Blue

LARE’VA LEMORTE 
Copyright©2019
Lare’va Lemorte.
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests, write to the publisher, addressed “Attention: Permissions Coordinator,” at the address below. 
ISBN: 978-0-578-48341-2
Any references to historical events, real people, or real places are used fictitiously. Names, characters, and places are products of the author’s imagination.
Book design by Designer.
Lemorte Inc.C@2019
acknowledgements


For my aunt Evelyn, thanks for letting me sneak over and watch horror movies…

To all those who inspire and continue to inspire...
To the lost ones still looking for their way, 
To the warriors, the survivors, and the ones still fighting,
 Stay strong, believe in yourself. You can win. 

Photo Credits to:
Lorri Lang Photography
Special Thanks to Gloria for all her hard work.
Preface


Blue started as a dream I had over ten years ago, three years before the 2011 Tsunami in Japan. I remember how blown away I was when that oceanic event really happened. 
The dream looked, sounded, and felt so real that I remembered it all. I had to write it down immediately. The details took time to research. Once finished, I struggled with whether to publish or not. Within it there are social issues that still today need help being solved.
I decided to commit to sharing this story when talking to friends about the state of the world. My hope is that Blue will find its way to those who need to be believed, inspired, and understood. .
Disclaimer

Please bear in mind this trigger warning:
There are violent scenes and graphic situations of an adult nature.



Chapter 1 REBORN


When I was three years old, I was pulled from the water. No one knew why I was out there. Thin and scrawny, I was a frail speck of a girl. The water was clean, clear, nothing on the surface for a person to hold onto. The fishing vessel was many miles from the shore, and I was found alone. By the time the creaking gears and mechanisms heaved the monstrous net onto the deck, my tail was gone. It was the Roman calendar year of 1915. The first world war of the human race was underway. 
Like the dying fish I was covered in, my mouth opened and closed. Choking, surprised, and frantic, my hands clawed at my throat. I gasped violently as the first breaths of air surged into my virginal lungs. The light came at me in an intense, blinding introduction. As I rubbed my eyes against the solar assault, I noticed the cries of alarm, booming from the throaty baritone voices of the men. Upon discovering me, they began to huddle around my location. Everything happened fast.
The first of the rugged fisherman to see me half buried among the kelp, called for a blanket. Before my large, round, sapphire blue eyes the entire scene was terrifying, a bewildering production of chaos. Inside, my thought process was functioning and cognitive. The problem was, nothing about the environment was identifiable. 
 These upright creatures who looked like me, who were they? Why were they so upset to discover me if I favored them so much? I felt a familiarity to their image, yet clearly an unrecognizable factor remained. Their equally surprised expressions told me much. We were connected but disconnected.
Unable to understand what they were saying made me uncertain of how to react. Fearful that their uneasy behavior might cause them to attack, my body tightened. They looked unhappier than I was. I was disturbed that even though they were older and twice my size, the disgruntled fishermen were frightened of me with my tiny frame. 
The air became thicker. The inside of my throat was raw, scratchy. My lungs felt like vines of thorns had been dragged through them. To reduce my aspect of being a threat, I remained as motionless as possible. 
Attempting to observe my whereabouts, I remained cautious, allowing only my eyes to move. They stopped on the immense, daunting structure of the ship’s towering wooden mast; giving off the impression of a many-horned, large gilled monster. 
My mind was a blank page. And now the images it was being filled with caused only a terrible sense of dread. The look of horror in the eyes of the weatherworn fishermen made things worse. My body begged to escape, to find some comfort somewhere in the shadows of the bowels of the ship. All I could do was helplessly witness what happens when man engages with something they saw as different and threatening. They always seem to resort to their primitive, unconscious reactions.
As the intricate features of my face twist into a worried grimace, I grew desperate. I searched for something, anything to trigger a memory. Once I realized that everything before they ensnared me was forgotten, my efforts uncontrollably increased. Inside, there was no memory of how I managed to get caught in their baleful, roped cage. I felt the stroke of the oncoming panic.
One of the sailors, a stout bristly looking man with the telling signs of age in his face, appeared from the back of the stirred-up crowd. At a slow pace he approached me. With considerate care, he reached his hand out and signified a peaceable gesture. Something about him allowed my anxiety to relinquish its grip. 
My eyes squinted from the blaze of the sun. My curiosity pulled at me.Twisting on my lip, I concentratedintensely upon him. Soon I found that I was able to reveal everything about his intentions. 
Remedial energies of kindness and acceptance radiated from his deep set, hazel eyes. With little resistance I allowed him to detangle me from the net. As I felt myself becoming free, I instantly pulled my bony knees up to my chest. My fingers continued to grip the net, believing that it would somehow shield me from the onlookers. As kind as Emilio appeared, I was still not comfortable enough to leave the only position I had for a possible retreat. The shouting of the other men changed to murmurs as they spoke amongst themselves. 
“Bella Tesoro,” the kind man crooned while he rested on his heels. 
“It’s going to be alright. I’m not going to hurt you.” Giving a nod to me, he glanced over his shoulder at the others.
“Don’t worry, I’m not going to let them hurt you either.”
My eyebrows raised at the sound of Emilio’s voice. He took delicate care in wrapping the faded, wool blanket around my shivering body. Balanced beside me, he was agreeable about not forcing me to relinquish my hold on the salty ropes. Emilio seemed to understand my concerns.
This man’s kindness emerging from out of a crowd of animosity was of course surprising. My equilibrium was disoriented. I was coming out of an amnesia-like haze, overwhelmed with uncertainties, only to be shouted at. Blinking, I waited for his next move. 
Something inside me wanted to change. It commanded my attention. Rubbing my eyes seemed to help them adjust. And then I noticed it at once; bright, auric halos bordering each of the mortals. Deep within their molecular light they seemed to move, like strands of flickering fire. 
Letting my head tilt slowly, I observed the mesmerizing glow around Emilio. Even through young eyes we are insightful. We are born with the power to bore through cellular physiology, to break life down to molecules, particles, and photons… to see the fundamentals of the formations of all energy. Though not mature enough to understand, it is usually through the guidance of the others that we learn to use such knowledge. 
No one else seemed to be reacting to these distracting halos of light. They appeared to move within their own contained magnetic field. Turning my head to the side, I blinked quick. My mouth began to quiver before it dropped open. These incredulous displays were being ignored, and I didn’t want to stop watching them. 
My attention was forced back to Emilio. Watching his individual energy field, I discovered I that could read the memory data stored in his brain. It seemed that the longer I stared into these auras, the more information about the person was revealed. Without a struggle it became clear to me why humans call people like him father. Images slowly rolled in on a drifting vapor, as a ghost emerging into sight. It was both amazing and frightening to see the continuous flowing of memories that summarize a person’s life.
This profound connection with his mindled me to many significant personal facts. His name was Emilio Moretti. He’d been a lifelong fisherman, acquiring his skill from techniques traditionally passed down by generations of his family mastering the trade. Both his grandfather and father were well esteemed in their community.
They worked toward establishing some of the foundations in their prosperous town. I pursed my lips as my mind caught onto the fragments of his past. His family volunteered their time to the construction of many of the original buildings, even helping to create homes for residents who had seen misfortune over the years.
He and his wife Luisa were in their late forties. After being married some years, they eventually found themselves stricken with the horrible reality of never being able to have children. Medicine being as ill advanced as it was, Luisa suffered several miscarriages over the years and two stillbirths. Regrettably, the empty longing in their lives remained.
Emilio waited with a patient smile while I remained in the trancelike fixation. He felt it was the best way to win my trust. Continuing to witness the memories in his mind, I became aware that my breath was in conjunction with his. Satisfied with the curiosity, my eyes narrowed before darting around his well-built sailor’s frame. His thick hair was graying, but still dark brown for the most part. 
Loss…
For myself, this emotion didn’t have an understanding yet. To Emilio, it didn’t seem as if they were meant to have a family. He was seeing this opportunity as a blessing. It was an answered prayer to erase all the years of heartache and yearning for a child.
My speech was impaired, and I was too frightened to learn their language. But I wanted to signal my acceptance of my new father. Feeling good about my discoveries, I mocked the gesture of the smile he gave to me. Blinking and taken aback, Emilio grinned, laughing to himself. 
All too soon the bond was broken by the darkening atmosphere of reality. The thoughts of the rest of the frightened fishermen began to surge and deploy, thrusting me into my surroundings again. Some of them wanted me dead. 
Weary from the day’s work, they were drained of rational logic. Many of them wanted to verify my identity with unusual sounding words. They cursed and spit at me and called me Sirena… demanding that I be thrown overboard. In their hearts I was a curse come to life in the flesh. A storm festering nightmare pulled from the abyss of the sea. 
“She’s a sea demon!” Yelled a rasping voice in the crowd. 
“And she’s only a tiny one too. She’ll have our whole ship brought down around us when the rest of them come looking for her!” He warned the others.” 
With a nervous kind of courageousness, he moved from the crowd to look over the deck. Wrenching his hands, he peered out into the ocean.
The beautiful sea remained as calm as an undisturbed field of flowers. The radiant blue, cloudless sky threatened no sign of a tempest despite my accidental capture. Fearing his premonitions might come true, the man returned to the safety of the crowd. 
They continued to argue over what to do with me. The emotional electricity from the heightened state of the crew kept anyone from noticing the dolphins. Like stealthy submarines they lurked with effortless silence near the bow of the ship. In a fretted contemplation, Emilio listened to the uprising. Rubbing his stubbly chin, he searched his mind for the best way to safely remove me from potential harm.
 As my new father looked at me, I knew what he wanted to do. To keep me calmed he stood up slow while straightening his shoulders. Inside him some core decision was made. Its energy towered its way through and was determined to impose itself upon the others. Something about its rosy, golden substance felt hopeful.
Uninterested in listening to any more debate, Emilio bent down to scoop me up into his tanned arms. The others froze, then immediately shouted their disapproval. With a taxing animation, they wildly shook their fists. Several continued their blustering. In one last attempt to convince my father that I was a bad omen, a few of them began to advance toward him. Emilio’s face grew dark. A menacing scowl took over his gentle face.
“You superstitious, idiotic fools! She’s only a lonely, lost child.” He growled at the men. He jilted his chin toward them. 
“I’ll not hear one more word of this crazy talk,” my angry father warns.
“You don’t know that she hasn’t been drifting out there, thrown from some shipwreck.” Watching the crowd for threats, Emilio kept me protected and out of their reach. The strong force in language of his body dared any of them to make a move. 
“Look at her! She’s nothing but a small, helpless, frightened little girl!” He calls to them.
“We don’t know what happened to her, or what suffering she is going through.” Giving them a fiery, warning scowl, he advanced toward them with his shoulders out.
“Now get out of my way and be warned… if one of you dare lay a finger on her, I’ll throw YOU overboard.”
What I saw next, humans still have a hard time processing. It was terrifying and amazing. Their heightened energy, caused by their irate behavior, provoked the forming of a dark smoky cloud. The hissing gray murkiness-built momentum as it swirled and festered with advancing negative emotions. 
The voiceless threatening material started from their chests. It made its exit like a liberated apparition. The black lucid mass stopped and hovered above them. Remaining there, it continued to grow. Smaller strands of dark energy continued to rise from the havoc of the fussing crowd. 
With my hair safely hiding my face I took the risk to look, wondering why no one else saw the menacing, eager cloud. Why was I the only one experiencing these inexplicable things? The malicious degree of its energy became too much for me. In once last glance, I could’ve sworn it was reaching for me. Shivering, I buried my face into the warmth of Emilio’s sea stained, gray shirt. 
Irritated and tired, he finally had enough of their bickering. Emilio wiped his brow and pushed through them, dismissively turning a deaf ear to their pleas. He scoffed at them and mocked their superstitious remarks. The emotions, the tension, the sensations, the anguish of my mind from their hostile thoughts made me recoil further. I clung to the only solace available, his fatherly embrace. 
 “Get out of my way,” he commanded. “She needs help and you’re frightening her.”
Assuming his authority, he waved his arm in front of our path. Some of the fishermen continued to argue as they stepped aside. Nothing felt more relieving than getting away from that horrible, negative presence. I watched carefully to see if it was following us. Once away from the men, Emilio made for the quarters of the captain. 
I fought hard to hold on to that tiny drift of positive feeling. Nothing could’ve dared me to look back. Even as I kept my face hidden in the folds of his shirt, I still sensed them. 
Energy… manifested in some sort of visual form… I was literally hearing and seeing an energized projection, born out of their annoyed confusion. Through the walls, I listened to them worry over the way the situation was left. I chewed on my lip. Emilio kindly rubbed my shivering back as he walked.
Sadly, I wish my first encounter with humans had not begun this way…
The boat was returning to port as we entered the captain’s office. The turbulent churning caused by the disturbance of the waves felt like earthquake aftershocks. Apparently, the others decided it best to continue with their normal duties until more information from the captain came down. And now with their dangerously, strange catch on board, they were more than eager to get out of the water. 
Emilio closed the door behind us. The weatherworn older man eyed me with curious surprise. Emilio sat me down on a large leathery chair. With quiet interest the captain watched us from his seat, resting his hands on his stained mahogany, spinet desk. Emilio cooed unknown reassuring words to me, patting my hair before sitting himself in the wooden chair in front of his captain. 
Keeping the blanket tightly wrapped around myself, I turned my attention to this new body of energy, housed in the old man watching me from his desk. My eyes narrowed to perceive him deeper, letting myself investigate his emotions and thoughts. 
Despite his rough and tough sea dog exterior, the warm, rosy glow of his energy announced to me that he was a compassionate man in his late sixties. His sunburned, wrinkled skin resembled the consistency of the chair I sat in, wind-swept and sun blessed by countless years of grueling service as a sailor. 
Like before, images began to form from the captain’s thoughts. I was able to see him as a young man beginning his career, followed by decisions and sacrifices that set him on his present life path. What little graying hair he now had left, was sticking out in thinning, feathery tufts through his crisp white sailor’s cap. In stoic silence he patiently listened to Emilio explain the cause of the commotion on deck. Occasionally he glanced in my direction, casting a sympathetic smile.
“Sir, the men are acting like foolish, superstitious, squawking old ladies,” my would-be father commented.
 “As you can see for yourself, she’s only a child… probably shipwrecked, or maybe even intentionally thrown overboard.”
“Who are we to know?” Feeling secure with what he was about to say next, Emilio paused for a moment to let his words resonate. 
“I take full responsibility for her.” Emilio crossed his arms. 
“I want to take her home.”
 Tapping his fingertips together as he listened, it was apparent that the captain sympathized with my father. His memories informed me that in a dreadful turn of events, he lost his own family to famine and dysentery. Nodding his head, he agreed with Emilio’s request to keep me and raise me for his own. Being old trusted friends, they worked together to come up with a story to explain my discovery. 
In my perception, their words were jumbled, clustered, and too fast. My face twisted into a puzzled look of confusion. I focused on the energy exchange between the two men. Their communication seemed okay, better than what went on outside. More so, I was relieved this room felt friendlier. The thought of being back in the water alone was terrifying. 
Through the use of sound waves their voices formed observable images. They were clear, visual sentences that stated their ideas. This I is how I began to understand human language. Relaxed, interested, I sat up at full attention and relinquished my vice grip on the blanket. The room was dim, but the warmth was strong. No sign that the menacing, black mass above deck threatened to emerge here. I was indeed safe. 
“Although she doesn’t seem to understand us Emilio, she appears to be very grateful to you.” The captain declared, holding onto his trousers as he stood up. 
“And I am glad my friend, of your big heart and willingness to speak up against the rest of the crew.” His eyes beamed as he reached his arms up to stretch his aching muscles.
“I’m going to speak to the others.” He declared, exchanging his expression for a serious face. Placing a hand on his hip, he rubbed his chin while he contemplated.
“Go and take her to your cabin and find her something to wear. 
And so, my fate was agreed upon. It could’ve gone extremely wrong, but it didn’t. The captain went to meet with the rest of the crew to make them pledge a vow of silence. Once at the harbor they were to go about their duties normally, making neither questionable gestures, nor comment to indicate that something was amiss. Some of them attempted to protest, hoping to convey their concerns. His scowl silenced their arguments pretty fast. 
Even after addressing the crew, the men continued to privately grumble amongst themselves. I didn’t care as long as they kept their distance from me for the remainder of the trip. Not another sharp word was uttered about what was to become of my future. The captain had spoken, and it is mutiny, a high crime to go against their captain. Regrettably I don’t recall ever hearing this good man’s name, but I will never forget the mercy he took upon me.
He personally brought me my first human meal. It was some strange type of soup with a heavy, fishy fragrance. I remember that it was more of a thin, stringy broth than anything solid. Next to the bowl, he placed a half a loaf of bread. 
Their confusion as to why I had no instinctive understanding on how to eat filled me with worry. Even when they tried to show me how, all I could do was regard them with a blank stare, frowning to express my awkwardness until they gave up and lay the bowl aside. The fear and uncertainty of my identity was too heavy on my heart to concentrate on anything else. 
“Perhaps she is just in shock Emilio,” the captain said as he set the bowl and spoon down.
“I’m sure the way the crew treated her has left a troubling side effect.” The captain looked from me to my father.
“Give her time to settle.” The captain gave me a fond smile, followed by a wink and a laugh.
“You watch, once she has had a good rest, she will have an appetite the size of a whale.” The captain chuckled, smacking his old friend on the back before taking his leave of us. Emilio sat bent over, clasping his hands between his knees. He tried to smile for my sake. 
Just before we reached port, the boat was taken over by a strange sound. Its source and location were too elusive to pinpoint. Packing up his bag, my new father didn’t seem to notice it at all. Without calling too much attention to myself I looked around the room, trying in vain to find where the clicks and whistles were coming from. There was an occasional high-pitched tone, orchestrated in a rhythm that seemed to carry some direct, intentional meaning. 
Stooped over his bulky, brown, laundry sack, Emilio remained oblivious, too focused on stuffing dirty clothes and grumbling about the price of laundry soap. Frowning as I searched about, it appeared that I was the only one able to hear these musical noises. Though confusing, I observed the way it sounded as fluent and articulate as any other type of language. And in its energy, I felt an acquaintance.
My eyes clouded over. I feared I was going to go blind. I was seeing in a color collaboration that humans didn’t seem to use. The sonar power of these sounds invited my brain into that deeper part of itself. It led me to see beyond the walls of the ship. There was something… something in the water beside us; following us. 
A tiny gasp escaped my throat. Through a strange rippling interference in my vision, I observed through the walls the smiling eyes of a striped dolphin. Chirping and communicating at a high speed, it swam along beside another within the glassy contrast of the water. My unexpected reaction caused my father to turn around. I gave him a shy smile to reassure him that I was okay.
**************************************
The kindly captain announced his presence by walking up to me and patting my hair in greeting.
“Won’t be long now, little dove.” He confirmed. 
The heavy, bountiful ship began its dock in the harbor. The captain wanted to see me one last time before our long journey separated the peculiar, short-lived bond. Considerately remembering how I liked to play with his hat, he placed it on my lap. He then turned to Emilio to discuss what to do with me once we were ashore. It was important to make the best plan, ensuring that everything went well for all of us.
The blistering sun was making its descent below the horizon of the dark sea. Emilio prepared to creep away with me from the ship, like a stowaway rat skillfully returning with its peach. Once ashore, we rode home in the back of a storekeeper’s horse and buggy. The short, younger man was a childhood companion who believed in honoring his friendship with my father.
His hope came true. The storekeeper agreed to play along with the fib. Careful and ever alert, he carried me to the cart in a large woven basket. The façade seemed clever enough. He kept it covered to convince any curious bystanders that it was keeping flies off the various commodity of seafood he was taking home. 
Crouching in the dark of the basket, I heard his sigh of relief before he removed the top. The horse continued to trot down the cobblestone road leading out of town. Looking in he had a good chuckle to himself, realizing I’d eaten a good portion of the basket’s contents. We smiled to each other, admiring the moment in silence. It was an amusing tête-à-tête. 
My new human parents resided in a small village near Porto Fino, Italy. My father grew up there, and by the natural conventions of small towns, everyone knew everyone. Emilio’s many involvements in the town earned him a trustworthy and respectful reputation. In this unfortunate appearance of fortune, his advantage gave him more of a chance that no one would object.
If the tale was told of the discovery of an abandoned ragged little girl, who would question it? By God’s grace, the lost girl was barely found, wandering along the coastline during one of the evening storms. Our remote, private town loved my father. No one would ever challenge his decision to keep me. The poor couple had gone through enough.
Upon every gaze his warming feeling stole my anxiety away. Wrapped around the beaming energy in his eyes, was the love I believed that never ends. Petting my algae-stained hair, while softly singing one of his favorite romantic Italian melodies will always be one of my favorite memories of him. Those defining first moments of creating a connection, are the ones that no one else can ever replace for a daughter. 
Though I didn’t understand the words to that timeless sailor’s song, the essence evoking from his soothing tone and his heartening touch established the perfect formula to lull me to sleep. Exhaustion was seizing every part of my being. The journey of the swim, combined with the trauma on the boat, and the cerebral attack on my senses had worn me out. The bio-need for sleep was winning.
Ultimately, I believe that my body system, (especially the areas some account to causing supernatural occurrences,) is a combination of multiple physiological variables. I discovered high traces of chemicals that are found in sea coral. It’s extremely in-depth and more complex than any human. I’m almost certain it’s why the shock to my body, aided by the atmospheric changes, created a defense mechanism for me. It was also what encouraged me to forget why I was near the surface that fateful day. 
Creatures like me have an exceptional, auto-neural response. The younger of our species have a shutdown system, a way of chemically turning off the particles in us that transform. The brain is one of the most difficult organs in the body to fully understand. Neural fibers that communicate our thoughts and sense can stretch miles. In fact, there is so much of this organic ‘cable wire’ that scientists can’t observe and record it efficiently yet. There is still a lot of research to be done.




chapter  2 nOTHING LIKE A MOTHER’S TOUCH


Over time it’s been easier to draw upon every memory I’ve ever had. The more we age, the better our memory seems to get. The first bumpy ride home carefully hidden among soft, cotton linens, huge stacks of bags of dried goods, and parcels stayed with me in whispers. We rode all day and into the night through the mountain-ranged countryside. For the first time ever, I watched the stars as they began to illuminate the sky. 
After eating, I slept most of the way. Emilio had no way of knowing my body was overheating. The terrible fatigue started as a feverish feeling, then evolved into a terminal, skin cracking rash that my new mother would later discover. I slept with restless frustration, longing to cool my skin off. Once my eyes opened again, I was looking into the face of my human mother. 
Like radiant, fire-amber gemstones her eyes shined, lighting up with great joy when she saw me. The drowsiness was still in control of my perception. Trying to recover my focus, I blinked slow at first. I studied her face using this intriguing sense of wonder. 
Luisa's gentle, smiling eyes glistened with tears, for me an impulsively frightening moment. Her thick, lustrous, chocolate brown hair she wore braided down her back. Strands of her long unabridged bangs had fallen out, collecting themselves along the curves around her round, cherub, olive toned face. While her aging features assumed a plump and homely appearance, they gave forth to another encounter of an emotion I was beginning to learn to understand.
My curiosity soared asI watched her vivid energy materialize into a vaporous force. In its quieter, subconscious form, it followed its pursuit toward its own desire... to connect with me. After the incident on the boat, I wasn’t sure what to expect. I feel I was meant to learn the unpredictable emotional reactions of humans through dynamic stages of trauma. It seemed wisest to watch the qualities of her energy carefully. 
This… horrible, extraterrestrial intuition in me immediately noticed the absence of doubt in Luisa. Much to my surprise, even my father had his hidden fears of me. Like warm, orange tendrils of sparks rising from a fire, her aura shined from her body. Eager to make introductions with me she kept her eyes upon mine. 
I suppose she was attempting some silent form of welcome. She had this happy jitter as she held the heavy, wooden door open for Emilio. The creaking hinges of that handmade door rang in my ears like bells, an initiation into a new world. As the sound settled, my senses sprang to life, dusting off the weariness of their slumber.
Shifting positions in my father’s arms while anxiously watching the door open, I craned my neck to see what was inside. We walked through a curved arched hallway. Many long-glassed candles lit our way. More unfamiliar smells invaded my nostrils. Everything felt alive with its own energy source. There was a heavy resin odor of incense, the soapy floral smell of cleaning fluid, along with the distinguished scent of burned wax. 
My power was outliving its novelty. Having to accept these abilities as an abstract part of me, I sighed. The mind reading, the color clouds, the dolphins, I was different from them and it wasn’t going away. Walking in unison in silent reverence, they didn’t seem to notice the things I was experiencing. Trying not to feel defeated, I hoped it wouldn’t make a difference to them. 
We walked through a small stone room that connected to all the others. Luisa lead us into their traditional, modest living room. My eyes hungrily desired to explore my new residency. Growing wider, they anchored themselves upon the pictures of various catholic saints. Grand endless mountain ranges, and religiously orientated buildings7 were all tactfully combined with customary catholic decor. Their living room was simply furnished. It was the art that kept my attention more than anything else. Somehow intuitively, I was able to understand its purpose. 
Though more relaxed in his home setting, Emilio remained cautious. He stood in the middle of the candlelit living room cradling me in his arms. He was judging my mother’s reactions before turning me over to her. With care, he began to explain.
Luisa listened wide-eyed to my father recounting how I was discovered. She wrenched her hands from time to time as he discussed the most intense parts of the story. After hearing my father out, she crossed her arms and sighed. No reflex of uncertainty was ever cast upon her face. In her relaxed, soft body language there was never a hesitation. 
“Promettere mari e monti!” She suddenly exclaimed with excited passion.
“God has finally blessed my aching heart husband.” 
Proclaiming this, her body glowed brighter. The colors of her gratitude were stunning and insatiably abundant. At once, she made the sign of the cross over her chest and face, and in an awestricken trance began reverently muttering to herself. I tried not to frown at her odd reaction to me. Turning my head, I scrunched my eyebrows as I watched her peculiar sanctimonious production. 
Clapping her hands together and grinning, she walked over to scoop me up from my father’s embrace. He allowed her to this time. Luisa began gently rocking me. She looked down into my eyes, speaking unrecognized words in an endearing, maternal tone. I wanted her feelings to last forever. Caressing her slender hand across my face, she placed me on the rustic wooden framed couch. Its forest green cushions were a little worn but appeared to be freshly stuffed.
“What a beautiful darling you are,” she remarked as she reached beside me to pick up a colorful knitted afghan. 
The generous warmth of her energy was irresistible and welcoming after the boat. Without flinching, I allowed her to drape the blanket over my body. Sitting there quietly adapting to the environment, my mind grew hypnotized by the pure love in their thoughts. And their energy desperately wanted to venture toward me. 
The strength binding this connection was entangling my awareness so profoundly that I didn’t even notice my father’s disappearance. He returned with several of the packages we brought with us. Whispering in an inaudible, rapid dialect, she took several of the smaller paper wrapped parcels from him to carry into another room. 
“Grazie Madre Maria, grazie,” she rejoiced. Her avid excitement continued to spark about her.
Humble and weary, Emilio’s essence seemed to now move at a much slower pace than the day before. His usual white energy looked dim and blurred. Sighing in a calm manner, he smiled to me before following behind her. 
With a taut expression, I watched them retreat to the kitchen. I didn’t want to sit on the couch, comfortably wrapped up in order to be hypnotized into submission. As I was pondering whether to move or not, an alarming inner sensation took my attention away. With no comparable explanation, I froze, observing this message with expressionless respect. I began to realize that somewhere in the other room, Emilio was telling Luisa of how some of the fishermen claimed they witnessed seeing me with a fish tail. 
The startling sound of something large and metallic hitting the wooden floor was her first response, breaking me free of the trance. At once, rejection began to play on my insecurities. I attempted to disappear by crawling into the back of the couch cushions. Her voice elevated to a high and irate tempo. She answered her husband’s remark by swiftly reciting another prayer to one of the saints. 
My heart began to beat at a rate equal to the sound of her footsteps pacing around the room. Squeezing my eyes shut as tightly as possible and holding the blanket over my ears, I searched mentally for protection. At last the extrasensory impression of Emilio gently shushing her eased my tension. 
The sound of pacing stopped. Calming herself, Luisa stood frozen in place, awkwardly realizing the mistakes caused by her impulsive reactions. Frowning with her hands on her hips, her worried face embodied the look of someone awakening to a dangerous acquisition. With somber eyes she remained speechless but softened. Attentive and enthralled in the words her husband was proclaiming, she calmly allowed him to continue. 
For a while, it was hard to understand my mother’s instinctual habit of gesturing with her hands and fingers as she spoke. A recurring custom no matter the mood. Through much observation amongst my new loving community, I later learned that it’s a common characteristic among my beloved, adopted Italian heritage. For them, being exceedingly physically expressive was like breathing, and it was nothing to be alarmed about. 
“Emilio,” she finally found herself able to say. “Tell me please, do you believe any of what your shipmates claim about her?” 
My father looked upon her and crossed his arms. Tightening his lips, he contemplated his next reply before walking over to his wife. There were scales found among the fish, larger, stranger. Hiding his concerns, he forced himself to smile as he stroked her face before pulling her into a consoling hug. Tired and troubled, I heard him sigh, nuzzling her neck while rubbing her arms. He was determined to promote some reassuring comfort.
“Amore Mio,” he answered. “Although I do believe she is special, I do not believe in such superstitions, and I saw nothing to support them.” 
Luisa had a great deal of faith in her reliable husband’s judgement. Taking a deep breath, she turned to meet him face to face and found him smiling. His eyes brightly gleamed with confidence, as if to confirm there was no evidence of impending doom awaiting their future regarding me. Feeling better, I sensed her able to smile back at him. 
“Perhaps she came from the sky instead of the water.” He playfully added with a smirk, pointing upward with one hand as he rubbed her back with the other. Scoffing, she gave his arm a brazened slap before allowing herself to chuckle at his joke. 
The blanket was my protecting force, my shield. Its softness was what made the safe feeling so desirably sweet. In desperation I held onto it, waiting for their return. How relieving it was to feel the energy finally shifting away from tension andtranscending into something reposed. Gathering the courage to explore, I decided to get up, pathetically carrying the afghan with me. 
The atmosphere resonated a steadfast calm. I crept up to the doorway of the kitchen. Not brave enough to enter, I quietly sat down cross-legged in the doorway. Standing across from my new mother Emilio continued speaking low, expressing his plans for explaining my appearance. Occasionally he’d uncross his arms to make certain expressive gestures, looking to solidify a point.
Apprehensive yet hopeful, my mother stayed respectfully silent while moving around the room. She focused on putting the food items away. I heard her thoughts seeking suitable attire and bedding for me. It was her way of coping with worrying. 
The blend of his calm confidence, and her optimistic fretting, stimulated perplexing thoughts for me. Struggling to find a composed medium in the two, I sighed with frustration. My attitude turned introversive. From the moment my senses reawakened, my greatest desire was to feel an acceptance, a “oneness”, a connection to whatever living being was before me. Yet finding a way to understand this unacquainted concept of human individuality, felt like a virus attacking my immune system. 
My tiny, sophisticated sigh was able to reach their ears. Emilio noticed me first. His ever-comforting smile received me, as he motioned for me to come to him. Still carrying the blanket, I scurried over, eager to crawl into his arms. It was a relief that they understood my uneasiness.
“Let’s have no more discussions while tiny ears are present, my love.” His kind speech was lulling me into a quieted daze. He kept his eyes connected with mine as he swayed me back and forth. 
“It’s been a long trip.”
Though concentrating on his words, I took the risk to look over at my mother. Beholding a serious expression, she nodded to agree while turning her eyes downward. Taking a deep breath, she raised her eyes to meet mine. She tilted her head and smiled before walking over to us. Satisfied, Luisa kissed my head before leading the way to their bedroom. Emilio stopped in the doorway. My heart dropped as I realized what my mother was holding.
Looking at the blankets in her arms, I began to acknowledge the intent. Immediately I wanted to get upset. I didn’t want to sleep anymore. Didn’t they know that I had already slept all day? I was too hot to sleep. My chapped, dehydrated skin was beginning to split open and crack. Shifting my weight, I let out an almost unnoticeably soft whimper. The acute ears of my father caught it. Petting my hair, he attempted to soothe me as I watched my mother with wide, panicked eyes.
Luisa placed the blankets on the carved oak, four-poster bedbeforegathering me from my father’s arms. Sitting me in place, she looked to Emilio to make a request. Motioning with her hands toward a distant room, she described something. The joy of being around her was infectious even through my nervousness. How I marveled at the sincerity of her unconditional love. The caring in her unbounded kindness seemed to constantly spiral around her body.
Her caress became the security I wanted most. Quietly she fussed to whatever elusive spiritual source she believed to be in the room. Like many outstanding women in her species, Luisa muttered to herself quite frequently. Another popular practice deeply rooted in her bloodline. Often, I’d look around to seek out who she was talking to. The feeling of threat was still somewhere in my lungs, and it gave my brain cause to learn to adapt to everything more rapidly.
 My body became encased by the feeling of losing control. It formed a perimeter around me. Staring in a blank-faced trance, distancing myself from Luisa’s voice I shivered. Then it began. The strange, reckless process of remotely viewing some other place or time. My eyes glazed. Images of people like her in height and appearance took over my sense of sight. It was a gathering and there were many of them, and among them I saw a much younger version of Luisa, helping to pass out plates for the huge family dinner.
No. The hectic, repetitional ways Mama depicted her impatient gestures will not be something I’ll have to worry about, I finally concluded. The fear of danger seemed to be passing.
With a breathy grunt, her stoic face crinkled. She forced herself to remove the sticky algae from my hair. Her pitch grew higher, exhibiting more energy as she continued to speak with excited disapproving motions. 
Calling to my father, she made an excited gesture with her hand as she pointed to the door. Emilio eventually appeared, carrying a large, metal washing tub filled with warm, foamy water. The light reflecting from the bubbles started playing tricks on my eyesight...
My pulse began to rise, I felt my eyes growing. The sloshing sound of the water hitting the tub overwhelmed my hearing. My body wanted to shake. Trying not to overreact wasn’t easy. The two of them had yet to notice my responses.
With a trembling frown, I stopped blinking. Troubled and petrified, my eyes stared into the tub. Somewhere in my mind, her goals began to present themselves. Tensing my face, I watched Emilio place the tub in front of her. 
I winced when it touched the floor. There was already something about water, that seemed to cause people to dislike me. The thought of it causing my new family to react the same way, drove me into moving to the middle of the bed. Being unnoticed was always the best guarantee. Feeling good and hidden, I let my eyes dart back and forth between the two of them. 
Luisa noticed my tension. Believing it would make the situation easier, she created a soothing, humming noise in her throat. Completely ignoring my attempt to hide, she walked over to me. For the first time, she realized the searing damage emanating from my skin.
“My goodness Little One!” Retracting from the heat of my skin, she gasped. 
Sensing her panic only encouraged my own. Biting her lip and holding her tongue, she turned to speak to my father. With his hands clasped in front of him, Emilio remained calm and compliant. She waved him away, dismissing him to retrieve towels and a brush. Upon turning back around, she began to examine me closer. 
Once Luisa removed the old seaman’s shirt, the sharp, singeing friction from its cloth triggered me to shrink from her touch. I wanted so desperately to understand the words that made her eyes soften with sympathy. My skin appeared to be stained a translucent red, caused by the rubbing of the shirt. Tiny web-like cracks were forming everywhere. 
For her love, there came a desire to do my best, to learn to react the way she expected of me. Though I wasn’t too eager to move from the bed, I still let myself be led to the tub. Entering the bath, I looked to my parents. They were still smiling. Nothing strange was happening. When I placed them in the water the temperature of my feet started to rise but ceased almost as easily at it began. 
Sighing helped me to relax. I allowed her to wash me while I explored the interestingly collective scent of bubbles, intermingled with the acute metallic odor from the frame of the tub. The water was like returning to a lost oasis on my burning, fevered flesh. In the turn of an instant, this menacing, wet substance that caused so much drama on the boat, now seemed to feel more connected to me than anything else. For a brief while, nothing else existed except its acceptance.
Luisa was delicate when poured fresh water from a clay pitcher across my back. It must have been particularly frustrating to wash my hair. Its length was already reaching the top of my skinny legs. Still, she did so with gracious content, smiling and talking while encouraging me to become accustomed to her. 
For all my happiness, the fear that the water could still cause something dreadful to happen was unshakable. Mental scarring had taken its toll.My anatomy was altered. Like the elusive way diseases are sometimes hidden in humans, my brain was blocking nerve paths to some of my supernatural reflexes. I had no idea that my ugly tail existed. It did not reveal itself again until I became fourteen. I’m not sure how often this happens to young mermaids because once they become teens, no one within reach of their pheromones survives. Thus, leaving very few documented reports.
Luisa continued to hum. In return I raised my head to smile at her. Hoping I was showing enough acknowledgment, I wanted her to see that I understood her kind actions. The confusing way my brain functioned left me uncertain as to when I should expose how aggressively fast, I was catching on to their environment. It was predatory. After time and with little effort, I was able to absorb every word, accentuation, and syllable of their language as well as them.
For creatures like us, our brains start sending super charged neuro-signals, awakening certain targeted hormones at the mortal age of two. This causes rapid growth towards specific realms of our development. I was partly told that this is how we formed tails and fins. Like godly spark plugs, certain sections fire stronger and emit more than human measured energy to the rest of our neural network. In turn, sending stronger brainchemicals and stronger growth messages to the rest of our body. It will still take much learning for humans to catch up with us. 
After all the apprehensiveness my bad luck had caused, relaxing was a feeling I was eager to get used to. Being at ease was becoming irresistible. Water is a strong conduit for us. Within the water’s comforting sway, my powers felt strongest. 
I held my hand up and let the waterdrop from my fingertips. Growing bored, I raised my head to adore my new mother with more smiles. She reciprocated. Fibers within our auric fields reached for one another. Pulsing in rhythm, they weaved themselves together. She seemed to sense it happening, but seeing it was unforgettable. 
As she was deciding to get me out of the tub, I stood up a little too prematurely. Watching me beaming with enthusiasm, Luisa’s face dropped. In innocence, I held my arms out to her. She took a step back and looked toward her husband with a puzzled expression on her face. Emilio remained unresponsive and partly out of view. He leaned against the doorway, awaiting anything his wife might need. 
“You must be ready to get out, huh my Darling?” Luisa tried to make her voice a lighter tone. I still felt the shakes in it. 
In slow motion, I put my hands down. Blinking, I cocked my head. Letting my forehead scrunch together, I felt the corners of my mouth turning down. Even though I understood how they were doing it, I still wasn’t sure how to communicate what I wanted. Watching her with sad eyes, I gave into the other way she and I were communicating. 
Like the delicate lace of aspider’s artisan web, strands of her energy continued to intertwine with my own. Inside her brain I saw my mistake, her reaction, and the concern she now had about my odd behavior. Their results revealed to me an irreparable error that I couldn’t afford to make again. I had to be…one of them. 
Brushing off her confusion, Mama holds her arms out to me. Feeling better, I smiled and held my arms up again. The softness of the towel was much more pleasant compared to the shirt. Happy with the results, she placed me back down on the bed to rub my hair dry. Nodding her appreciation of the bath’s work on me, Luisa pursed her lips as she moved away to seek the skin salve.
My jaw tensed; my eyes followed her. She turned to approach a small table beside us. Reaching down, she picked up a green, frosted, glass jar. Holding the towel loosely across my still irritated skin, I eyed the jar in scrutiny and frowned. 
“Dolce Bambina…” She gave me a reassuring smile while removing the lid.
“I see your wary eye, but this is going to fix you up.”
Curious, I watched her approach. Sitting close, she proceeded to apply some type of cool, earthy scented, cream onto my burning skin from the jar. The sound waves from her gentle singing, further alleviated my tension. It didn’t take long for the balm to start working, and I couldn’t have been more grateful for its results. 
Dressing me in an oversized cotton shirt, Luisa was ill prepared for such a surprising occasion. I sensed her making plans to begin sewing me proper clothes right after breakfast. Once my skin was taken care of and I was clothed again, she called for my father. 
Changed in his nightclothes he appeared. Strutting proudly toward us, Emilio talked of his victories at sea. Happily listening, we both smiled to him while my mother brushed out my matted hair. Tired and content, Luisa got up and spoke of her plans for the next day. Suddenly I realized their conversation had shifted. He was to be leaving again. Feeling a heavy drop in my chest, my face twisted into a worrisome pout. I lowered my eyes. Refusing to react, Luisa muttered something under her breath. It was probably another prayer. That was her ‘safety blanket.’ 
Aiming to momentarily ignore her, Papa moved to sit beside me. Glowing with pride, he picked me up and carried me into a smaller bedroom. It was filled with the scent of some type of wonderful oiled, floral, soap. I was able to view the distant shape of the moon, falling upon the curtains of a small sized window. The wooden smell was coming from a suitable writing desk, with some books carelessly stacked to one side. A round, robust, wooden chest rested at the end of the bed. Pink light emanated from a delicately designed, petite table lamp. 
“I don’t know, Caro.” Frowning and looking to the floor, my mother shook her head to her husband. 
“Do you think she should be here alone right now?” That was her strategy for talking him into changing his mind about enlisting.
“She doesn’t seem like she really understands us.” Pausing, she waited and watched my reactions. 
“She didn’t seem to know what a bath was. Did you notice?” Wringing her hands, Luisa glanced to his face. “I’m not sure I can help her by myself just yet is all,” she spoke in a lowered voice.
“I did.” Papa replied with an earnest face. 
A flash of a frown momentarily grazed his expression before he quickly smiled to me. I could tell he was waiting to be alone with her, to finalize his reasons for accepting this recruitment. There was no such thing as ‘draft dodging’ in our proud Italian military. 
“Perhaps what she needs is a little push to get her memory back.” He retracted back to the moment at hand. 
“I think it might do her some good to be in her own room tonight.” Noting her frown, he adds, “She seems to be catching on to us quite quickly my love.”
Watching their conversational fluctuations, my attention became over engaged in the change of shades around their energy. Tenseless, I allowed Papa to lower me into the handmade, child sized bed. He must have loved carving the animal shapes and trees. Not fully understanding how exhausted my body was, my thickly stuffed, straw mattress felt more than comfortable for me. It made me wonder to myself whether or not I’d ever felt this type of sensation before. 
Without dispute, my mother tucked the thick, quilted blanket around me. Doing my best to keep them content, I complied with the suggestions I gathered from their thoughts. My own were causing too much worry for me. And I’m sure the anxiety showed. 
“Now don’t be frightened child,” Mama chirped remaining at my side.
Serene about his approach, my father carried with him another kind of small, frosty glass bottle. This one was dull, black, and simply decorated; engraved with the stamp of a cross. Their poignant gestures were peculiar to my foreign perception. Something about the way they took their finger to their head, marking their body in the same shape as the enigmatic cross on the bottle disturbed me, though I was not afraid. 
Focused and transfixed, I followed his movement as he removed the small cork top. Placing his thumb over the opening, he turned the bottle upside down to allow some of the liquid to dampen his skin. Raising his hand to my forehead, he drew the sign of the cross upon my skin, uttering the sacred blessing taught to him. In a clear, reverent tone he prayed:
“May almighty God, Father, Son, and Holy Spirit bless you my child for time and eternity, and may this blessing remain forever with you…” 




chapter 3 SERPENTS AND SAINTS


It’s unattainable… limiting the words able to describe the feeling of pure faith. Poetically, the glow transmitting from my parents materialized. Seeing it come to life is even more unexplainable. Seeing their thoughts, their emotions was as easily as seeing flesh. During their simple catholic ceremony, I was bestowed this chance to visually witness the marvel of what higher levels of emotionally charged energies can do. Even with no understanding of it, I desired to experience it for myself... Faith, an amusing concept. 
There in the silent dark, I strained my memory for any piece of existence before the boat. Having no luck was getting the best of my patience. Switching frequencies, I closed my eyes to better focus on the conversation coming from the next room. Its disturbing urgency seemed more interesting, and more important right now than my mysterious origin. 
Luisa sniffled as my father told her more of the war. They needed many experienced seamen. In this rising threat to their beloved way of life, a growing need for intrepid soldiers gained pressure by the day. By record and reputation, my father befitted recommendations. He told his frantic wife that he was proud to join the front lines in battle on the navy ships. He was a firm believer that any man who did not defend his country, did not deserve their country.
The vibrational sensations coming from her soft weeping stung my heart with an icy, unshakable touch. Immediately he walked over to hold her. Kissing her hair, he promised his safe return. I could feel his guilt. Overwhelmed, I sighed as I turned to face the wall. 
When the salty water began emitting from my face, it gave me an awful fright. The bed jerked from my startled jump, as this new moisture filled my eyes. Breathing harder, I decided whether or not to call for Luisa. Nothing happened. No unusual changes. 
As the tears continued, I tried to understand my frustration. Not knowing became the final confusing contributor to my exhaustion. My emotions were strained. The momentum to give in, to release was only making it worse. I didn’t know what war was, and everything I was hearing and seeing about it was beginning to appear too disturbing to be real. 
Though it seemed like it wouldn’t happen, I finally managed to fall asleep before sunrise. Food can arouse quite the excitement to one waking anew… the hearty, appetizing smells delicately lingering in a well-stocked kitchen. Awakened from my fleeting brush with sleep, the delectable aroma made its way into my little room. Trying to shake off my fatigue, I walked into the small dining room slowly as I rubbed my eyes. The surprising view of the various foods on the table caused me to come to a halt in the middle of the room. 
Staring, I stood there a moment before I had to admit it. I had no idea what to do next. My fatigue quickly elevated into panic. I was clumsily venturing forward into unfamiliar territory on a kitchen table.Inner survival instincts automatically began to analyze her mood. Many new energies were projecting their activity all over the room. I couldn’t make myself move. 
My mother arrived. Noticing my face, she twists hers concerned. She says nothing. But I could hear her wondering why I was acting like I’d never seen anything in a normal kitchen before. With her hands on her hips she finally she says:
“I’m sure the shock of what your poor little body has been through is still affecting you, Vita Mia.” Her words soothed.Taking my hand, she led me to one of the chairs. 
Luisa believed in keeping her patience and it showed. She waited, helpless and interested in witnessing the awkward way I struggled to get into the chair. With a virtuous kind of grace, she showed me the best way to successfully get me seated. My eyes walked around the room while I waited for her to make me a plate of some of the fruits and delightfully flavorful pastries on the table. 
She wore a proud smile as she sets the plate in front of me, along with a small bowl of porridge. Picking up one of the berries, she indicated for me to watch her put it into the bowl. Remaining quiet, my focus was tense, determined to get everything right on the first try. Once I relaxed, I connected her thoughts to her actions. Lowering my eyes to the food then looking back at her, Ismiled and nodded. She was relieved to see I understood.
We were eating when a brackish wind carried an unfamiliar voice through the window. Barely visible outside, Papa was in a considerate pose. His hands were in his pockets. He was speaking with another man. Not wanting to break the connection with my mother, I gave them only half my attention. 
The man he was conversing with was about the same age as Papa, only slightly taller. Judging from their body language, they appeared to be having a good-humored conversation. Allowing myself to absorb their thoughts, I discovered that the man was another close friend and a good-hearted neighbor. He offered to bring Papa some old clothes that his daughters grew out of. 
Mama wrinkled her face in concern.She watched my behavior as I studied the situation outside. A sharp, electrical stab sent an attention getting jolt to the current of my thoughts. She was staring at me with a confused settlement on her face. Awkward, I grinned and looked down at the bowl sitting in front of me. I knew I was supposed to eat from it with the twisty, metal utensils she handed me. The disillusion closed in on my mind like a sprung trap. 
I waited, forcing myself to concentrate on expressing my appreciation in the same responses as she did. With a motherly smile layered in pity, her voice came to me in soft, soothing timbres. She picked up the spoon and began feeding me. The strange new exciting flavors took a few minutes to get used to, but they were wonderful. Delighted in anticipating my responses, a renewed feeling of hope resonated from her.
It took an agonizing amount of energy to use my voice. I was so insecure about it. I was afraid of being too good. Carefully I’d vocalized each syllable as she did. Her eyes expanded. She gave me other words to practice as she picked up various objects. Her delighted chuckle made its own beautiful harmony in the air. Her face beamed brighter as I repeated first small words, and then small sentences. 
Reentering the house, my father had his own prideful grin. He watched the two of us as he sat down to his breakfast. Connecting with him always gave me the most delight. He had a courageous form of love that generously emanated like floating, mauve tinsel. 
Distracted, I tensed my mouth and tried harder to keep my mind focused on my mother’s instructions. I needed to hide my worry of the future events Emilio was considering. Momentarily closing my eyes, I opened them quick. I could sense my mother’s anxious wish to continue this lesson in language. Her inner voice was quite loud.
With his own ingrained intuition, nothing slipped past Papa’s keen awareness. Half watching us while stirring his porridge, he undoubtedly recognized something was different about the large, round eyed, bony child he brought home. I was catching onto their way of life too fast for a human of my age. His gaze made me nervous. I shifted in my seat, staring back, listening to the things he was afraid to say.
The optimist in him chose to win his mental debate. In the end he decided that I probably was born in Italy, making easy for me to simply remember its language and culture. Satisfied with my growing vocabulary, my mother patted my head, nodded to Emilio, and began clearing the breakfast plates. After watching her shuffle off, Papa got up from the table. 
The warning bells were quiet. His energy color shifted back to a welcoming, amethyst purple.Smiling, he walked over to me. His earth scented leather boots creaked as he kneeled to be at my level. He held his arms out to hold me closer. No one could doubt that he was more than overjoyed to be a father.
Eager to spend time with him and cast my fears aside I stood up, rushing over to receive the solace perpetually offered in his presence. Many of my former memories became hazed. Not this one. The familiarity of his hug is still very much there, as if I fought to hang onto it the most.
(There’s always been a reason for the things I’ve studied. Inside the activity of the brain where both our species share the same attributes, a neuro chemical reaction, both physical and emotional, will trigger experiences related toDeja vous.)People often wonder, where does science stop, and religion begin? In my father’s expression, the love emotion seemed endless. Engaged in a silent communication, Papa and I looked into each other’s eyes.No language needed to understand the conversation. Emotion is universal, an accessible language we all can understand. 
I didn’t want it to end, but he reached totake my hand.He kissed my clammy cheek and took me into the living room. Even in its early stages of development, my gift of foresight was hard for me to ignore. Constantly interrupting, at once the wind was knocked out of me when this particular forethought appeared. Inside came the premonition hardest to ever accept. This was to be the last time I would see my human father alive. 
Robbed of air, I sat on the couch witha blank stare across my face. Tilting his head, my father pondered over my behavior as he rubbed his chin. Without warning, my mind was dense with visions of frightened, bandaged men. They were crawling in the dirt through narrow trenches, calling out inaudible cries for help. Deafening, explosive noises boominside my ears. From an unknown location, the burning smell of gunpowder took over the atmosphere. My mouth trembled as I fought to break free of the hallucination.
Emilio reached to touch my hand and the encounter with the future was gone. Eyes narrowed, searching back and forth I glanced around the room. Not finding an answer for the daydream, I let my attentionrest on him.Frowning, my worried brow revealed my troubled mood. Unable to find another solution, I reached out and grabbed him to hug him tight.My whole body trembled, desperate to possess him as one would a coveted object.
Papa caressed my hair, assuming I was just a nervous child. He used a language-frequency; similar yet different to the one he used with the adults. He looked carefree as he spoke to me of the journey he was about to go on. He swore to bring me beautiful clothes, along with a bright darling doll to play with. As he spoke, I cuddled against him, wondering why I didn’t see any of this in the vision.
The clinking and clanking of the breakfast dishes being washed seemed to play in rhythm with my mother’s humming. The panic of time diminishing with my protector was pulling me into despair. Unable to focus, I looked to searching for an answer in my father’s face.
Feeling my steely gaze, he smiled down to me, pretending not to notice my melancholy. His dark brown hair was trimmed short, military style, and just barely grown past his ears. There are years of sun damage tanned upon his peaceful, round face. His eyes radiated a dark sandalwood brown. 
Forcing myself to smile back was hard. I wanted to express the cyclone of emotions running through me. Keeping him home was imperative. I had to use to best solutions. Hoping to use my magnetism, along with the gift of my extraordinary voice, I requested his full attention. In a confident stance, I pointed to his chest. 
“Papa.” I said. I signified to him that I understood its meaning. 
Emilio’s eyes lit up. Twenty-four hours ago, I didn’t speak a word. With proud delight, he grinned back. My confidence was naive, I started to believe my idea was working. My mother was quietly standing in the doorway, watching us with saucer-like eyes. Clapping her hands together like cymbals, she let out an unexpected, joyful shriek. Covering her mouth, her eyes smiled but she said nothing more, hoping our interaction continued. Inside, I heard her encouraging me to keep speaking.
“Yes,” Emilio answered and nodded. His eyes expressed his gratitude for being gifted this moment. The joy radiated from him like a solar burst from the sun. He was expecting it to take many months for me to acknowledge him in this way. 
“Papa.” Grinning from ear to ear, he repeated. I paused; it gave his thoughts an unwanted momentum.
In between the calm of the wake, his other plans rebooted themselves. Halfheartedly, his mind returned to his Naval preparations. It wasn’t going to be easy, I heard him telling himself. Receiving these messages, I blinked, unsure of what to do. Biting my lip, I couldn’t stop my body from stiffening. I wrinkled my face as I moved to seize him again. Trying to hide my face, I wrapped my arms around his warm body. 
On the outside it looked like a natural childhood reaction. It was my only way of communicating. Sensing my unexplained anxiety, he looked to my mother. She shrugged as she played with her hands.With a puzzled frown, Emilio picked me up and rubbed my back.Keeping his voice low, he reminded Mama of how she was going to have to continue applying lotions to my sensitive skin. Turning his attention back to me he smiled, rocking me back and forth in the old blue-checkered armchair.
A stirring swell of anger entered my heart. Loathing myself for not being able to stop the inevitable, I kept my eyes closed and chewed my bottom lip. The time was too short. Gentle, silent, Emilio picked me up and gave me a kiss me on the cheek before setting me back in the chair. Feeling the need to enjoy every second, he paused. With a hopeful smile he continued looked down at me, a pleased yet forsaken expression. Inhaling heavily, he caressed my hair before walking into the kitchen to meet with my mother. Trying to keep my breathing steady, I watched her follow behind him. 
 My mind felt frozen, shut down, overloaded from trying to take in too much. Before I regained control, they walked into the living room together.Their voices were somber,occupied in the dreaded conversation of war, and the ship he was to be leaving on very soon. Scrunching my face and holding my hands together, I looked from him to her, unclearof which to focus on. Their energies appeared to be trying to become one.
It was confusing, uncomfortable to watch my mother fight the tears as they spoke. I was beginning to understand where the water came from. It was their emotional results that I didn’t like. Her beautiful serene face crumpled, overburdened by her devastation. Grabbing his vest, she hugged him tight, burying her face into his shoulder to hide her shaky breathing. Even through the daze I was in, I remembered him telling her to take very good care of me, that I was a special little girl and to make sure nothing ever happened to me.




chapter 4 LIFE FOR WAR


“Emilio, I will never question God’s reason for sending this little girl to us. It doesn’t matter how or why.” Biting her lip Mama Luisa paused, wanting to whisper a prayer. 
“That’s not important.” Mama’s lips started to tremble.She smiled anyway.
“I will always cherish his miracle for us.” 
Gazing toward me, she wiped at her eyes with a white cloth. Feeling her need for support, I smiled to her. All the while, I was too easily distracted. Moving around her body, my eyes wanted to observehowher energy field grew after my positive feedback.
With the softest endearment, my father then took her face in his hands. He kissed her, long and gentle. The electric gaze they enjoyed locked their souls together. Their love appeared to be empowering and impenetrable. Still feeling like a foreigner, I felt it best to sit quietly and pay attention.
The light their souls created made me squint in order to continue observing it. Its molecular compound moved fast, making it difficult to process. Its sensational mass reached out, threatening to blind the entire room. The intensity of this kind of energy was almost too frightening.
Though there are stories about it in books and legends, I’ve never encountered another loving relationship as pure as the one my human parents shared. Emilio looked at her one last time before retreating to their bedroom. The blinding light faded. We hear him collecting his bag and his few needed supplies. 
When he was out of sight I ran to my mother. I felt the water wanting to come out of my eyes. Instead I let my impulses grip at her apron tightly. Clung to her hip, frightened by her pain, insecure by my own worrying, I felt like I was holding us together.Mama was using the last of her strength. 
Keeping a benign expression, shelooked down and smoothed my hair. Even as she struggled with her fears, her eyes remained kind and appreciative. In response, I raised my head from her white apron so that our eyes could meet. As we searched each other, I felt that emotion of love meant for me again. Grateful for the pressure it relieved, I inhaled it to the fullest. Looking down, resting my head on her, I gave her stomach a gentle pat.
“Mama.” Giving her a knowing smile, I declared.
With wide eyes my mother briefly recoiled an inch or two. For a human, Mama wasn’t a very tall person. Her mouth dropped open as she raised her hands to her face. Her face then shifted to a happy smile. Resting her hands on her knees, she bent down to my level. Overjoyed, sheagain spoke to me in that beautiful, romantic, Italian language again. 
“My my child,” Mamawas pleased to exclaim. 
“You seem to be picking up speaking very fast.” Raising herself again, she stopped to brush her hand across the hair in my face.
If only it was to last. My attempt to keep the positive alive was short lived. I could almost smell the grey energy lurking oncewe watched my father reenter the room. It was hard not to look,but the sullen cloud made its disgusting form and began to riseabove us. Papa shuffled his feet.On his arm he carried a standard green, military, duffle bag.
 With her hands clenched into a tight ball, Mama’s face twisted into an inescapable panic. In pity, my emotions intermingled with hers.The jolt I received from her impulse to rush over to him was like hundreds of stinging bees at once. Instead, Mama stayed behind me. She wrapped her arms around my shoulders. Emilio stopped at the door to say goodbye. 
The three of us stood lingering near the door, consumed by the dismal, auric clouds we had created. Mama’s face was a testimony of her pain. Somehow, I managed to make the first move. Alone I summoned the energy to take my mother by the hand and lead her to the door where Emilio waited. 
Watching us with his hands folded, Papa prepared himself. Keeping his anguish well hidden, he sat his bag down. Half awkward, he reaches out to take hold of Mama’s shaking hands. He took his time as he kissed each of them. His eyes beheld his truth as Papa reminded her of how much he loved her. The bright, expanding energy around him confirmed his virtuous declaration. He swore to return as soon as he could. I respected the sincerity toward his intentions. Promising to write us every day, we knew he meant it. In all honesty, I believe he was the only man that I have ever fully trusted. 
The softness never left his voice. Mama could no longer hold back the tears. They pushed themselves out like glass marbles to roll down her cheeks. Hearing hervoice shake as she told Emilio how she will love him forever, never loving another if he didn’t return, made my heart ache. Shifting my feet, I gave them an uncomfortable glance before staringat the ground. Keeping my hair in my face, I studied the two of them without making it obvious. 
This enigmatic emotion of love, with its multiple variant layers of meaning, was turning out to be entirely too complex for me to fully want to process.‘It was going to take forever to figure out,’ I concluded. Though the feeling was so simple and pure, it filled me with frustration. I wanted to understand its purpose. 
Not knowing that this will be the last time, Emilio stooped down to look at me. “Take very good care of this lady for me, my darling.” Cooing to me, he pointed to Luisa.
“And she will always take care of you. Always try to be a good girl.” Standing up, he gave me his bravest smile. 
In a rough motion, I tilted my head to one side. The golden wisps of my bangs swept across my face. My eyes pleaded to him to help me understand. In the distance we heard the low ring of the St Mark’s church bell. 
My father looked up to gaze towards its resonating call. Releasing a heavy sigh, he reached for his bag. Once more my mother grabbed him. Hugging him as tight as she could, she begged him to safely come home to us. He caressed her face as he reassured her once more. You could see the agony their eyes went through when they finally broke away from each other. 
Taking a deep breath, he smiled, nodded, and tipped his hat. And then he opened the door to begin his last journey down our stony path. Mamma and I stood in the doorway together, watching him while the wet tears stained our cheeks. Her warm hand was on my back. 
“Well Mari my darling,” Mama sighed and wiped her eyes. Her stare refused to stop following my father’s fading shape, making its slow descent from our view. 
“It’s just you and me for a while,” she confirmed. 
Her attempt to sound hopeful was in vain. ‘War must be a terrifying event,’ I remember thinking. Biting my lip, I gave her a nervous glance. I needed to give her some kind of comforting response in return. Turning around, I wrapped my arms around her waist again. Barely responsive, she just continued stared at the road. Disappointed, I breathed slow and pondered for other ideas to make her good-feeling energies come back. 
Her disheartened vibration road blocked my awareness, but I forced myself to focus. Searching her memories, I looked for a way to distract her; to cheer her up. The gray clouds were gaining power. I could feel it trying to allow itself to inhabit my thoughts. I had to get rid of it. 
Closing my eyes, I was beginning to realize that I was an adult soul in a child’s body, dealing with adult problems.And soon I’d be able to successfully execute adult solutions. Be damned my feelings of disassociation in times when my loved ones are in need. I was going to find the cure.
“Mama.” I murmured to her. I patted her stomach. My eyes were still closed. Mama said nothing.
**************************************
My mother’s noble efforts were admirable, yet she still wasn’t able to hide her depression. One needn’t be a natural empath to notice the change in her. Gone was her spark of enthusiasm. It was replaced with a dispirited association in the way she trudged through her daily routine. She slouched more, as if a heavy burden constantly clung to her back. 
Her smile was forced, presenting itself only in situations where she felt like she was expected to. Her graceful eyes lost their beautiful shine. I was forever catching her staring at the road with a distant, downhearted gaze. Absently she wandered through her days, there but not there. 
In the beginning I made every effort to cure her. In arrogance I believed that I could. I took care to remember everything that made her happy or made her laugh, anything that brought her energy vibration up. Over time I began to realize, when her positive energy was thriving, mine grew stronger. 
To prove my cleverness, I dazzled her with how quickly I made progress. I found that surprising her brought about some of the best hyper intensive forces. I got in the habit of retrieving things she requested minutes before she asked, just to get better results. I grew hungry for the happy energy. I found myself constantly plotting ways to provoke more of it.
Waking in the night to her crying through those heart wrenching prayers never got easy. Covering my ears was useless. It was the physical ‌tropism‌ that the sounds caused. The needle-like stings her negative energy released hurt me worse than my skin condition ever could. The vibrations from her sobs echoed through my ears, causing a thudding ringing sound. Many times, it gave me headaches. 
This corruption of cosmic chaos forced me to climb into her bed with intentions to shush her. Providing her with some kind of comfort seemed the only way to make my pain stop. When I tried to ignore her, I’d lay in bed tormented; fighting guilt-laden urges to harm her. Gradually I’d surrender, exhausted from failure and pain. Under the skillfully embroidered quilts passed onto her by her grandmother, I shielded myself. If I couldn’t make the noise stop, I’d fall asleep crying with her. 
Try as I may, I never had much success with cheering humans up. The failure to provide Luisa with any kind of effective consoling, only added to my self-loathing. I suppose since we are endowed with the instinct of eating your kind, it was never in my nature to heal humans in the first place. 
It took me longer than my parents’ lifetime time to comprehend the depth and strength of the bond they shared. I went through decades of books, written by many supposed experts. All of them were filled with theories and explanations about such connections between two humans. Their favorite and most familiar term was soul mates. 
Ultimately in the short time the three of us had together, it still remains the best description for what I experienced between my mortal parents. Every day with her while my father was gone, Mama truly acted as if a part of her soul was missing. Some important piece of her vitality had been taken, leaving her with only the illusory faith of renewing.
*************************************
There was a lot tension visiting the marketplace at first. Luisa didn’t even make it to one destination before having to take me home. The outside world was a commotion of all the senses having to work together among so many sights, sounds, and smells. The overabundance of activities was so overwhelming that I’d start to cry. My poor frantic mother was unable to console me, and I had no idea how to explain to her what was going on physically. We knew that my outrageous behavior was the talk of many a hidden whisper of gossip. 
No matter their disturbing thoughts, the townspeople were still bold enough to stop and smile as we walked past the cheerfully painted homes, café’s, and shops. I wanted their beautiful colors and shapes to soothe me in a way I was yet to understand. The long, hot summer walks down the dusty paths had me yearning for the feel of a cooler, wetter environment at times. One year we visited family in Porto Fino. ‘I read it was once called Portus Delphini A.K.A. Port of the Dolphin.’
Thank God the elaborate story the Captain, and my father spread around worked. As it was unavoidable to hide, everyone in the close-knit community eventually noticed me. I’ll never know for certain whether it was out of pity, or an uncontrollable magnetism.They couldn’t resist the call to accept me. 
Right away I noticed the difference between my vision and the humans. Everywhere we walked there was life.There were these… frames of energy, intermingling and fluctuating in color as they wrap around its chosen object, like an elongated halo. Everything had them, trees, people, buildings. These illustrious photogenic presentations often happened in swift waves. As I grew more disciplined, I learned to relax and focus, repelling seeing them.
My mother was from a traditional heredity of strict, orderly women. Their routines circulated around a daily devotion to their faith. As with custom, she had me baptized right away. Through joyful tears, she went about blustering to those dear friends who attended; how she wished Emilio could have been there for it. 
The days we were not employed to work, we spent at church. The bliss of her excitement after attending the morning offering more than sustained my internal, parasitic, hunger. It was good for her to want to get out of the house again. Once a week we ended up having lunch with someone. When there were children to play with, I did my best to fit in, to learn to act as they did.
 Luisa reveled in fulfilling both her maternal, and spiritual duty.While teaching me the revered prayers to Mother Mary, and of the many important saints of our culture, she always wore a prideful pose. In these sanctified lessons she took the most care, making sure I understood our holy scriptures. Religion was always, above everything else.
Prepping me for school seemed a frequent worry of hers too. Visions of broken revelations into her own traumatizing experiences as a young girl sometimes appeared to me during our lessons. The older boys teased her when she got older. The strict schoolteachers, ever hovering and sometimes too eager with their rulers to smack a small hand. Childhood is both cruel and alleviating. 
We never missed a communion, confession, or mass. A great deal of the time I spent sitting in one of the pews alone. Although the townspeople were attracted to me, they still felt safer keeping their distance from me. Ignoring them, I relished the perfumed incense.Positioned with my hands virtuously clasped in prayer became my favorite time of the day. There was a lot of stored, powerful energy for me there. 
How my eyes liked to wander that great holy place. The mathematical, artistic, precision; brought to life by those dedicated to the creation of such magnificent statues simply fascinated me. Their arbitrating eyes watched over our cathedral while they stood guard.
One fateful day I discovered an unknown deadly weapon I possessed. Once it was revealed, there was no going back. Entertaining my mother with my immeasurably perfect voice, arose her emotions to the highest positive vibrations I’d ever seen before in an individual person.My intent was meant to be innocent,an empathic, sensitive child, longing to care for her caretaker. Before we knew what was happening it became a dangerous acquisition, speeding its way into an imminent fatal ending. 
There it began, an inescapable, alluring sensation, with the power to commit murder.The power of my singing. Caught in my own enchantment, I watched the arms of the dark matter pulling at Mama, drawing her in. Locked into a chilling, empty stare, her eyes became like glass. 
During my performance of Ave Maria,Mama sat motionless. She behaved as if her mind had been removed, as if she were unable to distinguish where she was. Like a sick criminal I was gaining some type of pleasure from it. Fearful and guilty, I began having feelings of remorse. I enjoyed singing more than anything. Risking her disappointment, I’d start singing off key. It kept her somewhat happy, and also safe.
Every Wednesday our hearts were allowed to be lighter. My father’s letters came without fail. He wrote of the war, and how well our allies were faring. We’d delight in how he wanted to keep the conversation amusing and pleasant. He always sent me playful poems. Many turned out to be nothing more than prolific, Italian fairy tales. Some were about me, about the sea, about happier times and places. 
To my mother he made certain to renew his promises of reuniting. From the way her face lit up, blushing and giggling, he must have included many amorous terms of flattery as well. Surely, she was cherishing what it was like to be a lovesick young girl again. Her aura glowed the bright at these times, and I was happy to bask in it.
In those few, true happy moments I was privileged to further witness how strong their love was. Sometimes emotional energy can be uncontrollably overwhelming, overcharged, and perpetually exhausting at the same time.Especially anything that originates from love, hate, sadness, or fear. 
The joy my mother felt from reading those cherished pieces of paper, created a brilliant wave of light that cleansed darkness from every corner of the room. Seeing her like that inspired me to try to extinguish the vision of him never returning. I needed to try to be optimistic of his homecoming. This is one of the many actions love seems to cause us to do,unconditional, sacrificial, absent of judgment, never faltering, pure love. 



chapter  5 Wine Life


The devastating effects of war took its toll on our little town. After almost three and a half years, nearly half of our population was absent, deceased, or missing. Is this where it all starts, social discord? And from the destruction of war, poverty grew, becoming so overwhelming that all well and able-bodied children stopped going to school. Everyone must work or starve.
One of my mother’s friends helped us get jobs at a massively lush and productive vineyard. Every morning we had to get up early. Attentive to continuing my tutoring, Mama Luisa made us a large breakfast as we went over arithmetic lessons. When we were done, she’d pack the rest for lunch and ready us for the long walk. The property was huge, intimidating; containing adequate, mass space for both building, and farmland. The grand establishment was properly set up to begin distilling the favored drink of our heritage. 
Being so young, I worked in a smaller patch of the farm with the other younger ones. After a while, I was strong enough to help ferry the baskets of harvested fruits on their way to be mashed for the fermentation process. On the days when the sun became unbearable, I was made to work inside cleaning the equipment. The other children were cruel about my special treatment. I kept the bloody noses a secret from my mother. 
She needed me to be strong. I never complained about the anguish those wicked boys induced upon me when they got the chance. Their mean jokes and hateful remarks became routine. They taught the smaller ones to steal my bonnet and pull my hair; to throw dirt at me while calling me names. If they succeeded in provoking a reaction, that gave them a reason to hit me. 
I learned to stand there in silence, my hands covering my face. Sometimes the adults would take notice. It was best to wait for the torment to be over and then to go back to work. Causing any kind of disruptive issue would bring Mama more shame. She didn’t need the extra grief. For almost three years we were lucky enough to work there. Unfortunately, the long-term effects to my skin started to become a major problem. The lotion she created no longer healed my wounds fast enough.
Mama turned out to be an excellent seamstress. The material was usually thick with a heavy feel, accompanied by long sleeves, and high wide collars to keep the sun out. She tried sewing a veil on the wide brimmed hat I had to wear. She ended up removing it when it drew too much attention. Still, she fashioned many wonderful dresses for me to wear. I wanted to be proud of them, even as one of the boys pushed me into the dirt. The others threw grapes at me for standing up to them.
The nightly baths after being at the vineyard all day were not as painful as the failure to help my mother keep her job. I was doomed to be the reason she lost it. It was too time consuming to stop work in order to care for my abnormal skin condition. No one spoke of it, but some of the workers reported the fights with the other children. She had to stop taking me all together. For a while she was able to keep a babysitter, until the babysitter began to complain of headaches. She took on doing laundry for a while.
**************************************
The day of my father’s death still unearths terrible scars upon the unhealed parts of my memory. The emotions associated with the shrill sound of my mother’s cry in the dead of night were as amplified as her voice. In desperate failure I attempted to cover my ears, frantic and determined to escape the energy in her pain.
My heart felt as if it had been set ablaze by a catastrophic force of augmented agony. From her screams, there was nowhere to run. My life force punctured through hers. The images instantly filled my mind. I began to see a solemn soldier standing in her doorway; his worn green hat tucked under his arm, extending the other, offering a simple white envelope. 
Existing within the entire compelling scene was the raw power of emotion. The monstrosity that brought the terror. Shuddering under my blanket, I overheard my mother’s thoughts. I wanted to run to her. I wasn’t supposed to know though. 
Conflicted with decisions I remained there, observing my heartbeat. Oftentimes my anxiety flared and sparked colors that fought for domination within themselves. Scanning my surroundings, the room seemed smaller, almost like it were moving inward. My existence felt very miniscule, as if I was nothing more than a commodity. My mother’s voice resonated through the cracked dim walls, murmuring ritualistically in prayer. 
 I was boxed into an alternate perception. I’m not sure how long I crouched there until my mother finally came. She was sniffling and carrying a red handkerchief. Through the shadows, I could see how puffy her eyes were. As she walked in, she didn’t seem to know where she was. Approaching the bed, she says nothing. 
Still very frightened I looked up at her with my eyes half closed. Her face was robbed of expression. Bending down, she kissed my forehead. The room seemed colder than it should have been. Picking up my blue checkered quilt, she climbed into bed, making a small grunting noise as she did. Sighing, she moved her arms to cradle me.
“Oh, Marietta, my darling. I hope I haven’t frightened you.” Mama whispered in a worried pitch.
“No Mama.” I lied. 
“I’m okay.” Clenching my eyes, I swore at myself for having to pay penance later. 
“Are you okay?” I managed to ask.
“Yes, my darling.” She murmured as she rocked me back and forth, petting my tousled blonde hair. 
“It was only a bad dream,” she concluded in a faraway voice.
I wanted to ask her what dreams were, but I worried that it wasn’t an appropriate question. Shouldn’t I have dreams too if I were a human? Instead, I allowed myself to go into her mind, to see if I could find some kind of suitable definition through her thoughts and memories. 
Absorbing all the stored information in her memory regarding dreams I remained quiet, resting myself against her. She was singing softly, unaware of my mental intrusion. Her white tearstained nightgown brushed across my face while I contemplated this new information to process. She stopped and rubbed my back a few times. I knew what was coming next. 
“Come child, let’s get down on our knees and pray before going back to sleep.” Mama exposed a heavy smile, along with a heavier sigh.
“You can sleep with me if you want.” 
She always said that when she didn’t want to sleep alone. Except she was too proud of a person to make this statement any other way. Obediently, we got out from under the warmth of my blankets to kneel beside the bed. It was traditional for her heritage to make the sign of a cross across our chests before bowing our heads and clasping our hands together for prayer. I mimicked the words to the psalm in time with hers. Yet my mind wandered, following this sense of unrepairable dread that was filling my heart.
Beautiful and pristine, this religion that Mama’s heritage so devotedly gave their lives to still confused me. I invoked its principles anyway. Something within it felt good. I wanted so much to belong with them. For my species this kind of blind faith never made any logical sense. And somewhere inside, that idea was still ingrained within me. 
Soon fall began showing its early signs of chillier, morning air. My mother was up a little earlier than usual, preparing a cozy fire in the cinder-stained fireplace. Shivering from the damp room, I got up to wrap a light, blue robe around me. Going to the table, I heard her bustling around in the kitchen. With last night’s dreams fresh in my memory, I felt compelled to draw them.
It only took a careless mistake, brought on by mental exhaustion. Too tired to pay attention, I drew the boat my father found me on better than I should have for my age. Normally I kept the pictures hidden, stored for only me to lament. It wasn’t until I heard the clang of the large metal spoon that I knew she was watching me.
Observing in awe, Mama stared at that cursed piece of paper. The trance I was in left me not knowing how long she’d been there. She was witnessing the birth of a beautifully skilled masterpiece by the hand of her daughter, the newest of the great renaissance artists. My breath became sporadic. Locking up, I stopped drawing immediately and set my pencil down.
She must have known for some time I was different. I couldn’t deny that I was different, and it never stopped frightening me. I wanted so much to fit in and be like the human children. Always remaining aware of how to imitate their behavior and vocabulary, I made certain to never show any signs of my wretchedly burdening higher skills.
Their off-handed rejection served to aid my frustration for wanting to change what I was. Watching the immaculate exchanges of energy around people, collaborating and creating a state of their own happiness gave me one of the best feelings. I wanted to be liked. I loved them, and I enjoyed their way of life. I wanted to be accepted, to be able to enjoy it with them. 
Looking at Mama’s aslant face I knew I’d really crossed the normal line this time. And it was abundantly clear. Sighing, I waited in fear of what she was going to say. Her eyes widened as they rambled across the page. Filled with overcrossing emotions, Mama simply stood there staring down at the boat. After a moment, she removed her hands from her mouth.
“Marietta,” she whispered. “You have such a talent that rivals Michelangelo!” 
That was it. No more hard labor, no more harsh words from the boys who loved to make my life hell. Her new ideas frightened me. Quickly, I began to read what she was thinking. She wanted to send me to a “better” school. Wincing, I was slow to reopen my eyes. That meant being away from her and the home I was in love with. When she opened her mouth, I knew what she was about to say. I was deciding whether or not to retreat to my room when we heard the door. 



chapter  6 THE FUNERAL


It was exactly like my mother’s dream. Hearing the approaching footsteps, I stood up. Turning to Mama, my face drained of color. I said nothing. I wanted to be wrong. Shielding the drawing from her, my face became overshadowed by an angry confusion. Surprised, Mama raised her eyebrows while she looked down at me. It wasn’t like me to get angry. I felt bad almost as instantly as I felt upset. 
In frustration, I crinkled my face and the picture. Without thinking, I threw the paper into the fire. That was what I had to express about going to school. Mama’s face went from bewilderment and surprise, to astonished horror. 
It was my survival response to want to keep up the facade that I was as human as they are. And there I was, finally behaving like a real human child, only she failed to understand why I was acting out. The customary reaction for a human after being given such praise would have been to feel proud. There was no way for me to do that, not when I knew where her pride and praise were leading to. 
And how easier it would be for her when I was gone? I imagined.She’d no longer have the extra burden of taking care of me. It was too much in the same time scenario, the approaching soldier, the frightening thought of school and leaving my mother. The emotions were rushing at me fast, clouding my head. Unsure, I glared at her. 
The first knock made my stomach leap, the second had me looking toward the door. Immediately my eyes snapped back to her before running to my room. I threw myself on the bed. Mama’s face stopped in mid-response. I heard her muttering, annoyed at the timing of the visit. Her tired feet moved her to the door. Then, silence again. 
I knew what he was here for, and I didn’t want to hear it. Staring at my closed door, I clamped my hands over my ears as tight as possible. If only I could also escape my mind, actively finding its way into the living room. The subconscious wanted to come to terms with what the troubled officer had to announce.
The younger man had been a friend of my father’s. They watched out for each other in the dreadful trenches, which by now had claimed many lives. I waited for my mother to scream. I could hear how much she wanted to in her head. She didn’t. Perhaps her dream was preparation enough. Pressing my face to my pillow I wept for the longest time, until my energy was drained. 
I don’t remember falling asleep. I was angry that I did because I wanted to apologize for my outburst. I woke up around noon to her rubbing my back, her face red and puffy from crying, trying to form some look of comfort for me. I sat up slowly, too ashamed to look her in the face. 
“I’m sorry, Mama.” The tears welled up and threatened to spill again. “I’m sorry for everything.” 
“You know he’s gone, don’t you?” She asked in a flat, grave voice. “Were you listening to what was going on?” 
 Agreeing to the lie, I nodded. Blinking quickly, her next thought disturbed me. Yet I fearfully obeyed. Before I let her say it, I knew to get out of bed and kneel in prayer for my father’s soul. She was beginning to realize how uncomfortable religion made me. Licking her lips, she tried to smile before joining me.
Somewhere in the maternal zone of her heart she was accepting it. On a frequent basis I looked through the contents of her mind. It was essential to know how she felt about my reactions to their religion. I wanted to believe it would keep us together. Of course, to her I was just another human child. She seemed to enjoy telling me that religion was complex and mysterious. 
“Our father, which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name…” 
When we finished, she brought me a dreadful looking, lifeless, black dress from her storage. Another keepsake from her mother’s collection. Reluctantly I put it on while she discussed the traditions of mourning and funeral rites. My soul felt the permanent emptiness in hers. Its pain felt like it was killing me. I wanted to hurl it as far away from me as possible. 
And then like an electric pulse, my anger returned. My heart felt like it was burning through my chest, uncontrollable and more rapid than I had time to acknowledge. Something unseen and unconsumed was changing inside my biological chemistry. A strange, spidery tingling sensation began at the top of my neck. It then made its descent down my spinal column, branching out as it went. Biting my lip, I could actually feel my nerves speaking to each other, this time it was in a new way... 
Traditional family funerals capture my amazement by being both awestriking and puzzling at the same time. The grand production of it all. Crisp spotless costumes, the immaculate, ceremonial comportment, the forever well thought, well-written prayers. Of course, it hasnow been discovered that funerals of before, and after history are for other religions so much the same, only with a different cast. 
I was never able to change Mama again. After the night of her vision, I think she knew he was dead the moment she woke up. Many times, when I looked into her eyes thereafter, it was like there was no brain activity behind them. No spark of spirit nor essence of soul to trace. Though I barely knew Papa, I felt as if a part of me were also dying.
Yearning, I had to deal with my deficiency for that bright, nourishing energy. The beautiful light in her wasn’t coming back. With her vitality snuffed out, she was nothing more than a haunted shell that once housed a glorious being. Listless, she carried out her daily routines in life because she had to. She was a great force at willing herself to continue her preparations for sending me to school. Except in its wake, I was left feeling rejected. 
 Whether it could be described as fate or not, it seemed like everything in my life was directing me to the unavoidable goal, living with my aunt and uncle. Fortuned by their success in a much larger and prosperous town, I would have everything an intelligent, talented girl needed that my mother could not provide. She seemed to be getting very sick, too.
After the funeral she spoke carefully to them, her empty voice shaky and pleading, her energy field emitting a dark swollen pulsing shade of midnight. She quickly explained with great detail the extensiveness of her dilemma, the trouble with keeping a job. 
My aunt’s dark eyebrows raised with great interest when Luisa mentioned the advanced details in the drawing of my father’s ship. Art was her passion. Her thoughts cultivated into ideas for plans of enjoying helping me to master my skill. It was just my bad luck (if you believe in such things) that my aunt fell in love with my magnetism straightaway. 
A tall and lanky, modest man, my uncle’s purpose was education. Though it wasn’t the best pay, he found the fulfillment he strove for in molding young minds to their greatest potential.Looking from my mother to me, he kept his hands busy, visually explaining the way he ran things in his home. He did most of the speaking.
Biting my tongue, I kept my head down, trying not to be angry with them. (I was beginning to dislike the recklessness associated with this emotion.) In desperation, I diverted myself into seeking some spur of positive energy close by to soothe my starvation. Not easy in a cemetery. 
After the exhale of a weak sigh, I returned my attention back to ‘listening’ to what my family was thinking. Reluctant, I forced myself to admit that leaving would be better for my mother. She was constantly getting sick, fevered. I’d become both burden and a bittersweet reminder of lost love. 
Anger can make life very dark. That darkness in me was something I’ve fought long and hard to control. This impulsive, sporadic response manifests itself in an instant, like a crashing wave against the briny rocks before dissipating as fast as its arrival. For me it was an inconsistent continuity. An uncontrollable recklessness. 
How I made many children cry with it. As a child it was justified as a natural temper tantrum, though there were never many. Afterward, guilt always followed, then self-driven hours of prayer and penance. Sometimes my mother stood by, worrying over this adult-like response. Often, she quietly joined me, as if to lighten the load of my self-blame.



chapter  7 SCHOOL LIFE


The day we left was deplorable, confusing, and altogether draining. It was a too long, and noisy ride back to where my aunt and uncle lived. Numb, wishing not to make it worse, my mother stood in the doorway, clutching a damp, white handkerchief. Tears dried to her face as she waved goodbye. 
Clinging to my favorite blanket, savored with its well-preserved scent of my father was the savior from my sorrow. I watched her round, sobbing figure growing smaller. The further we got from my wonderful first experience of a home, the darker I began to feel. All I could think about was the fear that my father’s memory would remain there with that place. Shivering, I covered my head with the green blanket my father first wrapped me in.
Unfortunately, my mother’s hope was lost. Trying to get to know my cousins beforehand didn’t really help. I’m not sure what I looked like to them. Covered in a shroud as I attempted to approach, they nervously turned around and talked among themselves, occasionally casting sympathetic glances in my direction. 
Aunt Olivia and Uncle Michael had two daughters and two sons of their own. Still dressed in our stiffly pressed mourning clothes, we were all miserably hot as he drove the buggy on. Hiding the pain was exhausting. The material from the dress was not kind to my skin. Introductions were made at the funeral. Still they had no interest in getting to know me. One of the boys nervously used the word ‘freak.’
Anna, the eldest, was a narrow faced, tall, angular girl who looked like she was awkward in her own body. This was most obvious by her jerky, clumsy movements, as if the insecurities she beheld on the inside were able to manifest themselves to the outside. 
She spoke solely with her father for the majority of the ride, cautiously leering at me. It was an obvious indication of what was dominating their conversation. Sitting closest to her father’s ear was ensuring some feeling of safety for her. Her body tightly guarded its energy source well. 
Cassie, the youngest, wasn’t more than two. Her pastel pink energy with its simplistic innocence was my personal coveted heaven. It gave me strength while struggling to endure the tension circulating the others. Riding on her mother’s lap, I kept my focus on her as she attempted to communicate with her limited speech. Restless and growing bored, her tiny body squirmed for a bit of independence. Her dark shiny curls carelessly danced and swayed to the rhythm of the buggy’s motion. 
I am very glad for the chances I got to interact with Cassie during the troubling years ahead. Many times, just reading to her, feeling her unforced, free flowing happiness enabled temporary relief. When the rest of the family slept, I poured out all of my tears over prayers. Cassie became a quick fix for my energy consumption addiction.
Being rejected by Anna meant that I was destined to spend more time with the boys than the girls. Sometimes their distracting, on the town adventures permitted me to escape the tensions of the house. Such an emotional liberation, to go on exciting experiences in the outside world. 
Not only did these secret adventures help to heal the part of me that longed to become friends with Anna, they fulfilled an inner need to the request of my mother. It was one of her prayers for me, to finally be able to engage with children without trouble. The acceptance of my cousin’s friends gave my consciousness some small success to share with her.
Short and stoutly built, raven-haired Oliver was the same age as me, although I far surpassed him in what humans like to call “soul years.” His dark, bead-like eyes were shaped in such a way as to give him the appearance of always smiling.
Sound must have been very attracted to him because he was quite noisy even when he didn’t want to be. His energy held a magnetic kind of clumsiness we all tried to avoid. Often, I found myself quietly chuckling about it as I observed him. Headstrong and rambunctious, he was always following his older brother Nero around. I could sense Nero’s annoyance with Oliver at times, when the younger brother’s actions reflected his reverent idolizing of everything Nero did. 
The times they spent with certain older boys, I was not allowed to participate in. Traditionally, it was immoral for a signorina to be in the company of boys that aren’t family members. This was only excused when the family chose to chaperone the couple in an effort of courtship.
Regrettably, this left me to find other psychosomatic fuel alternatives. Feasible yet limited, the uneasy gist of this family arrangement lasted seven years, providing best, b the ability to satisfy my lust for breathing up their happy moments. Eventually the effort to be as ‘good to them as possible’ became despairing. It’s not easy to admit, but if something isn’t meant to be, you can’t change it.
Luisa warned them of my skin condition, hoping to prepare them for the severity of it. Whenever we left the house, my mother kept the worst parts in bandages. Large, open sores sometimes formed near the cracks splitting open skin. Walking around dressed like a shrouded figure during the summers gave way to accepting that I could never be normal. 
Even with the long sleeves and the unusual veil, the cruelty of the sun found its way through the material. Though I became experienced at hiding my agony for her sake, the merciless heat drilled into my flesh, relentlessly reopening the tiny spreading cuts. Over time, some of them led to forming fractal-like patterns. 
It only took one glance from Anna. With her mouth open, gawking and disgusted,she could make anyone feel like a monster. Attempting to lower my head while my aunt examined me didn’t stop them from noticing the tears. Olivia did her best to provide some comfort. She glared a warning at her unkind daughter. The sympathetic energy her pity created only made things feel worse. Recoiling from its advance, I winced as if its auric touch were the force of hundreds of stinging insects. I had to resist the urge to escape her. 
By the time I was ten, I could read, write, and speak seven languages fluently. Never dragging one syllable, always enunciating any accent requested with perfect clarity. I also began to realize that the more I had to interact with the humans, the more urgent it became to teach myself to repeltheir wandering strands of energy. I had to accept that whatever was wrong with me wasn’t affecting anyone else. No one else ever noticed the floating trails of colored light, following people wherever they went. Once I was able to read, I was determined to find answers.
Anna was becoming an expert at permanently scarring me. Her unconcealed envy stung far worse than any amount of pity or sadness ever could. There were times I felt strangled by the power of her contempt. Regardless of my obvious oddities, the others accepted of me. The boys once told me that Anna had been causing problems long before I showed up. 
My mother and I wrote to each other every week. I kept the letters as cheerful as possible without sounding too fictitious. As much as I wanted to go home, never did I give her a reason to worry or regret her decision. I knew if I went back, I’d be the cause of her eventual death. 
In the last few weeks at home, absorbing her depression was becoming dangerous. Inside our simple walls, I was getting desperate enough to end our shared pain by doing her fatal harm. A malicious urge creeping closer to the surface. The emotions were too strong, I wasn’t paying attention to the changes. 
It wasn’t hard to convince Mama that everything was fine.I’ve always been a good liar; I just hate doing it. I felt sorry for the people I encountered because I have such an easy advantage. I’d set my intention to project the proper emotionally charged energy. The person I wanted to deceive had no idea that what they were feeling was being falsely imprinted on them. If I wanted to force someone to feel a particular emotion, they did without knowing, and without a choice in the matter. The others call it, Syren Syndrome. I call it a genetic disease.
Determined to keep Mama satisfied, I sent her new drawings every week. My hope was that it would rekindle some of her joy. She made many personal requests, several places from her childhood. Her favorite, she boasted in her letters was my self-portrait done in charcoal. I was grateful the scenes helped her go back to happier times and days. I kept my favorite, the one of my Papa. She stopped mentioning him more and more. She wasn’t getting better, just getting ready.
 My aunt’s passion for art rivaled my own. I wanted to love her. Past experiences however, forced me to be cautious. Extra time and effort were taken daily to sit down in the parlor, discuss art history, and to sharpen my skills as an artist. Not that I needed it, but I wasn’t about to reveal that to her. 
None of her children were interested in painting, nor had they shown any aptitude in that direction. There were days I worried about her.The roomwould grow uncomfortable, and I’d sense a trace of envy as she watched me work. Tolerating it turned out to be worth it. Her vibrant enthusiasm bolted enough molecules to give me the strength to deal with Anna. 
Curiously, the two younger ones liked to come in and watch when Anna wasn’t trying to control them. While they lit up the room, smiling and asking questions, I painted some of their favorite animals and storybook characters for them. On several occasions I tried to show them how to paint. It was a hope of acceptance that never lasted long. Anna always found out. We started getting used to her bursting into the room to send them away, always exiting with a snide comment. 
“I don’t know why you bother,” she once sneered at me. 
“Art is a waste of time unless you want to end up poor and stupid, and I won’t let that happen to my brother and sister.” Mostly it left me staring at her with a blank frown. Still painting was my safe place, my truest form of escape, and I wasn’t going to let her take that from me. 
Although they were not extravagantly wealthy, my aunt and uncle were quite comfortable. Her deceased father a respected banker, Olivia’s family came from money. When she and my uncle married, it was traditional for the husband to take over all family finances. Had her mother still been living, a place in the new couple’s home would have been made for her. 
Their house wasn’t one of the biggest in the neighborhood, but it was nothing like the modest little home my mother resided in. The kitchen was the largest room in the house, twice the size of my mother’s. The place was stocked with every kind of modern, turn of the century appliance and utensil a woman could dream of. My aunt definitely wasn’t modest.
The equitable, spacious sized bedrooms were separated into girls’ and boys’ rooms, with all of us having our own area to store our clothes. Anna and I shared the closet.While Cassie had her own small, white dresser. 
A nice red, oak vanity was even set up in our room. My favorite places to go of course were the semi-round parlor, and the study. Filled with books, paintings, great maps covering expansive amounts of the walls, and art supplies, this was where I longed to escape to every day, where I spent every spare minute. With the literature my uncle owned, I truly believed I’d discover what was wrong with me.
After observing awhile, I learned the perfect times to sneak in and read the more advanced books. It took a few times of being teased and belittled to ensure that I didn’t get caught anymore. Pouring through them, I absorbed their material with great fervor. Hours could pass, and I wouldn’t know it. Oblivious to the outer world, I allowed absorbing informationto take over,recorded and processed to be stored in a special part of my memory. 
Somehow, I was sure it was going to be of great importance to me in the future. Lots of my favorites have always been about world history, philosophy, biology,and of course art. Ever since my mother explained what war was to me, I was determined to understand and trace its origins. I detested music and avoided it at all costs. From the beginning, my aunt’s fascination with me brought an unsettling apprehension to the household. Other than art, she had no real interest in my academics. 
For Olivia, maternal life was more superficial. After I caught her staring at me like a renaissance painting, I began avoiding eye contact with her. Worrying about the extra time she took with me turned out to be a valid concern. I was taking Anna’s place in the eyes of both mother and daughter. 
Without a doubt, my aunt was a beautiful work of art herself. She was a tall slender woman in her late thirties. She kept her hair cared for with a warm, fashionably styled, shoulder length cut. Her tawny brown eyes illuminated an electric sparkle, even when her soft facial features shadowed with worry. As artists often do, she made certain we wore all the modern, trending fashions of clothing.Oftentimes she orderedunique designs she found in magazines. 
It was more than embarrassing. I felt bad for the others. This unwanted attention only alluded to further problems. I hated being smarter and more attractive than the rest of them. Several times, my aunt scolded me for dressing in modest, older clothes. For me, theywere my only hope of fitting in with the others. The outfits she chose made me stick out worse. I don’t think she was intentionally trying to cause Anna to be jealous, but she wasn’t making the situation any easier.
Although the school was small, it had a welcoming appeal. It was a comfortable size, and there were not as many students as I expected. In secret, I was ready to try school again. It was a great relief that few people could afford to send their kids to school during wartime. The majority of the students were girls and younger boys. All the able-bodied older boys had been drafted to serve their country, only never to return. Nero barely missed the draft.
After the first couple of weeks of bad luck, I started sitting by myself in the back corner closest to the door. I wanted this advantage, the option of escape like I’ve read in some of the war books in my uncle’s den. Once Anna started gathering people against me, I used my trusted option. Somehow able to gain the respect of most of her classmates, giving her some type of twisted leadership role, Anna eventually turned almost all the older students against me. 
Trying to hear the lessons, to be a good student for my mother was fighting a preconceived losing battle. Too often I found myself struggling to even breathe. There was a constant emotional pressure in the air, thick with their dislike, causing heavy unbearable sensations. Panic attacks were to be inevitable my mother once told them. With the pounding of my heart drowning in my ears, my eyes would begin to glaze. I’d bolt for the door before I felt too frozen to respond. My uncle learned to just let me go home. 
At first, he tried sending Nero after me. Then he began losing two students for most of the day. Instead, he chose to wait until he came home to talk to me himself. I remember he always spoke gently. With hardly a temper, he did his best to make everyone happy and comfortable. The first time it happened I tried to trust him, feeling it safe to tell him how I was able to hear and see what the other children were thinking. 
“Uncle, it’s like watching someone painting dark clouds around everyone right before they mass together to try to come for me.” I explained in a quiet voice.
I must have sounded terribly dramatic because he gave me the look he gave Cassie when she was upset. With him kneeling at eye level, I continued anyway.I told him of the energy trails, the colors, and the way they moved like ghosts around everyone.
Patiently he mulled over my words, rubbing his chin in serious contemplation. As his thoughts formed their own orbs of life, my trust in him began to shrink. Mental illness did not sound like something normal people were supposed to have. I was determined not to have it either. At the very least, I’d make sure never to show any trace behavior that might lead them to believe this of me again. Finally, he raised his head to meet my gaze, smiling in his calm peacekeeping fashion.
“You have a wonderful imagination, sweet child.” He assured me in a dismissive tone. “But I’m sure in time everything will be better.” Smiling, he nodded his head to this remark. 
“You will start to like school.” That was his only explanation. He stood up to walk away, leaving me never able to trust again.
It grew agonizingly embarrassing to keep having to face these talks with my uncle. Obsessing over a solution, I was grateful to get the idea of running to our church instead of running home. The nuns always welcomed volunteers. 
Though concerned at first, eventually it gave my uncle some type of respite to know that I was going there. He was hoping I’d speak to the fathers about my problems, knowing they were better equipped with God to handle what he suspected was wrong with me. 
Like all calculating predators, Anna watched for the right opportunities to upset and send me running. How she reveled in seeing me uncomfortable.During lunch, she took the best delight in gossiping about me after I was long gone. Arrogant and pleased with getting other students to aid her in making me miserable, she gloated to her seat every morning. 
Nero’s pity was the only thing that kept me from dropping out altogether. It was as if he knew how much I wanted to love school. Just before I turned twelve, I noticed him catching me in the den, reading one of the books far more complicated than he could understand. He never said a word about it though. His energy sent signals to mine, to acknowledge that he was not a threat. 
Eventually, Nero talked his father into being allowed to sit next to me in class. His protective presence became more comforting than the smell of burning cedar logs. With him now at my side I gained a new sense of strength and safety, knowing he would ensure that I am bullied no more. Once Anna realized her defeat, it enraged her all the more. I knew she’d come seeking revenge at full throttle now. 
She was quite a tall girl for her age, towering over many of the boys that were her peers, still flat chested and resembling a boy herself. Her long, curly, reddish-brown hair was usually braided tight. When it wasn’t, it flew out from her face with a curly wildness that reminded me too much of a creature from one of my uncle’s books. Her small, sharp green, close-set eyes flashed the worst shrewd stares. Her pointy hook-shaped nose made her gazes all the more menacing. And yet I was to be the monster.




chapter  8 THE TURN OF THE TIDE


Anna knew how to take advantage of her intelligence. There were days the adults weren’t around, gifting her the perfect opportunities to strike. Time after time her cruel, relentless abuse destroyed what optimism I held in my heart for ever being close with her. Naive that I was, I never stopped praying to the saints and the holy mother. It was hoping for an impossible miracle, believing they could find a way to get her to like me.
Anna once held the title of the most excelled student in class.Having me over-achieve her was just another proverbial slap in the face. Even though I tried to dumb myself down, I couldn’t get rid of the natural chemicals in my body. The mermaid energy I projected could still be sensed.
Playing dumb didn’t matter enough. Anna hated art.And like a fatal wound,there I appeared.Able to beat her at both academics and fulfill a dream her mother secretly longed for had to be her worst nightmare. Anna never lacked a motive for wanting to destroy me. She’s the only one who wasn’t blind. Yet no one understood where she got her ridiculously outrageous assumptions. I’m still not sure why she didn’t get caught by my spell. 
She stood her ground and spoke her opinion loud, believing that all the great, famed historical artists either sold their souls to the devil, or were possessed by demons…or both. Appearing to be as personal a vendetta as her commitment to making me feel alienated, Anna pounced upon every opportunity to remind us how these blasphemous servants of Satan, these artists of hell were sent to appeal to our weakest senses and lead us away from God. 
Our parish priests tried to speak to her about it for years. Even as a shine of practiced patience glowed from their souls, I could see the tension headaches forming. If they grew tired of it, it never showed. They tried to reveal the solid validity in our holy scriptures. They even pointed out the pages that correlated with religiously devoted artists. 
It can be intense to watch the power struggle of colliding energies. I could only admire their devotion more, for who else could possess such calm stillness through her ranting arguments. The worst of her tantrums came after there were attempts to include the religious history of artists during services. Anna refused to let anyone, or anything convince her. 
It would’ve been a dream come true to have a sister. I needed it more than most children could ever understand. Anna’s cruelty made it definitethat she was not interested in giving me a chance. The icy chill piercing from her eye felt like she could see right through me. Perhaps, I found myself wondering, she was able to read my mind as well as I was able to read theirs. 
Even when I kept my back to her as we lay in our beds, I could still feel her eyes on me. When I was younger, she was able to get away with muttering hateful animosities towards me every night. The more I grew, the stronger my will to influence humans became. After a time, I didn’t have to hypnotize Anna to sleep anymore. On her own, she would assume her hostilities useless and give up. 
Still, my nights were labored in worry. I was constantly falling asleep in the early morning hours after stressing myself all night. Sometimes it was about Anna, but more so it was about the subject of war, and how I despised it.I wanted to know what it would have been like, had Emilio lived. From the time we met, Anna’s emotions were always erratically jumbled together. They changed with such an unstable pace, that it was hard for me to ever clearly read them. 
Every once in a while, her energy was almost relaxed enough for me to catch her guard down. With a lot of strenuous practice, I got to a point where I could finally force myself inside her mind. Hearing her questioning my mother’s agenda of why she wanted to get rid of me, angered me enough to not really want inside Anna’s mind too often. The only real positive things in there were memories of her and her dad.
The first unveiling of my repulsive skin condition only gave her further reasons for resentment. Prior to Olivia realizing the uneasy tension between Anna and I, she’d given Anna the task of bathing me and applying my skin treatments. The unusual dermatological needs only helped to reinforce her arguments. Her reasoning was insane. She believed that whatever was wrong with me was wrong enough to give her former favorite aunt a good reason to dump me off here for them to deal with. 
The horrible looks she gave hurt more than the harsh painful way she bathed me. Even when I knew she was splashing water in my face on purpose,I forced myself not to cry in front of her. If I did, she’d have further reason to complain. She wanted a way out of having to look at my disgusting body.After the vineyard, I was already used to pain. It tortured me more to have to be aware of people’s thoughts.
Hoping to deafen the sound of her complaining by covering my ears was also a bad idea. Curling her lipinto a nasty sneer, she’d slap my hands away, often so hard that they stayed red even after the bath. After the first time she got in trouble for it, I stopped defending myself. It did both Anna and Ia lot of good when I finally convinced Olivia that I was able to bathe myself. 
Even with all her malicious contempt, I couldn’t bear seeing her get in trouble because of me. I felt there was nothing to blame but myself for not being able to be normal. Of course, I excused, she couldn’t help feeling the way she did about me. I was the problem, the disruption. I came here and destroyed her happy family. I was the outcast, weirdo who ruined her life, and if the others couldn’t understand and show her more compassion for it, then I was going to.
Once she tried to prove to her parents that my skin condition was a direct sign from God. She declared that it was His way of confirming how I was indeed an abomination. Confident of her claim, she demanded that I be sent back immediately. Warning her not to insult my mother again, my aunt’s temper grew as she regarded Anna. Regardless of the severe punishments with my uncle’s strap, Anna continued to insist that I was something straight from hell.
“Why did she show up out of nowhere, mother?” Anna pushed her case as she shoutedover the table one evening. 
“Why did Aunt and Uncle know nothing about her, and never questioned from where she came? I am your daughter, your real flesh and blood. You must at least consider what I ask.” Her demand emanated in a pitiful whiny tone before she burst into tears.
A brave effort, yet she was still punished. Olivia sent to her room immediately to pray and fast. I cried more that night than all the other nights that I lived there. This outburst convinced me more than ever that she was able to read my mind. Somehow, she had discovered a way of announcing to everyone exactly how I thought of myself. 
Frantic, my mind looked for ways to defend the rest of me.This was no coincidence. As I prayed for her soul that night, I considered something else. Maybe for people like Anna; inordinate, religious zealotry can’t override the natural born, clairvoyant in them, causing them the mortal inner conflict. Humans like this I would forever try to avoid, I vowed. Was it thanks to her? Probably. But I’m glad of it.
No matter what, I still cared about her. It was what my faith expected of me, forgiveness in grace. Still, it became crucial that I find a way to shield myself from her dark, stormy, aura. Its presence was awakening some sinister, inner workings of my brain that I couldn’t find a way to restrain yet. 
Once I caught myself sleepwalking. Waking up, I found myself looming over Anna’s bed. I have no idea how long I’d been there. To retreat from her vile attacks, I taught myself to retreat into my mind. There her degrading could no longer be heard. If I didn't, I feared the instinct to retaliate would end in bloodshed.
“Why do you have to be so depressing all the time?”Anna pointed out one evening after our bedtime prayers.
 “It makes you uglier than you already are.” Pretending to be invisible, I sighed under my breath as I crawled into my bed.
“Honestly,” she continued while pulling her covers to her chest, “your depression is so annoying. Every time we have someone come over; they leave feeling as blue as you are.” She laughs to herself in her cruel, snide tone.
 “That should’ve been your name, Blue… because no one can feel happy around you for very long.” Turning to her side, Anna tosses her braid over her shoulder.
The profound accuracy in Anna’s observation still makes me laugh. Try as I may to make people happy, they always walked away dimmed, drained, and melancholy. Self-absorbed in fulfilling my ineluctable thirst was rendering me oblivious. I was doing more harm than good.
It’s useless to blame anyone else for whatever made me the way I am. I was beginning to feel that there was no way of becoming like them. As I lay there in bed staring at the ceiling, I foresaw my future forever embedded in that name, and Anna was sure to make it a reality.	
The nightmarish problems only increased with age. Anna had gotten to such an extreme point of demonic paranoia, that spying on me became her mission in life. My extraordinary beauty lay at the heart of her motive. It was hell for everyone to live with her uncontrollable jealousy. And now this energy that had been growing in her for so long appeared to be taking on a life form of its own. 
The thing was disturbing to watch.It moved, animate, as if it were making decisions for itself. A part of me wanted to try to save her from this foreboding presence. Guilt and pity convinced me to tolerate it. At the same time, my emotions and self-views were transitioning into a state of being overly sensitive. Trying to be a teenager was stressful enough. 
Sanctuary in the study was eventually overtaken by Anna’s absurd investigations. With her parents’ attention needed elsewhere, there was no stopping her from the obsession. She wanted to keep things terrifying for me.Without really trying, she was close to finding absolute, inarguable proof. My vague reasoning for locking myself away in there must’ve provoked her suspicions to no end. 
Believing that in this room she wouldat last be able to prove everything, she decided to start taking Cassie in there to read with her. I knew right away it was to keep an eye on me, but what could I do. I was determined to be a good person, and actually hoped that by her being in there, maybe we both could finally know that I was. 
The intensifying adolescent rivalry was like a slow leak in a weakened dam. In due course, it controlled the tense atmosphere of the entire house. My aunt decided to get a small, part time evening job, leaving Anna with the resentful responsibility of cooking. Olivia made the excuse that the economy was slowing down, and we could benefit from the extra income. It was easy to see her real purpose was to get away from the stress. 
Her mind and her health were getting weaker. The once vivacious light that was her life was dimming at a dramatic rate. The draining of my presence and the problems it caused was taking its toll on her. Unlike with Mama, I kept trying to find ways to give the light back, to somehow return the energy I was stealing, to make her the beautiful person I loved again. So far, v c my bitter poison appears to be incurable.
A self-righteous perversion my best efforts added up to be, an empty vanity. In truth, good intentions or not, we cannot give what is not in us to give. And this desire to give was an underhanded attempt at finding a way to become something I am not. Like a snake, trying to shed its skin in hopes to become a bird. It’s an artificial inner desire, driven by a false sense of identity. 
My uncle couldn’t take it either. With his wife gone, he spenthis time off away at a quiet tavern. The auras of the adults were affected harder than the children. I think it had something to do with the way the body is transformed after it reaches the point of no longer physically growing. In childhood, time seems to move fast, then slows to a crawl, and stops in adulthood; only to end up going backwards with the last years of a human brain’s life. 
The breaking point was coming.Our home was edging toward an awaitingcataclysm. Emotional breakdowns were threatening everyone’s sanity. Anger and weariness pounded the heart of every action and reaction, prior the years building up to this moment. 
Anna didn’t care.In fact, her foul energy was thriving from it. Many times, walking past her I couldn’t control myself from shuddering. Seeing that orbital darkness, the parasitic entity grew. Watching it taking over her filled me with doom. But where was I to go. 
Times were most joyous when my mother could afford to come and visit. It wasn’t too often.She always managed to make it for the holidays. I spentnights after, crying myself dry. Forcing me to relive the day I left, my mind liked to trapme in a dismal trance, a visual replay of the trauma.
As the years passed, every part of Mama slipped further out of consciousness. Her life force grew dingy and faint, like a candle near the end of its wick. Her integrity seemed to be the only thing that was holding her together. Forever bound to me by a sworn promise to her dead soul mate, and so she always returned. 
The only time Anna didn’t stalk me was when I spent time at our church. I knew this was because she didn’t want to have to engage in conversation with any of the priests or the sisters. As devout in her faith as she was, she wasn’t going to give them the chance to try to change her mind about her views on art. The day I realized I was safe from her was a small but needed miracle. Even though it gave me a tinge of guilt, I thanked God in secret every night. 
Gathering what I learned from the church, I wanted to reach the point where I could stay home and weather through our stormy situations. I felt it vitally important to endure the deterioration of our family. I couldn’t leave them like Mama. Ultimately, I believed God was going to intervene.
“This is a test for you sweet one.” Father Midori pointed out to me during a stormy, emotional evening. Something in his advice wanted to made sense to me. 
“I believe you to be a strong soul my child. This is God’s way of helping you to spread his message. You must go back. Use what you are learning here, faith, temperance, compassion, forgiveness.” 
“It may seem hard,” he added touching my chin. “But I am beginning to see that God has a greater plan for you. Perhaps this is his way of calling you into serving the church.” 
High on these new hopeful thoughts I returned, determined more than ever to show the strength in my ability to live as God wanted me to. This attitude was only able to endure for a few hours. Looking around, watching Anna and my aunt fighting again, while Cassie obliviously danced and sang in the next room brought me to a grim conclusion. 
Our home was now a tomb for the living, where ignorant children played among the remnant ghostly remains of their elders. I began to clutch my chest, feeling as if some elusive demonic force were trying to squeeze every drop of blood from my heart. I was suffocating on the stagnating, negative air, a sure trigger warning that something bad was going to happen if I didn’t get away from this.
God and religion became my last chance to become one of them, to belong somewhere in this vast unexplored world in which I couldn’t relate to. The words Father Midori spoke to me became my pillar of motivation, feeling as if even though things seemed grim, I was sure I’d always be accepted into serving the church as a nun. Determined, I dove into this pursuit with full force. This was my sure fire back up plan. It could have been a habitable future, if only the ocean had remained still. 



chapter  9 NO GREATER SALT OF THE EARTH


How ironic that Anna hated the sea more than she hated art. My aunt excused it to the fact that Anna had seen a boy almost drown once. In my complicated mind, it wasn’t that simple. The sweltering temperatures of early summer was already aiding to everyone’s irritability. The fights Anna caused all week had me on edge, and my patience was getting low. 
She was upset over my new sense of confidence. I was now fortified with an advantage over her, something that she knew she couldn’t take away from me. Regardless of my fate in her father’s house, the church was always willing to provide me with a sanctuary. My buoyant attitude both infuriated and intimidated her, driving her desperately harder to prove that I was not human. 
With an eerie calm composure, I stood there, looking at her mother’s precious vase. I couldn’t remember throwing it across the room. I barely remembered the yelling match with Anna.
For once Anna was silent, her open mouth was as wide as her eyes. The bully of a girl who always had something to say couldn’t find her voice. And then I sensed it, an aroma almost delectably succulent. She was afraid. The hair on the back of my neck began to stand up.
Cassie and I were happily singing as we folded laundry. Anna must have heard us. Bursting in, she rushed her crying little sister out of the room without explanation. Frustrated and angry I charged at her, demanding she explain herself. The last memory I have was of her accusing me of trying to make Cassie as demonic as I was... 
“Just get out of here Anna, I’ll clean this up, like I always clean up after your verbal destruction,” I growled. 
My will to fight back was surprising me as much as it surprised her. My defiance magnified her terror, causing the tingling to stretch like uncurling fingers and circulate from my neck to the coverage of my whole head. The space between my ears and the lower part of my head throbbed. God help me, I silently prayed as I tried to focus. In a panic I left the room fast, before whatever was happening had the chance to react. This undefinable, creeping urge to attack her was threatening to emerge and needed to be avoidednow. 
‘No… no. Please don’t let me hurt her, please God make it go away.’ I pleaded. 
Reaching for my temples, my brain continued to pulse. Now uncoiled, thespectral, electric fingers stretched their way around to rest behind my ears. I prayed she heeded my warning and left by the time I reached the closet. Going for the broom was when the ringing in my ears started. I barely opened the closet door when the sound began. 
It began as aprominent, low frequency, humming like the sound of a large,whirring machine. Without warning the tone rises, the ringing so high pitched my eyes felt as if they were beginning to vibrate. Panic clouds my mind as my eyes darted around the room, seeking the source of the noise. There was nothing. 
I knew there wasn’t. Accepting that this sound was coming from inside me was undeniable. The hair on my arms rose, attracted to an invisible magnetic field. ‘Escape, run, get out, get away...’ Anna was still inside the house, still afraid. The impulse to hurt her was gaining strength. 
Without another thought, I darted for the back door. Through the yard I ran down a narrow, sandy path that lead to the shore. The church felt too far.The beach was the only other safe place to go to catch a brief moment. I had to get control back. I still had a mess to clean up. Anna was watching me leave.
The sound of her footsteps was distant, but noticeable. She was going back inside. I barely heard her yelling something about telling on me for leaving the house without permission. I didn’t care, I couldn’t. If I had turned around, I might’ve killed her. As close to her head as the vase landed, I could’ve killed her.
If that stupid girl had any inclination of how I was feeling, she would have gotten her proof toget rid of me at last. Anna was no longer aware that her family looked for every way to distance themselves from her.Her shallow minded intolerance seemed to be depleting her chancesfor compassion.
Despite their signals, I kept walking, forcing my ears deaf to the cries of my male cousins, nervously following after me. Through the years the boys were my noble defenders, ever ready to remind us all of how crazy Anna was. Their empathy was always a blessing. Now I worried it was only there because I managed to enchant them. 
Neither Anna’s threats, nor the boys’ pleas were enough to get me to turn around. I was blind, moving only on an internal compass. And that unnoticeable sound was my homing device. Through countless books and endless years, I searched for answers to the things I could do,to see if I could find a link, any relation between me and some other creature. There had to be… for obvious physiological reasons. Little did I know, the answer was to be easily found inside the last place I’d look, Cassie’s beloved fairy tales. 
 The nearest harbor was only a few blocks away. Robert and Oliver followed me enough to figure out where I was going before turning back to report to their mother. Walking past, I paid no heed to the fisherman there. None of them spoke to me while they worked on repairing nets, loading supplies onto their boats, preparing to leave shore. 
The closer I got to the water, the more the sound began to change. The elemental noise quieted down, taking on definition, a distinct rhythm. The tones now composed into a symphony of a quiet soothing note, rising to climax before a louder airily crashing melody. It was blocking the sound of everything else. A sound ignited with attraction, yet too distorted to sound familiar, even though it was a noise I was more than used to.
Several feet from the dock I found the little off beaten path Nero and Oliver took to go fishing. It was their favorite excuse to get away whenever their energy was too drained to handle the problems at home. My heart and the rhythm of waves became as one, a fusion of intangible, collective consciousness. The gentle song of rising and colliding into the shore grew louder, and I became more alive than I ever remember feeling. 
Taken over by a deep primal sensation, more invigorating than human pleasure, my old identity seemed to wash away. The scent of the salty air was fulfilling my need to absorb positive energy, and I was now charged at full capacity. Frozen in a confused bliss I stood there, taking it in. All at once it hit me. 
The sound from within my ears was gone. Here I was… staring at it. Sighing was my surrender, an unnerving inner peace. Awakened, baited by the lure of the sea. No other electromagnetic power will ever surpass its nurturing caress, the inner warmth brought on from its calling, the intoxicating allure in its voice. It was the mother I had been looking for. 
 Mindlessly I unbuckled and threw off my black patent shoes, quickly tearing away the white stockings. Grateful, I couldn’t have been more eager to feel at home with my toes sinking into the coarse sand. The swirling vortex of transcending energy engulfing my DNA shattered any rationality left. I was this moment of transformation. Nothing else existed. 
Everything in my body was shifting too fast. I began to lose focus. Any punishing consequences were beyond my concern anymore. Watching the waves, I listened to her speak, a bond like no other I had known. 
‘I was hers,’ she spoke to me. And she wanted me to come home. 
No one, however intuitive or intellectual, will ever understand the symbiotic relationship we have with water. Usually we first recognize and experience this connection at birth. This was my unearthly apotheosis, the awakening my body had been waiting for. Call it fate or destiny if you wish. Perhaps it was luck that I lived close to the water. If humans had known how unlucky this was for their destiny, they probably would have killed me when they found me. 
I’d never been as emotionally relieved as this. After so many years of feeling lost and alone, a body of water that encircled the earth, a colossal elemental life force was the being that gave me significance. I felt like I’d never been to the ocean before, even though the boys and I frequently escaped here. It now made sense as to why the salty water always healed the cuts in my skin in a rapid regeneration. 
All the years of torment, torture and depression became too much for me. Tears rushed down my face, longingly aching to never have to leave this place, this feeling again. Through misty wet eyes I stood there, watching the sparkling white sea foam. Its complex, delicate form stretched out like fingers to approach my toes. I could sense its sentient energy, empathically trying its best to soothe and comfort me. I wanted to enjoy this moment, wrapped in its warmth like a baby in the womb. Yet as moments will, it ended. My face lost its smile when I looked down at my feet.
Gasping, I wiped my eyes. There was no way I was seeing what I was seeing, I think to myself. The change appeared to be initiated by a strange tingling sensation. In a quick progression, my toes were now welding themselves together. An unsurpassed, pearly-colored shimmer rippled across my feet. The long-awaited metamorphosis was finally freeing itself. All I could think about was how much the color and growing texture on my feet resembled a fish.
The beautiful homecoming was gone. The peaceful feeling of being wanted and accepted by this vast magnificent energy, now replaced by a horrified reality. Anna had been right all along. Oh, how she would have loved being there if she were not so scared of the sea. Here it was, her sought after proof that both the ocean and I shared an unmistakably evil secret. 
The terrified thought of her being right, that the ocean was an element which housed evil forces was more than I could handle. I jerked my feet away from the sea foam as quickly as if it were flesh eating acid. The damage to my toes was not reversing. Still welded together with that eerie white glow, I look around nervously to see if anyone was watching. Frantic, I prayed to God for help.
Worrisome questions filled my head. How was I going to hide this kind of abnormality from my aunt? How was I going to take a bath if this kept happening? Now deformed and monstrous, I was defeated.Anna was getting what she wanted. I didn’t want to look at my foot anymore. All I ever wanted, ever prayed for, was to find a way to be like everyone else; to be… normal.
I hated myself for being so naive, for believing that God had some reason for giving me a hard life. I wanted to believe that there was a good soul within me and not a monster… and that someday everyone would know that. How was I making them depressed? Was my soul, or something in my blood? 
The mental shock made putting my stockings and shoes back on take forever. Ignoring my scaly toes, I struggled to recall why I came down to the shore in the first place. Buckling my shoes, I thought of the fight with Anna, and the anger beckoned to return. After all, this WAS her fault for wanting to find a way to ruin my life. I never dared to blame anyone for my mishaps before. This time, I didn’t try to push the feeling away. 
Weakened and confused, I allowed it to feed on my fatigue. I thought of getting revenge on her, of how I could punish her for the way she treated me. I let my negative thoughts form dark, dense intentions, building a momentum for causing a greater chaos than she would want to imagine. 
Something in my mind began telling my body that I needed to get away from the shore. At the sound of his voice I stiffened. Nero was right behind me. I was so absorbed in trying to come up with a plan that I hadn’t noticed. How could I have not heard him speaking? He couldn’t have had worse timing... 



chapter  10 THE SONG


It was like a warning bell before the monsoon. The panic in me wanted to scream. My sensible side forcedthe rest of me to stay cool. With an arrogant attitude I turned around, feeling confident that I could fool him. I took the first step, lost my balance and fell. Though she was quiet now, my head still swam from the deep integrated connection with the ocean.Then the image of my foot came back.
Nero was at my side in a flash. Damp with sweat, his sandy brown hair stuck to his face. I didn’t want to look at him. There was no way to escape how this sight was going to make him feel. He kneeled next to me. Frowning, he looked at my shoe twisted in the sand. His concern became his doom. 
Attempting to regain control, I tried to make Nero let go. Shaking his head, displaying his sympathy, he pushed my hand away. Taking a breath, he pulls me closer. Defeated I clinched my fists, squeezed my eyes tight, and waited. Without considering removing my shoe, he examined closer to look for swelling. Finding no signs of sprain or a twisted ankle and pondering why I was so tense; Nero moved his eyes back up to my face. 
“Mari, what’s happened? Are you alright?” As he asked, my heart felt an ache from the tones his voice made. Helpless, I feared how it would change once he discovered the real truth. 
“We’ve been very worried about you.” He continued with the same concern.
“I told Oliver that you just might need to be alone for a while… so we went home,” Nero paused. I was afraid of what I would say. 
“You’ve been gone for over an hour, so I wanted to come and check on you to make sure you were ok.” Licking his lips, he raised his eyebrows and studied my face.
Still I said nothing. I couldn’t find the words. I pulled all my strength together, trying to find the courage to remain honest, yet keep the severity of my fears hidden. What came out of it though, was more anger.
“I made Oliver stay home,” he continued. 
“He wanted to come…” Nero hesitated, “but Anna is fighting with Mama again.” Frowning, he looked down at his hands.
“So, I told him to stay there and distract her, so she doesn’t get Mama too upset.” He finished in a full long breath and watched me nervously.
 Trying not to look too annoyed, I pushed him away again. Part of me was glad that he came to my rescue. Already poisoned, my thoughts returned to how I wanted to get back at Anna. 
 “I’m ok. I’m fine.” I managed to say. The salty wind wouldn’t stop kissing my hair. “I think I just turned my foot when I was walking.” 
Biting my lip hard was my way of punishing myself. I was beginning to miss the old Seraphina version of me. The lies I told myself were getting easier to give into. The distraction of listening to Nero talk of current events at home was temporarily relieving. Unable to create problems with me, Anna was currently badgering my aunt into leaving her job at the art gallery. In truth, Anna had no maternal instincts and was sick of taking care of Cassie. 
Complaining that it was interfering with her schoolwork was her way of justifying her constant pestering. Of course, she used my actions today as an excuse to prove she couldn’t make me respect her being in charge. That’s why it was so important for my aunt to be at home. 
Shaking my head and rolling my eyes I continued to listen quietly. This tactic came as no surprise. She was probably waiting all along for a good opportunity to convince Olivia into quitting her job. Cassie was fine. All of the older children were cooperatively working together to keep the house maintained without conflict.
“Come Mari, we need to get back as soon as we can. You must tell mother your side of things.” Nero’s face turned hard for a moment, then relaxed.
“You know she usually doesn't believe Anna, but she needs to hear from you.” 
His careful words snapped me back into reality. Panic was fighting to take over again. I tried to be nonchalant about my foot. Thinking maybe I could pull this off, that it was really no big deal. But I’m a terrible actor. 
Nero grabbed my hand and tried to help me up. There was an awkward imbalance. My foot buckled with the first steps. Clumsily I hit the sand again. Frowning and breathing harder, Nero’s concern was growing. 
 “Oh, Mari this doesn’t look good,” he observed.
“Take your shoe off, I need to see how bad your foot is.” His remark came with a grimacing regard towards my shoe. 
“Plus, it might be easier to walk if the shoe is off.” 
My face froze. I could feel that my foot wasn’t healed yet. Drawing my leg up to pull my shoe closer was my response. Not knowing what to do or how to answer him, I used the only defensive maneuver I could think of. Throwing my hands in my face I started to cry.
Nero’s eyes jerked back when the sound reached him.He looked more pitiful than I, standing there… remaining calm but puzzled. Regardless of how he reacted, I knew I was trapped. There was no sense in trying to escape the outcome. Some of the pearly slime on my toes started hardening. It was probably now permanently deformed. 
“Mari...are you hurt that badly?” He asked in a pitied tone.
“What happened? Why are you crying like that?” He became hesitant to put his arm around my shoulder.
“Don’t worry about things at home,” he encouraged. “Anna will calm down. We need to worry about your foot right now.”
“It’s true Nero,” I managed to whisper. 
“It’s true what she said.” 
The final fatality of my ego, the wound that would never heal, words that could never be taken back. Admitting was accepting. There was no way out of this. Nero stood there without a word, absorbing the meaning of my convictions. His body was going through a process of different emotions: confusion, disbelief, anger. Forcing myself to look at his face brought on the tears again… this time they were real. 
Feeling helpless is something I despise more than anything. It means you have lost control. Once you’ve lost control, you’ve lost the power to change a situation. This is exactly the way it was when I next looked at Nero. Surrendering my will, I allowed him to take off my shoe. After all, what excuse could I make for him not to? Even through my sobs I heard his mind scientifically examining my malformed foot. 
Nero had a great interest in science. It was his dream to get into that field of work after he finished school. Back then with the way our government was, they were sure to welcome his bright mind. Sometimes common sense slipped past him though. Finally, it dawned on him that I was talking about Anna. 
“This doesn’t mean anything she says is true Mari,” he responded. The anger in his voice ended my crying. 
“Anna is crazy. Even important people of the church think so. You know that. You’ve heard them talk to her.” Pressing his lips together, his mood softened. He pulled his eyes into mine to look at me closely.
“Just tell me exactly what happened.” When I failed to answer he sighed. Pausing, he put his hand to his mouth as he collected his thoughts. 
“Did you go in the water?” He asked suspiciously as his attention moved toward the waves. 
“What were you and Anna fighting about?”
Sitting there with my whole body slumped over, he saw how defeated I felt. Staring with blank eyes at my foot, sniffling every now and then, I kept my head down. I knew he wanted me to look at him. His patience helped to ease the situation. He encouraged me to take a few deep breaths before answering while he waited.
Panic attacks can make a second feel like an hour. It’s like you get locked into a dark room with no view and no way out. You are trapped and forced to sit there and stare at the nothingness, until your fear resides. Some are strong enough to fight their way out of this faster.
It felt like forever before I was able to talk to him. Being that he was my only friend, I wanted to be completely honest. Something warned me to be careful, to leave out the parts about the ocean. The water could’ve been still talking to me. I strongly felt it had a way of watching. Mother Ocean I concluded, deserves a great deal of respect and fear. 
I told him about Cassie, Anna, the fight, and the vase. Hesitant, I spoke of the strange sounds that came from nowhere and how it affected my memory. He listened with a solemn frown and crossed his arms. 
“And the next thing I knew I was here Nero…and this…happened.” I ended as I pointed to my foot. 
After realizing I would say no more, he got up to look at the ocean. Biting my lip, I scanned the waves, worrying if they would have any kind of effect on him. The water moved toward him with its usual presence. Nothing happened when he kneeled to touch it.
 Now that I was calmer, I tried to tap into his thoughts. Nothing. It felt like something was intentionally intercepting me. Secret messages were being whispered. I felt the loss of control taking over again. 
What choice was there except to listen, to obey? The wrath of her was all too omnipresent, and I feared her punishment. Like any mother I knew, she was both loving and formidable. Ever protecting of her child, forcing their influence in the intent of one’s own good. The awakened changes in me had just begun. 
“It’s not the water… Nero, it’s me.” The words came out as a dazed listlessness. 
 The way I spoke became such an alluring melody. It was maturing into a fine-tuned instrument, readying to propagate its true agenda. The tones were almost equivalent to a harp, echoing inside one’s head as mother ocean did to mine. 
Lured to succumb to her will, we were blindly enlisted to the service of my etheric mother. Everything about the changes happening in me was forcing him to come under her spell. Through a haze I could see it as he turned to look at me. We were both caught and forced into transforming.
“I know… I know what you think,” I continued. “It’s not the water, it’s something in… me.” Pausing a moment, I tilted my head, listening to further requests of the whispering. 
“I know everything everyone thinks all the time.” I declared as honestly as I could. 
There but not there was the signal I was receiving from his mind. He was too entranced by the powers in my voice to notice me nodding to an unseen, third party. Sighing, I proceeded to tell him everything I remember from the moment Emilio found me. Everything I was told to tell him anyway. 
It was only a little after lunch, far earlier than it seemed. Being that Nero was with me, we wouldn't be missed or searched for until close to dinner time. I could see my oceanic mother allowing him moments of clarity. 
She chose to let him test my power. Every time he thought of a particular something, an object, a place, I was without a doubt completely accurate in guessing what it was. Never a pause before answering, there were even a few times I guessed correct before he was ready. 
Cautious, I demonstrated how I was able to make small objects move. I feared I’d overwhelm him with too much too soon, yet I continued. After every test I watched his response carefully before proceeding with the next. He took everything better than expected.
In a quiet awe he watched it all, showing no signs of fear. I assumed it was because he was now subjected not to. She couldn’t have chosen a more perfect slave. Nero’s naivety in trusting the goodness of humankind rivaled only mine.




chapter  11 DEATH BOND


After the tests were over, Nero appeared to be convinced but justifiably confused. Unsure of what to do next, we both sat on the sand in silence. Compelled to stare out at the water, we heard her soothing song. She was reassuring our minds that what she wanted for us was best. Watching her move, I saw her strong energy rise. Fluctuating and flexing like a careless sheet in the wind, it was making contact with Nero.
Soon, there were parts of his thoughts that I could no longer tap into. For whatever reason he turned to me with a look on his face that made me want to bury myself in the sand. 
‘He thinks I’m an angel,’ I realized. 
“Mari,” he spoke with an awestruck reverence.
“You’ve never been a bad person. This doesn’t prove you are bad because you’ve never been bad.” He tried to emphasize the words as if it wasn’t getting through to me.
“If you were bad, don’t you think you would have done a lot of bad things by now?” Nero tried to smile before continuing. 
“But you haven’t. You’ve always been good and obedient and done what you’re told.” I could see how happy his next statement made him. 
“And most times you’re the one most excited to go to church.” 
Even with his sweet compliments, my worry couldn’t have been clearer. Disappointed, I let out a slow sigh, too sad to think of how to respond. Part of me wanted to believe this with him. Unfortunately, there were too many hideous flaws to the theory.
It was true. My devotion to our religion was ever present in everything I did. Instead of getting into confrontations, I chose to diffuse a situation by walking away if I could. Isolating myself to drawing, reading, or in prayer felt like God’s will for me. 
Nero and Oliver liked to joke about it. When the mood was right, they’d playfully tease me about going to confession. What bad behavior could I possibly have to confess? 
It was the nights I couldn’t escape from. Trapped and forced to share a room with Anna, birthed in an obsession. No matter how bad she treated me, I’d consume myself into finding a way to get her to like me. She noticed, and it infuriated her more.
“Please Nero,” I gently begged. 
“Even if what you think is right, we can’t tell anyone about this.” My eyes crinkled downward as I spoke, it was hard to keep from trembling. 
“Please,”I appealed to what was left of his untainted judgement…
“No one else will understand.” 
He was staring at the waves again. I hoped my words were helping to stimulate his old self. Lost in a daze, he didn’t budge. He wasn’t in there. Fresh tears were beginning to form. The dead eyed look on his face was too frightening. In my mind there was no way an angel, a being of goodness could do this to a person.
More and more, my reunion with mother ocean was growing into a terrifyingly, sinister unification. The bright light that was Nero’s aura was fighting something darker, more threatening than any of the gloomy, gray mists I encountered before. It seemed to absorb his free will like an empty, thirsting sponge. 
 When he next gazed at my face, I saw a lustful desire building for me. His smile featured an incomprehensible longing. Dumbfounded and smitten, he was overthrown by the sumptuous pheromones I was releasing. Nothing could have been more frustrating. No matter how much I wanted to stop it, to get control over it, I was just as powerless as he was. 
My only solution, to keep him talking. I needed him to break free. Fighting for my own self-control, I made my face as stern as possible.
“Nero, they won’t understand,” I told him in a lowered firm tone. 
 “No matter what, you have to promise me you won’t tell anyone... ever.” He blinked a moment before answering, as if trying to listen but not really wanting to.
“How are we going to keep something like this a secret Mari?” His voice was far away.Yet part of him was still fighting to come back.
“What if a doctor could help you?” 
“I’ve seen doctors Nero.” I lashed out, absent of whether or not my tone would hurt him.
“None of them knew anything and now this skin condition has gotten worse.” Desperate I added, “What if they want to cut me?” 
 Trying to stay tough wasn’t working at all. It just wasn’t in me. My body shivered at the thought of being dissected. It was bad enough my skin did what it did. I wasn’t about to let someone else do more damage.Nero continued looking at me. This time his eyes stared through my clothing. He was sizing me up and I didn’t like it. I could see he was absolutely unaware of how drastic his behavior was changing. 
“I’m getting older now.” In consideration I hesitated, hoping what I said wouldn't be taken out of context.
“Maybe we can just hide this for a couple more years.” I told him as I formed a plan. 
“And then I can leave, and everyone can be happy.” 
 It sounded good to me. In contradiction I knew, even as I was saying it, was disagreeing. For a few minutes I thought he was going to snap out of the dreadful trance. His energy shifted, but it was only because he was startled at the thought of being away from me. What I feared most was happening, the Nero I used to know was slipping away. 
“No Mari, that would never work.” His head shook back and forth in response. 
“Not everyone wants you to leave.” The way his brow crinkled as his eyes stripped me, I knew he meant himself. Inside his soul struggled. I couldn’t look away. Out of nowhere his eyes flared with angry sparks.
“Anna should be the one to go. She makes everyone miserable.” Before I realized it, he grabbed my hands, gripping them hard as if I were about to run away that instant.
“You’re the good one Mari.” He licked his lips, desperately searching his mind for another solution.
“Why don’t we think of a way to drive Anna out? We’re all getting sick of her anyway.” 
His words were bitter. His tone had no feeling. It sounded as if they were being enunciated by someone standing next to him. A cognitive plotting shadow that developed the ability to speak. Sort of like the thing I saw over Anna. He was aware of what was being said, yet oblivious that they were coming from his own voice. 
Within his invaded mind, his obsession festered. He considered how to keep me as close to him as possible. ‘This kind of insanity couldn’t be real,’ I worried. There was no avoiding what was to come. Nero and I were going to have to make decisions together. Being afraid of him wasn’t going to get me what I wanted.
We had no choice but to obey the great watery mother. Once you have been called by the might of the ocean’s will, there was nowhere to run. She flowed with depths of compassion. She held the upper hand to cull the wrath of her fury. Her considerable size truly dominates the space on this planet.
There was no fear under her mollifying influence. We were becoming happy captives to her strong will. Nero’s ill-timed appearance gave her a fortunate opportunity. He would now ensure that I was always protected and cared for until I left the human world.While listening to her further instructions, I sadly realized the worst. Whether I liked it or not, I was going to have to put up with his family a little longer. And I was going to have to use the power I had over him to survive it. I wanted to implode.
This was a shameful ploy. How could she do this to me if she truly loved me? I told her. The frustration sank in deeper, leaving me wondering how much longer she meant. She led me to believe that there was hope. That I perhaps I could somehow find a way to reverse the changes in Nero when this was over. Perhaps, she cooed, I was smart enough to find a cure.
The longer we remained there exposing ourselves to the sea, the more its primordial energy amplified my nervous system. The magnitude of its power made me feel invincible. The salty air began to act as an aphrodisiac. My lungs desiring it like a lover’s breath upon my skin. Fervent inner fires ignited as I breathed it in. Mutant molecules and sleeping cells were awakening from their hibernation.
Closing my eyes, I released a sigh. I made no more moves to stop the changes. Where would we run from her? With a salacious grace I made my body move in closer. By a gentle blow of air, I pushed my pheromones onto Nero, forcing myself upon his senses. 
Leaning closely into his tall figure I stared deep into his eyes, positioning my lips directly in line with his. I could feel his arousal for me growing. My moral side struggled. Nervously I fought back the guilt. It was ultimately unarguable. This had become the only way. 
Sometimes you learn to accept things about yourself because you can no longer resist what is in you naturally. You only end up making life harder on yourself by fighting. It didn’t take much to force my intentions on him. Mother Ocean had done most of the work. All I had to do was finish off what was left. 
“We’re going to keep this a secret Nero.” I purred as sweet as I could. My lips brushed across his.
“This is the only way.” With a coy smile, I moved a lock of hair from his face. My simple gestures drove his senses further into giving me control. 
“And then when it’s time, you can run away with me, and never have to worry about being away from me.Ok?” 
 He was thinking about touching me, undressing me whether I liked it or not. As much as I wanted to back down I couldn’t. I was afraid she’d kill him. I had to learn to control this power, to keep him focused on what I commanded. He was also going to need to continue thinking and acting somewhat like the person he was before.
‘It will be important for him to be vigilant…’ she told me…
‘…to know his surroundings at all times.’Listening, I nodded. 
To experiment, I backed off my beguiling charm over him. Pulling my energy back in caused my moral consciousness to stir. The guilt wanted to be heard, convincing me to take a few steps back. 
Once my body left his astral atmosphere, his eyes started to move around again. It was a grain of hope. Thinking with better clarity, he looked to my foot. I could hear him planning all possible means of protecting me. Listening to his thoughts, I almost wanted to laugh. He was trying to figure out how to make sure everything stayed normal. Nothing had ever been normal for me, nor would it make a difference now. 
His eyes showed the shift in his thoughts. I was going to have to stay one step ahead of him at all times now. Some of his ideas were deeply worrying. Licking his lips, he looked me up and down, already longing to feel my touch again. Anxious, he struggled between his two desires before returning to planning my protection. 
So far everything appeared to be working the way she wanted. Had things been different, Nero would have helped me research what was happening to me. I pitied him so much. His potential to do something great with his intelligence might have been washed away forever this day.I prayed to myself God would still hear me and change Nero back once I was gone. 
“Alright Mari. We’re going to do this…somehow.” His eyes were racing around as he spoke. 
“Just never go back into the ocean Mari, never!” Nero insisted in a crude voice.
“I’m terrified of what could happen to the rest of you if you put any more of your...” he pauses to sigh, “your body parts in the water.” 
 “I promise Nero.” I said, casting a nervous glance over my shoulder. 
“We will never come back here.” I wanted to mean it too. 
Already I was missing him, my one trustworthy confidant. This new body of energy in front of me was just a host to a plagued mind, fed by obsession and ionic carnal thoughts. All devoted to me. I kept alive the morose idea that the Nero we all loved would be able to somehow find his way back. At times, I saw him try. 
“Why do you smell so good Mari?” Nero whispered in a husky voice, keeping his eyes closed.
 “I don’t know cousin,” I answered sadly. 
“We need to get back though okay?” I reminded him. 
“Oliver isn’t going to wait forever for you.He’ll be coming down here to find us soon if we don’t leave.” Licking my lips, I looked around behind him.
Ignoring my words, Nero’s eyes wandered, trying to find something else to focus on other than me. Every crashing sound of the wave was like the swing of a pendulum, lulling me deeper into her trance. My head was getting too dizzy to stay aware. The ambiance in the waves became playful, flirty, whispering for me to enjoy some of Nero’s suggestive ideas.
I was losing the battle for self-control. The energy from our bodies was too erratically unstable, making our concentration charged with chaotically enforced energy. Their colors bounced around in a dramatic display of spectral fireworks. It used to be fun to watch the colors. Now I was feeling as if I were forced to watch our souls franticly fighting, trying to find a way to return from the dark place they had gone. 
 Taking a few minutes to acknowledge my remark, he then finally produces a robotic nod. His body appeared to be confused, moving as if trying to make two different decisions. Watching him trying to function made my whole face wince.
“It’s never going to work if he keeps moving like this.” I began to think as I bit my lip. 
Awaiting orders he stood there, watching me put the shoe back on. Letting out a small groan, I realized that my foot was almost completely normal now. I wanted to curse myself for being too quick to tell Nero everything. I let my emotions get the best of me. Perhaps it was what she wanted though.
The further away from the ocean we got, the more we felt like ourselves. It was giving me hope that we were going to be okay. Maybe once we were home the energy couldn’t reach us anymore. The groggy, hazed feeling of being on some strange narcotic seemed to be wearing off. I had to make sure to stay watchful of any alarming behavior from either of us. I kept watching him all the way home to see if he would show some kind of remission from the damage. 
“This is going to have to take a lot of control.” I thought.




chapter  12 SKIN DEEP


For the next two years we had no trouble keeping the secret. I convinced myself that the strange incident was a hallucination; a passing illness or weird, adolescent growth change.In time, we seemed to acquire an immunity to the water’s fluctuating, subliminal influence. 
Anna continued to be the terror that she was. She wasn’t about to let her investigation of me go. She just became subtle about it. After the broken vase she kept arespectful distance. Her eyes never stopped searching though.
Nero and I liked combing through new books at the library. When we weren’t there, he waited for me in the pews, while I studied with some of the sisters at our church. Not once did the open-hearted ladies question the motive of my noble escort. Knowing our family history, they beamed with encouraging joy towards him.Often, they took time to praise him for seeing to my safe passage. ‘There wasn’t a major problem with crime in the town, but one can never be too careful.’They pointed out regularly. 
I went out of my way to make sure we avoided the sea. Nero didn’t seem like he remembered anything about the event that forced him into servitude. Contrary-wise,every considerable effort was made to guarantee that I didn’t forget. If thesea water truly was the origin of my disabilities, then no matter how welcoming or conventional it made me feel, I had to stay away. Nero was becoming jittery and I needed to keep him safe.
Drawing the exact location and moment in time, I tested my companion’s memory. He reacted as if it held no meaning to him. All he understood now was that he needed to constantly protect me. We were like blind pawns in a predetermined game, waiting for the chess master to move us to our fate. 
Free will became a myth. All of our efforts to control our own lives did no good. The spirit in the ocean was biding her time. She remained hidden, where she stayedinfluential the strongest. I believe she was waiting for something in time that she was aware of. She knew something was going to happen and then she’d strike.
Once she decided to send her heralding call, I’d be forced to face the experience again. When the sound is coming from inside your head, there is no place that one could not hear it. Not even the blessed walls of the church kept me safe. I began to fear the worst. If the ocean could reach me in a house of God I worried, then perhaps it was not God’s intent to save me.
That terrible negative itch, that doubt injected into me,by my own experiences had my devoted faith shaken. I feared to discuss what happened on the beach with anyone at church. What would they honestly think after all? Twice I began to, but Mother seemed to know. 
The ocean had an unmatched, incomparable sound that triggered an ingrained, psycho-chemical reaction in us.There was no way of gaining control. She seemed to likegetting louder just before I spoke. It caused headaches, pressuring me to go home. Whatever this secret was, she had the upper hand for now. 
The feelings this salty force gave took away my ability to decipher between good and evil. The sisters and I spoke much about the temptations of Lucifer. I knew the things the mother ocean voice requested me to do were against our moral ethics. In a separate perspective, her rationality seemed to act as a mother’s love. Trying to make the best decision for my own good. And how could that be seen as impious? I wondered. 
As I matured, my evenings became a habit of lying in a ball, shivering with endurance from a full day of power struggling with those unmistakable sounds. The hunting way it stalked me, even away from the shore was remarkable. My half-life ambitions were replaced by depression, weakening my auric field energies.(In some scientific circles, they call it electromagnetic energy)
It was exhausting tonot give into whatever mother ocean demanded.Several times I almost gave up and went running back to the water. Instead I’d get up quietly, get my rosary and lose myself in prayer to St. Michael until I fell asleep wherever I may be. 
 How enigmatic the universe can be, to silently make changes within our atmosphere, connected by the unseen electromagnetic force that perpetuates everyone and everything at its deepest origin. And yet when we see an eclipse it’s just an eclipse. God’s magic… right? 
On this remarkable day, it was as if all the boys in the parish were inherently turned on by the ocean’s frequency.All at once. The adults were afflicted the most. Though there was no indication that they actually heard the sound, it was undeniablynoticeable that they were receiving her signal. 
How was this horrible combination of my charming voice, and bewitching presence able to have such an effect over them? The chemisorption it created seemed unstoppable. My “scent” became like fresh golden sweet honey to a bear. After everyone went to sleep, I began practicing controlling it. If I was able to pull my energy away from Nero the first time, there was hope I could do it again. 
The highpoint of puberty nearly sabotaged everything. With a house full of teenagers, my chances for success were losing ground fast. Failure in the research was not helping my optimism. This repulsive side effect of my disease was something deeply encoded in my DNA. Something I wasn’t going to be able to eradicate it easily. 
Under duress I practiced on Nero. Sometimes it had to be done when he wasn’t paying attention. And when he was, he got dangerously close to getting out of hand a few times. It was a blessing that no one ever noticed. We didn’t need the shame on our family if someone discovered my cousin lusting after me.
Anna complained enough about us spending too much time together. And with Nero being at a loss for words these days, I was the one who had to come up with excuses. Normally,it was easy to point the blame at Anna for being the way she was. Sometimes it made her back off, but only for a while. 
The looming,ethereal thing living on Anna’s strife strengthened. Providing her with this magnified power,she believed that she was getting closer to proving what I really was. I don’t imagine she understood the reason for her emotions anymore. 
Ultimately,we had to give up our attempts to research what was wrong with me. Responding from hermistrusts, Anna was now determined to follow me around even more. Several times I heard her whispering to her father about hersuspicions. She vowed to prove it to him.
 Through the sly of shadowy halls, she harkened to her father that Nero and I were in love,involved in an unapproved courtship behind everyone’s backs. She promised him she would catch us. When Nero tried to caress my hair in front of her, she almost got what she wanted. 
Dealing with his constant, carnal desires was posing even further difficulties on my searching. Finding him sleeping on the floor beside my bed in the middle of the night started causing me a lot of stress. As if I needed more. It was worse than having to send a child back to bed. Some nights he begged me to kiss him. At first I refused, fearing that God would lash out at us. I started having to make him promises I had no intention of keeping.
Thinking I could sway my poor, enslaved cousin by bribing him was an egotistical misconception. Making the situation worse, sometimes I had to go through with them or he refused to move. I don’t know what scared me more, his aggression or his devotion. I began letting him sit on the bed and touch me for a few minutes to justify everything I was putting him through. Having to shed my morality for my safety ate hard at my soul. 
Happy in his bliss, Nero never noticed how I cringed. Keeping my eyes closed, I pretended I wasn’t there. I didn’t want to hear him touching himself. The energy this debauchery created made me want to vomit. Praying was the only thing I could do to take my mind away.
When he started getting into fights with the other boys at school, uncle threatened to expel him. Of course, the brawls were about me. Putting her nose where it didn’t belong, Anna made sure to get involved. She thought it a good idea to prod the boys for information for her father. She’d lead and provoke them into blaming Nero for starting everything. Wary from it all, uncle began mentally planning to send me to missionary school to become a nun like I wanted.
Knowing how Nero would react to the mere suggestion, I had to act fast. It was growing ever more pressingly urgent that I had to either get this under control or get out… soon. Thank goodness, Oliver didn’t seem old enough to be affected by my disease yet. I didn’t want to waste that short time I had left.
The fear of having double the problem in a couple of years weighed heavy. The hope of finding a cure in that timeframe was little to none. Learning to control my power the right way started to seem like it was never going to happen. One contorted failure piled onto another. The only progress I made was manipulating Nero into a hypnotic state, preventing him from lashing out anymore.
The worst part was witnessing how he loomed over his desk, staring into space, never responding unless I poked at him first. Having to mentally maneuver around his ever-flowing stream of vulgar thoughts about me was disgusting. After school I lectured him hard. I told him he needed to try to pay more attention and do his class work. The connection between us became so fused, any kind of recovery for him seemed hopeless. His best chance was for me to get away from him. 
Without proper research, finding a cure was nothing but dead ends. People didn’t want to talk about things they feared. With Nero rapidly deteriorating, Anna pushing for my exile, and all the other ongoing troubles, I started working toward my final decision. It was time to make plans to get out. I was old enough to work now.Perhaps mama would take me back. At least I thought, in her care I’d be safe. 
 Once she’d heard of all that’s gone on here, I knew mama wouldn't force me to leave her care. That noble trait was something she didn’t seem to run out of. Perhaps, I chose to believe, this was what God intended in the first place. With all my wearied suffering from the tortures of this place, the idea was admissible enough. How my oceanic mother would react to all of this I did not know. Other than her continuous concealed sound, vocalizing like a ricocheting echo in my brain, she only spoke to me that which served her hidden purpose. 
By the end of my fourteenth summer as a human, I read five types of biblical texts cover to cover, five times. They all had different types of creatures their society feared. Some like me. Some with powers like mine. Most of them were referred to as witches, soothsayers, fortune tellers, or worse for my religion… demons. Things that might prevent me from getting into the church convent, at least as a nun. 
After that, having a lot of interaction with people started feeling like a really baddecision. At any time I could change again once the ocean called me. My aunt had other plans. She was a great sympathizer for pathetic souls, the lost causes. She chose to become my kindred spirit in salvation. Whether it was our church’s idea or her own, she made it her mission to try to save me. 
Every week, she started taking me to the art gallery. The naïve, hopeful in me almost enjoyed it, especially the relief it gave me from Anna. Her real reason may have been because she was worried that Anna’s accusations about me and Nero were true. I didn’t care. I was grateful to be pulled from the grip of them both. 
Even through all the stress and trouble going on, my aunt was still an artist. Naturally observant, it was easy for her to see the issues, even though she chose to run from them. Forever casting scowl glances at Nero, trying her best to lock eyes, he wouldn’t budge. Even when she spoke to him, it took several times before he acknowledged her. Her once beautiful, carefree expression was all but a dying memory. Nothing could've convinced me that I wasn’t responsible for this, first by stealing her energy, and now by stealing her son. 
It was so easy to fall in love with the gallery. Voicing my excitement about it seemed to make her feel better too. Secretly, I became anxious for any chance to get away from Nero. Being afraid of him was more than I could handle. What if heloses control his lust?What if he suddenly woke up and decided to do or say something to alarm everyone of what I had done to him? I worried.
Ever tense and irritable from the atmosphere, even the younger two were losing their gleaming light. I was weakening fast from the lack of positive ether. Not only did this cause me to be vulnerable to Anna’s attacks, it also made it harder to focus. Without an abundant source for this nourishment, pretty soon I wouldn't be able to control Nero at all. Unless guided by an appropriate chaperone, I dared not to seek it outside our home too often.
And how much longer did we have? The probability was unforeseen. Nero’s appearance ever becoming as lost and grim as his tormented way of functioning through life. Growing paler, skinnier, his hair barely brushed most days. Too many people were beginning to notice, voicing their concern to my uncle that Nero might have a serious illness. 
To most people his attitude was curt and harsh, wishing to be rid of them as quickly as possible. Focusing on me was the only thing he cared about. At first it was only a gradual incline of bad incidents. Once my teen-aged body and hormones were in full bloom, his behavior threatened to become impossibly unstoppable. With neither the time nor strength to constantly keep him under control, some deviant part of him was free to think and act on its own accord. That always consisted of him being obsessed with his fictitious, misguided plans.
His bond with his beloved little brother suffered the worst. Hushed talk of sending Nero away to an asylum began. My heart felt like it was beginning to bleed out from all the pain I was causing them. Yet they were kind enough never to burden Luisa about it. 
Days at the gallery couldn’t last long enough. For a while we created a feast of positive energy in those rooms. The largest viewing room housed a cozy fireplace, along with a small sitting area for visitors to relax while enjoying robust coffee and fresh pastries from next door. A place flowing with creative energy was just what I needed to recharge and rebuild my strength. I couldn’t soak it up enough. From paintings to sculptures to quaint little crafts by local artists, it was a myriad of eye-catching wonders.
Nothing could have been more relieving to me. I thanked God for opening this door when I was beginning to lose faith. Surely, I believed, this had to be a sign of his grace. For no other miracle could have seemed as custom made for me at this place. Blissfully relaxed, engrossed in our work, we didn’t notice the increasing flow of male customers. Engaged in creating my own little worlds, painting was the only thing that seemed to free me from feeling the presence of others. On a particular day however, there were just too many men in the room at once. 
Forgetting the comment I intended to make to Olivia, the cheer drained from my face as I looked up. I frowned at the many curious male patrons slowly grouping closer to my vicinity. Right away I knew some of them intended to try to start a conversation with me. With a pleading look toward my aunt, I shifted in my seat. Her back happened to be turned, occupied with selling a large vase to an upscale client. This I knew was an important sale.Disrupting could ruin it for her. 
Ideas of marriage or not, I wasn’t going to give these men with their dirty thoughts a chance to speak to me. Not wanting to hear any more of it, without a word I quickly made for the back room. It was divided into a small, cider colored kitchen space, and another sitting area on the side, whimsically decorated for when Olivia hosted parties for her boss. She was also having an affair with him, but I was not about to let on about that. We already had enough to deal with at home and my poor uncle didn’t look like he could take more bad news. 
To all the puzzled faces questioning my abrupt departure, I heard her giving out some small apologetic excuse. She told them about my being deeply shy and sensitive and not used to compliments. My place of joy was ruined. The perverse nature of this disease started putting my aunt in danger. Sick with the affliction I was causing, a profusion of men started lingering around her much too intimately. Some were so bold as to whisper suggestive vulgar remarks, jeering and cutting dirty looks at her. Though she took it rather cordially, I could tell in most cases it made her extremely uneasy. 



chapter  13 THE OTHERS


The problems sped up after that. What happened to my foot on the beach decided to happen again. Forced to witness the ghastly toeless thing where my foot once was, my heart froze. Sitting on the edge of the white porcelain tub, I tried to make up believable excuses in case I needed them. 
There was no way I was going to be able to get away with not taking a bath. In desperation I begged her to make it stop. I attempted washing myself with a damp cloth. Immediately the shimmering pearl-blue gleam rippled with the first touch of moisture. My face gaped open in horror. Fearing any kind of wetness upon my skin, I fought back the urge to cry. 
There was no way I could put off leaving now. After concealing my foot in a make-shift bandage, I dressed quickly and hurried to the bedroom. Anna and Cassie were still downstairs finishing up the chores, which left me little time to decide what to take with me. Looking around for something to carry things in, my gaze stopped at a photograph of all of us together in front of the house. One of Aunt Olivia’s friends took it for her. Limping over to it, I decided to take it for whatever reason. Sentimental that I was, it felt nice to take some memento to remind me of the small happy moments here.
As I moved to the closet my foot starts tingling, like pins and needles. Surprised, I try wiggling my toes. They were indeed returning. Even though this was a good sign, I wanted to continue. It was getting too dangerous to change my mind. There was no way of knowing when disaster will strike. 
What if all it takes is for one of them to accidentally spill water on me? I feared. One thing was clear, sooner or later they were going to see the truth. While stuffing clothes into a pillowcase, I worked up a plan. Returning to my human mother was no good now. Nero was sure to look there first. And what if he didn’t stop looking? I didn’t want to take him with me. 
Even if Uncle chose to let me stay lost for the good of his family, I feared how the rumors would shame Mama Luisa. A human’s body is comparably fragile. Age, environment, and emotion are too easy an influence on their lifespan. Her death was the last one I wanted on my hands. Papa deserved that much from me.
Yawning, I contemplated ways around having to take Nero. It killed me to have to leave without being able to cure him. Taking him in the condition he was in would undoubtedly cause problems with other males wherever we went. He had to be left behind I decided. No matter what, for his own good. Anna and Cassie were on their way up. Wanting to be in bed before they come in, I got on my knees for a quick evening prayer. 
Perhaps waiting a few more nights to develop a solid plan would be best since my foot seemed better, I considered. Why it didn’t occur to me to just try drying it I don’t know. I am a pessimist after all, and sometimes the obvious completely eludes me. I actually considered telling Anna I that was leaving, thinking perhaps she could make Nero stay somehow. 
The first time I actually dream-walked was right before morning. Startled and shaken, I knew right away that it was nothing like having a normal dream. Nowadays, scientists have all kinds of theories involving brain waves, nerve activity, even mental illnesses. Whether out of pride or fear, the field of parapsychology isn't even considered among the mainstream departments of science. 
Over the years there have been many underground top-secret experiments. Generally, they are conducted by a military or government for national security, or as a means for developing new approaches for war strategies. The end results have always been the same, inconclusive. Case closed. 
Try as I may, my endeavors to correspond with anyone who might be able to give me legitimate answers always ended the same. For years it went on this way.From the first time I discovered this resource as a possibility. My letters consisted of politely asking how two people, having never met nor having acknowledgment of one another’s existence, can dream about one another, hold a conversation, and then somehow through coincidence or other unexplained phenomena, witness proof that this exchange took place as the outcome presents itself in the waking world. I know that’s a lot to take in, I apologize.
Most of them never answered, probably thinking I was insane or not important enough to bother with. Once I realized how to word what I wanted to say, a few started taking me seriously. They asked to talk to me in person. With respect, I chose to decline. Soon after, my email address changed. I don’t think I need to explain why I said no. 
Surreal is the only way to describe it. Standing there, totally conscious, observing your sleeping body, knowing damn well you are asleep. In a deliberate determination, your mind makes you use all of your senses, to recognize and acknowledge everything that is going on. And there is this nagging notation in the back noise to remember it all. Is there some sort of neural on/off switch? Some, I have read, seem to think so.
The frightening changes in my energy field was the first thing I noticed as I began to turn around. My arm moved in a trailing, white, misty blur from one position to the other. My entire body stirred with such force of speed that I couldn’t focus on any one solid object when I moved. It crossed my mind that perhaps I died in my sleep, that this was the only way my disease could have ended.In theory, perhaps it was like moving at the speed of light, maybe faster as newer studies claim. 
What seemed like only a second later, I was standing in an enormous, deep turquoise blue, domed shaped room. It was filled with some of the most beautifully perfected mosaics I've ever seen. One could not view this without being mystified. My sheerest desire was to walk around and view them closer.
From what I could tell, they were made of pearls, shells, and other semi-precious gems. If I don’t examine them now I thought, it is likely I will never see anything this magnificent again. This dazzling type of architecture couldn’t be real. How can anyone mine this much turquoise to build something so majestic? 
Though unrecognizable, his presence was profound, and strong. No human had energy like this, Iabsorbed. Once I realized I wasn’t alone, Ifroze. I was afraid to turn around, to face whatever it was. The voice was low at first, the second time it called out my real name. Right away it was clear. His voice had that same hypnotic melodic ringing sound. And it was surprisingly harmonic to my own. 
“Marcelliene, don’t’ be frightened.” David called.
“We’ve been looking endlessly for you for many days.”
Speechless, terrified of what kind of demon might be standing behind me, I hesitated. Considering all the things we were taught at church,at first I was astonished it hadn’t attacked me already. ‘Well, why would it attack me,’ I concluded, ‘since I’m one of its own kind.’
Swallowing hard, I gathered the courage to face his voice. Covering my mouth, my eyes went wide. I tried not to gasp too loud at what I was seeing. My first impression of him was nothing true to what I ever expected. Covering his smooth, pale skin were sleek, iridescent glassy scales. The way they shimmered was too mesmerizing to behold. I loved how when the light caught them just right, they seemed to glow. 
There were no signs of tiny scars or cuts. His beautiful eyes were like clear, blue crystal. They were fixed intense upon me, in a way as if he were studying my every response. His sandy blond hair was short at the neck and ears, but his bangs were slightly longer and angled. Though he was joined by two other males with much of the same resemblance, I felt compelled to keep my attention on him the most. 
A sublime feeling in the air told me that they had control over this. Anxious as I was to speak, I believed it best not to. While they analyzed me, they smiled, keeping their features kind. Their posture further expressed no intentions of a threat. They were waiting for me to adjust, to see how best to approach me with what they had to say. 
I don’t know if I could have spoken if I wanted to. Overwhelmed, I closed my mouth and lowered my hands, letting my eyes rotate between the three of them.It didn’t take long to become distracted by the vibrant, colorful energies emerging from these prevailing figures. Somehow, they were creating pictures into my mind, as if entertaining a baby. The calming feeling was almost the strongest I’ve ever felt. They were preparing me for what was to come next, ensuring my mood was right. A tactic I finalized, that must be a trait amongst our kind. 
They continued to stand there in a peaceful silence. On occasion, they’d glance at each other using quaint, subtle gestures. Sometimesexchanging responses through their faces, I watched the interesting rapport. Through my semi-trance, it finally dawned on me that I couldn’t read their thoughts. 
David began approaching me as my eye caught view of it, flowing ever so natural in the eclipse of the translucent waters that I never noticed. I groaned, not really surprised with everything going on up to this point. But why did it have to be blue? A dark, indigo-blue… almost black,highlighted with an evanescent like tint of shades of lighter blue. Near the bottom, it reflected sunset orange, and pink in different angles of light. 
‘A demon with a tail of all things.’My disappointed thoughts repeated. I couldn’t stop staring. How could I have not known we were in water?
Seeing my miserable expression, David produced an uncomfortable smile, as if he were trying to apologize without proper words. He shook his head to confirm something, sighingloud and heavy. Looking up, I gave him a pleading gesture, hoping he understood how tough this was for me. No one ever believes what they see in a dream. 



14 DREAM WALKING/ THE HOMECOMING


“Well,” David pronounces with a casual tone.
“Let’s just get rid of that annoying thing, now shall we?” He smiled. 
“I always did find them a bit of a nuisance.”
There was a familiar feeling about him. I couldn’t tell if it was because of the spell he cast on me, or something else. Trying to laugh off my horror, he waved his arm across my tail. The water rippled in sync to the movement. It made me smile to see my legs again. The trance was over. He must have been satisfied with my responsiveness. My head still felt dizzy, distorted, as if the trance could be renewed at any moment. Perhaps it was his gentle way of warning me to stay calm. 
“After all, we really don’t use it much except for travel,” he remarked. 
David had a contagious smile if there ever was one. Before I could stop myself, I was smiling with him. Though his eyes revealed centuries of wisdom, his boyish grin disclosed his playful light-hearted nature. 
Uncertain of how to approach, I anxiously awaited answers. I didn’t have to wait long. Returning to a more serious expression, he seemed to be pressed for time. David was caught between wanting to sooth my fears and enjoy the victory of finding me. Something graver was also on his mind. 
“Marcelliene…” he said, careful of his words. “I know you have a lot of questions. But I’m afraid now is not the time to answer them. There are time limits on how long we can keep portals like this open.” Before he spoke again, he glanced to the other two and nodded. 
That’s when I realized they were talking to each other. Whatever they were saying, they didn’t want me to know. Satisfied, he returned his attention back to me. The solemn, remorseful look of sympathy he wore made me beyond nervous. My life was becoming a pattern of happy moments, followed by dark regretful outcomes. It wasn’t looking to change in this case either. 
“We are coming to bring you home and should be there soon.” David chose to take a long, deep breath before continuing.
“You’re going to have to do something and you’re not going to like it.” He warned as he frowned a moment. Crinkling his eyes, he continued.
“The damage is too great to repair now. You really have no choice anymore.” He takes another breath. David stopped and studied my face.
“I’m afraid what’s happened is irreversible and there is no cure.” I knew what was coming but I didn’t want to believe. With a grim expression he tilted his head as he shook it. 
“I’m sorry my dear, but you’re going to have to extinguish the life of your human cousin, Nero.”His face revealed the awful pain he felt from those words.
“It’s the only way his soul will ever be at peace now.”
There it was. That doomed outcome that always seemed to follow anything I started to enjoy. Was I ever meant for happiness? I wondered. I refused to believe what I was hearing. 
This is just a dream, I reminded myself angrily. A terrible nightmare brought on by all the stress and pressure I’ve been under. And it couldn’t have shown up at a more perfect time than right as I was making decisions about my departure. 
“No! Never! I will never do that!” Finally able to use my voice, I shouted. Realizing something important, I scoffed … 
“I don’t even know who you people are!” I yelled as I scowled at them. 
It was time to break out of their world. Panicked, I was determined to wake myself from this nightmare. Something about being in their company made me feel more like a small child and less like an adolescent. How could they request that of me? Even though my intuition told me they were right. I still refused to do it. 
The two blonds with the same haircut behind David regarded each other. Frowning and nodding, they were probably deep in conversation about me. David continued to stand with his arms crossed. He looked helplessly passive, wanting to console me yet feeling awkward about it. I could feel the trance coming on again. They all knew I was trying to escape. I pulled all my strength together to fight them.
“I understand your sentiments very well towards the humans Marcelliene.” David began again. His eyes returned to that intense focused stare. Even though I refused to meet his gaze, I felt his power still working on me. 
“Your real mother specifically chose me because I too lived among humans for an extended amount of time… far longer than you.” He informed as his face softened. Uncrossing his arms, he shifted his weight from one foot to the other.
“I have witnessed some of their greatest civilizations rise and fall.” He announced, holding his hands out.
 “I've collected immeasurable amounts of knowledge on them, and still continue to as part of my responsibilities to our society. In fact, I regret that I have had to destroy some of them myself.” Biting his lip, David looked down again. The other two looked uncomfortable by his show of vulnerability.
‘He has memories he’s hiding,’ I noted.
Unable to speak, he allowed himself to project the images of a beautiful woman with dark red hair and glimmering green eyes. She was humming cheerfully as she bathed in a misty lake, somewhere deep within the rolling hills of Europe, probably centuries before my time. 
The sensations in this image helped me to comprehend what he couldn’t bring himself to acknowledge. He loved her. This lovely, fragile human woman… he missed her. What was it he had to so painfully decide? His symphonic voice broke me free of the vision.
“You will know what to do when it’s time,” David interrupted. I suspect the disruption was intentional.
 “Your instincts will take over, and you won’t be able to control yourself my dear.” His compassion was strong, much stronger than the others. 
“I thought it best to warn you before…” He trailed off and looked at the others. 
 My guess was that they were inexperienced. It now amuses me how they looked and behaved like monks.
“It is very unfortunate we have to do this sometimes,” David continued. “But it is cruel and unfair for us to let him suffer. Isn’t it?” The question I knew was rhetorical. 
“We try to keep our interactions with humans to a rarity because of situations just like this.” David explained gently. Noticing my anger building he adds:
“He would perish anyway once you left.” The concern in David’s voice was sincere.
“His fragile human soul has a kind of… infection.” David explained.
“His body is only sustaining his life now to provide for you and your desires.” David seemed embarrassed that we had the ability to do this. As horrifying as this bad news was, I had no choice but to listen. 
“When you leave, he won’t even be able to feed himself, and would soon die of starvation,” David stressed his point, hoping I’d be reasonable. 
“If he were to last that long without your hold on him.” 
“You know this from experience,” I answered somberly. 
I was guessing. I knew from the feelings in the vision, that wasn’t the fate of the beautiful ivory skinned, red haired maiden. He adored her. There was someone else, someone he was hiding from me. As if he knew my thoughts, he nodded gravely. The other two glanced at each other, then looked back towards me with respectful compassion. 
Reluctant to accept what he was saying, I sighed. I wanted to rage and scream at them. I couldn’t. Somehow, I knew that he was telling the truth. 
Pale and malnourished, the way Nero was looking these days was almost enough to prove that this strangely alluring, fishy creature was correct. Mysterious as he was, I still had no way of knowing if he was real. 
‘Dreams are just dreams,’ I reminded myself. As if to ensure me, David spoke up.
“We must go now Marcelliene.” He gently announced. “We will see you soon… Be strong.”
Before I could say anything, they were gone. For a moment I looked at the empty space around me, too disfigured to focus on now. Disgusted with my strange body I looked down, fearing my legs were replaced again. They were there.
I wanted to stay longer. To take down details in case I’d be able to research some of the carvings. The pulling was stronger than my will. I grasped at the air around me to hold on, to remain. Then it came as clear as a bell, Her song. And in the next blink, I was sitting up awake in my bed. 



chapter  15 REVELATIONS OF A MURDERER


Mermaid! Hearing myself think this word was the call that awakened me. I wanted to remember returning to my body. Unfortunately, the journey was lost. It was unclear whether they planned for me to wake up this way or not. All I remembered was seeing my feet, listening to her sing, and suddenly thinking that word. There was a flash image of my tail, and then in an instant…I was awake. 
At once the stories and fables from my childhood came rushing back. My own kind, I gulped. Having to accept it sent a rush of confusion swirling about my head. My anxiety was making me dizzy enough to lie back down with my eyes open. It was only a dream, I tried to convince myself. 
The problem with this was, it was the one of the first dreams I’ve ever had. I had no idea what it was supposed to be like. There was nothing personal for me to compare to. No experiences of my own that is. It was a subject the adults just seemed to brush off. To experience what a dream was may have had some differences for my species. This one left too many things unanswered, and too curious to ignore.
Of course, I listened to other children talk about theirs. I was always told perhaps I just didn’t remember mine because of the “boat accident.” From the start of our miserable time together, Anna made sure that I knew I wasn’t family by blood. She claimed to her mother it was by accident that she blurted it out. We knew better. 
And what a first dream experience to have. Every sentence clear, every sight was solid as if I could really touch it. Are dreams supposed to feel like this? With its disturbing content, who do I dare even ask to compare it to? 
 As the sun began making its morning appearance, I recounted everything about the dream. The plan was to write it later if there was time. When comparing to the information I knew about mermaids, too much of it started to make sense. And unfortunately, he was right. In many of the stories about mermaids, they were dangerous creatures’ sailors did not want to meet up with. Why had it never dawned on me to consider this before? Was it because mermaids seemed far more unrealistic and less likely to exist than demons? My thoughts wereendless.
The marred subconscious in me found the answer. All my human life, I was consumed by being devoted to my mother’s catholic religion. Naive as it probably was, believing that it was my solution to becoming normal felt no different than believing in other miracles. After all,many people were healed of their ailments in the bible. 
Nothing was ever as important to me as obeying God. Clearly, I was too obsessed with Anna’s accusations. Being tormented by ideas of religious adversaries, prevented me from see other possibilities. Naturally, when religion is your life, your life is all about religion. 
The mysterious mermen never once spoke of the human God. Perhaps they didn’t know anything about miracles, or mercy, or salvation. Perhaps what they knew, they didn’t want to tell me. There was also the very real chance that they were lying, and just trying to manipulate me. For now, I decided, it was just not real. 
Nonetheless, there was something far too sincere about David’s face when he spoke of his time with humans. In fact, none of them seemed the slightest bit pleased to bring me bad news. Through a heavy sigh, I struggled back and forth, trying to decide what was right. I refused to believe they knew everything, they couldn’t.There has to be a chance for Nero to be saved, they just never found one. 
The creaky sound of the doorknob turning,roused my feelings of imminent defeat. My heart sank. Standing in the doorway was Nero.His infected,brittle, dying body looked worse than ever. Looking at him, I recalledwhat David said about Nero’s condition. Turning my face, I tried not to cry, taking slow steady breaths to center my focus. He walked into the room, unresponsive.The attempts to assert my control over him, useless. 
“We’ve got to leave today Mari, let’s go now. I can’t take it anymore… I can’t take having to be away from you anymore.” From the sound of his voice, he acted as if being away from me for even the slightest second was becoming excruciating torture. 
‘How could I continue this…?’ I had to consider. I’d have to continue enabling the depression that came with watching over him. 
Gaping at me with thatpainful, longing desire, Nero decided to sit down on the bed. Everything about him now seemed to beg for an end.Nero had become somewhat like what some cultures call a golem. A zombie like creature driven with the will only to serve its creator; edging dangerously close to breaking free, causing great utter chaos to those around it. Painful to admit, those mer-creatures were right. I couldn’t let him suffer any longer. Leaning over to him I kissed his cheek, rubbing his hair in pity like a dog on its last leg. 
“Alright Nero, alright.” I declared, hiding the sadness in my voice.
“We’ll go now. But first we’re going to pray.” 
I begged God one last time for a miracle, or a sign to tell me what to do. Nothing, silence for an answer. Nero stood guard at the door as I looked through my closet with its boundless collection of over extravagant fashionable dresses. My aunt loved to spoil us.
Moving quick, I chose the most stimulating, provocative one. A shimmery green party gown that revealed the most voluptuous fleshy parts of myself. I don’t even know what my aunt could’ve been thinking when she bought this one.But these days she seemed more eager to give us away to a delighted husband more than ever. 
Thinking ahead didn’t seem to be possible anymore. Time was moving fast, and soon the others would be waking up. I had to push back the grief from my guilt. Emotions weren’t going to help me anymore. Biting my lip, I wondered how God was going to feel about what I was getting ready to do. 
To know something is a sin and still go through with it has got to come with an ultimately bad price. I’d be going against all sentient, moral ethics, and committed religious beliefs I held dear. Sitting my clothes on the bed, I forced myself to caress Nero’s hair with a seductive touch while staring into his sunken face. His drifting, hollow eyes were doing all they could to stay focused on any one thing for longer than a few seconds. 
“Go outside and wait for me,” I cooed to him.
“Be as quiet as you can. After I’m dressed, I’ll bring what we need down with me.” The smile I forced didn’t seem convincing to me, but he bought it.
“It will only be a few minutes. Then we can start together. Just the two of us.” I whispered the last part, blowing directly on his dry dehydrated mouth. 
At first, he wanted to resist, to say no. Licking his lips, he moved closerto me.His energy began wrapping itself around my body. Its dull, dark orange colors, branched off in tiny ribbons, searching for locations susceptible to penetration. Standing up, I stepped back to gain the upper hand. It gave me the room I needed to summon the essence my body procures to stimulate hypnosis.When he wanted to hesitate, to try to think for himself, it was my only solution. It disgusted me. 
Defeated by an inexorable lust, his eyes rolled back. Taking in the sweet scent I impressed onto him, his nostrils flared.He began to reach for his crotch, moaning weakly. His aura stopped trying to dominate mine. His breathing grew excited, heavier. He started reaching into his pants. Caught up in his own guilty pleasure, he seemed to forget that I was even in the room. 
‘Maybe I’m overdoing it,’ I considered. 
There was no way of knowing how much of my sweetened poison I’d fed him. The regret of lost time and undiscovered answers was to blame. I wanted to hold Anna accountable for all of this. Had she never put the ideas into my head, I may have been able to manifest a different future, possibly a normal life for myself. ‘Nero’s death will be on her hands.’ I vowed. How I wanted to make her pay. 
“Nero!” I whispered crossly. “Go now, hurry up before someone wakes up.” I pointed to the nearby window, revealing morning was on the verge of bringing the household to life. 
 My harsh words struck him hard enough to reawaken his attention. After flinching he nodded with a peaceful smile, not one bit embarrassed about what he was doing. With a forlorn expression, he removed his hand from his pants. Standing up, he left without debate. Sighing, cursing myself, I longed to feel empathy for him. Listening to his footsteps descending down the stairs, I started undressing as quick as I could. 
“He’s too far gone.” David whispered from nowhere. 
“It will only make things harder.” 
I scrunched my face; trying to figure out if the voice was coming from inside, or outside my head. Looking around, it wasn’t easy to stay calm, knowing that someone’s life was about to end. This thing we share in common with humans is far too intoxicating and addicting. Adrenaline, a powerful chemical that can both harm, and save lives.
Although I wanted to prolong things to buy God some time for a miracle, I knew I shouldn’t. Quickly pulling the dress on and wrapping a long black overcoat around it, I made my way to the stairs. The sun was beginning to peak through the curtains. We needed to get where we were going, and soon. There was no time to back out now.
“C’mon Nero.” Opening the front door, I grabbed his hand.
“It’s time to start a new life.”
The hypnotic stupor encompassing him as he walked must have kept him from realizing where we were going. His pitiful erection far too preoccupying, prevented his mind from noticing that same sandy path. Somewhere between the door and the road, her song started playing again. Once I was connected to her, my own soul lost all rationality. I practically dragged him back down to the beach. 
“Mari, what are you doing? Why are you taking us here for?” 
Nero stopped and looked around. His eyes gave the faintest clues that he was beginning to remember. Again I grabbed his hand, tugging at him in a hasty effort to keep him moving. People were starting to walk towards the docks now. Businesses would soon be opening for the day. The fear of being seen made an impulsive motivation. 
“Come with me Nero.” I encouraged him in a sing song voice.
“There’s something we have to do before we leave. It’s down here… down this way.” I explained with a nonchalant wave of my hand.
Further pushing my bidding into his thoughts forced his attention to remain blind sighted. A momentary, wistful glance from me and he began walking again. Grateful that it was he who was chosen to go with me, he didn’t really care where I was leading him. 
Just like before, the song became louder as we moved closer to its source. Only this time, she seemed more foreboding. The tears were coming… even though I tried to hide them. Crying would definitely alarm him if he noticed.It was harder to control Nero when he knew something was troubling me. Turning my head, I wiped my face. Keeping my back to him, we walked towards the edge of the water. Oblivious, wandering in his own little world, Nero caressed my hand. 
The sound of the rolling waves building momentum before crashing seemed much more alive, as if the water was…expecting excitement. A hungering primeval feeling, tantric and supernal; called to overcome my senses. The closer we got to the sea, the more the human side of me stayed behind. Mari was being sacrificed to something in the ocean that was begging to heal… the real me. 
The changes happened before I even knew it. Playfully swaying my hips, I walked without guilt or grief. We arrived at the water’s edge. The salty, aromatic pleasures of the sea rushing towards us made my body tingle. A low ringing in my ears started to hum a charismatic vibration. Letting go of his hand I took my coat off. Batting my lashes, I watched his eyes widen at the sight of my barely covered flesh. 
Sea foam to mermaids is like fairy dust to fairies. A manipulation tool in our bag of tricks to lure our catch. It holds in it, its own kind of magic that only we know how to use. Humans are inadvertently more driven by their sense of smell than they can understand. And their ignorance is something we definitely count on. 
My mind was crossing over to an unknown region of thought. A strange irresistible predatory desire started to prevail. No more cognitive reasoning. No longer was there worry of sin and consequences. Gone was any fear of evil or damnation. A calm, instinct focused on eradication was now in control. I was ecstatically charged and armed with erotic ammunition. For unlawful, carnal knowledge. 
Without remorse, there was no longer any desire to struggle. I grabbed Nero, heaving his body into my baring cleavage. His eyes came alive, and like an arrow shot straight for my chest. Of course, my breasts developed twice the size as the other girls my age, survival instinct.Yearning for a taste of me, Nero licked his parched lips. The poor fool was thinking that he was finally going to be rewarded. 
“We need do something very important Nero.” The notes in my voice were now a slow sultry tune, producing the perfect Fortuna for hypnosis. 
“I’ve decided to let you undress me and love me the way you’ve always wanted to.” Raising his head with my hand, I gave him a coy smile.
“Now you must follow me and don’t argue.” I forced his eyes to remain locked with mine.
“God has told me, the only way to be forgiven is if our first time together be in the cleansing waters of the sea.”
Nero’s excitement was at the boiling point now. It never made any difference to him whether God forgave us or not. Who knows if he even cared or believed in God anymore? Predetermined, I examined what I could of what was inside his brain, his thoughts, reactions. In one last attempt, I searched for a way to reverse the damage. Each analysis left me more depressed than the last. There was nothing there. Even his memories seemed to be temporary or gone. All he wanted was to possess me, to finally be inside me. 
Nothing else mattered to him at that point. He’d been obsessing over his perverse thoughts for weeks. Biting my lip, I started wondering if David knew. Perhaps that was the reason he chose for me to end this when he did. 
‘Perhaps it wasn’t even David’s choice,’ I pondered. What if the ocean has the same power over David as it does over me? Maybe David was also bound to obey what she requested. These were things I intended on getting answers to once this ordeal was over. 
Prior to our leaving, I cut revealing slits along the dress. Choosing to create a plunging, low, back line; allowing viewing to become a tempting peep scene that couldn’t be ignored. The open gap dipped to a low shaped cut, far down enough to expose the top of my milky, white ass. The front of the dress was equally as low, in fact the whole garment was barely clinging to my body. A delectable show for him. My stomach and cleavage were openly exposed, summoning to him to take a closer look. 
The water didn’t even have to reach my skin. My body just seemed to know. With slow vibrations and subtle hints of appearance, it seemed to announce it was ready for its paranormal transformation. Like water over glass, emulating a profound reflection, the pearly, omniscient glow faded in and out.The ripples glided up and down my legs. My bones felt as if they were begging in a low vibration. My skin and my muscles…were softening, twitching, moving, awaiting the moment to change shape. 
The powers of the tide, unreasonable, unchanging, desperately beckoning. The voice of the ocean; now drowning out any possible chance of doubt or second thoughts I may consider. Before I knew it, my stomach started to feel emptier than I have ever felt before… as if I hadn’t eaten in ages. The emptiness continued to get stronger. I started cramping from the strange starvation.
In a quick dance of seduction, I made Nero strip his clothes down to his under britches. His vacant smile didn’t behold the pity I once had for him. With sly undulations I moved in close, rubbing my body against his bare chest, letting my crotch touch his. My energy now maximizing its highest power, his life force had no chance of encroaching the field of magnetism I was summoning. 
Taking his hands, I rubbed them across my perking nipples while letting little excited moans escape my lips. Where had my head gone? The guilt, the anguish… replaced with unacquainted feelings of rapture. I now actually wanted to enjoy this. Delighted with my responses, he continued to make circle motions over my nipples, while I reached down to touch him between his legs. In a playful ploy, I allowed my lips to slide up his neck.
The song of the sea, now an encapsulated lyricism, repetitiously pounding a message in my head. “Let go and let it be.”
The wave music influencing in a crescendo of overpowering enchantment, tantalizingly persuading our lips to interlock. I kissed his mouth slow.The poison immersed beneath the skin of my salivating lips, as they skated across his tongue. I wanted him to believe that he was finally going to be able to act on the fantasies he’d been long dreaming about. With those desires swirling around in his mind he was weakened, eager to follow me anywhere I led. 
“Come to me Nero,” I purred. “I want to do it here.” 
Watching me teasingly tugging at the ribbons on my clothes, his rising heat began to glow. Pretending to undress, I no longer felt any similarity to humans. He smelled so different. With a beckoning hand, my body sent out a targeted magnetic frequency, scrambling all thoughts and sense of reasoning he may have had left. The brilliant, euphoric, sonata the waves continued to compose empowered me with the courage to lure him waist deep into the water. Clinging to my body, the thin material of the dress revealed every shapely crease.
“Oh Mari, I love you. I never want to be away from you. I will always love only you; I promise.” 
He was wrapping his arms around me, focusing all of his passion on kissing my neck. As the salty air mixed with the smell of his flesh, my yearning for him increased. Lightly rubbing his chest, I let him continue to kiss me. He moved one hand down my back while the other slid into his underwear. 
Right before the slaughter, there was a conscious break through. A momentary breath of release, an interlude from the song, allowing me my memory. Leaning up to his ear, kissing it gently, I knew I couldn’t hold onto control for long.
“Nero, I love you too. Please forgive me.” 
The first time my leg muscles shape shifted I barely felt a thing. The emotional takeover took me by surprise. Smelling his neck, I grabbed him by the back of his sleek, black hair. My hunger pains were surging. A tingling in my gums indicated the stimulation of my dental structure; transforming into spiky, venomous, shark-like teeth. The hunger was so overpowering, keeping me too distracted to notice my tail appearing. Instinct, as they said it would. 
With the song pounding louder than ever, I sank my teeth deep into his throat. I heard his voice box crack and pop. Ensuring his silence was a necessity. He never looked up again. Tearing out another large portion of his neck started to settle my stomach. Not once did he try to fight it, even as his shaking body convulsed from the pain. I can’t believe I didn’t notice what I was doing. As the gaping hole in his neck now spouted blood, his body went limp. He was gone. 
That shimmering pearly glow reappeared as before. Now it had acquired a light blue tint, once my temperature and oxygen levels began lowering. My body was now a foreign vessel… unencumbered. The smell, and peculiarly inviting taste of the dark warm liquid dripping on my mouth overwhelmed me into a frantic craze. 
Like a shark at a feeding frenzy, I continued to tear into the flesh of his shoulders. I dragged him under the water and fed on him. Ripping off his legs, devouring the meat on them, as if I were starving. The waves were beginning to wash traces of blood to the shore. I ate my way up to his torso, when I felt a cool clammy hand on my shoulder, wrenching me away from what was left of him. 
“Marcelliene, that’s enough. You must stop. They have to be able to identify him to truly believe this was a shark attack.” 
The animal dissipated, subdued by the familiar deep, melodic voice. In a slowed daze my memories come back to me. David was touching my arm, pushing what was left of Nero gently away from me. Staring at the jagged, bloody torso that was once my beautiful sweet Nero, I sobbed. My protector, my noble friend. How could I have done that to him? 
“Come Marcelliene. I don’t want to seem insensitive, but you will have time to grieve later.” David spoke his apology.
“Your mother is waiting for you.” 
He was alone this time. The others didn’t come. Trying to rub my back as I cried, David began to lead me away from Nero’s body. I didn’t bother struggling. What was the point, I had no idea what else I was going to do…?



chapter  16 THE WARMHOLE


For what seemed like hours we swam, sullen and silent. Neither knowing what to say I suppose. We dove so deep; the pressure would have killed a human. We arrived at a dark cavern beneath the cold, blinding abyss. I barely noticed as we passed the same mosaics, some tortuously shaped into mandalas. Some looked like a kind of timeline. 
The walls of these caves were fitted with a light source made from a material I’ve never imagined existed. The outer dome appeared to be the casing for the jelly like substance, producing the light inside. Its color was a warm illumination of teal. I couldn’t tell what was keeping them fixed upon the walls. They seemed to just float there. 
We swam passed great pillars of bright coral. Each disk was finely cut and carved. Under different circumstances I would've loved to further examine their construction. Right now, all my thoughts were of Nero, and what I had done… and if their human God would ever forgive me. In my mind I repeated the lord’s prayer to honor Nero’s passing. With my heart drowned in guilt, it entitled no stake in hoping for mercy. 
The mind always looks to find a way to escape any happenings regarding prodigious traumatic events. The instinct to survive is universal. As we continued to swim further, I began thinking about all the questions I had for David and my mother. Wondering what she looked like took my mind off the painful end to my human life. Like a mournful lament, a soft melody played somewhere in my head.
Made of smooth, carved stone, the doors displayed great considerable, artisan craftsmanship. David stopped in front of them and waited. Turning toward me, he forced a reassuring smile. Sniffling, I let him take my hand. We hear the groan of the huge doors opening. Once they closed behind us, the large room began to drain of water. 
Realizing we were both naked, I looked away fast. His full, bare, skin still shone light blue as he moved across a well-lit path. In silence, he picked up a pair of pants and dressed himself. Shying into a corner I stood there, embarrassed, trying to cover myself with my hair. 
Upon his return, his cool expression indicated his intent to keep the situation calm. He walked over to me with a casual stride, carrying a pretty green dress.He kept his icy, blue eyes locked with mine. Pictures of words like flash cards jump in and out of my mind. Around him, his energy formed a circular field of purple light. 
“Your mother thought this might make you a little more comfortable for now.” Handing me the dress he turned around. He moved away to give me some distance.
“Sometimes we don’t bother with clothes at all.” David revealed lightly. 
Our eyes have a special pigment that releases into the pupils to adjust to darkness he explained. Starting down the damp path, I didn’t even notice how dark it was getting until we began to walk. At the end of the tunnel, we approached an enormous rounded door. I wasn’t expecting to see normal, human looking homes behind it.
Four, high backed chairs were positioned around a beautiful, white marble table in the back of the room. Paintings and tapestries hung on the walls from many different eras and countries. Some of them I recognized, but the ancient ones were fascinating to study. There were several lamps in many bright colors, casting different shades and colors of light into the place.
How incredible it was that they brought these things down here without an inch of water damage to them. And their technology with light was beyond my understanding. There were even a few armchairs made of leather, a beautiful antique velvet blue couch, next to an enormous bookshelf which seemed to reach the cathedral high ceiling. 
“As I told you,” David remarked.
“We’re great collectors of history.” Cooling his expression, he stood to one side with his arms crossed.
When I saw her, much of my confusion regarding men’s obsessive magnetic pull for me solved itself. Hers was an ineluctable face, enclosing soft, curved, watery features. Her glimmering irises were deep blue like my tail. There was a scent carried out from her energy field that forced the eye to gaze upon her at least once. The tranquil way in which she sat reading, amplifiedthe wave like song coming from her. 
Not hugely startled, yet not quite used to these occurrences; I focused more of my concentration towards her. Her long raven hair swept to the side of a flawless skin, paler than my own. The slender fingers complimented her graceful swan-like neck in a too perfect aesthetic proportion. 
Closing the book, she bit her lip as we approached. Though she was poised with confidence, I noticed the faint ripple of nervousness from her. She chose to make a procrastinating ascent from the couch. 
 Her movement was like a quiet slow dance, which I cannot deny was accompanied by that inner sound. A music from nowhere. I examined David, looking for any sign that he was hearing the music too. Smiling toward us, she holds her hand up, gesturing for us to follow her to the table.
“I knew you’d find her David.” My Mer-mother breathed in an exceptional tune.
Once you hear her voice there is no forgetting it, like unreachable, divine tones in a celestial pitch. When she spoke, there was a faint echoing, as if waking from a dream, or being induced into one. This elevated the room to a state of reverence and awe, the feeling I get when listening to a choir at mass. A desire to be closer to God is the only way I know how to describe it. 
“I would have never given up until I did my lady.”
Surprising to see, David moved to kiss her hand. And I wondered if his loyal adoration for her was as apparent to everyone, or just a reflex attached to a fond memory. Interested, I strained to fully connect to them, to uncover any memorial images of a significant past between them. To add to my frustration, I wasn’t surprised that I was met by a double block from the two of them. 
What a shame, my hopeful desire to trust them was met with such resistance. It only brought on a decision of despair. Instead I fell back to my human side, the comfort of familiarity. My attention turned to Nero, to his faithful commitment to me before he was cursed. No longer caring that they were in the room, I lost control. Through the painful sobs, I allowed Nero’s memories to rule my thoughts. 
Their awkward feelings toward me grew stronger. There began another song. A soothing lullaby, with a tempo similar to the one I heard in the dream. David spoke in a language non-existent to me… until now. It didn’t matter, at this point their feelings and opinions were no longer relevant. 
“All these years…” I sobbed. A dangerous combination of repressed emotions, and shaky beliefs became the formula that drove me toanger. 
“Why?” I could barely ask, clenching my jaw as I spoke. 
“Why did you make me go through all this pain. Why didn’t you come sooner?” I yelled. “Why did you allow me to stay with the humans for so long?” The rage started making me feel better. I blamed them for everything.
“Marcelliene,” it was David who replied. 
“Please understand, to us you have only been missing for over a year.” His eyes implored.
“Time in our world, and the human world is much, much different,” he stressed. “A month to humans is close to equaling a year here.” 
They waitedbefore allowing me to receive communication from them. David decided togive a visual explanation of how everything worked for us. It’s way too complicated to repeat right now, and I still don’t get it. I was able to see and feel what they risked year after human year in their searching…unwanted exposure.
“We have done nothing but search for you.” Sighing before he continued, he folded his hands in a worried fashion.
“We had no idea this was going to happen. And you don’t seem to realize, there is much more ocean to search than land.” David’s face looked miserable. It was obvious he was telling the truth.
“We didn’t begin land possibilities until a few weeks ago.”
Disturbed by the confusion, my mother kept her hands crossed behind her. She said nothing, but I could see the worry on her face. I was still trying to figure out the space, time explanation on aging in their world. It didn’t seem like we were passing through a wormhole. Looking to my mother, I finally noticed the way in which her energy was lighter than ours. When David finished, I nodded. I let myself envision their point of view. 
Staring down at the table, I aligned which questions I wanted answered first.I adored examining the carved figures engraved into the smooth wood. Being dedicated,devout Catholics, the interest in reading about mer-folk bared little chance of likelihood. Aside from a couple of Cassie’s books, I knew nothing about them. 
“What happened to my tail?’ I blurted out as I look up to face them. 
“Why did it take this long for it to reveal itself? My hands were on my hips before I even realized it. I looked to David. 
“I know you can read my thoughts. Are you trying review my memories? I can feel you doing something right now.” 
“You are a strong one Marcelliene.” A quick smile flashed across David’s face. He had one eye covered with a streak of his ice blond hair. 
“Yes, it’s true I am.” David responded through his slow analysis of me.
“I’m trying to get a good idea on all that’s happened to you since we lost you.” He paused a moment then frowned.
“Oh dear child, I am so sorry you had to go through all of this.” Shaking his head, he proclaimed. Behind their soft closed lids, his eyes followed some kind of movement seen only by his intense concentration. 
Her gaze wandered around the room as she listened.My mer-mother seemed too nervous to say much.Locking eyes, we enjoyed a happy greeting. For a brief, joyful moment, she sent me images of my childhood, of her smiling down at me. Feeling grateful for some reason, I gave her a genuine smile. As I opened my mouth to ask them more, David spoke first. 
“You were playing with some dolphins… but they led you very far away,” he murmured. 
Turning his head to the floor he stopped again. He appeared as if he were listening to someone. Straining my ears, to seek out what it was, I watched him smile. In a pleasant mood, he raised his head. I felt his energy pressing mine like the palm of a hand, then moving into it to gather the data he wanted.
“It was the shock from being pulled from the water dear. The shock of leaving one world and entering another you knew nothing about.” He opened his eyes and looked at me with an insightfulillustration.
“You were young. This is a defense mechanism used for survival we are born with.” After explaining he crossed his arms again. I think that’s how he expressed that he was right.
“Though we don’t recall this happening before, I believe that when your body decided it was ready to be over the trauma, your tail returned to you.” Chewing my lip I absorbed his explanation, trying to figure out how I wanted to pursue what I needed to find out next. 
“All these things I can do, these...weird psychic… like things…” I let the words draw out slow, to allow him time to read my thoughts. The sickening feeling in my stomach was growing, caused me to choke on my words. I couldn’t get Nero out of my mind.
“Yes, we can all do them.” I sensed the cautious approach in which he answered me.
“Even the things some judge as bad or evil. It’s something we all have to live with.” David’s sympathy was sincere. Narrowing my eyes and looking sideways, I probed further.
“But it’s why we never interfere with the lives of humans.” He interrupted, holding up his hands in a pleading gesture. 
“It never ends well.” David continued with a somber composition in his voice. 
“Tragedy always happens when we do.” 
As his thoughts changed, his energy dimmed. The swirling of the gray matter, forming and moving its way around him, entangled itself into the patterns of his natural energy. His sadness was coming from personal experience. He wasn’t trying to hide this. He wanted it to be known. This was his way of warning me. Focusing on the gray, I studied it to look for any images of thought he may have in connection with its emotional pull. Nothing, blank. 
“Why can’t I read your thoughts?” I asked with a distant tone. I was doing my best to concentrate, to see if I could do what he did to me. Still nothing came through. All I saw was a white blank screen.
“I am almost a thousand human years old Marcelliene,” he quietly replied. He glanced to my mother and smiled.
“I became very good at blocking my thoughts, controlling my powers. I don’t feel it would be good for you right now to read too much at this time.” David explained this while continuing his interactions with my mother. Saying nothing out loud, she nodded her approval.
“It’s more important that we take care of what has happened to you first.” 
They looked at me, then exchanged another worried glance. They were definitely talking to each other. And I didn’t like the feeling of being talked about in front of me. 
“You seem to be very … concerned, with the divine judgment of the humans’ God upon you, and that is very dangerous.”David was careful as he spoke in a humble manner.
“If you are that old…” I was now getting frustrated with them. I needed real answers. “then you would know…”
“Is their God real?” 



chapter  17 WHAT WE LEARN AS KIDS


Their third exchange of uneasiness gave me more anxiety. Impatient as I was, I waited for an answer. David then looked at me and sighed before lowering his eyes to the table. Returning his gaze to me he smiled. For the first time I noticed his dimples. Clasping his hands behind his back he moved closer to me, in range enough for a more informal level of conversation. 
“Marcelliene,” he began as he started to walk in circles around me. I blinked at the sound of that name. Something seemed to harmonize inside me, a flash of a face. 
“In all my many years and journeys in the human world, I have seen and heard of beliefs about many gods and goddesses. I have watched religious ideologies rise and fall. I have seen great countries go to war, children and women slaughtered over religion. Everyone always thinks their god is right.” He stopped and pressed his lips together in the way he does when he is in deep thought. 
“Our kind has nothing to do with their God. We have never known of any such figurehead as described by any of the humans’ religions.” David rubbed his chin as he thought.
"I’m not saying that no God exists. I am saying that even the humans themselves can’t make up their minds about which God is correct.” He crossed his arms again. In silence, he looked toward me. I half smiled, amused at the interesting analyzing expression on his face.
“I believe that they may have a part in the creation of the existence of multiple gods, because of their naive desire to instill so much faith into them.”
 “Faith is energy.Energy has to turn into something eventually.” He took a deep breath and looked as if he were reviewing something important in his mind.
“What I’m trying to say is, we honestly don’t know if such a deity truly exists.” He looked worried by his conclusion. I’m sure dealing with teenagers wasn’t easy though. 
Folding his hands, squaring his shoulders, David was prepared for my angry reaction. Offering her support, my mother, Constance walked over to me. Gently she caressed my hair. I watched as an energy connection we shared stretched out to meet in the negative space between us. Wanting to try to accept her in some way still felt awkward. I didn’t blame her for my going missing. It was just hard for me to empathize. Unfortunately, her soothing attempts didn’t stop the anger.
“What do you mean you don’t know?!!” I hissed. “Are we not some kind of supreme intelligent beings?” I balled up my fists, wondering how much of this I really wanted to hear.
“All that time, all THAT TIME, you spent with them and you don’t know?!?” I was raising my voice now. The lamps flickered, pulsing in simultaneous timing with the shifting levels of anger coming from me. The walls appeared to inhale the room.
“Marcelliene, there ARE things we don’t know,” David expressed. 
“We only know what we have learned.” Centering himself he sighed, projecting calmer winds toward my temper.
“We are immortal my dear, so the consideration of God and an afterlife never really fit into our way of living.” 
Looking at them both I had no reason to believe they were being dishonest. But even so, something in my consciousness kept nagging at me. They weren’t telling me everything.
“Many cultures in fact believe we are gods.” Cocking his head, David smirked at the idea.
“That however I doubt very much.” I saw his hesitation in the decision of what he was about to tell me next.
“There are some, far much older and with many more answers however.” Though he was trying to appease my need for disclosure, his uneasy pause made me nervous.
“We don’t know what’s happened to them. They haven’t been seen in a long time.” 
It’s not easy to describe, but something in his energy changed, flashed and then was gone in the moment he used to pause. I believe it may now be a clever way to hide being dishonest. David noticed it too.
“They are very unstable by now Dear,” he warned. 
“We don’t go looking for them.” And he meant that the idea was inflexible.
My beautiful mother glided to the other side of the room. She returned carrying drinks for us. Trying to process their story, I remained silent. There was still too much I didn’t know. I think they were hoping I’d get my memories back. My thoughts turned to Emilio. How fearless he had gone to war and died to fight for what he believed in. War, I scoffed to myself, what a selfish ethical concept. And what good does it really do?
“And there will be many more great wars Marcelliene,” David intruded. 
“I can tell you that.” He looked down at his hands a moment.
“It’s best we don’t interfere.” The raw, sympathetic look he gave me, affirmed that he really understood how I felt. 
As David continued, he moved closer. Reaching over, he pulled out a chair. Contorting his face, he contemplated his past failures. Sitting down, he clasped his hands together and placed them in between his knees.
 “I tried, and it did no good my Dear.” He decided to reveal. Taking a deep breath, he frowned. 
“Man has a determined strife for conquering itself under the ideals of war.” David’s face expressed his sadness for this conclusion.
“I wish it weren’t so, believe me.” Tightening his jaw, he stared off into space. His eyes moved around but settled onto nothing in particular. Then he looked back to me.
“But most humans lack empathy for one another.” The next look he gave me was grim and wary. 
“I fear that will be their great downfall when their planet begins to turn on them.” He finalized.
Sitting straight and looking serious, David now had my full attention. Waking from my own inner thoughts I looked at him, caught off guard at what I was hearing. Turn on them? I found myself wondering how Luisa was taking the news of my disappearance, and of Cassie, and the others I loved. They probably thought I was destroyed by the ‘shark’ along with Nero.
David’s idea struck me as absurd. Could their planet be capable of being an active, sentient dwellingwith its own consciousness, and abilities to destroy them? I had no idea whether we were on the same planet anymore. Then the stories in the bible came back.Of how the earth destroyed great cities. The humans blamed it on God. But what if it were the planet doing these things? How would one be able to tell? 
“Many years from now Marcelliene, I’m afraid it’s true.”In a realization, I saw why Constance couldn’t speak. Her voice gave off the same feeling as the song in the ocean.
“Mankind will become so consumed with greed and competition that they will cause the earth to destroy itself. There is no way to avoid it.” Frowning as she spoke, Constance didn’t seem to want to continue. 
“There is no reasoning anyone of us could do that will ever be enough to change things. We believe it’s in their nature and it has to be so.” She finished. Biting her lip, she looked away. 
“Couldn’t we,” I began, trying to think quickly. 
“Couldn’t we try to help them some other way? We can’t just sit by and watch it happen.” Licking my lips, I considered something else.
“And what will happen to us?”
“Down here we will be safe Marcelliene, we are extremely far away from the surface.” Constance explained in a timid voice. She spoke slow, considering whether to go on or not. As if she were leaving something out.
“The impact that will cause the imbalance of Earth will not reach down here. As a necessary precaution, we have created a way to move our home just in case we need to.” 
Looking toward David, my mer-mother nervously cupped her hands together. He was studying my reactions. I was becoming frustrated with their hopeless attitude. Why should they really care after all? My cousin was the one who had been killed and I’m sure there would be some kind of consequence for it even if it didn’t affect them. A life is still a life. I shook my head, trying to make them stop getting into my thoughts.
“No. I can’t just sit down here and let this happen without trying to help them,” I defied.
“Everything my father fought for… everything my human mother tried to teach me will be wasted.” 
I tried not to let their coolness continue to irritate me. They knew what I was thinking. I didn’t have to finish. They saw from my memory the pikes of white mountains and grassy green fields that I grew up with. I was now as much a part of the humans’ world as they were. My mother was looking at me with an expression mixed between confusion and panic as David got up and began to reply. 



chapter  18 UNSPOKEN TRUTHS


“What you would do Marcelliene?” Raising his eyebrows as he calculated his words, David urged his point gently. 
“They can’t be reasoned with.” The clever angles of his face twisted. He was pleading his personal observations of them.
“There will be many great philosophers of their kind who will try, and many others of the past have tried to guide them…” he accentuated. His energy tightened around him but remained pulsing bright.
“They continue the same mistakes.” Then he reached his hand out as if pointing to something.
“Even the one from your bible who offered himself and died for them was treated with misanthropy. The same could happen to you.” The stern look on his face was his way of making sure I understood the consequences. He wanted to scare me. It wasn’t working.
“I have to try. Don’t you understand?” I implored to him… “You should…” I looked down; my eyes raced around the marble floor as I searched my thoughts.
“You once lived with them too David. Please, please at least let me try,” I requested.
“There’s no way anyone can know everything that’s going to happen.” I argued."Maybe things can still be changed.”
Knowing he was defeated, David sighed. The scientist in his soul laughed at the truth. I saw a quarter smile, and something flicker in his eye before he crossed his arms and turned away. We both looked to Constance to observe her reaction. Her lips were trembling.She was on the verge of tears. My broken heart went out to her. 
Though we barely spoke at all, a connection was reawakening between her and I. Part of me wanted to stay there with her. We were at a loss because the upbringing from my human life was already in place. Morally, I felt I couldn’t neglect the humans. I truly believed that I could save them somehow.
“We have magical powers, don’t we?” I asked as I grew desperate. David smiled and tried not to look like he was addressing a child. 
“They don’t call it that in the scientific field darling. There are names for what we can…”
“There has to be something we can do.” I interrupted, my voice harsh and hissing.
“I’ll find a way, I will. I know I can do this.” David frowned and uncrossed his arms. In a second, he was standing before me, eye to eye.
“You can’t go up there and use your powers too often Marcelliene,” he warned. I noticed he was trying not to grit his teeth.
“To do so causes dangerous risks.” I looked into the seriousness of his face, that intensity that could turn aggressive and misused. It was frightening. He was good at keeping it under control. 
“Listen carefully,” David’s voice deepened.
“What do you think will happen to us if they manage to find this place?” His stare became darker, his frowning eyes revealed the extent of his worry. I was locked in. 
“Would you risk our exposure… possibly even the extinction of our kind, when their technology becomes so great that they could take us down with them?” 
Frightened, I couldn’t look away from him. David looked at my wide, nervous eyes and stepped back. Putting his hands together, he relaxed. It was my turn to frown. The possibility of a change was yet a plausible reason for taking the risk. 
“Please,” begging was all I knew to do at that point.
“Please just let me try.” I looked back and forth between the two of them, hoping one of them would relent.
“For my human father and mother’s sake, for all the love and caring they tried to show me.”
Sighing I added, “I’ll be careful. And if I fail, then I will come back without argument.”
The thought conversation process is a curious thing to watch, the energy builds to a great light at the chest and then rises up the body to light up the head before exiting and connecting to the receptor. This is what made watching David and Constance speaking so interesting. Their colors that intertwined in the event, oftentimes looked like a painting.
Whether it was allowed or not, I was able to pick up on some of the images of their conversation. Nero, his god, my sins, became minor problems that no longer felt necessary to focus on. I blamed exhaustion for feeling like they were deliberately being vague. Nevertheless, it was a feeling I couldn’t ignore. 
Earth destroying itself, and mankind with it was all I could think about. The only thing I was interested in was finding a solution. This was worse than war. I didn’t really know what I was going to do. How could I? I didn’t know what was going to actually happen. There were too many variables, too many possibilities. 
Something told me I wasn’t going to find an answer here beneath the surface, and that meant going back. Their nudging presence broke my thoughts. Noticing their worried faces, they appeared to have finalized a plan. 
“Marcelliene, if you insist on trying, you must agree to a few things first.” David appealed. He turned full body to face me, to ensure he had my attention. 
“You must never, no matter what, reveal to any of them what you truly are.” As he expressed this demand, his energy lit up with intensity, tinted with a slight touch of fear.
“You must only use the greatest of your abilities three times upon your residency with them. Any more than that will put us in great danger here, and we can’t allow you to do that.” Taking a breath, David paused before his final pronouncement.
“By the year of 2040, you will be brought back. You will have until then to do what you feel you must try.” 
David’s somber outlook and antagonistic reluctance revealed how closely connected he and Constance were. Though able to convince her, his emotions were suffering for it. Even though she sympathized, her desire for me to stay was stronger. But David’s desire to help me, won. I couldn’t wait to discuss a plan with him. Perhaps through my experiences, I had learned things that he did not.
Her pain couldn’t be ignored. We all felt it. Having to allow me to go again must have been terrible for her. My guilt was to be something I’d have to live with for doing this to her again. After I left, there would be little chance of getting to speak with each other.
We knew we had to start immediately. With our concept of time being as different as David cited, that meant that I had less time. How many years of their education was I going to miss while traveling back? I vowed to them that eventually I wanted to return, and then Constance will have me back for eternity. 
“You will have to stay here for a few weeks Marcelliene.” David announced while helping me up from my seat. My mind was drifting, shutting down. I was having trouble staying awake.
“I want to prepare you for what you’re up against. You need better training in order to control yourself. This will ensure you having a better chance of success.” 
 He picked me up as he spoke. I was falling asleep without even realizing it. With Constance leading, he carried me to a doorway connecting to a series of bedrooms. Slowly blinking, I looked up to his face, to see him flash a quick smile.
“You know I want to see you win this, don’t you?” He murmured. “If that is to be so, then we have much work to do before you resurface.” 



chapter  19 THE RETURN


I don’t believe the decision would have been in my favor if I hadn’t had David on my side. Having his own sentiments toward mankind brought about an instant bond between us. Something that wasn’t going to be easy for everyone to understand. When I awoke, I made it my intention to find out more about his past, as well as try to reconcile with Constance. 
Other than the lighting, their housing seemed no different than any other mid to upper class home of modern times. There was nothing special or unique about the furniture in my room, except for some of the older antique pieces. A large armoire was established to one side of the room beside a small table with a comb and brush placed there. Quickly I got out of bed to seek something to wear. After choosing a vivid yellow sun dress, I stepped out into the hall in time to see David walking by carrying a book. 
We locked eyes, and I felt compelled to hug him tight. The grieving for my human cousin was still fresh. Accepting my affection, he gave me one of his kind, warming smiles. He reached to rub my hair, as natural if I were his own child.
I hear myself repeatedly thanking him for supporting what I wanted to do. The thought of him being my real father began to cross my mind. They didn’t seem too eager to discuss it, if he were. Quickly Ipushed the idea away, just in case he caught on. The subject was better off left alone for now, since I wouldn’t be staying. 
David explained to me some of the scientific information about our abilities as we entered the same sitting room. Constance was standing near the center. She was wearing a silvery white shimmering dress that made her hair stand out all the more. The light around her body was darker now. Feeling at fault, and trying not to cry, I ran over to embrace her. She breathed slow as she held me. I sensed her crying, her thoughts filled with fears of disastrous outcomes. Remaining strong, I thanked her for giving me this opportunity, emphasizing on how important it was to me.
“I want to stay awhile,” I finally said after letting go of her. 
Taking a few breaths, I directed my energy toward my mother, hoping to do some good. It moved in a dance around her entire body, absorbing hers as it did. Admired by my effort she smiled. Our bond was growing, the awkwardness didn’t seem to last long. My attempts to help her life force wasn’t doing much good unfortunately. I sensed David watching us, too satisfied to interfere. 	
“Then let us begin my dear. There is no time to waste as you know,” he retorted in a contented air. Waving his hand, David proceeded to escort us to the cavernous passageway. 
I was beginning to believe their village was inside a submerged mountain, burrowed out by them somehow. The ceiling in some areas seemed to go up for miles. There were tunnels leading to massively, wide, open rooms. Some filled with small buildings, some with gardens. 
The population was probably around five hundred; with each family having full, human-like, living spaces that connected to the hallways. The fine, smooth, way in which the walls were cut, gave wonder to what type of technology they indeed possessed. David made no mention and didn’t seemed interested in bringing it up. He was focused. 
“There is an emergency flooding switch that will allow water to come pouring in; probably ruining everything, but we hope to never have to use that.” That was the only information he chose to unveil about their technology. 
The time spent with Constance will always be treasured. There was definitely a connection between us, as strong as the sea. Reliving it helps when I’m feeling down. She was more than eager to introduce me to their way of living. Not so much different than the human way of life, it became natural. They have no religion and live as a community. Governed by a council of the most educated, but in general; all are a part of most decisions. They have schools, and even illnesses. 
David took me into the room where we first met in the dream walk. Though not quite as vaulted as some of the others, it was much larger than I first assumed.The space was absent of practically everything, aside from some newer drawings in their early stages. He said the room was mostly used for group gatherings, events or sometimes purposes just like this. Trying to practice telekinetically moving something isn’t always the safest activity. 
As a collective, they agreed on not taking a whole lot of risks. Therefore, it was no surprise that any direct contact with humans, they avoided. In a short time, David taught me how to make tinctures and remedies to stave off my pheromones. I couldn’t practice preventing humans from being stunned into submission by my seductive will power here. I was going to have to continue that on my own.
We did manage to train me well enough to keep the potent energy which enabled it, lowered to a minimum standard. Hopefully, it would be enough for me to be able to be around humans for longer periods of time. Still, it was taking too much concentration. David seemed worried about this the most.
I learned that I could control bodies of water, including sections of the sea. To do so for longer than thirty minutes could become dangerous. Immortal doesn’t mean indestructible. For these lessons however, we had to go out into the water. It was a little scary at first, until I got the hang of it. David told me that this ability was rarely ever used by us because it has never really been needed.They agreed to reserve it for defensive purposes only.
Learning to communicate with many types of aquatic animals became one of my favorite new joys. Data has been recorded on dolphins producing ultrasonic, vibratory sound frequencies. The same frequency now used for therapeutic purposes in offices or hospitals on an international basis. The directors in charge were eager to work with me. 
The whales were a little more intimidating. It helped to learn that some of them share certain types of brain cells with humans.It’s been shown that this makes them better than other animals at processing emotions. They were patient, gentle, very intelligent creatures with extraordinary capabilities that humans had yet to discover. They engaged in social interactions. David kept the sharks away, fearing I might regress into memories of Nero. 
To the south, there are a district of rooms David set up long ago to mimic the human world.Each were of a separate region and culture. All were filled with books relating to their history. He convinced the others that following the humans’ progress throughout their time was important. He kept what seemed like hundreds of journals, documenting everything from his life with the humans, to all his research on their evolution from their so-called beginning. By reading them, I hoped to learn as much as I could. Perhaps it was possible to find some common pattern of instability, which may have brought the humans to their present state of discord. I managed to make it through many volumes before it was all too soon time to go back.
Knowing the comforting reassuranceit gave Constance, David promised to accompany me all the way. After a long tearful goodbye, we set out for one of the exit tunnels. To my surprise, it was harder to go than I anticipated. Attachments were now formed. Ideas planted of the life I could have if I chose to stay. These dwelling thoughts made the swim back seem longer, filled with more lingering gloom than I ever imagined.
 The darkened hollows of the tunnels had a way of appearing like they went on forever. With my mind overloaded, I didn’t notice my body aging as we neared the surface. By the time we reached shore, ten years had passed. I was taking new steps in the sand as a beautiful young woman nearing my twenty sixth birthday. 
The shores of Italy approached our view. Everything I remembered about my human birthplace was too unfamiliar. I think David chose to bring us back here, to show me how much more damage the humans have done to it while we were gone. The devastation hit me hard. I was cocky and headstrong for thinking that I could prepare for this. The confusion set in as I looked around. Many tried to warn me it was going to be upsetting. David patiently stood by my side, ready to take me back had I chose to abandon the plan. Faking a confident smile, I gave him a fond, appreciative glance, determined to prove I had the courage to do this. 
By the soft way he responded, David’s paternal intention was clear. His mind was in absent consideration as he caressed my hair. Looking over, he smiled back. We stood solemn and speechless on the shore, taking in the country’s damage, letting our minds do the talking. Through our thoughts, we went over what I was going to do next. He told me he sensed that Italy was now a very dangerous place to be.
The pinching feeling in my heart felt new. I found myself reluctant to tell him goodbye. Everything was always uncertain, I kept reminding myself. Energy is always changing; therefore, possibilities always are as well. There are no absolutes. I held onto that idea, as I felt the hope of seeing David again.
Too noticeable was the shaky ambiance in my sigh as I reached for a leathery waterproof bag. It was pre-packed with clothes, shoes, a handful of helpful documents; along with a satchel of money. The dress was beyond outdated but was going to have to be acceptable until I got somewhere to acquire modern attire. Observing the atmosphere, I pulled on the full-length cotton floral print dress. Taking in the surface’s new ambience made my chest heavy.
The high volume of tension thickening the air, was doing its best to convince me to turn and run back to the water. Accepting their foretold fate may get easier once I embraced the protection of the insoluble abyss. What was really driving me I’ve pondered. Ultimately virtue won over, my human perception of what’s right and wrong. My morals told me this must be done. There was too much unanswered, too much the others weren’t telling me. 
Pulling myself together took the summoning of all my strength and courage. But it wasn’t what I would label as destiny or fate. I could’ve walked away. Again, I looked to David. Smiling was his approval. His understanding countenance was clear as he nodded. Furrowing my brow, I tightened my lips. To consider the idea, that so much may be counting on me and my future choices was surreal. Yet my mer-clan seemed very final about events in the future. I spoke to many of the elders.None of them wanted to take risk. 
“I’ll be around from time to time when I can be Marcelliene.” David’s voice rang. 
“Remember our chats about dreaming.” Each note in his words left an imprint.
His eyes twinkled with some kind of boyish excitement at the thought of starting a new adventure. Stammered from the interruption in my thought process, I blinked.
Seeing how hard it was for me to say goodbye, David frowned. Using hislast words to make his exit, he gave me one last confident, youthful smile. Remaining silent, he nodded.Inhaling as he looked at me one more time, he then turned and walked back to the lulling, crystal blue waves. With a sad smile, I watched him until he was waist deep. Feeling that he didn’t want me to respond, I continued searching the bag, contemplating the instructions he gave me. 
There was a scrap of paper in there with the words STAY FOCUSED on it, paperclipped to a boat ticket to England. ‘Looks like he had something figured out.’ I deliberated… ‘including appropriately placing us near the harbor.’I made myself look casual as I got closer. I had to laugh as I fiddled with my hair. I was headed toward a crowded dock of eager Italians, headed for a new country.
 A lot of people probably excite at the idea of exploring a new place, taking on a new adventure even if it is filled with adversity. Looking around, it didn’t seem like many on this voyage were in the mood for celebrating. Watching the boat slushing away from the harbor with its cranky engine gaining momentum, I let it sink in. I was walking away from a good life, a perfect life.
“God come what may,” I whispered. I took a moment to wonder if it was still appropriate to pray. I did it anyway. 



chapter  20 VICTIMS OF POWER


The boat wasn’t the greatest. A half-beaten vessel that had seen long gone better days. Once a former fishing boat, now filled with rows of terrified faces. Destroyed lives, forever scarred from the threats of war. 
I caught nervous glances by the richer families trying to disguise themselves. They all wanted the same thing, to get away from the tyranny invading Italy’s government. Things were increasing from bad to unstoppably worse, quicker than anybody expected. They all feared it, that eventually no one would be allowed to leave. 
Staying to myself as much as possible seemed like the safest thing to do. The twisted minds of the sex deprived crewman kept me cringing. A few men got well deserved slaps to the head by their nearby females. No male above puberty could prevent themselves from staring at me with that acute, inescapable hungering. Their desires and possible desperation to fulfill them, made certain that I stayed in my shabby cabin. I paid a good amount of cash to ensure my privacy.
That horrible skin curse didn’t go away with my childhood as I hoped. The dress left my arms exposed, making the walk from the beach a painful one. I could feel the cuts wanting to emerge. Looking into my bag, I hoped David remembered to add some type of medicine similar to the one my Italian mother made. He did. Thanking him I smiled and inhaled as I opened the black lid.
There was a lot of British money. David knew to be certain that everything was prepared.He includedproper documents, and I.D.s, allowing me into the country. The papers looked like they were made years before this voyage was available but were still passable. 
David obviously favored The United Kingdom. On happy walks, he couldn’t help himself from bringing up fond memories. And in his stories, one could tell he missed being there.It made the atmosphere a blissful fortuna, favoring the senses in the chronicles of hispersonal history.
“Don’t think of me unless its urgent right now.” A voice much like David’s echoed in my ears. 
Sitting cross-legged on the raggedy bed in my cabin, the reaction to jump up and look around was instant. The cabin wasn’t suitable to hide anything as big as a human in. Parts of my mind began to feel frozen, as if I were having trouble concentrating on David. Sighing in frustration, I knew what was happening.He was blocking me. Frowning, I narrowed my eyes then pursed my lips in a pout. 
‘Fine David. I understand.’ I let the thought form clear and release itself to seek him out. 
Turning to my current issue, I made myself comfortable on the bed with my hands on my chest. Staring at the ceiling, I started coming up with a new persona.
Some of the younger women on our happy cruise told everyone, that England was currently at the heart of the war. A peculiar, ambitious man named Hitler and his political party were consuming country after country. It was to be the longest and bloodiest time of our lives. Japan was waging war on China. Italy had fallen into the hands of a dark leader; one who controlled his puppets from Germany. Beaches of blood washed up when the bombings began.
The Blitz intensified a frightening time of insecurity and chaos. And that was exactly what our adversaries intended. Forty-thousand people were killed. They estimated it to be half of London. That September, we were bombed for fifty-seven, unrelenting, terrifying days and nights. The Luftwaffe were merciless. They were ready, and precise with attacking our beloved city, they went after our morality, our sanity. Like shells of inferno, their bombs pummeled down on us. Their hungry insides scattered on impact, causing the fires to spread out. 
In December, their evil air raids chose to target The Cathedral Dome of St Paul.This was a cherished landmark, a great pillar of positive energy possibilities to the people of London. Once the apocalyptic sound of their artillery rained down at three hundred bombs per minute, I think we were all holding our breath as we prayed. 
No one believedthat the attack could really happen. England’s military bragged to be one of the greatest. I guess bragging about it wasn’t the brightest idea. Hitler chose to destroy our art district, our literature. This was his attempt to erase our history, to purge out our existence. The Shoe Lane Firemen could not put the flames out fast enough. Oftentimes when they threw water on the fires, it caused more explosions. People who were catching on fire, burned to death because the fire couldn’t be put out. There was nowhere to escape to. We just sat in the dark and waited to see if we would die next. Imagine that feeling for a moment. 
 Walking to our evening shifts with the sirens going off, we were surrounded by piles of smoldering rubble.The doctors were only allowed the most minimum amount of light to work at night. This was to keep the hellish bombers from finding a good target. Forced to get used to the sulfuric, burning smell, the sting of smoke and gun powder in our eyes,the atmosphere was always filled with terror. The apprehension in the air felt like it was drowning us with our own breath. Many of the drawbacks of being a mermaid seem to have to do with our acute senses. With all the panic and negative energy, with no goodness to draw power from, I was having trouble containing them. 
We all felt this… essential-like anxiety, to move our lives along faster, to make decisions faster, to enjoy everything now before it was too late. Once the attack was over, we had to find a way to live with the memories as we put our lives back together. With a huge portion of the businesses turned into debris, that meant a lot of jobs were also lost. My simple problem of having to create a false life didn’t seem to compare. 
David was as caring as he was insightful. He included the address and title to a fair priced three-bedroom house near the edge of the city. News in the marketplace told me that St Thomas, Catholic Hospital needed nurses badly. For those like myself with no training, there were teaching Matrons available. I didn’t need to be persuaded to enlist. Immediately I thought of my papa. I was sure this would have pleased him the most. I would repay his love by helping the wounded soldiers.
In London was where I met my only husband. Jonathan was one of the lucky pilots of the Royal Air Force… or doomed to be cursed. During the Blitz, his plane was shot down over the city. He barely got the ejection system to work before it crashed. His leg was badly burned, and he had a lot of broken bones. The doctors and staff weren’t sure if he was going to recover enough to walk. I think we all kept wondering if any of us would ever recover.
From the moment they brought him in I was compelled. I couldn’t figure out why I was so tempted by this man. After a while, I couldn’t stop think around him. It didn’t take long before I found myself at his bedside during my free time, subtly using my energy to expedite his healing. 
Personally, guaranteeing that his recovery was effective became an obsession. Aftera few uneasy situations they were blighted to experience, the other girls learned to stay away. Like an invisible fence around his bed, I projected territorial boundaries around him.Several times the doctors had to reprimand me for ignoring the other patients.
Jonathan looked like a movie star portraying an air pilot. His soft, blue eyes defined that dreamy Hollywood actor expression. Brassy and battle worn, his short curly blond hair fell into his face quite ascetically. He didn’t look like he was ready for this war. He looked like he was forced into it. We all were. Death is indifferent. War is no less the same. 
Our marriage was peaceful for a while. Either enlisted, or caring for the wounded, most people became too busy for a full-time relationship. Daily I met many of my colleagues in the hospital chapel, praying for the war to end. Too many young couples were in a rush to get married.
After it was over, Jonathan was too wounded to do much. He had to walk with a cane. Jonathan’s neediness seemed to fulfill some kind of want in me. Perhaps it was to feel needed myself. Being needed is halfway to being accepted.
To keep from leaving him alone, I took a part time job at a nearby library. There was no chance I wanted to continue being a nurse. With what the job couldn’t afford, I told him that I was left a modest inheritance. Everything was settling. It started feeling like the more I acted and lived as a human, the more my body and brain will alter itself. Was what I wanted the opposite of evolving? And we could live happily ever after, right?
I tried to stay away from the radars of other men. I was able to manage temporary auric shields, as long as it was for a short time. Lingering too long in the market square became a problem. When I realized what was causing me to wander in confusion, constantly getting lost, I had to stop it before it was noticed. I didn’t hear them so loud at first because I was focusing on my agenda, what I needed done. 
As I was passing the shattered window of a bakery one afternoon, I heard the sound of an Italian woman mournfully singing to her dead husband’s memory. It was a corner building and nearly two thirds of the wall were gone. My breath abandoned me when I heard her. I bit my lip hard as I watched her, sweeping the rubble with her head down, sniffling occasionally and clearing her throat in order to begin the next verse at a higher pitch. 
At first, I thought it was dust clouds. Then as I walked into a different angle of the light, the apparition came into focus. In a tall wooden chair, next to a bar counter, the “dust” formed the shape of a man, dressed in a white t-shirt and dark trousers. He was sitting with his back hunched. His head was raised,his eyes were following his beloved wife. 
I think a part of all of us sensed them when we walked through the charred remains of our city. The ghosts seemed stronger when our thoughts were of them. When I chose to pay attention, the voices of both living and dead became louder, as if they all were trying to approach at once. I remember David talking about blocking this.But there were so many, and the environment was fertilized to strengthen their melancholy frequency.
After a while I couldn’t take it anymore. With care, I employed some of the lovely, scantily clad, young ladies on the sidewalk. I chose the ones who looked embarrassed, ashamed to be there. I explained that I needed them to do my shopping for me, promising extra gifts and foods if they behaved. With a better feeling in their hearts, they now eagerly took their wages to their widowed mothers. It wasn’t easy trying to make it without their husbands now. 
Jon and I wanted children. Nothing even close was ever conceived. The doctors blamed it on me.They couldn’t understand why. All they could conclude was that it was probably something genetic. 
The power of belief holds a lot of strength. It is what real-life magic is made of. People centering on some kind of faith held a type of power on its own. Perhaps this created the original environment for experiencing miracles.I continued going to church, sometimes convincing Jon to go with me. Somehow, I knew my miracle was still out there. A twist of a lie as we know now. Still, I wanted to absolve my unspoken desire to be one of them. 
Neither of us could control our nightmares. What our city lived through left no one unaffected. The bombs and sirens were a nightly hellish lullaby. The screams and sounds I still wish to erase most.Jonathan’s human chemical structure made his suffering far worse than mine. At least I was granted some sort of detachment. 
Like my poor cousin, my husband’s physicality was deteriorating. His sullen eyes were sinking into his head.Yet he was able to remain at a constant, heightened state of alert. From the time we met, his aura was always trapped by various levels of nervousness. Sometimes he woke me, screaming for a nurse to bring him his medication. No amount of comfort was helping.
The alcohol was winning. The violence started out as pushing. I blame myself for enabling him, thinking that he needed to react this way to help his condition. What did I know of mental illnesses, or even marriage for that matter? Father Morgan was at the heart of the problem.
Sometimes showing up uninvited, Father Morgan got too friendly. This brought about Jon’s full attention to my allure. His jealous rages followed violent rants, fueled by whiskey. After I stopped coming to Mass, the good father felt the need to visit twice a week. He told us that God had called upon him to do so. I don’t think he even realized how close to losing his life he was. 
Jon was sinking. Along with his severe post-traumatic stress, his long-term contact with me was starting to unnerve and mutilate his reasoning.He was nothing like Nero. He became terribly cruel, to the extremes of locking me in the closet before he left the house. I took his screaming and name calling night after night. Proliferating the perfect disaster, I’m afraid there were too many factors impacting this situation that only elevated it to its doom.
I made plans. I had a natural instinct to save money, assets and other valuables. Since it was still safe to read books around my husband, I started learning ways to take a dollar, and invest successfully. Always having an emergency plan, prevented my condition from causing too many casualties. Now the items David chose to pack me made sense. The passport, the money. His cleverness was becoming more interesting. 



chapter  21 HAPPY EVER AFTER


America seemed to be doing well, and far enough away for Jon to forget about me. With a first-class ticket and my passport, I packed a small bag with two of the same outfits. The idea was in case I ended up having to swim. I’d fake a shark attack. 
The day I was to walk out the door he came home reeking of alcohol and vomit, telling me he just lost his job because he was a safety violation. Before turning around, I glanced to see if my bag was within sight. Straightening myself, my eyes were able to blink without my eyelids ever moving. An inner,retinal lens attacheditself and took over my sight. I saw avision flash, its velocity too quick to catch any details. Sighing slowly, I tried not to show any fear. When you feel your life is in danger, the best thing to do to escape …is lie.
“Where the hell do you think you’re going you little Jessabelle?” He sneered as his body swayed.
“Don’t you have some cleaning around here to do?” Jon’s mind was chaos, mush, jumping from one suspicion to the next. Too blurred to focus on any single object, his red eyes darted around the room instead.
Regaining my composure took a lot of deep breaths. The feeling the image left on me was taking longer to dismiss. Moving slow, I stalled for time. Once facing him, all I could do was focus on the belt he was pulling off. I knew what was coming, but I was too passive to stop it. Flashing a sweet smile, I walked closer to the door. 
“Lola and I are having lunch today Darling,” I crooned, aiming to lead his mood. 
“Then I thought about picking some things up at the market for a dessert tonight. You know I love to cook for you.” I tried to give him a reassuring smile. I’m not sure if it came out right.
Reaching for my bag, I watched his eyes carefully. Lola worked with me at the hospital for many years. Like a loyal friend, she supported my decision to leave. We went over the plan a week before today and she agreed to answer any questions he might try to ask her. 
“We always have lunch on Wednesdays,” I reminded him as gentle as I could.
Jon’s rising temper was building behind his wild eyes. Moving fast, he was suddenly at my side, grabbing my arm with enough force to twist it however he wanted. Flinching only caused him to impose his position upon me more. He jerked my body around to position my back against his chest. Feeling him raise the belt to my neck, triggered more images. I started to lose control of my breathing as he looped it over my head, 
“Well I just decided you’re going nowhere, how’d you like that?” He mocked through heavy gulps. Releasing my arm, he then grabbed the back of my hair and jerked my head upward. Wincing from the pain, I closed my eyes. The monster was awakening, and it fed on panic.
“You’re going to stay here and figure out how many ways you can make me feel better for losing my job thanks to those lousy pricks.” His sour breath pushed the potency of his arousal toward me. His cold, maligned energy closed itself around me as he tightened the belt. The dark, molded leather constricted my windpipe. I could feel my brain losing oxygen.
“And if you don’t feel like doing what I say this time, I swear I’m gonna choke the damn life out of you.” He hissed into my neck. 
Softly he grazed his teeth across my ear and to my neck. Swallowing hard, I tried to focus, to force my mind and my heart to work together. I felt his hand move from my hair to my breast. Grabbing it hard, he gave a soft grunt. 
“Hell,” he growled with a snide expression. “I figure if you’re willing to give that old geezer a lil show, and tickle, you could certainly make me feel better.” I dared to not argue with him about Father Morgan when he was this bad.
Pinching my nipple, he doesn’t let up on the belt. He grabs my hip to press his erection into my backside. There is a confusion in the body and the mind, when someone is trying to force your body into feeling good; in a way that the mind can confuse right and wrong. Sighing, I wanted to ignore my body as his hand started to descend between my thighs. It is always hard to forget the good times. Pretending to return his interest, I rubbed my lips to his neck to whisper…
“Jon please, at least go take a shower first.” With tenderness I let myself kiss his neck, while I mentally struggled to regain control.
 “Then we can continue this where we left off in the bedroom.” 
Flashing a sultry smile, I searched for his response, hoping he was taking the bait. He looked at me a moment, taking forever before smiling back to agree. With Jon clearly on the verge of passing out, I realized that I still had a shot. 
Breathing deep, I made myself focus on feeling pity for this weakened man, to let the emotion drown everything else out. He might have had a better recovery if it weren’t for the hold I took over him. Of course, even without me in his life, he had been through his own anguish. Suddenly something in his morphic field changed. I watched, curious, wondering what could have caused it.
Rubbing his check, my fingertips stopped to rest upon his lips. It was my silent way of saying goodbye to this person I had a hand in destroying. Clumsily attempting to touch my hair, his breathing slowed. He removed the belt and released his grip. Raising his hand to the air he gestured towards the bedroom before stumbling his way toward the bathroom. Smiling, I blew him a kiss. 
I paused near the beginning of the hallway and waited to hear the sound of the bathroom door close. As the latch clanked from the bathroom, I made for the front door. This was it. Freedom was close. 
All I had to do was get out the door. I was going to run to the harbor if I had to. I didn’t notice the atmosphere around me changing again. No longer slowed, my breathing responded to my worrying. The worrying grew into fear. The hasty force used to close the front door made an awful sound. 
Cursing myself, I headed to my car as fast as possible while fumbling around in my bag for the keys. Although he slammed the front door loud enough to make me jump, I still managed to grab the handle of the car door. Jon’s footsteps announced his fury. I wanted to freeze but I had to make it into the car. 
“You stupid bitch! Did you really think I was that dense?!!” His voice was a shrill warning of what was to come.
Jon bolted just enough to reach the handle before I had the door fully closed. Turning to the passenger seat, scrambling to jump out, it was already too late. He easily caught my shoulder. The punch to my face wasn’t the first time, and so there was no initial surprise to it. My shock came from being defeated. 
With me being stunned, he pulled me back and knocked my head into the dashboard a couple of times. The pain was nothing anymore. The years being beaten by his belt made certain of that. My mind learned what to do. To find a way to leave the situation. I always allowed him to force himself on me however, because I had hoped it might bring us a child. 
It was never this bad. Always clever enough to keep from showing his temper in public before. Once from a family with a decent reputation in the UK, we were often called upon to have dinner with some of the older male heads of his family. Without giving any explanation, they stopped. We had no idea why.
The flashes were now like trying to watch a tv show, but the images are blinking too fast. If I didn’t do something, I’d be unconscious soon. Through the sweat and blood, my eyes were still able to look down to see the end of my pistol sticking out of the purse I carried during the war. He was holding my head against the steering wheel. Though he was yelling, my mind was no longer able to focus on his words. He sounded miles away. 
It had always been a conscious decision. I knew what I was doing as I reached for the gun. The moral obligations that structured human nature were no longer enough. As I saw it, it was probably better for him to die by a quick clean bullet than to be eaten alive by the monster. 
In a brutal move he grabbed my hair, jerking me into him. I let him pull me out of the car. Turning towards him, I buried the cocked gun to his chest and pulled the trigger twice. With the houses being so close together, I’m sure someone heard it. My thoughts only escalated my fear. 
Slow to react, Jon’s face drooped, sluggishly morphing from anger to disbelief. He looked down at the hole in his heart. The energy that was sustaining him pulses, washing itself out through his feet as it faded into nothing. His body crumpled backwards onto the driveway. 
It was agonizing, not being able to run to his side. Dearly I wanted to whisper, ‘I’m sorry,’ to hold him and say goodbye. Already I sensed someone responding to the sound of the gunfire. I hurried to jump in the car and start it. The engine roared to life and in my panic, I sped towards the harbor. A familiar symphony was waiting for me there. As I drove, I drank in its essence. With the highs and lows playing out its sweet serenade, I was able to focus again. 
The dock was almost in sight when I concluded that taking the ship may not be the best idea now. Swerving to take a side road, I touched my cheek wincing. The bruise was going to be a big one. There wasn’t time to hide it. The access road to the beach was deserted. Shutting off the headlights still felt safer. Luckily, the road wasn’t very long. 
The objects were in my hands before I even finished parking. Though I was calm, I still wanted to run. I knew they would never be able to find me if I didn’t want them to. But I didn’t want to make that choice yet. I was still convinced that I could save earth. So, I took a moment before I left England forever. I sat there, my breath heavy, hands still shaking, thoughts racing. Finally, I glanced down at the gun that I had carelessly tossed into the seat beside me.
“I’m never going to own another gun.” I spoke into the air.
Confirming this to myself made it as if it were an important promise acceding an important lesson. Once you experience it, it should never be forgotten. I believe the American phrase is, learn from your mistakes. It’s pretty safe to say that that’s a universal ideal for all living things. 
My angry tears couldn’t be stopped. This was not how it was supposed to happen. More so, by committing murder I have disengaged myself from the human I was working to become. A damning sin if there ever was one. Affirmed by the most extreme eternal consequences. In my mind the first death didn’t count. Making the commitments I chose changed everything.
Getting out of the car, leaving my shoes behind, I walked to where I knew there was a secluded area. The waves thundering in harmonic measures was making my ears ring. For once I was hoping to hear a voice, especially David’s. The ocean sounds were disturbing, amplified with a frantic pitch. 
Each step seemed like a mile, slowed by the chaotic cloud of thoughts swirling around in my head, left with no choice but to end in questions. The possibility of defeat came on like a landslide. Getting poisoned by doubt is like being bitten by something venomous. If you don’t remove it, it leads to trouble.
During my walk, I found myself trying to link every possibility, every occurrence that had shaped my life, to the affirmation of religion. Believing God existed, perhaps consciously influencing the lives of mankind, had its interesting social standards. Faith it seemed, was all that humans had when left with nothing else. More than ever, I wanted to hold onto my own faith, to hope that God would really help me to become human. 
The wind picked up speed, the waves grew into larger waves. It felt like a heavy presence was nearing. Reflecting on the bible stories I grew up with, of how God intervened to help his faithful followers made me feel a little better. Since my first memories, it was my greatest desire to live in harmony with mankind. It seemed to have been working when I had a family. I was crazy to believe that I could continue to be one of them.
Were they even aware that they were on a course heading to extinction? There still was an overwhelming amount of multi-cultural information for me to learn about. The mere two wars I lived through seemed to share valuable similarities. Another flash, this one hitting so hard I stopped to regain my balance. The dizziness subsided, but not without causing me great concern. 
Long before reaching the ocean, its unmistakable smell bonded like a chain of molecules onto every breath of oxygen in my wake. My body chose to act on its own accord, rippling and tingling with an excitement I couldn’t control. My eyes have always given me the worst problems. The slightest change in fractals of light becomes very distracting, especially when I’m too close to saltwater.
“Just go to America girl.” Whispering to myself, I headed closer. 
“You can change your identity, start over and figure this out.” 
If I was going to stop them from destroying themselves, I needed time. Enough to learn the true intentions and motivations behind their kind. There were many cultures, many beliefs, many different ways of understanding how to live on this planet. There was a lot of history to search. Being able to study human behavior without being involved was going to be tricky.
Opening my mouth, I took a deep breath. The waves kept their tempo to a neutral rhythm as I entered them. How could anyone not illuminate their own serenity when embraced by the presence of the ocean? She who is ever devoted to sustaining life. The best plan was to go somewhere where I could be invisible, where people are usually too busy to notice each other. A place where there is so much energy, it would be maddening to try to hear it all. At the same time, I could find all the positive energy I needed. 
The water splashed up to my knee, breaking my thoughts. I felt my whole-body frown. I watched the next wave gently roll around my calves. Nothing happened. Not even an internal feeling of anything changing. The colors and rhythm in my energy didn’t seem to even flinch. The panic started to reach for control. My thoughts couldn’t be still long enough to focus on them. Was I going to be punished by legislations that endocrine my chosen faith?
Like spiderwebs in the rain, the emotions resembling human, began to melt away. The soothing, rocking of the waves cleansed away any residual, negative energy that was left. Euphoria couldn’t get much closer than that. 
“Relaaaaaxx…” she sang in her peaceful whisper.
With a surprising explosion of activity, my body jerked forward. My stomach tensed, constricting my posture to remain angled. The muscles began to stretch and pull, twisting and delegating themselves into manipulating their new shape. I wanted to scream. 
The cuts started out as small slits, delicate enough to draw precise, crimson lines of suspended blood. The burning sensation was intense. Bubbling, red blisters started to emerge. I was close to passing out when my pupils expanded and adjusted, feeling as if my eyes were scraped by glass. All the music stopped. 



chapter  22 AMERICA LAND OF THE BRAVE


“Your name Miss please, your name?” 
 Blinking for about the fifth time, I finally looked at the shorter man in front of me. Could he tell that my hair was too wet? I wondered as I bit my lip. Impatient, he tapped harder on the clipboardhe was holding.He was wrinkling his white eyebrows and started to grit his teeth. Giving him a meek smile, I shook my head to apologize. 
“Madeline… Madeline Adagio,” I quickly responded.Clinching my hands, I looked down to the clipboard he was now pushing over to me. 
I grabbed at it a little too fast to write my new name down for him. I wanted to get away from there as quick as possible. I could sense thechurning awkwardness in both of us. How he struggled with his conscious,a mind-battle between lust and chastity. 
“All right Miss,” his heavy Irish accent held a hint of bourbon on his breath. He took the clipboard and tucked it under his arm.
“If you head right over there, you can pick up any stuff you brought. Welcome to America,” he stumbled as he dismissed me.
“Yes, thank you very much.” I managed to spit out. I needed to get away quick before he decided to ask questions. He seemed grateful I was leaving.
Without making any more eye contact, the man nodded and pointed in the direction of a large, white storehouse next to the dock. He then turned around to address the next person awaiting citizenship. Fearing someone would notice my ungodly appearance, I looked for a way to the main road as I pretended to walk toward the building. What I really wanted, was to find was a taxi and a hotel with a good bed. I was exhausted and had no idea what year it was.
In the cab I went over my plans, prioritizing my short term needs first. Modern clothes definitely, and a place to hold a permanent residence for a while. Having always lived a false persona, I felt it was time to discover everything documented about my true race. After all, the best way to change my disease was to know everything about it. Perhaps the humans found something in their science that we haven’t yet.
Experiencing two devastating wars was enough. But there were many others, prior to my time. It got too frustrating I suppose. There was too much research to do, no real way of knowing when time was going be up. In essence, I basically needed to know what kindled the motive of war. This was the indispensable question that needed answers. What sort of actions lead a human to choose to cut down their own kind? How long will this antagonist keep its hold on this world? 
War must’ve been Death’s greatest creation. The unremitting, blood lusting, invincible general of soul collectors. War never leaves anyone unaffected. It was the one, constant pattern in the ratio of Earth’s timeline. 
From what I understand, it begins from the need for money and resources, granting the most fortunate the power to control. Like some type of mental insecurity. Since money seemed to be one of the main causes of war, perhaps the solution was to acquire enough of it to buy peace. People were investing ridiculous amounts of money into creating a war, so why not?
America’s wonderful ambitions grew from manipulated seeds of idealism.One-sided guidance, pushing the newcomers into building an unstable foundation. The founders knew the British did not want to give up their control. Fearing escalating events, people fled. When they tried to create a new government, the British declared war.It’s simple, you can’t form something positive out of something negative. If that wasn’t enough, there was a new conflict with the Natives of thiscountry. Like most new territories, America was born in blood and conflict. 
At the same time, the fast way in which America progressed amazed me. The grand entertainment of the 1950s invited a lot of optimism. This country needed it after its chain of unfortunate times. Perhaps that scientist who created the atomic bomb brought about a new wave of scientific thinking along with his imaginative new methods. Technology prospered like never before. We called it the atomic era. 
After I was settled, I couldn’t help but notice the underlays of dread, circulating from a growing tension in foreign policies. Through silent, whispered, secret conferences; The Cold War emerged before most people were ever aware. But if its energy is in our atmosphere, our senses can’t escape it. We felt it, even though we didn’t know what it was. Experimentations were harvested through secret hallways, justified as being for the protection of the people. Not all civilizations put it so prettily to their citizens. Some chose the way of obvious cruelty.
My attention focused toward the strategies, perpetuating the top dominant nations of the world. Out of fear and greed, some aggressively fought to be ahead in developing advanced technological innovations. It became like a race, or a game to them. There were many critical, new resources for energy modification. It was the epitome of sophisticated progress and modernity. Every country wanted it, racing like blind starving rats in a cramped maze. Sometimes the emotions I got from trying to understand it would upset me for weeks.
Often I wondered, if these leaders were made to serve the victims of war, or the families; would it persuade them to change their minds? The constant caring for someone, changing their bloodied bandages, telling them they will get better soon, only to see them die. And you do this every day. Watching broken families walking away from their dead loved ones, struggling to understand why. 
Some governments tried to maximize their new inventions’ profits. With promises of higher quality, cheaper energy, nuclear power was to be a grand solution. Aside from the wealthiest, it didn’t seem to ease anyone’s fears. Television was our most trusted advisor, our new best friend. This fantastic box made it easier for everyone to be informed of current issues and entertained when we couldn’t handle them.And what we learned, we taught. Large wholesome families were the norm. Men desired the perfection of the domesticated woman. 
TV became affordable for everyone. As sure as American people believed that the weatherman deeply wanted to give an accurate forecast, they believed journalism to be an honest profession. Journalists acquired an important job in serving the public, a heavy responsibility. In our secretive times, people relied on the news for the truth.I stopped watching them eventually
New York will always beremarkable, an artist’s oasis. With so many adapting people compressed in the same compacted area, their energy seemed to mesh together into some type of collective bond. This gallery of auras appeared to be attracted by a need for common interest. Within such a solidified, visceral environment, I was unable to pick up any singular, specific details from the humans. The theory I had was working. The astral silence was wonderful, just as I hoped.
Still financially recovering from the Depression left much of our once advancing commerce in decline. Factories werebeing sold off, moved to areas where labor was cheaper. People were either forced to move or find other employment. The growing popularity of building a suburban life was on the rise. Living in these new communities gave people a way of keeping their jobs. City crime, and poverty grew worse. I believe it’s because they were disappointed, let down that their leaders didn’t try to keep the factories open.
Having been gifted with a large quantity of cash gave me a fortunate advantage. I was able to seek out a profiting district that was going to be able to sustain my goals. The creativity in the new architecture elated me. I barely went without a camera.
Taking America as my first subject for alternative studies seemed the judicious thing to do. There was something about having so many cultures in one place that fascinated me. I loved them easily. Most of the intent in their energy was good. We all came here pursuing the same thing, freedom, safety, with a chance to enrich our lives.
The ideals and constituents of any new government takes some time to get used to. Still I felt strong about being in America. I loved the feel of so much freedom. The new technology the cultural blend was creating, overhearing a couple speaking Italian by the docks, watching Chinese fishermen smiling and selling their catch, wasn’t something you see everywhere. This had to be a better place. 
The first week in my new 12th floor apartment I spent reading everything about New York, focusing intensely on my residential region. I think this was the beginning of my book collection. The stock exchange industry really got my attention. The radiance of excitement in a stock room can’t be bought. Of course, right away there were challenges.
There was no way I could make a lot of appearances. It was also too easy to use my foresight for acquiring large amounts of money. At times I prayed over my feelings of guilt. A great majority of people chose to slow down after the crash. The Depression left its mental marks, in the trades. Only fools were taking higher risks.
My interviews were merciless, candidates for an assistant were examined withcareful, invasive scrutiny. Out of the top ten I chose Laura, a darling of a well-mannered girl, with a sharp focus on success. I kept her freshly dressed in respected clothing for our career field. There was a yearning to pity her in the beginning. I wasn’t sure how she was going to handle the overwhelming demands of the position. As a woman in a male dominant era, I had a hard time paving the way for her. 
Laura’s tasks were to take care of anything I needed. I wanted to be left in my library with minimal disruptions. There were days so frustrating that I felt like I was racing time. The desire to rarely leave the confines of my apartment began to consume me. At her best, Laura didn’t react to the constant flow of packages she was to retrieve. 
Most women were just not prepared to take on a job that involved grueling, dedicated, long-term commitment. They all planned to marry, have kids, and take care of their husband’s home. It was the way of tradition. Their mothers taught them and their mothers before them. Influence has always been important in determining an outcome.
It was Laura’s ambition that confirmed her the job. I liked what I saw in her organized mind. Listening to her background, I knew she would remain structured and determined. She planned to work in order to save money for law school. Looking through her skin, I projected an absent smile to the woman she was to become.
It was important to hire someone young and impressionable. The less matured of this generation were more worried about themselves. Risking questions, explaining my unique peculiar behavior, were not things I was interested in dealing with. Hopefully Laura stayed too busy to put a lot of thought into it. She was a sweet girl though. Her intent was always pure. The touch of her golden energy left my senses longing for more. 
Laura was thrilled that I defiantly challenged the lax cultural traditions of the past. I sensed the inspiration she gained through me. Any minor issues were few and manageable. I didn’t realize how I missed human company until her. 
It’s interesting how I can foresee some things, but not everything. The outcomes are always a jumble of multiple endings. I think it is because we have this right to make choices. Choices… change the events that we experience on Earth. No future is ever completely certain. David told me, ‘that energy is always flowing, therefore, there is potential for new endings to be created.’
Two years after she was employed, there was an incident. One that incited my normally quiet, reserved assistant toward the career path I foresaw for her. Watching Laura go through the pain and humiliation was tough. But it encouraged the characteristics that helped her grow into the powerful woman she became. The arrogance of the deed nourished my rage, fueling my desire to personally confront the situation. It was sickening for me to allow her feelings of shame to affect me. 
Recalling the event in her mind, Laura’s shining light fell low.Her beautiful, youthful face wilted from her thoughts. The dark side of her mind conspired against her, encouraging herto give into defeat. I was not about to permit to happen. No one employed for me had the comfort of being weak. On that day, I sent her to a new firm to test them. Her face cringed, but she remained strong while she recanted how dismissive they treated her. Impressed and gaining my respect, I nodded to her in gratitude. 
“They laughed at me Miss Madeline. They told me to go home to my mommy and daddy.” Laura was upset, but she was far from broken. 
“That a little girl like me couldn’t possibly be serious or know what I’m doing in a business like this.” Laura’s face hardly showed how angry she really was. Being even tempered could be useful to her when she is older.
“They told me I needed to stick to learning how to become a lady; so I would find a decent husband to take care of me.” Laura tried not to frown, but her entire face resisted her will. 
I looked away, allowing her a moment of privacy to shed the frustrated tears of pride she was fighting to control. Her feelings flooded over my own, brewing up quite a storm. Once I planned the best reproach, I’d soon be unleashing it on these foolish men. Nothing angers me faster than the arrogance of any person believing themselves to have some superiority over another. 
Considering my options, I continued to stare out at the woman they erected on the island near my apartment. My closed hand covered my mouth as I recalled the symbols shebestows, and the words Americans are so proud to declare for which she stood.
“Don’t worry.” Removing my hand, I turned to her with a mischievous spark in my eyes.
“I’m going to go handle them.” Striding over to my desk, I reached for a tissue. 
“They will never question your position at anyFirm again.” With a prim and professional expression, I walked over to Laura to offerher the Kleenex. 
“The next time you walk in there, hold your head up high darling; because they will respect you and they won’t say a word, I promise.” Jutting my chin, I gave her a confident smile. 
Laura looked nervous. I attempted to implant my confidence into her. It backfired.The energy was too strong. My anger had to be the reason. Trying to calm myself, I gave her a small, assuring nod. Perhaps I was out of practice. I watched the final particles of red light make their way back to my own energy field before proceeding back to my desk.
“What are you going to do, Miss Maddie?” She stammered. Her dark brown, anxious eyes followed me. 
“I don’t want to be the cause of any trouble.” Laura explained. Looking up from the file on my desk, I smirked. I was already going over the procedures for my plan to handle these pompous capitalists.
“Basically,” I replied as I continued to smile.
“I’m going to make them shut the hell up, take my money, and do what I say with it,” With a wicked look in my eye, I let out a triumphant snort. 
Laura’s soft giggle gave the room the tension break it badly needed. She was better, relaxed again. After being accused of being depressing for so long, it was a pleasant surprise to be able to make someone laugh. I was glad they hadn’t damaged her strongattitude. She looked around the room and waited. A few still-life paintings, depicting my favorite Catholic saints were kept aroundtheoffice.
“Go home Dear…” I spoke from behind the computer monitor.
“I’ll give you all the juicy details tomorrow.” 



chapter  19 STOCKS AND BONDAGE


The atmospheric energies were shifting again. If science, or global technology had any indication, it wasn’t mentioned. A growing number of people were frustrated, forming a sizable ethereal energy wave, capable of setting changes in motion. To me, it became a consideration. Using the energy to amplify these coming changes would help me reach my goal. 
Through specific research, I took note; discovering that there are Earth species with stronger sensitivities than others. They have indeed, a more acute awareness to the stirring, changing, global magnetic field. The animals with larger brains seemed to be some of the most receptive. For some reason, it started feeling important to record the nervous systems of all living things. Ones with brain activity closer to humans got the most attention.
Soon I was ready. Unable to be calmed, my anger infringed my usual sense of hesitation. I ignored the normal concerns about talking to men. Laura’s probabilities for a successful future were too important to make light of this situation. I was going to let them have the sting of my ethereal powers at full force. I take all my investments seriously, and a small voice inside me kept reminding me to invest in this girl.
 Laughing to myself felt good. Walking amongst the mortals, pretending to be mortal again was too amusing. Reaching the steps for the subway, I silently dared them to refuse my money. After months of being cooped up inside, I planned on enjoying taking my frustrations out on something. No one was allowed to question my requests. In the future none of them would again. 
**************************************
When I walked in, they stared as if God had sent his son to pay them a visit. It makes me wonder if my presence beheld something else, I didn’t know about. Men in their best suits buzzed around like bees with handfuls of paper.Others chirping away on the telephones, trying to make their best trades. Almost in unison they stopped, some in mid-sentence.
Trying not to smile, I could hear the deep inhaling as I walked among them. Trying to block so many disgusting thoughts at the same time, was not as easy as I hoped. Ignoring their gawking, I made my way to the back of the room where the main offices were kept. It was hard to contain how much I was enjoying this. Their personal magnetic fields continued to dim one by one. Later the guilt would begin to inhabit my thoughts. We can’t hide from ourselves when we are alone. 
The outfit I chose was sexy simple, but serious. Clothed in a solid, pale pink, business suit, I was always prideful of keeping my pants immaculately pressed. The poor, low-brained creatures thought I was a secretary. By the appearance of their gaping faces, it was quite obvious they weren’t used to seeing females in their over-masculinized work environment. 
At first their egos tried to fight my intrusion. Probably some pathetic, primal, survival instinct. A heaviness in my chest formed. The actions of their magnified anima pressed their intent hard upon me. They wanted control. They used the strength in their will to make me grow uncomfortable enough to leave. Focusing became intense, but I was able to push back harder. I used the sound in the rhythm of my walk like a weapon. My pouty lips curled into a tiny smile. In a defiantwave, I tossed back my unpinned hair; passing their puffed-out chestswithout batting an eye. 
Upon the starched smell of their finely ironed shirts, I caught glimpses of their dominant charged home lives. As boys most of these men were taught, oppression of the wife was necessary. Encouragement was given more toward the patriarchal roles for boys and menwhen it came to developing leadership skills. Unless a girl was lucky enough to have been born to a rebellious mother. Ignorance shouldn’t be so complicated to solve. 
Turning my focus to the large, round, man in front of me; I wondered which type he was. His eyes bulged in fright.He looked like he had been hit with a taser. 
“Next time my assistant comes in here I should expect no problems, correct?” Absorbing the energy was beginning to feel good. I stood over him and gave him a catty smile. 
“Not one Miss… and again let me deeply apologize for the incident out on the trade floor.” I looked away with a casual frown. The way his sweating palms flapped around nervously was becoming disgusting.
“I assure you I will be handling it personally,” his blubbering mouthexclaimed. 
“I’ll be calling you tomorrow to see that it has been, Mr. Devarau.” I looked around his unkempt office. By not allowing him to make eye contact, my hold remained in place. 
Standing up and excusing myself, I left him there, sweating and looking for a pencil. In his mental stupor, he wasn’t able to ask any other questions. I could hear his feeble mind going over the tasks I gave him to do. I pushed his thoughts to begin composing letters of termination to be delivered that afternoon during payroll. The phone call from his office was already making progress. No one stopped their job as I exited the building. They wanted to be angry, but they couldn't.
Reaping in the benefits of the trade sequences I chose was paying off. My investments hardly ever failed. It surprised me how interested Laura was in learning herself. With the new type of attention she was getting, I questioned her dedication to the work. The romantic dates were annoying, but I let her enjoy it. She didn’t speak much about him and I was happier leaving it that way.
We weren’t surprisedDevarau started sending flowers and other tokens of affection. His amusing effort made me smile from time to time. Mr. Devarau was addicted to power. He couldn’t understand his attraction toward me. And I think that confused him. 
Laura and I started a notebook called ‘Excuses,’ to keep track of all the polite declines we used the most.She was becoming very protective of me. Any and all requests were rejected at this time. I wasn’t about to risk another bad human encounter while I still didn’t know what I was. Women were attracted to me as well. But my disease worked different on them. They desired my companionship, conversation. After a while, I began to notice how they seem to grow more empowered around me. 
“Some of these fellas are really interested in learning how you know when to invest so well Miss Maddie.” 
She was dressed modestly today.That meant that young man wouldn’t be walking her home. But she glowed.And her radiant, smile and sparkling, dark eyes could not go unnoticed. Nothing brought me more pleasure than watching her evolve. The victories over those arrogant idiots was nothing compared to watching something positive flourish.
“You’ve never been wrong.” Bearing her proud smile, Laura placed the mail on my desk. 
“I think that’s what bothers them.” She gleamed.
“Let them figure it out for themselves.” I answered, glancing at the letter from a lab in Washington. 
Rolling my eyes, I waved my hand airily to show her my sarcastic enthusiasm about what those men believed. With a warm smile to end the subject, I stood up. Opening the filing cabinet behind me, I was eager to get her out the door. I’d been losing sleep over those lab results.
Handing her a stack of color-coded folders, I noticed her energy reaching for me. Its rich,lavender strings uncurled.Their light expanded as they stretched toward my heart.She was standing there admiring me. I shifted into an uncomfortable pose. Gazing at her a moment I focused my breath, making sure my illness wasn’taffecting her in a dangerous way. Her energy began to return to her. Sometimes it was hard not to associate her with my own Italian family. 
Laura enjoyed presenting me with generous gifts of savory golden pies, abundantly plump, aromatic muffins, and other delightful, delicious, spiced pastries made by her father. I tried to be careful about accepting too much of their generosity. It made it harder not to form a fondness for them. As much as I wanted them in my life, it made me panic at the same time. 
During the warmer seasons I isolated myself, sometimes for days. They wouldn’t express how it worried them, but they were simple minded people, which made it easier for me to see their thoughts. Being the warm-hearted woman, she was, Laura’s mother liked to send over fresh bouquets from her garden along with plates of food to ensure I was eating well. 
Unfortunately the city’s growth attracted greed, and with it, corruption. Her father’s bakery became in jeopardy of foreclosure. New development companies were buying up whole blocks to put in shopping centers. Financially, not only was I doing well enough to save up for my great investments, there was also enough left to help Laura’s family. After paying what was owed, I convinced the realtor to give Laura’s father a better deal on a bigger building in a safer neighborhood. To appease his pride, I let him pay me back a small loan for having the building and design refurbished.
My love of art forbade me from not going out every once in a while. On the right windy evenings, the sounds a nearby opera or ballet gravitated to my block. I found myself locking the front door before my conscious caught up with me. How could I resist with my background rooted, reaped, sown and entangled in art? 
I attempted to visit the cinemas and art galleries during the day. The energy of the city being magnified by the solar energy of the sun was too distracting to enjoy it. It never occurred to me that perhaps I avoided the sun as much as I tried to avoid confrontations for other reasons. I was simply used to people being more active during the day.
Constantly adjusting to fashion was a sedimentary process. At home I liked to wear loose, comfortable, sleeveless dresses. They were made of thin, silk material to keep from irritating my skin too much. I was as safely close to nude as I could be. When I went out, I wanted to try to keep my skin layered, and it didn’t always work well with the seasons. 
Laura had to encourage my interest in “finding the fun in it” as she put it. When she took me to a fashion show, I discovered a greater appreciation for the industry. One such as I was certain to see the respect it deserves, she pointed out. For many reasons, I refused to go to a salon, relying only on Laura’s opinion of current suitable styles. I made sure to pay the stylist extra for coming to my apartment. 
Developing several theoriesabout the chemicals in my body, I was hopingthe lab results were going to give me some kind of new information on the bio-schematics in my DNA. By this age I was certain my skin was releasing natural pheromones, combined with a non-human chemical that was causing animals and humans to have intense reactions around me. Humans being the more evolved seemed to understand it the least, yet they reacted without knowing.
Even with the new grand technology, there was still not enough solid information about people like me. Nothing truly believable that is. I held an inner sense that there should be. Something was preventing the knowledge from being public privilege. Before drifting off to sleep, I sometimes caught hazy visions of a large vault, filled with filing cabinets in a small room; positioned into a space discreet and narrow enough to mask a hidden hallway.
It was the only lead I had, and I ran with it. Attempting to focus on the image every night, I tried to explore the surroundings further, hoping to discover information to tell me where and how to find this place.Once I fully embraced New York, my understanding of its residents took on deeper enterprise. There were so many shades of positive energy, I didn’t have to worry about violating anyone to take it anymore. 
To visit the places, I studied helped to interpret the emotional structure, and its role in the humans’ decision making during some of the defining moments in history. As these changes so sculpted everyone’s lives, it seemed crucially important to examine them with specific importance. 
If viewing photographs and reading about history were the 2-d version of viewing energy patterns, experiencing them on hand would be the 3-d version. I wrote plans to experience, to touch the buildings and feel the traces of what was left behind. The vectors of suspended time lingeredin the pores of these structures.They were left withpowerfully charged emotional energy, attached to the monumental tragedy that was scarred upon these locations, projecting their vapors into our brains. And how did it affect us? And how has it changed us?
On my walks, there were close calls.Over curious men passed me by on the street who couldn’t stop themselves from following me. It didn’t help trying to be rude. They just seemed to think that I was playing hard to get. If the poor fools knew I was trying to save their lives they wouldn’t have laughed. 
I couldn’t help but dote on Laura’s family. It seemed to improve their morale, and that improved their overall well-being, which improved her performance at work. It’s all chain-linked and still humans can’t seem to figure out how to run a healthy society. They were so delighted that I owned a television set, so I got them their own. Over time, I found myself buying them more and more extra, useful amenities. 
 My intent was to help give them the chance at better opportunities. They became in a way, my own human science project. Laura’s youngest sister was three. It was perfect. I would be able to test theories I had about economic impact on early childhood development. 
My own TV was hardly ever on unless I was watching the news. Fiction and fantasy were too useless and irrelevant to my interests. I was only focused on absorbing information about current world issues or political happenings until I found the solution.
There happened to be a noticeable irritation when sounds from certain commercials came on. I kept note of these, sound sensitivities, and documented which notes musically they applied to. Through the research, the conclusion was clear, that there was something significantly important to understanding how sound affects us, of how it affects the breakdown of energy particles. 



chapter  24 THE TOURIST

In the fall of 1954, what terrible occurrence I prayed would never happen finally occurred... She didn’t see it coming either.
“Miss Maddie,” Laura spoke as she organized the files she shuffled to carry.
“Has the thought ever occurred to you to actually go out and really live?” Biting down on her lip, she made a hesitant pause on a set of pink tabbed folders.
“There are many ways to goand see the wonderful places in the world that you like to read about.” Remembering I was an immigrant, Laura looked to me and tried to give a smile. I could hear her hoping the tone in her voice didn’t offend me.
“I’m concerned.You live your life in solitude a lot Miss Maddie...” Laura cast her eyes to the white, tiled floor. It must’ve been the surprised look I gave her. I wasn’t actually offended, I just had never really considered it.
“I mean,” she finally stammered on… “Wouldn’t you rather live life than just read about it?”
“Don’t you get lonely?” She quickly spat out. Her voice now a pitch lower. 
Sitting at my favorite Victorian, writing desk; I was absorbed in the pages of a new science journal. She’d caught my precognitive senses off guard. Reading is one of the only few times I am vulnerable.Trying not to publicize the reaction I was feeling, I closed my eyes. The dread of what I was about to say caused knots in my stomach. 
Closing the magazine, I sat it atop a book on war history I recently purchased. The Spanish Wars of Florida. In a low vibrational, covert move, I tested the air. Breathing soft, I leaned back in my chair. My mouth twitched as gathered my thoughts. My sighs were tense. Before responding, I clasped my hands together and moved them to touch my lips. 
“Laura, my darling,” I began as delicate as possible.
“I’m afraid it is time for your employment to expire.” 
 Placing my fingertips on the red mahogany desk, I stood up. Watching her reaction, I began unbuttoning the jacket of my light gray suit Hanging it on my chair, I felt how quickly her energy changed. She was trying not to shake, but her body was cringing. The towering aisles of over stocked bookshelves seemed to make her tall, slender form look meek. 
“Miss Madeline,” she fumbled out the words. 
“I’m so sorry.” The startled energy began to jump around, ricocheting throughout the room. Two unexpected vibrations caused by unexpected responses. 
“I…I… didn’t mean to be disrespectful to you.” Chewing on her bottom lip, she folded her hands in front of her.
“I know… I shouldn’t have spoken out like that after you’ve been so kind and generous to my family.”
From the base of her feet, her fear began to rise. Her color changed from a rose-colored pink to an electric yellow, its fibers ignited as they made their ascension. The greyer light followed it like a dog waiting for food to fall from a table.
“If you please let me stay in your employment, it will never happen again.” Her body pulsed like a star. She was on the verge of crying. I hurried over to her before the gray could do its terrible damage. Giving her an encouraging smile, I took her hands in mine.
“Oh, my dear child, you haven’t done anything wrong. Please always speak what’s on your mind. Never let anything change that wonderful, driven spirit you have.” I gave her hands a warm squeeze before letting them go.
“And don’t let this affect you in a harsh way please. I love you like you were my own.” I sighed deeply at those words.
“This has nothing to do with what you said,” I lied. Brushing it off, I continued. 
“In fact, you are totally right. No one should live their life vicariously through literature or through another human being.” I bit my lip as I looked at her, hoping to find some way to make this easier.
“I had been planning this for a little while now. I’m leaving New York darling.” I couldn’t stop myself from pausing. 
“I’m afraid I’m not going to be back for quite a few years.” Hoping for signs of recognition, I watched her face. I had to make sure she was going to be okay.
The colors of her emotions were still unstable. Amber sparks emitted from her heart. The gray had slowed its consumption, but the yellow was still very active. She looked like she was going to lose it any minute. 
To create a much-needed distraction, I turned around and dashed to my safe. Sighing, I rubbed my forehead while turning the mechanical wheel. Its cranks and cogs auto-initiated the mathematical code used to open it. 
“How much more do you need for college?” I asked her in the midst of pulling out stark, white envelopes of cash. My sympathy was causing my emotions to fight for control. Why did I let myself get so attached to her? I mused as the heavy steel door opened.
“I’m giving it to you as compensation pay.” 
 Hoping it would help to sound more business-like, I turned my attention to retrieving a folder of bonds I saved up for her. Opening it, I took out a blank check that was paper clipped to the side. I needed to rush things before my own nervousness caused the situation to get worse.
“Oh. Miss Maddie,” she barely managed. Her throat trembled; the words spilled from her mouth. 
“You don’t need to do that. You have done so much for me and my papa already.”
I closed the drawer a little harder than I should have. Memories of Emilio immediately enfolded. Some call this empathy. Being forced to hide the connection made it easier to dismiss her. I cursed at myself for becoming too attached. Shifting, uncomfortable, I kept my focus on the desk. 
Grabbing the nearest pen, I wrote the check for a reasonable amount. Enough to get her established in school, and to help her father retire. It was frustrating to have to destroy my experiment, but her questions were going to get more personal from now on.
“There will be time for others,” David’s voice whispered. My eyes twitched at the sound of his lulling accent. 
Pretending not to react, I looked up. Laura looked lost.Standing stiff andlistless, she was playing with her hands. She glanced over to me. Her face was sinking. Fighting to stabilize herself, I watched the duality of the two energy fields surrounding her, moving like a wave, one trying to overpower the other. My own heart and mind also battled the dark gray consuming force. I had to say something important to keep her on the right track.
Even as the movement begged for air, my shoes made a tense sound walking toward her. She wanted to say something. Thinning my lips, I handed her the folder. Before she could begin, I raised my hand, insisting she remain silent. Softening my eyes, I reached to pat her on the back. Tears were already rolling down her cheeks, puffing the soft features of her beautiful, brown eyes. 
“Darling, you have been so good and patient with me.” I did my best to soothe her. 
The pity couldn’t be stopped. I felt that if I suppressed my emotions, I wouldn’t be able to provide Laura with a smooth transition. And that would cause her future to suffer for it. Touching her chin, I raised her head to acknowledge I wanted her complete attention.
“I want you to continue with what you started out wanting to do. Do you understand me?” I ordered. I kept our eyes locked together.
“That’s how you’re going to repay me.” Satisfied with myself, I smiled.
In slow motion, Laura nodded her head. She was still in shock, but at least she understood. The locks of her wavy, brown hair bounced in unison. Retaining a mental hold, I moved warm waves of soothing maternal energy to her. Her body seemed to receive it in a grateful relief.
“I’m glad we were able to have these years together.” I smiled. “And I will always cherish it.” Keeping a straight face, I smoothed her hair.
“I truly hope that later on in life, I’ll get to see you stayed strong,and accomplished something great.” Shining my confidence on her, I affirmed. Then I added for good measure: 
“Because I have always prayed for the greatness in you to be set free.” I gave her another warm smile. 
“That’s why I chose you out of everyone else.” 
I already knew she was going to end up a successful leader in the political movement that was to come. Profound changes are inevitable, even with mankind’s inabilities to make decisions. People have forgotten what integrity is for, I believe. But, the one thing that we can always predict, is the science of constant changes. 
Brushing her hand across her face, Laura broke eye contact as she thought it over. Internally, I could see the neuro-mechanics of her mind adjusting to the situation. Then coming to rest, she looked at me again. Finally, she smiled. To keep her stabilized, I pushed a mental reminder onto her, imprinting an image that her favorite male friend from the office was going to be waiting for her today.
“Yes Ma’am.” Her smile was mournful, yet she stood up straight. 
“And I thank you for letting me be a part of your interesting, yet remarkable life.” Dissatisfied with her awkward stance, Laura shifted her foot, then looked around the room. 
“My family and I will never forget what you did for us.” Her wandering eyes stopped their journey as they come to locate me again. Tactfully, I nudged to her another exciting reminder. My lips slow-curved a smile as her face lit up. 
Realizing her fortuitous situation, she exclaimed. “I’ll be the first one in my family to go to college!” 
“And so, you need to remain a good influence for your younger sister.” I was quick to point out.
“Go out, take on the challenge, break barriers, break boundaries, break traditional stereo-typing of what they expect us to be.” I encouraged.
“Show your sister what greatness women can accomplish, that we females can be more than what society sees of us.” 
To further empower her will, I sent her little hints of ideas, enthusing her with images of what she might become. Being a muse is one of the powers we have, that always seems to be overlooked. Absorbing the information, Laura nodded. The hidden mental scenes were making a good impact. 
The gray energy was leaving. I couldn’t have been more relieved.I’m not the greatest at giving pep talk. She was cheerful again. A subtle, promising indication that she was definitely going to be ok. I smiled to her before moving back to my desk.
The sun was setting, casting from the large viewing window at the back of the room. Our great, omniscient Statue of Liberty outclassed her own luminous silhouette. Hiding my scrutiny behind my blond bangs, I continued to analyze her. I opened the bottom drawer to my desk. She looked around the soft lit study, stopping to admire the paintings of courageous, prominent women in history. Many were recent additions. With her mind trickling toward thoughts of her male suiter she asks.
“Well,” Laura took a breath. “Is there anything else I can do for you before I start home Miss?” 
“Yes.” I gave her a crisp answer, extending my arm to hand her a stack of folders. 
“Take these downtown first.” My smile came out awkward, the effort was noticed, however.
 “Then go home and start planning your college courses right away. I don’t want you wasting any time.”
Businesslike, I held my hand out to her to make that closing handshake. Laura chose to grab me instead, hugging me tight for reassurance. She placed her face against my chest. Without giving it a thought, I stroked her hair, cherishing the last of these final moments with her. In the stillness, I said a prayer.
“Good luck Miss Maddie.” Laura almost whispered. 
Her lips trembled. I held my breath, hoping she wouldn’t cry. Finally, I exhaled and rested my head on the crown of Laura’s. Thinking of how I had longed for a child, I let her hold me, hoping her smell would stay forever. 
“I hope you find what you’re looking for,” she declared. 
Quickening her step to hide her pain, she turned and made for the door before I could answer. My eyes followed her shape passing thru the door frame. I let our connection recede before allowing myself to shed the emotions. Wiping the tears, I walked toward the large port-facing windows. Our majestic female statue stood guard over the city. An icon so valued and revered by this country. Her face ever more ubiquitous.
Touching my fingers to my lips I whispered… “Lady Liberty, watch over her for me.” 



chapter  25 DRIFTWOOD


Laura was to be the only assistant I allowed myself to grow a familial attachment to. I blame my own foolish carelessness for that. My social experiment with her family was going so well. I should have been more mindful of what could happen when a human’s emotions entangle with mine too deeply for too long. Once two energies become harmonized, it can take a great amount of time for them to coagulate.
Perhaps when I hired her, I didn’t set my standards high enough. I believe it was really a matter of her reminding me of what I could be, if I am lucky enough to fully eradicate the monster preventing me from being human. 
Eager to begin preparing, I got up early. The sun barely had a chance to rise. I ate a fulfilling breakfast from the bistro downstairs, as I stood over a large opened map. Spreading it out over the somewhat larger, aesthetically proportionate, white oak dining table took a lot of room. The table was usually more of a show piece than anything of use. I never entertained anyone in my home. 
My apartment was like a multi-cultural bizarre, cram-packed with too many curiosities. Not particular to any one style, I bought items ranging from furniture, to statues, to knick knacks, to valuable works of art, and of course my books. The Japanese style bed was authentic, meant to allow more space for other things. 
Simple and moderately detailed, the map consisted of the entire region of the United States. Searching through its locations, I circled the most defining moments in American history, ones that had a stronger ‘feeling’ than others. Planning an extensive tour, the possibility to reside in the areas I was most drawn to seemed plausible. At least for a limited amount of time. Thanks to Laura, I wanted to try to set up other social-science projects.
Starting from where I was, wandering the north east first was a practical decision. From Maine, I planned to head south. A rush of energy transpired as my hand passed Florida. I made notes to look for real estate there. Once finished south, I would make my way across the gulf, to the middle, and continue north, almost in a zig zag pattern. 
Eventually I would reach the Pacific Northwest, and make my way through the desert, then down the west coast. My finger filled with heat. I stopped tracing the route at California. More flashing images. The sky red with fire. I looked down at the name of the city my finger rested upon.
“Los Angeles?” I questioned out loud.
“Hmm...The land of movies stars and rock n roll?” I murmured before taking notes of what I just saw. 
Sometimes my mission felt like it was going to become too overwhelming for me to handle. I’d think of David in those moments and what he might do in my situation. His voice would eventually find its way to me. Sometimes it took a day or two, sometimes it was within minutes. It has taken me a long time to get used to this method of communication. 
“You have time,” his muffled voice responded. Its sound was a hallowed, slowed tone, as if being stretched to elongated measures to reach my ears.
From that intricate, white table, I moved to prepare some finalizing on things locally. Before leaving, I had to ensure that my stocks and investments kept going to keep the money coming in. After time, managing to balance my unrestrained hoarding became conditional. But not yet. There was still the question of what amount of financing it will take to ensure the permanency of world peace. 
Steadying my breathing, I walked into the dark bedroom. Going to the closet, I picked out a no-nonsense, black skirted suit. My hope was that everything would to go quick and easy downtown. In a haste, I ran the hairbrush through my hair as I looked for shoes.
“I can do this.” I assured. Content with myself, I started packing to leave town. 
“It just needs some practicing, and I’ll start by testing it out today.” I spoke to myself. Turning to straighten my clothes in the mirror, I felt confident, satisfied with my words. 
“Yes, that’s the answer.” David’s voice was back. 
“Practice pulling in that energy that lures them to you…”(I wasn’t sure whether he meant to pause or not.)
“At the same time push out a force of repelling energy to keep them at a distance.” Listening to him, I realized his logic. It seemed plausible enough. Why not? Something that hasn’t been tried, still has a chance of working.
**************************************
Though my ambition drove into me roaming from state to state, I never considered myself to be a nomad. This pilgrimage of 40 years lasted longer than the life span of some humans. The benefits of being nomadic not only helped to keep up with new research, it was also the best way to prevent more people from getting killed. My logic was, if I had no time for interaction with them, nobody died.
The incoming, new digital age harnessed the ideal way to intermingle with humans and not have to interfere with them. Though there were many more tragic times, it was also a marvel to witness the evolutions taking place. The human spirit can appear to be extremely headstrong in situations of conflict. Once boundaries are crossed, they can be provoked to organize, assembling for a more impactful change. 
It became too painful to remain a mere spectator. Though my research required my main focus, I still chose to find subtle routes for helping them. To watch them stand up and fight for what they believed in felt like an exemption I shouldn’t be taking in vain. The fact that it is too easy for me to influence lower vibrational minds, was why I took careful responsibility.
Sometimes it was hard to decide when to give humans a nudge, and when to let them sort out things for themselves. There were many moments I almost regretted not stepping in to influence a situation. It was a complicated risk. The calculations had to be accurate in order to keep from wasting the authentic chances that I might have. 
 My fortune-telling nightmares grew worse. They became silent movie, raging scenes of catastrophic destruction, with no discrimination, no clues to a specific time or location. Sometimes the event would make its way onto the local news. Watching them on TV, I held my breath. Was this it? Is it too late? And then I’d wait for David to show. I’d receive not even a whispered remark. 
It wasn’t easy to master quieting all the irritant, gnawing, variant images during the day. I had to make it become as natural as breathing. Our super sensitivity can make everything distracting. The nights I did manage to let myself sleep were almost impossible to control. 
Often, I tried to contact David. I needed him and the feeling of safety he brought. From my short lesson on our “time” difference and the way we communicate; I’m not sure of whether he could hear me, or he chose not to answer. So many critical times, and heart-breaking events came. To each I worried it was going to be the end. I wasn’t prepared enough. 
 All the research I was acquiring started to tangibly pile up. Looking around my latest two-story Victorian home, I was beginning to realize I had this urge to…possess things. Objects of beauty, literature, things from history that had a strong residual energy. Having nowhere to store them and unable to fight off the impulse to buy them, I felt forced to keep a few permanent residences. And with so much time spent consuming information, I was tired of keeping track of storage units. 
The houses I own in both California and Upper New York have multiple library rooms, all of course based on subject, in alphabetical order. I know you’re rolling your eyes right now. Stop it. The maids do that. 
That’s what got me into real estate in the beginning. As enormous as my homes were, they were nothing more than large-scaled, highly decorated, storage units. I didn’t regret being on the go all the time though. It kept me from feeling an inner need that I could not yet place. 
Leaving no time to relax also helped to keep my mind keenly focused. With every disaster, I felt more of an urgency. Sometimes I wanted to think maybe interacting with humans could have made my research easier. It was hard not to consider what else I could have been learning from them. Before I could take the risk, I needed to learn more about myself. And I needed more money…
Over the years, I’ve had so many pets run away that I started keeping aquariums instead. I did try to go to the zoo once. I had to leave almost as soon as I arrived. Many of the animals I walked past became nervous and angry. The predatory mammals took my presence the worst.
My peace came from discovering that the general popular species of the ocean had a positive response towards me. The clear ring of their voices in my head was not completely unexpected. Those were the best times when I was with them. 
**************************************
Cetaceans speak at a tempo much different than other animals. Dolphins can send and receive ultra-sonic frequencies. An energy that people are drawn to and claim to feel healed from. Whales communicate many times faster than a human. They are capable of emitting measurably effective sonic scalar waves. Every time I arrived; they expressed their joy in an excited clarity. I hadn’t felt that good in ages. Their powerful, restorative energy hypnotized even me.
Once I noticed the how the cetaceans were always eager to communicate, I made it a hobby of learning their physiology, personalizing in genetics, along with the specifics of their neural code. It was both surprising and not, to discover how much my species have in common with them. 
We were also sharing the experience of being starved, deprived of our full potential. Some of the talks I had with the dolphins seemed to give us both some kind of comfort. It seemed that they were fulfilling that elusive, unforgettable void. And so, I got active.
The orcas were taking their captivity harder than the rest. The vibrations in their agony could have torn me apart. Listening to them speak of their stories brought me to tears. They were so young, heartbroken, and confused. They missed their mothers…their families. They spoke of witnessing their relatives viciously murdered in front of them. From the images they projected of the red water, I felt their terror, their depression. With the water in their tanks as a conductor, thevibrations were close to overpowering. Their high levels of anxiety left me nauseated. I couldn’t understand why the humans couldn’t see or feel their pain. 
Though I wasn’t able to set them free, it didn’t stop me from trying. At first, I tried speaking to the directors of the program. It was awkward at first. After roaming for so long, I had forgotten what it was like to communicate face to face with humans. At first they thought my opinions were ridiculous, until I started making considerably generous donations.
By coercing the show owners into hiring my chosen scientists and doctors, I was able to keep an eye on them. I reserved a few doctors of my own, to be on hand privately as well. To keep the link of my DNA from being exposed, I kept them sworn to secrecy under legal obligations. 
The animals were not adapting. At each visit I found them frantic. The dolphins nervously chirping, tell me of recent occurrences, begging me to bring them food. They couldn’t understand the cruel nature of the humans. Desperate to be understood, they explained to me that they did their best to help these people they called trainers. Nevertheless, they were denied food and social access to the rest of their new pod. 
The separation and trauma were too much for the orcas. They became reduced to aimlessly floating in their tanks. Their minds lost to despair. Were it able to be channeled, their dark, contaminated energy would have been enough to suffocate any human within range. Sitting there by their side, through showers of tears, I vowed to them never to give up until they were free. I couldn’t get past the shock of the way these phenomenal creatures were being treated. The growth of the human mind and its process for rationality was beginning to dishearten me. 
One grand ominous day, a small blonde girl walked up on me. Her wavy pigtails carelessly moved like pendulums as she enjoyed her bright orange lollipop in bliss. I was leaning close to the cold glass, writing in a small notebook. Her smell was delicious. 
Exhaling, I looked up I see her stunned in a wonderous gaze., Okona the dolphin had been clicking, chirping, and responding to my questions. With a playful curiosity, Okona stopped and turned her attention to the child. Observing the girl, I smiled. The lively waves in her energy were brilliant. Like watching the colors of a seaside sunset forming into its own sonata. 
With a playful smile curling across my lips, I looked to Okona and placed my hand onto the glass. Nodding to me, she responded by placing her flipper up, aligning it with my fingers. Watching the girl with a smile, I listened to what Okona had to say. We regarded each other and turned back to the bright-eyed child. Her energy took an undulating course, happily willing to harmonize with mine. She was at that moment, the child I always I wanted. Walking over, I kneeled before her.
“Do you want to see some magic?” I whispered sweetly. 
She looked thoughtful for a moment as she licked the sweet, sugary candy. I admired the way her face glowed when she smiled. She nodded her head and looked behind me to Okona. Her bright,red coat was new I noticed, as her shoes seemed well taken care of.
After a glance to the hall behind her, I walked back to the tank. Once again placing my palm to the glass, the dolphin responded immediately by placing her flipper to my hand. Continuing to watch the dark hall, I raised my other hand. My little audience watched in silence with inquisitive scrutiny as I made circling gestures in the air. 
Okona nodded back in excitement, rocking her body back and forth. The little girl gasped as Okona swam over to her to wave before performing comical feats of swimming in circles, then jumping up to finish off with a flip. The gracious cetacean swam back to her, singing and awaiting the girl’s approval. Clapping in ahappy rhythm, the little girl giggled. Beaming for her new friends, she stepped back to look in the direction I had been watching. I was already gone.
My obsession with reading seemed to make time pass faster. Many times, some of the literature I read would find a way to bring itself into existence, posed as coincidences. For a while, I didn’t really pay much attention to them. I was so interested in well…life, that it enabled me to cross reference from one subject to another. 
Everything seemed to correlate. During reading history, I’d raise questions on the psychology of the cultures of man and their economic conditions, which thrusted me into collecting books on other subjects. Of course, every time someone wrote a book about war, I felt the need to study it. It was critical to have every possible perspective for collaboration. That was how I’d make a way to end the wars. 
Amusing as it was, most of the information written on my genus didn’t turn out to be of muchuse. Claims were made, findings were recorded, still nothing was yet to be solidly proven. Once there was an interesting theoretical film about my kind on an animal channel. Some still claim the videos to be true. 
It could have been a disheartening failure, never able to reveal my true self to anyone. Yet when considering negotiate situations, how would it fair as a bargaining piece? The important lab tests, results, and research was kept on separate external hard drives. All was copied in triplicate. I began in depth investigations into politics and controversial conspiracy theories. 
The world seemed to live as if in a façade, like experiencing everything in a pre-set way of intention. The vibe of humans was much lower than ever before. Strangely inorganic, electrical frequencies were higher. The technology created to assist their progress, also created a shroud over their auric field. With my exceptionalsight, I was forced to watch as a gray translucent sheet of dull energy enclosed its way over the atmosphere. It was taking over everything. 
Beginning with ancient Mesopotamia as the origin, I began keeping journals. In a sense, they were a reflection of everything I learned. I made sure to carefully transcribe accounts of each war. The cause needed to be understood from all points of view. For me, it made sense to observe them from a timeline. The goal was to try to find a similar environmental pattern, some significant connection in the humans’ social interactions, something to stir an unrest that may have led up to war. 
Years left imprints of revolutions, which converged into irreparable memories. Subjects in my notes began to gain repetition. Money and economic dominancy showed merit of being an important part of decision making internationally. I kept an intense watch on the exchange of money in correlation to political power. 
Many humans were confused, uncertain of how their governments were ran. Television was once a means to inform and relax. Now it’s become their way of escape, leaving necessary social conflicts unresolved. Technology and innovation were being abused. Some of the worst of the impact hit America’s education system, struggling to keep up with other countries, taking bad blows from lack of funding.
“I’m going to buy the world and make everyone get along.” I used to think. Seems so crazy to me now. 
I kept my head down, ran multitudes of tests, stayed anti-social and kept my eye on new developing research. 
In vain I suppose, I still wonder. With all my advanced abilities, through the depths of my psyche, how I was still blind sighted. What blocked me from seeing you coming?




chapter  26 THE UNTHINKABLE ENCOUNTER


“You know I hear there are treacherous mermaids in these waters.”
Startled and broken away from her thoughts, Madeline’s tired body jumps. Quickly she turns to one side to look at the shadowy figured young man, who somehow managed to get past her guard. 
Will takes a step back and smiles to her. Happily continuing to admire the blonde, he puts his hands in his pockets. Amused by his own fancied humor he tries to give her a smirk. 
Maddie can only stare. Cringing her eyebrows together, she puzzles at how he was able to silently appear so close beside her. The neighborhood was quiet. The beach was usually empty this late at night. Had she been so emotionally adrift, caught up in the sound of the waves to not sense him coming? 
Will stood about an average height of 5’9. Maddie noticed he had athletic build, which meant he liked to keep in shape. His sandstone blond hair tapered at the ears, slightly curling around them. Long wavy bangs parted at the forehead before curving around his eyebrows. 
Maddie crosses her arms in a cool composed gesture, attempting to appear uninviting. She continues to give him a sharp-eyed, vapid stare. She examines the energy in his life force while trying not to show her intrigue. 
Will raises his hands in the air. Shrugging his shoulders, he smiles as if to surrender. Maddie raises her eyebrows.
‘Did he sense my attack?’ Surprised, she moves one leg behind her.
“I’m sorry, that was a poor attempt at being funny.” In an effort to explain, Will motions to her shoulder.
“I noticed your tattoo there and tried to think of something clever to say to try to cheer you up.” He shrugs again.
“You looked kinda sad, standing there staring out at the waves like that.”
“My name is William, but my friends call me Will." In his best attempt to be friendly, he smiles again, holding out his hand for her to shake. 
With a skeptical pout Maddie looks down at his hand, then back up at his face. Letting her eyes speak her response, Maddie keeps her arms crossed. Hoping to make him more uncomfortable, she gives him another intense gaze. 
Will refused to give up his approachable smile. His energy seemed to have a gentler tone. There were no signs of the usual infection that happens to all other men when they meet her. 
‘Something is not normal here,’ marks her thoughts. She bites her lip and takes another moment to study him. 
Slow at first, Maddie decides to reach out and accept his hand. Narrowing her eyes, she watches for any abnormal reactions. Usually there was a significant change in the humans from her simple touch. Will’s magnetic field had a deepened orange glow that reminded her of autumn. 
“Why isn’t he reacting like the others?”
“I’m Madeline.” She manages to say. Her voice rings out like a finely, composed concerto. Each syllabizedwordwas effortlessly attuned to producethe perfect harmonic sensation. Stunned and confused for a moment, Will tries to show no reaction. 
“My friends call me Maddie.” 
Anxious,Maddie continues to review him. His deep brown eyes had that slightly hooded effect. The outer edges creased and arched with a gently recognizable indication that he may be of Middle East or Asian descent. 
So far he seemed different, but fine. The molecules among his auric field remained stable. No physical or emotional warning of that ‘I must have you for mine,’ response she grew to expect from males. Once they came into contact with her, things usually escalated pretty quick. 
Pressing her lips together hard, Maddie tries not to make a grimacing face. He was beginning to become the most fascinating, yet confusing man ever to confront her. Without explanation, he simply seemed to be immune. His posture remained relaxed. Trying to read him was giving her a nostalgic feeling. Taking a slow breath, she uncrosses her arms.In a bold attempt to gain control, she places her hands on her hips. 
“Have you been drinking or using drugs?” She asks.
Will was taken aback by her crass, direct approach to starting a conversation. He gives her a sheepish smirk and lets out a small laugh. His posture stiffens a little as he shifts his weight to one side. 
“Yah, actually.” He seemed in pain to admit. 
“My buddies and I are staying at his brother’s house next door to you.” He uses both hands to motion toward the bright light coming from the large open windows.
“We’ve had a few beers, but nothing too crazy yet.” He flashes her a hopeful smile.
“Would you like to come over and join us?” With a good buzz on, Will hoped he was still using his best manners. She seemed like a classy lady... 
“We’re harmless, I promise.”Maddie looks to the large house with deep, bass sounds coming from the deck, then looks back to Will. She hears the high pitch tone of a girl laughing from inside.
“No.” She looks down at the sand a moment, then looks back up at him. 
“Thank you though.” Maddie pulls her running jacket closer before turning back to the black, glimmering ocean. 
Trying to remain stern and self-controlled was harder when she could distinctively hear how fast her heart was beating. She could feel his eyes on her. ‘Probably waiting for me to say something,’ she thinks. Will didn’t get nervous that easy.And so he chose to linger a moment more. He wasn’t sure she really wanted to be alone.
“So, why did you leave your party?” Maddie breaks the silence. She turns half of her body toward him and motions to the modern, squared beach house he had descended from. Sly and self-assured, Will cocks his head as he walks closer to her.
“I don’t know. I felt like I needed some fresh air.” Will removes his hands from his jacket. In a pleading move he holds them out, open-palmed and offers her a half smile. 
“House full of guys don’t always smell the greatest.” He tried not to slur.
Hoping to see her smile, Will releases a casual laugh.He watches her response. Maddie’s tension wasn’t softening. Will’s instincts were biting him, warning him to walk away. Except they felt forged, like they were not really coming from him. Innocently he sizes her up, wondering how she was making it hard to breathe. 
With a calm expression, Maddie goes over the possibilities in her head. She supposed that it must have been the intoxication that was causing his temporary invulnerability. The part of the brain that’s responsible for emotion is inhibited when there is an over consumption of alcohol, she reminds herself. 
She was beginning to feel her guard lowering. His energy remained persuasive, opportunistic. In the respite of his company, something ignited in her brain, locked memories. Half squinting, Maddie examines him closer. 
A thin sheath of strange, silvery energy encircled him. It appeared to be pressuring his natural magnetic field. To prevent herself from staring, she quickly looks down to read the neon green, odd scripted, band name printed across his black t-shirt. An inaudible, trembling sigh escapes her mouth.
“I didn’t see you down here until I reached the beach,” he half mumbles. This didn’t seem like it was getting anywhere without help, Will decides.
Returning to the wave’s reverie, Maddie tried to forget Will was close by. The tenure in his words was like a vital injection, resuscitating her from the sound of the waves. Too easily the call of the ocean consumed Maddie’s senses these days. She thought it would be safe to test her ability to resist it on a moonless night. 
‘Why can’t I make him go away?’ Her thoughts echoed. Remaining silent, she examines his face again. Undeterred, Will opens his arms and looks halfway at the water. 
“I don’t really like the ocean,” he continues through a slow sigh. 
Stiffening, Will crosses his arms. In a quick motion, Maddie twists her head in his direction. She notices that his energy was beginning to include emissions of purple light. The sympathy he was feeling for her now began to come to her attention. She raises her eyebrows to him. He was occupying her privacy on purpose. 
“I’m actually pretty scared of it.” Will confesses in a meek, lowered tone. 
Her temperament was beginning to convince him to regress. It was a major risk for Will, allowing her to see his vulnerabilities. She seemed like she really needed it though… a means to connect. Now that he had her full attention, he wanted her to see his concern. 
Maddie turns her body to fully face him. She looked as if her mind was at war with itself. Unhappy with any kind of chaotic disruptions, her frown was more from confusion. 
“So am I,” she finally decrees. 
It felt like a lifetime had passed since Maddie allowed herself to express a genuine smile. Will wanted to show her she was safe. He was troubled by how terrified she was beginning to look. He grinned back at her and the moment was broken. 
Maddie tosses her head, attempting to remove the strands of hair from her face. The was tide stirring, the wind was beginning to pick up. The treacherous, beckoning waves form larger caps. Will continues to keep casual, un-intrusive to her space. He checks around her for weapons just in case this was a REALLY bad idea. 
“Why would you stay at a place next to the beach if you were afraid of it?” She demands. 
“Why would you?” he quickly retorts back. Trying not to chuckle, he’s glad she decided to talk.
Startled by Will’s playful boldness, Maddie makes a soft grimacing noise in her throat. Racing through her memories, she tries to recall a time where she may have had a glimpse of precognition about this man. Nothing. She was sure if she calculated the ratio of the years she lived, to the number of dreams she’s had, she’d still never remember all of them.Besides, usually they were only small parts of a larger scene. 
After giving him a cutting stare, she turns her head to watch the growing strength of the waves. Pretending to be unreachable, she tries to comprehend how easy it was for his companionship to encourage her to relax. He appeared no different than anyone else. Will’s eyes frowned watching her tense up again. 
“I love going fishing though.” He proclaims in a peculiar notation. “As long as my feet are still on land.”
She raises her arched, manicured eyebrows in amusement. Will wanted to keep her focused on him and away from whatever was making her sad, even if he was annoying her. It seemed to be working. Her saddened eyes widened. Maddie scrunches her face and turns away from him to conceal her surprise. Oblivious of her reaction, he continues.
“I don’t know what it is about being on a boat...” Will spoke as if he were reading her thoughts.
“But when I’m in the water and the waves are hitting me, it makes me feel like I’m losing control.” Luckily it was too dark for Maddie to see him blushing, he thinks. Will flashes her another sincere smile. With a passive intention, he shrugs while holding his arms out. 
‘I bet he has a bad temper.’ Biting her lip, she broods. 
Turning to him again, Maddie searches Will for some sign of aggression. It wasn’t there. Before she realized it, she felt herself smiling back. The longer she watched him, the happier she wanted to feel. How many years passed since she actually had a conversation with anyone face to face? Perhaps loneliness was starting to dull her vigilant senses. She gives him a half-worried look and returns her attention to the ocean.
Will was not giving up on this girl. She seemed frail, and yet menacing at the same time. Trying to be subtle, he checks to see if she was wearing a wedding ring. None,good.That made him feel less guilty. She had a proud way in which she carried herself, perfectly posturized. 
He considers that might be the result of modeling or acting training. Here in California that could an easy assumption. She sure had the look for it. But something about her made her appear defeated, and he didn’t think it had anything to do with a job. 
“I bet you don’t like airplanes either,” she finally says in a sarcastic pitch. She keeps her eyes on the waves, which were now at a choppy unrest.
“Oh no, I don’t mind airplanes.” Will ponders as he scratches his head. 
“It’s just the ocean I feel this way about for some reason.” He touches his fingers to his hips as he considers deeper.
“I really don’t like the idea of dying at the hands of the sea,” he finalizes. 
Maddie shifts her eyes in his direction, trying to decide if he was joking.
“You can die by airplane too you know.” She reminds him.
“Yah, I know,” he pauses. “But I would think dying from an airplane accident wouldn’t be as gruesome a death as all the possible ways you can die from being in the ocean.” 
Maddie’s sigh was loud as she looks down. Her long blonde bangs fall into her face. They still managed to shimmer even with the absence of light. Watching her with care, Will sees the consequence of his remark. He frowns, causing her more pain was the opposite of what he wanted to achieve. 
Taking in a deep breath he decides to try again. Searching through his half sober mind, Will struggles for a comeback before he loses her half good mood. Meeting an unforgettable girl like this was the last thing he planned tonight.
“Why are you scared of the ocean?’” He teases in a playful manner. Maddie jerks her head up. Her chest heaved. Her eyes were filled with distress.
“I’m afraid of losing control too.” She confesses straight faced. Normally not the type to open up, she scoffs at herself. He wasn’t trying to seduce her. But he wasn’t going away, and that was making her feel a lot worse.
Frantic, Maddie wants to escape. His transcendent energy was becoming like an addiction. The longer she spent with him, the more the calling of the ocean became as quiet as one of those tiny bells that humans like to put on their cats. She was beginning to like it. It made her feel free. 
“I have a medical condition.” Will decides to admit. 
“That’s why I am afraid to lose control.” He adds. Maddie takes a step back from him, wondering on the threat level of this “condition.”
“It’s... sometimes I have seizures.” Will could tell she wanted to leave. 
“I don’t know how much you know about that.” He squinches his eyes, worried he might have said the wrong thing. 
Maddie’s expression converts from stern to sympathetic. Awkwardly kicking the toe of his shoe around, Will explains a few further details about his genetically inherited illness. Blinking as she listens, Maddie cannot withhold her fascination. ‘Medical condition,’ she mulls over.
It seemed to have bearing, though it wasn’t a component she’s considered too much before. Perhaps she’s been overlooking it all along. She gives him a half attentive smile. That had to be it. That must have something to do with his immunity she decides. Maddie made a mental note to look for similar humans to compare this situation to. 
“So, where do you live when you’re not staying here?” Maddie asks with a cool interest while straightening her neck.
“Up north.” Will raises his hand and points beyond the tier of rooftops. “A town called Crescent City.”
“In California?” she asks slowly. Raising her forehead, Maddie blinks doe-like. 
She begins to stare at the water until her eyes become like glass. Her vision begins to unveil a haunting image from another time. At first it was blurred, soundless. Then in a slow-motion production, it starts tuning into focus. Scrunching his face, Will forms a stately but worried look.
“Yah.” His gentle answer is followed by an anxious laugh. 
“California.” Will wasn’t used to being this nervous around women. Wondering if she might be a cop, he thought it best to start choosing his words more careful. 
Still pulled into the trance, Maddie observes the rousing of the swollen waves. The water was attempting to surge to heights of almost eight feet. Like an unexpected explosion, another image appears. Maddie bears a slight frown as she witnesses a decent sized, coastal town being swallowed by water. The deafening roar of the ocean threatened its only warning. Frantic people were screaming and crying as they ran for their lives.
“It was hit by a tsunami.” She remarks, through the listless daze. The distance in her voice made Will a little uneasy.
‘Another one is coming.’ David whispered. Blinking twice, Maddie’s eyes widen.
Shivering, she licks her lips as the vision weakens its hold and disappears. Was this it? The sign she was waiting for. Her eyes dart around the beach. 
“Yah...” Examining her better, Will cocks his head. What’s going on with her?
“You heard about that huh?” He continued while tightening his eyes. 
“It was a long time ago.” He explained. 
“Way before I was born, in the 60’s… really destroyed the place.” 
Rocking his body from side to side in a slow pace, Will remains determined to keep a half smile on his lips. This girl didn’t need any more grim situations in her life.
“The town still hasn’t recovered.” Waiting for her to say something, Will looks down at his feet and kicks the sand around again. 
Maddie starts to reply, when she’s interrupted by the sound of another young man calling out to Will. Appearing to be of the same height, he was standing in the glass doorway, waiting for Will to answer. The husky figure, beer in one hand, waves to them and moves onto the balcony. He has to steady himself on the iron rails before attempting to walk down the steps to the beach. In a flood of panic, Maddie begins to back away and start toward the direction of her home. 
“Hey, don’t worry he’s harmless.” Will attempts to reassure her. 
“I need to go anyway.” Maddie lies.
“Besides,’ she points to the waves. Thick threatening clouds were now rolling in at an unnatural pace. 
“It looks like it’s about to storm.” 
“Yah,” Will’s focus on her was broken off. He looks at the sky. ‘Damn,’ he thinks. He felt like a failure. 
“Well, I hope to see you around sometime.” Taking a step toward her, Will lets out a breath, smiles, and adds:
“And I hope you are feeling better Maddie.” Shifting his position, he turns to leave. 
Blinking too fast, Maddie blurts out before she realizes it. “Would you like to come over for breakfast tomorrow?” 
‘Wait, what just happened?’ She stops to think. ‘Did I really just invite him over?’
Feeling more triumphant, Will grins. He wasn’t sure who was more shocked by the invitation… him, or her? One thing was for sure, he wasn’t going to miss an opportunity to see her again. 
“Yah, I’d like that.” Will pounces on his chance before she changes her mind. 
“But, um… can we make it brunch? … like around 11? Or is that too late?” Will makes a face and twists his mouth. 
“I’m afraid I won’t get a lot of sleep tonight.” He excuses. “Nate’s parties can sometimes last till dawn. I’ll probably end up sleeping in.” 
“No, that’s fine.” Maddie was trying to think of a defense to recant her invitation. A shift in the energy around them occurs, causing her eyes to dart back to the approaching figure. He was now halfway there. Too close, too close. She smiled as if to conclude that this conversation needed to be over. 
“I’ll see you then.” There was no way she was taking her chances with two humans. 
Maddie was already in the process of walking backwards toward her two-story house. Will could sense she was in a hurry to leave because of Nate’s proximity. He puts his hands in his pockets and sighs, making no attempt to stop her. 
“Great, see you then Maddie,” he grins.
“I’ll bring my appetite. Make something heavy ok? I’m a growing boy.” 
Waiting a few minutes longer, Will hopes to see her smile once more before she left. She didn’t. Instead, she nods and swoops in a gracious bowing gesture with a half smirk on her lips.
“Will…” Maddie remarks in a sincerestyle. “It’s been a pleasure.” 
“I actually am kind of feeling better.” Maddie agrees. 
“Thank you.” She clasps her hands in front of her and gives him a nod.
“Good evening.” 
Will places his hand to his chest and makes a low swooping bowing gesture back. She lets out a small laugh as she watches him before turning to quickly go inside. He couldn’t help but notice she had the strangest accent. 
**************************************
Maddie walks through the hallway rubbing her fingers against a large wall, cascaded with a sunset mural. In her carefree daydream, she thinks of Will. She makes her way into the kitchen to pour herself a glass of wine. Walking back into the hall, she moves for the stairs hidden in the wall that lead her to her overly furnished study. 
Dust had been collecting on everything for way too long. The lingering smell of candles and incense she always lit for her human mother and father gave the room a smoky haze. Comfort at last. Ignoring the ensemble of new books she recently ordered, she wanders over to her carved, cherry wood desk. With a slightly happier mood than usual, she sits down at her computer. 



chapter  27 PANES OF REFLECTION


‘Thank god for the internet,’ Maddie rejoices, feeling lighter than usual. Smiling at the screen, she sips her favorited red wine. So many times, this invention they call ‘the web’ would’ve come in handy before. With her hand on her chin, Maddie sighs. She finally notices the new stack books on the floor. Frowning, she looks from the books to the stuffed shelves, volumes of information. Rolling her eyes, Maddie shakes her head. She was beginning to run out of space again. 
Taking a drink from her glass, Maddie starts to type. She finds her music playlist and opens it. As the sound of classical music begins, she gives a thoughtful look at the screen before opening a search engine page.
The intricately programmed AI returns a list of websites for information on East Syndrome. Leaning in to review the list closer, she touches her fingers to her lips. Sighing, her opal brow furrows. Anxiously shifting in her seat, she scans through sites organized with the best information as the rain played its melody on the windows. 
“What’s different about him Cello?” She mumbles to her large aquarium of sea life. 
It was her favorite collection. Some of the animals had been there for many years. Raising her head, she looks at the confused little leather back turtle, swimming in the back corner of the tank trying to escape. After a slow exhale, she walks over to the tank. 
“I guess you weren’t meant to live among people either huh?” Maddie picks up the small turtle to examine the flipper she was mending. 
“I’ll set you free in the morning before William comes over, I promise.” Maddie smiles to the turtle before changing her thoughts.
“Why did I act like that tonight?”
She returns the upset turtle back to the tank. It swims back to the corner, back to trying to get out again. Frowning, Maddie self reflects as she watches the small shark lurking in a patch of large, flat leaves. It remains alone among the various botanical life that was thriving at the bottom of the tank. 
“God,” she prays. “I hope this goes somewhere good.” 
She glances again to the stacks of overflowing books and papers. They were using a lot of the space in the room. Too late to call a maid. ‘Probably should make sure this is locked tomorrow,’ Maddie decides as she chews on her lip. 
It was bad enough he was going to see the smaller bookshelves scattered about in the main part of the house. Mostly books on the arts, business, literature, and similar unsuspecting subjects she chose for looks. They seemed… less odd. Returning to her chair, she looks down at the folder she was reviewing before she went outside. She refused to believe a cure was impossible as one supposed, expert doctor wrote her this week. 
Maddie longed for any kind of scientific breakthrough. Failure was becoming an endless disappointment. With heavy debates and information battles being lost, she was beginning to wonder where else to look. For decades she knew of high security, classified files and was still seeking possibilities for obtaining them. It was frustrating to live this way for so long, without any real assistance. She often wondered how David managed it.
Forty years and no concept of a cure. Working alongside doctors, Maddie did manage to learn how to make topical salves, better healing balms, and various oils to alleviate some of the reactions. They also were successful in creating a potent perfume like cream that was more effective than not for keeping the tenaciously determined away. 
During times when she went to sketch in the park, men enjoyed approaching her. Stopping in mid-step they’d stare, equally vacant, sniffing their noises with a happy but confused expression before walking on. It was better though. She didn’t have to stay inside as much. She was beginning to love being outside. 
Pushing her bangs away, Maddie types to pull up her main bank account. Smiling at her objective’s collectivity, she closes the screen after logging off. Scrunching her face at the monitor, she attempts to calculate how much more she was going to need. There was still no certainty of when the right time was going to occur. Though with the threatening changes in the climate, she felt it was going to be soon. Today’s vision also felt stronger than usual. Already she was making plans to talk to some of the closest neighboring world leaders.
Maddie’s expecting eyes pace around the room as she considers her few contacts before bringing up their accounts. The rain was now barely tickling the windowpanes. Sometime around three am, she looks at the clock. 
‘Perhaps trying to rest will help a little.’ She muses.
‘Maybe this would be a better night.’
 The insomnia was beginning to affect her behavior more than usual during the day. Many of the human medications for it made her ill. Blinking at the clock, the numbers begin to fade in and out of focus. Last night the disturbing, one-lined, reoccurring dream was what compelled her into visiting the beachside. 
The water was always absent of the familiar mid-drift silhouette she was hoping to see. The necessary patron coming to discuss unsettling current events. Now, she was having the dream on a weekly basis. The first occurrence appeared on the exact minute time gave birth to the new millennia.
“We’re not the only ones.” 
Why was David entering her dreams to convey this to her? Was there something he wanted her to know? Did he feel a need for her to search for this more than her other projects? Would it lead to answers? It had to be a lead; she decides as she watches the computer in a blank stare. That explained the reappearances. 
Maddie looked to any subject for help. Reading of many tales, theories and supposed proofs, suggesting information on altered types of multi-dimensional species. As an additional goal, during her international expedition, she added visiting some of the case locations. She deliberately paid attention to those specializing in more peculiar oddities.
One of her greatest disappointments was not making contact with any others living on land by now. If they were alive and out there, they didn’t want her to find them. And as for other mythic beasts and beings, they could’ve died off, or left,exhausted from their own wars with each other. If that was the case, it could increase the difficulty of finding out critical knowledge. 
It was getting harder to find scientists that were not afraid of sharing what they knew. There were a few risky occasions when her pursuits turned into close calls, as she followed secret leads with promises of finding real evidence. Had she been exposed, there was no doubt she’d be left to the fate of becoming another specially coded file, stashed in the guarded underground rooms she was seeking a way to access. 
Thankfully, her investments in genetically modified humans was paying off. More data was slowly being made available to the public. Getting access to more in-depth research was something she’d been waiting for. Scientists were growing bolder; people were taking interest. It wouldn’t be long. Maddie thought it sensible to dismiss what she couldn’t observe as undeniable evidence. Everything needed the best grades in order to transform her DNA.
Maddie squints. The first beams of the morning sun were rising their way out of the sea. She didn’t even want to look at the clock. Pulling herself up from the leather office chair, she makes a frustrated face. The entire wall facing the ocean was made of glass. It was Maddie’s ‘security blanket.’ Her way of keeping an eye on things out there. She walks over to the coat stand and grabs her mahogany robe. 
‘No time for a nap now,’ she grumbles.
Sleeping for her transcended into tossing and turning anyway, called by the voices of people who appeared to be her own kind. From their tones of erratic unrest, something was happening that they were upset about. Unfortunately, their words weren’t able to make it across the divide. Maddie wasn’t worried about getting enough sleep anymore.
Tying her robe, she looks around the room again before heading downstairs. Shrunken heads, eccentrically suggestive Greek pottery, pirate swords, yes, she definitely needed to lock this room. 



chapter  28 A GLIMPSE OF HAPPY


“Wow! You didn’t have to go through so much trouble.”
 Unable to contain his surprise, Will looks around the black, oak dining table. Its large space is practically covered with various platters of foods. He blinks to make sure he’s really seeing this or if it was the meds.
‘This girl can cook.’ He smiles to himself.
Looking around the lemonade and orange painted room, he notices the various renowned artists’ paintings, wistfully positioned, as to deter from the fact that there were too many crammed together. Will couldn’t prevent himself from being interested. She was different, that’s for sure.
‘She seems to really like books.’ Will jokes to himself.
Carved from an enormous tree, an extensively tall bookshelf cornered the side of the kitchen nearest the great paneled windows...Oh wow! His face rouses a surprise as he notices the second to the opposite far corner of his direction. He decides to shrug it off though. It goes with the décor after all.
 Although it seemed to him that someone really took a lot of time to paint it all. Relatively flourishing into interesting spaces of wall, the trees, the plants, and flora, where everywhere. The vines twisting whimsically around the kitchen made it fun to enjoy. It looked like she converted what used to be the deck outside, into a hydroponic greenhouse.
‘Wow!’ He can’t help thinking again. ‘…and not married.’ Though he wasn’t the greatest with math, Will was pretty sure the set up back there wasn’t cheap.
Maddie throws a hasty glance at Will. In a nervous quickness, she sets down the gray china plates and silverware. ‘Is having company over the same as it used to be?’ She wonders as she looks at the plates on the table. The spacious eating area connected the kitchen and the dining rooms with open, half window-like walls. 
She notices him looking around as he sips his coffee. ‘Damn.He’s quite the observer.’ She sets the expensive silverware down loudly, hoping to regain his attention. Looking up she notices him turned toward her, regarding her with a puzzled smile. Satisfied, Maddie smiles back.
“I like to paint when I can find the time,” she points to the décor and describes.
“I’ve been a little busy lately and have been neglecting it.” Maddie keeps her eyes toward the wall. 
‘Did that sound like a suitable excuse a human would make?’ 
She tries not to cringe at the thought of being wrong about something. Being wrong causes more problems. Embarrassed and feeling too unprepared, she gestures towards the banquet of food on the table. Definitely something from every food group. 
“I forgot to ask you what you like to eat.” She spoke softly, and scans around the table again.
Will laughs to himself as he walks towards the bar to pick up a plate. Pancakes, sausage gravy, eggs cooked four different ways. Definitely a feast for a man, he muses. Will bites his lower lip, unable to prevent himself from viewing her below the waist as she passes by him. Maddie timidly pursues with her plate, pursing her lips and trying to smile. His eyes made it hard not to. 
“It’s my turn to take food to a homeless shelter in LA.”
“I’m in a…group.” She gives him an awkward look while reaching for her napkin. Will’s eyes flash and daze a moment, reacting to the harmony that follows her voice when Maddie speaks.
“Where did you learn how to cook so well?”
 Will noticed he interrupted her trying to remember something. It didn’t look happy either. He couldn’t believe he was seeing some of the interesting gourmet dishes that generally takes most people a lot more time to prepare. She wasn’t looking like she slept well either.
“My mother,” she answers. Will wonders if she got her voice from her mother too. Every time she spoke, he couldn’t help feeling like he wanted to come closer to her. 
She seemed to express everything with a respectful but exciting tone. Keeping her eyes lowered, Maddie reaches for some of the strawberry and cream cheese crepes. Something sweet wasn’t always her first choice in a breakfast meal, but she was too nervous to eat anything heavy. Will was amused at the way Maddie always seemed to move so delicately. It reminded him of a ballerina. 
“I was adopted,” she continues, “by an Italian family and she liked to cook.”
That seemed truthful enough. She gives Will one of her charming smiles. Maddie secretly hoped she didn’t look like she was lying. The urge to panic came too easy for her. ‘What if he grows too interested?’ In a coy move, she glances to him.Liking him couldn’t allow him to get away with asking the wrong questions. 
‘Maybe I can get rid of him quickly.’ Continuing to ready her plate, she works on getting a better reading of his energy. Something in the back of her mind stirs. Maddie straightens up and tries not to frown. She couldn’t help but realize that she was beginning to feel sad at the thought of him not being around her. 
“What’s your nationality Will?” 
“Oh, I’m Japanese, American and German.” He quietly replies still adding a few more items to his plate before joining her. 
“My mother was American and my dad Japanese.” Maddie notices his energy is much healthier today. It still had that dark orange, but now there were golden dendrites intermixing within the it. 
“Interesting,” she murmurs. Maddie makes sure to untie and remove her forest colored apron, placing it on a hook next to the side of the bar before she sits down. 
“So, what do you do for a living Maddie, are you a professional artist of some kind? Will asks trying to flatter her. ‘That seemed like a safe question to ask.’ He pondered.
Maddie’s home was like a wonderful, historical museum. Walking in to see the living room remarkably decorated with sculptures of various inspirations was NOT what Will expected. Some looked very old, Victorian and not from around here. There were quirky pieces from the 60’s, as well as many modern gothic fantasy statuaries. Some appeared to be made out of recycled materials, others appeared to be priceless antiques. 
Accepting the compliment, Maddie smiles. That’s definitely one of the things that kept his company tempting. Ignoring his advances, she notices that Will continued to dress like someone in one of those punk rocker bands. She looks down, recoiling as she gets a more attentive view of his knee-high military style boots. Wondering if he owns a skateboard, she lifts her eyebrows questioningly and straightens her face.
“Actually no,” she responds in a crooning tone. Damn, she curses to herself for not keeping her voice under control.
“I started out as a stockbroker… and now I’m venturing into real estate.” She smiles keeping the rest of her face serious. 
“I’ve just… always liked painting so I took a couple of classes at one of those…” she waves her hand like a fan in the air… “online schools.” Keeping her words careful, Maddie tries not to stammer. This situation was quickly becoming terrifying. A man in her house.What the hell was she thinking?
“Do you spend a lot of time here in Manhattan Beach?” The question was as nonchalant as she could make it. Will pretends not to notice how tense she was. 
Maddie doesn’t even realize she’s staring. With obvious scrutiny, she watches him concentrate on cutting his steak. Frustrated, she tries to figure out if some of the visions about him were from his memories, or of things to come. Her considerations jump back and forth. Too much about him was confusing her. She knew it could go wrong, but she wanted him. Maybe in small doses at first to test things out. 
“Yah, we like to come down here in the summers.” He answers through bites of steak and eggs. In a satisfied bliss he wipes his mouth with his napkin and picks up his cup of coffee. 
“I go to film school up north. My mom and I got into a pretty bad car wreck, so I quit my job to help her out. They told her it may take a couple of years for her to completely recover. She broke her back. We were hit by a drunk driver…”
“Oh, I’m sorry that happened to her.” Maddie sits up quickly and acknowledges him as her eyes project her sympathy.
She was still never sure how to react to a human’s personal tragedies. A consequence of never having personal interactions with them. Always fearing she would react too much or not enough, it hadn’t occurred to her how her voice was going to affect them. Trying to seem calm, she forces herself to keep eating. Will tried not to stare at her, but he could tell there was something obviously different about her; besides the accent.
In the sleepless haste of preparing food, Maddie forgot to apply the jasmine scented, skin balm that was for deterring humans. She jokingly called it, Human Repellant. It took years to create an agreeable formula. One that didn’t smell terrible. It wasn’t 100% effective, but it was a good pantomime for masking her natural, unconquerable aroma.
And yet in his presence it didn’t seem to make a difference whether she was wearing it or not. Maddie glances at Will, who still seemed oblivious. Happily involved in his breakfast, he somehow managed to shield himself from her lure. She looks back to her plate before he notices her. 
Will was relieved that Maddie didn’t seem to notice his growing concern for her strange behavior. She didn’t act like she had company too often. She was quiet, and terrible at holding a conversation when she did talk. ‘Some people are just loners,’ he concluded. It was probably nothing, but the sadness she carried around bothered him. As he ate, he tried to think of good ideas for inviting her out.
“Who takes care of your mother when you’re down here on vacation?” The smooth, melodic way in which she spoke could not be ignored. Nor could it be contained.
Maddie plotted, hoping to catch him in a lie so she that had a good reason to send him away. She wasn’t happy about being this interested in him. She was in unknown territory, situations she was unsure of and unprepared for. Once rid of him, she’d be able to breathe again. 
“Her twin sister,” Will replies as he shifts himself in his seat. 
“My Aunt Lorna. She lives a couple of hours from us so, usually they take turns visiting each other. Since my mom isn’t able to travel, my aunt is gonna just come here this year.” 
For the first time since he got there, Will looked at her head on. He suspected she had been avoiding it. Sitting back with a full stomach, he locks eyes with her. She was a pale, pitiful mess, constantly in a state of expression that was reinforced by the confusion in her eyes. 
“So, do you like movies Maddie?” Will asks. He flashes his contagious grin. The tension she was under wasn’t easy for him to cut through.
“Yah.” Maddie is slow to reply. She glances toward his face before realizing… ‘Oh no. He’s going to ask me out!’ Sitting postured in a rigid position, she manages a polite smile before getting up to clean. Will tries not to frown by her response, he wasn’t a quitter.
Maddie quickens her pace to the closet. Opening its door, she begins to fetch several large, plastic food storage containers. Will rubs his hand across his chin as he judges her reaction. Straightening his shirt, he stands up to help with the dishes. 
“I don’t go to them anymore.” she makes sure to add. Setting down the myriad containers, she lightly waves her hand before her face. 
“I don’t really like crowded… closed in spaces,” she excuses.
“I’m not much for dining out either, as you can see.” Maddie motions at the table. She lets out a timid laugh. She was realizing that she didn’t want this guy to think she was rejecting him. Something in her felt like it was changing again. 
“I have a nice theatre system set up in my basement,” she announces.
“What kind of movies do you enjoy Will?” 
Maddie fought to keep the conversation about him. She puts her apron back on and begins to fill the some of the containers. Looking over, she notices how close he was standing to her. The heat emitting from him was exciting, disrupting her resolve to concentrate on being in control. 
“Oh, you know the usual… actions, dramas, horror… I don’t really have a favorite.” He smiles while offering his assistance. She found herself liking the way his forehead crinkled when he was thinking. 
“I’m for watching romantic movies if they are any good.” Will makes it a thoughtful point to include. How he would love to give her a massage, he considers, watching the pompous way she was behaving. 
“How about you Maddie?” 
Hoping the date was going well, Will agreeably takes his plate and follows her. To avoid staring, he lets his eyes wander back to the shelves. Reading some of the titles, he begins to notice it’s full of college textbooks. Will couldn’t prevent his mouth from dropping open as he hears himself talk. There had to be more than a hundred titles there. 
“Did you read all of these?” 
Distracted, Maddie turns to see Will staring at her towering tree bookshelf. Shaking her head, she blinks fast. His quizzical expression was too much, and she questioned whether or not to be honest. 
“Um…most of them.” She replies in a slow rhythm. “I plan to one of these days.” 
Will looked as if he were about drop the plate. Maddie quickly grabs it from him, still trying to understand what was happening here. She proceeds with washing it, along with any other pots and pans left in the sink. 
Will found he was sensitive to her nervous, changing moods. She really didn’t seem like she was used to being around people a lot. Deciding it best to stay calm, he leans against the opening of the kitchen. Arms crossed; he watches with respectful fascination the dancer-like way Maddie moves around. 
‘Damn,’ he laments. ‘Why do I have to leave in a couple of weeks?’ 
He definitely appreciated the way the teal and turquoise, bodice shaped sundress molded to her body. Even with her hair tasseled and tied back, everything about her was inviting. She continued to cascade around the room tidying up the kitchen.	
“Would you like some help with this?” Will gestures toward the platters of food left on the table. Maddie smiles though it looked slightly painful to do so. She wasn’t used to this type of male kindness. She nods and allows Will to help her pack. 
**************************************
“Really? You like silent movies?” Maddie asks with genuine, curious delight. For a moment she amused herself, remembering when some of the original films were first premiered. It was almost an adventure, sneaking out to go to them. 
“Yah,” Will chuckles softly. They were almost finished bagging everything up.
“Well,” he explains in a proud voice. “For me it isn’t about just any movie or type of movie,” Will emphasizes.
“It has to have a good story,” Presenting his best dreamy smile, he gives her a playful wink.
 “Telling a good story is an art form Maddie.”
Something unknown in the atmosphere shifts. The way the sound of her name eloquently rolls off his tongue was giving her a deja vous feeling. She was enjoying their time together more than she imagined. It didn’t seem real anymore, enjoying being with someone else. 
“I’m sure you will do well at your job then Will,” she smiles. 
“I hope so,” he replies while reaching for another container. It was the last bag. He had to think faster. 
“I most definitely take it seriously…” Inhaling, his face takes on a pensive expression.
“I write a lot... Got quite a few good ideas in there I believe.” 
Even with her eyes lowered, Maddie felt when Will was glancing at her. Her energy was lighting up with tiny, bright, tingling sparks. Coyly casting her eyes toward him, she perceives something else. She had been so caught up in his charms that she didn’t see his energy had found an elusive way to encase itself around hers. 
Her next breath threatened to start a panic attack. Trying to make herself taller, she decides she was going to have to make a polite request for him to leave, and soon. Although, even considering telling Will to leave was worrying her. She was dreading not being able to look at him, of his exiting and taking this wonderful, unfamiliar desire with him. It was more than lust, more than companionship. Their hands brush together as they reach into one of the coarse paper bags. Maddie shudders.
Will smiles to himself, standing close to her was exhilarating. Slowly he breathes in, enjoying the scent of her hair. It reminded him of his mother’s garden. There was also a trace of some other scent he wasn’t sure of. It almost smelled like…saltwater. 
“Will, I thank you very much for your help.” Maddie begins… “and I really enjoyed your company today.” She makes her way around the table to usher him toward the front door. This was getting too comfortable. 
“But I’m afraid the time has come for me to get ready to leave.” 
“I had a good time too Maddie.” Will’s eyes turn down as he smiles. He was running out of time to think of something. Her voice kept distracting him. He never seemed to move too fast, and it suited him. That’s what made her at ease. 
“I hope we can hang out again sometime.” Will finally spills out. Half frowning, he gives her a pleading look.
“I’ll be leaving in a couple of weeks though. So, don’t take too long to decide,” he tries to joke. Maddie isn’t able to stop herself from laughing.
“I’d like that,” she states, allowing herself to relax and examine him. 
He wasn’t much taller than her, still he carried himself well. He was confident and not cocky, relaxed and self-assured. She sensed his past was a pleasant one. All of it helped her want to soften up to him. 
‘It would be nice wouldn’t it?’ she started thinking… ‘to have a human friend again.’ 
More than anything, she needed to find a way of running tests on him without him being alarmed. That was going to take some time. It was too important to ignore the differences in his behavior compared to other men. 
Finalizing her need to keep him around, the two exchange phone numbers. Maddie walks him to the door. She felt her energy going dark, anxious... franticly scrambling to cling to Will. Watching this play out, she hoped it wasn’t reflecting in her behavior.
“So, when is a good time to get in touch with you?” Will asks with his best manners. He pauses to the stand in the large doorway. Putting his hands behind him, he gives her a deep brooding stare. 
‘Walking away from this is gonna hurt,’ he sorrows.
“Well I’m home in the evenings.” Amid her nervousness, she manages to smile and send the young man hope. 
“If you want to call, or text me then… it will be fine.” Maddie shakes her head, with an absent glaze upon her. She always felt she was talking too fast. ‘Why is this happening?’ Biting her lip, her brow furrows as she stares back at Will.
Will grins, hoping his anxiousness wasn’t showing too much. He was really curious to find out what made her so different. Sometimes she talked way too slow. For a moment he even entertained the thought that she might be living a double life. It’s possible, that she could be hiding from someone or something. She definitely had a check list of the characteristics that fit the profile. Whatever it was, he didn’t want to miss an opportunity to find out. 
He takes a step back to give her one of his theatrical grand bows. “Well my lady… until then I wish you a good day,’ he chimes.
With her hand on her hip Maddie smiles, appreciating the entertainment. Smiling at himself, Will nods his head and turns to walk down the mosaic designed pathway to the gate. In passing, he admires the elaborate botanical garden she had installed a few years ago. Narrowing her eyes, Maddie watches him before closing the door behind her in a crisp snap. 
Pushing her hair away from her face, Maddie leans against the door. She closes her eyes and listens to her heart’s erratic beating. Sighing, she re-lives what just happened before being able to move. Tensing her face, she questions more about Will’s immunity, about where to look for answers. 
Out of retrograde, Maddie was beginning to believe that the atmosphere was definitely changing, the climate growing more severe; like a brutal, aerial wake up call, dangerously being ignored. And so, it manifested brutal control upon us, ever worse as response. Two problems, both equally important.
Feeling determined, Maddie finishes making plans to take the food to a children’s home, along with a couple of homeless shelters. At that moment all she really wanted to do was sit around and think about Will. And then take a nap. Maddie shakes her head, trying to dismiss him.
 ‘Maybe he won’t call.’ Maddie smirks. That hope was false, and she knew it. 
‘He’s going to call. Her contemplations were filled with dread. 
Well, she thinks, starting to the door of her bedroom, let’s get this over with. 



chapter  29 BODY MODIFICATIONS


Being with Will made the years sneak by Maddie. He even convinced her on more than one occasion to get out of the house, enjoy life outside of her four walls…in public! She appreciated the way he made her feel adventurous again. It was something she missed when she decided to stop traveling. 
During the times he went back home, they spent invaluable evenings on the phone. On a good conversation night, they would stay up until dawn. Maddie was delighted for the chances to absorb him, his personality, his culture. Some of the less useful information was mentally filed away to strategize with later.
It became their happiest evening ritual. Every evening before they went to sleep, he told her fantastical and often tragic fairy tales. Folklores and myths from around the globe. Some she knew, some she didn’t. When he wasn’t able to remember any, Will made up his own.Either way, Maddie was always content listening to him. Although they couldn’t block the nightmares, the way his voice spoke the stories WAS helping her fall asleep. The feeling of safety Will was providing, lead her into thoughts of opening up: to him, to life, to possibility, to everything. Maddie barely considered the consequences anymore. 
Saving the world was no more than whispering ashes from dead ideas,wandering like a ghost in the back of her mind. When Maddie wasn’t entertaining Will, she was obsessing over the data meant to find a cure for her ‘Siren Syndrome’ illness. Through a clever move, Maddie was able to con Will into sending some of his DNA off to an ancestral research site. She had no problem obtaining the copies from her computer. In comparing, she understood why the blocks in his neural network gave him some type of protection. What she hadn’t found was, if there was a way to duplicate it onto others. 
**************************************
The moment Will saw her on the beach he was ready to fall in love with her. That was just part of his nature though, a romantic. Maddie had always been a regular wine drinker. It was becoming an amusing hobby of sorts. Her collection was quite impressive. Many of the older bottles were written in foreign languages. She always carried herself well. However, on this unusual night it was looking like Maddie had a little too much to drink for once.
Unable to withhold his concern, Will’s usual soft, cheery face sags in worry. Watching her down glass after glass, something must have really upset her in order for her to drink this much. She attempts to dance around the living room. Her tangerine orange dress with touches of red creates illusions of lava when she moves. Frowning, Will puts his beer down and sits up from the couch.
“Maddie, are you ok?” He slurs. Will hadn’t really made an effort to keep track of how much he drank either. “You look like you had a little too much tonight.” He emphasizes in a gentle manner. 
Rubbing his hand across his forehead, Will picks himself up off the overstuffed, grey, leather, sofa sectional. He reaches his hand out to her before she knocks over a 17th century porcelain vase. 
“Let me help you to your bed Maddie.”
Will staggers toward her. Imbibed in the song’s magnetic rhythm, Maddie continues to dance. Her mind surrenders to the energy of the music. She twirls around too fast, stumbles, bumping into a huge bust of Persephone. Watching one of her favorite legends fall, Maddie freezes and puts her hands to her mouth. 
“Oh dear, at least it didn’t break.” With her eyes half open, she gazes at the statue and then to Will, giving him a silly grin. 
“I’m fine Will.” Swaying, she manages to make her way back across the room in order to stand in front of him. 
“Thank you for making me this cd. I didn’t know heavy metal music could be so much fun,” she grins.
Maddie closes her eyes and waves her hands in the air in time to the song. Her defenses were long gone, and she was way past caring. She wanted to enjoy this feeling while the moment lasted. Something about Will’s smell was especially more fascinating tonight. 
“I’m glad you like it.” Will expresses a heavy sigh. 
“But I think you need to go lay down Maddie, before you make yourself sick.” He adds while running his hand through his hair. Watching her was making him feel sick. 
Maddie ignores him and continues to harmonize her energy with the music. With a straight face, Will approaches and puts his arm around her shoulder. Pouting, reluctant, Maddieallows Will to help her into the bedroom. He shuffles her across the soft, lavender carpet and lifts her up to settle her on the bed. Resting on its edge in a prim posture, a frisky smile is lighting up her face.
“I really like you Will,” she croons. Closing her eyes, she rubs her hands back and forth across the mattress. 
“We have a good friendship.” She mumbles. Licking her lips, she gives him a wink. Trying to concentrate, Will pulls the blanket back to get her to lie down. Maddie doesn’t want to budge. 
“Would you like to spend the night?” 
Maddie’s lips curl. She takes in a deep breath through her nose. Reaching up, she puts her arms around his neck, pulling his face to hers. Looking into his eyes, she sweeps her fingers across his neck. Will sighs but cannot look away. He felt like something was pulling him from the inside. 
Brushing her other hand across his face, Maddie opens her mouth. She begins to kiss him slow... With glazed eyes and a deviant smirk, she pulls his body with hers once she lies down. Will’s desire responds before he could stop it. Something in her eyes changed. He was certain, but he was prevented from thinking about it now, for some weird reason.On impulse, he grabs the back of her head. Holding her wrist to the pillow, he proceeds to kiss her so hard, that she emits a quivering moan. She reaches for his waste, pulling his hips to hers. 
“No Maddie, wait.” Pushing himself back, Will mutters in her ear. 
“Not like this.” 
Ignoring his plea, Maddie puts her hand under his shirt. She takes care to rub his stomach before moving toward his pants. Will fights to steady his breath. Shaking his head, he moves to put some distance between them. Taking advantage of vulnerable women wasn’t something honorable men do. 
“Oh please Will,” Maddie’s whimpering lips made Will hunger for her even more. She pulls him into her open body again. 
“I want this, I want you now. I’ve wanted this for a while… please.” She wraps one leg around his waist and lifts her hips. Will’s head was beginning to spin. 
“Maddie,” he caresses her hair. Gazing into her glassy sapphire eyes he stalls, trying to think of what to say. She got pretty sensitive when she was drinking.
“I want you too, but not like this.” Will reaches down to kiss her on the forehead before backing further away this time.
“When you’re sober ok? I promise you’ll like it more.” Wishing she was sober, he smiles. 
“I’d like to be closer to sober too.” 
Maddie wasn’t about to take no for an answer. In a playful stab, she sits up and bites his neck. Moving away, she begins to hum as she pulls off the dress, followed by her black lace bra. Will’s face twists, but he doesn’t want to look away. He sighs at the view her beautiful statuesque body. 
“Oh, Maddie.” He whispers through a heavy breath. 
“I hope you still like me tomorrow.”
Ignoring his warning Maddie grabs the front of Will’s black t-shirt and kisses him. With her eyes now fierce, she moves her tongue around in his mouth. Will closes his eyes. Some strange taste coming from her tongue was beginning to inhibit his resistance toward her. Drunk or not, she was going to get what she wanted. As he returns the passion in her kiss with his own, Will reaches to pull down her black panties. 
**************************************
Maddie snaps awake and sits up. Straining her ears, taking slow, shallow breaths, she looks around. There were no dreams… no dreams. This shouldn’t be. There were always dreams before, even if it was just voices in the dark. Biting her lip, she looks over at Will.
He’s still comfortably sleeping beside her after making love all night. His steady, tranquil breathing could have lulled her to lie back down with him. But now her inner alarm was raised. Closing her eyes, she invites her energy to investigate. Something was out of place, changed, something biological. This of course wasn’t the first time she’d been with a man. So it didn’t make sense. 
She notices the burning right away. Looking down at her bare arm with dread, a deep aching rushes to her stomach. Focusing to observe the particles in her magnetic field only draw a mental blank. 
‘This can’t be good.’ Maddie frowns. 
To the left, the large master bathroom adjoins her main bedroom. With a panic attack threatening to make an appearance, she softly hurries to the locked medicine cabinet. The only way to open this one was by her digital thumbprint. 
‘Oh god if he wakes up.’ Maddie worries. Pushing her hair from her face, she finds the item she wants. From the white shelf, she pulls out a jar of her thoroughly researched, self-invented, deep hydrating lotion. 
Setting the bottle down, Maddie notices unfamiliar green sparks of phantom particles from the corner of her eye. She turns toward its source; a pale, naked figure. The vapor was mimicking her in the full mirror over her onyx, stone countertop. She freezes, but it doesn’t stop her from gasping at an audible pitch. After all this time, after leaving so many others unscathed, her mind raced for an answer… she was changing again.
‘No, damnit why!’ Maddie screams inside her head. ‘Is this why the dreams stopped?’
Watching her pupils change, Maddie squeezes her eyes tight before opening them again. They were already dilated to twice their normal size. Rippling sheets of silver sheen, consummate her skin. Ribbons of molecularly charged, dark green molecules take over the color in her eyes. 
Peering and scowling at the returning familiar leviathan in the glass, Maddie tries to wish it away. Trembling, she searches around in the medicine cabinet for something that might reverse the effects. At once she finds herself wincing. Tasting the warm sticky liquid, she touches her tongue to her bottom lip. The place she normally chews on when she was nervous is bleeding. Maddie’s face exchanges its shocked expression for horror. Her eyes turn down. Reluctantly she opens her mouth to reveal those monstrously elongated teeth. A hysterical scourging washes over her face.
‘God no, please. Not him. Not him!’ 
Whenever Maddie was good and frightened, her mind wanted to lock up, to stay trapped in one moment of time, unable to figure a way out. Listening to the sound of her breath, she shakes her head in small, quick gestures. As she relocks her stash of unspoken remedies, Maddie looks around for her black silk robe. Spotting it, she puts it on as fast as she can. Tiptoeing past the gratified form of sleeping Will, she sneaks her way out of the bedroom. Maddie holds her breath as she moves, fearing an inescapable impulse to devour him would come at any minute. 
‘No, this was not going to happen.’
Caught in a turbulent, frantic daze, Maddie searches the living room. Luckily, she always leaves a pink notepad and pen on a small quartz table by the couch. Midway there, her stomach lunges into insatiably urgent hunger pains. The spectral adjustments going on in her version of perception was accelerating. She was beginning to see the geometric patterns of energy again. 
Maddiewatches her own energy with wide eyes. It was like a firework display of eerie, silver and yellow-green light. Coming together, then expanding, then exploding, then starting all over again. She wanted to watch it longer, to be able to study it. The hunger pains that came with it however, were getting worse. She started getting shaky. 
‘Run, just run!’ Her panic shrieks. 
“No.” Maddie answers out loud. She grabs the notebook and starts writing before her stomach cramps again…
‘Will, I’m very sorry, but something urgent has come up and I have to go out of town for a few days. Please don’t take this personally. Last night was one of the best I’ve ever had.” Maddie pauses to consider adding anything else...’ 
‘Thank you for that. I’ll call you soon. Please see yourself out.’
Putting the pen back, she leaves the note on the couch. She wasn’t about to risk going back into the bedroom. Almost biting her lip again, she looks down at her handwriting. A sinking, worry was growing…
‘What was he going to think when he gets up?’ 
‘It doesn’t matter…’ David whispers from the abyss… ‘Get out, his life is more important.’
Flinching, Maddie sways and looks at her arm. The stretching skin was beginning to bulge from her elbow to her wrist. Covered in a bloodless clear slime, piercing its way through were large blue and gold spiked fins. Too horrified to think of the pain, they were morphing fast. Time to get out of there. She would die if Will saw her like this, possibly him too. 
Leaving small droplets of the slime substance on the tile floor, Maddie hurries to the sliding glass doors in the rear of the kitchen. The bellowing ocean sounded as if it were beating them down. In a rush, she hangs her robe on the back of one of the metallic black bar chairs. 
Once opened, the ocean air pummels in. By one mortal breath, it penetrates her. Maddie gasps for oxygen but she was already suffocating. Fighting to breathe, she grabs for her throat. Her face twitches and throbs violently. The sound of sucking and tearing can be heard, while her sinuses flex and burn. Fully formed gills begin to pulse as they come to life, cut open to the spaces on the sides of her nose. 
Pushing herself to move, Maddie is no longer able to hear herself anymore. Her mind was running on primordial brain waves now. She thrusts her body forward and out onto the deck, barely closing the door behind her. Her skin was almost completely silvery blue. She could feel the bones in her feet reacting to the threat of death. Even as her human side fought to protest, the coup in her mind raged and won its feral occupancy, just before everything went blank.



chapter  30 ABOUT LAST NIGHT


“Maddie, are you ok?” 
 Will knocks at Maddie’s bedroom door again, listening for any signs of distress. He knew he heard movement. Three years, and she’s never gone a day without texting, or calling, or emailing him. She knew it was important. It helped to keep him from worrying when he was gone.
“I haven’t heard from you in a week and that’s not like you Maddie?” Will scowls and tightens his lips. “Did I do something wrong?”
‘God!’ Maddie rolls her eyes. She exhales as quiet as she can. ‘I had to give him a key.’
Blinking back tears, Maddie looks at the spectacle of unnatural colors and textures on her body. One of her swollen legs was chained to the bed with just enough slack to allow her to be comfortable. How in the hell could she explain this if he got in? Maddie makes a face before replying.
“No Will.” She states in her calmest voice.
“You didn’t do anything wrong… I’m just...sick, ok?” Licking her lips in a panic, Maddie tries to feel out his mood. She finds herself letting her eyes dart around the room. 
“I broke my phone,” she lies. 
“And I just haven’t felt well enough concern myself with getting it replaced.”
“I’m sorry.” She adds. Scrunching her eyes, Maddie presses her lips together tightly and waits.
Relieved to hear her voice, Will sighs. After going over two weekswithout contact, Will decided to rush back down to Manhattan Beach to check on her. He was beginning to fear that her body might show up in a dumpster somewhere. One couldn’t really ignore the crazed, fixated way men look at her. However, she did warn him that she likes to take random trips to look at new properties.
“Well,” he exhales. “I could make you some soup.” Suggesting with a sweet tone was his answer for getting his way.
“I’ll put on one of our favorite movies and rub your back.” Will rests his head against the door.
It took a long time and a lot of coaxing to get her to open up to him. Maddie was always... “on guard” in a strange way that he longed to understand. This sudden rejection was starting to upset him. Looking down, Will closes his eyes. He places his hand on the smooth wood of the door before reaching towards the knob. 
“Why is the door locked?” He asks trying to turn the bronze handle. Giving it a hard wrench he asks,
“Are you really ok Maddie…really?” 
The clicks of the gears of the door snaps Maddie to attention. She quickly grabs the black comforter, pulling it up to her neck. Will sounded determined to get the door open. Maddie’s mouth trembles as she darts her eyes to check that her shackled leg was covered. There was no way it would end well if he saw her. It crosses her mind that he might try to convince her to seek treatment. Clenching her teeth, she tries not to laugh.
“Yes, Will. I’m really ok.” Ironically, Maddie is surprised at how well she can pretend to be calm.
“I’m just really sick ok…” Maddie adds more ice to her voice.
“I just don’t want any company right now. I’ll contact you when I’m better.” She waves her free hand and the door and scowls.
“I don’t want you to catch it anyway. Please go.” After using her sharp voice, Maddie takes a deep breath and waits.
Closing his eyes, Will leans his back against the door. With his head lowered, his black hoodie half conceals his face. Knowing the sound of deceit in her voice, he frowns. He didn’t want to push her though. That only escalated the problem in the past.
“Maddie…” Will grits his teeth to cover his anger.
“I’ve never seen you sick.” Maddie could hear the confusion in his voice. Will wasn’t backing down this time. She sensed the harsh tones of his anger even as he tried to mask them.
“Do you want me to take…what’s that metallic noise Maddie?” Will jumps back from the door and turns around. 
‘Oh Jesus, please not now!’ She begs to herself. Her legs couldn’t have chosen a worse time to start shaking again.
Maddie hurries to throw the blanket off and unlatch the shackles before her legs go into convulsions again.
‘Gotta get to the bathtub.’
Running her hands through her sweaty hair, she starts to get up. One of the cuffs hits the floor with a hard-slamming thud. Maddie’s mouth gapes open. She looks up from watching it fall, then back to the door. For a moment her face is locked in horror. She lets her eyes race around the bedroom, looking for an excuse.
“Will, please just go. I knocked over a table. Nothing’s broken or injured. This is not that serious. I’ll be ok.”
Maddie stifles her pain as she swings her legs over the bed. Beginning at her toes, her feet and legs begin to vibrate in great waves of tremors. The frequency’s quickening of the jolts awakens the rest of her body to the coming transformation. 
“Maddie, you don’t SOUND okay.” He says as he hits his fist to the door. Wincing, he sighs, focusing on regaining his calm. He’s barely ever raised his voice to her. 
“Maddie, please. If someone tried to hurt you… I don’t know what I’d do to them.” Will’s voice was beginning to shake. 
“I’ve seen the way guys can’t stop staring at you, follow you.” Will’s babbling was only making Maddie more upset.
“Just let me see that you’re okay and I promise… I’ll leave you alone until you call…” Will begs, unaware that he’s crying... 
“…please Maddie…I love you.” 
Maddie felt every painful note in his voice. She hated herself for lying. Every day they were together she lived with the fear of losing him. That eventually she’d unravel, and the lies reveal themselves. She surrenders to her own provoked tears. Clinging to the frame of the bathroom door, Maddie forces to keep her voice steady. 
‘If he knows I’m crying he’ll never leave.’ 
 “Will,” her voice grew hard.
“I am fine,” she scoffs. “Honestly… how can you let your imagination run away like that?” Maddie takes a deep breath and covers her hand with her face. She was too weak to keep putting on this fascia. Her legs weren’t going to wait for her much longer. 
“Please go home Will. I’m starting to think it might be food poisoning.” Perhaps that will convince him.
“I am taking a bath and I will go to the doctor tomorrow.” In that statement, Maddie realizes that she was going to have to step up on finding a way to stop this oceanic disease.
“I’ll call you tomorrow so you know I’m not dead.” She offers with obvious sarcasm. 
Knowing he was defeated, Will allows himself a long, heavy exhale. He reaches up with his hand to wipe his face. He guessed she didn’t sound hurt or being forced to say anything. Something was still off. But for now, he was going to have to force himself to do as she asks. 
“Okay Maddie. I trust you.” Will pauses. “You know that right?” 
He wasn’t actually trying to guilt trip her into opening the door, but if it worked, it was good enough for him. Clenching his hands, Will opens his eyes and stares at the door. He waits, his face overcast, unable to prevent himself from imagining what was going on inside. 
Maddie felt like Will was tearing her apart. Blinded by the door, she still felt the energy of his emotions warring over dominion. His thoughts repeatedly keep looping back to the moment she lied. The nerves in her legs start tingling again, warning her the pain was about to return. 
“I know Will.” Covering her sobs with her hand, Maddie shuts her eyes tight, trying to push everything away. 
She drags her body over to the tub and props herself up on the edge. She had it custom made, carved from an enormous piece of moon quartz. She had all her bathrooms in her homes fashioned and furnished the exact same way. Constructed accordingly to interact with certain geometrical and alchemical principals. Frowning, Maddie reaches for the faucet. ‘What if he finds the other lies?’ 
“I love you too,” she sighs. “I want you to know that.” 
Maddie was turning on the water when the seizures violently erupt again. The burning is getting closer to the surface of her legs now. She prays Will couldn’t hear well enough what was going on from that far away. Steadying herself, she breathes through the pain. But she was losing focus. It was time to wrap up this visit.
“I promise…” she asserts, straightening her back. 
“Everything will be ok. You can trust me Will.” 
Underneath, she was still trying to understand how this could have happened. Pushing her hair from her face, Maddie looks up toward the bedroom. She puts on her best iron expression.
“Goodnight Will.” She states in a sulfurous voice. 
As quick as she can, Maddie stands up and reaches out to close the bathroom door to confirm she wanted him to leave. The joints in her feet and legs begin to calcify, adjusting their form. The burning intensifies. Thick fleshy quarter sized blisters rise up on Maddie’s legs, forcing out a small painful cry. The welts were multiplying fast, surfacing and hardening into shiny opalescent indigo scales. Once they started covering her midriff, Maddie always passes out. 
Refusing to cry Will absently stares at the celling for a while. He was half-way to convincing himself of sleeping on the couch. After all this time, Maddie still didn’t seem to notice he was more observant than he let on. He couldn’t ignore feeling that something else was going on behind his back.
Shoulders slumped, Will trudges through what he jokingly named ‘the hall of abstract portraits.’ A few years ago, Maddie started using fastidious, off the wall methods for organizing her paintings. Returning to the living room, Will decrees that it won’t be disrespecting Maddie’s request by sitting on the couch for a few hours. 
It was the only way his mind was going to be at ease. Will takes his hands out of the loose pockets in his hoodie and listens to see if he can hear any other sounds of distress coming from Maddie’s bedroom. Thankfully, there wasn’t.
Walking over to the front door Will opens it, and then closes it loudly to signify his leaving. He takes his shoes off by the door before going back to the couch. There was no way he was going leave her while something didn’t feel right. Picking his feet up, he rests his head on the vibrant green throw pillow. 
‘Laying here for a little while won’t hurt,’ he thinks. Surely Maddie would understand how much he cared and just wanted to make sure she didn’t need him. With anunsteady sigh he closes his eyes, positioning his head toward the hall. 
Maddie listens a few minutes until she hears the front door latch close. She hurls her malfunctioning, crippled legs into the bathtub. A shiny clear, protective substance, coats and solidifies on each scale. The skin beneath them stretches, expands, and threads to itself. The bonding connects to a full network of scales, and hardened skin, until a complete skin cocoon encloses the lower half of her body. She was nearly ready to pass out when the bones began conjoining. 



chapter  31 WTF


“Maddie… what the hell happened the other day...”
Will was hesitant to ask. He had to clear up the confusion though or continue living with his frustration. As anxious as he was to be close to her, Maddie didn’t seem to want it anymore. And that’s what usually happens when one lover starts cheating on the other. 
They sat apart on the couch, sullen and silent. Will staring uncomfortably at his feet, Maddie blankly stares down the hall. Will looks to his hands, clinches them, and shuffles his feet before getting the courage to look at her again. Pretending wasn’t easy for him. He wonders if she could tell what her lies did to change him. If that wasn’t bad enough, he couldn’t stop staring. The pigment in her skin wasn’t its normal color. It had a distinct tint of blue. Will wasn’t the book smart type. He couldn’t even fathom what type of illness causes such a reaction. 
“Are you going to be okay?” Will’s deep worried eyes sank behind his tousled blond hair as it droops into his face. The lack of sleep was evident. He manages to focus on just looking at her eyes.
Maddie was smart enough to be one step ahead, preparing for questions Will might have when her skin didn’t return to its normal, human shade. She had to do some serious researching to find an agreeable illness, one that could also tie into any other odd behavior she may have had. So far Will seemed to be going along with the excuses. Perhaps she could protect him and still keep him close. With a trembling exhale, she begins her lie. 
“It’s not as bad as it looks Will.” She tries to joke.
“I’ve been trying to find my parents. We talked about me looking for them before remember?” Maddie looks him straight in the eyes. Wrinkling her brow, she forces a smile. 
“So…” her voice bounces, “...I’ve been doing some searching over the winter. It turns out they came here from a place near Florence… in Italy.”
“I went there to try to find some of their…” She nonchalantly shrugs... “our relatives.” She wasn’t happy seeing the speculation in his face. She continued anyway. 
“Apparently someone on the flight had a really bad case of the flu. This…,” She gestures to her bare forearm with indifference.
“…just happened to show up by coincidence while I was gone.”Maddie tries to laugh it off. Narrowing his eyes, Will regards where she’s pointing. Before he could grow too skeptical, she continues. 
“My doctor says it’s a rare form of genetic blood disorder that I inherited... She isn’t quite sure why it’s been dormant for so long.” Maddie examines him to see if he is buying it. 
“She says it’s not impossible,” Maddie concludes. 
Aside from her skin, and the fatigue, everything else already returned to normal. Straightening herself, Maddie forces a reassuring smile. In truth, she was grateful she was able to change back at all. After passing out, she spent the first three nights mentally lost, unable to recognize her own consciousness. Solely instinctive, animalistic, she primally gorged on oceanic life. At least, she hoped. With her mind void of the memory, how was she to tell? The most prominent memory of the experience she had was being unable to recognize anything, then, returning home only when her body was thoroughly burned out. 
“I know… it’s kind of funny how it seemed to happen at the same time,” she adds with a nervous air in her throat. 
Saying nothing, Will interrupts her premeditated explanation by simply creasing his forehead. Maintaining his intense stare, Maddie stops speaking and closes her mouth. His eyes felt like they were making her cheeks burn.
‘He’s angry at me.’ The pigments of colors throughout his energy were gettingoverexcited.
Maddie felt a lump welling up in her throat. ‘He’s not buying my story… great.’ She licks her lips and breaks eye contact. Drawing her knees up to her stomach, she hunches over and pulls her robe closed. For good measure, she coughs to clear her throat. 
“I was afraid to let you see me like this Will.”She explains in a small voice. 
“I knew you’d think something was horribly wrong with me...” In a shy move, Maddie bites her lip before continuing. 
“And…well...you know.” Hesitating, she cuts her eyes at him in that coy way she does when she likes something but didn’t want to admit it. 
“The night before really was wonderful.” There was a sincere indication in her statement that gave Will a moment of relief. 
“I just got a little too excited when I heard from the guy, I hired to look for my parents.” Observing him, Maddie proceeds with caution. Listening with a hopeful patience, Will let his eyes move over her. His lips were pressed tight, exuding the weight of his tension. 
“Maddie, you’ve known me for a long time.” As he replies, Will leans back into the couch. Contemplating, he holds his fingers to his mouth. 
“How could you think I wouldn’t understand?” Will’s face told the story of his disappointment.
With her heart as downcast as her eyes, Maddie silently continues to look to her knees.frustrated, Will rubs his forehead while closing his eyes. Ignoring his intuition wasn’t going to last forever. Perhaps he considered, she just needed more time to learn to trust him. It took her over a year to even mention the abuse.
“I don’t know Will.” She answers at last, thinking it best to say little at this point. 
Will wasn’t easy to calm once he was good and angry. Luckily, hispatienceprevented him from getting angry that much. Maddie refused to blame their intercourse for activating the killer in her body. She looks up at his confused, agonized expression. She wasn’t about to let that monster take him away. This… aggressive attachment to him was rooted too deep now. She was spending less and less time on the mission she agreed to with David, and more on finding a permanent cure for her mermaid disease. 
“I’m really sorry Will,” she murmurs. Moving over to him, she rubs his shoulder and rests her head on his neck. 
“I never want to hurt you.” Protecting her hidden agenda, she manipulates the tones and frequencies in her words. 
Watching her hand, Will starts to relax. His breathing returns to a calm, steady rhythm. It was working. He gives her a smile and a kiss on the head as he pulls her closer. Their bodies mold into each other. He reaches out to pet her hair.
 ‘It’s over,’ Maddie thinks. Satisfied with herself she closes her eyes and enjoys absorbing his energy. ‘he’s going to stay.’ 
“Now will you let me take care of you like you should be taken care of Maddie?” 
The happy thought makes Maddie smile. The thought of the energy he gave her remaining forever, made her smile even wider. Isn’t that what she’s always dreamed of? It was going to take more time, a lot more researching and a no-holds barred aggressivity on the finances, but eventually they will be happy together.
“You can take care of me Will.” She relents without a fight. No way she was going to let her guilt ruin this. 
“But you can’t stay here 24/7.”
 Maddie’s mind feels best when she’s pulling him closer. The attachment of the possession best felt. She had almost forgotten about the problem she was facing with eating his flesh. Dreading it, she returns to the issue. 
“Not yet anyway...” Beginning to frown, she contemplates the arrangements she’ll have to plan. 
“Just give me more time to get a grip on this… illness,” she forces herself to say. Keeping her arms wrapped around him, all she wanted to think about was keeping him there. Keeping this moment…forever.
Will gently adjusts her grip. Pulling back, he searches into her face, trying to discover what was making her like this, like someone else. Her behavior was changing. He could feel that something was frightening her. He only hoped she’d open up about it when she was ready. 
Maddie keeps her eyes focused at his face. She was too exhausted to do anything right. Her senses were still feeling dull from the trauma her body just went through. Will’s energy seemed mostly okay.A few specks of gray could mean anything really. Neither of them detected her dark purple auric field quickly surrounding Will’s, starving and hungering to replenish itself.
Losing consciousness during her transformation made it hard for Maddie to convince herself that it wasn’t just a bad dream. Besides, there was way too much evidence. Disgusted by the foul samples her body left behind, Maddie picked up a bag containing one of the smaller bloody scales. Guessing, she believed she must have had moments of awareness… enough to think about collecting a few things. 
Nevertheless, all this new information was now going to start a whole new process. One Maddie was probably going to want some discrepancy for… She knew she couldn’t have him with her all the time until she eliminated this dreadful obstruction from her body. Not wanting to fight the obsession, she bites her lip and pushes her face into him closer. Nothing was more imperative to her now than him. 
“No rush Maddie.” 
 Will was getting sleepy at a fast pace. The orange hues in his aura were becoming duller. Necessitated into a kinetic dependency, Maddie’s energy source was now fully sustaining and rebuilding hers from Will’s.
“I just hope you reallyknow I will never hurt you…like he did.” Will freezes, he didn’t mean to blurt that out. 
Maddie shivers wondering how they ever got into the conversation of her ex-husband. The image of his body crumpling when the gunshot wound took his life flashes before her. Trying to hide her reaction, she quickly buries her face again. Will curses himself and stiffens his back. She sits up and looks at his face, a silent warning to not continue the subject. 
“I know.” Maddie tries to speak as honest as she can.
With their heads resting against one another, they hold each other in silence. Fighting his fatigue, Will plots possibilities of how to get her to uncover her the motive to her deceit.
‘Maybe it’s time to do some detailed investigating around here when the moments arise,’ he decides. 
After a heavy sigh, he gives in to the warm feeling of her body again. As if she could hear his thoughts, Maddie trembles beneath him. Without moving, Will casts his eyes down at her. No way she could tell what he was thinking. 
“How about that soup now?” He suggests in the process of pushing her unwashed hair across her ear. Maddie looks up at him curiously. He cocks his head and gives her an amused smile.
“Soup sounds wonderful,” she daydreams.
“But only if it doesn’t come from a can,” Maddie smirks. 
“I think it would be good to start being more health conscious.” In a serious expression Maddie darts her eyes, searching for the right words.
“This occurrence has been kind of an awakening,” she concludes with a solemn face.
“And a movie,” Will retorts with his face lighting up. This situation definitely needed a lighter change in mood. He determines. 
“You can take a nice nap while I’m preparing everything.” Will announces. Standing up, he reaches for her hand. 
“You look pretty tired baby.” 
Screaming through her eyes, Maddie wants to melt into the couch. She fights back the tears. Sometimes his devotion seemed so unreal. Willingly submissive to his lead, she takes his hand and complies. It was nice not having to be in charge all the time. She may get used to being able to trust someone.
“I promise I won’t burn anything,” he playfully remarks. 
“You know I can cook… and I clean up after myself too? How lucky are you?” He beams as he leads her to the bedroom. 
Maddie laughs. Before allowing Will to help her into bed, she stares into his eyes. Running her fingers through his curls,she kisses him with gratitude. Will pulls the stark, white Egyptian sheets over her. She lies down, acquiring a comfortable position. A delicate smile surfaces through her sunken, sleeplessappearance. Will bends down to observing her in that moment. He pushes her hair aside to kiss her forehead. 
“Sleep well Maddie,” he remarks before turning to head to the kitchen. 



chapter  32 CLIMATE CHANGE


It took more time than she wanted, but Maddie’s skin eventually returned to an improved, humanistic hue. Will kept his word. Spending all of his excess time with her, his friends and family saw him less and less. Firing what was left of her assistants, Maddie created herself into becoming even more dependent on him.
 Maddie’s obsession was devouring her without her becoming aware. There was no way of stopping what she could not see. She insisted Will start keeping a good number of personal belongings in the bedroom beside hers. Officially, he was still not allowed to move in. On the downside, having him around meant Will wasn’t allowing her to work as much. 
His desire for her at times was a nuisance. Ignoring its repercussions, for several nights she coerced him into drinking something laced with a tasteless sedative. There were more new DNA studies, and cases emerging. They always seem to be kept hidden, which took more time to research and discover. Enlisting code words for special projects, one had to know how to manipulate the algorithms in the search engines. 
Ever respectful, when she closed the door to her office, Will kept his distance. In her profession, she was able to work from anywhere she wished. There was no actual need to lock herself in her study. Will took this as a sign that she needed some space. 
Some days he was grateful for it. He was hoping to have opportunities to investigate her better. Somehow through the years, she always seemed to distract him from it. It was peculiar how she obsessed over science journals. Especially since her profession was in real estate. Maddie was clever to allege that she was interested in the stock on certain science projects. She did like to read a lot… that wasunmistakable. 
David was quiet, as if he never existed at all. For a time, Maddie thought her apocalyptic nightmares were muffled. Her usual guilt and need for repentance were nowhere to be found. She was abandoning her concern with the affairs of planetary issues. 
It was possible, and it was her hope, that her body was learning to create new biochemical compounds, changing both the neuro-decisions of her brain and the urges associated with her illness. That was a good start. She remembered everything she learned about the power of sound frequencies andmanipulating their pitch. It was taking more time than she liked however, to compose better ways of testing it. 
‘Will is going back to his mom’s in a week!’
A surprising impulse to turn possessively jealous warns Maddie of its looming control. She fights to ignore it; the nagging, panicky, threats of ideas. Instead, she concentrates on what she can get done while he’s away. She needed to practice reclaiming the full power of her abilities. That was the only way to beat the disease. She couldn’t chance anyone giving him ideas of leaving her. And she hated surprises.
‘Besides,’ she is arrogant to remind herself. ‘It wasn’t like she couldn’t just get in her car any time she chose and drive up there.’
Preparing her freshly jotted notes with future plans on her long term to do list, Maddie hears Will knocking on the door. Broken in mid thought, she quickly flips the ledger over. She glances at the large computer to make sure nothing suspicious is on the screen. Only some random page on ancient history… good.
“Come in,” she welcomes with her brassy voice.
Will manages to open the door balancing a silver tray with two large black mugs placed on it. Both were piled high with whipped cream. The ends of his long bangs were still wet from the rain. He looked winded from the errand run. Will wasn’t much of a people person either. 
“I made hot cocoa.” Not hiding his spirited pride Will announces while jutting his chin.
The way his boyish smile made her relax a little never stopped pleasing her. Maddie smiles back as she lets her eyes admire the way the rain has transformed the clothes on his body. Raising her eyebrows, she makes it apparent that she’s looking at him more than the cocoa. Cutting him a catty expression, Maddie slides a hand through her bangs and gestures to one side of the desk. She gives the polished wood a light pat. 
Despite the rain forcing a long day into a long, wet night, Will is in a cheerful mood. He approaches and sets the tray down. Giving her a brief glance, he pulls up the twin of the maroon, vinyl captain’s chair. Will reaches over. He picks up a cup and offers it to her. Dawning a peaceable smile, Maddie graciously thanks him. 
“I figured you were getting close to being done by now,” he implies. His eyes and cheeks were becoming affected by the lack of sleep she was causing him.
Without turning her head, Maddie glances toward the bulky grandfather clock. Made by an American artist, it was an impressive replica of Big Ben, carved to precision. Its massive presentation towered over the two bookshelves it was crammed between. When she first bought it, she saw images, memories ingrained into its molecules… like carbon fingerprints. 
She assumed they were from its original proprietor. The clock was over a hundred years old. Many of the pieces of art and furniture she acquired were chosen because of the distinct emotional imprint left upon them. The majority were from the memories of children. The others were derived from moments in history she felt a connection to. 
‘Wow, ten already?’ Maddie sits up and turns the chair.
“Will,” She picks up her cup to examines its contents before drinking. He could see her mind contemplating something serious.
“Why do you think we have wars?” Maddie tries to make the question sound as casual as she can. Raising his eyebrows while drinking from his cup, Will looks at her while trying not to snort. 
“Because people don’t know how to get along with each other,” he kids. Shifting in his seat, he offers her a good-humored smile. 
Turning her chair to face him, Maddie’s response is a grave expression. These types of conversations always brought on his nervous, joking side. It was his way of coping with Maddie’s level of seriousness. He knew that even if he began now, studied for a lifetime, he’d never be on Maddie’s level. Seeing that she wasn’t going to let him get away with joking this time, Will tries to give the debate some actual thought.
“I don’t really know Maddie,” he pauses to re-center himself. 
“Probably more than one reason.” Rubbing his chin as he thinks, Will looks at the decorative, ivy etching on the side of her desk. 
“Do you mean ‘we’ as in our country?” Will tries not to look too confused. 
“No.” Maddie sits up in her seat and puts the mug back.
“I mean WE as in EVERY country,” she explains. 
“So, you’ve switched from science to history these days Maddie?” Will toys. He pushes his hair from his eyes. He really didn’t like this conversation and wished it would go away. “What interesting telling tales have you been reading tonight?” Maddie shoots him an annoyed glare. 
Will can’t help the innocent smile that appears on his face. He leans in closer to get a better look at her computer screen. It wasn’t the usual obsession with science journals he is relieved to discover. Something about her fixation with biology was creepy. He thought it exciting that she was such a bookworm though. There was always an interesting, and wide array of things to talk about. Conversation never got dull around Maddie’s complicated brain. 
In a contemptable miasma, Maddie catches herself watching the way Will’s body moved beneath his clothes. Probably brought on by fatigue, his usual warm, orange energy was now a golden brown. Aside from occasional red energy specks, the conversation was furnishing his serenity. Yet with her mind getting caught in between thoughts of erotica, and thoughts of philosophy, sometimes trying to talk to him left her disappointed. 
“It just never ceases to amaze me,” she responds in a slow expression… 
“How has it, that since the beginning of mankind, war has continued?”
There was an esoteric essence in the way Maddie makes each syllable stand out in the words, enunciating each with abrupt, sharp-toned punctuation. In her eyes she was imagining it, the tireless battles and grabs for land she has read about in her lifetime. Eighty years, more than many humans these days. Uncomfortable with the intensity in her face Maddie looks away. Her eyes catch the large framed antique map of 1775 Europe on the wall. 
“You’d think people would have found a solution to prevent them by now.” She states in a crass voice.
Maddie lets her eyes stare beyond the wall. Her golden, angled eyebrows twitch as they do when she’s deep in thought. Now more somber, Will watches her face. Maddie was never the type to entertain simple solutions or naïve integrations. This wasn’t new. She’d been thinking this over awhile.
“That’s a wonderful hope Maddie but…” Will gives her a patient smile before looking to the floor. He folds his hands in his lap, sits back, and looks up at her. 
“…I really don’t think there IS a solution, because I don’t think all wars happen for the same reason.” Will’s brow furrows, he knew he sounded like a grade-school teacher. He was certain she’d understand what he meant though. 
Occupied with her deliberations, Maddie nods her head in agreement. His words held substance, that was abundantly clear. She’d studied some of the various incidents which ignited war in the past. Beliefs challenging beliefs, an undefinable repeating pattern of slavery, eons of generations of old grudges, and bad blood.
Remaining silent, Maddie curls her manicured finger to her lips. Her distant eyes move around the room from object to object, revealing to Will that she was deciding something. Squinting his face, he sometimes wondered how much Maddie really noticed when he was in the room. Feeling left out, he looks down to answer a message from his mom. 
“Do you think if the world leaders were offered… the right amount of money…” 
Holding back a frustrated glare, Maddie chose to speak slowly again. In certain times, it was important to think over every word. She sensed she was losing his attention. Snapping her head forward, she looks him in the eye. Will jerks his head back up and looks at her with a puzzled frown.
“…They would agree to destroy their weapons, and agree to only solve their issues through communication instead?” Her face transfigures from serious to innocent.
Will’s expression changes from romantic and whimsical, to alarmed surprise. Blinking doe-eyed, Maddie shrugs and throws her hands in the air. Unsure if she’s joking, Will regards her a moment. ‘And most guys only gotta worry about other men…’ he despairs to himself. 
“You seriously thinking about doing something like that Maddie?” He asks while raising an eyebrow to her. 
“Oh, I don’t know…” Maddie ponders. Perhaps it was time for Will to know something of her future plans.
“…maybe...if I knew it might have a real chance of working.” Unable to meet his confused gaze, Maddie sits back. Modestly crossing her legs, she removes her hair from her shoulder. 
Shaking his head, Will crooks his mouth. Perplexed and unsure how to make her understand, he says nothing. She was serious. Breathing deep he rubs his eyes, trying not to burn out at the complexity of solving a global issue like this. Mulling over her intentions, he shifts his eyes back to the computer screen.
“I know it seems kind of crazy, right?” She satires while picking up her drink. With a slow sigh, Will slumps forward and rubs the back of his neck. 
“I just think it’s a very complex idea,” he explains. He crinkles his eyes as he takes a breath. 
“It could be a dangerous plan to carry out Baby,” he says. Looking at the way shewas sitting there with a focused determination he had not seen before disturbed Will for some reason. 
His concern was definite, Maddie noted. Maybe he just needed time to warm up to the plan. After all, her brain processed at least three times faster than his; giving her the method to foresee a solution easier. And these plaguing, new dreams weren’t going away. Time to start caring about the world again… before the world found a way to take him from her. 
“You know there are...theories out there.” Will broke into her thoughts.
“That some organizations of the world want to continue making wars Maddie. They profit from it you know.” It was his turn to be taken seriously.
“They might not be too happy about your proposal,” he included. This was something he actually did know a thing or two about. Wrinkling her nose with a contrary smile, Maddie shakes her head. 
“Yes, I’ve heard of many a good conspiracy theory Will.” She presents a genuinelaugh. 
“But I’ve never found enough irrefutable evidence that any of them are right.” She gets up from her chair and moves to a section of books and points to the titles. There was a large, thick, paper-filled black binder sticking halfway out as well. 
“That was years ago. And now, documents are so easily frauded on the internet.” In a haughty sweep of a gesture, she gives him a defeated shrug. A mask of incredulous disbelief freezes on Will’s face. He stares at the large collection. 
‘She said years,’ he daunts.
“Sometimes it’s hard to tell what the truth is anymore. The world seems to be...ramping up Will.” Maddie searches for the right words.
“It feels like…things are becoming more intense, and at a faster pace.” She wrinkles her brow again as she frowns. Hopefully that made some sense.Listening to her, Will nods. 
“You mean like climate change Maddie?” 
Maddie can only smile at his efforts to keep up. She walks back to him. Will admired her concern for big issues, but he was going to keep her safe. With a straight face, Maddie bends down and kisses the top of his hat. 
“Yes Will, like climate change.” Standing straight again, Maddie’s eyes widen as she raises her eyebrows.
“Only ten times more intense.”



chapter  33 HOT AND HEAVY


Being forced separate herself from Will for over a week became a constant thing for Maddie. Much to her devastation, the horrendous shape-shifting incident was not going away. With enough clever research, she contrives the excuse that her doctor recommends a little-known, isolated treatment center out of the United States. Her lie was that her body simply could not produce enough blood anymore, and no American doctor knew how to treat it.
To keep it safe, she questioned several of the best and they really didn’t have much information about the actual disease yet. Unable to avoid an argument, Maddie informs Will that the best recommendation she received was from a specialist of rare diseases, who listed her with the information to a fairly, new spa-clinic in Switzerland. Some of their components were in the early stages of testing, but it was still the best choice out there. 
, but Maddie’s firmness about its conclusion was. It lasted one year. He was full of too many questions. By the next summer, he was fed up with her refusals to allow him to contact her.Pulling up in her metallic blue Tesla, she can see the frustration in his pouting, arms-crossed, slouch.
Reaching the corner, Maddie gasps. The clinging shroud of gray over him had a fierce hold upon his aura. Quickly she probes his mind. Will was planning to confront her in person. His decisions weren’t solidified yet. She starts to breathe faster. Someone was encouraging him, speaking ill against her. 
Without a glance Will strolls over to the car. Maddie’s illogical suspicions were turning erratic. Pushing the button for the trunk, she watches him. His sullen face looked like it was carved into a stone, tense frown. 
Maddie bites her lip, the parabola in her mind only growing worse. Panicking, she tries to come up with a way to change his mood before he gets in and gets the courage to say something. She jumps at the sound of the trunk being slammed too hard. Will opens the passenger door. Maddie hurries to switch moods. She puts on a happy grin and kisses him on the cheek as he shuts the door.
“I’m so glad you’re finally here Will.” She lightlyremarks while making some adjustments on the car’s computer, integrated tablet. Maddie amplifies her sound persuasion skills. 
“I was afraid you wouldn’t make it here in time to go to the concert tonight.” Caught off guard, Will raises his eyebrows. Letting his mouth drop open, he blinks in a dumbfounded stupor.
“What concert Maddie?” Will frowns. 
“I don’t recall you bringing one up before.”
“That’s because I just heard about it silly.” She gives him a playful tap on theshoulder. 
“It’s a symphony actually,” she taunts. 
Proceeding to enter the chaos that comes with airport traffic, Maddie turns her attention back to the steering wheel. Self-driving or not, safety was everybody’s responsibility. 
“I haven’t been out for entertainment in a while.” 
Maddie watches the traffic for another moment. Turning to Will, she puts on her best, sweet face. Will was not allowed to stay at her place while she was away. She feared he might decide to learn a new skill, perhaps crack into her computer files while she was gone. To make up for it, she made sure be as serving as possible for the first few days he was back. 
“I thought it would be nice.” 
 Pretending to pout, she taps on the steering wheel. Sipping his coffee, Will watches her from one eye. Always one step ahead of him, Maddie knew how to keep things locked up. After five years, it made him wonder if it was because of him, or just her nature. 
Forcing himself to hide his resentment was making him moody. The additive of her keeping these treatments undisclosed and without communication, only added fuel to the fire. There was no possible legitimate reason she shouldn’t be allowed to at least send an email. 
‘What could be worse than cheating that she would take the lies to this extreme for…’ The question wouldn’t stop playing over in his head. 
“Did you have interviews for a new assistant today Maddie?” 
Looking her up and down, Will’s face scrunches once he fully observes the stylish indigo and black business attire she had on. The tight, coal black pencil skirt had ridden up on her thigh. Will finds himself being drawn away from his vexations. He licks his lips and looks away.
“Don’t get your hopes up.” She risks a glance at him. “None of them passed.” Will chuckles under his breath at her comment. 
Past plans of the confrontation dissolve and are replaced by his smile. ‘It was probably not good car conversation anyway,’ he decides. Laughing to himself, Will’s thoughts turn to imagining what kind of painstaking interrogation she gave those poor girls. Maddie feels the break in the tension. She lets out a quiet sigh.
“So, are you up for going out tonight? She asks adding perkiness to her tone. The gray thing was still there but was beginning to lighten up. Maddie stays determined to keep his mind distracted. 
“We can just stop by the house, shower together…” she winks.
Being voice conscious always gave her the advantage. Though she forever denied it, Maddie was letting the predator slip out. Licking her red lips, Maddie ensures her suggestion is carried by an unavoidable, seductive, frequency. Will stares at her mouth and smiles. His physiological energy field allows hers to cloak onto him. Satisfied, Maddie beams and tosses her hair. Seems easier than she thought.
“We can even go out to dinner tonight.” She asserts. The car automatically knows to changes lanes. It makes its way toward exiting the interstate. 
“Yah,” he draws the word out with a sigh. Why was it too easy to give in to her sweetness?
“We can go out tonight.” Straightening his back, he nods. 
“But I get to choose where we eat so there can be equal contribution to this… date.” Amused with himself, he smirks. Maddie returns his wiles with a swaggering grin as they pull into the driveway.
“Deal,” she agrees as she shuts off the engine. 
Before he has the chance to move Maddie reaches over to give him a long kiss. Mid way through, Will wraps his arm around her neck. The sweet stickiness seeping from her warm tongue makes him forget all his frustrations with her, at least temporarily. Maddie could feel he was ready to enter her. She checks her pocket again for the medication she composed over her last absence. 
******************
“Yah, I guess it’s possible aliens might have visited this planet in ancient history.” They sat at the longer side of the wooden bar waiting for their food. Will sips his cold glass of dark beer. 
The small Irish restaurant wasn’t financially successful enough to acquire much of an interior to look at. It was sparsely garnished with traditional Irish, and Celtic décor. The upbeat, traditional music seemed to enrich the ambience of the place. It was the type of establishment where the general population of its patrons were more regulars than strangers. Knowing enough regulars that he was practically be considered one… that’s what made it Will’s favorite place to eat.
Maddie’s smiles to Will as a show of courtesy. Raising her eyebrows to him, she continues in thought, going over newly recorded information. The timing of when the dreams and voices began again had to have meaning. It was not long ago, sometime during her last body siege. As the mermaid left her, and she fell into the need for deep sleep. David came back, bringing with him forerunning images of unchangeable destruction. 
Though she often used it as a comparison, Maddie didn't contribute a lot of focus, nor credit to the Para-sciences. The leads never turned out to be stable enough in relative to her investigations. Evidence and witnesses fell too vague, or too flat. She makes a mental file for her new prospects, then returns her attention to Will.
“You wouldn’t believe some of the stuff I’ve read,” she chimes in. Will’s suspicious guise was apparent. 
“And now they have TV programs about it.” Picking up her wine, she gives off a light tingling laugh. The spectral golden energy bursts forward, exploding before they begin to advance onto Will.
“Oh I believe you.” He laughs back, unaware of the hidden light show invading his space. 
“Whatever the subject…Maddie…if it’s out there, I believe YOU will find it.” Will grins and finishes his beer, grateful that the conversation wasn’t getting too heavy. 
Watching the waitress approach, Maddie clenches her jaw. She takes in a heaving slow breath. Again, she scans the young lady’s lower cut, short sleeved white top, accompanied by a too short, pleated, flared green skirt. Ignoring the tension, the girl greets them and carefully sets their plates in front of them. 
Will orders more beer and wine as Maddie forces a smile. She places her hands to her face with fingertips touching. It made it easier to steal a glance in the direction of the older man nearby, covered in a dark brown trench coat. He appeared to be neatly dressed, clean shaven, an average middle-class citizen. He chose to wear a dark gray, button up office suit, along with black trousers.
With himself placed by the exit, he sat in one of the booth tables near the large windows. His silvery gray hair was combed and parted in the style normal for a working man of his age. The only indication of insanity came from the eerie stalking stare he kept giving her. An uneaten plate of Swedish meatballs sat before him. He hasn’t touched a bite. The only time he broke visual contact was when the waitress stops to check on him.
Maddie tries to eat. She wanted to avoid drawing attention to him. The aromatically flavored, potato soup had potential she decided. So far she didn’t think Will noticed the strangeness of the man. Having to experience it too many times herself, she hoped it wouldn’t be something he’d have to ever deal with. She often laughed at the irony that mankind was made of water, therefore in her eyes, constantly unstable. 
The quiet businessman broke out of the haze and comes to his senses as the waitress stops a third time. Maddie can hear her offering him to take a plastic to-go box for his cold food. In a low voice he mumbles something to her and takes a big bite with his fork. Nervous, the young, blonde waitress looks in the direction he was staring before she walks away. 
GenerallyMost times Will was in a silent, jovial mood when food was in front of him. Maddie learned what to discuss with him, and when by observing his eating patterns.She was grateful to be eating quietly. It made things less tense when she didn’t have to try to make up small talk. Sometimes she got the decades mixed up, trying to remember what pop culture was trending;its best advantages adhered to being in public. Maddie needed her focus to stay sharp. 
Shivering, Maddie shifts in her seat. She was almost certain the man was caught in the effects of her illness. As always, once Maddie decided she was going out, she made sure to perform a list of cautionary procedures involving her self-invented skin products and complexed medications. It was true she hadn’t been getting out much the past year since she started having regular, uncontainable transmutations. 
There were new variables now. Her skills were no longer limited by only observing energy in human behavior. Maddie realized she could see it in the energy of the humans’ environment. Greed, climate change, pollution, narcissism, blind consumerism, contributing to clouding their auric energy. And oh how it becomes powerfor massive continuous epidemics of global suffering, to both plant and animal alike.
Will finished his pot roast and calls for the waitress to pay the bill while Maddie excuses herself to go to the bathroom. Returning, she notices the odd man was finally gone. Maddie doesn’t hold back her relief. She was praying she was wrong about not being able to repel people anymore. Perhaps he just thought she was a celebrity; she convinces herself. 
Will is standing up, saying goodbye to one of the regulars.Maddie walks back over. After picking up his jacket and slinging it over his shoulder, he reaches out for her hand. Maddie glows as she places her gloved hand in his. She scans the street to make sure the man wasn’t lingering nearby as they sometimes did. ‘No sign of him. Good,’ she thinks feeling more at ease. 
“You ready my Lady?” Feeling better, Will’s comical charm was back. 
“Yes,” she replies with a twinkling smile. She lifts her evergreen handbag to her shoulder.
“Symphony here we come.” She dreamily announces.
“And later on, hopefully we can indulge in coffee, pie, and some hot symphonic sex for the grand finale’.” Will flirts as he sweetly kisses her, leading her towards the exit.



chapter  34 THE TORMENTED MAN


“Thank you for the flowers Will.” Maddie chimes inside the large parking garage. Maddie had a vice about these places. And so, they always walked closely together. 
“And for being so nice about going to listen to classical music with me.” Looking up from her shoes, Maddie casts him a wistful smile and takes his hand.
“Thankfully you didn’t snore.” She lets out one of her rare giggles. 
“And thank you for being so polite about my taking a nap.” Bowing to her, Will retorts.
“Plane rides make me wanna sleep for days,” he excuses. 
Maddie flashes Will an understanding smile. They reach her prized Model 3, equipped with the best upgrades for a Tesla. Even through her purse, the intelligent car recognizes her. It automatically responds to her cell phone and unlocks itself. 
Her mood was lighter than it had been in a long time. High from the music, she watches Will sweep with lanky strides across the pavement, mimicking his favorite cowboy walk. Glad for the evening’s peaceful entertainment, Maddie looks down to her purse to retrieve her phone. She hears Will saying something, but it seemed faraway. 
 “Well I guess we better go out and get that coffee now before we have any more FUN tonight.” Will’s joke was enhanced by the suggestive light in his eyes. Reaching the passenger door, he tosses his head and gives her one of his best mischievous smiles.
Maddie’s head was tingling. A burst of dizziness rushes over her from nowhere. The sensation gets stronger, an echolocation-like signal takes over her mind. A high, roarish sound consumes everypart of the space in between fantasy and reality for Maddie. Through the static of its chaotic frequency, the warning screamed its frenetic provoking. 
Maddie’s eyes darken as the ultrasonic light scans its location from front to back. She reaches to touch behind her neck, to the place of its origin and drops her purse. It was already underway. Reaching for the car Will feels the metallic object bash into the back of his head.
Purse half way in her hand, Maddie jumps up. She hears the crunching thud of a tire iron hitting the back of Will’s head. She cringes. With his eyes beginning to glaze, Will franticly looks at Maddie before slumping to the ground. Maddie’s eyes tense as she meets the eyes of the man from the Irish pub, looming behind the crumpled body of her pitiful lover.
Keeping the tire iron raised, the man watches her. In the eerie stillness, he waits to see if she is going to run… or scream. Maddie does neither. Risking a glance at Will, the tormented man realizes that he was threating one of her most treasured possessions. Maddie’s unearthly instincts respond and begin to gain strength. The tormented man raises the gun from his pocket. 
“Now you just go quietly with me to my car.” He demands.
“And I promise I won’t hurt your boyfriend anymore.” He spoke fast, with a shaky but sharpened tone. 
Keeping her hands up, Maddie narrows her eyes to the gun. Seeing his hand wobbling, she relaxes her face and puts on her best charismatic smile. With a subtle grace in her sway, she begins moving toward where he was motioning. His eyes in a fret, the man scans their surroundings before following. Walking up to the back of the black van, an eerie calm engulfs the air. Small electric charges initiate and disperse from distinct pressure points inside Maddie’s complicated body. 
“Stop right there.”
His The man’s protruding hairline is emitting beads of sweat. Reaching into his left pocket, the man pulls out a set of keys. He pushes a button that automatically opens the rear. Maddie waits stiffly in front of the van. Upon observing him closer, she realizes that he didn’t seem to be experiencing the full-fledged effect of her siren syndrome. His energy appeared to be, unusually aware. It was trying to fight back. He was having a mix of conflicting emotions about her, and his righteous side was winning over. 
“I saw you out in the water a few weeks ago.” The man sneers at his confident proclamation. Keeping the gun steady, he sets the tire iron inside the van. 
“You don’t get out much. I’ve been following you.” He moves to her side and with his large body begins pushing her in front of the opening of the van. Taking a closer look at her face he nods satisfied, his double chins shimmies.
“I knew it was you.” Squinting his eyes, his voice was thick and husky, accenting a Texas drawl. 
“My God... how could anybody forget seeing something like that!” He huffed, leaving his mouth agape. 
The tormented man takes a moment to recall. On his face appeared a look of remembering something so horrible, it would be painful to forget. Slick with sweat, his hair was now sticking to his temples. His mouth tremors beneath his round bulbous nose. His eyes looked like they were losing a lot of sleep. 
Maddie’s face softly twitches when she begins to realize what the man was saying. ‘Dear God, no…The unthinkable has become reality.’
There was no control. Her mind was not her own when she felt like hunting. There was no way of stopping someone from seeing her in monster form. She couldn’t be surprised about the mishap. Sooner or later someone was bound to see her. Biting her lower lip hard, Maddie blissfully licks at the trickling secretions. Slowly she raises her hands. Her neck curves and croons, while she gets into a hypnotic stare.
 “Look…” Letting her tongue roll the words out, she coos in a smooth tone, imposing her demanding energy.
 “I don’t know what you think you saw, but you’re making a mistake ok?” Maddie scrunches her face and glances in Will’s direction.
“Please, my friend is hurt.” Her voice cracks. For some reason she can’t see Will’s energy.
 “Just do what you want to me…” she stammers. The urge to panic begins. Maddie takes a breath.
 “Take my money… just please let me go.” Maddie nods towards Will without removing her eyes from her attacker.
 “He needs help, leave us alone now and I promise we won’t pursue charges.” She could feel her body activating its defense mechanisms. She had to resolve this without anyone else getting hurt.
“I have a lot of money...” Maddie persuades. She licks her lips in a slow circular rotation.
“I’m very rich.”
“Be quiet and get in the van.” The man snarls his response. Reaching forward he pushes her with his free hand, knocking her off balance and into the vehicle. Maddie barely stops her head from hitting the floor. 
‘Wake up Will!’ She projects. ‘Please wake up!’
“I’m sure something like you is worth a lot of money to the right buyers.”Pointing the gun at her face he reaches inside the van and pulls out a roll of duct tape. 
“Put some of this tape on your mouth.”
“I don’t know why I’ve wasted time talking to you at it is.” Still pointing the revolver, the man tosses the tape to her. Maddie picks it up and makes a gesture to speak when he cuts her off…
“No more talking! I don’t’ care if you’re a woman.” The tormented man growled through gritted teeth. “I’ll blow your fucking head off if you say another thing.”
Reluctantly Maddie complies, her eyes turn down to express her pitiful pleas. Watching her, he licks his dry lips, feeling his arousal increasing. He holds his hand out for her to hand it back. Slowly he lets his eyes follow the shape of her breasts, stopping to peer into her open dress with her knees helplessly spread. Still holding the gun to her, he reaches down to touch his anxious crotch. Maddie wanted to be afraid, but she was too angry. 
“Turn over.” Shifting his weight, the tormented man wipes his face. 
“Face down on the floor and put her hands behind your back.” Heinstructs in a brisk motion by waving the gun at her. Unable to further control his desires, he reaches down to loosen his pants. 
“And keep your ass up high.” The tormented man growls.
 Maddie hears his zipper coming down, followed by the sound of his pants and belt hitting the concrete. He moves in closer to her. His hands run up the backs of her thighs. Rough and spreading her legs so awkwardly wide that if she moved wrong, she’d lose her balance,Maddie feels him begin to pant.He guides his hands to her ass.
“I wonder what you taste like.” He hissed the words in an excited way that disgusts Maddie to the core.
Reaching in her dress, he rubs her from behind, and her pulls her panties off. Maddie begins to lose control of her breathing. She keeps her eyes shut tight, but she can still feel the chemicals filling her burning retinas. 
He returns one hand to the top of her ass, rubs two fingers down her trembling skin, and presses them inside her supple flesh. Maddie refrains from whimpering. Her mouth was starting to burn. Forcingthe gun to her back, he pulls them out and puts them in his mouth.
“I think I’m going to keep you for a few days, Pet.” He murmurs through his changing expression. The attitude behind his eyes was beginning to change. A crazed hunger now controlled his face.
Maddie didn’t have to look to know how badly infected he was by her siren syndrome. Moaning with this newdelight, he sucks from his fingers before picking up the duct tape. Maddie’s body is potent with adrenaline, her mind searches for a way to escape. She hears the screech of the tape being unrolled, announcing that it was about to become a lot harder to get away. 
Setting the pistol aside, the tormented man grabs the back of her dress and jerks hard. Panting heavier, he pulls her body tight to press his naked crotch against her. Maddie falls from her elbows. With a deafening thud, her face crashes into the floor of the van. The tormented man holds her head down. With his free hand, he yanks up her wrists and wraps one rotation of the tape around them. 
They both hear it at the same time. Will moans. The agony from gash was waking him. Caught by surprise, Maddie’s attacker grabs the gun and turns toward the noise. Although Will’s body is sluggish, he was regaining movement. 
Maddie seized her opportunity. Returning his attention to Maddie, the man realized it too late. She bucks her body wild enough to throw him off. Sparks of electric purple, flash throughout the pigment in her eyes. Without a word, she gives him a savage kick to the chest. The momentum of the force hurls him out of the van and onto the concrete. His body meets the solid force with a dull cracking sound. 
With speed fueled by her worst fears, Maddie gives the tape one sharp yank to loosen her wrists. She reaches for the tire iron before scrambling out of the van. Rubbing his head in a daze, the tormented man tries to get up. Maddie is in complete disregard. Without hesitation, she mounts the half-naked man to swing the tire iron to his skull. She doesn’t stop until his blood is splattering the sides of her face.
Some shadow of the human in her blinked behind those ultraviolet eyes. But she had no time to see if the man was dead. The fear was trying to suffocate her. A heavy, sickening pounding was threatening to take over her ears. 
Running back to Will’s side, he is trying to reach his hand up to the back of his head. He attempts to roll over in a slow rotation. She hears his weak voice calling out to her. Arriving to her car Maddie rushes to his side, finishes opening the passenger door, and throws her purse in. Her blood was overheating. Her skin wanted to react.
“Shhh… Will...” Maddie tries to keep her face cold and controlled.
“We’ve got to get out of here!” Sitting up on the concrete, Will blinks but doesn’t comply.
“Will...get up please…” she begs… 
“I think I killed him.”
Taking the chance to scan the parking lot, Maddie jumps up to recline the seat back before assisting him in the car. Though it was one of the lesser used garages, it wasn’t completely unpopular. Maddie runs as fast as she can to jump into the driver’s seat. Her hands want to tremble, but she manages to start the ignition. 
, programming system. Will liked to tease her and say that the tablet was the car’s brain.Turning on its rear-view camera, the car automatically adjusts and begins backing up. Glancing at the rear-view she exerts an unsteady sigh. Shaking her head with a bitter smile she laughs:

‘Damn, I really loved America…’ 



chapter  35 FIGHT FLIGHT


Trying to appear casual wasn’t easy. Maneuvering out of the parking complex on auto mode seemed to become an endless maze. The car’s marveling, artificial intelligence system was hell bent on following safety protocol. Maddie hurries and switches the computer to track mode. She turns off the auto pilot and grabs the steering wheel. 
Gliding and drifting around the parking lot’s levels, Maddie curses herself for losing her wits. The car politely tries to warn Maddie that she is maneuvering at unsafe speeds. Will moans to her, that her driving is making him sick.
The tires screeched around the last corner to the bottom. Maddie takes a huge breath. She forces herself not to cry. The stranger’s life force was expiring. Her blurred eyes dart from side to side, checking for witnesses while trying to evaluate Will’s injury. With one last worried look behind, she turns onto the street.
 Will tries to raise his hand to his head. Shrinking from the pain, he moves in a listless unconsciousness. He blinks slow, trying to clear his vision of the spots. Both in and out, his mind is a streaming, continuous throb of pain. Fearing what he missed, he wondered if he had a seizure while he was down. Afraid and aching, he strains to figure out what was happening before he started to get in the car. 
“Maddie…” He turns toward the blurred driver, wanting to reassure himself that he’d see her angelic form sitting there.
“Are you okay?” He mutters. Pain or no pain, he forces his head to look up at her.
“Will, you need to just sit there with your eyes closed okay… you might have a concussion.” 
Maddie doesn’t take her eyes off the road. She places her hand on top of his. It helps with keeping her calm, she felt… focused now. They were safe. That’s the only thing that was important.
Holding her breath, she glances at the rear-view camera, half expecting to see flashing police lights. Tensing her knuckles around the steering wheel, she exhales. No police. Unsatisfied, Maddie leaves the auto pilot off and takes the long way home. The man may not have been alone in uncovering her secret. She had to make sure no one was following them. 
“What happened to that guy?” Will squeezes her hand. 
“Did he try to hurt you?” He asks in a brittle voice.
When Maddie finally looks at him, she lets out a small breathless gasp. Nearly half his blond hair was red. She clinches hard to both his hand and the car. Even with her lips pressed tight they can’t stop from trembling. 
“Will, you’re the one who is hurt. She coaxes in a strained voice. 
“Now please be quiet until we get you some help okay?” 
“I’m not that hurt,” he grumbles. He abides with her request anyway. 
With his eyes closed, Will’s head didn’t seem to throb as hard. The sound of her voice has him worried about her condition to drive. He reaches up with his right hand to wipe his eyes again. With his sight growing better, hopefully his memory would too. Maddie pulls up the driveway a little too fastto park the car in the automated garage. 
“Maddie, are you going to call the police?” Will asks with fresh sleepiness. He hadn’t noticed drifting off until the sound of the passenger door opening gets his attention.
“I’m going up to the police station as soon as I take care of you Will.” She states firmly while helping him out.
“You seem ok, but you need to let me look at you.” Will’s face crumples as the pain shoots into his head again. 
“Why don’t we go to the hospital if you think it’s that bad Maddie?”
Maddie sighs as she unlocks the door leading from the garage inside. Will was beginning to inherit a looming dread of what possibly could have resulted to cause Maddie’s half considered decisions right now. It had to be bad. Maddie was always a ‘by the book,’ abide the law, kind of person. 
“It’s complicated Will,” was all she could muster to say.
“What’s that supposed to mean…” Will was now ready to get upset… “What happened?” 
Maddie opens the door. She takes him by the waist and leads him inside, insisting he rest on the couch before she answers any more questions. The tormented man was dead. She knew that was absolute. She needed to quiet Will, so that she could get her head together.
“I’m not really sure okay.” She snaps. 
“It all happened very fast Will.” Maddie bites her lip, she instantly regrets being too harsh with him. 
Maddie’s bout with adrenaline left her exhausted. She drops down on the couch’s matching lounge chair. Cradling her head in her hands, she bends over and looks to the floor, hiding the fact that she is wrenching her own hair hard enough to make herself wince. Maddie remembers Will is still in the room, possibly badly injured. She sits up fast and tries to pull herself together. 
‘We don’t think the way they do Maddie. Our brains don’t work the way theirs do. We are neither inferior nor superior to them. We just are what we are.’ David was so well at projection, the clarity in his words could have manifested him into the room. 
‘Where were you an hour ago?’ Maddie lets her anger project back. How could he just show up like this now? Maddie self inquires. Pushing David away, she returns her focus back to Will. 
“Just lay your head back and keep your legs straight while I get some ice.” With his head still spinning, Will has no choice but to obey.
Maddie stands up. She runs her fingers gently around where the tire iron hit him. Good. It was only a minor bump. As she walks to the kitchen, she curses herself for not having the ability to heal. 
Will is losing to the dizziness. Fighting to stay awake, he stares at the ceiling with an impatient glare. He looks down at his reddened arm where he thought he felt a needle like sting on the drive back. There was the mark of a puffy red circular swelling on his skin. 
‘Damnit,’ he thinks with a laugh. 
‘She really didn’t wanna talk.’ Closing his eyes, he hears Maddie moving about in the kitchen in quick strides. 
“We need to see if you’re going to be okay before we figure out what to do next Will.” Producing an eerie calm through a dull monotone, Maddie’s voice was too soft for Will to accept as ok. 
He raises his hands to touch his matted hair. ‘This isn’t Maddie,’ he worries. He listens to her walking barefoot back from the kitchen. She brought back a glass of water in one hand and an ice pack in the other. Gently she sits next to him, applying the ice pack to his head. She frowns, slanting her eyes as she regards him with her serious-faced, clinical concern.
“Are you having any dizziness…blurred vision?” Maddie opens her other hand to offer him the pills. Around his broken body, she saw Will’s source of life doing what it could to regenerate itself. 
“Here you need to take these. They are for swelling and pain,” she instructs. With his eyes still closed, Will forces a scowl. He manages to turn and glance into her hand. 
“And when did you get your medical degree Dr. Draven?” Laughing at his own sarcasm with his eyes half open, Will questions whether or not to remove them from her hand. He begins to chuckle, feeling the effects of the injection. 
“You already shot me up with something?” He smiles, feeling his head swaying. Maddie takes her hand and leads his head back onto the pillow.
“Where did you get these anyway?” Will’s eyes dart to the prescription bottle on the iron table behind her. Saying nothing, Maddie pushes the pill through his lips and hands him the glass of water. 
“Just be still now Will please,” she soothes.
 “You have to heal. I’m doing my best. We can talk about everything later I promise,” she lies. Will had no idea how thirsty he was until the glass of water was drained. 
“I have a supply of just about everything Will.” She curls her lip into a smile. Scanning over his face, she brushes a hand across his cheek, sweeping back a lock of his stained hair. 
“You never know in my line of work when the stock market may crash.” 
Maddie takes the tall, crystal glass from him and stands back up. Will tries to form logical, solid thoughts one more time before giving in. As his heavy eyes come down like great weighted curtains, he watches her slender form stride to her office.	
******************
“Maddie, what happened to that guy?” Will sat up on the couch rubbing his eyes, alerted to life by the smell of espresso. 
“Maddie… is he dead?” Will feared and hated the question. 
Standing with her back to him, Maddie’s sigh almost seemed twice the mass of her own body. Again, the memories of the attack were in full swing of taking over her thoughts. ‘What good was continuing avoiding him going to do?’ She frowns. She couldn’t make him sleep forever. Maddie shivers at the only other possibilities. They all included losing him.
“I don’t know Will.” Maddie’s guilt nags at her, still she continues to half delude him.
“He grabbed me… tried to put me in his van…” she shakily continues. 
“…and I hurt him.” Pretending to remember she pauses, blankly staring out at the beach.
“That’s all I can really, clearly remember.” She wanted to at least try to tell him as much truth as possible. 
 “I was so scared… but I wasn’t going to let him cause further harm to us.” He’s only going to be able to handle so much at a time, she decides. I can always tell him the rest later…in sections.
Will places his hand to his forehead. With a heavy heart, Maddie watches a tear protrude from his closed eye. His mind was a thunderstorm of chaotic ideas. He raises his arm up, motioning her to his side. 
“C’mere,” he remarks to the troubled silhouette wrenching her hands. Maddie turns, her face full of tears. Blinking faster, her mouth crumpling down, she rushes over and kneels beside him. She buries her face into the couch by his chest and releases years of pain. 
Unsure of what to say, Will rubs her hair with a genuine tenderness. He was having a hard time remembering ever seeing her cry like this. It didn’t feel right to lie; tell her everything was going to be ok when he wasn’t sure it would be. He takes her by the waist, leads her up onto him and wraps his arms around her. 
“It was self-defense Maddie…he attacked us.” He gives his best effort to comfort her.
“Whatever happened to him, it wasn’t your fault. That’s why we need to go to the cops.” Drowsy again, Will lets out a frustrated sigh. 
Crying uncontrollably, Maddie wasn’t fit to respond. Will leans his head on the pillow and closes his eyes. She was whimpering, barely audible. Captured by the side effects of the pills, Will feels his body begin to give into dozing off. Just before he drifted off, he thought he heard Maddie say one last thing… “I took a life...again.” 



chapter  36 TRAVEL PLANS


Will hears the sound of pots and pans in the kitchen. The inviting smell of the stew prompts him to sit up and look around. Still unsure of how severe his injury might be, he makes sure to get up slow. How many days had gone by? Even though it subsided from last night,the pain in his head was still there 
“Don’t try to get up.” He hears Maddie’s ringing voice call out from the kitchen. 
Wearing a sunset colored, spaghetti strap sundress, she walks over to him. It was covered atop by a red and black, trim apron; adorned with painted white roses. Will pushes back the blanket from his feet. He sits up and reaches for the glass of orange juice Maddie extends to him. 
“How are you feeling?” she asks. With an icy grace she stands above him, sipping more of her chilled, red wine. 
“You seemed ok, so I just let you sleep.”
The beeping of the kitchen timer goes off, interrupting Maddie’s next comment. Trying to shake off feeling like his head was exploding, Will forces himself to smile. Maddie touches his hand in a dreamy daze, smiling back as if nothing is wrong. She gets up to finish cooking. Will runs his fingers through his curly blond bangs as he goes over what little information Maddie gave him.
“You’re definitely going to have to take a bath soon… and wash your hair.” Maddie calls behind her.
 Will shivers. She didn’t sound anything like herself. He’d heard about people who experience intense, traumatic life situations reacting this way. Sometimes it was temporary, sometimes they needed long term therapy. The worst of it was uncontrollable, violent outbursts. Able to affect, and change the brain patterns of any man, woman or child, it was called: post-traumatic stress syndrome.
The reality shattering event in the parking lot had a hand in heightening Maddie’s senses. Alerted to Will’s nervous energy, she contemplates the best method of discussing what their next move will be. Returning, she carries with her a small copper tray, holding the bowl of stew. Licking her dry lips, she observes him before tentatively setting the tray down.
“Maddie, I don’t really feel like eating much.” Will frowns. ‘But it smells so good.’ He admires. 
Scrunching his sore face, Will wonders if she even heard him. Bemused, Maddie walks away without responding. Her flat, impassive face didn’t even flinch. She walks in an inertia, as if she were programmed. Only her body seemed human. There was barely a care in her appearance. It left Will with an uneasiness he had to confront. 
Moving like a vapid cloud to the far side of the room, Maddie sits across from him in her maroon, leather recliner. Nodding to him with a polite smile, she reaches to the engraved, velvet, end table to pick up her laptop. Casting a faraway glance, she crosses her legs and bites her lip. 
Studying the cold, nervous way she types, Will takes a few bites of his food. He’d never found any evidence of her being involved in any prior crimes. Still, after the dream he had the night before, something started to scare him.Maddie’s eyes darken once she detects Will’s questions. She kept her mind engrossed on the screen. 
“I’m going to Japan, Will.” She states. Half choked, Will covers his mouth and stops chewing. 
“Would you like to come with me?” Straight-faced, Maddie blurts out the ill-timed announcement without looking up.
“Maddie!” Will couldn’t constrain his horrified face, too stiff to swallow. 
He gulps his last bite a little too hard. The food forces its way down his esophagus. Will’s eyes strain as wide as they could go. He starts blinking fast. Managing to get his food down, he recovers.
“You can’t just leave the country!” Blenching his face and shaking his head, he pushes the tray from him. 
“Innocent until proven guilty.” She states looking up from the website. Her empty eyes held a menacing warning.
“I can go anywhere I want.” Watching him trying to stand up, she frowns. 
“Oh, I’m sorry. I should’ve waited until you finished eating.” The laptop makes a crisp snap as it closes. She tucks it under her arm, then begins to stand up herself. Pausing to give him a steely, clinical observation, she continues. 
“I AM going Will.” She warns.
“Nothing is going to stop that.” Maddie sizes him up. Her subliminal commands weren’t working. This discussion wasn’t going to get any better right now.
‘He was about to find out anyway,’ she smirks to herself. ‘‘It wasn’t going to be much longer.’ 
“Maddie, I want to talk about this...right now!” 
Will’s scowling was creating a thickness to the room’s atmosphere. Wanting to avert the tension, the dozens of questions going through Will’s head, and the growing grey cloud above them, Maddie moves away like a restless animal. 
“Where are you going?” Will puts his hands on his hips and glares. Her pacing was getting annoying. She was ready to walk away. 
“This is important Maddie. You can’t just avoid me.” 
Now angry and fully awake Will gets a better look at her. She was in a hurry to hide the fact that she was terrified, withdrawing into herself, pushing everything else away except for the goal to escape. Maddie was trying to keep him from seeing how bad things really were. Her eyes and cheeks were puffy. She hadn’t been sleeping and she was dehydrated. 
Will thinks again, ‘How long was I asleep?’ She looked older.
Maddie stands at the bottom of the stairs. Keeping her hair in her face, she barely looks at him. Her bottom lip was trembling, but she was trying to hold it with her teeth. Apologetic, Will drops his angry attitude, allowing his eyes to show her his remorse. He takes a step toward her. Holding her hand up to back him off, she hurries up the staircase. 
“Maddie,” he calls taking a few steps behind her. Mid-way, Maddie stops to look over her shoulder.
“When you feel better Will.” Her frightened voice was almost a whisper. Easily her long legs stride up the rest of the staircase.
“Take a bath first,” her hallow voice echoes. 
 Her library has a new high-tech lock, Will reminds himself. He watches her disappear around the corner without a word. He still wasn’t feeling ready enough to get into an edgy discussion right now anyway. Before leaving the room, he checks for his phone and looks to see if the remote for the TV was where it usually was. They were. Looks like she wasn’t trying to keep him prisoner then. 
Exhaling loud, Will’s apprehension grows when he touches the patches of his matted hair again. Washing that was going to take a while. Nothing about him was smelling so great either. Now that she was gone, he takes a thorough look around the room. Nothing there to give him clues except for the clothes she laid out for him. A planted hint if there was such a thing.
*********************************
 “Maddie!” Will’s shaking hand knocks on her study door louder.
“That guy is dead Maddie!” He gulps hard. 
Swaying on his toes, Will tries to control the dizziness. It’s been three days. How long did she plan on hiding?Shifting impatiently, he braces himself on the wall and knocks again, giving more authority to the sound. He pauses to listen. 
“It’s in the news.” 
Will hears footsteps, followed by the robotic beeping and clicking of the locks. Opening the door, Maddie emerges. Her face told him that she already knew about the man, and that she was expecting Will to find out this way. Her once empathetic refinement was replaced by something cold and indifferent. Her lips were pursed like she looked ready to tell him something. Her normally perfect posture was wilting.
Will’s face softens as she opens the door all the way, while inviting him in with her other hand.
**************************************
Will has to focus. He concentrates on riveting his jaw to keep his body from reacting to the approaching inner rage. He forces back the many torturous ideas he would have loved to do to the guy. Slowly grinding his teeth, he sits forward in his chair. His knuckles were white from the grip he had on his faded jeans. 
In silence, he watches the misery tormenting her beautiful face speak of when it happened. With a handful of tissues and reddened wet eyes, Maddie recalls the actual truth. Everything that took place at the garage except for everything mermaid related. Kidnapping Will for knowing her awful truth was far too unrealistic. 
“I’ll go with you Maddie.” Will assures her as she stops to wipe her face. He sits back in his chair with a saddled expression. 
“But I hope you have seriously thought this over.” He adds this with a grim look, releasing the death grip on his pants. 
“I can buy you a new identity.” Maddie was careful to confess. Rubbing one hand across the other, she raises her head to watch his face. 
“I already started working on it last night.” This unsurprising disclosure was presented to him with her hopeful smile.
‘Oh, please let him be serious.’ Why did it seem like she was having a harder time getting through to him now? She wonders. Her eyes pace around his presence before she reminds him:
“We will get to visit your grandmother.” Maddie’s supernatural voice curled her balanced tones around in a sing-song kind of speech. 
“You will still be able to keep in contact with your family.” In his head, Will goes over the plans. Holding his hands together, he evaluates everything that will have to change. 
“Your mother and aunt seem to be happy roommates since you decided to spend more time with me.” Fearing any doubt he may have; Maddie pushes her skills as much as she can to entice him further. He had to go with her.The alternative could devastate her ideal plans. 
“It will at least buy me time to bribe someone into forgetting about this Will.” Maddie points out while playing with her favorite ring. Made for the index finger, she came across it in a thrift store visiting San Francisco bay. It was catholic indefinite. It was also made in the village her mother was born in. She gets up and stands over him.
In an absent stare, Will puts his hands to his temples. He rubs them in circles as he keeps his eyes open. The pressure in his face projects the heaviness of his worries. Thankfully his energy was almost healed. Viewing the dangerous, messy conversation inside his head, Maddie finally acknowledges the depth of the consequences to what she’s done. She was going to force Will into starting an entire new life. The grief of it was more than she expected. But she had no choice.
“I’m so sorry Will.” Forcing back the urge to cry, she covers her mouth.
“I’m sorry I got you into all of this.” Maddie looks to the floor.
“I’m not angry at you Maddie.” Will promises her in a tender voice. 
Straightening himself, he grabs her chair. He puts his hand under her chin to lift her face, hoping she would meet his gaze. Her dull, tired complexion was a sign that she was in desperate need of good sleep. Staring into his eyes, Maddie’s human side fights for control. It longed to be free, free to feel everything there was to life. Speechless, she lunges forward to hug him tight, leaving her head to rest on his shoulder.
“Why don’t we just go to the police?” Will pleads again.
“He attacked you.” Will gently reminds as he tries to soothe her. 
“You were scared, and you ran. I’m sure they will try to understand.” Will wanted to sound confident, sincere. He hoped it was coming out that way.
Releasing him, Maddie can’t help but scoff at his naivety. Saying nothing, she looks down again and takes a deep breath. Engaged in her own disbelief, she shakes her headfrom side to side in slow motion. Her face trembles, her eyes remain glued to the same place on the floor. Her odd expression creates an odd moment of deja-vous.
‘I took a life again Will!’ Narrowing his eyes, Will cocks his head and attempts to locate the sound.
From the haunting echo of his colorless dream, Maddie’s shrill voice screams at him again. Hiding out there in the darkness there was a shiny impression. Too fast to reveal itself, this thing in the dark looked like the tip of a giant, serrated fish tail. Then at once his view is eclipsed by a pair of glowing florescent eyes and a blood-spattered face, stretching wide to deliver a mouthful of red stained, razor teeth.
 The surprise that should have been in Will’s expression wasn’t there. Instead he blinks the dream away, allotting his growing skepticism. Squinting his eye, he turns his head to the side. He keeps his eyes on hers. ‘Questions…’ he notes, ‘There shouldn’t be so many questions creating friction between us.’ He speaks the truth to himself.
“Or is there more I need to know? Is there something you’re not telling me Maddie?” Using the influence of his subtle intensity, Will concentrates on tunneling through Maddie’s armored front.
“Did you know that guy?” 
He keeps his gestures sympathetic, pressingthe questions as gentle as he couldto keep from upsetting her. She’d been through enough. The last thing he wanted, was for her to be under more distress. He wanted his old Maddie back.
“No.” Maddie’s timid whisper barely exits her lips. In a childish manner she shakes her head, crossing her arms as if to hide from his thoughts. She looks deeper into his face, determined to read him this time. ‘He knows something.’ She declares internally.
The dull ache from his head was returning. Touching his fingers to his temple again, Will closes his eyes. Protecting a woman was one of the most important things a man should do. His mom and aunt pulled together to raise him after his dad died. Still it was something he always remembered his father teaching him. Clasping his hands together to rest them on the top of his head, Will leans back in his seat. He lets his eyes roll around the room one time while he ponders the best approach to his next question. After a final pause, he gives in and sighs
“When are we leaving?” 



chapter  37 THE LAST ASSISTANT


Even with their cushioned, black, pleather padding; the framed, metal, square backed chairs were making them restless…. Until her new high tech, high security office was ready, the smaller one was a provisional necessity. The table before them was one of the usual generic brown fold up portable pieces of furniture widely known. She wasn’t about to spend an elaborate amount of money on a building and furniture she wasn’t planning on using for very long. 
Bent forward typing into her laptop, Maddie pauses. Completing the profile on the screen, she checks the clock in the bottom corner. Leaning back with his feet up, Will scans his phone for new articles about the murder. Maddie’s underwear had been found, but they were saying the evidence was tampered with because it wasn’t completely human DNA in the fabric. Maddie refused to concern herself with it. 
“I’ll bribe them Will,” was always her conclusion. 
“If they come after me, I’ll just bribe them.” So far, there was no new information to the case. Relieved, Will sighs and looks at the time.
“The last one should be here soon… right?” Will’s asks followed by his sheepish smile. The boredom is transparently obvious in his voice. Concentrating on the screen, Maddie nods without looking up. 
“Tell me again, why I have to be here?” He jokes, lowering his legs and turning his body toward hers.
“Because I need your acute instincts to help me pick out the best one.” Without looking up, Maddie crooks her mouth into a satirical smile. 
Will lets out a light-hearted snort and curls his lips. Relaxing his shoulders he waits, innocently stretching his legs close enough to play footsies with her. Adjusting to their new location wasn’t as hard as he thought it was gonna be. The new air, new people, and new scenery looked like it was doing Maddie a lot of good. 
“It’s almost over for today I promise.” Feeling his thoughts, she intentionally interrupts. Making a few final taps on her keyboard, she crosses her legs and turns to him. 
“I bet you’re excited about going to see your grandmother soon.” She teases with an airy smile as she reaches for her tea. 
“Yah.” He grins, lighthearted and serious at the same time. Even with him trying to play the ‘No Big Deal’ card, Maddie sees the anticipated delight bouncing around in his energy field.
“What I’m really excited about is seeing you looking much better.” Really wanting to believe they had a chance to start over here, Will lets his face relax. He leans forward to caress her bare arm.
‘Criminals leave the country and disappear all the time, right?’ He asks himself. Will catches Maddie wincing, but just barely. 
“Obaasan is a great person. I think you’ll really like her,” he assures.
“She’s really feisty, hasn’t lost any of her marbles for being seventy-six.” Amused with himself, Will smirks. 
“I hope she likes me.” Maddie answers back, chewing on her bottom lip. She finds herself staring in his eyes for too long and looks away. 
Testing her nerves and her courage, the move for Maddie was like attending a funeral, ending with an extremely disheartening goodbye. Spending much of her human life there, America became one of her favorite lived-in ‘storage’ rooms. It was also endowed with the most high-tech national homeland security, forcing her to part with nearly everything, or risk getting found. Though she managed to ship a few of her favorite treasures, they were still trying to locate all of her storage room troves. So far nationwide, they discovered ten. 
Fortunately, ditching the real estate was easier. Most were anonymously donated. Maddie always sought after an accommodating, spacious bed and breakfast whenever she went traveling. Having to conform to the tight spaced, eco- friendly, micro hotels of Japan was challenging her claustrophobic sensitivity.
“This is like living in a box with all your things crammed in it,” Maddie gasped. Holding up his hands and crinkling his mouth, Will shrugs a soundless apology.
The amount of money Maddie was spending to renovate the old estate they found was blowing Will’s mind. He knew they surpassed five million already. The road to the grounds needed to be cleared and repaved. The frame was being reinforced with some kind of military grade steel. The biggest chunk seemed to be going into high tech robotic technology and security. She spent like a queen preparing for a long-term war. Maddie was paying out a lot to keep things low key and wash out anything that might lead an investigation to her doorstep. 
They both look up as they hear the clanking sound of the lightly stained, wooden door being opened. The petite, ebony haired, Asian girl walking in had a different appearance than the others. Her brightly lit disposition, stood out to Maddie right from the start. Her auric field beamed like sun rays. She carried herself withconfidence as she moved toward the table. Reaching their presence, Yuri gives them a small, polite smile before bowing.
Overlapping a simple, white, v-collared buttoned shirt; Yuri wore a crisp, black, collarless uniform jacket. Beneath her short, black pleated skirt were her typical knee-high white socks and black, vinyl, flat soled shoes. The ad did say she encouraged students to apply. 
On the walk from school, Yuri’s mind replayed her parents lecture from the night before. They explained with great seriousness how important this American was. The tension in her father’s face warns thatthis interview could be the difference between making her dream come true or destroying it. They spoke of the doors it would open for Yuri in America, and how proud they would be. Squaring her shoulders, Yuri keeps a buoyant smile on her lips as she approaches the nervous American couple. She’d never let her parents down.
Maddie’s eyes lit up with genuine delight. Yuri’s energy was pleasant, curious, and trulyinteresting. The fair skinned; dark eyed girl proudly informs Maddie, that after her graduation it was her dream to study environmental oceanography. Yuri announces that her father is a well-paid surgeon and wasn’t concerned with cost. However, he still intended on pushing her to work for it. 
It was especially surprising to Maddie when the smile appeared on her own face. Watching the girl arrive with so much assurance, listening to the pride in her voice, all sparked something valid. This was an important marker, a significant arrival. The past year brought about a great change in her capacity to relate with humans. 
‘The mind is the key… think human, be human.’
 Desperate at this point to try any cure, Maddie’s obsessive daily motto carried a new hope. She was discovering new research. Perhaps there was a way to naturally devolve. By dominating her mind with a specific idea, and some new gadgets she acquired, she will use her own brain chemicals in order to change her DNA, therefore, physically changing herself. She read about similar cases. It was too bad, she still hadn’t found any case examples of the results. Technology is a great way to discover things. It’s also a great way to hide it.
Will sits quiet, respectful, and attentive. On que, he nods his approval whenever Maddie glances his way. She seemed very happy with this one and he wasn’t about to ruin it. Watching Maddie and the girl talking gave him hope that Maddie would have better luck in Japan. 
Shifting in his seat, Will yawns as polite as possible. Raising his hand to his mouth, he looks away. Even though she wasn’t watching, he sends Maddie an apologetic smile. He feels his stomach announcing to him that it was getting close to dinner time. 
‘She’ll be wrapping it up soon,’ he thinks. ‘She always seems to know.’
“And you will be working a lot with my closest friend here, Will.” Maddie gives a casual wave of her fingers as she turns to Will. 
Allowing her surprise to overcome her premediated mindset, Yuri’s mouth drops open. She searches their hands to find that neither of them are displaying wedding bands. Darting her eyes around the room, she catches herself biting her lip. She’s quick to recover from her embarrassing mistake. Putting her hands in her lap, she smiles in repentance. Straightening herself, Yuri takes a breath. 
“Oh, please excuse me Miss but I thought…” The confused young girl looks from Maddie to Will.
“…you two are not a couple?” Yuri asks in a tentative voice. Her eyes frown. She prays she isn’t being too intrusive. 
“No,” Maddie answers in a short, low tone. Looking up from her notes, she sees Yuri’s stunned face. 
Pretending not to notice Will’s reaction, Maddie produces a humble smile for the worried girl. Maddie needed a positive response. She sneaks a glance at Yuri. With a straight face, she returns her poise to her well laid out paperwork. Several files with each of the girls faces on them, laid out in a strategic display for Yuri. 
Maddie wanted to see how far she could push this one. Most of the other girls didn’t get past this part of the test. After a whole day of interviews, she was left with four potentials. Yuri’s self-appreciation had to be authentic. Nodding in compliance, Yuri’s expression relaxes. She looks to Will and gives him a gentle smile. 
“Well…” 
Satisfied, looking to the clock, Maddie smiles as she stands up. Walking around the table, she stops and appropriately bows to Yuri. Eyeing the girl a moment, she shakes her hand.
“If I have any further questions, I’ll call you in again.” Maddie leads the excited young girl to the door. 
“Once I look over all the applications, I’ll let you know whether or not you will be hired.” 
Focusing on keeping a snappy, professional voice, Maddie keeps her own excitement concealed. Still going over the awkward, relationship weirdness part; Will smirks to himself. He still wasn’t sure why she needed an assistant since she had him. In his opinion, what she really needed was a lady friend to do girl things with. Will had never been comfortable with Maddie being alone so much. He’d never seen her go out with anyone else besides him. 
Leaning back again he watches them, leaving his hands in his pockets. Innocently amusing himself, he admires the comical scenario. Maddie’s too tall aAmazonian figure towering over Yuri. They looked perfectly paired. 
As they walk to the door, Maddie assimilates her psychometrical senses. Time for the final interrogation on the aura of the slender, athletic girl. Once in her clairvoyant state, she listens to the echo in the sonar sound waves emitted by Yuri’s emotions. Yuri’s genuine sincerity echoing back left Maddie more than pleased. 
There was a strong sense of honor in the girl. Maddie couldn’t wait to hire her. Coming from a solid, financially stable family secured that Yuri’s parents would give her no trouble in the occasions where she might need to interact with them. But she wasn’t about to let this be a repeat of Laura.
“Well,” Maddie’s voice rings out.
“What did you think of that one?”
Walking back to the table, she waves her hand with leisured carelessness, indicating to the girl now on the other side of the door. 
“You seem to like her a lot.” Will answers, displaying his contented grin. “A lot more than the others so far.”
The corners of Maddie’s mouth curl up into a coy smile. Remaining quiet, she lets her eyes send her excitement to him. 
“I’m sure you are ready to go eat now.” She asserts. Avoiding his questions, Maddie glides around to the other side of the table to collect the files. She reaches down for her briefcase. 
“Why do you need an assistant for anyway?” Will asks. Shrugging, he stands to stretch his legs. “You got me.”He wasn’t about to hide the disappointment he was feeling.
 Even though his pain was making its way to her, the sight of his aesthetical, pouty face, gave Maddie a special kind of smile. The hair on the back of her neck spiked and curled.
“Because I just do,” she finalizes in a matter of fact tone.
“Because you need to get out and work on your own things Will,” she lectures.
“Don’t stagnate your own life, your own dreams just because you wanna take care of me.” Maddie wants to react to Will’s startled face, but she can’t back down.
“I will not have you wasting your education on my account.” Maddie allows herself to soften her voice. She looks at him through more loving eyes.
“I mean I appreciate you wanting to take care of me Will.” Maddie reassures. She keeps careful watch on the sphere of his energy field. Its colors and emotions couldn’t decide which one wanted to be in direct control of him. Will’s eyes reveal the thoughts mulling over in his mind. His confused scowl dictates his expression as he chews on a fingernail.
“But for me to let you not follow your dreams too… would be selfish.” Maddie’s concern was clear. The sides of her face crease. She frowns. 
“And I’m not really that sick anymore.” Searching for a way to make him accept, Maddie reaches for Will’s hand. 
“I really appreciate that Maddie.” Will looks down at her hand. The admiration in his voice couldn’t be mistaken. He reaches to stroke that perfect, golden long hair. Maddie moves her head toward his touch.
“Oh,” Will pulls away as he suddenly remembers.
“Those guys texted me about the house while you were doing the interview.” Will digs into his pocket to retrieve his phone. 
“They said more than likely with all the additions and reinforcement you want done, along with updating some of the plumbing,” He looks down at the message to recall any further important information.
“The house should be ready next week.”
Maddie’s shoulders slump. She was so hoping to get out of that confining hotel in the next few days. Still, she was grateful its employees were tolerable of her unusual requests. 
“Well,” Will excuses. “You wanted it sturdier, right?” Trying to fend off her glare, he grins and shrugs his shoulders. 
“I mean you DID have to pick a house on a cliff.” He teases, giving her an affectionate nudge as they walk toward the door. 
“I like duality.” Maddie’s harmonic voice expresses to him. She sweeps her open hand like a paintbrush horizontally in the air. 
“The panoramic way in which the sky and the ocean conjoin in the same window frame.” She smiles at her daydream.
“If you’re happy, I’m happy Baby.” Will coos, putting his arm around her waist. Enjoying her happy mood, he gives her a slight squeeze. Maddie sighs to herself, trying not to tense up from his embrace.
“But you’ll be happier when we eat so let’s go.” She reminds him. Getting closer, she gently kisses the softness of his lips.



chapter  38 THE DIPLOMAT


Maddie eats her dragon sushi roll and miso soup without looking like she was in a rush. She wanted enough time to observe Will’s mood before beginning the premeditated conversation. She lets her unconditional love for him project a strong, soothing energy wave in his direction. Briefly she closes her eyes, fighting back the urge to let her sadness ruin the moment. Opening them again, she takes in his presence. It’s warm, golden glow responds, pulling in her energy, then sending back its signal to entangle with hers. 
“So, do you think you’re going to like living here?” She finally brings herself to ask.
In retrospect, she didn’t consider residing in a cramped hotel for over six months living. It was surviving. Caught off guard, Will smiles in a respectful way. Interrupted in mid-bite of his chicken vegetable hibachi, he swallows before replying. Maddie watches his expression half amused. Catching him by surprise was part of her master plan to be in control. 
“Yah,” he answers while reaching for his napkin. “I can definitely get used to the place.” He picks up his glass of iced tea and takes a drink.
“My mother and Obaasan told me a lot.” He reminisces while wiping his mouth. “The stories don’t compare to actually experiencing it.” 
“I’m glad Will.” Maddie remarks as she sets her dishes to the side. Raising her eyebrows to him, she folds her hands and demands his attention.
“I never want you to be unhappy,” she says.
The worry begins to set in his eyes. Will was never happy with that expression on Maddie’s face. A far away, yet very aware regard, as if she were…plotting something. The trouble was, he never knew if it was something stable. He cocks his head to one side while attempting to read her thoughts.
“Well, now that you mention it, why did you tell Yuri we weren’t a couple?” His face saddens. 
“I mean… that kinda gave me some mixed signals. I’ve thought of us a couple for a while,” he mumbles. 
“Oh Will,” Maddie sighs. She shakes her head in a daze. “I’m sorry.” Unsure of what else to say, she looks down at the table. 
“And I wasn’t really sure you felt that way about me.” Ashamed to meet his eyes, Maddie winces and licks her lips.
“Sometimes… I don’t know how to tell these things,” she excuses. Trying not to act offended, Will crinkles his face and gives her a gentle smile. He reaches over to touch her hand. 
“I love you Maddie,” he declares… “Don’t you know that by now?” 
Maddie looks at their hands intertwined with a torturous, yet hopeful expression. “I guess I should.” Enjoying the feeling of his soothing touch, she tries to smile. 
“Well,” he reaches to kiss her hand. 
“I shall tell you again and again my lady until you finally do know.” Overlooking her worried expression, he grins wide and sits back to pick up his fork. 
With a longing she couldn’t control, Maddie regards him. She tries to enjoy the honesty in his pureness, the raw, unfiltered light inside the emotions he was sending. Through him it seemed to flow easier than other humans. An energy better than the one she absorbed from her mother in Italy. She enjoyed it a moment longer, and then returned to her agenda.
She needed this time to let him in on one of her secret plans. It was the only way to test his loyalty. The waitress walks over and gives her a traditional bow and asks if she would like more hot tea. Maddie accepts politely as she pushes the empty rose and white china dishes toward her.
The happy girl’s face was pleased with the empty dinner dishes. It was considered rude in Japan to waste food. The waitress was fast. A few minutes and she returns carrying a tray of fresh, hot, rose hip and green tea. Along with it are small, artful containers filled with honey, lemon, and cream. 
“Will,” she begins as she pours honey into her hot beverage. 
“I think it’s time I take a larger step in my life and begin doing some diplomatic work.” 
She hears the clang of Will setting his fork down too hard. After their last discussion on the matter, she expected him not to take the news too willing. The waitress looks nervously from Maddie to Will, waiting to be dismissed. Maddie gives her a slight bow, and a thank you to send her away. 
Glaring, Will examines Maddie with a skeptical look. He starts to say something before deciding not to, noticing that she’s about to speak again. Folding his hands, he decides to listen. It will give him time to cool off. 
“I know it seems like an unreachable and naïve goal Will.” She continues as she turns her hands to rest her chin on them. She looks seriously into his eyes. 
“But I’m going to start appealing to some of the countries most involved in these current wars… to see if some kind truce can be resolved.” She looks at him square, hoping her idea was making sense.
“I’ve made a lot of money and I’ve saved a lot of money.” Maddie pauses to decide how best to say what she was about to finalize. 
“I’ve made up my mind.”
She wasn’t sure if that was the best way to put it, but she was beginning to panic. At any time, she could say the wrong thing and cause him to leave her forever. She could feel him getting angry, his energy stirring like the rotations of a tornado and turning that horrible gray. ‘Perhaps I should’ve just quietly snuck away,’ she second guesses.
“Maddie…” Will forces himself to hold back his anger.Listening only made her sound even more unreachable. Too much had been getting to him. He grits his teeth as he gathers his words. Even so, he’d been hoping she was giving up this crazy idea. He runs both hands through his hair and stares at her. 
“I’m going to be traveling a lot.” Maddie interrupts. 
“That’s why I’m hiring an assistant.” 
Straightening her back like an arrow, Maddie decides it’s time to get assertive. She keeps her voice flat, her face uncompromising. There was no debating. The arrangements were already confirmed, paid for, and going through the paperwork process. There’s no way she could keep living with the nightmares if this plan didn’t get taken care of soon. 
“Maddie, I know how you feel about war…” Will uses her pause to speak. 
“…and its great you wanna make some kind of effort to do something but… do you really know anything about world politics?” 
Will’s voice was a little too condescending. He didn’t care. To protect her, he’d do what he had to. Maddie hated being patronized. She gives him a scowling stare before wrinkling her brow, half closing her eyes as she over observes him.
“Yah, I’m sure you know something about it.” The remark was fastened to his annoyed, docile mumble. Embarrassed and frustrated, he looks down at his empty plate while decides how to change her mind. 
“But seriously,” Will looks up at her with a better determined set of eyes. The colors of his stubborn efforts begin to light up. Hues of a dark green shade spark their interest in Will’s magnetic line of force.
“You’re getting yourself into something pretty heavy.” He bites back on his trembling lip. Surely she won’t get angry at him for caring.
“And do you think you’re the first person to have ever tried something like this?” With those words as an exit, accompanied by his pleading face, Will turns to stare out the window. Sighing, he scratches his head and lets his shoulders relax.
The streets were always crowded. Will holds back the frustrated tears. He watches the busy people moving along to their destinations. In a fury, he searches his clouded mind. He needed something that might get her back to reality. This idea was too insane, too dangerous. She seemed to have no broader understanding of that.
It was near impossible to get Maddie to change her mind. Once she gave him that business-faced, attitude, her unstoppable drive outlasted anybody and everything in her way. Will tries to shake some of the fogginess out of his head. He couldn’t give in, not about this. This one he HAD to win... This was way too important to just give into her like he always did. 
“Maddie… baby…” Will finally turns to face her. For the first time, he grasps the severity of the trauma. The unsolved murder was doing more damage to them than his pride was willing to admit.
The tears had won and were now beginning to glisten within his pleading eyes. Maddie notices them getting wider, his distress triggering something deeper. His mouth opens slightly. He was looking into the beyond. 
His fluttering eyes exposed descriptions of a dark skinned, half balding, ebony haired man. It looked like the light had abandoned his disturbingly beady, black eyes. He was holding a gun to her with a twisted sneer on his scarred face. 	
Burning with a self-loathing anger, Maddie’s flesh ran hot. Her eyes droop, woeful from his despair. Absorbing his pain was excruciating. She believed he was the one person who authentically loved her since her Italian parents. Hurting him almost made her want to abort the whole idea. If she couldn’t get him on board with it yet…she still just might, she reminds herself. 
“Can’t we just try to have a normal happy life?” Will interrupts.
The medications were becoming less affective. She felt herself becoming more possessive, more jealous, more obsessed over him too frequently. Her powers of control were still weak. She worried that they weren’t returning. Perhaps they went into another strange hibernation again, she feared. She needed a long break from him, or something terribly irreversible was going to happen soon. The new rounds of tests were promising. Hopefully the new samples will tell her if there has been any change in her DNA.
“Normal,” Maddie laughs to herself. Closing her eyes with a despaired smile, she lowers her head.
 “If only it could be.”Maddie takes a deep breath and faces him.
“I have to at least try Will.” 
Will swipes the tears from his eyes and puts on a fake smile to please the retuning waitress. He takes out his wallet as she begins requesting their payment options. Maddie nods her head to the objective.She keeps her lips tight. Her thoughts were heading elsewhere.
David’s etheric form was now recurrently lurking, casting an ulterior turbulence. He tried to be gentle, but he seemed urgent. His hidden communication got aggressive, reminding her of the words she spoke to him and her real mother. Always with an eager to be hopeful look, he was the coach betting on his best player, fighting to overcome the odds of a losing game. 
The message couldn’t be ignored. Maddie knew that if she didn’t get her head right, she was going to miss that right moment she was looking for. She had to prevent global disaster from striking. Her beliefs became her burdens evermore. Now because of her chosen words, the lives of billions of people were counting on her. She began to hear them in her dreams. Sometimes they had small but significant requests. 
‘Watch over my mother’
‘Watch over my son.’ The voices plead in the dark tofind their way to the human side of her heart. The voices, Maddie blinks. 
‘This is why we block them out.’ David’s voice was clear.
In her madness, Maddie was beginning to believe again that God really existed. She chose to throw away all the speculative, historical, religious literature that bore the doubts into her. The incident after the symphony was God’s way of punishing her wicked carnal selfishness. It was time to get back on the right track. 
“If I don’t, Will… I will never be at peace with myself,” Maddie deliberates. She chews the side of her thumbnail and looks at him for pity through her fallen bangs.
“…knowing I had the means to do something and didn’t.” Her pitch takes a higher urgent tone. She pauses to take a deep breath, waiting for the piteous girl inside to leave. 
“War troubles me deeply.” Maddie stiffens and lowers her eyes. Taking control of her voice, she holds her hands crossed in front of her.
“When I think of how many innocent lives are taken...” 
She drifts off. The somber air collects around her as she remembers the many people she knew who never returned from Vietnam, from Korea, from Italy to England. She still sometimes saw their burned bodies in her nightmares. Their ghostly, dismembered corpses, clinging to her nurse’s apron, begging for her to save them. 
Will exhales his surrender to her. Watching her face fall, her attitude change, was a sign for him to calm down. An uneasy feeling crosses between his shoulder blades.Maddie’s face spoke of too many witnessed deaths. His only hope was that perhaps in time, when she begins realizing how impossible it was going to be actually execute this idea… then he can get her to see his point. 
“OK Maddie. Let’s try.” Will’s desperate, protective, visage stabbed sharp guilt pains into Maddie’s heart. “Where do we start?” He gulps back his frustration.
The natural enthusiasm left Will’s voice. He gets up to follow her lead. Maddie ignores his red flags. In time, when she shows him proof, she’d get him to see her idea was going to work. 
She forces a tight smile. Regaining her calm, Maddie uses her energy to encourage Will’s optimism. He never really was. For her sake, he pretended to be, and she knew it. 
“We start…” Maddie says as she loops her salmon-colored handbag over her shoulder.
 “…with the right assistant.”



chapter  39 OBAASAN


“You know most people in Japan don’t use cars, right?” Will’s profound chuckle fills the air, as Maddie carefully maneuvers the tiny electric, two-seated black car around a crowd of people. 
“I know.” Maddie’s face was tense and concentrating. She managed a constricted smile for him. 
“I’m just not ready to use public transportation.”
“Perfectly understandable Maddie,” Will nods.
He turns to look out the window. Who would want to miss the views of the impressive, country hillsides in Japan? He thinks. Living in the city had never been his forte. Sighing quietly, he rests his arm on the window frame. 
He still couldn’t understand why Maddie was becoming more distant. Over the past five months, she was physically and sexually there, but she wasn’t into him the way she used to be. Her passion was pulled elsewhere. The love making didn’t suffer, but she was always tense. The incident in the parking garage had to be the reason. He prayed there was nothing else.
“Hey, I bet you’re ready to start unpacking tomorrow.” Sensing she was reading him; Will plays a nervous joke while fiddling with his hands.
Peering through her large lens, dark-shaded sunglasses, Maddie releases a touch of a smile. The excitement was creeping into her. She thought about finally getting to start seeing the new modern furniture and traditional Japanese décor she ordered. Not to mention the new tech gadgets. How she appreciated technology. 
Will’s tension was thick today. The gray over his aura was as dense as a wet sheet. Though he did his best to pretend, he wasn’t interested in her traveling plans. She knew his real agenda. Her next idea would hopefully fix that.
“How would you feel about your grandmother moving into the lower part of the house Will?”
Maddie carefully lets him in on her thoughts. Blinking at the offhanded query, Will turns to look at her. The offer came as a surprise. Being that Maddie always seemed to want to avoid intimacy with other people, this was an idea that she never made him aware of her considering. 
“Not right away of course, but possibly later on?” Maddie quickly adds. Will wrinkles his brow. She was serious.
“I don’t know Maddie.” Will tries to imagine the three of them living together. Unhappy with the results, he shakes his head slow.
“To be honest, I don’t think she would like it.” He returns his gaze back to the breathtaking view. For a moment, he sits in silence,appreciating the tranquility of the countryside, mulling over the best way to explain to Maddie. Her moodiness could be unpredictable and at times, over sensitive.
“Her biggest issue would be that we are not married you know.” Looking her way again, he remarks with a tender, remorseful expression. 
“I mean… she’s really true to her values of tradition.” Pulling his face tight, Will throws his hands up as he speaks. This wasn’t in his control.
“I didn’t really think about that.” Maddie replies biting her bottom lip.
Maddie’s tension was cutting off her breath. Visions transmitting from Will’s thoughts fill her head. The two of them were happy and enjoying having a family. Watching the image, she curses herself for being so careless. This visit already had her nerves on edge. 
‘Great, as if there were no pressure before,’ she thinks while trying to control her mood. Her stare was dedicated. Her eyes fixed on the winding, narrow mountain road. 
“I hope you don’t expect me to pretend like I don’t care about you Maddie.” Fearing to make things worse, Maddie remains silent… Sometimes it was better to let Will think he had an opinion.
“I know I wouldn’t be able to fool her. I can’t be dishonest with her.” Relaxing a little, Will places his hand on her thigh. Maddie needed his support. This was a new way of life for her. It wasn’t turning out to be the slightest bit easy.
“I don’t think you realize how disrespectful she will see it if I tried.” He gently squeezes her leg. 
“She’d know.”
“I understand.” Maddie answers. Taking more deep breaths, she contemplates the best way to handle what’s coming at the end of their drive. 
“It would be wrong of me to ask you to do that to her.” Keeping a straight face, Maddie pauses to test his reaction. 
“I’ll never ask that of you.” The little car begins to descend down the mountain. Maddie’s hands threaten to tremble. 
“I know what she means to you Will.” She finally adds when he doesn’t reply right away. Maddie licks her lips and cuts her eyes his way.
Her GPS reminds her that they were only ten minutes away from their destination. She was getting queasy. Her body stiffens. She tries not to frown. The road straightens out and they begin to see small houses in the distance. Maddie’s brow shifts anxiously as they get closer to Obaasan’s prefecture. Some of its inhabitants were outside tending to patches of gardens. 
Once they get closer, Maddie slows down. She needed more time to prepare. Will refused to let her out of going. This was supposed to be ‘good for her’he claims.She did her best to prepare by polishing her knowledge of Japanese culture. She was grateful the people she tested it on were kind and patient. In fact, interacting with them was actually quite pleasant. Their structured way of life was becoming a comfort to her, far different than places she’s experienced before.
‘Everything’s gotta be perfect.’ She prays. Five minutes away, the GPS informs. 
“I hope she likes the gift I picked out.”
Maddie was failing at hiding her nervousness. In Japan, no matter the occasion, it is common hospitality to always bring a gift to the homeowner one is visiting.
 “I’m sure she will Maddie. It’s very pretty.” Showing his concern, Will rubs her leg. Her voice was filled with more anxiety than usual.
“Everything will be okay Maddie, don’t worry.” He comically consoles, trying to get her to smile. 
“It’s not like we’re visiting the emperor.” Often, Will’s jokes found themselves in the wrong place at the wrong time. Shrugging, he reaches up to pet her freshly washed hair.
**************************************
The wooden shoji door where Will’s grandmother met them was constructed with window-like paper squares. Maddie wants to gasp at the sight of Obaasan’s aura. She’d never seen emerald green this bright before. It seemed to extend out in a brilliance that made her look much taller than she was. They bowed very low to her and she returned the gesture in unison. 
 Just inside the door, in the small narrow hallway, they stop. Will and Maddie take off their shoes. They put on the cotton slippers waiting for them on the clean, wooden floor. Maddie politely offers the present of coconut and candied fruits she picked up from a popular gift market in town.
 Adorning an elaborate, sophisticated, purple bow, the store owner wrapped the present in a beautiful white rice paper. In her professional way, Maddie informs the balding man that she wants it to look its best. The owner was eager to grant her wish. 
The small, decorated environment of Obaasan’s house charmed Maddie. With its simplistic but well-placed design, the objects seemed to create their own form of harmony. Obaasan escorts them to the olive-green, engraved sofa before disappearing down another hall. Maddie adjust the cushions then sits down. Her own nervousness was making her crazy. The short, round woman returns carrying her gift. Her lilac kimono rustles as she makes her way to the couch. 
“Thank you very much for your present dear,” she speaks and tries to keep her English clear. Obaasan makes a polite bow and settles herself in the large, hand-woven, wicker chair beside them. 
“And I must also thank you for your abundant generosity towards my grandson here.” She waves an aged hand toward Will while not taking her suspicious eyes from Maddie.
“Granting him passage to visit his grandmother before I die is indeed, very noble of you Maddie-san.” Frozen by Obaasan’s stare, Maddie doesn’t know what to say. She begins to feel as if the old woman was able to see every lie she has ever told. 
“That’s because Maddie is a kind and generous lady Obaasan.” Will answers on Maddie’s behalf. 
 The weight of her gaze makes Maddie want to squirm. Trying not to fidget, she re-crosses her legs and clasps her hands in her lap. Obaasan finally shifts her gaze toward Will. 
Her gentle, oval face lights up in a warm glow as she offers him a genuine smile. Hearing the whistle of the tea kettle, Will stands up, kisses her cheek and bows before walking to the kitchen. Obaasan rubs her arthritic hands while watching Maddie fumble with her gift. 
The two ladies sit in silence, both regarding each other with compiling curiosity. Maddie could not get over the magnificence of her aura for a woman of her age. It was compelling, captivating and she coveted it. The old woman suddenly frowns, lifting her wrinkled face to the air with her nostrils flared. 
“Maddie-san forgive me, but I believe someone has put fish oil in your soap, dear.” She remarks politely as she leans back in her favorite resting spot. 
Midway through untying the light blue bow Maddie stops. She feels her heart quickening. She thought the woman’s silence meant that she was waiting for Maddie to unwrap the gift. Afterall that was part of the custom wasn’t it? Confused, blushing, she crooks her mouth to one side as her eyebrows scrunch together. 
No one’s ever mentioned any kind of odd smell to her before. Perhaps they were too good-mannered to mention it. ‘Or afraid.’ Trying to hide her panicked reaction, Maddie lifts her wrist and sniffs. It was definitely there, but weaker through the lotions she applied. Maddie’s mental quickness made way for her to recover her composure. 
“I’m so sorry if it offends you Obaasan.” Maddie’s pitch was too high. She speaks and blinks a little too fast.
“I have a skin condition that...” 
Getting no strong signals Maddie trails away from the sentence. Her mind draws a blank. How she wished her senses were working. This woman’s aura wasn’t as easy to read, nor take energy from. 
Sensing Will coming back, Maddie looks up. He appears carrying a large wooden tray that was painted black. On its surface, it held small, round cups and a matching opal-shaded, ceramic tea pot. There was also a tin container of tea bags, and some of the coconut rice candies. 
Maddie shivers. A troubling energy demands her attention. She casts her eyes sideways, realizing that Obaasan was still waiting for an explanation. Maddie races through her mind for medical terms, but nothing chose to surface.
“I have a skin condition.” She finally says in a small, closed-case voice. 
Looking at the two women, Will sets the tray down upon the round, wooden coffee table. Obaasan thanks him. She begins to pour tea for everyone. Waiting patiently for his cup, he looks from Obaasan to Maddie. In a questioning gesture, he raises his eyebrows to Maddie. Maddie responds with an innocent shrug.
“That is unfortunate my dear.” Obaasan signals Maddie to take her cup of tea. Her small, close set eyes were now free of suspicion while she enjoys playing hostess. 
“Obaasan lived in America for a while too Maddie.” Will takes one of the tea cakes. “She chose to come back here though.” 
“I can understand why.” Maddie replies before taking a sip. The tea had a slight gingery tang to it, but Maddie felt it collaborated well with the other spices in the brew. Thank God Will knew how to change an uncomfortable situation around. 
“Japan is a very beautiful place, almost magical.” Maddie states as she tries to calm herself. She wasn’t having much success.
“I’m sure we will enjoy it here.” She fights to take control of the situation. 
Will was perplexed. Siding with his stomach, he arcs forward to pick up his cup and another cake. His brow furrows seeing the uneasiness in Maddie’s posture. Chewing slower, he looks over to his Obaasan who is casually drinking her tea. Though her eyes were happy, they were distant. He could only hope whatever it was Obaasan said wasn’t too much.
“How are your eyes doing Obaasan?” Will asks while lifting his cup to his mouth. 
“Oh, they are not as bad as they appear grandson.” She informs with great pride. 
For the first time, Maddie notices the filmy, gray substance hampering the elderly woman’s sight. Maddie stops her mouth from opening. The grandmother’s steely gaze probably would have continued fooling her if Will hadn’t pointed it out. 
 “The doctors say they can do this...” Obaasan pauses and waves her index finger in a circular motion, as if summoning the words. 
 “.... laser surgery.” She translates. Her English was barely ever broken, just slowed down.
"But I don’t know yet if I want to do that.”Steadying herself, she reaches forward, to put her cup back.
“I’ve been getting along just fine for an old woman,” she chuckles.
Reaching for the chair arm for support, she gets up. Will makes sure he has no crumbs on himself before standing up to offer his help in the kitchen. Watching them together, Maddie wants to feel jealous. Obaasan stops to give Maddie a curious look before hobbling out of the room.
Just for reinforcement, she bows her head and recites a prayer to one of her favorite catholic saints. Returning to the prayers of her catholic upbringing, empowered her with some of her favorite memories. She could hear Obaasan fussing at Will. Thick, savory aromas fill the air.
From her carry bag, Maddie retrieves her tablet and opens the digital organizer app. To take her mind off the stress this visit was causing, she decides to work on her travel plans. All the current places were in relation to the notes she valued most, the notable ones, acquired and written over decades. 
“Hidden secrets waiting east.” 
How many times had she heard that sentence in her dreams? David. As far as she knew, he was the only other person of their race to live among the humans on land. The others looked down on them.
Will was bound to protest some of her destination choices. She could already hear him make his argument about her going to Iran, and the Middle East. She was ready for it. It’s where the majority of the military conflict was currently taking place. There’s no way she could pass it up. 
“Does she cook for you too?” Obaasan asks as she washes an array of fresh vegetables.
“Yes Obaasan.” Will gives an embarrassed laugh. He wasn’t surprised to see she was still as straightforward as always. Since birth the two of them had a strong, unique bond. It had been too many years since their last reunion.
“She just has some very important clients she has to email back before a certain time.” Will explains in his best cajoling voice. 
“She cooks very well grandmother,” he assures, “many types of cuisines.” Stirring the pot of noodles, Will shuffles from one foot to the other. Obaasan’s interrogations could turn any warm place cold.
“Mmm…” the old lady murmurs through her pursed lips. Cutting the vegetables with a straight face, she mulls over how to approach her grandson about the unusualness of his partner. And not just her smell. 
“You have known her awhile as I recall,” she finally declares. In a typical motherly fashion, she pushes Will away from the stove. She adds the vegetables in a large pan of hot oil; then seasons them with some of her best, homegrown spices. 
“For almost 5 years.” Will steps out of her way and sticks his hands in his pockets. Grandmother was just getting started.
“Are you… courting her?” The way in which Obaasan chose to enunciate the words, ensuring a careful warning was attached to them alerts Will that he better tread lightly. 
‘Damn. Whether I tell the truth or not; the result is gonna end the same,’he acknowledges through a somber stare to the floor.
“Not really.” Will’s answer was quiet. Obaasan could hear it clear, the tension welling up in his throat. Maddie was the problem, the one pulling away. Though his answer may have been quiet, she could feel her grandson’s disappointment.
“Mmm,” she murmurs again turning off the stove. She rubs her hands on her apron and turns around. 
“William-san, man befriends a girl that long usually ends in a good match.” Nodding her head, she turns around and motions him towards the cabinet to get out the dishware. 
“Yes Obaasan.” In a low, respectful voice he agrees. He walks over to the stained, brown cabinets to retrieve the dishes. 
“I think that marriage is getting closer to happening.” Satisfied with his retort, he nods his head. 
“She’s a good person Obaasan.” 
He knew it wouldn’t be easy, but Will needed his grandmother’s approval of Maddie. It wasn’t an actual lie. 
“I certainly hope so my favorite grandson,” she says with her back turned to him. Even then Will could sense her scowl. 
‘This is gonna take some time,’ he admits. He watches her a few minutes more before going to get Maddie. 
 She was posed on the couch in a perfect, graceful stature. ‘Whatever she’s reading must be pretty intense,’ Will notices. Looking up, Maddie’s face changes to reflect her puppy love for him. After putting her tablet back in its bag, she stands up to be escorted to the dining table. 
They sit comfortably perched on large, flat, black cushions, made of some heavy corduroy type material. Obaasan gives thanks in Japanese with a prayer Maddie was wishing she understood. Aside from them chewing and slurping the delicious rice noodles, the three of them eat in silence. 
Will and the odd girl exchange starry-eyed gazes. Even through clouded eyes, Obaasan still catches every noteworthy moment. Will’s expression remains candid; Maddie’s, suspicious. Returning herself to her dinner, Obaasan keeps her feelings locked tight so as not to not upset her already troubled grandson. She feared he was losing his sense of identity.
There was something far more disturbing going on than they were about to reveal, the wise grandmother intuited. Like it or not, she had to avoid making things worse. Her grandson already appeared to have more stress on him than he could handle. The endearing grandmother worries to herself throughout the meal. The fate of her grandson in this constrained union was erected on shaky foundations. 
From time to time she made sure Maddie felt her probing glances. The weird girl had a practiced way in which she portrayed herself to the outside world. But there appeared to be another inside. It was unnatural. Something about her was so young, and yet also very aged. Whatever it was, Obaasan was going to make sure the girl knew she was watching them. With a proud modesty, she smiles to herself for having control over the visit.
**************************************
“Do come again my dear.” The gilded old woman spoke, chasing the nervous couple out of the kitchen. 
Eager to ruminate in silence, Obaasan hurries them along, back to the hall to gather their shoes and other belongings. Maddie didn’t like the confusion, the unknowing. How was his grandmother able to hide herself from Maddie’s mental prying? In part, she was also grateful that Will’s grandmother was rushing them away. She was getting a headache. Though the thermostat was set low, there was an uncomfortable, pressurized heat. 
‘Perhaps Obaasan is just tired,’ she hopes as she rubs her temples. 
 Feeling defeated wasn’t something Maddie was used to. She was always in control. No one who challenges her wins. And no one ever had the power to change that before. She was eager to go home and rethink her strategy regarding Obaasan. She was going to need her to become a very active part of Will’s life in the coming months ahead. 
Obaasan gently pats Will’s back as she walks them to the front door. As any gracious host, she thanks Maddie for the gift, bowing with courteous respect while Maddie puts her shoes on. Maddie equally thanks the lady senior for the beautiful, red, handmade throw pillow. 
 “I do hope we will get to spend more time together Maddie-san.” Like a small miracle, Obaasan manages to refrain from making any romantically suggestive remarks. 
“I look forward to getting to know you better.” She states in a genuine tone. Her face was soft, but her words hit their mark. Maddie catches herself frowning.
The girl wasn’t ‘real’. But it wasn’t because of plastic surgery or prosthetics. Something in Obaasan’s instincts warned her not to be fooled by naive appearances. She secretly prays the bond between Will and Maddie fades as fast as possible, and not leave too damaging an impact on her poor, lovesick grandson. 
The peculiar American girl seemed like she had no true idea of who she was, or how she was supposed to behave. She was like something inhuman trying to be human. Rubbing her sore hands, Obaasan ponders the possibilities of mental illnesses. With her lips pressed tight, she watches them descend down the tiled path toward the street. 
“Well…” Sensing her distress, Will does his best to lighten the mood. He grabs her free hand and gives it a light squeeze before releasing it again.
“That wasn’t too bad was it?” 
Winking, he flashes her his charmed artisan smile. Playful and gleaming, his dark blue eyes danced with energy. Looking into them Maddie smiles. Lowering her face, she brushes her fingers along the top of his hand as they approach the car. Thinking over the evening, Maddie smirks and gives him a small shrug. Staying attentive, she walks around to the driver’s side. 
“It could’ve been worse.”



chapter  40 THE WALL OF WATER


Maddie anticipated the next couple of days with anxious dread. Soon that uncontainable monster will be returning; like clockwork. ‘Special treatment’ time again. She stops packing and grabs the bed. 
Another wave of dizziness rises from the pit of her stomach. Clamping her eyes tight, she bites her lip. She stands up straight to try to control the shakiness in her legs. Three days left. Leaving her just enough time to get there and settle in. 
“I want to hire Yuri.” Following her instinct, Maddie cocks her head and calls over her shoulder to the sound of the door opening. 
Keeping her pain hidden, she half turns so that she can get a full view of Will strutting towards her. ‘God, I love to watch him walk.’ She can’t help telling herself. His sensually intense eyes devour her figure as he walks up behind her. In a quick delivered step Will wraps his arms across Maddie’s chest. He bends down to kiss her cheek. 
“I’m sorry I have to leave you with this Will,” Maddie continues. With a real smile she hugs him back, soaking up the light in his affection. 
“I think she’ll be the most reliable.” She considers out loud. Bending back toward his body, Maddie rubs her cheek against his neck. 
“And I liked her attitude… didn’t you?” She asks after taking the chance to kiss his neck.
“I believe you have made a fine choice.” Will approves. 
Aroused by the loving she was giving his neck, Will takes in a deep breath. Closing his eyes, savoring his rising enthusiasm, he cuddles himself against her back. With a contented smile, he bends lower to smell her skin. That irreplaceable flavor. Giving her a little moan, he presses his lips against her ear.
‘I miss this,’ he thinks. ‘Nothing as warm and exciting as holding her sweet body.’
For the past two weeks he was pulling out all stops, trying to reconnect with her before she leaves for the retreat. His Obaasan’s comments were now constantly nagging him. The doubts that he and Maddie would ever be close again were growing.
Will’s longing for the old Maddie pressed him into catering to her every need. If only she wasn’t so stubborn.He holds her a few minutes more, before she turns around to look at him. Her eyes blaze a flirtatious lust. Will feels his pleasure points accelerating. Obediently he takes the signal. He reaches down, places her chin in his hand, and slowly kisses her lips.
“I’ll miss you while you’re gone Maddie,” he murmurs in a husky voice. 
“But don’t worry. We’ve got a lot unpacked, and I can take care of the rest.
Maddie blinks to break the spell. She rubs her hand through his hair. Clenching her teeth, she tries not to look at him with too much pity. Her stomach begins to threaten her peace again.
Feeling her wince, Will soothes her lower back. Maddie pushes away the pain. With it came the thoughts. The ones that want her to panic. Every time she considered being away from Will, she felt like her chest would cave in. She blinks twice; returning her attention to his strong, sexual, auric signals. She reaches up to push his face closer to hers.
“I trust you Will.” She whispers to his lips. Her voice was honeyed with dreamy enticement, meant to confuse and distract their prey. 
 Pressing her chest closer to his, she gleams. Eager to kiss him, Maddie opens her mouth and offers Will her tongue. Her energy pulls at his, hungrily taking it for its own. Smiling, Will kisses at her tongue and lets his hand move to her breasts. She wraps her other arm around his waist, drawing his body closer. The poison in her lips wants to respond. Sighing into his mouth, she begins to lose herself in their kisses. 
The serum from her mouth enters his bloodstream fast. Will draws back a moment. In a haste, he pulls off his black tank top. Staring into her eyes, he wants to determine the sincerity of her advances before proceeding. He was dying for the opportunity to enjoy her body again. But only if it was genuinely mutual, and not just out of pity or regret from ignoring him. 
“Are you sure Maddie?” 
His hands didn’t want to stop exploring her breasts. Will bites his lower lip, hoping she doesn’t change her mind. Instead, she allows him to take command. He lifts her by the waist. Panting, Will nudges her body onto the bed. He pulls up her ivory and rose stained dress to her hips and spreads out her thighs.
“I’m sure Will,” she whispers open-mouthed.
Will rubs her thighs up and down, stopping to pull her panties down a little more each time. If she saw him drooling, he didn’t care. Watching him, Maddie rubs her wet lips across his neck. 
She lets her fingers slide across his neck, guiding his face closer to her stomach. Leaning back, Maddie removes her bra before lying back down on the lavender and gold embroidered comforter. With having to control her emotions constantly, she might as well enjoy this time while she still had it. 
“Please God let this bring her back to me.” Will prays.
Breathing a sigh, he unbuttons his pants. With his body, he pushes her further onto the bed. She rests her soft skin on her mountain of blacksilk pillows. Maddie closes her eyes as she arches her back, lifting her hips up in offering motions. 
Will takes his pants off. Breathing deep, he feels his blood pumping harder. He moans low as he licks his mouth before putting his face between her legs. He couldn’t control his hunger. Wasn’t sure why anyone would want to. The smell of Maddie’s sex made it hard for him to not to go wild on her. 
Maddie lets her body’s pleasure needs take over her. The ultimate, climatic, erogenous feeling of letting completely go was something she longed to allow herself more of. Her body writhes and rocks with his. She encourages him to roll over and begins riding him, rocking her hips at an increasing pace to climax.
******************
“You didn’t forget anything important, did you?” 
Will jokes in the busy airport. In reality, there was never a time that Tokyo that wasn’t busy. With a dreamy smile, Will plays with Maddie’s hair. 
“I’m sure.” She announces as she looks around with a timid gaze. Turning to the man she loves; Maddie wraps her arms around his shoulders and sighs.
Looking behind him, she lets her eyes follow the sounds of the people moving, the artificially intelligent creatures talking, and the whir of electronics beeping. A focused chaos of intended purposes. In a quick move, she puts her head into his chest. She didn’t want Will seeing the emotions she was absorbing from the distracting atmosphere. 
In places like this, Maddie’s vulnerability was always elevated. Often, she was afraid of changing on the plane and devouring every mortal body present. Ever since the terrorist attack in New York, a new level of tension seemed to encompass an airport’s environment. And then there was the worry that she’d finally get nailed for the murder in California.
Will hated spending too much time in places like this. High security, and Japan’s high tech could lead to their arrest if they got caught. Pushing his worries aside, he holds her tight. Feeling her warm, tense body trying not to tremble, he casually shifts his eyes through the crowds. Relaxing a little, Maddie sighs. 
“Ok then,” he says down to her. “Let me know when you get there okay? I know Wi-Fi isn’t allowed in the treatment center,” he offhandedly complains.
“They just find that people seem to focus on healing faster when they are less distracted by electronic devices.” Maddie explains.
Shaking her head, Maddie states her defense. Saturating the moment, she looks up at him to appreciate his face. Watching his features change initiates Maddie’s to as well. The sharpness in his cynicism stabbed her with disappointment.
Will wanted to understand her illness more than anything. It tortured him while she was gone. Too much uncertainty leads to insecurity. And right now, he was full of both. He looks for clues in her face. Still holding onto her lovely waist, he gives her a little squeeze. She was less cold and distant than before, but her nervous tendencies seemed to be getting worse. Gathering his strength, he forces a supportive smile. 
“I understand Baby. It’s cool,” he reassures her. Stalling to leave, he checks the crowds again. 
Straightening her posture, Maddie forces herself to get a grip on her anxiety. It was becoming a serious concern. She couldn’t even keep herself from panicking when he was running late from the grocery store. Through her research, she learned that staying focused on something that made her feel good, helped her to stay calm. They were using the concept to try to treat PTSD. Nothing in the world made her feel better than Will. Keeping her eyes on his face, she reaches over to grab the handle of her luggage… 
“I’ll give Yuri a call tomorrow to let her know.” Will informs her. He learned that keeping a solid plan and communicating it with his beautiful, paranoid lover kept her from getting overemotional. 
“I’ll have her up filling out paperwork this week.” Will promises.
“Do you want me to go ahead and give her the spreadsheet, and to-do lists you are assigning her with?” His head knew he was supposed to walk away, but he couldn’t make his feet listen. 
“Yes, please do.” Maddie requests with a straight face. 
Dreading what was to come, she stalled for as much time as possible. The excruciating pain in changing never got easier. And she still wasn’t closer to understanding why it started. Awakening Maddie from her frustrating conundrum, her flight announcement bellows out over the loudspeaker. 
“Well I guess it’s time.” Slouching, she lets out a low sigh. 
“I’ll call you just before I reach the treatment center,” Maddie confirms. 
Will heaves out a great a sigh and spits out what’s on his mind. “I love you always Maddie. Come back to me feeling better ok?”
The emotion in Will’s comment left her speechless and ready to cry. With an excessive force, she grabs him to squeeze him as tight as she can. Her fears were growing in power, eating at much of her time. Those obsessive, covetous thoughts wanted to win. The animal in her spoke, telling her to take him and lock him away in her room. Slowly taking in a few deep breaths before pulling back, Maddie fights to stay in charge of herself. 
“I’ll see you soon, I promise.” Maddie smiles at him. 
Before she was able develop another horrendously irrational thought, Maddie forces herself to turn around. Will’s face crumples. He considers calling after her but decides against it. This was hard enough at it is. Watching her walk away, he says a silent prayer for her safe return and wipes a stray tear from his face.
**************************************
It always begins the same. But the violent, electric shocks throughout her nerves was to her the worst physical part of it. Even worse than those hideous, slimy scales ripping through her skin to get out. Maddie lay self-chained in the bed, staring out at the snow falling beyond the window. Visualizing his smiling face, she tries to focus on the calm vibrations she receives whenever Will was nearby.
The force from the shocks in her legs cause the bed to tremor. Maddie whimpers from the unspeakable pain. As if there were anyone around the secluded, self-paid for cabin resort to hear anything. Owning the major part of the stock in the place, gave her the power to see that it remained ‘vacant for repairs.’
‘I’ve got to find an answer to this.’
The intermissions between the pain are short lived. But they were a welcoming relief, a breath of a moment to regain some energy, to prepare for the next brutal round. Maddie tries to use breathwork she read about through the needed breaks. She tried to imagine how humans would react to changing like this.
‘I can’t keep doing this to Will.’
Sweat beads roll down her temples as she closes her eyes. Trying to stay in control, Maddie breathes slowly in through her nose, releasing it out from her mouth, bringing herself to a calming meditative state. She was beginning to feel dizzy again. How many days has she been here now? 
At times she would completely lose consciousness, have nightmares, sometimes of being eaten by a shark. Only she wasn’t herself. Before the shark lunges, she looks into the water and sees the face of Nero. 
“‘At least I won’t have to worry about keeping this from Will as much when I go on my expedition.’
With no warning, Maddie’s legs violently start to rattle the bed.The bones start to pull themselves in an outward position. She feels her hips bending to the will of the change. This time the pain strikes hard enough to make her cry out, not caring if she is heard. The octane level of her scream was loud enough to hear from quite a distance. {She had to have shatter proof glass and accessories installed after her first few visits.}
“Two more days, just two more days.”
 Her nerves cause shockwave after shockwave of pain spasms. Maddie’s face crumples into the pillow. She bites down on it, trying not to scream. Giving in, she releases the host of her agony. 
Beaten with exhaustion, Maddie can’t stop herself from uncontrollably sobbing as the torture subsides. Begging for God to make it stop, she grips the pillow tighter. Her feet were becoming hot. The seize upon her nerves, was descending. Maddie cringes from the cracking sound. The bones in her lower back twisted and contorted themselves, pushing her legs closer together. Her hips continued to bend and widen. The scales should start any minute now… or later tonight. 
Maddie produced a way for searching, recording, and keeping track of her abnormal activities. She had to see if there was a pattern to this, concerto of horror. The worst discovery was… if she was still having these attacks, her DNA wasn’t becoming closer to human.
**************************************
Hoarse, raw, and forsaken from having any voice left, Maddie wakes up staring at the ceiling. So many horrified faces… running, screaming, as the smell of a large surge of forthcoming water mingles into the churning, windy air. Maddie raises her hands up to her face level to try to determine which image was actual reality. Car horns fill her ears, franticly driving away from the impending jet sped wall of water drawing near. 
Trying to shake it off,she sits up fast. Buildings and trees are collapsing as the distant sound of people call out to one another to run. Maddie closes her eyes and takes in a shaky, deep breath. Opening them again slowly, the images fade. 
The nagging feeling from the airport returns. After removing the restraints and getting off the bed, Maddie throws on a white robe baring the resort’s logo. She hurries over to the Venetian embroidered chair to pull her phone out of her bag. 
“There shouldn’t be a message from Will there yet.” Her raspy throat wells up in fear, dreading to press the open key. 
“Maddie, there’s been an earthquake…and a huge tsunami. No damage here but it’s really bad north of Tokyo, and my grandmother is missing. Please come home as soon as you can. Love Will.” 
Maddie almost drops the phone. Manic and fatigued, she looks around the Swedish coffee table for the TV remote. Switching on the large, wall mounted, flat screen, she doesn’t have to search for the news. It was everywhere. 
The site was enough to paralyze anyone. Maddie drops the remote. The anchorman’s voice is rapid and high toned. The corresponding camera crew are still filming the developing devastation. Watching the water consume everything at an aerial view shook her to the core. Her whole body was trembling again. Maddie bends down to get the remote to turn up the volume. It was almost a complete replication of what she saw in the ‘dream.’
“Did I do this?”
clothes she was wearing as she continues to listen to the broadcaster.
Giving his account of the unfolding events, the man was now in tears. Maddie didn’t bother herself with changing or unpacking much of her oblong, rolling suitcase. Her skin was still freshly pale blue, and so she worries the makeup could run off from the oils left on her if she doesn’t shower before leaving.
It doesn’t take Maddie long to move from the small bedroom area to the bathroom. The cabin was about the size of a one-bedroom apartment; complete with a small, never used kitchenette. She turns the hot water on and activates the shower heads, before quickly running back to the TV to listen closer. The reporter was announcing which cities were damaged most. With dread in his voice, he releases a new statement that a large nuclear plant in Fukushima took a hard hit. 
‘No… no… no… this can’t be happening.’Maddie can’t take it. She denies it even as she watches the live broadcast. 
‘God please don’t let it get too hot, please help them keep it under control.’
A quick rush back to the now steamy-aired shower. She washes herself, driven by the urgent need to be at home. Will was probably freaking out by now and trying to find a way to look for his Obaasan. He didn’t say much. Her home could’ve been swept away as well. She prayed the old woman got enough warning to get to higher ground in time. 
Maddie turns off the shower, steps out, and grabs a towel. After wrapping it around her body, she goes back into the living room to retrieve a pair of fitted denim jeans, and a plum colored sweater. She can’t tear her eyes away the news. Hot tears are now streaming down her face as the feelings all of those poor people begin intruding her again. It was hard to fight the guilt. 
‘Impossible,’ Maddie announces, pulling the sweater over her head. 
‘I couldn’t have done this.’ A heavy, desolate sigh exhales from within her chest.
‘How could I be responsible… this far away?’ 
Devouring everything in its path, the seizing water continues to roar. Maddie felt like everything was moving to slow. She looks around for her shoes. Her biggest hope now was that they were still allowing airport services to land near the disaster. 
Once arriving, she’d find a way to reach Obaasan’s village no matter what. She knew that’s where she’d find Will. If she wasn’t able to contact him, her plan was to just go there and search for them both. Thoughts from her dreams remind her of what to expect.
Maddie ties her long hair into a ponytail before turning off the TV. She reaches for her car keys. This may have an effect on delaying her near future, travel plans.Jumping in the compact, rental car, she races like a bat out of hell to the airport. She’d buy a damn plane if she had to, but she was going to get home.



chapter  41 AFTERMATH OF CONSEQUENCE


“Maddie?” Will’s voice was too high and especially panicked. 
“Yah it’s me Will.” The sound of his distress prompts Maddie to step on the gas pedal harder.
“I got your message.” She assures. Picking up speed, she navigates her way through the narrow mountains. 
“Thank God.” Will proclaims. The shakiness in his voice made it harder to hear him. 
“Yeah. I’m almost there.” Maddie holds firmly to the phone as she focuses on not crashing into the mountain.
“This is so horrible.” Choking back her tears, she swallows hard. 
“I can’t believe this is happening Will.” She purposely speeds through a stop sign. 
“I know, Baby. I’m glad you’re okay though.” Feeling a little better, Will clears his throat.
“Hey, my aunt called me. Obaasan got out in time. She was able to make it to my aunt’s. Its far up on higher ground so… no damage up there.” Though relieved for his family, Maddie could hear Will’s sorrow for the rest of the people of Japan. The damage was going to be unforgettable, permanently changing the environment worldwide forever.
“Oh thank God.” Maddie lets go of some of the tension in her back.
“Yah, and don’t worry… Yuri and her family are ok too.” Will announces as if reading her thoughts. Then he takes a deep breath.
“But Obaasan’s house is gone. The whole place was wiped out Maddie.” Will pauses and rubs his head.
“Like something just came in there with a God sized bulldozer and pushed the whole damn place into a pile of nearby farmland.”
Maddie’s heart sank. A nauseated feeling was rising from the pit of her stomach. Getting closer to civilization, she remembers to check the speedometer and let up on the gas pedal. Overwhelming her all at once, her emotions were a jumbled blend of a dangerous, chaotic cocktail. 
“Oh Will I’m so sorry!” Maddie empathizes.
“I’ll be home soon, I promise. My flight will be arriving tomorrow morning. I can rent a car if you aren’t able to pick me up.”
“Ok.” Will answers with a sigh. Let me know if you have any trouble.” Will takes another slow, deep breath. He was so close to having a seizure.
“I’m on my way out to my aunt’s house now. I’ll let you know what’s going on in the morning and we can go from there.” 
‘Please stay in control.’ he begs himself. The piles of endless stress were finally getting to him. He rolls his eyes at the oncoming road. Traffic was starting to get thicker, encouraging him to seriously consider pulling over for a few minutes. The dizziness was starting to make it hard for him to see the road.
“Everything is so crazy right now Maddie.” The remarks came out in a weak breath. 
“Most of the main roads are either blocked or washed away. I’m having to take the long way around.” 
“I can’t believe this is happening Will,” Maddie repeats. Hearing the trembling, childlike tone in her tiny voice, Will tightens his face and summons the strength to be consoling. 
“Me either baby.” He bites his lip hard, hoping the pain will help push back the seizure.
“Just get home to me safe okay?” Cursing under his breath, Will looks down. His hands were quaking like leaves before a coming hurricane. He starts looking for a safe place to make an emergency pitstop.
“I gotta go Maddie,” he says weakly… He puts on his blinker to pull off the road.
“I love you.” 
Off the phone and breaking the connection, Will’s unstable, physiological condition finally hits Maddie. At once her eyes go wide. She looks around the closest roads to make sure there isn’t a lot of traffic. Biting her lip and wrinkling her forehead, she pushes the gas pedal harder. 
**************************************
Maddie didn’t fully understand Will’s colossal description until she saw the wreckage for herself. Like he said, it was as if an angry god or a giant had taken its hand, and in one sweeping motion pushed everything in its path in a fury of a tantrum. Relieved that Will was driving, she couldn’t take her eyes from the window. They passed mile after mile of debris, piled higher than some of the houses themselves. It didn’t seem as if it would ever end.
“Why did you turn back?” Maddie doesn’t turn around. 
“I forgot my medication.” Embarrassed, he shyly admits.
Will risks taking his eyes off the cluttered road to look at her. His face was paler than a sheet of rice paper. His eyes had heavy, dark circles beneath them. 
Though she seems to sense something amiss, he wasn’t about to bring up the seizure, followed by the overnight hospital visit. He was clever enough to sneak out before he was supposed to be discharged. He had to be at the airport in time. Truthfully, he did stop by the house to grab his medicine before getting back on the road again.
Wrinkling her nose at the residual, watery smell, Maddie chews on her lip. Her face stayed frozen in an emotion that was really no emotion at all. This was one of few times she didn’t want to stay locked in her compound, hiding away from the world. No matter the cost, she was determined to offer whatever kind of help she could...
Will reaches over to stroke her hair. He was gonna have to keep a closer eye on her now. Maddie was gaining a history of having spontaneous, emotional breakdowns, randomly bursting into tears for no understandable reason. He believed it was all the travel, from being overwhelmed by too many public areas. He finally decided to convince himself that some people are just naturally over sensitive. And right now, it didn’t look like the treatment helped at all.
“I wish I could do something more for you Maddie,” he says to break the silence. Maddie pushes a lock of her hair from her face and over her ear before turning to look at him. 
“Thank you,” she murmurs. Managing a tense but sincere smile, Maddie reaches up to take his hand in hers. She lays them to rest on her thigh. Taking in a tired heavy breath, she looks out the window again. 
“So much destroyed.” She exhibits a trance-like speech, her eyes fixed in a paralyzed, far away expression. 
“Why didn’t I stop this from coming?” Maddie doesn’t realize she is mumbling. Her voice presents no direction as to whom she was speaking to. 
“What did you say?” Crooking his mouth, Will gives her a confused look. 
“What are you talking about Maddie?” 
 Moving slow, Maddie turns to look at him again. Her eyes were red from crying. She wanted to tell him her secret so bad. As if somehow by a miracle he’d understand, turn into Superman and fix everything. 
Without blinking, Maddie continues to stare at Will, trying very hard to remember something. Of all the violent shocks, this one was hitting her the worst. Finding the memory information she needs; she removes her eyes from him. 
“I don’t want to talk about it right now.” Maddie’s voice was as frazzled as his nerves. She blinks a couple of times, and then looks down to her lap, breathing slowly.
“This is just… so much to take in. Cities destroyed… homes… people’s way of living. Their jobs… their history… their livelihood…” Her lips were trembling as a fresh set of tears rolled down her cheeks.
“How can they ever recover?” Maddie pauses to stabilize herself.
“This amount of catastrophic devastation is going to be hard on this land for a long time now Will.” Narrowing her eyes, Maddie straightens her shoulders.
“And it worries me what kind of position that puts their Parliament in. And with the radiation leak...” Maddie’s voice trails off. 
“I believe you are probably right about that,” Will recants. Though grateful, there was a grave tone of sadness haunting his voice. 
 “Oh,” Regaining consciousness she waves her hand. 
“Think nothing of it.” 
The colors in Maddie’s differentiating emotional energies couldn’t keep themselves together. Their hues pulsed and kept a faded washing over them.
“She’s your grandmother Will… and she just lost everything. It’s the least I can do for her.”
 Maddie is able to break free of the spell producedby the dark, grayish-black air devouring the country. She looks over at Will with a serious expression.
“But I’m afraid it will never erase the trauma from what’s happened to her… or to you.”
tilts her head and tenses her lips.
Feeling the change in her attitude, Will squeezes her hand. Keeping his eyes toward the dusty windshield, his heart is heavy for his Obaasan. Tensing his face, Will straightens his shoulders, forbidding himself to look weak and pathetic. It was his duty to cheer her up.Anytime he failed he criticized himself hard. Not knowing the secrets she kept held him at a disadvantage. 
“This shit is so unfair for them Maddie.” Will grits his teeth.
 “Japan has already been through so much.” He steals a glance of the broken buildings along the road.
 Infecting the air were great blankets of dust. Death’s energy was everywhere. The clouds rose like skyscrapers, created from the collision by the force of the raging sea. It was recorded to have been caused by one of the biggest earthquakes of their time. Maddie fought to silence the ocean’s call.
Will drove in silence for a while, belittling himself for his failure to the women he loved. Frustrated and at a disadvantage, he runs a hand thru his hair. Looking over to Maddie, he wasn’t sure what to say to her. He was having trouble getting himself out of this despairing mood. Who in the world had a right to feel positive at a time like this?
“I want to start a campaign to help them.” Maddie breaks the silence. Will’s self-loathing was too much for her, and she had to do something about it.
“Hey, that sounds like a good plan.” Raising his eyebrows he answers.He was starting to feel a little lighter. 
 “We are going to have Yuri come by in the next couple of days to start working on it.” Maddie began conjuring ideas immediately, feeling that if she didn't lift this dark mood in the car she was going to asphyxiate.
“I’m sure she will be glad to help.” Will says, keeping up the positive turn of the mood. Maddie smiles the first genuine smile of the day, then pulls out a small note pad and pen from her purse.
“Then let us waste no time beginning. Let this be the start.” Feeling a swell of pride, she looks over to him with a freshly lit fire in her eyes.

“We’re going to save the world Will.”



chapter  42 SAVE THE WORLD OR SAVE THE GIRL

Maddie and Will get Obaasan set up in the lower bedroom of the house. It was conveniently accompanied by its own large bathroom, sized enough to house both a shower and tub. Narrowing her eyes as she inspects her new living quarters, the old woman tries not to comment too much about the over-grandeur. The two rooms together were almost the size of a small apartment.
Obaasan was sure that Maddie saw the unhidden look of shock on her face. They drove up to the cliffs where Maddie’s house lay concealing, perched, boldly constructed to be stories above the ocean. Blushing with embarrassment, Obaasan quickly recovers from her horrified expression with a serene, humble smile. 
She did her best to show her gratitude, eager to help around the house with the cooking and cleaning, ignoring Maddie’s polite protests. How odd she found it, that the young lady felt the need to surround herself with so many tangible objects. And how quickly she acquired so many to fill a whole room in the short few weeks she’s lived here. 
 Perhaps, Obaasan supposed one night as she was cutting onions, that there was to be a purpose for her having to come here. The tension between her grandson and his lover lessoned from the last time she saw them together, however Maddie still portrayed an attitude of concealment about her that Obaasan committed to remaining vigilant about. 
Maddie kept glancing toward Obaasan, wondering how much she was really able to see. Her, Yuri, and Will sat gathered around the black, glass coffee table. Getting used to Will’s sharp eared grandmother living there was taking more time than she anticipated, and no less awkward than the day they met. Maddie’s senses still resembled a blank page, continuously failing to discover what hidden state of mind lie beneath the surface of the aged woman’s interior. 
She gives in and turns her attention to Yuri. The perky girl’s enthusiasm was refreshing after the stale energy Maddie had been absorbing for the past week. Happy to listen in respect as Yuri goes over her ideas for setting up shelters and supply locations, Maddie takes notes. The sight of Yuri’s neat and pristine, color coordinated notebook and folders makes Maddie smile. She was definitely the right assistant.
The tragic invasion by the murderous tsunami had stolen lives from Yuri as well. Her Uncle and his family were still missing with no real hope of being found alive. There were scarce occasions, miracles of survival. What resources were left were low. The whole world watched and held their breath as citizens were discovered under large piles of twisted concrete rubble. The worst part of it was the poison the radiation was leaking, straight into the wailing ocean.
“These are very good ideas Yuri.” Maddie beams, proud to compliment the young girl’s compassionate efforts. 
“I’m glad you decided to take an assertive approach. I like to see my assistants take initiative.” Yuri’s face shone with delight. 
“Hai, thank you, Miss Maddie,” Yuri replies with a proud nod. 
“I am so glad you approve. I want to do my best to try to help the people of Japan.” Though the grief was fresh in the girl’s eyes, Maddie knew her integrity was true. 
“Giving them shelter and provisions is giving them something to stay strong for,” Maddie affirms. She looks down at what she was writing. 
“And I think eventually we can start the work/loan program so some of the able families can start rebuilding new businesses.”
“Yes Miss. We are a proud people with a rich history of achievement.” Yuri takes a moment to smile. 
“We do not like to have to rely on help from outsiders.” Seeing Maddie blink in confusion, Yuri quickly adds:
“With the exception of you Miss Maddie-san. You are not an outsider to us.” Maddie smiles at the compliment.
Yuri couldn’t be more grateful to have found employment with such a charitable, empathetic mentor. Noticing him watching her, she takes a quick glance at Will and smiles politely before shifting her gaze back to Maddie. Maddie was holding the end of a pen up to her lips as she was looking over some spreadsheet information on her laptop. 
“I want you and Will to get started on this tomorrow.” Holding onto her last thought, Maddie lowers the pen. She turns her view to Obaasan for a moment. The old woman appeared to be still focused on her crocheting. 
“Go out to the first location. Talk to the fire chief and the police chief. Find out what you need to do to set up.” Ignoring Will’s surprised expression, Maddie keeps her attention on Yuri.
“Get contacts of any businesses up north willing to truck in all the supplies we are going to need.” Maddie closes the laptop. She smiles apologetically to Will. 
“As you like, Miss Maddie.” Yuri informs as she finishes jotting her notes. 
“I will be sure to be here and ready to start whatever time is best for you.” Still worrying she may have offended Maddie with her ‘outsider’ comment, Yuri was eager to show her boss the capacity of her honor.
**************************************
After that, everything began to accelerate at a racing speed. Once her new aid and her treasured lover departed together, Maddie stayed in her office. The over excessive worrying mood she was in made her not feel like being around Will’s grandmother today. And the old woman was a sneaky one. 
Maddie was now almost sure Obaasan was looking for a way to convince Will to leave for good. All she had to do was collect the proof. She attempts to open some of the unpacked, labeled boxes; only to find herself carelessly sifting through them. Frustrated with herself, she goes and sits in front of her computer again.
Biting on an unpolished nail, Maddie tries to review the website she was putting information in. As she scans over the data, her mind drifts into recalling Will and Yuri’s body language while they spoke to each other.
“The energy between them circulates very well,” she tells herself. 
Yuri’s serene, youthful face appears in her mind. Maddie freezes. She feels her skin flushing. Getting up again, she walks back over to the tower of boxes. With a blank expression, she stands over an opened box, staring inside as if it were from another world. At once she sees the image of Will, playfully flirting with Yuri.
“At least you found him a good companion Maddie.” At the sound of her name, Maddie’s face tenses. Though it was her own voice, she still looks around for its source. 
“No!” She hisses out through gritted teeth. 
“He’s mine.” Maddie’s eyes flash like bolts of lightning. She shuffles angrily back over to the large oak desk, pausing to drink her tea before sitting back down in the chair. 
Closing her eyes, she tries to calm herself before staring at the monitor again. Staying focused was getting harder. She finishes typing in her travel data with flight itinerary included before retrieving another website. From there, she finishes transferring funds from some of her bank accounts. 
“You should’ve known… He was never supposed to be a part of what you chose to initiate...” Maddie’s face twists at the disturbanceas she turns around to look behind her. 
Getting weary, she sighs. Maddie looks around again. She was getting annoyed. Seeing nothing, she straightens her shoulders and turns back to the computer. 
Clicking her tongue, she hits the key to awaken the printer. Satisfied, Maddie walks over to a mid-sized, silver refrigerator. She takes out a bottle of opened wine. Going to the cabinet where she keeps a few glasses, she removes one before heading back to indulge in her weakness.
 Images from the tsunami form as she gulps down the first glass and pours another. From the corner of her eye, she sees something move fast across the large hanging oval mirror. 
“What if you could have saved them?” The voice intruded again. 
“What if this obstacle you call a relationship prevented you from saving those people?” 
Maddie doesn’t realize she’s clenching her jaw until it starts to hurt. She closes her eyes to push the memories away. She shakes her head, then gulps down a second glass, followed by a third… The dark jade frame of the heavy mirror shimmies, out of Maddie’s view. She sits the empty glass down to resume her to do list. 
“Wasn’t it the whole reason you truly hired her after all…to find him a partner?”
“Stop it,” Maddie hisses into the empty air. She spins around to hunt for the elusive voice again. Her face leers, her eyes wildly scan the room.
“Why do you plague me like this David?” She asks the empty room. Silence...
 “So, you’re not going to respond, huh?” She yells. 
“Then don’t speak to me again.” She reaches to pour herself another drink. The wine bottle was already half empty. 
“You have to let him go Maddie.” Maddie was now enraged. Without thinking, she spins around and hurls the wine glass at the wall.
“Stop it, stop it, STOP IT!”
Her screams filled the room. She notices movement across the mirror again. Maddie hurries over in a flash. Standing before it, she is trembling with rage. Her hand was still holding the bottle. She watches a ripple pass from the top and move to the bottom of her reflection, revealing David only for a second before he was gone again. His expression was intense, but worried.
“Leave us alone!” Maddie was now screaming loud enough to be heard downstairs. 
“Do you hear me? Leave us alone! He’s mine, and I don’t care. I will be happy! Leave us alone!” With her last word, she hurls the wine bottle at the mirror, covering her face from the explosion of shards. 

“Oh William-san, you must come quickly.” Obaasan’s voice shook with every syllable.
“I am afraid grandson.”

When he arrived, Maddie was already passed out in her room, half slumped over the bed. Will straightens her body, pulls the covers over her, and kisses her head before going back downstairs. Obaasan was in the living room, wrapped in her favorite green robe. Shaking, she tells Will of how she heard Maddie screaming in her study and then the sound of a mirror shattering. 
“She wouldn’t come out all day William-san. I went up once to ask her if she was hungry, but she politely refused.” Obaasan wrenched her hands in her lap, her eyes turned down as she spoke.
“She was really tense this morning Obaasan.” Will replies.
“She must’ve had a lot to drink if she’s sleeping this deep,” he fears. 
“Something’s wrong with her William-san.” Fretting with worry for her grandson, she watches him eat. This was no time to be silent about her perspective. 
“I think her mind is somehow sick.”
“Grandmother,” Will pauses and gives her a tired frown. “Why do you say that?” He asks through bites of food. 
“I don’t know if I can explain well.” Her words come out slow. She deliberates as she sips her tea. 
“It’s like she… she torments herself with her thoughts.” Agreeing with her analysis, Obaasan nods. “William-san…” the grandmother expressed with firmness.
“She was talking to herself.” The old lady puckers her lips and nods. “She is ill.”
“She’ll be ok Obaasan. He excuses with a sigh. She’s just got a lot on her mind.” Swiping his spoon around in the tangy sauce one more time, Will tries to finish it off quick and get away before his grandmother got too deep-seatedinto this conversation again. 
“She’s still adjusting to living here, and now this disaster happens.” Taking his empty plate, Will stands up to walk to the dishwasher.
“That right there is enough to make anyone’s mind feel tormented.” He shrugs his shoulders and raises his eyebrows.
“It still torments me to think about what happened.”
Will hated feeling rude towards his grandmother. He was happy to have so much respect for her. Sadly, he was forced to avoid discussing Maddie with her at all costs. The conversations were always tense and never ended in Maddie’s favor where his grandmother was concerned. 
Realizing he must be in denial; the elderly woman listens to his excuses with patience. Inside she shivered in fear. Hearing her yelling to the empty air was disturbing enough. And then the mirror. This was not just the actions of some drunken outburst. But to inform her sweet, naïve grandson without more proof would only upset him further. 
“I do hope you’re right my grandson,” she replies in a small stressed voice.
“I just worry that she might have a jealous streak in her, so please be careful.” Frowning to him, she takes another drink of tea.
“Of course, Obaasan.” Will kept a soft tone for his grandmother. He walks over and kisses her on the cheek. Standing up, he gives her a clever smirk. 
“I’m always careful.” He gives Obaasan a respectful bow. “Good night.”
“Good night William-san,” she manages to smile up at him.
Through her half blind eyes, she watches him turn to walk toward the main hall before getting up. With a heavy, strained sigh, she begins to pick herself up from the overpriced, cherrywood dining chair. The whole evening had been far too strange and frightening, much like most of her stay there. 
It seemed to start out okay with Maddie being just as polite as courteous as she could be. But as time went on, she sensed Maddie growing more and more uncomfortable with her, avoiding the old woman’s watchful eye. Obaasan decides to pray to her ancestors before she goes to bed. It was one of those nights where she needed extra help.



chapter  43 BROKEN SANCTIONS


‘Maybe Obaasan IS right,’ Will thinks with a wrinkled brow. 
He watches Maddie’s sullen form walk to the living room. Her distant expression and sunken eyes told of how mentally exhausted she was. Without a word, he makes her a cup of coffee and sets it down before her. 
“Thank you,” Maddie blinks, speaking in a low tone. With her eyes half closed, she reaches over to pick it up. 
“Everything went well Maddie.” Will announces trying to keep a positive vibe in the room. 
“Yuri is making sure work begins immediately. She’s setting up according to your instructions.” 
“No problems I hope?” With a flat, emotionless attitude, Maddie watches the stock report on the TV across the room. 
“None whatsoever.” Beaming with confidence, Will drinks his brew. 
After a few sips, Maddie finally comes to life. She turns to look at him. Seeing the way, he was proud of himself made her smile in return.
“Good,” she accepts as she sits back. Afraid to ask, Maddie approaches the next subject like broken glass.
“Did you work well together? Maddie blurts out. “She didn’t give you any friction, did she?” 
“No.” Will grins at her.
“She’s great Maddie; very polite, respectful, imaginative, full of ideas and enthusiasm. She’s a lot like you actually.” He adds with prideful cockiness. 
Maddie’s heart sank. This was the death blow, the final nail in the coffin. Her mouth twitches. Hearing this affirmation, brought everything from last night back with clearer definition. Doing her best to seem unaffected, Maddie struggles to keep a professional face. Inside she battled the conflict between the decisions she wasn’t ready to make. It wasn’t really a matter of choice.
“I’m going to finish unpacking my office today.” She tells Will. 
“OK.” Hiding his concern, Will reaches over to caress her hand.
“Do you have a preference as to what you want me to unpack next? Obaasan and Yuri have been helping, with my supervision.” Hoping to get her in a better mood, he flashes his charming allure.
“No.” Maddie forces a smile. 
“Anything is fine.” Retracting her hand, she stands up. Watching her attempt to retreat as fast as possible, the defeat hits Will hard. Obaasan was right.
In the quick of an afternoon, Maddie arranges to meet with Yuri for lunch in private. Holding back her jealousy, she keeps her senses sharp to the vibrations of the young assistant’s behavior. She notes closely Yuri’s disappointment when she states that Will won’t be joining them. As she’s finishing up their conversation, she hears Will approaching the bedroom door. 
 Stopping to smile at the way she’s posed on the bed, he admires her crossed legs tucked beneath her. Licking his lips, Will looks her up and down. Maddie hangs up the phone. She looks up into his eyes with an innocuous stare.
“Yuri is emailing some documents I need to sign. Budget approvals, material approvals, employment, payroll… things like that.” She takes a long, uncomfortable look at the sexual energy around Will, motivating her to change positions.
“I’m probably going to be up for quite a while tonight.” Maddie announces in a casual air. Half ignoring her words, Will moves toward her and reaches for her waist, pulling her into hugging him. 
“Always the busy lady, wanting to save the world.” He murmurs in a husky voice, trying to seduce her with his eyes. 
 “I understand Maddie.” 
“And you always know how to make me laugh don’t you?” Maddie replies as she lowers her head. She pulls away gently.
The voices were coming back. Tempted to frown, she makes for the door. ‘Mine, he’s mine.’ Her head begins to swim. Maddie forces herself not to turn around and throw him on the bed. There was another sound emerging, one all too familiar. Resting her hand on the doorknob, she turns to look out the window, cursing the lull of the waves. She had to get out, but not before he knew. 
“I love you.” Maddie smiles. The melancholy on her face was giving Will the worst anxiety. 
He had to find a way to save her. 
“I love you too Maddie.”
Will’s eyes shift from her to the window. Before he could think of something else to say, she was gone. How could he bring the light back to her? Feeling helpless, he listens to the sound of her feet hurrying to her office, locking the door behind her. With a determined look, he leaves the room. He wasn’t about to allow this to get any worse. It was time to look for help.
***********************************
Maddie sits across a high table in the sushi bar where the meeting was arranged. She was on her fourth glass of wine and the waitress was beginning to look insulted that she hadn’t touched her food. Annoyed, Maddie dismisses the server. Giving the server a cold, rebuffed glare, she tells her not to return for fifteen minutes. 
Shocked and speechless, Yuri looks around to see if anyone is staring. Lowering her shoulders, she tries not to appear uncomfortable. Then again, everything about this meeting was strange and uncomfortable. She lets her eyes apologize for her boss, as she gives the poor waitress a quick bow.
 “I’m going to be gone a long time Yuri.” Maddie’s intense stare was focusedon her wine glass. 
“I’m counting on you to maintain everything the way I request. No one is to know about this until it’s time.” 
Maddie takes a long drink from her glass. Normally Yuri wasn’t the type to get nervous around people. After watching Maddie’s drinking problem grow, her concern came with it. She continues writing herself notes to avoid watching Maddie drink.
“Most importantly…” 
“I want you to take very good care of Will. Best a best friend to him. Do you understand what I mean Yuri?” With her eyebrows raised, Maddie stares at Yuri until she looks up at her.
Holding her pencil frozen in midair, Yuri cannot hide her disbelief. She was unable look away from her employer. The conversation was far from anything she was expecting. This unusual request just made it a lot more alarming. 
Until now, Yuri had always believed Will and Maddie to be inseparable. This was the first time any kind of long term, long distance plans had been brought up. She feared going against the richest employer she’s ever had, but she felt it safe to confide the disturbing idea to her mother. For now, she smiled and went along with everything Maddie said. 
“Hai.” At home, Yuri was always taught to nod in respect to acknowledge her boss. 
“Yes Miss. I understand.” The troubled girl pauses. Her eyes search for words she wasn’t sure she should speak. 
“No questions asked.” Reading her mind, Maddie interrupts. 
“When the time is right, everything will be brought to the surface Yuri.” Maddie’s voice trails off as she considers Yuri’s hidden thoughts a moment. 
“Will is a wonderful man Yuri, but he and I will never be more than just friends.” This admittance drove the knife into Maddie’s heart that had been pressing upon her for the past week. She bites down on her lip. 
“He needs this to move on Yuri, to get over me.” She admits, not hiding her pained expression. 
Through a despondent sigh, Yuri regards the strong, vibrant person she had come to know. What could have changed Maddie so much to bring her to make these decisions, she worries. Yuri didn’t like these plans at all. It wasn’t uncommon to accept arranged marriages in her country. But she craved freedom and adventure.
“I will do everything exactly as you say Miss Maddie.” Fearing to disagree, she reassures her boss. 
“And not to worry, I will use the upmost discrepancy as you desire.” Yuri’s smile was the bond that sealed the deal. 
“This shall remain between us, Miss… I promise.” 
Maddie’s response was a slow dejected smile. She expressed a haunted look in her eye as she considered Yuri’s thoughts. Her head was swaying from the wine. The music was making her feel sick. She nods and looks down to her glass. Perhaps she WAS drinking too much 
“I’m glad I can count on you Yuri.” Her words were slow and becoming slurred. 
The moment was hard to swallow. The affirmation that Maddie fought so hard to deny was going to continue to grow stronger. She was becoming a monster because of Will. Her heart felt like it was going to float away. 
Nodding to Yuri and getting up from the table, she takes her leave as quick as possible without a word. The plans were becoming finalized. And now she had to get away before she did what monsters do.



chapter  44 THE ART OF KARA KIRI


To keep from falling apart and calling the whole thing off was the worst feeling Maddie had to endure. She arranges for Will to pick up Yuri after lunch. The list of assignments she gave them should keep them busy until dinner. Promising Will they would talk about this ‘depression issue’ when he got back ended up being the only way to get him to agree to leave. 
‘Why does everybody blame everything on depression?’ Complaining seemed to only make it worse. The positive forms of energy couldn’t hold together. The house atmosphere was condensed, polluted, foul, infected with an irreversible aural virus.
Holding the empty wine glass, Maddie slumps into the couch. She listens to the sound of the car pulling away, then reaches over to the table. Breathing in a slow, indifferent rhythm, she grabs the bottle to refill her glass. Opening her mouth, she takes in a long breath, letting it out as she looks around the room. Her soft face felt the pain in this failed subjugation. Maddie finishes the drink before standing up, taking both glass and bottle into the office. The cold air of the grey, negative energy trailed behind her.
“Don’t think about it Maddie, just do it.” 
She walks over to a large, mahogany display cabinet with dated Celtic carvings. Inside, she pulls out a priceless Japanese smithed blade, known as a tanto. Its brilliantly painted wooden sheath was a well-considered creation, customized and fitted for that specific blade. She feels her hands shake as she stares down at its sophisticated lettering. It was a prayer, meant to keep the home safe.
“There is no other end to this Maddie.” She spoke to herself as if she had split in two, two energies separating into two individuals.
“You know now. It’s him or you.” The greyer one spoke more predominantly
 Considering the words a moment, she then walks back to the table. She sets the knife beside her wine glass. An unusual, unfamiliar smile crosses her lips. Her vacant eyes inhabit a hallowed stare, as she congratulates herself. 
The herbal creation she placed in Obaasan’s tea was not only effective, but apparently undetected as well. She grabs the three items and staggers back to her bedroom to undress and put on her robe. 
‘Are you really going to do this Maddie?’
‘He needs you.’ 
Maddie squints. It helps her to see the flickering, shadowy energy in the bedroom corner. Its bright orange and yellow textures were fighting off the grey better than its counterpart.
“How wrong you are.” Maddie announces out loud. She finishes tying the silk straps wrapped around her robe. 
“This life with him has caused enough problems. I’ve wasted too much time already…” She allows herself to feel the pain. In three beats, her face crumples. For half a measure, her tone changes.She writhes out the words in a fruitless whisper… 
“I could’ve saved this place.”Looking around, Maddie is forced to see the memories in black and white, replaying before her. 
‘How could you have become so stupid Maddie?’ She strides at an angry pace over to the table to drink from her glass. Its delicate,crystalstructure shimmies at her approach.
 ‘What happened to the focused, ambitious person you were?” Maddie’s fury picks up speed. She hisses more malignant stabs at herself.
‘You’ve grown weak and soft.’ Her breath is heavy. She picks up the tanto again. Holding it eye level, she glares at the paintings on the wood before putting it in her pocket. 
“It never should have gone this far. But you couldn’t give up, could you?” The darkening grey self, continues to taunt her, following her at an even pace. Taking its advantage, its craving to consume her grew indomitable. 
“You were too proud and stubborn to admit there is no cure. You’ve become so pathetic and vain, searching for something you will never find! And how many people had to suffer for it at your selfish cost?” Maddie grabs the sides of her head and squeezes her eyes hard.
“Stop it! What’s done is done now. I have to save what I can of him.” She defends. Realizing her breath is running hard in her chest, she stops yelling.
“I’ve ruined so much….” Maddie gulps. She couldn’t stop the sulky tears anymore. 
“I have to at least do this for him.” Maddie’s eyes and voice lower on the same beat. Reaching inside her robe, she clings her hand around her weapon.
The grey voice pushes harder, infiltrating her mind with a swarm of maddening thoughts. It sucks at the energy in her lungs until her breath becomes shallow, and her eyes were lost in a dizzying, tumbleweed of darkened reasoning. 
‘What happens to a mermaid when we die? Do we have a soul? Is there a place of punishment as in other societies of religious philosophy?’
“I don’t care,” Maddie answers in a dull, exhausted voice. There was an eerie acceptance in her sigh.
“He deserves to be free...” The grey voice acknowledges. The light in Maddie was almost drained. 
After drinking the last glass, she sulks her way to the back door. She steps into her sandals before heading down the small trail, to the rocky cliffside. 
“It’s the only way Maddie.The only choice that’s left. You have to pay for what you’ve neglected to do.” Drunkand bold, she stands looking out at the ocean, her toes suspended over the edge of the cold rock. 
“It’s the only way to make everything right.” The wind taunts the smell of salt, but the song didn’t play. 
“Where are you David!!?” Her defiant, violent screams roar out into the open water. 
“Are you not going to try to stop me… to save me?” The grey energy held her close, nourishing her self-punishment.
Silence was the only response. No David, no ocean mother. The human in her breaks through. Her eyes race faster around the scenario before her. Her breathing was short as it rapidly passed through her nose. Tears take over her sight. 
The happy memories fight to make their appearance. Unable to block the emotions any longer, Maddie’s entire body breaks down into sobs. She backs off from the ledge. Her madness finds its way of releasing everything. Controlled by the grey’s impulsive state of desolation, she reaches in and takes out the dagger.
Through her sobs Maddie removes her robe.She moves back to the fatal edge of the sharp mountain. Taking in a shaky, deep breath she takes out the blade, looking out at the water with a solemn blank expression. Saying nothing, she drops the sheath to the ground. 
The remorseful wind sympathizes. In gentle stirs, it brushes her long hair across her nude back. With no reaction to respond to, the wind slows until it is gone. Sighing, Maddie wills herself to break from her hesitation. 
“I had to Will.” Maddie’s voice explains, loud, and lifeless. The grey thing wasn’t letting go. Created by negative energy, it continues to grow.
 “I had to do what was best for everyone.” Maddie’s hopeless gaze looks out into the water, waiting. 
s to her wrists, fillingwith blood before it spills over onto the rock. Maddie listens to the high pitched, clanging sound of metal and wood hitting the ground before she closes her eyes. Allowing the release of control, her body plunges forward over the windy cliffs and into the roaring, crying sea. The grey let’s go and moves on. The ocean’s song begins to play. 



chapter  45 THE LETTER


Tears fell freely onto the crumpled page. Fearing it would disappear the way she did, Will held tight to the letter. His emotions were swirling in a raging tempest as he death-grips her neatly typed words. He reaches up and wipes his face while shakily lifting his beer to his lips. Obaasan lingers but remains nearby. Occasionally, she sniffles into a red andgold handkerchief. 
“Why did she wait until today to send this?” Will mourns to her last texts. 
His own words couldn’t hold themselves together. Stuttering, broken, and like the rest of him, Will’s voice was too emotional to stabilize. He sets the glass bottle between his thighs before forcing himself to face the letter again. 
‘I’m so sorry I let this go on as long as it did.’ Maddie’s departed tone rises from the wet pages. 
‘I really wanted to believe that I could find a cure.’
Her words seemed so desperate. Will’s heart continued accelerating. This has to be a nightmare, please let it be a nightmare. Frustrated, he couldn’t handle the disbelief, the fantastical, unreal stories in the letter. Frantic, his hands scramble to find the first page again:
‘When I was three years old, I was pulled from the water.’ 
The dizziness was getting worse. The rigorous beating in his heaving chest echoes in his ears like a hammer. Will fought to breathe. The barrage of outlooks balled up in his stomach begin to make him nauseous. 
It wrecked him completely to imagine Maddie standing out there, alone and depressed. The vague details received by the local prefectural police, only ignited his imagination’s more gruesome ideas. From the latest report, he was told that they still haven’t found any trace of her body. They didn’t expect to either, not with the caves and sharks below.
“William-san, I think that’s enough of reading that for now.” Obaasan calls from the corner with a stern frown.
“How many times are you going to read it?” She calls.
“How many days?” Shaking her head, she groans with a heavy sigh. 
“It will not bring her back grandson.” Hearing her own tone, Obaasan pauses. She may have been too harsh she decides as she winces. Removing herself from her watchful post, she brings her mentally mangled grandson a hot cup of tea. 
“You’re making yourself sick my grandson.”
As she reenters the room, Obaasan’s empathy returns. Her face reflects with pity. She sits beside him, coaxing him to drink the tea. Will takes large gulps from the mug. Obaasan takes the moment to analyze how much physical duress he was under. 
“Oi…” she gestures to him. “You’re going to go lay down for a while. Rest while I cook us some soup. The chill in the air calls for something warm and spicy tonight.”
were slumping, shaking. His eyes didn’t want to focus anymore. He sits the cup on the table then lowers his head to comply. With a malcontented grimace, he looks at the pages again before placing them back in the envelope. Taking a deep breath, Will straightens himself upright. He wasn’t about to let his grandmother see him have a seizure. 
“You’re right Obaasan.” Wiping at his eyes, Will nods. 
“That’s very good advice.” Fearing someone would hide it, he keeps the letter in his hand. 
With all the tremors going on inside him right now, Will decides standing up slow is best. It wasn’t easy, pretending that he wasn’t as sick as he was feeling. His head was still spinning, half from the booze and half from upsetting himself. But Jesus who wouldn’t be? Before heading to the bedroom, he musters a grateful smile to his worried grandmother. 
“Please let me know when dinner is ready Obaasan.” Will gives her a wobbly bow. Even that display of respect was better than none at all.
Looking at the letter, Obaasan shakes her head and gives him a small bow. Waiting, she watches him stagger down the hall. The fret and fear were growing daily for her grandson’s health. This catastrophe was worse than the breakup she anticipated. Holding onto the side of the couch she stands up.
Hysterical, overcome, Will was ready to lose his mind when they discovered the bloodied blade, and sheer, silky, black robe. No one could convince him that it wasn’t murder. For days he wandered the house and grounds like a lost soul. And then the mail delivers this confusing letter, as if Maddie was determined to keep her hold on him from her grave.
“I’ll come check on you soon William-san,” Obaasan warns. 
“And you’d better be sleeping.” Taking a firm stance, her voice was thick, emanating a maternal, imperious tone. Hearing his door close, Obaasan moves to go to the kitchen.
*********
“Why did you do that to yourself Maddie?”
Will whispers in the dark, staring at the ceiling in a blank haze. Feeling the tears slide down his temples, he rolls over to grab Maddie’s pillow, cradling it between his arms to sob into something that still smelled like her. 
“How could any of that be real?” His mind argues. His anger wanted control.
“You could’ve just told me the truth Maddie.” Trying to regain his breath, Will keeps his eyes closed, and allows himself to take in the scent of her rose shampoo.
Aside from certain aspirational charities, Maddie left everything to Will. It was a rushed haste of legal paperwork, attached to the descriptivism in her letter. Will struggles to understand, what led her to have completely lost her mind. Unable to rest, his suffering bombards him with question after question. There was no understandable way to grasp this mermaid possibility as a reality. Had she really become that mentally ill?
Some of her admissions were convincing. They coincided with the odd, unexplainable things she did over the years. Thinking everything over, he realizes why she’d been obsessed with science, and the child like regression she entered when she was looking at the water. Will makes his hands into fists. But how could she hide this for so long? He felt like such a fool. 
“Maddie…” he murmurs as he reaches his hands up to rub his face. 
“You didn’t have to do this to leave me.” 
He was abandoned. Her isolation was beginning to make sense though. She always spoke with an unexplainable depression. The endless, torrential rage of confusion continues torture Will, casting a dark scowl over his face. The police closed the case, presuming that her body had most likely been consumed by sharks. Suddenly he felt the urge to run to the bathroom to empty the contents of his stomach.
“You’re such a coward Maddie.” Glaring, he whispers his anger into the empty room. 
He lay there, letting himself absorb the ruthless pain in his heart. Her haunting words held him tight, her memory violated by anger. Unable to accept the absence of her presence, Will reaches over and picks up the bottle of sleeping pills. He takes two out and swallows them with a swig of beer. His face wilts, the mental exhaustion was taking its toll on him. Lying back, he closes his eyes and attempts to force away all memories of her. 
“No way will I ever stay here,” he sulks. 
“I don’t want to ever sell it either Maddie.” Turning his head, he speaks aloud. Will listens, halfway hoping to hear her response. The silence only frustrates him more.
“You have no right to tell me what to do with the rest of my life,” he growls through his teeth. 
“Damn you Maddie.” Will closes his eyes. His pride would never let him consider taking his own life.
Pulling the blanket closer he rotates to his side. His body enjoys relaxing more. The pills were taking effect. His mind was now unable to hold onto any particular thought. 
‘You should’ve tried to let me help you Maddie, if this were all true.’ He lets himself think as he begins to drift off. 
‘No one should ever have to feel alone.’
Will fought to keep from letting the waking world go. Why should he care how long it would take for his anger to subside? Too many of her proclamations left too much for him to handle. He was overrun with responsibilities now, and all his anxiety wanted to do was investigate into her mermaid claims first. 
She probably had information hidden all over her office. She was smart to keep this secret so expensively guarded. Always stocking her library like a hi-tech fort. But what a secret to keep.
**************
The sea… such an entity of masked, misleading impressions. The wind heralding in on the white caps, shot ghostly mists into the evening sky. The sound in the rise and fall of the waves, create additional extremities to the doomed attraction, waiting for those who were not vigilant. 
********
“William-san,” the old woman calls to him. Struggling through her own turmoil and loss, she walks toward the emotional, battle-stricken young man on the balcony. Unresponsive to his grandmother, Will continues gazing at the ocean. The sad, circumstantial hope in his eyes never falters.
“Why are you still out here? Obaasan wraps a large quilt around his shoulders. 
“A storm is coming.” She purses lips and waits.
Will ignores her. His eyes remain tense and focused on the choppy waves. His drunken determination couldn’t be hindered. Jutting his chin, he gapes toward the horizon, watching the vivid eruptions of lightning. 
“I’m just not ready Obaasan.” Leaning on the verandah, Will finally replies without turning to acknowledge her. 
In normal circumstances, Obaasan was entitled the right to feel offended at this sign of disrespect. But her heart was filled with sympathy for her grandson’s tragic loss. Instead she stood there, consoling and rubbing his back as they stared out at the ocean together. 
Strands of her silvered hair lightly caress her face. Her eyes shift in thought, trying to gather the words that may encourage him to recover from Maddie’s suicide. There was never really anything anyone could say to someone experiencing a loss as heavy as this. Many relatives came to express their sympathy. They encouraged him to reach out and talk to someone. Nothing did any good.
 “You are supposed to start your new job soon.” She reminds him in a gentle voice. “And you are confirmed to move into your new apartment next month, yes?” 
“Yes Obaasan.” Will confirms in a dull, listless tone. He turns to face her. His heavy expression reveals the evidence of sleepless nights and too much binge drinking. 
 “I’m still going forward with that.”
 Will pauses to collect his thoughts. The effects of the alcohol were beginning to wear off and for once, he was feeling too exhausted to go to the store to retrieve more. 
“I still don’t understand why you want to stay behind Obaasan.” Will scratches his dirty, unwashed hair. 
“You’re more than welcome to come with me you know.” There was gratitude in his puffy, bloodshot eyes. How he was glad he didn’t have to endure this pain alone. There was nothing about this that was NOT confusing.
“I appreciate your offer greatly William-san.” His grandmother assures him. 
“I just don’t prefer the city.” Obaasan’s pride was apparent as she engages him with a warming smile. She was glad her grandson chose his own path instead of abiding by Maddie’s last wishes. In Obaasan’s secret opinion, that woman was mad.
“I am a country girl myself, William-san.” Obaasan reminds him. She enjoys in thought, a few happy childhood memories, then turns her attention back to Will. 
“You need to be around people your own age grandson, lots of people.” Agreeing with herself, she pats his arm with encouraging affection. Her attempts to stop the drinking were futile. All she could do was watch, wait, and pray. 
“And I feel much more comfortable being here.” Her voice crackles when she speaks, as it sometimes does. She takes a look around.
“Though this house is much bigger than I am used to, I have grown to enjoy this place very much.” She looks her grandson with a serious indication in her eyes.
“Besides, someone trustworthy should see to it that this house is maintained don’t you think?” Obaasan suggests. Shivering, she pulls her shawl tighter to block the cold attacks of the wind.
“A house should be lived in.” Obaasan continues.
“For it to remain vacant can be seen as vanity.” Solemn faced, Will nods as he considers her words. The grave, desperate expression remains unchanged. He turns from her to look back out at the water.
“And Yuri-san will come to visit me.” Obaasan was tough, but she was also compassionate. 
“So, you have nothing to trouble yourself with when it comes to my well-being grandson.” Resolving his complaint, she sighs. Drained and frustrated, she remains by his side. 
The flashes of lightning are becoming more frequent. ‘That should’ve helped see anything that was in the water out there.’ Will takes a deep, longing sigh. He wonders how long this emptiness inside him would last. He rubs his eyes and lets them rest a moment before returning to his obsession with the waves. 
Reading into her grandson’s feelings, Obaasan frowns. She knew him all too well. Tired as she was, she knew she had to find an end to this. With a stern face she changes position, forcing Will to pay attention to her. 
“It has been three months William-san.” The wise old woman points out. Her agitation was more than clear.
 “You are going to have to pick yourself up and try to focus on something else now.” She urges in a firm, beseeching voice. Seeing Will flinch, she furrows her brow and softens her tone. 
“I know you are grieving and may for a long time…” Obaasan pauses to take a shallow breath. “I must grieve too. Many are lost.” She takes a moment of silence in respect for the dead. 
“But William-san, dwelling on something that will not change and destroying your body… and your mind because of it, I will now allow.” Obaasan was not going to let her grandson to get away with his disrespect this time. To ensure her words were getting through, she takes his chin and turns his face toward hers.
“You come from a proud and honorable bloodline grandson.” She gently reminds. “I will not see you reduced to this kind of desolation.” Obaasan frowns, hoping the words get through to him. Thinking of his family’s ancient, samurai lineage helps Will to smile. 
“You’re right grandmother.” He answers, if only just to pacifier her. 
“Maddie wouldn’t want it to be this way.” Almost sneering, he cocks his head and tightens his lips, swallowing back his bitterness. 
Despite Will’s offhanded sarcasm, Obaasan continues smiling, hoping to still bring him some kind of positive reinforcement. Hearing the lifelessness in his voice made her want to soften her tough stance on him. However, she knew if she was to get him back into life, she was going to have to hold her ground. Knowing nothing more could be said this night, she slumps her shoulders and turns to go back indoors. 
“Don’t make me stay up all night worrying William-san.” Obaasan continues scolding him as she slides open the door.
“I’m an old woman and I need my rest.” She complains.
“Don’t worry Obaasan. I’m coming in right now.” Will readjusts the quilt. Frowning, Obaasan eyes him a minute longer before shutting the door behind her.
Glad to relinquish the facade, Will turns back to the sea. The bristly, thick evergreen leaves inhabiting the twisted trees, mangled from some long-gone hurricane, kept the path down to the edge well hidden. Will’s thoughts were trapped in chaos as he listens to the sound of the waves. 
“God will it ever get easier?” He mourns to himself as he feels his body tense. 
His hopes of taking the new job far away from this place to help him to get over her were diminishing. Less and less he even felt like getting out of bed, spending most of his time playing video games on his console. 
His worries for Obaasan, the stress this was putting on her, finally knocked him out of his selfish, recreational attitude. Several times she had to sit down from dizziness as she was gathering up laundry strewn among the trash on the floor. She was coming in daily now to make a fuss about him. She seemed to have acquired a constant, obsessive need to clean up the entire house. Perhaps she wanted to look for Maddie’s clues as well. 
It was a relief Yuri decided to stay on. And thankfully she and Obaasan got along very well. It was a little surprising that she approached him about continuing her employment. Yet after Will thought about it, he saw things better. It was probably something Maddie financially set aside for, just in case Yuri was interested.
Maddie always did have that way of planning for unknown future circumstances.
‘Wouldn’t it be crazy if it all somehow fit into her plans for telling the truth about herself?’ Will ponders.
Still angry with her he lets out a resentful laugh. Normal ideas just didn’t hold enough reality for him to deal with right now. It took him weeks of searching her office to find all the medical research she kept. The bizarre nonsense of some of her writings and theories still left him in shock. Human testing. She kept files, profiles and DNA, blood tests of people he never even knew about. And as she said, there had been no conclusion of finding a cure. Will tries to shake the madness away. Whether or not Maddie really was some undiscovered creature, she certainly believed it. 
“Damn you for doing this to me.” He whispers into the wind with a growl.
 “How am I supposed to move on with all the stacks of folders and assignments you expect me to take care of Maddie?” Clenching his jaw, Will shakes his head. Listening to the applause of the waves, he squints his eyes closed. Releasing a deep breath, he relaxes.
“I’ll try ok,” he says; feeling as if he could hear her speaking to him from the sleeping parts of his brain. 
“I never really agreed with that whole idea in the first place remember?” Will’s optimism was wearing out.
Keeping his eyes closed, Will lets the words resonate. An unseen, warm sensation tingles the back of his neck. He smiles and raises his face to feel the wind blowing toward him. He makes sure to open his eyes slow while he takes a deep breath. 
He’s been in the same spot every night, countless nights, and nothing of her ever revealed itself. Reluctant, Will finally coaxes himself to let go of the wooden railing. He turns to walk toward the door, trying to release his permeating feelings so he could get some sleep. He still hadn’t finished packing for tomorrow. So, he was going to have to force himself into it early in the morning. 
‘I gotta get a grip on this.’ He admits to himself, shutting the door behind him. 



chapter  46 THE BOY NEXT DOOR


Will was trying not to take too long packing. But it seemed like every few minutes he would come across something of Maddie’s. Each of these precious items hold within them, a residual consistency that was like bottled parts of her energy. When he touched them, he could hear her voice.They gave him a nauseated, delusional feeling. By unfortunate chance he found her favorite green, cotton winter robe as he was pulling some of his clothing out of the enormous walk-in closet. Her hairbrush, and favorite fountain pen, were some of the items included that seem to carry the most traces of the magnetic force housing her presence. 
‘Almost done, just gotta get through this.’ He recites to himself in a noiseless revere. 
Folding and tossing clothes in his black, canvas suitcase, Will picks up speed… before the tears start again. Looking around, he tries to be more attentive of avoiding Maddie’s things. He couldn’t find it in himself to get rid of anything. Even her toothbrush was still hanging above the sink in its decorative, case. 
Will wanted to envision this choice as a fresh, blank canvas. One he didn’t want soiled with the angst and agony that could cause him to destroy a fundamental future. His anxieties seem to quiet down. He keeps his mind fixed on this new idea. He wasn’t going to start off by worrying over the future, nor yearning for the past. 
He wanted to be ready, to start feeling better the moment he walks out the front door. He was done with letting his anger cripple him, and yet he wanted to use his anger towards Maddie as a lesson. He chose to spite her abandonment, using his resentment as a weapon to motivate him to start over. 
“This is what you left me with Maddie.” Will mumbles in a squatting position. He stuffs his toiletries into the side pockets of the suitcase. 
“And I have every damn right to be angry with you.”
 His face relaxes a little as he looks up and scans around, double checking to see if he was going to take anything else. The air in there smelled too much like her. Will’s face crumples. Feeling as if his mind were going to snap, he wanted to die any time he touched something that brought up connections to Maddie. And at times, it felt like she was everywhere. Straightening himself upright Will groans a heavy sigh and grabs the handle of his bag. 
Obaasan was waiting for him in the dining room. Breakfast was previously set out on the large, oak table. Holding her hands together, she stood there watching him settle into a chair next to where Maddie used to sit. Her small featured face was shadowed with a conflicted, unnerving expression. Not uttering a word, she sits down in one of the chairs, and begins to eat.
“I’m all set Obaasan.” Will speaks with confidence through intermissions of eating.
‘He certainly seems to be trying to feel better.’ Trying not to frown, Obaasan observes his gestures for any signs of warning.
“All I have to do is call Yuri to pick me up.” Will continues while drinking his coffee. 
“Would you like to ride with us to the city?” He turns to ask her.
Setting his cup down Will tries to smile, hoping his grandmother takes his suggestion. “You could do some grocery shopping and visit one of the temples,” he implies. 
“Perhaps we will stop at your favorite tea house there. We could even have lunch if you like.” Licking his lips, Will looks at his cup and takes another drink. Too tired to raise her head, Obaasan rejects.
“No. I don’t believe I would like to go this time William-san.” The old woman says to him.
She ate at a slow, contemplative speed. Her eyes were in a trance state of thought, seeking something somewhere beyond the trendy, space-aged, robot kitchen Maddie designed. She wasn’t really trying to avoid looking at Will.
Disappointed, Will looks up from his bowl of vegetables. The troubled tone in her voice set off an alarm to pay attention. Her eyes looked heavy, and miserable. Obaasan normally didn’t hide things, but this burden was taking its toll on her. 
“Is everything okay Obaasan?” Will frowns. Obaasan sighs. She blinks herself out of her mysterious deliberation. 
“Perhaps I was wrong my dear grandson,” she hesitates to continue. “Perhaps you are not ready for this.” Frowning she shakes her head and returns her gaze to her cup of tea. 
“Not yet.”
“Obaasan…” Will narrows his eyes, “Why would you say that?” His confusion slows down his thoughts. With a pleading, twisted frown, Will looks to her for an answer. 
Still questioning her decision, the old woman is slow to respond, her eyes move cautious around his face, taking time to convoke the right words. A shaky, uncertain sigh is exhaled before she begins to speak again. Obaasan bites down on her lip, praying what she was about to confess was the right decision for her grandson. 
“I don’t think she is as gone as we thought my child.”
Obaasan announces her proclamation quick and in a low, half frightened tone. Remembering to honor their beliefs of afterlife, she keeps her head bowed when speaking of the deceased. She fixes her gaze on the cup trembling in her hands. Raised by America’s conditions, she knew her grandson didn’t have the same respect for the legends of their culture.She wasn’t surprised by his response. 
“Obaasan,” Will raises his eyebrows as he begins to say something. His level-headed grandmother puts up her hand to shush him, to hear her out.
“I know I am old, and my eyesight is not working as well as it should,” she interrupts.
“But I have also heard things grandson.” 
Will forces himself not to roll his eyes. Obaasan would definitely slap him if he did. He never believed in ghosts, though the Japanese held them in the highest revere. There were many festivals held every year in honor of the dead. Will shakes his head and scowls.
“What makes you believe this Obaasan?” 
The words extract from his lips in an intense, audible whisper. ‘The insanity has multiplied,’ he groans to himself. The hair on his arms and the back of his neck stood up. His grandmother’s wits, nor her sincerity have ever been questioned in the past. 
“I think her spirit still lingers here.” She answers, ignoring his question on purpose. ‘How much should he know,’ she asks herself? 
HeWilljumps up from the table. The possibility was too unnerving. Why wouldn’t he know about this if it were true? Surely Maddie would come to him if it were true. He walks a nervous pace to the end of the tabletop, biting his thumbnail and staring at the floor. His mind calculates as he moves. ‘No way…She’s got to be losing it.’
“Obaasan,” Will begins again. 
“Please, what you are talking about. I need to know.” He begs. 
 Will could never forget the photos at the station. He still refused to walk down to the path. He stops pacing at the corner closest to where his grandmother was still seated. She was still breathing calm, sipping on her tea with a sullen introspect on her face. 
“I have been having trouble sleeping William-san. So, I come down to the kitchen sometimes or just come outside to get some air.” 
Will walks over and sits in the chair beside his serious-faced grandmother. He watches her body language closer. Listening with apprehensive intent, he clasps his hands clasped between his knees. He wasn’t sure if he could tell signs of dementia, but he wanted to be close enough to inspect for anything unlike her typical behavior. 
“I have found things out of place.” Clearing her voice, Obaasan continues... 
“And footsteps, as if someone trying to get away, quiet… but recognizable if you can tell.” Choosing to raise her head, she nods to confirm her memory, then looks to him. 
“Grandmother…” Every muscle in Will’s face hurt, thinking too long on what he was about to say. Squinting his eyes, he moves closer to her. 
“You understand… she cut herself, don’t you?” Twisting his mouth sideways, Will reminds her with cautious respect. Realizing that her grandson thought she was getting dementia, Obaasan scowls at him. 
 “Ahh!” She waves her hand, pushes him away, and stands up irritated. 
“I know what is not usual for what goes on in this house grandson!” She remarks as she sets her cup on the table too hard. 
‘No.’ Will scratches his head. ‘It isn’t possible.’ He gives his hand an impatient swoop, brushing his bangs away from his face. 
‘How could it be possible… if it were possible?’ Looking back to his grandmother, Will flinches and slumps his shoulders in shame.
“I’m sorry Obaasan. I just...” Looking to the pearl tiled floor he frowns. He wasn’t sure what to say to her now. Obaasan puts her hands on her back and stretches her muscles as she stares out the back door to the ocean in silence. 
Mentally going over her words, Will could feel his heart racing, unable to accept what he was hearing. He rests his hand on his mouth a moment, a half believing stare in his eyes before rubbing his mouth with his hand. In a flash, he was rushing in a fury toward the back door. 
“William-san!” Forgetting she was offended; the old woman franticly calls after him. 
“What are you going to do? William-san!” Obaasan was too tired and sluggish to follow him. He was out the door before she reached the fairway. She puts her hands on her hips and watches him from the window. 
“Maddie-san please… Her tormented eyes release a tear for her grandson’s soul as she watches him. She mutters. “Let this rest, let this crusade of yours go.” 
*****************
He let himself believe and he was filled with rage again. If she really was a mermaid, it’s very possible she could have survived. All Maddie’s research, all the legends, the myths of their mystical powers. There were too many unanswered questions, too many probabilities, too many circumstances left for the unknown. That’s what he was really angry about and he didn’t even know it.
“If this was all a deception,” Will growls, charging onto the balcony. 
The late autumn winds were calm for the time being. Will leans halfway over the railing, straining his eyes along the mountainous skyline that surrounds them. After weeks of trying, he already knew seeing anything in the water was hopeless. Yet now he was curious to see if he could see any caves in the rock formations. Some secret hidden cove where she could hide. He still didn’t believe in ghosts, but he was beginning to believe in mermaids. 
“Maddie,” Will’shusky voice croons. A pleading, last attempted whisper, jaded and dismayed. 
“If you really do come back, you’ve got a lot of explaining to do.”
FIN
THANKS


Thank you to the readers who took time to review this story. I know it hasn’t been written in the typical way. 
Because the story is about mermaids and sirens. I added a much more musical and poetical form of writing. 
My background is in film and theatre, and I literally had to learn how to write, edit, and publish it, in order for you to have a chance to see it. 
With all sincerity, thank you.

Lare’va 

Formatted by:- anmolsgnr@fiverr.com
