


Tales of Zersha - Short Story Series

2019
Book 1 - Boar Of Astor (Year 327) Heinrichs Passage 1
Book 2 - Noble and Fabled (Year 316) Astoran War

2020
Book 3 - Tsuran Desert (Year 318) Astoran War - Tyr
Book 4 - Teost Bathed in Dragonfire (Year 315) The Fall of Bern

2021
Boar of Astor 2nd Edition
Book 5 - Lion’s Jaws (Year 327) Heinrichs Passage 2

TBD

Book 6 - Massacre at Arlens Straight (Year 316) Astoran War 
Book 7 - Reaper in the Desert (Year 319) Astoran War Heinrich
Book 8 - Child of Guvan (Year 316) Astoran War
Book 9 - Temptation of Heinrich Gausser - (Year 328) Heinrichs Passage 3
Book 11 - Orphan of Asterik (Year 299)

Heinrich’s Passage Part One
The Boar of Astor

Summer 327


Chapter One - Boar of Astor


"Today's a very boring day," Heinrich thought to himself as he props up his black leather boots on the table of his room. 
He leans back restlessly in the mundane chair letting out a long drawn out groan. The room is simple much like Heinrich's day. In the corner, there is a small wooden bed with a single aged white quilt and pillow. Above the bed is a basic wood cross window with drawn heavy dark curtains. 

Heinrich swings back and forth at a simple desk opposite the window. His dark bristly hair unkempt and oily hanging above his dark boar skin armour. His icy silver eyes piercing against the wall as he rubs his unshaven face with his hard hoof-like hands. 
"A boring day indeed," he grumbles to himself.

A light knock at the door echoes in the room and Heinrich's glare transports itself from the wall to the door. 
A soft muffled voice of a young man penetrates the room, "Mr Gausser, you have a visitor downstairs." He climbs out of the chair, trudging towards the door. 
Raising his large hand to the simple handle he grips and swings the door open. 
Revealing the inn's slave, a short unobtrusive almost skeletal man. The slave flinches at Heinrich's beast-like appearance and demeanour. 
"What sort of visitor Johan?" Heinrich grumbles, his icy glare reducing to a cold pierce out of pity to the little man. 
“His name is ugh..." He falters, petrified of the lumbering creature over him. 
Heinrich coughs to snap the feeble skeleton to attention. 
"Sorry his name is Leon," the slave is wilting away in the presence. 
But Heinrich eyes narrow but not towards the slave. 
"Blasted bastard what does he want," Heinrich ploughs through the doorway. 

Closing the door with an effortless swing of his arm. 
He storms down the hallway. Stomping down a set of stairs he enters the main room of the inn. 
Like his room, it's also basic and cheap, having the generic tavern feel of unfurnished tables with like-minded chairs. 
The bartender trying his best to look somewhat busy, despite the obvious emptiness of the tavern. 
Other than a few dusty locals, one guy looks out of place. 
The man wore an expensive well-tailored black and blue uniform of the Dukes Administrate. 
He has short dark hair like Heinrich's but clean and his build is slender and sleek like a hawk. 
As Heinrich stomps down the stairs. 
The man’s eyes a brilliant green catches glimpse of Heinrich. 
Recognition flowing across his sharp pale features, with a playful smile erupting across his face.

Heinrich narrows his eyes to an almost glacial spike. 
"What the hell does he want this time," crosses his mind as the guy stands up. 

"My younger brother so this is where you have been secreting yourself!" the man's grin growing wider the closer Heinrich approaches. 
"Leon, what the Astor's wench do you want now," his glare sharpening while Leon raises his arms to calm the boar. 
"I wish only to offer you a job, you would most definitely fit the bill if I say so myself," he smiles to himself crossing his arm and holding his chin with a slender hand. 
"I can't imagine you have much to do in this most peaceful time," a twinkle flashes on his green eyes. 
While Heinrich stops, staring down his brother and covers his face with the palm of his bludgeon like-hand. 
This wasn't the first time Leon had given him a job. One time Leon sent him on a simple delivery from Asterik to Ostria, a small island on the coast Astor. To deliver a package from King Taric. 
Since it was Leon, he left out the details of what the package contained. 
Which turned out to be very valuable and Heinrich spent a good deal of the journey running from hired brigands and bandits. 
Needless to say, Heinrich still doesn't want much to do with Leon's ludicrous and sometimes dangerous schemes. 
Unfortunately, Heinrich is starting to get low on coin and has been forced to do menial labour around the Fort Hallorn area. 

"And since you seem like you don't have much money," Leon gestures to the crude cheap inn. Heinrich is already very aware of a new goose chase that was about to be laid on him. 
"I have a little teeny tiny job and you totally fit the bill for this one. My gloriously strong little brother," Leon's emerald eyes glisten with flattery towards Heinrich who lets out a long drawn out groan. 
Defeated Heinrich moans, "what is it this time Leon?" 
Leon moves back to his table and fumbles through a luxurious leather bag. 
He pulls out a clean envelope and places it in front of him on the table. 
Striking forward Heinrich snatches his new and possibly tedious job. 
Breaking the wax seal of the northern duke, he straightens out the letter. 
Being a Gausser, the Duke family of the northern territories. 

Heinrich had to sit through rudimentary writing and boring reading drills. 
He could read at a reasonable level compared to most of the populace of Astor, but his writing was beyond saving. 

"To he, she or they who are reading this.
You have been tasked by the Dukedom of Hallorn and the Mercantile Guild of Asterik to find and or solve the disappearances of cattle, sheep and merchant caravans in the Mountain Vale road. 
Directions and information will be supplied by the Dukes Administrate representative. 
Reward and charges are to be collected and negotiated by the mercantile guild representative." 

"Negotiated, brilliant if it's a waste of time I get a pretty penny, but if it isn't..." Heinrich wipes a tendril of gluttonous drool from the side of his hefty jaw. 
"So my dear brother, this is your task and this time I can't really give you any reports or information. Other than the farmer and the guilds suppliers address," Leon leans back watching his brother. 
"I feel like you can most easily pull this off though, it's probably just another bunch of bandits again, nothing out of your talents." 

Heinrich stares suspiciously over at Leon, "yes a quick bandit raid, bring back some heads, get a nice sack of gold or even platinum," Heinrich grumbles. His eyes glimmer a mischievous cold steel as he folds the note and places it in his breast pocket. 
Leon nods reaching for his bag once more, with his talons he pulls out a few short sheets of paper and passes them towards Heinrich. 

"Should be a few days or a weeks travel at the most to get to the farmer though. Luck for you, the supplier's branch is just down the road near the gate. It's the old cotton tailors, they've been doing pretty good this year up until this," Heinrich grabs the papers and stops, watching Leon. 
"Cotton tailor, the bandits must be desperate or naked to be raiding those Caravans?" Leon shrugs passing a hand through his well-kept hair. 

"It's one of the only Caravans that takes the Mountain Vale road since the Cotton farm is over in Oakvale. They make the best cotton in Astor but it's a small fort." 
Heinrich nods, "Oakvale? Yeah, I've been there once or twice back in the war, well time to deal with this." 
Heinrich stands waving the piece of paper in his big meaty hands, Leon also stands holding his bag to his side.

"Good luck with this task Hein, do you need money for food and travels, father worries about you, you never visit." 
Heinrich's eyes snap to a spike and shakes his head, "I don't want fathers charity, just jobs will do." Heinrich turns his back to Leon and storms off back to his room. 
Drawing a plan in his head for the next few days of travel. 

Heinrich catches Leon's face in his peripheral, a sad sullen look flows across his handsome features as he collects his bag. 

The slave Johan stands at the end of the corridor in his ragged overused linen shirt and trousers. 
His blonde hair and blue eyes dazed as if in a trance until he hears Heinrich stomping.
"Tell the innkeeper, I'm going to be away for a few weeks and I'm taking all my stuff with me for now." 
He bows low with a submissive aura, "yes Mr Gausser." 
As Heinrich enters his room he peers towards his desk then casts his gaze at the bed and trudges over to it. 
He kneels over it, pulling a large dark hide bag and a large dark steel mace from underneath the bed. 
He hoists the large light bag over his back and fastens his mace to a harness on his armour before heading out. 

He looks to his left outside the door, Johan is gone possibly to relay information to the innkeeper. 
The corridor is empty and doors line the sides, all closed for privacy or vacancy, whichever Heinrich isn't very sure. 
Walking at a heavy pace, Heinrich is now back in the main room of the tavern. 
Leon is gone but the locals and the bartender are still carrying about their mundane day. 
The bartender locks eyes with Heinrich before bowing, "thanks for staying we hope to see you again." 
Heinrich grunts and nods to the bartender. 

Heinrich leaves the inn, it's about midday the sun just past its zenith. 
The cool northern breeze wafts across his face. 
The small village of Redwood is a few miles east of Fort Hallorn. 
It's the closest village to the large set of mountains of the vale which almost cuts off the land between Guvan and Astor. 
It serves as a natural barrier or border between the civilised Astorians and the brutish and tribe-like Guvanians. 
Despite being called a village, Redwood is actually a military outpost that overlooks the mountain vale road that drives through the mountains. 
It's also a merchant haven for selling armour, clothes and basic supplies to the fort. 

Heinrich peers to his left the roads compact and bustling with activity. 
Soldiers, civilians and merchants shuffle past each other through the streets. 
Two larger thuggish looking civilians bump into each other and start arguing. 
"Bernard you scum, you dare show your face around here after last week." 
The thug Bernard swings an angry fist at the other hitting him in the side of the face, starting a fight in the middle of the busy street. 
Part of the crowd makes a good deal of space as they try to get on with their day as others watch and cheer. 
Guards nearby begin walking up to the scene dressed in chain mail and a blue tabard. 
"At it again Scot and Bernard, it's off to the tower for you guys to cool off!" 
As swiftly as it started the two thugs are dragged off shouting and complaining. 

Heinrich watches them, sighs and looks around. 
The buildings around him looked mostly the same as if built overnight. 
Tall red buildings line the streets. 
The only change of colour is the large obstructive tower built of grey rock, overlooking the centre of the village. 
To his right more redwood buildings all mostly the same design other than a few changes to suit a merchant's needs. 
At the very end, a wooden wall stretches across the outskirts of the village packing in the buildings like sardines. 

Heinrich was on the eastern main street of redwood. 
Which is convenient because the cotton merchants building was just down the road to his right heading towards the gate. 

Stomping along, his taller than average, grumpy gaze and huge mace fastened to his armour opens the crowd like a shark moving through a school of fish. 
The smell of warm bodies wafting in the air. 
Closer he trudges down the road, the building now in sight with an eye-catching sign of a sheep with a cotton plant sprig in its mouth. 
The name ‘Mountain Vales finest Tailors' labelled underneath. 
Which is strange since most of the populace can't read other than nobles or wealthy people, but the picture gives enough of a clue to the goods. 

The torrent of people going about their business begin to thin out the further he got to the edge of the outpost, he now stood outside the Tailor's building. 
From the outside, it looked almost the same as all the other buildings. 
Except in the window, there are sets of nice tailored suits, quality shirts and padding to be worn under various armours. 
The red door conveniently hung a sign saying open. 
Reaching out Heinrich squeezes the door handle and enters the finest tailor's shop. 
A bell chimes as the door opens. 
He catches a musky aroma of cut grass and lavender, his nose twitches at the faint but pleasant smell. 

He peers into the well-lit building, like the front window, the walls are well stocked with clothes Heinrich's family would be enthralled to wear he grimaces at the thought. 

Not much catches his silver eyes except a few shirts, gambesons and padded sheep leather jackets. 
A tall bartering desk lines the side of the room with a corridor heading into another room behind it. 
Upon the desk is an array of tailoring spools with various colours and different materials wrapping them. 
A hired guard sits on a stool to Heinrich's left almost out of sight, his chain mail and iron helmet chinks slightly as he watches Heinrich. 
He could tell this guard isn't a small fry and has had plenty of combat experience, just from the feeling the guy emanates. 
Heinrich nods to the guard, who eyes him and his mace with deep brown eyes. 
A slender figure enters from the back room. 
Ocean eyes, blonde hair, overdressed and almost fox-like. 
The man scrutinises Heinrich before scowling. 
"Yes, what do you want," the Tailor leans onto the desk, already passed judgement of a definite unprofitable encounter.
Heinrich's eyes turn glacial he already doesn't like this pompous knob. 

He reaches into his pocket, pulls out the Duke's letter and dumps it onto the desk in front of him. 
The man peers at the letter with his nose jutting upwards. 
He delicately picks up the letter as if trying to avoid touching it as much as possible and opens it, his eyes narrow. 
"I expected the Dukes administrate to send someone more… Professional but either way you will do.”
“Come we shall discuss this in the back with the owner," the tailor elegantly wafts through the doorway into the back. 
Heinrich gives the guard one last glance, he was still watching but appears to have a hand on his weapon, he eyes the guard while following through the back. 


Passing several doors in a cramped corridor the tailor waits in a larger room with three large heavy tables, chests, tools and intricate machines placed on top as well as underneath the desks. 
The walls are lined with shelves of small boxes, dyes, fabrics and thread spools. 
Another man much older was on the opposite side of the room working on an impressive robe of gold, red and green. 
With delicate precision, he was hand stitching an intricate design but stops as he notices the tailor and Heinrich enter. 
"Henry, who is this?" the old man points to Heinrich with a wrinkled adept finger, his grey eyes staring with curiosity. 
"Arnold this is someone sent to us by the Duke, to deal with our caravan and supplying problems." 
Henry scowls slightly at Heinrich before a chime is heard from the front room. 

He walks over to Arnold and places the letter with the broken wax seal of the Administrate facing up next to Arnold while ushering back to the front room. 
The old adept tailor reaches and picks up the letter glancing over it before putting it back down. 
"I spoke with mister Gausser about this and he said he knew the perfect person, I trust his judgement," he stands and walks over to Heinrich with a hand outstretched with a friendly smile. 

His short greying hair neat and well-groomed, he wears a black grubby apron over a well-made white shirt and black trousers with black workman's boots. 
"My name is Arnold Barnaby and I am the representative for the Mercantile guild," Heinrich takes Arnold's hand firmly. 
"I am Heinrich Julius Gausser, I will be your investigator and problem fixer," he pulls a half smile. 
"Gausser... You're Leon's brother? you don't seem like most of your family," Arnold bows respectfully. 
"I get that a lot since I'm the only son in the family who joined the military and please less of the bowing," Arnold straightens up, baffled that such a big animal like man could be part of the same family that runs the northern territories. 

Who owns the land in the name of Astor's king. Confused to why such a man from a proud family would be doing such a lowly job like a simple trade problem. 

He looks up with a new found awe towards Heinrich, wondering the reasons behind his choice. 
"So I was told that you have had caravans disappearing on the Mountain Vale road, is there any info you can give me?" Heinrich looking down at the old man. 
Arnold snaps from the fixation and passes his hand through his greying beard. 
"I'm afraid there's nothing really I can offer in terms of information, other than the carts are left mostly destroyed with no driver and no horse, I'd send guards but as good as the influx we're getting, we can only afford protection at the shop." 
"What about the damage to the carts and how many have been destroyed?" Arnold looks across the room as if in trance. 
"Around seven so far and we don't discover the carts til a week at the least has past and they all seem to be completely ransacked and destroyed," Heinrich sees this becoming fruitless, runs a hand through his bristly beard. 
"Well I'll do the investigating and by the looks, it might take a while, I'll have to ask for hundred gold coin upfront to cover supplies and compensation of time." 
Arnold's eyes widen, "a hundred gold coins you say, very steep for upfront." 
Heinrich shrugs, "my services are not cheap and I will bring back whatever I find, be it a head or whatever it turns out to be." 
His eyes turn into sharp frozen swords and Arnold could read that it wasn't Heinrich's first time beheading something, he gulps, "fine, fine but we shall discuss the final reward after you bring me news, Henry... Henry!" 
He calls out and the snooty clerk walks in with an air of esteemed superiority turns his nose up towards Heinrich and eyes Arnold, "Henry if you would... Bring Sir Gausser here one hundred gold coins as we've arranged a deal." 

As soon as Arnold mentioned sir and Gausser in the same sentence the snobby clerk almost pales over completely and makes a quick glance over Heinrich as if in disbelief to what he just heard. 

He disappears and arrives back with a small neat and well-crafted linen pouch. 
Henry holds it out, now with a kind and welcoming smile. 
Heinrich unemotionally takes the gold purse from his hands with a slight cold stare towards this sudden change in disposition. 
He turns back to Arnold, "on my families name I will be back within two weeks to one month, the simpler the quicker, I will be travelling through the mountain vale path, which takes three to four days travel to Oakvale, to speak to the other proprietor of the contract, I will be investigating along the route as well, bandit or beast I'll bring back proof." 
Both Henry and Arnold steal a glance at each other hoping the proof isn't too messy. 
"Safe travels Heinrich," they both bow to the boar, who in turn bows stiffly and turns to leave out the room. 
Following the corridors into the sales room, the guard watches Heinrich as he leaves the Mountain Vales Finest Tailors into the bright early afternoon light of the eastern road district. 

Heinrich opens the pouch he collected from Arnold and peers inside to see a collection of coins nine bright hexagon platinum coins, nine golden coins and a hundred silver coins. 
"Big coins and small change, very useful," Heinrich thought to himself. 
Currency in Astor revolves around four types of coins, platinum, gold, silver and copper. 
Platinum being worth ten of gold, a hundred silver being worth a gold and a hundred copper being a silver. 
Chump change usually being copper and the most commonly used is spread between silver and gold. 
Most common people rarely seeing platinum and would draw attention to unsavoury types when used. 

Thinking to himself, Heinrich wonders if he should rent a horse for the travels to make up time since the Mountain Vale road is a week at the most when traversing by foot. 
The road is also rarely taken by civilians but is used mainly by the military and a select few merchants. 
The route itself isn't perilous more underused and under guarded probably prone to attacks from wild animals if travelled alone. 
Bandits and brigands usually focus on routes that head towards the capital of Asterik, which are the longest most mountainous and forest ridden roads of Astor. 
Frugal and stingy as he was Heinrich ops for the long walk, making his way to the eastern gate to his left. 
He stops off at Bards Supplies, a general store that he frequently visits before he sets out on his sometimes-ludicrous missions. 
Close to the eastern gate Bards Supplies is like an open-air stall, several tables line the front of a redwood shelter. 

The owner who's a big tanned skin man sits behind the stall and several hired guards stand to attention around the corners. 
The man with his beefy macho arms crossed over his chest, simple grey vest, shorts, half apron, shiny bald head with a salt and pepper stubble across his face notices Heinrich trudging up. 
Standing with a big smile dancing on his face, placing his arms on his hips he lets out a big hearty roar. 
"The Boar of the Vale himself, Heinrich Julius Gausser, what pleasure do I owe the muscle-bound son of the lion of the north the Duke Darius Leon Gausser!" 
Leaning over the table, the man grins cheekily at Heinrich while nearby patrons turn to gaze upon the duke's son. 

Some mystified by the thuggish look of Heinrich and begin to converse and gossip to one another. 
"Bard Duras please don't mention my name in public so loudly, I'm off on another job from Leon and in need of some lasting supplies," while trying to ignore the mass of stares in awe and disbelief starting to gather around the stall. 

"Another wild goose chase from yer older brother I see, we've just had an interesting shipment from Asterik," Bard leans under the counter and pulls out a chest that clinks and jingles on the inside. 
Heinrich leans closer, "interesting?" A gleam glosses over Bard's eyes. 

"Yes, some crackpot old men in robes been playing around in their labs and have concocted something akin to a water that heals, they call it something like Alkemie, they say drinking one of these cures most wounds, from battle or accident.Gave one to Jerry, my guard, after he dealt with an armed thug the other day, watched the slash on his arm literally vanish!" one of the guards next to him gives a thumbs up and smiles gingerly. 
Bard produces a small glass vial with a dull cool liquid inside, holds it out to him and whispers, "ten gold pieces per vial." 
Heinrich thinks it over, "this is daft, how can a liquid do such a thing, but if it's true this could be a boon!" 

He leans closer, "five gold for that, a tent. A golds worth of water and salted meats and I don't really think you're telling me the truth about this drink but be sure if it works I'm going to be buying you out of stock."

Bard lowers his head thinking over the deal and extras before looking up and holding out his hand, "we've been partners for a long time Gausser, keep this hush hush this stuff is new cutting edge stuff and just this once I'll cut ya a deal, that'll be six gold and fifty silver." 
Heinrich clasps his hand, pulls out the pouch he got from Arnold and Henry and gives him the coins. Bard disappears back into the shelter and reappears with two sacks. 
Places them onto the desk in front while reaching under a different spot of the desk, he pulls out a long wax-treated canvas wrapped cylinder. 

Luckily Heinrich's bag is pretty much empty other than a small light crossbow and a set of two dozen bolts in another compartment, he pulls it out, fastens it to the outside of the bag. 
Grabs the meat sack, leather water skin and canvas tent shoving them into the bag. 
Holding the lone vial in hand, he places it into a side pouch on his waist. 

Times were changing with the emergence of alchemy, it was only a matter of time before news broke out of a cure-all elixir. 

Huge in design his dark tanned cow skin bag easily holds the mass of canvas and meat, the bag is unwieldy to most common folk but fits on Heinrich like a glove. 
"Will that be all Gausser?" Bard watches Heinrich, who looks up at the vendor. 
"That'll be all for me, I've got a long trek across the Mountain Vale Road." 
Bard gives a nod towards him and offers a hand out, "good luck Gausser, come back in one piece!" 
Heinrich shakes his hand and gives a half smile before heading to the gate, the crowd thinning towards the gate. 
Four guards, two on each side of the gate, all in the Astor colours of blue tabards, with silver trim and a silver moon. Armoured in chain mail and light plate armour. 
The gate is a simple redwood portcullis and bridge but also has two scout towers on each side both with a stationed crossbow scout in the same blue tabard but in a light chain mail and leather armour. 
Both watching the rolling hills of the Mountain Vail road with active alertness. 
This was the second line of defence for warning of an impending invasion from Guvan as the border is mostly covered with unclimbable mountains. 

The first line is Oakvale while sounding like a common village is a small somewhat self-sustaining castle surrounded by a massive stretch of fertile fields allowing easy view for miles upon miles and is mainly set for early warning. 

Despite being a castle, the military force is small and only really suited for warning delivery and to buy time. 
Any merchant travelling the route is cautioned that the road is seldom used and not even guarded as it's only used as a messenger trail and only takes less than a day of straight riding for the messengers. 
Heinrich walks up to one of the guards at the gate, who immediately recognises him, snaps to attention and salutes, "Lord Hei-" Heinrich cuts him off with a swish of the hand, eyes narrowing. 
"None of that please for the love of Astor... What's the news on the Mountain Vale road?" the guard next to him almost jumps out of his skin at the sudden appearance. 
"Lo- I mean, Sir- I mean Mr Heinrich... The news... ugh we've had the usual messenger who comes through once a fortnight and other than that, he notices wreckage of various trade carts and has reported an influx of caravans being ransacked of both cargo, rider and beasts of burden. The damage doesn't appear to be bandits but can't be left out of the equation sir and the messenger is always unharmed and unmolested." 

Heinrich nods, rubbing his paw across his prickly chin, "and the wreckage is cleared or?" 
The guard nods, "the wreckage is cleared within a few days but the workers also report nothing special sir, other than when they arrive the wreckage is almost none existent." 
Finishing, Heinrich does a military salute bringing his wrist and fist towards his chest and standing tall the guard responds the same. 
"On guard, I'm going into the Mountain Vale to investigate," Heinrich then turns to the redwood bridge and crosses. 
“Would you like an esco-,” Heinrich turns glaring at the guard again, who quietens mid sentence.
The guards all still standing to attention and saluting as he leaves. 

Chapter Two - The Mountain Vale Road

Heinrich is now on the Mountain Vale road, on the outside of the Redwood Outpost. 
The eastern side of the outposts is a long set of rolling hills with a large cluster of mountains dominating the horizon. 
There's a gap in between the range like a crack in the armour. 

This is the road that cuts through the mountain vale. Unknown how it was made, the route travels along this crack and serves as the easiest and cleanest route to traverse the mountains. 

It is also wide enough to fit army's through.
Even as the easiest route it still holds its dangers like landslides, avalanches, wildlife and now possibly bandits. 
It takes Heinrich several hours to be in reach of the crevasse of the Mountain Vale road. 
The sky is fading to a purple and orange hue, Redwood outpost is but a tiny blip in the distance, its tall tower like a faint line in the twilight sunset. 
Moving off the track to a small set of rocks and fallen boulders, Heinrich makes camp. 

Chewing on some salted meat lying next to his new tent, he stares up to the sky, stars now setting in, the two moons now visible in the deep violet light. 
One giant and white in the far north, the other grey and small in the west. In Astor, they are known as forlorn siblings Ju the white and Ta the grey. 
The rustling of nocturnal animals and insects filling the night. 

Heinrich slowly falls into a light sleep, countless hours spent alone on the road has made him a light sleeper and sometimes paranoid out on his treks. 
As the darkness flows by and dreams take him, he has visions a lion in the depths of a cave. 

The dream changes and now he's a young boy alongside his father walking along a gravel path to a giant mountain. 

The son looks up with a childish grin on his face to his father. 
Darius looks down to Heinrich, his dark blue eyes watching his son with a slight scowl on his beautiful features. 
The tall man in a black and crimson robe turns from his son and walks away from the gravel path, leaving his son behind.
Darius walks into the distance as the young Heinrich pleads for his father, he runs to catch up but his father slowly fades. 
Young Heinrich is left sitting on the gravel path alone, crying, with only the giant mountain watching over him. 
A voice creeps into his mind, the words at first inaudible and gibberish but haunting and breathy.
The words echo and rise but still gibberish to Heinrich.

“Mein haer, mein sleev berkohn un tohr mei.” 

He wakes up bringing his long muscular arm across his forehead and stares up into the canvas of the tent which was producing light through the weave. 
"Dad you bastard," he curses drowsily as he leans up off the ground and opens the tent. 

It was late morning as the sky was turning to a cool blue from a deep yellow. 
The wind was a gentle breeze with a smell of earth and dust. 
Heinrich was already packing up his makeshift camp while taking a light sip of his water skin. 

He begins the next leg of the journey chewing on some more salted meats it was still mildly tender but was starting to dry in the corners. 
The Mountain vale road was turning from hills to a ravine surrounded by sheer cliff edges. 
Rocks and small trees decorating the sides of the path. 
Cicadas and songbirds chirping as they wake to a new day. 

Following the path into the afternoon, the scenery has stayed the same with snowy peaks dominating the horizons. 
In the distance, Heinrich could see something that is different. 
A different shade against the cliffs but also dull in colour. 

It didn't look like an animal or camp. 

He moves closer and as he closed the distance, he began to notice it was debris of a cart, picked clean and almost turned to rubble. 
"Well at least I'm not being led on," Heinrich mentions out loud to himself in the afternoon sunlight. 

Now next to the cart he leans over examining the destroyed remains. 
The wood scarred and smashed but not rotting or decomposing. 

Other than the obvious destruction it was clear this cart was somewhat new, probably left here in the last few weeks and hasn't been collected by the army. 
Looking across the hard-rocky floor there's slight wear of many footprints and drag marks, it appears this cart was moved from the centre of the road and left on the side ready for collection at a later date. 
Nothing on the cart shows what could've done this, if bandits did this, they would have either left the cart in one piece or taken it entirely and used it for transportation, lodging or even try and sell it off a few towns over. 
"I don't think I can find much else here, the grounds too hard for tracks," Heinrich mutters to himself and began hiking past the cart east. 

Occasionally on the trek, he would see steep land ramps going up the sides of the cliff and along the path small unsalvageable piles of wood. 
The sun setting once again, the purple, yellow and red sky fading to black and stars but eerily silent. 

Heinrich makes camp between a small landslide and another, rubbing the canvas sheet along the ground to add loose dirt and dust for camouflage. 
Clouds settling in leaving only the white moon Ju peeking out to the north but not enough to light the surroundings. 
It's strangely quieter here in the mountains, only a light whistling of insects can be heard nearby. 
Heinrich usually choosing not to make campfires for past reasons, wears thick clothing under his armour, ample enough for Astor's cold nights, but since he's in the midst of mountain clusters he starts to feel cold at intervals during the night. 
Sleeping almost peacefully during the darkest of the night he hears something in the distance, the sound snapping him awake. 
He listens keenly to what it could be. 
He hears air being pushed into nearby trees but too erratic and random to be wind. 
It comes closer but not directly to Heinrich with a harsh sound of snapping branches. 

As sudden as it appeared, it fades away. 
Unable to grasp a gaze upon what it was, Heinrich wonders what it could be and chooses to stay up a while vigilantly watching. 
The hours pass slowly and quietly the air still and filled with tension. 
Unable to sleep, Heinrich decides to make gains towards Oakvale, he thinks to himself, "not going to get any sleep at this rate, may as well get to Oakvale ahead of time, I should reach it by midnight tonight." 
Taking a long draught from his waterskin, which is starting to feel low on water, the sack of meats also emptying but still half full. 

The meat requiring more chewing as time flowed by. 
Several more hours of hiking pass, as the sun makes its presence known showing the path ahead. 
With the scenery changing the further east Heinrich went. 

The mountains are lowering to his sides, the dirt growing green around the edges of the crevasse, trees becoming more abundant and the cliff falls opening up. 
Strangely there is no rubble of carts this far east. 
Keeping a keener eye, Heinrich begins to notice strange breaks in trees, dents and gashes in the cliff faces. 
It could be linked to the mysterious sounds Heinrich heard during the night. 
Eyeing the surroundings Heinrich notices some minor marks in the ground, kneeling he traces his hand against the floor. 

"These are claw marks, like the ones on the cliff," tracking one mark he comes close to the cliff face near a broken tree, investigating the remains there appear to be long tufts of matted black fur and long rough black feathers. 
Grasping a feather, Heinrich gazes at its rich opalescent black coating glinting in the afternoon sun, it's almost larger than his forearm. 
"I have never seen a feather this big before, it's definitely not from a gryphon," he tucks it into a part of his armour for safe keeping.


"This is probably the cause of the problems now that I think about it and I'm definitely not prepared for a beast of this size, this is definitely going to take some work," readying himself Heinrich makes the last leg of the journey.
It's still silent along the path Heinrich notices not even wolves were nearby with the tell-tale wails and drones. 
As night falls, the crevasse finally opens out to a long stretch of grassy fields with patchy forests dotting the horizon, some lights in the distance signal the first sign of civilisation that Heinrich has seen for the last three days. 

Gaining ground, the lights becoming brighter, fenced paddocks surrounding this figure in the dark. 
Growing in size a stone castle stands unobstructed on a lone hill with an impeccable view of its surroundings. 
Eyeing the nearby fields, Heinrich notices there's mainly sheep and cows in the paddocks. 
The closest ones to the castle have horses. 
Trudging past them he reaches a stone wall surrounding the castle, a portcullis is closed and well-lit with guards patrolling vigilantly. 
Two of them have noticed Heinrich from a distance and already a small patrol is coming out of the portcullis towards him. 

"You there, halt!" a central figure clad in the Astor colours of blue, plate and chain mail holds out his palm with a long great pike at his side. 
Heinrich recognises the difference in this one's armour, he wears a large distinct plate pauldron bearing a cross on his right shoulder, which signifies sergeant. 
"State your claims quick wanderer, the time is late and your appearance is suspicious!" the Sergeant barks order and the rest of the patrol with him begin to circle Heinrich.
 "Oakvale Sergeant of the Astoran Vanguard, I am Heinrich Julius Gausser son of Duke Darius Gausser lion of the north," the circling patrol members stop. 
Recognising the name and immediately steal a glance towards their leader who in turn raises his hand towards his chin. 

"Come into the light, I wish to see you better," Heinrich steps into the torch lights held by the patrol getting a closer look at the patrol and sergeant. 
All the patrollers wore a standard chain mail and tabard set with an iron helm covering most of their face only showing their eyes and cheeks. 



The Sergeant who's taken off his iron helmet revealing short neat brown hair, light amber eyes, clean shaven except for a well-maintained moustache lining his upper lip, somewhere in his early thirties he stands a bit shorter than Heinrich but just as built. 

Eyeing him closer the sergeant clasps his fist to his chest, "the boar of the vale I see, strange of you to be out in the middle of nowhere at night, but alas come, the commander would definitely like to see you." 
Being part of the military and from one of the big families of Astor had its perks as much as Heinrich didn't like talking about his family. 
A lot of military personnel knew of Heinrich. 
Plenty knew his face from sketches and paintings. 

The Sergeant turns around and begins walking towards the portcullis with the patrol who go back to their positions within the walls, Heinrich plodding close by behind. 
Other than the castle within the walls there are not many buildings, well-kept wooden stables line the wall half of them full with strong stallions and mares. 
A smithy is a short walk on the right in an open area which is not in use, its forge still smoking and there's a small tavern-like building tucked away next to the castle. 
A path leads and turns into stairs up to the castles main entrance. 
Three emplacements hang from the castle, each manned by guards watch the new face enter holding their longbows to their sides. 
The doors to the castle also held by another two guards, their wrists clasping to their chests acknowledging the sergeant but watching Heinrich suspiciously. 

As they make their way into the castle the interior is plain and martial providing function over beauty, the main room separates off into several corridors and rooms with a large set of stairs on the opposite side leading up in both directions. 
The only room that stood out appeared to be an infirmary to his left, no one was in it at this time and the room was dark save for a light at the end of the room. 
The sergeant leads towards the stairs. 
Usually, in fortifications like these, there are set times for patrol changes while being only just midnight, there are a few men out and about, preparing either for their next watch or about to turn in for the night but overall it seemed like the garrison wasn't that big. 

Climbing the stairs, Heinrich trudges on, one flight passes, two flights, on the fourth they exit into a long hallway with many sets of doors on each side. 


At the end, a heavy door is partially ajar with lamp lights decorating the sides. 
Chapter Three - The Commander of the Lonely Castle


Stopping the sergeant gives two loud knocks and a gruff voice, "come in," speaks out the Sergeant moves out the way to the side before pointing his head towards the opening and following Heinrich in. 

The room is spacious, bookshelves lined the walls and were filled with books, parchments, decorative trophies and busts. 
Paintings of various figures dot the wall on each side, one of them is Heinrich's father, Darius, in a regal black and crimson coat, with his mane of jet-black hair, perfect features and dark blue eyes watching the room intently. 
A large sturdy table dominates the room, while mostly empty, the opposite head of the table stands a large man hanging over a large parchment sprawled out across the surface, figurines dot over it as if to mark locations.
The man is in a simple black and blue trimmed shirt and black trousers combo. 
His medium spiked black hair dangling over his face as he looks down, tanned skin with scars running up his arms. 
The sergeant clears his throat, "commander, Sir Gausser has just arrived from the mountain vale," the commander tired, moans as he raises his head slowly from the table. 

"A Gausser this far ou-" he stops as his bright blue eyes meet Heinrich's icy stare, a long vertical scar line from the top of his left brow down through his five o'clock shadow to the side of his neck. 
The commander pauses in a moment of recognition a half smile creeps on his tired grizzly face. 
"Heinrich it's been a while," watching for a few moments Heinrich realises, this was his old comrade back in the Guvan war.
"Tyr, I never thought you'd end up as a commander of a whole fort, who's ass have ya been smooching to get this far?" Tyr's half smile gingerly broadens at Heinrich's retort. 
"Saving your ass from that assassin apparently, your father noticed the rumours of his beastly son and black-haired friends encounter with the fabled blood reaper!" 
He points a meaty finger to the scar on his face before standing up slowly walking up to Heinrich around the table, “its not like my old position before the war but.”
Tyr pauses his eyes glazed over as if remembering something. 

"But that was many years ago, surprised to see you here, to be honest, we've been having some fun with losing livestock lately, even a couple of nights ago we heard a few sheep bleating off into the night, sent word to the higher-ups and now you're here." 
Heinrich nods, "Leon put me up to this, I also have a minor suspicion what it could be." 
He pulls out the large deep black feather which shines dimly in the candlelit room. 
Tyr stares at it while paling slightly, "sweet Astor's maiden! it must be huge, must've been something from across the border!" 

Looking down at the feather Heinrich ponders to himself about what he's just got himself into, Leon has given him another forsaken damning death job, cursing under his breath against his brother for sending him to another horrid mission. 
A sudden revelation crosses Heinrich's mind, the disappearances and their cargo it all pointed to one thing. 

"With all regards Tyr, this creature seems to have made its home in the mountain vale, trees, carts, animals, cotton and wool. This must mean it's making a nest." 
Tyr moves back to his chair and leans forward onto the desk staring down at the map laid out in front of him. 
Closer now, Heinrich can make out it's a map of the general area, most importantly the mountain vale, markers have been placed throughout the sketch of the mountains and roads, some also placed in the outskirt fields next to the west side of the castle. 
"Its home must be nearby, all the reports appear to be around about here," Tyr places a finger towards a cluster of black markers near the east side mouth of the crevasse and further west. 
Heinrich hangs over staring down trying to pinpoint the spot he had heard the creature pass through during the night. 

Looking towards the central part of the crevasse Heinrich traces his stubby fingers north of the road, "I was around here and heard him going up here a few nights ago." 
Tyr nods brushing a palm through his new stubble. 
"That was when the sheep got carried off, sadly there's much else I can do for you Heinrich, I can't risk men leaving this tower for a few days, that's kinda why we sent for outside help. 
It wasn't anything special in the beginning, the shepherds and farmers mentioning some random strange disappearances over a few weeks, carts not making it to their trade, we thought it was just some straggling brigands. 
But this creature is getting bolder now it seems, but it's getting late we'll talk more in the morning I'll bring the farmer too, maybe we can think up a plan to trap it." 
Heinrich holds his chin deep in thought for a few pauses before looking at Tyr. 

"Been sleeping rough the last few days, don't s'pose you have a spare bunk for an old friend," at this moment Heinrich's stomach growls angrily. 
"Maybe a bite and drink been drinking nought but water and tough meat?" he looks mildly embarrassed. 
Tyr's eyes crease in amusement. 
"If you don't mind peasant food lord Gausser," Tyr teases with a wide grin on his face. 
Heinrich's eyes narrow shooting an icy arrow and Tyr raises a hand in defence. 
"I'll have Arun bring you something and take you to a spare room, Sergeant!" 
A clinking sound chinks and rattles as the sergeant with his light brown hair and sharp moustache pokes around the corner of the door, "commander?"
He stares at Tyr and then back to Heinrich. 
"Find this man an accommodating room and bring him some food and drink." 
The Sergeant nods and brings his arm to his chest in salute and motions to Heinrich to follow him before starting to head off down the corridor. 
Tyr leans back in his chair in contemplation, "don't worry about getting up early Hein." 

Heinrich's gives him a lax salute and a partial smile creeps along his stone face, "I might just take the day off Commander." 
Tyr shoots him a wink before turning to a bookshelf hunting for a book. 
Heinrich follows the sergeant who's waiting down the end of the corridor. 
He leads him down two sets of stairs before diverging down another corridor, the doors partially open revealing simple rooms, some are bedrooms, some are lounges and other storage of some kind. 
"This must be a floor for guests," Heinrich judged also thinking that the castle must rarely get visitors other than recruits. 

The sergeant stands at the end of the corridor the last door on the right is open. 


"Food will be ready in roughly half an hour if there's anything else you need, I'm stationed in the main room downstairs for the night," he brings his hand to his chest in salute before heading back down the stairs at the end of the corridor. 
Heinrich gazes around the room it's his first for three nights. 

Much more accommodating than his room at the inn. 

A reasonably sized window takes up a part of the wall on its immediate right is a large queen-sized bed wrapped in a thick cotton and linen sheet, there's an oak desk at his left with an iron lantern at its side. 
A decent wardrobe next to it in the far corner, opening up to find nothing but crude hangers. 
A bookshelf is partially hidden behind the door lined with books of history, stories of the area and Astor in general. 
Twenty minutes pass, Heinrich is in the midst of diligently maintaining his armour, crossbow and mace at the desk, cleaning off the various dirts and grime from sleeping rough over the last few days. 
He's down to his under-shirt and trousers, his bag placed next to him. 

A light knock taps at the door and a man appears with a tray of very well-cooked meats of mutton and beef with a dish of various root vegetables. 
The man has a short buzz cut dark hair and light brown eyes, his features are young and defined, he's probably in his early twenties. 


Dressed in standard Astor colours of blue and silver with chain mail, except the silver moon has one star in the centre indicating vanguard which all forts guards and scouts next to borders have. 
"Sir Gausser, your food," his eyes dazzle as he gazes upon Heinrich as if seeing a military legend in front of him. 
Heinrich pats the empty side of his desk, eyeing the vanguard recruit. 
Placing the tray on the desk before walking backwards out of the room not breaking the stare. 

Spending the next hour munching and polishing, Heinrich eventually falls into the large and very soft bed. 

Deep sleep wraps his vision, dreams of wings and growls fill the night followed by the same dream of his father walking off the path, the same giant mountain staring down at him. 

The voice echoing gibberish in his mind.
The same words, “mein haer, mein sleev berkohn un tohr mei.” 
The next day starts with a loud chime, as a large bell is rung manically. 
Weary from his dreamlike stupor Heinrich leans out of the bed and pulls a curtain to see what could be happening. 
The bright mid-morning light floods in as he attunes his eyes to see the walls below him, a vast set of fields and paddocks roll along his vision with a set of large mountains filling the reaches of the horizon and a long crack separates them in two. 

In the distance between the edge of the hills and the long-stretched fields. 
Men in blue and silver are rushing out fully armed, up to a massive black creature, which swipes with a trunk like paw towards one of the men. 
He falls and remains unmoving on the dusty ground. 
The guards stop in a moment of pause glancing down to their fallen friend and begin lowering themselves into defensive postures while the giant mimics them and begins circling. 
Its wings unfurling exerting its massive size and majestic shadowy opalescent feathers, it leans back and postures, a massive startling roar revealing its gloriously thick matted mane as it howls into the air. 

The soldiers clutching their ears and lowering themselves to the ground in pathetic jeopardy. 

Seizing the initiative again, the horrific beast lashes down and clamps on a soldier's arm with its deadly bestial jaws, the man lets out a shrilling scream as an audible crack penetrates the air. 

The creature quickly throws him aside like a cheap marionette and swipes a strange long black chitinous tail towards a guard regaining his poise behind the creature. 
A bulbous pointed extrusion on the end of the horrific tail slams point first into the man's left shoulder, embedding itself through his chain mail effortlessly. 
He grunts gritting his teeth through the impact before his body seizes up, his veins turning black and putrid upon his neck. 
His eyes begin to lull back and froth forms at his mouth as he is pushed aside by the momentum of the tail, falling limp on the ground shaking convulsively. 

A fresh pack of blue and silver appear led, by a bulky figure in plate, his shoulder pauldron proudly shining the cross insignia of sergeant, barking orders to the frightened men who begin to form a wide cone around the creature holding shields closer to their sides. 
The following men pulling and nocking their longbows aiming towards the rampaging death. 
While this happens, Heinrich is quickly fastening his armour watching in awe and terror over the onslaught. 
Still trying to figure out what kind of creature this could possibly be. 
"Fire!" sergeant Arun yells as a volley of arrows flings themselves towards the winged monstrosity, some of them miss high or are flung off course by the creatures' wings. 
It lets out a pained howl before pouncing into the centre line knocking the outside line aside with its buffeting wings. 

The men underneath the weight raise their swords thrusting towards the creature, some not making enough momentum are tossed aside and only one sword strikes true into the beast before being shaken off like a toothpick. 

Stampeding, it crushes and incapacitates the closest most unfortunate men beneath its bulky thick mass, some of them scream out before being silenced by either paw or jaw. 

Sergeant Arun charges ahead with his pike lancing it into the creature striking true he inflicts a heavy blow into its shoulder, his glaring amber eyes and short hair glinting in sweat. 

The beast turns as if on a pin point, swiping its tail towards another guard knocking him off his feet, fixing its deep red eyes upon the sergeant and growls with a guttural croak. 

Heinrich grips his crossbow throwing its strap over his shoulder and clasping his heavy dark mace.

He quickly peers over his shoulder seeing Arun holding his ground against the monster, dodging and ducking against its furious swipes but its making ground against the sergeant pushing him towards the fort whilst slamming any other guard with its wings and swatting them harshly aside with its tail. 

A gallant horn is heard as a figure dressed head to toe in spiked bright silver plate. 
A blue plume adorns his helmet while wielding a thick large blue and silver shield, engraved with the vanguard insignia with a V below it marking commander status. 
"Shit, Tyr's throwing himself to his death again."

Remembering the time he threw himself at the fabled assassin and receiving the slash upon his face. 

Running out of the room, surprisingly dexterous for a lumbering boar he charges down the corridor and stairs into the main room, the few civilians that live here for farming are hiding inside they all look to Heinrich, frightened at the sudden mass stomping through. 

Pushing the door aside Heinrich looks down to the gate long bowmen positioned on the outpost towers nocking and letting loose arrows, he quickly loads his crossbow as he runs down to the gate and sees the creature up close. 

Finally, he can get a better look at the creature. 
Black smooth thick but bristly fur lines its long lion body with a great and powerful mane, its feline maw baring its teeth with a wicked snarl. 
Its humongous hawk wings engulfed in thick shadowy opalescent feathers and a long scorpion tale affixed with a bloody barb. 
Heinrich knew this from his studies on beasts of Guvan. 
This was a manticore. 

Placing his mace aside on his belt, he raises his crossbow and aiming carefully he shoots a bolt at the manticore glancing into its side. 

But the creature doesn't pay much mind as it focuses on the two warriors in front of it. 
Tyr has pushed in front of Arun to protect him raising his shield and deflecting with his longsword. 
He holds his ground and the attention of the monster while Arun exploits the openings Tyr gives. 
Striking out with his great pike jabbing and striking the creature. 

Roaring in pain at the surprising defence, it rears turning quickly to it's left bringing its chitinous tail around, low sweeping Tyr and Arun, knocking them onto their back. 
Lunging quickly the manticore bears its massive jaw down on Tyr crunching into his leg, he lets out a guttural scream. 
The manticore black crimson with the blood of its own and the men it slaughtered, grips Tyr's leg in his mouth and begins buffeting its gigantic wings. 
Heinrich in the meantime is charging forward brandishing his heavy dark mace when he sees his old friend slam onto the floor. 
"Shit," he exclaims now recklessly running. 

Before he can close any further, he sees as Tyr's leg is engulfed in its hairy mane, its jaws clamping down and breaking his leg. 
His scream and a sickening snap is all Heinrich hears as its massive wings begin to flap with Tyr's leg clutched in his mouth as it takes to the skies. 
"Tyr, no!" Heinrich shouts to the sky watching his friend being taken towards the chasm. 
Arun is only just getting up to his feet, staring in disbelief while leaning on his pike. 

Heinrich turns to Arun, "I need a horse," he looks to Heinrich then to the mountainous horizon and back to the fort. 
The archers with their longbows gazing out towards where their leader has gone. 
"Men ready the fastest horse for this man," one of the guards disappears off and reappears with one of the messenger stallions. 

Heinrich has only seen the bulky tall and thick horses of Astor. 

Chapter Four - The Boar and the Lion


The messenger horse is a stout mottled brown and cream mountain horse. 
Sleek and nimble with a thick long blonde mane. 

With a quick fist to his chest in salute, he mounts the stallion and dashes off in the direction of the crevasse. 

What took him almost a whole day he arrives in a few hours. 
Seeing the tell-tale slashes in the ground and breakages in the trees. 
Dismounting the mountain horse and hiding the creature in a cluster of trees and bushes. 
He eyes the north side of the mountain vale road trying to make out any signs of a cave or nest in the distance. 
Not seeing any signs, he decides to follow the slashes and gouges in the ground and wall. 
Cautiously climbing the forty-foot cliff side and reaching the top. 
Investigating the floor and area the trail is old but it leads him further north-east up a mountain. 

After an hour of hiking, Heinrich comes across rubble but not just loose rocks. 
Bones and shattered wood. 
He knew he was close and over a closer study these bones were mixed some seemed to belong to beasts and some belonged to humans. 
They were already picked clean by insects and small animals and were beginning to show signs of yellowing, "this must be some of the cart wreckage, it probably swooped down and grabbed the cart, animal and driver." 
Grabbing a nearby long plank and standing it up in the loose ground he leaves it as a marker. 

Continuing the hike and trying to keep track of the path laid out in front of him. 
It's about the late afternoon when Heinrich comes across a large dark cave, overlooking the mountain range. 
Bones, debris and feathers scatter from the entrance. 
“It’s been some time, I hope Tyrs still alive,” Heinrich mutters to himself. 

The bones and ruined wood crunching and cracking beneath his feet as he enters the abyss.  
Torch-less but still dimly lit from the lowering sun, the cavern is mostly straight. 
Heinrich realises the stupidity of entering a dark cave with a wounded manticore lurking inside.  
He scavenges along the floor, planks of wood are plentiful, picked clean bones, scraps of cloth and desiccated wool.  

He had enough to form a makeshift torch. 

To light it, he would need a spark, he reaches into his back pouch for his dagger and begins striking it against his mace eventually getting a small torch going.  
Placing the now chipped and ruined dagger back into his pouch. 
Raising the torch, he carries on his trek, with the cavern remaining wide and deep.  
Animal bones and the stench of rot increasing the further he delves.  
Passing by a small pile of rubble Heinrich hears a light groaning and shines his torch towards the sound.  
Next to the wall of the cave between the rubble is Tyr, his once shiny spiked silver and blue armour.  
Is now grey, chipped and covered with dirt and dust.  

His leg mangled and broken, his tower shield and longsword are no longer with him as he leans next to the wall.  
His blue eyes wincing at the light and brown hair laden in sweat.  
His long scar that cuts from the top of his left eye down to his neck is stained with dirt, his unshaven face grubby with dust. 

“Heinrich... You shouldn’t have come,” his voice is hoarse, he coughs to clear his throat.  
Tyr’s eyes dart back and forth from Heinrich to around him.  
“It's close Heinrich. Its resting but its wounded,” he peers over his shoulder.  
“That's good, now's the time to put an end to this eh Tyr,” Heinrich kneels down, looking over Tyr’s condition, shining the crude torch where needed.
 
“He looks shaken and in shock which is obviously because he was dragged leg first in the sky, his leg is badly broken but not bleeding. He’s not going to be running around any time soon,” Heinrich thought to himself as he stands up. 
“I’m going to finish this, just wait here,” Heinrich says with a cheeky smirk, Tyr looks up with an annoyed but dazed face and nods slowly.  
Heinrich pats his shoulder and shoots him a wink as he stands up, feeling confident the beast won't be too strong now, he marches with intent deeper into the darkness. 
Not much time passes in the abyssal cavern, until the wide cave opens out to an enormous space.
The air is thick and musky reeking of rot and stale air.  
The ground is littered with bones mostly animal but some appear to be human.  
Elements and piles of wood are scattered around the room, with large patches of cotton and wool spread along the floor.  
Its strangely empty and there's no sign of the manticore or anything just bones, wood and wool.  
Peering to a nearby stack of debris, Heinrich throws the torch onto it.  
Slowly the fire lights up, bringing in light to the abyssal darkness.
Embers catching wool and cotton, further igniting other parts of the room.

Now the whole cavern is brightly lit, but still nothing, emptiness in the near silent pocket. 
Heinrich glances around but cant see anything resembling a manticore. 

Until a feather floats down from above and catches a spark of flame. 
Turning from a shadowy black into shimmering cinders.
A drop of liquid taps on Heinrich’s head, he swipes it with his hand.  
It was crimson red.  
Blood. 
“Oh shit,” he curses under his breath as he looks up and before his eyes can reach the ceiling.

A massive black form drops in front of him, blowing out several small fires which reignite once more.  

Standing proud and menacing. 

The manticore spreads its large beautiful wings wide and lets out a massive bestial roar, echoing horrifically across the tunnels. 

It’s dark black mane, dried and matted from its previous fight. 

Its eyes glowing a fiery red, staring down at Heinrich. 
Its chitinous black scorpion tail curls above its giant horrific yet magnificent form. 

Heinrich draws his black steel mace and shrinks into a low stance preparing for what’s coming next. 

“This is going to be fun,” he growls. 
Without hesitation the manticore lunges forward while buffeting its wings, knocking embers along the cavern with picturesque beauty. 
Heinrich rolls with deft precision to his left as the creature throws itself past his right. 
The creature continues its onslaught sweeping its long horrid tail, bones and fire cascading into the air as the tail attempts to slam and impale Heinrich. 
As if in a gauntlet, Heinrich jumps over the swinging tail and dashes closer to the manticore. 
Bringing his mace in, he slams it into the back of the manticore’s leg, with a deadening thud. 

The manticore lets out a raspy howl, turning to face back to Heinrich, swiping its wing into him mid-turn. 
The torrent of feathers slaps against Heinrich, causing him to fall to his side, unable to duck quick enough from the feathery mass. 
The manticore moves closer to the downed boar. 

Bringing a tree trunk like paw down onto Heinrich’s chest, he feels the cracking sensation of a few of his ribs snapping and sapping the air from his lungs.  
He lets out a pained shout, feeling the weight of the manticore pressing him into the ground, the bones under him crack along with his in a sickly unison. 
Heinrich reaches to his belt, as the creature begins to bring its huge jaws down for the coup de grace, its stale breath moistening his face. 
He pulls out the chipped and jagged dagger and without pause thrusts it desperately into the roof of the Manticore’s terrifying jaws. 
The Manticore’s mouth quickly jams down onto Heinrich’s left arm, lifting him into the air like a dog with a chew toy.
The monster throws him across the room, while wailing from the pain. 
Heinrich slides across the ground, smashes through a pile of flaming wood, cinders cascading into the air and showering the room. 

He grits his teeth holding his arm while standing up, it was dislocated and only scratched from the teeth. 
Luckily his armour took most of the brunt, but his wrist gauntlet is completely ruined, the black leather sheered and torn. 
Disgustingly Heinrich grabs his arm, gritting his teeth and grunting harshly he pulls it back into its socket.
A sickening cracking and crunching sound reverberates through his body. 
With one last pull, his arm slips into its socket. 
The muscles ache and scream with agony reducing to a numbing but prominent pain, any movement causing a dull myriad amount of pain.

Looking over towards the manticore, the massive creature is facing away attempting to remove the dagger from the roof of its mouth, roaring and growling in pain. 
Heinrich reaches and groans, pulling out his crossbow and loads a shot, he aims for the creatures rib cage. 
The constant flailing of the beast and his ragged rasping from his broken chest makes it difficult for him to get a clear shot. 
He lets loose the bolt with pained precision, stabbing into the belly of the beast. 
The manticore pauses growling as the bolt seeps into its soft flesh. 

It turns. 
Its eyes fiery and filled with rage, ignoring the searing pain from the dagger inside of its jaw. 
“Oh boy, he looks mad,” Heinrich gasps as the beast takes to the air, throwing itself at Heinrich once again.

He dives forward as the beast assails over him, forward rolling and getting to his feet, he turns back to face it, gasping for air.  
The beast also in mid-turn starts shifting momentum into a charge. 
It bounds closer, as Heinrich brings his mace to his side and postures to swing with all his might in a desperate bid to survive.
The fires are slowly fading, as the cotton and wood begin to change into charcoal and ash.
Within striking distance Heinrich swings into the jaw of the manticore, bashing it with primal instinct, knocking a few giant teeth aside. 

The beast's momentum continues as it ploughs into Heinrich, both of them fall to the ground next to each other.
Heinrich stands up one arm clutching his ribs, the impact has worsened his condition coupled with the pain in his left shoulder. 
Remembering he has a trump card, that healing water Bard sold him before his journey began. 
“If that damned bastard lied to me, I'll have his head,” he grumbles wickedly to himself, gasping for air.

The manticore raises itself. 
Old wounds beginning to reopen and deteriorate, barely getting a rest from the fight at the castle. 
New wounds dealt from Heinrich amplify the pain of the old.
Not prepared to die, it postures itself, growling towards the limping boar. 
Heinrich in turn postures himself and keeps in mind of his trump card, he too doesn’t want his journey to end here.

They spend a few minutes circling each other, sizing their opponent up as the cavern dims further. 
Only the larger stacks remain on fire and patches of darkness begin to appear around the room. 
Heinrich glances around, taking note of any dark areas he can make use of.
His black leather would prove excellent in this scenario but so can his opponent make good use of this. 
Taking thought, he knew he was running out of time. 
The moment the fire runs out he will be at a major disadvantage and probably die as a result.
The manticore catches Heinrich’s moment of thought and lashes out with a deadly paw. 

Heinrich jumps back and manages to just evade it but the manticore doesn’t stop there and furthers its assault by using momentum to spin, bringing out its scorpion tail, sweeping across the air. 
Heinrich knows he won’t be able to dodge this, desperately he brings his mace across and deflects the tail over his head. 
The impact almost knocks the weapon from his hand, but the strike cracks the tail in return.

Heinrich winces, his chest screaming and his shoulder going numb, but this isn't going to slow him as adrenaline courses through his veins, the pain dulls slightly.
The manticore buffets its rival with its giant wings from the side, extinguishing further flames. 
Heinrich ducks back and swiftly leaps forward with his weight, he swings his mace down onto the flailing wing. 
He hears an audible snap as the beasts left wing goes limp towards the centre. 
A bone juts out awkwardly and the great beast lets out a wail. 
Swinging its head desperately, it bashes Heinrich across the ground. 

As he skates across the bone covered floor once more, he seizes the time he made raising his crossbow, Heinrich loads another bolt and quickly snapshots it into the monster. 

The crossbow clicks and slings the bolt into the neck of the violent beast. 
The manticore howls, shaking the cavern. 
It’s starting to look rough and desperate. 
Despite its wounds, it throws itself at Heinrich, crimson dripping from its horrific mouth. 
Heinrich barely rolls out of the way as the monster quickly swings its tail barb at Heinrich on the ground. 

He leans to the left dodging, it pulls up and drops again, he rolls to the right barely escaping. 
The beast turns to its quarry raking the ground with its horrid claws, attempting to eviscerate Heinrich, dodging side to side on the ground. 

Deflecting and evading Heinrich tries to make space between himself and the monster. 
He tries to get up but the beast clamps its bloody jaws onto his leg, not as hard as it used to, fatigue is taking over on the beast.
Even in dire straights it still manages to throw Heinrich like a limp marionette across the room slamming into the wall. 
Air escapes his lungs once more and the pain of his ribs re-affirms its presence. 
Heinrich feels a crunching snapping sound, but it wasn’t him. 
He pulls out the crossbow and sees part of the crossbows arm has shattered rendering it useless.
Heinrich begins to cough, wiping his mouth, blood covers his damaged gauntlets sleeve. 
“This isn’t getting fun any more,” he mumbles to himself, his voice ragged and rough as the taste of iron fills his senses.

The manticore is trudging up to Heinrich, its once beautiful black wing drags limply across the floor. 
Blood oozing from its mouth, neck and stomach. 

Any wounds delivered on it from the fight at the castle are now open and dribbling disgustingly. 
The light pattering of blood dashing the bones as the creatures breathing becomes forced and harsh.
Heinrich reaches into his pouch and pulls the vial out. 
“Time for a quick drink,” he says, hoping this newly found panacea works. 
He pops the cork and quickly downs the shot of strange liquid he bought from Bard Duras.
 
It's taste of strange herbs and thick mucus coats across his mouth, cleaning his pallet of iron. 
Nothing happens at first, Heinrich mutters and curses to himself over his foolish trust in a old friend. 
But as he raises his mace, a strange feeling washes over him. 

His numb shoulder fizzes and cracks, feeling anew and rejuvenated like he’s just had a massage from a mistress. 
His ribs burn as if on fire, but the pain slowly fades. 
His breathing becomes less ragged and vigour returns to him as if he has had a good night sleep.

Gripping his mace, he looks up at the manticore as it limps towards him. 

“Praise the maiden for Bards dubious sales,” a half smile creeps along his arrogant dirty face. 

Heinrich dashes with new found energy, circling the creature scoping any weakness. 
A crack in its horrific tail, a broken wing with a bone pushing sickly against its feathered skin, dagger in the roof of its mouth and various open wounds across its body. 
The creature keeps its unrelenting gaze in Heinrich’s direction, watching him with intent fury, swinging the scorpion tail or slamming a heavy paw towards him like a cornered cat. 
Judging accordingly, Heinrich ducks in from the side dodging the tail, smashing his mace against the hard exoskeleton of the tail. 
Scoring some hits, but nothing seems to tear its chitinous hide. 
The manticore spins with quick feline precision and slaps him aside with its good wing, knocking Heinrich to the ground.
He gets to his feet, keeping the aggression on, this time batting it in the chest next to its broken wing. 
The strike pummels the creature, making a satisfying cracking sound as the mace dents into the monsters ribcage. 

The beast not going down easily lashes out nearly missing but clips Heinrich’s right arm with its gigantic paw, knocking his mace out of his hand.

The mace flies off into the shadows, as Heinrich’s eyes go wide, the sound of clinking and bones snapping as his favoured weapon disappears from view. 

“Oh shit, shit, shit!” he exclaims as he dashes back out of the beast's deadly range.

His recklessness has left him with no weapons, the mace gone, the crossbow broken and the dagger lodged in the beast's mouth. 
He’s left to improvise, quickly he searches the ground with his piercing icicle eyes. 
Only charred wood and bones litter the ground around him.
The beast was almost on top of him as he searched desperately around him. 
It lunges one last time at its vulnerable prey knocking him down, Heinrich is underneath the creature once more.
Fear now rampant on his dirt covered face, panicking Heinrich reaches for anything he can use to protect himself. 

Something finds his grip. 
The manticore stands over him and bares its jaws down onto Heinrich, its stale breath of rot and death wafting across him.

Blood still oozing from its mouth, dripping onto Heinrich’s face. 
Desperately he brings his gripped item towards the eye of the manticore as its mouth begins to close in fatally for Heinrich’s head.

A sharp broken bone thrusts into the Manticore’s eye, crimsons spurts from the wound as the eye pops like a sickly bloody zit. 

The beast wails, raising its head and whimpers as Heinrich grips its mane.
He continues to frantically stab the beast with the broken jagged bone. 
Heinrich sometimes missing the eye in his chaotic flailing but still impaling the creature, it bucks violently falling to its side onto a fire, with the boar still shanking the side of the creature's face. 
Crimson and gore spewing across the boar of the vale, as he manically stabs the monster. 
The eye, the neck and the jaw, he gave no pause until the creature fell silent and limp.

Minutes pass the creature is silent, its neck and side of the face reduced to a red paste and bare bone. 

Blood loss and pain succumbed the creature.
Heinrich sits a few paces away, his back against the wall of the cavern, gazing at the beast he’s slain. 

He reeked of burnt flesh, gore and rot, his armour now stained of blood and ash. 
He sat exhausted from the battle but knowing he still needs to help Tyr, his old friend.
He raises to his feet and spends some time searching for his favoured mace. 

Twenty minutes pass he finally finds it and holds it in his meaty gore covered grip. 
“I really need a change of weapon, this is only good for bandits,” he groans to himself alone in the dimming cavern.
He looks over the manticore, wondering what he could salvage as proof for the merchant. 
Teeth, the hanging wing, claws and the bloodied head. 
A few of these would suffice. 
He reaches gingerly into its still dead mouth and pulls on the dagger which is embedded into the upper skull of the monster. 
A good tugging with his exhausted arms and it comes loose. 
Heinrich begins cutting a portion of the broken wing, a tooth and foot, loose from the beast with the jagged dagger.

He fumbles it all into his large empty black leather bag, glances over his shattered crossbow and moans, “not this again, every single time.” 
Picking the mangled weapon up and straps it to his side. 
He scrapes together a torch with the remaining unburned wood and sets off back from where he came from. 

A few minutes pass in the abyss as he walks up to where Tyr is. 
Tyr’s eyes squint as he looks up, completely confused and surprised, “Hein, is it dead... How are you still alive, sweet maiden you’re filthy!” 
Heinrich kneels, placing his hand on Tyrs shoulder, “It’s dead Tyr and remind me to slap the living shit out of my brother.” 

Tyr breaks into a surprised laugh, “holy maiden of Astor, Hein, how the hell did you do it?” 
Heinrich pats his shoulder, “soon, come now looks like I have to carry you again.” 
He smirks at his friend, while Tyr’s eyes narrow. 
Tyr sighs and holds up his arm. It takes a few hours to shuffle Tyr out of the cavern and back down the mountain to the horse. 
“Hein, seriously there’s not a scratch on you,” Tyrs eyes are completely in disbelief. 
As Heinrich hoists him onto the horse, he takes off his bag and pulls out part of the wing. 
“I did kill it, it was fun for a minute until I was being thrown across the room all the time, I will not be doing it again.”

It’s already starting to get dark, the sun setting and the sky going purple and orange. 
The two moons show themselves up in the darkening night sky, a large great white moon in the north, known as Ju, and a smaller grey moon in the east known as Ta. 
The still silence fills the crevasse like the last time Heinrich crossed this area. 
He realises why there are no sounds in the air. 
“Well that explains all the bones, the manticore must’ve killed all the wildlife and predators in the area,” Tyr takes in what Heinrich’s says but remains mostly silent occasionally wincing and leaning forward clutching his leg.
Heinrich could feel Tyr staring at him. 
Chapter Five - Return to the Lonely Castle


They choose not to rest and continue through the night. 
Eventually the next day, during the afternoon, the crack of the mountain vale road opens up. 
The sun well past its Zenith, the cool afternoon air wafting past feeling refreshing as the heat of the sun shines down on the weary duo.
The endless fields surrounding the lone castle of OakVale. 

Guards were already flooding out of the gates led by sergeant Arun who is already rushing far ahead. 
His large pike and armoured pauldron shining against the afternoon sun’s rays. 
His chainmail chinking and clanging in his stride, he stops in front of the two tired travellers.
“Good holy maiden you’re both alive,” he glances over Heinrich. 
“And not even wounded, is that foul beast dead?” 
Heinrich pulls out part of the wing in his bag and Arun stares, a surge of surprise across his features. 
“Whoa, Tyr was never wrong about you,” he exclaims in wonder. 

Some of the guards have caught up, already cheering at the sight of the wing. 
A few of them are baffled as well by Heinrich’s relatively untouched appearance other than his damaged armour.

Some of the guards usher around Tyr, helping him off the horse and into the castle. 
Heinrich is not sure with the layout of Oakvale, so he follows behind as they whisk Tyr off to the infirmary.
It seemed familiar to him but its been over six years since he last set foot here. 
Since the worst injury Tyr suffered was a broken leg and being swung about in the air. 
The most that the field medic could do was strip him of his armour and splint his leg. 
“My commander there’s not much I can do, you need to head to Hallorn or the capital, I fear you won't walk again unless you get better help,” the medic helps Tyr up on the side of the bed. 

Tyr sits, thinking to himself, as Heinrich watches, rolling a hand through his stubble. 
The infirmary of Oakvale was a large room on the ground floor just off the main room. 
It was a cluster of eight beds, all but one are full of injured men from the attack on the castle yesterday. 
Mostly broken bones, but one man has had to have his arm amputated. 
None of the people who died in the fight are put in this room but Heinrich suspects a good portion of the garrison was injured and maybe even killed in the fight against the black manticore.
The room itself is long, clean and simple with a door at the end on the right, probably the field medics office or operating room. 
Along with the beds, the room is minimalist but reeks of spirits and sweat. 
“Either way we need to report this, someone send a messenger to Redwood and I’ll begin to head to Redwood as well. Prepare a cart and we’ll head off as soon as we can,” Arun who was nearby, stands to attention, he brings his fist to his chest in a military salute. 

Arun is shorter than Heinrich but just as well built, clean shaven apart from a well-groomed moustache, his brown hair is messy and short, probably from a sleepless night. 
He watches his commanding officer sternly with his amber eyes. 
Arun turns off out of the room and begins barking various orders to the remaining retinue.
Heinrich peers out of the room, as a short man in light chainmail and a blue tabard, runs off in the direction of the stables. 
Hooves stamping can only just be heard as what appeared to be the messenger, cantering off out of the gate.
“Arun I’ll join the commander on the way back to Redwood and possibly to Hallorn,” Arun turns back towards Heinrich and gives him a pleasant nod and a half smile. 
“I’ll go make the adjustments the cart will be ready in the morning,” Arun races off outside the castle. 
Heinrich leans against the stone wall of the main hall and lets out a long drawn out sigh. 

Tyr comes out of the infirmary, hobbling feebly with a crutch, the colour finally coming back to his face. 
“Why is it, I always get injured when you show up Hein,” he pulls a weak cheeky grin towards Heinrich. 

“Nice to see you’re almost back to your normal self, I thought after a few years from the war, you’d learn to not throw yourself at conflicts,” he lays a hand on Tyr’s shoulder. 
“Let’s get a drink, just like old times,” Tyr looks up, smiles meekly before heading outside of the castle. 
Heinrich follows besides Tyr offering silent support, as they trudge down the castle path to a building on the opposite side of the fort, attached to the castle itself.
It looks almost like a small tavern, perched up against the large keep. 
Made of wood, it’s front double doors are wide open and welcoming. 
The chatter of men and the clinking of glasses can be heard as they walk closer to the building.
Inside it’s a small bar with a dozen reasonably sized tables dotted around the room, with comfy looking wooden chairs sitting around them. 
A few of the tables are taken by farm hands, who are gossiping and chatting while nursing tankards.
Some of them stop mid-speech looking towards Heinrich and Tyr. 

Others turn back to their drinks and mutter inaudible conversations to their friends.
The tired two grab a table close to the front of the bar, the keeper nods to both of them and heads over to their table. 

He’s a scruffy looking man with a thick ginger beard and short’ish hair, wearing simple clothes and a half waist apron.
“You guys did a good job out there, I was watching from the castle, I could never do what you guys do, thank you,” he looks over to Heinrich. 

“I normally charge strangers that aren’t part of the military, but it’s on the house for what you’ve done for us, what can I get you guys?” Heinrich looks up to the barkeeper already with a drink in mind.
“I’ll take a bottle of whiskey, Tyr will share,” the barkeep bows slightly, walks off behind the front of house and pulls out a sizeable bottle of Oakvale whiskey. 
After collecting a few nice wooden goblets, he places the lot on the table. 
“Need anything else just ask,” the barkeep says kindly before heading back to his post. 
Heinrich holds the bottle in hand. 
Labels are mostly rare in Astor, but bottles usually have wax insignias on them to mark where they’ve come from. 

The house bottles don't usually have wax labels and the ones that do are imports or ones for export. 
Some rare vintages in Astor have labels on them, they’re usually reserved for nobility or wealthy alike.

This one was one of them, it was marked with ink and quill. 

Oakvale 
three twenty-five 
Young five
Three twenty-five being the year it was bottled and young five meaning how long it was left to mature. 
Heinrich thinks to himself, years don’t normally cross his mind these days. 
But lost in thought, the Guvan war ended at least three years ago in three twenty-four. 
Astor and Guvan being in a cold tense peace since then, the war lasted for eight years after the current King Taric’s father King Jerim III was assassinated by what is known now as the blood reaper. 
Most of the battles were fought in the south next to Hast, Arlen and Asterik.

Uncorking the top of the bottle with a nice satisfying pop, Heinrich pours the clear brown liquid into the goblet. 

He runs it under his nose. 

The sweet scent of oak, roasted nuts and alcohol waft and twinge against his nostrils. 
This is a strong brew. 
He pours a goblet out for Tyr who also enjoys the aroma it provides. 
Taking a sip, the burn tingles and washes through his mouth leaving an aftertaste of wood for a moment. 
“That beast almost had us huh?” he eyes Tyr who also takes a long draught of it. 
“No really Hein, how did you do it?” his eyes watching Heinrich closely. 
He recollects the fight over with Tyr including the moments when the beast shattered his ribs and dislocated his arm, “how are you not still injured?” 
Heinrich looks up and takes another sip of the whiskey. 

"It's strange before I left Redwood, I bought a vial of liquid from Bard,” Tyr tilts his head slightly to one side, recollection flashing along his face. 
“Bard Duras, he's a merchant now isn’t he?” Heinrich nods and carries on. 
“Yes the vial is what healed me, he said it was made by some guys in Asterik something called alchemy?” Tyr perks up and leans forward, wincing from his broken leg. 

“I’ve heard of that from messengers, things are changing Hein and I’m not sure if it’s good or bad,” something was happening and this probably meant he’d need to see his father. 
A frown stretches across his face as he spins the liquid in his goblet, “we probably need to get to Hallorn soon Tyr, somethings not right." 
Sergeant Arun quickly enters the tavern with a short and thin soldier following closely behind, “commander one of our scouts has returned from the east.” 
Tyr turns to face Arun in the chair, his eyes narrowing, “what is it?” 

The scout pushes past and does a quick salute, “sir if I may, it’s about the river to the east.” 
Tyr slowly rises out of his chair leaning on his crutch, “let’s talk about it back in the keep.” 
Tyr looks over his shoulder at Heinrich, who just raises his glass, “We’ll talk tomorrow Tyr.” 
He nods and begins hobbling out of the small tavern. 

Heinrich leans back into his chair collecting his thoughts and processing over the last few days of chaos, sipping the whiskey and feeling a slow warmth filling his body. 
He stares up to the ceiling of the tavern and thinks to himself. 
Wondering what could move a manticore so far west into the mountains, usually, they're found far east of the large river that cuts through Guvan. 
In an area known as Tsuran desert, a hard rocky and arid land of central Guvan, usually hiding in the caves there. 
Either way, his next duty was to return to his employer, Arnold Barnaby the owner of the Mountain Vales Finest Tailors, to collect his payment. 
He also needed to chase up Bard, to get more supplies.

Thirty minutes pass as Heinrich makes his way back up to the castle, swaying side to side, intoxicated by the whiskey and an empty stomach. 
Arun is still moving about the castle keeping order and making sure everyone is doing their patrols, Heinrich catches his eye and Arun raises an eyebrow to the drunk boar. 
“Sir Heinrich have you eaten anything?” he eyes him as Heinrich stumbles over towards him. 

“Frankly, nope haven’t shtopped, since yesterday,” he lets out a hiccup and a smile twinges on Arun’s very professional face. 
“Your room is the same one as the other night, we’ll bring some food up soon, Tyr is busy at the moment and you’re well,” Heinrich raises a clumsy hand. 
“I’m not that drunk!” he shouts. 
A few nearby guards moving about the castle glance quickly at Heinrich, they also raise an eyebrow before moving back to what they were doing. 
“As I said earlier Heinrich, the cart will be ready in the morning and we will let you know, anyway I need to get back to work,” he smiles before heading off out the castle. 
Clumsily Heinrich fumbles up two flights of stairs, falling up them at times. 
Before he reaches the long corridor with doors lining the sides, the floorboards creaking as he half trips over his own feet. 
The doors still partially ajar like the last time he was lead to his room, inside some of them are bedrooms, others are lounges or meeting rooms. 
His room was the last door on the right.

As he enters his room, there’s a large queen sized bed wrapped in a thick cotton and linen sheet, soft and beckoning to Heinrich. 
Next to it is a large window with a thick curtain, the view is pitch black, save for lights of small patrols of the guards. 
From this window he watched the manticore begin its assault against the castle. 
On his left is the oak desk he sat at the night before, polishing his armour and weapon. 
He lazily places his bag onto the chair and begins taking off his scuffed and damaged armour. 
Dried manticore blood still stained his undershirt. 

Closing the door slightly, he reveals the hiding bookshelf lined with various books.
Moaning to himself as he pulls out his broken crossbow and tosses it onto the desk, he falls backwards onto the bed, it almost engulfs him as he stares up at the ceiling. 

Twenty minutes pass as Heinrich lays in a trance-like state, the room spinning but slowing down. 
He was beginning to sober up when a knock at the door makes its presence. 
He sits up abruptly as if awoken. 
A familiar young man, with dark buzz cut style hair, enters gingerly with a tray of meats and root vegetables.
“Wasn’t he the guy yesterday that brought up food,” Heinrich thought himself.

Soberly he watches the young man who’s light brown eyes gaze at him, “your food Sir Gausser!” 
Heinrich points lazily to the desk, “you served me yesterday, what’s your name?” 
The young man flinches slightly caught off guard, as he places the tray of food down on the desk. 
“My name?” he replies as if mystified, Heinrich raises an eyebrow slightly at the answer, his silver eyes a cool ice. 
“I mean it’s Dennis,” he now looks mildly mortified. 
“You have a family Dennis?” Heinrich probes with curiosity. 
“Yeah a father, mother and sister, wife and daughter they live in Cedar. Haven’t seen them in a few years now,” Dennis leans against the wall slightly in his blue and silver chainmail. 
“Do you get on with them?” he frowns at Heinrich’s question. 
“Of course I do, they were proud the day I told them I was going defend the country and join the military,” he eyes Heinrich curiously. 
“You’re lucky,” Heinrich thinks to himself before sighing. 
“Protect your family as you do our country Dennis,” Heinrich brings his wrist to his chest in salute, Dennis smiles and does the same. 
“I best get back to work before the sergeant notices, thanks sir,” he rushes out of the room and down the corridor.
Heinrich stands, stumbling slightly and moves over to the food. 

Sitting at the desk he slowly eats through the lamb and vegetables. 
While not pristinely cooked and seasoned, it was still a pleasant dinner, it certainly beat eating salted meats over his journey across the crevasse a few days ago. 
After finishing his more than adequate meal he throws himself into the extremely soft bed and falls into a deep slumber.
Chapter Six - Storms and the Mountain


He dreams of a gargantuan mountain that stands tall over a cluster of far smaller mountains. 
It was quiet and his vision slowly drew closer to the icy peaks, a few moments pass, he was climbing through the rocky terrain and at other times he was floating high above the ground. 

The ground quakes beneath him, as a mouth opens wide in the mountain, beckoning and dragging him to come closer. 

Unable to evade or move, Heinrich is slowly drawn in and pulled into the dark abyss of the mountains ominous mouth. 
Falling for what seemed hours, he lands in a subterranean cavern with a heavy thud throwing a cloud of dust into the air as well as knocking the wind straight from his lungs.
The air is heavy in this cave, making it difficult to breathe. 
He was deep inside the belly of the mountain, the room he plummeted in is strangely lit with a weak glow of red. 

Peering around the cave as he tries to stand up, gasping for air, there were only two exits, up and a small entryway in front of him. 

Stumbling as he stands up and falls to the ground, the taste of ash coating his mouth as he gasps once more for air. 

Pushing himself from the floor with his meaty arms and looks up to the corridor. 
In the darkness he notices a glowing pair of human eyes but not a normal pair, the iris of these eyes were a crimson red, they watched him closely and curiously. 

Mystified Heinrich remains paralysed, as the eyes drew closer and out it came into the dull glow of the cavern. 

Entangled with shadow, it seemed humanoid in some strange way but as it walked towards Heinrich, a creeping fear grew in his mind. 

This creature had almost like an aura of unease and terror emanating from it. 

No body or visual keys to what it was except its shadowy form.

The feeling of fear only raised as it came closer to Heinrich. 

The first time since his childhood, Heinrich felt the need to scream.
A emaciated mummified hand reaches out of the shadowy form towards him, but Heinrich couldn’t move, he couldn’t run, only watch the being come closer. 
A raspy deep voice echoes in his mind with words he couldn’t begin to fathom, which began to coalesce through his mind in a crescendo to a shrieking pitch.

“Hein, Hein!” the sound of a familiar man's voice rings out as Heinrich snaps awake. 
Engulfed in a stupor, caked in sweat, he quickly pulls out his jagged broken dagger and swings it in the air. 
The man jumps back but stumbles slightly, gasping in pain, “what the fucking Astors maiden, Hein, get a grip, it’s me Tyr!” 
As Tyr almost trips over himself with his splinted leg, catching himself on the desk. 
Blinking wearily Heinrich looks around, he’s not in a cavern with a strange forlorn monster. 
His vision clears and he sees the room he’s been staying in for the last two days. 
Tyr is standing a bit away from him, wide-eyed and bewildered from what just happened. 

Heinrich looks in his hand, he was holding the dagger he fought the manticore with the day before, its cracks still coated in the blood of the beast. 
Placing it down next to him he sits up onto the side of the bed, head in his hands rubbing his eyes with his thick fingers.
 
Tyr hobbles up to him and sits next to him on the bed, “in Astree’s name that’s one bad dream you were having huh?” 
He sighs briefly, stroking his splinted leg "I didn't sleep too well either, being dragged through the air leg first, I haven’t felt such a primal feeling since we met the blood reaper.” 
Tyr looks at his hands moving his fingers, while Heinrich wipes his forehead with his wrist. 
“Somehow I don’t think this the end of our problems,” Heinrich mumbles tiredly and looks around the room, the shadows seeming darker as a weak light comes in through the window. 
“Is it morning already?” he turns to peer out the window. 
It was dark but not because it was late, it was raining heavily with big black clouds drowning out the sun, no thunder and lightning to be seen. 
Listening carefully he could hear some guards moaning about the weather outside. 

“Shit weather, hope that wagon has a cover,” Heinrich stares morbidly at the rain. 
He liked the rain, at times it was calming with the ongoing noise of droplets striking the ground, but saying that he didn’t like to be out in the rain. 
Tyr chuckles slightly, “we do but let’s hope it holds, we’ll be setting out soon.” 

Tyr raises himself with a crutch and turns to Heinrich, “should be a peaceful journey for once.” 
Heinrich nods and begins packing his stuff, his bag was beginning to smell from the decaying wing and foot rotting away. 
He frowns and then sighs annoyed that it would go off so quickly, Tyr catches the smell and quickly pinches his nose. 

“Best take only the teeth, claws and feathers you gathered there or you’ll be walking!” he exclaims nasally to Heinrich, who turns his head, still with a frown over his face and nods slowly. 

He pulls on a few parts of his black leather armour, as some of it was quite damaged. 
Wrapping the damaged parts up into the tent he bought from Bard Duras, for safekeeping and holds it underneath his arm. 

“Probably for the best not do it here and stink up your castle,” Tyr nods to him slowly still recovering from the fresh scent of rot and Heinrich’s outburst. 
“You ready then Hein, we should start moving,” Heinrich gives him a thumbs up but still frowning over his disgusting bag. 
Sadly it was his favourite bag and this smell will probably not shift for a long time.
Heinrich stands up as Tyr begins limping out of the room, down the corridor with a crutch in hand. 
Heinrich stays in his room briefly, thinking over if that dream was just a dream, he dismisses it and follows after Tyr. 
It takes quite a bit of time for Tyr to get down the stairs, rejecting any helping hands from Heinrich or passing guards. 

Stubborn as he was, Tyr probably felt guilty from failing his men the day before, Heinrich wasn’t sure how many died yesterday in the fight outside the castle but he also dared not to ask, it wasn’t his place to talk of such matters. 
Only finishing his job with Arnold Barnaby was his responsibility.
Upon exiting the castle, it was still raining a torrent, down the path next to the gate was a cart. 
Not made for royalty, it was large and made of oak. 
With a long covering canvas wrapped over the top, which seemed treated with a wax coating as the rain poured heavily over it but not damping it.

Two stocky deep brown draft horses were being attached to the harness of the carriage.
Arun was stood at the side under the canopy of the wall, overseeing in his half-plate armour and partially leaning against his long pike. 
He notices Heinrich and Tyr stood at the castle's entrance, points up to the sky and pulls a face that said, “you’re going to have a fun time.” 
Tyr grimaces towards the sky and glances at Heinrich, who’s also glaring at the sky, “doesn’t look like it’s going to shift any time soon.” 
Tyr nods at Heinrich’s remark and curses under his breath. 
He takes in a long breath and sighs before braving the torrential rain. 

Hobbling slowly down the stairs, his face slowly sinking into a further visage of disgust. 
Heinrich who still stood in the dry doorway could see a shit-eating smirk across Arun's face as he stood in relative dryness. 
The grumpy crippled commander finally reaches the cart and plods himself up under the canvas roof. 
Crossing his arms over his crutch like a pouting child, his face is the deepest frown Heinrich’s seen in some time. 
Heinrich saw it was his turn to move as Arun and the others turn their gaze to the lumbering boar. 
He gingerly holds a hand out into the rain and moans, at least he will be getting the first shower in a few days. 
Trudging out, he braves the storm but his clothes begin to damp out and like a sponge, he began to squelch underneath his armour uncomfortably, the filth of dust, ash and dried manticore blood washing off of his black boar leather. 
He grimly sits up on the cart next to Tyr who also glares out at the sky, his blue eyes like the storm overhead, Arun the dry still smirking underneath the canopy of the wall.

A few minutes pass as the guards finish setting up the horses harnesses to the cart. 
Heinrich peers over at them, wondering who will be the driver. 
Just as a young man with a dark familiar buzz cut sits up on the cart holding reins turning his head, a grin across his young features.
It was Dennis his light brown eyes gazing at the grumpy duo. 
“I’ll be your driver for the next few days,” he smiles politely, as Arun comes along the back with two other guards into the rain. 
The two guards give a quick salute with their wrists to their chests, “these two will also be joining you, I’ll be taking care of the castle in your leave sir.” 
Tyr gives him a nod while manoeuvring his leg, “any problems please send a rider to Redwood, Shaun should be back in a few days with orders or information as we discussed.” 
Arun gives him a quick salute and bangs on the cart with a gauntleted hand, the two other guards move off and mount two stocky horses. 

Dennis reins in the cart horses and begins the journey back to redwood. 
The deep smell of earth and damp rolling in Heinrich’s nostrils as the cart slides through the soaked mud. 
The mountains and hills are covered by low hanging angry clouds, as the rain pounds the top of the canopy. 
Tyr leans against the wooden railing, “do you think that liquid thing you spoke about would work on me?” 
He peers down on his broken leg with a sad but frustrated look. 
Heinrich shrugs to himself it was cutting edge technology to him, “if anyone knows about it, it would be Bard Duras.” 

Tyr runs a hand through his stubble, “Bard Huh, I haven’t seen him in a long time, same loud man?” 
Heinrich shakes his head, “oh yes he’s as big of character as ever,” remembering a few days ago when Bard drew a crowd after shouting his name and title in Redwood. 
Tyr becomes distracted staring off towards the mountain vale road a bead of sweat or raindrop drips off his face. 
“Let’s hope there isn’t a second one!” Tyr chuckles nervously. 
Heinrich furrows his eyebrow, trying to remember if Manticores normally travel in pairs but he didn’t think they would.
As the mountains drew closer the rain began to slow its torrent and the low hanging clouds began to disperse. 
One of the escorting guards, riding atop a sleek grey mountain horse, rides ahead to scout while the other hangs back a fraction behind the cart. 
Dennis vigilantly watches and leads the horses along the muddy path. 
After an hour, the muddy floor changes to dusty wet rock as the cart occasionally jostles and rocks from the uneven path. 
Tyr winces occasionally as the knocks appear to affect his leg, he gives Heinrich a faint reassuring smile before continuing to star off into the distance. 

Heinrich bored, slowly drifts off to sleep leaning against the rail of the cart.

He's walking along the mountain vale path, it's tall cliff faces ragged with sharp rocks, the path is dry with dusty rock and the sky blue with few clouds decorating the sky. 

It was like his journey several days before, a silent hike through the mountains cracked armour. 
No sign of animals in sight and the air was lukewarm against his skin, with occasional drafts of cool breezes. 

Rubble of the destroyed carts was left along the side with also no sign of visible life. 

The sun flickers from the sky as his dream moves forward, It’s night and Heinrich is asleep but awake in his tent. 

Nearby he could hear the sound of wings flapping and trees swaying against the erratic breeze. 

He gets up and looks out of his tent towards the sound. 

In the distance he could see something moving, it comes to a stop and the sound of wings was replaced with a thud on the ground. 
He freezes as an eerie glow of two eyes watch him in the night. 

Hearing the sound of claws rending rock and the rustling of wings brushing the walls of the crevasse. 

Fear wells up within him as he walks backwards slowly, trying to keep distance between himself and the beast of the night. 
But it feels like he’s not making progress and the gap between him and the creature grew shorter until he could visibly make out the visage of the manticore. 
He tries to run but the feeling of moving slow cuts the gap further. 

The beast lunges, he closes his eyes.

His eyes open he sees the lone mountain surrounded by lesser mountains once more, sickly darkness of black clouds hang over its tall peak. 

This time he could visibly see the entrance but it’s a built gate instead of a mouth-like cave. 
Strange alien carvings with strange unknown symbols decorate the sides of the pillars. 

The gates were open and he was before them. 
He squints his eyes but it remains a horrible darkness until a set of familiar eyes open in the abyss. 

Crimson iris’s watch him with a keen sense of curiosity and interest.
A long skeletal arm emerges from the shadows, dried skin wrapped tight to the bone.
It gestures to him, beckoning him to come closer.
A deep rumbling voice that feels icy cold against his skin, shakes the very essence of his soul.

“Hein rich, is that your… Name, come… Meet me.”

The voice continues to echo in his mind.

Heinrich snaps awake in a cold sweat, the cart has stopped. 
Tyr is watching him closely, while Dennis is tending to the horses, feeding and giving them water. 
“Hein what’s up, I’ve never seen you like this before?” Hein runs a hand across his eyes and plays it off coolly. 

“It’s just some nightmares, don’t worry about it.”
The humanoid creatures voice still strong in his head leaving a strange feeling in his chest. 
Tyr doesn’t seem convinced and eyes him suspiciously. 
Heinrich sways his hand dismissing his inquisition, Tyr’s eyes crease to a stare, “we’ve stopped to feed the horses and give them a break for a few hours before we set off again, I think you should deal with that.” 
He pinches his nose and points with his other hand at Heinrich’s bag. 
Heinrich’s nose twinges in disgust as the foul stench of rot and mould is beginning to take his bag. 
He stands holding the bag at distance and jumps out the cart, one of the two mounted guards turns to Heinrich and sees his bag. 
The guard's face also twitches in a cringing fashion, he's probably been stuck behind the smell for some time. 
The sun is low on the horizon signalling late evening, beautiful reds and oranges fill the western sky.
The ground is still moist and puddles litter the ground. 
He was in the canyon once more mountains surrounding each direction except the west. 
It’s possible they might make it to Redwood tomorrow evening if we carried on through the night. 

Heinrich walks a fair distance away from the cart and opens his bag, the stench is sudden and strong, as he pulls the rotting foot of the manticore out and proceeds to chuck it a reasonable distance from him.
It makes a wet thud, either from landing on the wet ground or because of the putrid flesh. 
He pulls out the next disgusting item which is a portion of the broken wing, pulling his chipped dagger out he begins shaving some of the beautiful black feathers off the dismembered limb. 
Satisfied he slings the naked wing off next to the rotting foot, it makes a slight slap sound as it lands in a puddle. 
His thoughts travel back to the dream, it’s not the first time since he dreamed of that mountain. 
He doesn’t even know where it is let alone how to get there. 
He has a strange primal need to find this place, as the voice creeps into his mind causing a shiver down his spine. 
Heinrich shakes the thought from his mind and turns it back to the present, he needs to get back to Arnold. 

He stands up and looks down the empty stretch of path to the east along the crack, a strange pull in the back of his head wants him to follow it. 
He shakes his head and looks at his bag.
The bag still stunk but not as bad as it did, it will be some time before Heinrich will want to store anything else in this. 
He heads back to the cart, the guard's face is of a silent thank you to Heinrich. 

He replies with a gesture of sorry to the guard and a look of mild embarrassment. 
Tyr is watching him closely, “that’s one problem dealt with, what’s with you, I can tell something’s on your mind?” 


“I think it’s just stress, it’s the last time I’m fighting a manticore on my own any time soon,” Heinrich deflects the question while he runs a hand through his oily hair and climbs into the cart. 
"You deserve a break,” he smiles at Heinrich reassuringly. 

“I could’ve died there Tyr," Heinrich has a sombre look on his face as he relives the fight in his head. 
His shoulder being dislocated, his chest being stomped on by the manticore. 
He runs a hand across his chest and breaths still remembering the crushing and snapping sensation.
 
“If it wasn’t for that strange vial, I wouldn’t be here,” Tyr looks down at his leg and also relives his encounter with the manticore, a flash of fear crosses his eyes and he shakes his head. 
“I’ve been getting strange dreams lately Tyr, almost like I’m predicting things that are happening, seeing places I’ve never seen,” Tyr leans in, watching him and listening with intent. 
“I dreamt of the manticore before I faced it, but it’s like I knew I was going to fight it in a cave, now I’m getting a new recurring dream,” Heinrich pauses keeping himself composed and keeping his tough guy façade up. 
“It was a mountain, a large mountain surrounded by smaller mountains, like a spire sticking out of a cluster, does that mean anything to you?” Tyrs eyes gloss over as he thinks it over. 
“I’ve heard of rare people displaying, what was it. Clairvoyance that’s what it was. These people are known throughout the ages for having strange forces around them, King Jerim used to speak about them,” a fondness crosses Tyrs eyes, followed by a flash of anger and hatred, he begins to stroke the scar on his face. 
He mumbles to himself, “I will not miss next time.” 
Heinrich knows of Tyrs past, he was an orphan adopted into the kings family on a chance encounter, he wouldn’t become prince but instead grew to become a well known military leader. 
By the age of twenty-five, he became head of the Kings guard and personally protected his adopted father.
Until the day of his assassination.

Tyr was waiting outside the kings quarters as he usually would, while the king would gaze out to the sunset over the balcony as he did every evening. 
He heard the king talking and raising his voice to someone before he could charge in to see what was happening. 
He opened the door to see the blood reaper, a man dressed in a long black hooded cape, repetitively stabbing the king till he fell to the ground. 
Jerim's eyes locked with Tyr’s as the king's eyes welled up with sadness and pain. 
The murder of his adopted father in plain sight drove him into a boundless rage. 
He never could catch the blood reaper as the instant he appeared and killed, he vanished off the side of the balcony.
He would cross paths several years later with the blood reaper but this time he was with Heinrich. 
Tyr’s lack of self-control ended with him being slashed from the chest to the forehead by the blood reaper. 
At least that’s what Heinrich knew of what happened, he didn’t know the full story.
His wounded pride and seething hatred still haunts him to this day as Heinrich watched him compulsively stroking his scar. 
A pity flowed across him and sympathy led him to sit next to Tyr and pat his shoulder. 

Dennis climbs back onto the cart, “we’ll set off in a bit, should be there tomorrow unless you two want to stop for the night?” 
Tyr looks and Heinrich then to Dennis, “I think we should try to get to Redwood as soon as we can Dennis, sleeping with this leg won’t be very ideal at the moment.” 
Dennis nods and gives a thumbs up, “yes sir!”
The cart once again sets off through the mountain vale road, through the night it was uneventful. 
Tyr and Heinrich each taking short naps. 
Dennis and the guards keeping a vigilant lookout as they go. 

The sky was cloudy and only the smaller grey moon, Ta, was visible at points in the night sky.
When sunrise comes Dennis looked visibly tired from staying up throughout the night. 
His eyes weary and somewhat dazed, Heinrich shuffles up next to him. 

“Want me to take the reins as you rest?” he asks kindly. 
Dennis glances to Tyr who in turn nods, “I’d rather have someone alert at the reins!” 
Tyr grins a small cheeky smile but is also weary from sleep deprivation. 
Dennis goes over how to control the horses and sits with Heinrich for a time, making sure he knew what he was doing.

Heinrich was only used to riding horses but managed to pick up the fundamentals of cart driving within a few hours. 
Every now and then having to readjust where he sits and manoeuvring the horses. 
Time flew by quicker as Heinrich focused on the path ahead, the sky grew bluer as the sun arrived at its zenith. 
Tyr chuckles to himself at Heinrich’s expense, “maybe I should hire you to be my private cart driver, oh boar of Astor.” 
The first time in a while, Heinrich laughed. 
“My prices are high crippled commander of Oakvale!” amused by the banter Dennis also chuckles to himself witnessing an old friendship. 
“Hey now legs heal, but you will always be a cart driver,” Heinrich could feel Tyr smirking at him from behind.
In the distance, Heinrich could make out the opening up of the mountains. 
He was almost back home in Astor for what seemed months to him when it had only been a week at the most. 

He notices a shuffling beside him with occasional grunts and curses. 
“It’s been many months since I last came back home,” as Tyr leans next to the rail behind Heinrich. 
An audible sigh comes from Tyr, “If only it was with a better outcome.”
They sat in silence as they pass rubble from an old destroyed cart which started Heinrich’s mission. 
Dennis had managed to fall asleep and is snoring in the back of the cart. 
Tyr turns and narrows his eyes, “If only he was quieter!” 
Heinrich smirks and a smile creases up to his grey icy eyes.

A few more hours pass and it's now the afternoon the sun still holding strong in the sky.
The mountain cluster is now falling behind them, the rolling green hills of Astor spreading out along the reaches of their vision.
A grey tower projecting itself in the distance marking Redwood. 
The path, twisting and turning into the same direction, is no longer rock and gravel but now a mildly saturated dirt still drying from the rain a day before.

“We should be there in just a couple of hours,” Dennis chimes in next to Heinrich, who’s gotten the hang of cart driving. 
The two guards on their horses trotting close behind.
The horses starting to look weary from their travels. 
One guard pats and scratches the neck of his steed in reassurance. 
Tyr has also joined leaning next to Dennis watching Redwood in the horizon, “when we arrive we will need to stop at the tower.” 
Tyr mumbles to himself, “If they don’t have a decent doctor in I’ll have to head to Hallorn.”
Heinrich turns his head to Tyr, “when you do that I need to jump off to finish off the task which started this, but I’ll meet you at the tower tonight or the following morning.” 
Tyr nods as he falls back into his chair. 

Dennis pulls himself over and sits next to Heinrich. 
He takes a breath gathering courage and turns to Heinrich.
“Do you get on with your family?” Dennis asks, Heinrich could feel the sudden stare of Tyr watching them both but not wanting to stop the conversation. 
Heinrich sighs to himself remembering the sad look on his older brother Leon’s face back in the inn for what seemed months ago, “no, not really why do you ask?” 

Dennis pauses as if he may have stood on a landmine, he runs a hand over his buzz cut hair. 
“You asked me the other day about me, I just wanted to know if you were the same,” he smiled honestly at Heinrich. 
"My father and I, don't see eye to eye about my choices in life. He would prefer it if I was with him in the Dukes Adminastrate, but I wanted to do something more practical,” Tyr pats Dennis to get his attention and shakes his head. 
Heinrich sighs again, he and his father were very stubborn in their views. 
They would often argue about what’s best for Heinrich. 
His younger sister Jessica and older brother Leon both joined his father but Heinrich was never cut out for such a thing. 

His talents were best served either in war or helping the folk of Astor by being a sell-sword. Heinrich has not seen his father since before the Guvan war, but sees Leon on multiple occasions. 
Usually to give jobs passed down to him, some from his father and others through the various guilds of Astor.

As the sun began to fall in the sky, beautiful shades of red and orange flourished the horizon. 
Chapter Seven - Home, feathers and woes


The journey was almost at an end and they were now within the reaches of redwood the small outpost town. 
Its wooden walls surrounding its tightly packed buildings, like its name the outposts wooden buildings all had a reddish hue from the forests far to the west near Hallorn. 

The eastern gates portcullis is being lowered with two pairs of guards standing on each side staring out towards Heinrich’s cart. 
Above the sides of the gate are two keeps both armed with a single Astoran archer wielding heavy wooden crossbows.
The guards were watching the cart as it grew closer. 
Dennis leans next to Heinrich, “mind if I take the reigns from here you can jump off in a bit?” 
Heinrich nods before passing the leather reins to Dennis, “might get myself a cart after this trip.”

Heinrich hears a stifled chuckling from Tyr in the back of the wagon, “you sure I can't hire you, Hein?" 
Heinrich turns his head and gives him a dull stare with his icicle eyes. 

“If you’re willing to pay my price Commander,” Tyr gives him a quick wink, as the guards at the gate begin walking towards the cart, one with a hand outstretched to slow down the cart. 

Dennis slows the horses to a stop and the following mounted guards also stop alongside ready to dismount. 
Heinrich turns back to Dennis, “I’ll handle this and walk for the rest of the way.” 
Dennis gives a quick thumbs up as Heinrich jumps off the cart with an audible thud. 
One of the guards stops walking forward, “ahh Lor-… I mean Heinrich, its good to see you back so soon. Umm, your father… Umm Duke Darius is looking for you." 
The guard brings his wrist to his chest and bows slightly. 
Heinrich flinches and stops, he’s had to deal with a manticore and all he wanted was to rest back in his boringly mundane room at the inn. 
Now his father wanted to cut in, “what could he possibly want?” thought Heinrich. 
“I’ll deal with that later,” he wasn’t going to, he just wanted to nurture a whiskey and fall asleep drunk.
The guard peers over Heinrich’s shoulder noticing Tyr and Dennis, “ahhh commander Tyr. We got your note from Shaun a few days ago, the doctor is ready but wants to assess how bad your leg is. Luckily we've had a breakthrough in Asterik about some sort of a panacea.”
Heinrich turns his head to Tyr and they lock eyes to each other. 
The guard carries on, “It’s a test, so depending on how bad your leg is, it may not work.” 
Tyrs eyes glaze over with thought, “let’s hope it works then.” 
He gives a fake smile, as his eyes dart to Heinrich who also cocks a half smile.

The guard stands to attention, “well enough of us slowing you down, Harry open the gates!” as one of the guards behind the gate flinches and speedily runs out of sight. 
A few seconds after, a sound of gears turning and pulleys rustling spurs to life causing the gate to open slowly. 
The guards in front of the cart begin walking back to their positions at either side of the gate. 
Dennis cracks the reigns and the horses tiredly pull the cart the last leg of the journey. 

The large stone tower standing high and alone in a sea of redwood. 
They walk along the pathway of the eastern district road of redwood. 
Clusters of people carrying out their day between the tightly packed red hued wooden buildings. 
Redwood outpost despite being the furthest east outpost of Astor besides Oakvale, is a well known and well-used merchant hub. 

Merchants litter the small fortified village selling their goods to the military and providing a ludicrous amount of work to the point it’s become more of a town than a small fort. 
Heinrich’s eyes cast upon one of the shops to his right, a reasonably sized building that's been changed into almost like an open market of tables. 
Dozens of hired guards watch vigilantly around the shop as a tall tanned man with a shiny bald head shouts boisterously of great deals and quality goods. 
It was Bard Duras, Heinrich’s favourite general store merchant. 

Before Heinrich even entered close Bard's eyes dash towards the lumbering creature coming towards him, a big creasing smile etches on his face.

“My my my! It’s the noble son of Duke Darius Gausser, Heinrich Julius Gausser, the boar of the vale back from his intrepid adventure east across the mountains!” he shouts loudly and proudly. 
Any form of glee to see Bard quickly melts into annoyance. 

People nearby cast their eyes in awe towards Heinrich, before turning mystified at the unkempt and unclean giant man, a complete opposite of any of whom they know from the Gausser family. 
Some of the people recognize Heinrich and continue to stare in awe as the crowd starts to form around Bard Duras Supplies.
Heinrich’s eyes a chilling ice spiking towards Bard who raises his hands in defence to calm the giant boar, “Hein you know I can’t help it! It’s great business, here.” 
Bard reaches under his desk and pulls out an Astoran Pear and throws it towards Heinrich, “a token of good will!” he exclaims before letting out a large cheerful chuckle. 
The cart stops nearby as Tyr hobbles out of the back, holding his crutch. 

Bards eyes widen and mouth parts slightly. 
“As loud as ever Sergeant Duras,” he says with a cool dominant look, cleaning his ear with a finger. 
Bard runs a hand over his smooth bald head, “Commander Tyr by Astor’s maiden, you look a bit worse for wear if I say so myself.” 
He watches Tyr not averting his gaze. 
“You wouldn’t look so good being dragged through the sky by a manticore,” Bards eyes already wide, open further and he gasps slightly. 
“A manticore, what, they don’t normally come this far west!” Heinrich looks from Tyr to Bard. 
“That’s what we thought,” the boars face a grim frown. 
“If it wasn’t for Heinrich here I would be dead by now, he slew it," Bard's eyes dart to Heinrich in disbelief. 
“On his own?” Tyr nods to Bard, Heinrich runs a hand through his hair. 

“It was already weakened by the garrison by the time I caught up to it, your vial of liquid was what helped me slay it," Heinrich tries to deflect the attention, but anyone within earshot of the conversation, begin whispering and gossiping to the crowd. 
Heinrich covers his face with his palm. 
“Hmm indeed but even weak Manticores are very dangerous,” Bard points out, possibly knowing from experience. 
Heinrich knew Bard was also once in the military but didn’t know where he was positioned.
“You’ve had your fair share of manticores?" Heinrich probes at Bard who lets out a mighty chuckle. 

“Oh I sure have on the other side of the River Gurt back in the war, we’d have to clear out nests in the caves of the Tsuran Desert, so we could set up forward outposts!” he crosses his arms and holds his chin. 
“But never on my own,” Bard’s eyes grew cold and grave. 
“One time I took to the skies and slew the beast in the air,” his usual cheer fullness returns.

Heinrich sighs and pulls out the large canine from his bag and shows it to Bard. 
He whistles loudly and holds it in his hand, even for his large hands the tooth was slightly thicker than his wrist, “you killed yourself a big boy there, the females are bigger though. Did it have a tail, you know like a scorpion?” 
Tyr and Heinrich both nod at the same time. 
He puts the tooth down and leans on his table almost whispering to the duo, “was there another one? Cause that one was a female.” 
His normally glee-full face drops to a dark stare, Tyr thinks to himself as Heinrich leans in. 
“It was building a nest out of those carts we spoke about, didn’t see the husband, if there was one and it was jet black.”

Bard’s face normally a giant grin goes blank to mystified, his brow furrowed, “Manticores aren’t black, they are a dull deep brown like the wasteland they come from.” 
Tyr and Heinrich look at each other confused. 

Heinrich reaches into his bag and pulls out a handful of long shadowy opalescent black feathers. 
Bard grabs one and looks at it, harshly criticizing it. 
“Astor’s maiden, this is strange and out of my knowledge,” he says defeated and standing straight with the wing feather in hand, twirling it gently as it reflected a beautiful opalescent sheen.

“Never have I ever heard of a black manticore, kinda makes me look like a novice than an ex-master monster hunter,” he stands crestfallen.
“I’m going to find out some information about this creature, free for you cause I want to know about this creature as well. Whatever next, the dead walking the world!” Tyr and Bard laugh it off as it sounded ridiculous.
For Heinrich, though it didn’t, an odd pull on the right side of his head tugs to him, to his soul to go east. 
Tyr notices and eyes him, “Hein what’s up?” 
In a trance Heinrich flinches awake, “oh no it’s nothing, we should get back to what we're doing huh, should have an ale or whiskey at some point together.” 
He cocks a half smile, “yeah that’s an idea huh Bard?” Tyr turns to Bard but still eyeing Heinrich. 
Bard gives a mighty thumbs up, “name the place, name the time and Bard Duras will be there, but you’re right I’ve got customers to serve!” 
Heinrich strokes his beard, “how about tomorrow afternoon at the place I always stay at, the red inn. Tyr has a date with a doctor tonight.” 
Bard nods with great enthusiasm and Tyr pulls a weak looking smile. 
“As the night sets in I’ll be there, now if you excuse me,” he races off to the nearest customer and begins deal hunting. 

Tyr watches Heinrich closely, “I’ll be off to the doctors, I’ll see you tomorrow then, you can tell me anything, Hein. We're friends after all.” 
Heinrich gives a slight nod and a half smile before a lax salute to Tyr, “I’ll see you later Tyr.”
He, in turn, does a lax salute before hobbling back to the cart, Dennis gives a quick wave to Heinrich before cracking the reigns. 
The cart begins to head off and Heinrich follows but trudges through the crowd, whispers and gossips catch his ears. 
They are mostly about him and plenty of talk of the manticore they had mentioned. 
But his demeanour and hulking size easily gave him space as he parted the crowd like a shark through a school of fish.
Walking further into the outpost the crowd thickens as it always did, the smell of warm bodies growing as he walks closer to the centre. 
Peering up at the signs of various shops and buildings. 
The familiar sign of a sheep with a cotton plant sprig in its mouth hung noticeably along the road. 
The label underneath, “Mountain Vales finest Tailors.” 
Homing in and parting the crowd, the familiar shop now in view, with its display of well-made clothes and thick heavy gambesons.

Clasping the handle, he opens the door, into the main room. 
The faint scent of lavender and cut grass prickling in his nose. 
It made a change of the rotting manticore bag on his back, he will need to buy some scents and clean his bag tomorrow.
Clothes of various styles decorating the sides of the wall, most of it being noble robes and military padding. 
A desk on the opposite side of the room, lined with various thread spools thicknesses and colours. 
The hired guard sitting in the corner to his left watching him, a flash of recognition on the guard's eyes, he nods to Heinrich relaxing any tension in his body. 
Footsteps can be heard from a corridor opposite the desk and the snooty clerk Henry enters the room. 

He was wearing a well-tailored suit that somewhat resembled a posh bachelor this time. 
His blonde hair neatly brushed, eyes a sea blue and features almost fox-like in appearance. 
His eyes catch Heinrich’s appearance and immediately a friendly smile creases onto his face. 
Heinrich’s eyes narrow to an icicle, knowing exactly why. 
“Sir Gausser, you’re back so soon, please come with me to see Arnold,” with swift elegance he flows back down the corridor, as Heinrich follows behind half stomping the ground tired from his endless journey.
Following through the corridor, Heinrich enters the room where Arnold Barnaby does his tailoring. 
The room isn’t pretty and is entirely made for function. 
Shelves lining the walls, well stocked and stored with untold amounts of tools, boxes of needles, spools of assorted threads and material. 
Four heavy tables dominate the inside of the room, each with multiple large chests underneath. 
On top of one of the large tables are machines that Heinrich knows nothing about but probably used to speed up the process of making various clothes. 

Arnold is once again hanging over a long beautiful looking robe of red and black. 
Working deftly with his hands he's sowing on a patch to the robe, from a distance it looks like the duke's insignia of a moon and a lion. 
His father's insignia, he watches it awkwardly. 

Henry stops next to Arnold and leans near him, “Arnold, Heinrich is back.” 
He snaps out of his own world, looks around the room and catches Heinrich within his gaze. 
“Ahh, Heinrich good to see you,” he says with a kind smile on his old adept features.
Arnold Barnaby gazes at Heinrich with his grey eyes, “you’re back so soon.” 

He pats his hands down on his half apron.
Wearing a similar well-made shirt as he wore last time they met, it was grubby in places from dye and colourings. 
He stands up and makes his way to Heinrich with a hand outstretched. 
Heinrich also wipes his grubby hoof-like hands on himself and takes Arnold's hands. 

The old man was shorter than Heinrich and much less built, almost frail in appearance. 
Underneath the apron is thick well made black trousers and heavy boots.
“Much sooner than I expected Arnold,” Heinrich begins pulling his smelly giant bag aside himself. 
He pulls out the large tooth from the beast and a tuft of big beautiful black wing feathers. 
He places them on the table next to him, “our cart destroyer, was a young black female manticore.” 
Arnold takes the large tooth into his hands, the size was almost longer than his arm. 
Henry watches with wide eyes, glancing to Heinrich and back to the tooth, “while on the road I noticed there were no wild animals, trees were broken and rock was torn by the creature. I wasn’t sure what it was at first, during a night the monster flew past me heading to its home. The day after I reached Oakvale, it attacked the fort.” 
Arnold and Henry gasp at almost the same time, news like this was rare since the Guvan war. 

"After the attack, I chased it and tracked the creature to its home. I fought it in a weakened state on my own and slew it,” as Heinrich retold them the story of what happened, the fight at the fort and his clash in the cavern, they listened with morbid fascination and worry. 

Heinrich leans partially against the table, “so, I believe you will be able to start using carts down the mountain vale road again, as the military only reported one manticore running free.” 

Arnold flows a hand across his chin knowing what’s coming next, “I’m sure we’ll have no problems now, so your payment." 
A gluttonous smirk creeps along Heinrich’s face, “yes, normally bandits are about ten gold a head, this is a very special case.” 
Henry leans on the wall glancing at Arnold and Heinrich. 
“Defeating a beast as strong as a manticore is a feat in itself," Henry agrees and Arnold also nods to what he said. 

“Let’s say five hundred gold and you can keep the feathers to make something beautiful.” 
The two tailors flinch side-eyeing each other. 

"The normal group size for bandits is five to twenty but this beast could beat a large bandit camp with ease. Maybe I'm being steep I’ll drop to four hundred,” Henry’s eyes dart back and forth from Arnold the Heinrich. 
“Five hundred is fine, you’ve done a great deed and followed through quickly,” Arnold answers with a trusting smile then gestures to Henry. 
Who at first doesn’t move but then walks back down the corridor.
Arnold holds a feather in his hand and glances to the robe. 
Heinrich notices but pretends he’s not noticing, “yes I can make good use of these feathers and I already have something in mind.” 
He begins shifting the feathers to the table with the robe. 
A few minutes pass and Henry comes back with a small chest. 
Placing it onto the table next to Heinrich. 
“There’s fifty platinum in there,” Heinrich pops open the chest and indeed there was approximately fifty silver platinum coins sparkling within the cavity. 
"It was a pleasure doing business, hopefully, the next we meet is under more better times,” he closes it and places it inside his bag. 
Arnold smiles at Heinrich, but turns to Henry, “Henry go sort the latest shipment out we need to get back to business.” 
Henry nods and quickly glides out of the room. 

“I do hope the next we meet things will be different,” Arnold holds his hand out and Heinrich clasps it with a friendly smile. 
“If it happens again just call for Leon, he’ll probably call for me again,” he puts his large bag on his back and holds the tooth in his hand. 
“I’ll keep this though as a memento,” Arnold nods and glances over at the feathers looking eager to start working. 
They both leave the room together following the corridor into the main room. 
Just as the last client enters the shop. 
The chime of the bell clinks and clangs, Henry shuffles past to serve the customer.
The guard sitting in the corner watches everyone in the room intently as Henry tends to the client away from Heinrich and Arnold. 
“Thanks for the quick work Heinrich, if you ever need any clothing, please don’t hesitate to use us!”
 Heinrich stops and turns to Arnold an idea suddenly in his mind, “do you by any chance repair leather armour?” 
Arnold glances to Henry who is still tending to the client, “actually Henry is good with armour and such I'm not sure about leather though. I do all the embroidery and delicate stitching." 
Heinrich reaches into his bag and pulls out the damaged armour pieces from the fight like his gauntlet which is still torn in almost half. 
“Some of this I don’t think is repairable but maybe a new set?” Arnold checks them over looking at them.
"Boar leather, black. They're broken beyond repair. 
We aren’t really leather workers but we’ve been meaning to broaden our horizon, it might take a while as it’s hard to source boar leather especially black boar leather.” 
Heinrich runs a hand across his chin, “I don’t expect this to be done for free, I will pay for it.”
Arnold waves his old deftly hand, “I won’t charge you this time, you’ve really helped us.” 
Heinrich is taken aback but tired from his journey has to agree with Arnold for now, “I’ll drop by tomorrow so we can discuss it further.” 

Arnold nods and smiles enthusiastically, “yes, Yes Heinrich tomorrow. We will make a start tomorrow, now if you’ll excuse me I need to finish that robe in the other room. Thank you so much Heinrich!” 
He offers a hand out to Heinrich once again and Heinrich shakes hands with Arnold, “I’ll see you tomorrow Arnold.” 
He nods, “have a good night Heinrich.” 
As Arnold heads back down the corridor, Henry cheerfully smiles at Heinrich as he speaks to the customer. 
Heinrich leaves the mountain vale’s finest Tailors into the eastern road of the Redwood outpost. 
It’s now dark, lanterns are being set up by civilians and guards lighting up the streets. The streets aren’t as packed as they were, as shops were closing for the night. 
Sounds of music and cheers come from nearby taverns fill the atmosphere of the streets.
Heinrich takes a right and follows the street deeper into the outpost. 
The large tower growing as he drew closer. 
Pockets of windows were alight in the stone structure.
A few minutes pass as Heinrich trudges along the street, which was now slowly emptying. 
To his left, he could see the redwood inn, the place where he normally stayed. 
The tightly packed buildings offered no space for alleyways but were all lined straight next to each other, some recessed further and were used as an open market. 
The door to the inn was open as it always was and as he entered through the door he remembered how mundanely simple everything was. 
It felt familiar and peaceful, but boring. 
Simple tables with like-minded chairs were dotted around and scruffy regular visitors sat nurturing their ales and drinks of their choice. 
The walls were not decorated but gave a homey and simple vibe. 
A set of stairs next to the barkeep's desk led up to rooms. 
The barkeep who always manages to look busy in a quiet inn locks eyes with Heinrich, he nods to Hein in recognition and greeting. 
Heinrich walks up to the barkeeper, “ahh Hein we weren’t expecting you back so soon, the same as usual?” 
Heinrich nods at the barkeeper and places down a platinum coin. 
The keeper's eyes glow slightly, “staying for some time again?” 
He takes the platinum coin and reaches under the table. 
Pulling out a large bottle and placing it on top. Heinrich takes the bottle, “and to pay off my tab.” 
The keeper bows slightly, “your room is still the same as always and has been cleaned. Whatever else you need, ask the boy." 
Heinrich nods and heads up the stairs. 

He enters a short corridor with several doors lining the wall, a short skinny young man stood at the end of the hallway waiting. 
As Heinrich came up the stairs, he looks down submissively, “mister Heinrich, it’s good to see you… If you need anything I’ll be here.” 
Heinrich glances at him and a sense of pity flashes through his mind before opening a door to his left and enters. 
His room was as he remembered it, to his right was a simple desk and chair. 
To his left was a small bed with a thin aged white quilt. 
Above the bed is a small window with a curtain drawn across. 
Heinrich walks into the room, placing his bag on the desk and sits on the bed.
“Johan,” he calls out and the frail servant appears next to the door with his small skeletal frame and short thin blonde hair. 
“Can you bring me the usual meal please?” 
The servant bows deeply, “yes Mr Gausser.”
Before disappearing off out of the room. 
Heinrich begins taking off his armour and placing it near him on the bed. 
He glances over the dirty broken dagger that he impaled into the Manticores mouth and stares at it for a while remembering the fight in his mind. 
Thirty minutes pass as Johan knocks on the door, “Mr Gausser, your food.” 
Heinrich snaps from his trance looking around the room bewildered before regaining his composure, “come in, place it on the desk.” 
Johan enters with a tray of steak and vegetables. 
Carefully he places it down next to the bag.
“Johan,” Heinrich utters holding out a gold coin. 
“Get some food when you’re done, don’t spend it all in one go,” Johan’s eyes widen at the sight of such a large amount of money being given to him. 

He hesitates and takes it. 
“Are you sure Mr Gausser, I don’t think I should take it,” Johan holds the coin back, but Heinrich closes his frail hands. 
“Just take it, a present from me for your hard work,” Johan’s light grey eyes twinkle in adoration and surprise. 
He smiles and bows deeply again while backing out of the room. 
He closes the door leaving Heinrich with the food and himself. 
Heinrich stands walking over to the desk, placing the bottle he bought next to his food. 
The steak was large and wonderfully cooked. 
The vegetables were still steaming and looked tasty, Heinrich’s mouth watered at the sight of a good meal and he sat down beginning his small feast. 
The steak was succulent and tender, lightly charred on the outside deepening the flavours of the thick cut meat. 
The meat was moist and fatty making his palette tingle in joy.
He ate heartily and enjoyed what seemed like the first real meal in a long time. 
He occasionally took long draughts from the bottle, it was a unique spiced whiskey which tickled and cleansed his mouth leaving a slight burnt after taste and spicy kick.
After he finished his food he was slightly tipsy from the spiced whiskey and took to his bed for the night. 
The mundanely simple room boring him to sleep.

He was dreaming.
The same mountain peak surrounded by smaller mountains in front of him. 
He wore a dark cape to keep him warm as the cold air brushed and caressed him. 
The sky was blue and everything seemed normal to Heinrich.
As he walked closer towards the mountain the sky slowly changed to red, not a sunset red. 
A blood red.
A strange darkness clouded his vision almost like he was in a desert, where the hot ground twisted his view.
He was now being pulled through the air towards the mountain. 

The same familiar entrance now looks like a temple with the same alien symbols that made no sense to Heinrich. 
He was pulled in, the light behind him but darkness in front of him. 

Two red eyes appear in front of him.
A distorted raspy voice echoes around him.

“Hein… Rich… Julius… Gausser.”

Hair pins up on the back of his neck as the anomaly calls out to him.
“Come to me.” 
Its voice had a seductive charm but equally sounded horrifying. 
The throbbing in his head began to increase, making him dizzy and delirious.
A primal need to go towards the creature.

Its long arms with skin strapped to bone came out from the darkness, beckoning to him.
“Come to me.” 
Heinrich begins to walk towards the shadow.

Comfort coming to him as he closed the distance.

"Come to me, Heinrich." 

It’s voice haunting and beautiful.
The arms draw out further almost encompassing Heinrich.

The throbbing within his skull slowly fading.

A knocking comes at the door and Heinrich wakes gasping for air. 

He holds his thick hand to his head, his head throbbing with unbearable pain at the separation, but it slowly fades back to the dull pressure in his head that pulls east.

The knock comes again.

Heinrich stands, light is coming from the window. 

It appeared to be morning already.

The knock comes once more.

Heinrich walks to the door and opens it holding his head with his other hand. 

 “Yeah wha-,“ Heinrich freezes. 

On the other side of the door, stood a man in a black and red robe, he stood as tall as Heinrich, bulky but not as bulky as Heinrich.

A mane of jet black hair and a grim look across his perfect features, his dark blue eyes watching Heinrich with intensity.

“My son, I’ve found you.”

Thank you for reading The Boar of Astor, I hope you’ve enjoyed the journey so far with Heinrich Gausser my stoic and strong Boar of the Vale.

If you really enjoyed the book I would love it if you could leave a review on the Amazon Store or on my GoodReads profile.

You can also follow my instagram or Facebook page for updates on the next books.

My GoodReads profile - goodread.com/johnofastor
My instagram profile - instagram.com/john.b.challeon
My facebook page - facebook.com/Johnofastor


