

They came from the West
Seven fighters to the end
One stunning blonde warrior
Leading six hard-ass men


Alexa's Travels
Apocalyptic fiction
An impossible quest
& A Haunting new vision

Long years after the war of 2012 devastated America, a group of survivors has come out of the radiation zones in the West. On an impossible quest to find those who came before them, these warriors follow the remnants of Safe Haven… and let nothing stand in their way.

Re-released with new content and professional edits, this is book one of the Alexa’s Travels series. *Mature scenes. Not for younger readers.

Alexa's Travels
Bone Dust & Beginnings
Book One

By
Angela White

Smashwords Edition © 2012
Edited by Sharon K. Maybrier

All rights reserved
Angela White © 2011
This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. Standard Copyright laws apply. Made in the United States.

Table of Contents

The First of Six
Exploits of Survival
Descendants
One Last Ride
River City
The Mystery Deepens
Myths and Legends
The Utah Facility
Bridges & Betrayals
Hoppers & Helpers
Hunting Ground
My Mercy
Closing Time
Notes
Extras
…The Killin’ Fields
…The Change
…The Survivors
…Character Bios
The Quest
They came from the west
Seven fighters to the end
One stunning blonde warrior
Leading six hard-ass men

Through magic and death
Demons and fire
Clever ambushes
and Nature's ire

Stand in their way
Nothing will
Bone Dust or bullets
To pay the bill

Through now decayed cities
Filled with nightmares
Following a path
Forgotten over the years

Looking for a place of change
of safety and light
Striving for honor
and American might

Wrapped in the future
The year is 2016
If they'll find what they look for
Remains to be seen
One

Lexington, Utah
April, 2016 AW
1
The lone woman limped into the border town on a sunless morning, long years after the nuclear world war that slid mankind back into the dark ages. In front of her, the last out-post within a hundred miles beckoned like a flame. Behind her, the shimmering green sky over the Wastelands rolled closer in a devious illusion.
Large by the standards of Afterworld, Lexington consisted of two dozen rickety homes and half as many store-tents lining the unforgiving road that gouged its way through the brutally arid terrain. Of people, there were only merchants out to witness, and their faces were stunned to see a woman limping steadily toward them.
Coming from the west, where even the hardest of men vanished, they expected only the walking dead or worse. That was the reason for the hip-high fog-like barrier around the border town, but the chemical smoke had no effect on the lone female as she stepped through it. She didn’t scream, or burst into flames… a survivor.
The lanky blonde was filthy, covered in glowing desert dust, and her hardened face said she’d been to hell. Likely, more than once. Backing up that impression, she wore a Colt .45 slung low on each slender hip. Her torn and tacky red pant leg left little doubt she’d used the guns recently - well enough to have survived whatever horrors fate had delivered to her in the Wastelands.
Shaking off the shock to vie for the woman’s business, the merchants watched her approach with greedy eagerness… moved toward her with more of the same as she neared them.
Stopping, Alexa’s hands slid to the gritty Colts, and her frosted blue eyes blazed with heat.
The merchants darted away in fear and confusion - half a dozen sly puppets scurrying out of her path. Guns were the law in Afterworld.
Seconds more of this set stance from the woman found the thieves banished back to their stoops and flaps. She had items for trade, and the anger to punish those who tried to take advantage, but these vultures weren’t worth a lesson, only her lead.
Border towns were as rare the Caravans, and twice as soulless. If she fell before them, these men would not offer help, only an attack. They scavenged, thieved from those in need - she would never willingly haggle with their like. She spent her dust with those who were worthy, those who deserved the patronage. The rest were no better than animals.
Before the War, Alexa had mostly stayed away from other people, but there was a feeling of something being in Lexington, someone crucial to her quest… and that ring of importance said it (they) couldn’t be found in any other place.
Slap… slap!
A tattered American symbol flying over one of the smallest store-tents drew the woman, and she turned that way with a smoothness her injury didn’t impede. Ignoring the watching hawkers and their instant, impotent outrage, her boots made no noise on the dirt hardpan as she headed for the fluttering flag.
The decoration was the equivalent of suicide for a businessman - proclaiming them to honor the old ways that had destroyed so much - and Alexa instantly respected the one who had put it there. Love of country was part of what she’d come for, as was courage.
Before she reached the battered, green vinyl under the flag, the tent flap opened. From the dimness, a cloaked man of tall stature and wide shoulders stepped into the bracing wind. The sense of being pulled faded.
This merchant didn’t rush to be useful, instead keeping his head bowed in respect. When he waited patiently, hood hiding his face, Alexa was instantly comforted. He wasn’t a vulture, like the others here… and he was strong. She could feel it emanating from his healthy form in thick waves.
She looked toward his store-tent, and the merchant immediately held the flap open for her, moving with a casual grace that she admired.
Alexa stepped inside with a hand still resting on one of her Colts, as a warning to those watching with heated glares. To have one old world supporter in town was a surprise - two was a threat, and it impressed her that they allowed this seller to stay. In the other places she’d been to since the End, flying the red, white, and blue was an instant battle to be survived. It said a lot about the man now closing out the dust with a light hand on the zipper.
Alexa evaluated the layout of the small store in seconds, marking neat displays of handmade firearms and bins of ammunition. Since the War, life anywhere depended on guns… and the men to use them. All of her crew would be gunslingers. Was this hard loner the first?
Edward kept a clear distance, able to feel the woman evaluating, determining his worth. Would he be accepted, rescued from the self-imposed prison he had created? Was it finally time for his real life to begin?
"May I offer you a drink?" He slid the hood back as he spoke, exposing black waves and a face roughened by the brutal Afterworld sun.
Alexa studied him. He was clearly no stranger to survival. It was evident in the cold eyes that watched her, expecting trouble, but also in the way his hand stayed near the 9mm on his hip. He had that fighter’s steel she needed… but, would he kill for her? This would be no easy quest.
Edward looked back just as intently. Tall, with uncountable blonde braids falling into thick ponytails that hung to her hips, the wide forehead and that thick nose fit with those remorseless blue eyes. However, the soft curve of her jaw and delicate arch of brows hinted at a softer side he thought few were probably lucky enough to know. The merchant suddenly wanted to be counted  one of those.
Before he could repeat the question, Alexa answered, "I have no thirst… only a hunger."
Her raspy voice rolled through the canvas like a match across sandpaper, snagging, bringing heat. Edward’s tone deepened. "What would please you, Mistress?"
That one word sent a short-lived smile across her weathered lips, "To be a man up when I leave this place.”
Alexa took a step closer, not caring about the scarlet drops trailing from her leg. "Do you have a mind to fill that need, tradesman?"
Edward nodded slowly, heart thumping with anxiety that didn’t bleed through his tones. "Aye. Nothing, but ghosts hold me here."
"Bones are to be buried, not brought along for this quest," Alexa warned sharply. "I need men, fighters."
“Aye, Lady. I am that.” Edward felt her strength, and a dark, endless well began to fill with hope. She sounded like a true leader...
The woman hardened herself against the silent pleading in his stiff body language. “Where do your loyalties lie?”
“With America,” his answer came instantly.
"As do mine," Alexa confided. She went on before he could make the mistake of questioning her words, of asking for proof. "I offer no pay, no promises. I will not swear to protect your life."
Edward's voice was surprisingly bitter, considering how much he wanted to go, to leave this place behind, "The quest above all else. I know the code."
Satisfied the merchant really did, - his tone said that he, too, had been to hell - Alexa asked the required questions quickly. "You'd go where I do? Abide me?"
Edward didn’t consider saying no, not with her vibrant sense of authority filling his canvas. "I would… and my thanks for the asking."
"My Honor, Horseman. You are the one called that?"
Alexa extended a scarred hand, head swimming with exhaustion. The battle in the desert had drained the small bits of energy she’d managed to glean since escaping the government bunker. She needed this part over with now, so that she could recharge.
 “I was.” Edward let his big hand move towards hers. His reputation had grown if she’d tracked him down from inside the Wastelands by that name. He hadn’t been called such since before the War of 2012… before his nature had gone from caregiver to life-taker.
Alexa pulled hard as they touched, drawing his energy. Willing killer or not, she needed him in more ways than just the obvious.
She was a magic-user!
Edward stiffened, but didn’t protest. Her drawing was the feel of icy water on unexpected skin, followed by the searing heat of flames. Sulphur and rose scents filled his nose.
He’d felt her calling out in need, even before seeing her. Hadn’t it brought him from his tent, when little else did? Edward shuddered as the heat increased.
Alexa shoved herself back, staggered down to her knees as his energy began to merge with her own. She mentally directed it toward her wounds, not looking up.
Her ways were different, even for Afterworld, but she waited for his reaction without much concern. He wanted to be free of this place, this life. His silence was screaming it, and she doubted he would pass up the opportunity. Many creatures, much more dangerous than her, roamed man’s roads now. Magic was easy enough to accept in comparison.
Thankfully, the rest of this apocalypse land was slowly coming to the same conclusions. Still shunned, magic-users were no longer being driven out of the scattered groups of refugees - unlike in the beginning, when the War first allowed nightmares to become reality. In Afterworld, one such as her could be useful, depending upon what battle for survival was being fought… and the price. Nothing was free in Afterworld - certainly not the talents she had to offer.
Head bowed, trembling, Alexa’s breathless rasp was still one of power. "I now give you one chance to back out… to live. After this, only bullets come to those who leave my side before the quest ends."
“Aye. That’s clear enough.”
Alexa heard his light steps moving away, but still didn’t look up, wasn’t sure she could yet. She needed five minutes to recharge, and that amount of time had almost cost her the quest more than once already. One of those mistakes had come recently, and left her with a slug in her thigh and rage in her heart. Regan would pay for his good aim, and so would the guard’s one-eyed boss.
Despite the merchant’s calmness, Alexa tensed as he returned. His boots stopped by her head - sturdy, made to endure this rugged land as much as their owner.
A fur blanket dropped over her shoulders an instant later.
"Mmm..." Alexa closed her eyes in bliss at the warmth. It had been so cold in the desert!
Her moan sent a flare of want into Edward’s gut, and he quickly moved back. He'd lost his submissive wife in the War, and this was no cheap slam to be ridden and escaped afterward. This woman was lethal.
And I’ll die on her quest. Edward was suddenly sure of it. He should send her away… "I have a room empty."
Her raspy chuckle in response tugged on his gentler side. Many seasons had passed since Edward had heard amusement, been the one to cause it. His presence for the last years had only brought scorn… and bloodshed.
"A canvas room is always empty."
Edward snorted at the military joke, "So it is, Lady, but mine lies under our feet."
Wary, Alexa grunted her consent, but didn’t move from the warmth of the fur. His energy was repairing, aiding, strengthening… and it hurt. Her own life force was very defensive.
Sensing her weakness, Edward knelt down. “May I?”
She grunted again, head still bowed, "My permission… and my gratitude, tradesman. It was a long trip out."
"You came from the Zone?"
"More than one.”
Alexa flashed to the battle she had clearly lost control of – to the tremor-storm that had saved her, but not left enough bodies. Even now, Corbin and Regan were likely on the way here. They wouldn’t find her underground, though, and she was thankful for this merchant’s defiant sign. The tattered flag said more about him than the neatness of his store, or the very low prices chalked on the board over the thin wooden counter.
Steeling himself to the feel, Edward lifted the woman carefully but without hesitation. It wasn’t the first time he had shared his energy, though it hadn’t felt nearly as intense. He wasn’t comfortable with magic-users, but he didn’t hate or fear them, either. Since the War, everything had changed - even reality. Adapting was the key.
Using his feet to open the cover to his hideout, Edward was aware that she was judging his value even as he gave aid. He had expected to dislike whoever finally saw his worth - there were few happy endings to journeys like these - but instead, found his heart eager to serve.
When did death become so mundane to me? Edward wondered briefly. There was no mistaking the feel, not since the War… and the aftermath that had turned him into a murderer.
Alexa tensed upon seeing the open hole in the parched dirt. She’d escaped the compound, but she wasn’t free. Corbin would never give up the hunt, and because of his connections, killing him wasn’t an option. He knew where her kids were, where they would be in the future - all of them. Until she had another way to locate them, that one-eyed bastard had a pass on her wrath. Regan, however…
The need to comfort the trembling woman had Edward hurrying carefully into the darkness with his prize. "Half a minute, and then we’ll have light - no longer."
Edward immediately cursed himself for putting an exact time on it, and then felt his lips curl up in distain. Time meant nothing now.
He didn’t fumble or feel weak, as he moved them down the ladder, and the warrior allowed herself a rare moment of comfort. Eyes closing, Alexa burrowed against his thick chest like a lover.
His clean, musky smell was tempting, but she didn’t draw more energy. Where they were going next, he would have need of it. Another of her fighters was begging to be found (saved), but before that, some of her children would be set free. She would live with that guilt no longer.
The darkness was complete as he pulled the lid closed and drew a deadbolt that didn't echo due to a light touch. Those outside would think they were still bartering… in one form or another. Unless they knew of this hole, then blood might spill. It was a risk to let this stranger take her below the ground, but in 2016, that's all life was anyway - a risk.
The steps went on for what seemed like much longer, but by her count, they were on solid ground before the thirty second mark.
"Lights."
Instantly, a dim, blue glow brightened the dank cavern that was really a half-collapsed section of the government bunker that edged this town. Filled with mud that had leveled the walls in places, it was an enormous room with dark doorways and tunnels leading to all ends of the abandoned complex. One small side of the area was nearly pristine. Edward headed that way.
The other was like looking in a museum window at a display marked: War of 2012. There were rusted guns and shell casings, and even mildewed smears still visible on the walls under artwork long since hidden by the black mold crawling up seams and sills. There were also graying bones in the corner, but it wouldn’t bother her to sleep here. It was a leftover from the other world, one she’d seen too many times to be upset over.
Stacks of cobwebbed chairs and machines lining the room winked in the soft glow, and Alexa turned her attention to what lay above. The panels of lights and maps faded into sleep mode as she watched, and she felt respect for his ingenuity. Despite the damage, he had gotten some of the old technology to work.
She grinned. "Clever. I am in great need of that skill."
Edward opened his mouth… closed it. He already liked her praise - a lot.
Aware of his response, Alexa leaned a bit deeper into his warm embrace, testing his character. Her lips brushed his jaw. "Would you have your service repaid in such a manner?"
If he chose to trade, she would honor it - and leave him here come dawn.
Alexa was gently held back, and then lowered to a half-filled air-mattress near the steps. For an instant, there was the sense of his body about to follow hers down… and then she was alone on the neatly made pallet.
"I'd talk about it another time...” Still fighting the lust, Edward moved back another step. "But Afterworld demands debts are settled while both people still live, so here's what I want... To know we fight for New America. I can give everything to that."
Braced, Edward waited for the scorn and mockery those words usually brought. Someone who could control horses through the violent weather was much sough after, but being a patriot was not.
Alexa understood what wasn’t said. Would-be masters came asking for him, as she may have had to if not for the flag, but once inside, his loyalties became clear and he was left behind. Especially by the women, who were more than half of the leaders she had come across since the War, but also by the few men still trying to gather an army to protest that shift in power.
Her hand tensed automatically as she answered. "I seek those who came before us."
Edward’s eyes widened. That legend was one he soaked up eagerly. To think that there was another life to be had, a second chance, no matter who you were before… what you’d done.
He stared in shock. "It is I who owe you."
Alexa leaned back onto the pallet, but never took her eyes from his. Almost clean, the smell of it wasn’t one that she would mind on her skin.
"And why is that?"
"Because I'd die in Safe Haven, or trying to prove it exists!"
The woman nodded, warming to him, "And you shall get your chance. So we both shall."
Too weary to resist the exhaustion, her eyes closed. "I'm Alexa."
"Edward. May I see to your wound?"
Satisfied, the leader gave her first of six a stunning smile, sending him to his knees in a dazed awe. Her pleasure was designed to draw, to unite. Normally used for ties with a mate, she was employing it to bind fighters to her for the quest. Where Adrian Mitchel led, Safe Haven followed. The same was true of his only daughter.


2
Shortly after he began to pry the bullet from her pale, perfect thigh, Alexa passed out, and Edward was glad. She'd made little sound, other than to carry on a conversation - quizzing him on the things she saw in the room, the technology that he’d brought back to life. She was strong, more so than any of those who'd come before, and Edward found no revulsion inside to be serving a female. Not this one. He already sensed the end that was waiting, but in time, he might be willing to die for her.
"Tell me how you came to be here."
He hadn't known she was awake, but to his credit, Edward controlled the flinch. "As we eat."
They were in the soft, blue glow of the cobwebbed ceiling lights, his store above them closed for the evening. There were hours of time to kill before dawn brought a start to their journey together, and even the distant drip of water in the darkness was slow.  In Afterworld, when nighttime fell over this dead land, time became… longer.
Alexa pushed up to sit against the wall, as Edward drew their dinner from a sweetly steaming pot that had once been a large coffee can. There were a variety of soothing noises, from the gentle crackle of the fire he had rigged to blow out of a vent, likely miles from here, to the soft hum of the machinery running the lights. His things were few and neat, ready to be grabbed, and she counted no less than three other useable exits besides the stairs she'd been brought down. It was a nearly perfect hole-up, but was he really the perfect student he appeared to be?
Making little noise, Edward handed her a plate-sized serving platter with three small bowls and a cup of what looked like milk. He moved back to collect his own, and she sampled the food warily.
"Mmm..."
Her low groan of pleasure had Edward turning toward her in need…
Alexa was impressed with his self-control when he stopped, went back to collecting his own bowl. Descendants were hard to resist.
"I call it swill."
Alexa snorted, scooping a larger bite of the slightly garlicky stew, "‘Tis pig, after all."
Edward was glad she understood the main ingredient. Many people now refused to eat pork. Swine flu vaccinations were long gone, but the nasty beasts were abundant. Their ability to eat almost anything was both the source of their survival and the revulsion of survivors. For a long while, human carrion had been the only readily available food source.
Alexa watched him settle a few feet away, noting the strength of his body, the ebony glow of his hair in the lights. He would be a solid hand when trained. Even now, he was a good addition.
"The Draft brought me here from Colorado. This is part of the bunker we were held in."
He didn't pray before eating, and Alexa hadn't expected him to. She doubted he’d believed in a long time. That was another thing all of her crew would have in common.
After a quick chew and swallow, he continued, and she speared one of the potato-like lumps in the second bowl.
"There were a lot of us - too many for them to keep feeding. A few months after the War, the regulations were changed. If we could prove we had kids, a family we would swear to return to, we could go.”
Another bite and swallow, this one to smother his anger, before his deep voice went on, "I was only married, not eligible. So, I killed a guard, took his keys, and let the other four barracks of draftees out."
Alexa jabbed another creamy bite, stomach growling. "The bunker was breached?"
"By those I set loose. Afterward, they sacked the closest towns, killing, raping, burning. Lexington was the only one to rebuild."
Alexa met his eye pointedly, "And why didn't they end you for it when they found out? Why do they tolerate even the sight of you here?"
His lined face flushed at the brutal honesty, but the outcast didn't look away, "Because there are only a few of them still alive who know… and I'm very, very good with my guns."
Alexa’s lips curled upward. "Is that so?"
Edward went back to his meal without repeating or even confirming.
Pleased, she forked a yellow tidbit in the last bowl. "Go on."
Alexa delighted in the taste of vanilla and crushed pineapples. Brown sugar too? He either had a good stock or knew where supplies were. That might come in handy.
"I went home first, as many of us eventually did, but my old life was… murdered. I came back here and opened a store with the things I'd gathered."
"Why return to the scene?"
Edward answered with an openness that hid nothing. "I had hoped there would be someone here who could kill me for my crimes."
“And after you realized they could not?”
Edward’s tone deepened into the misery that had been pulling her to this place, to his tent. “In time, I thought maybe I would find the courage to do what they couldn’t.”
Determined to ease his pain, Alexa’s words rang in the chilly air, "I will give you new ways, new hopes… if you can follow, swear yourself to me.”
Edward smiled slightly at the official offer. "I was yours the instant you chose my flag over everyone else.”


3
Alexa jerked awake in the darkness, instinct telling her danger was close.
She looked around to find Edward heading up the steps. He didn’t presume to tell her what to do, only cast a slightly curious look over his shoulder as he blended into the shadows.
Alexa quickly gathered her things, satisfied with her first. She was already sure who was stomping through Edward’s tent - the loose ends she had left in the desert. Most likely, it was a scouting party coming ahead of the main teams. When she’d escaped Corbin’s control, she had been tracked, but she’d stayed underground and remained out of their reach. Being spotted out of her hole-up had been an accident that she wouldn’t repeat twice.
Voices wafted down the stairs as she moved on a leg that was nearly healed thanks to the vibrant energy of her host. She judged the time to be just before the dawn's ugly break that would have woken her naturally.
Louder, angry words echoed now, and Alexa stilled as rage flared. One of those voices was familiar… and loathed. She’d thought to sneak away, but it wasn’t a scouting party. That was Regan was up there. She wasn’t leave without spilling his blood.
Alexa pulled herself onto the ladder and began to climb.

"Where is she?"
Standing behind the thin counter, Edward kept his tone even, "The woman left last night after buying ammo."
He waved a hand at the rack he had emptied into his bag while closing the store. "She went south."
Four of the soldiers stomped around, poking boxes and bins, turning over crates.
Their leader, a redhead with a mean twist to his lips, pointed toward the hole they'd seen him climb from. "What's down there?"
"My cellar."
Martial Law had not been revoked, and it made dealing with soldiers awkward. It was almost impossible to know if they were real or impostors, but it didn’t matter this time. Edward hated these men on sight. He was already sure they were the ones who’d shot Alexa.
"Search it."
"No."
Edward's words were like stone, and the four soldiers looked to their leader for direction.
Regan felt the challenge and sauntered closer. They’d followed their prey by common sense. This was the only outpost within a hundred miles, and she needed to regain her strength, her energy. She had to still be close by.
Regan studied the merchant, looking for the telltale signs. Deep bags under his eyes, a pulse that pounded slightly faster than was normal due to a low energy bank being refreshed. Yes, she’d taken from him, but… why wasn’t this man a pile of bones like the others they’d found?
His jealousy flared, and Regan stepped closer. "You'd deny a government search?"
Edward grunted. "I'll let you know when I see government. They bring papers."
Which wasn't always true, but the insult was clear enough. Edward watched the guard’s eyes narrow without worry. The redhead wore the weapons of a fighter, but the fit was awkward. It wasn’t something that could be said of himself. His own guns were an extension of his body, and always ready for use.
"We’re going to search it." Regan warned. “If you interfere, I’ll shoot you.”
Edward sensed Alexa listening from the open hatch, felt her agreement.
"You can try..." He glared in warning, eager to show his new Mistress a bit of his talents. “You can also die.”
Regan went for his gun at the challenge, and the soldiers with him did the same.
"Down!"
Edward hit the floor at her order, not needing to draw. Alexa handled it, Colts crashing.
Her first two shots were the best, hitting three of the men. One was Regan, and he was saved death only by the smallest of flinches. The slug slammed through his arm and punched a hole in the tent. Her other bullet went through two necks within an instant of each other.
Regan returned fired wildly in surprise, sending a bullet into the tent floor near the cellar entrance. “Get her!”
Beside him, the two remaining soldiers darted forward.
Alexa fired again, sent them into the side of the tent with gaping holes in their foreheads.
The tent teetered from the weight, ripping at the seam. Gusts of sand flew into the canvas.
Edward was amazed. Five seconds and five bodies… except one of them wasn’t dead yet.
Alexa didn’t come out, and Edward followed her lead, staying behind the counter. He did slowly draw his gun - in case she needed him.
Regan was crouched behind an overturned display - cursing his choice to come in before backup arrived. Commander Corbin had said it was okay to grab her if Regan thought he could. That one-eyed man was also on the way, but it would be hours too late. There was only one thing to try - the truth.
“We have your brother.”
Silence…
“He was in Ocean City, waiting for someone.”
Alexa surprised both men by answering.
“You know who he waits for.”
Regan grimaced, shifting his gun to his uninjured hand. All bunker guards were required to shoot well with both. “Yes, but you’re not going to make it, are you?”
“Perhaps I’ll go further than your narrow mind can accept.”
Alexa’s taunt had Regan snarling. “We’ll never let you bring Adrian back! If he comes here, Corbin will slaughter every child he holds!”
Edward felt the air thicken. Death was sweeping their way again.
“Why does it matter to you, killer of the innocent? He won’t keep you around so long as that.” Alexa laughed harshly at him. “You have no value.”
“I will when I bring you in!”
“You can try… and you can die.”
Regan charged the hole.
Crrackk!
A simple shot, Alexa watched her enemy fall with satisfaction blazing across her cheeks. For his crimes, Regan deserved worse that a fast bullet to the throat, but it would do.
She holstered her gun as voices came from outside the tent. The shots were bringing the townspeople… the next danger.
Edward spun for a corner, grabbing the two large kits he'd made while she slept. He slung one over each shoulder while moving back toward the hole. "Coming down."
"Clear."
He moved swiftly, landing a second after she did. "Front path."
A row of blue lights came to life at his command, showing the exit. Alexa nodded - glad of the mental map he’d just given her.
The lights went out, and her eagle-eyes saw him grab two more bags, then head for the smallest of the exits.
"They're coming," he warned, moving faster.
Alexa followed him, listening to the angry, worried mutters of the merchants above them that were discovering the bodies. The surviving government was brutal. Hours from now, only tumbleweeds would remain in Lexington.
Edward noticed that she followed him silently - not even shifting gravel despite the darkness and unknown terrain - and felt a wall of excitement rise up. He was glad she couldn't see him right now, see how openly happy he was. His second chance, his real life, had begun!
Alexa smiled indulgently in the dark, estimating they would travel half a day in these caves before he led them to light. He obviously knew them well, and she turned her attention to the next steps, content to let him lead. Come daybreak that would change.

Two


1
They emerged from the reeking ground almost eleven hours after the map winked off, and the dimly fading sunlight was a secret relief. Man wasn't meant to live under the ground, and they'd felt that clearly while listening to the angry earth rumble and mutter above them.
Eager to be in the light, the sight of their company as they emerged was not pleasant.  Snakes - some the size of decaying trees - were spread out over the rocks and boulders that lined the entrance, effectively trapping them.
Alexa pulled a plan from her bag of tricks, slowly drew the crossbow from her belt. She motioned to Edward, and they carefully eased back inside the shadows of the dank cave.
Alexa knelt quickly, adding and then baiting a string with a shiny lure that she didn't hesitate to fire after only a bare glance for aim.
The arrow sailed from her crossbow, shooting out into the dim sky with a whistle that drew attention instantly.
Unlike the juveniles who made a mad dash, the larger snakes watched it start to fall, estimating, before they too slithered toward it, snapping and hissing at each other.
Alexa made a quick gesture Edward couldn't mistake and headed for the entrance. She jumped up the side of the stone like a cat, and he followed, being as quiet as he could. He hated snakes even more than wolves.
Alexa took them toward the top, never unsure in her footing. They were fifty feet up before she even paused for a look. Seeing movement at the base of the cliff, she immediately went back to climbing.
Edward followed, careful to place his bigger feet where hers had been. Without being told, the man knew she was also picking the ledges with his weight in mind, and the beginnings of real trust started to grow.
Alexa paused, scowling, "They're coming."
Looking down, Edward couldn't see anything.
She shook her head, digging one-handed through the kit while holding onto the ledge. "From the inside."
He could feel it as soon as she said it - the vibrations under his hands as the reptiles slid through the gaps and crevices, shifting smaller rubble. They were right behind these walls.
"This is your first test. It's a bit rougher than I had planned to start you with, so watch me closely and continue to live your new, real life."
Alexa tied a thick rope around her waist, one with a small, hard knot at the other end, which she tossed to him.
He caught awkwardly in his surprise. Had she pulled that from his thoughts? How strong was she?
Edward did better with the rope already around his own waist, only needing the hand knot and the throw.
"Slack, is the key,” Alexa informed him quickly. “Stand pat while I jump."
Edward started to wrap the hand knot tighter and stopped, searching for better footing instead. At that point she began jumping, and his grip on the rope was unbreakable.
Alexa swung a leg out to stop and landed gracefully on a nearby ledge.
“Shit!”
She looked back to see the stone under Edward’s feet crumbling, hungry fangs lunging…
"That's mine!" she roared, snapping the rope backwards.
It jerked him off the edge and out of reach.
Alexa’s arms bulged with straining muscles as she guided the falling man to the ledge below her.
Edward caught himself, remembered to breathe.
"Ready?"
He nodded, his heart not quite steady, and braced as she jumped again.

It was exhausting work, but very effective. Fifteen minutes later, they were around the side of the granite cliff. It would take weeks for the hungry reptiles to get through the mountain and at least two days to go around.
Alexa began to move them downward, body draped in a fine sheen of sweat. Corbin and his henchmen wouldn’t be able to see smoke from a fire, either, thanks to the mountain blocking their view. She would be able to sleep.
Edward was glad to see flat ground gradually moving closer. His arms were on fire, back and neck screaming. Alexa had to be feeling the same or worse, but the horseman didn't hesitate to jump and let her swing him. She was in the lead now.

2
Alexa and Edward sat side by side in front of a small fire, freshly washed and fed. Mugs in hand, they leaned against the stone cliff and watched the odd slowness of nighttime in Afterworld surround them.
They’d hunted together, using knives, and Edward hoped he’d pleased her with his talents there. The rabbit hadn’t been a real test, but it had been a neat kill.
Edward studied the purple sky, the layer of thick grit that never seemed to dissipate. Somewhere up there, was a space station…with the bodies of those who’d been there when the War came. Had they run out of water or air first?
It was a morbid thought, and Edward struggled to ignore the old feeling of rage. Those who’d destroyed the world hadn’t been punished. That still sat wrong with him.
Alexa listened to the sounds of the night. The wind was restless, upset, and showers of blackened leaves rained own on them steadily. Nature hadn’t liked helping her escape.
Edward broke the silence reluctantly, “Was it the redhead who shot you?”
Alexa glanced over. It was only fair he gained some idea of who their hunters would be, what they were capable of to attain their goals.
“Regan, yes.”
“Why?” Edward couldn’t find a reason to kill a female. Take them hostage, yes, but killing instead of selling them? It was unusual for Afterworld.
“I escaped...” Alexa’s voice faded into a low mutter as she took two pouches from her cloak pocket. “And was found.”
Sure of the next question, she gave him a tolerant nod. “As we smoke.”
Her fingers began to twist the tobacco, and the night around them seemed to slow even further.
“I spent two months hiding underground, evading patrols. The first time I came up, Regan was waiting.”
Edward listened intently as she told him of her battle for survival in the Wastelands.


Then
She'd stayed below ground as long as she could.
And it wasn't a surprise that there was someone waiting topside for her. Only who it was, caused concern. After letting her escape, Regan should have been punished, not sent out to collect her. Maybe it was an awful coincidence... except it didn't feel that way.
Alexa slowly pushed the cover aside, other hand ready and willing, but barely able. She’d regained little strength during her months of hiding. Her kind was not meant to be alone for many reasons.

Regan tensed, sensing more than seeing movement. He'd been here for a week, instinct guiding him. That skill had allowed him to pick up his victims trail time after time. Here and now, it had led him to Alexa.
Her escape had forced big changes at the compound, including the transfer of a large number of the Descendants. His own part in it hadn't been discovered... but had lingered just the same. It was one of those moments he'd do anything to change…
The cover moved.
Regan's hand tightened on the rifle. On the other side of the hole, four men waited for his call. They'd been relaxed a minute ago, but he'd chosen these men for their brains, not their brawn. Slowly, he motioned for them to get ready… and they did.
Regan planned to dart her and take her back to Commander Corbin. He had volunteered for this duty for many reasons, but payback wasn’t the top of the list - earning marks with the boss was. If he became one of the favored, he would be free to kill while guarding the sessions. He’d strangled normal survivors and found no thrill in it any longer. Someone with power, though, a Descendant…

The waves of menace coming her way were impossible to miss, and Alexa closed the lid. In desperate need or not, she couldn’t go up there yet. She could wait for the cover of darkness, and hopefully, there would be a layer of fog. She had two other exits, but they were both a mile away in different directions and her weakened condition wouldn’t allow it. She needed to go topside and use her remaining energy on a meal. Unless she stole some of what she needed…
Alexa carefully found a corner and slid down against the wall, one of her Colts in hand. The other claw-like talons were against the earth, drawing on a third option she had employed many times, but never from this source - if the enemy was out of reach, simply convince (or force) someone else to strike them in your place.

Regan scowled in frustration as the lid slid closed. She knew they were here. Would she run for a different hole or wait for the right moment to fight?
The evil guard grinned, thinking of the glimpse he’d gotten. Emaciated and clumsy in weakness, he’d barely missed having enough time to load a dart before she’d dropped into a hole. The shock of seeing her out in the open gathering water had cost him precious seconds she’d used to vanish.
He hadn’t been sure if she’d spotted him or not, but that was a given now. However, her kind needed energy and she clearly hadn’t had time to search for any while the government trucks rolled in and out. After her escape, the big bunker had ordered most of the Descendants transferred to other locations, and the traffic had been steady - enough to keep Alexa in hiding. What had she been living off of underground? Raw, whatever it was, because smoke drew quick attention. It meant people or trouble, and there hadn’t been any reports of either.
Regan grinned, feeling more confident. She would wait for dark and come up with the intention of killing, but he’ would have a nice surprise in place for her instead. The thought of going in to ferret her out never crossed his mind. Underworld was lethal by itself. Add in Alexa, even unarmed, and the odds of coming back up shrank to zero.
Moving slowly, Regan waved at his men to back off and meet up half a mile to the south. They would still be able to see her cubbyhole with the binoculars, but she wouldn’t be able to hear their plans or movements. When you dealt with a Descendant, Corbin said it was best to be as meticulous as possible, and while Regan knew he couldn’t be perfect, he had every intentions of winning this battle. He was taking her back… and dead was acceptable.
Meeting up with the sixth man guarding their transportation, the recon team gathered around the dingy green hardback, working out a plan.
Under their feet, Alexa did the same.

4
North of them, the Spirit of Nature was dozing. When winter came, she would expend her stores of furious wrath, but in the harvest time, Nature like to rest. It was a reward for the hard work of the reproductive season… and of gathering.
Her army was growing relentlessly. In less than two years, the last of mankind would be exterminated from shores around the world. The southern lands would be the final holdouts, but without the Alpha, a Beta, and a few others, human’s had no chance of winning the war they’d begun.
Even if all those needed were to find each other - something the Mother would never allow - they would still have to travel to where she dwelled. It was the only place to close the gates, the only soil where the Spirit could also be the flesh – where she could be challenged and possibly even defeated. Should such a group make it to her shores, Nature would still be a formidable opponent, with legions of faithful followers for the fight. She enjoyed watching humans kill each other... helping it along.
“Warning…”
Drawn into alertness, the Mother marked the feeling of a Descendant, and forced herself to start waking early. Someone was gathering energy from the dirt… taking what wasn’t theirs!
Nature’s fury rose quicker than her alertness, and she retaliated without thought or pause.

5
As soon as the ground began to shake, Alexa was on her feet and moving for the cover. Being buried wasn’t in her plans, only a much-needed distraction and a small bit of energy to start her next bid for freedom on.
Gun in hand, she shoved the lid over and hoisted herself into the daylight. All she had to do was get out of sight during the chaos.

The tremor raced through the ground like a bomb blast directed right at them, and the guards were caught unaware. The earth under their boots split, cracking violently in protest.
“Stay still!” Regan shouted.
The men ran instead, jumping gaps that opened as a loud roar rattled their heads. So much for them having brains…
“There she is!”
Regan turned too late to stop his second in command from being shot in the head before he could lower the hand he had been pointing at her with. Regan fired toward the shadow fleeing through the shower of falling leaves. Damn quake!
Regan fired again and had a moment’s satisfaction when the shadow filched, stumbled. He’d hit her!
To his frustration, she took of running, telling him it wasn’t a serious injury.
The tremor’s strength increased noticeably, and the ground split open near where she’d emerged. Finding her gone, the roar grew almost intolerable.
The tremor was also hunting Alexa, and the grinding of earth shifted toward where she’d vanished.
 “Come on!” Regan’s shout was distorted but understandable, and the small team of men gave chase.
Taking advantage of the violent shaking, Alexa hefted herself into the first branch of a thick tree, gasping. She was almost out of energy, out of time…
A guard darted under her without looking up… then another. In seconds, this tree would be uprooted.
The ground behind them was splitting open in a wide, ear-piercing rip that Alexa was sure was being guided by the tree she’d chosen. Its panicked pleas for mercy were vibrating through her head like a bell.
A third soldier ran under the tree as the earth pounded closer.
Regan neared her location…
Alexa tensed…
As if in response, the ground stilled…

The trio ahead didn’t go far. “Fall back!”
“Find a track!”
Nature hunted silently, determined to recover the energy that had been stolen…
Regan felt Alexa’s glare, turning, arm rising…
Alexa dropped onto Regan’s back, arms snaking around his throat. Her lips melded to his skin, drawing hard and leaving traces of her recent theft…
Energy flooded her throat at the exchange, sinking into her like water through dirt.
“Not again!” Regan slung her hot weight to the ground, finger tightening on the trigger. Dead was acceptable…
Alexa was helpless as his energy flew through her body, unable to move until it recharged her. All he had to do was fire and the quest was over. If Nature didn’t take the bait now, it was all for naught.
“Please forgive me, Father…”
Regan leered, mouth opening…
“Look out!”
Behind the evil man, the tree was shoved out of the ground. Tilting backwards as fell, the earth split open, and thick roots rose under Regan’s feet, making him stumble backward. The shifting tangles of dirt snared his ankles, seeming to jerk him off his feet.
Regan slapped the ground with his face…
Dead roots slithered eagerly his way…
Alexa immediately darted for cover. Even in her vulnerable condition, she was behind the dead trees and out of sight seconds later.
Behind her, gunfire and screams filled the air. It was a common sound in Afterworld.


Now
Alexa didn’t need to look at Edward to know he was finding her story a bit incredible. She didn’t disabuse him of the notion. In two days time, he would see for himself.
Without another word, she slid down into her bedroll and closed her eyes.
Edward watched her for a long moment, suspecting encounters like that might mark their quest. He could only hope he would be able to react through the shock.


7
“Should we bury them?”
The Commander’s harsh, one-eyed glare was answer enough, and the lower-ranking man took a step back. Garbed in dark clothes and deadly gear, Corbin’s most outstanding feature was his missing eye. He kept a patch over it, but the sense of menace it delivered was thick.
“Burn it.”
They’d come (late) to aid Regan in recapturing the woman and found his body instead. Regan’s skills as an interrogator would be missed, but not his clumsiness. He liked to kill, but wasn’t very good at it. It was better that he wasn’t around anymore to expose what really took place on the bottom floors of the compound.
Corbin studied the abandoned shacks and tents around them as the order was carried out. This was the first actual sighting of their prey in months. Alexa had been careful to stay on the move after the tracking venom had cleared out of her system. Before that, she’d been traceable but unattainable due to her preference for being underground.
Regan’s call had been unexpected, though the loss of him and two squads wasn’t. When challenging someone like Alexa, four teams of men were required, sometimes more. Corbin had been glad to see he’d chosen to try and lost. Corbin didn’t want Alexa recaptured, though the big bunker would never know it.
The bodies flamed up brilliantly with a little chemical help, and the soldiers moved back to avoid the flying debris. When their commander motioned toward the rest of the abandoned town, his men obeyed. They had no problem with setting fires. It was one of the perks of being topside - no one cared if it burned.
“Where has she gone?” Corbin demanded of the short, hunched-over man at his side. If she had left with someone, - and their slow-packing informant had fearfully told them that was the case - then she’d begun the quest. With that proof, Corbin would be able to negotiate a different sort of future for Alexa with his superiors, one that didn’t involve killing her. At least, not yet.
“Can’t you get anything, Rabbit?”
Rab shook his head. The screen in his hand showed only static. “It wore off. The tracker juice only lasts a few weeks… and you know that,” Rab tacked on quietly.
He didn’t want to draw fire, but was unable to pass up the opportunity to call Corbin on something. He was only alive at the Commander’s whims, but it did little to stem the hatred of captivity. Rab had been raised in the complex, trained to work in the labs. He’d spent the last twenty years developing technology for the government that was holding him hostage.
“Yes, I do.” Corbin glared back.
He was very aware of the scientist’s talents, but he despised the gifted weakling for caving to servitude. Still, it had its uses to have a genius on the team. Rab had the blond hair and blue eyes of the DNA marker, but both were mussed, not quite in line with the other scientists. Those few he had contact with were sure to behave carefully, fearing he was Corbin’s eyes and ears…. and he was.
“How about a guess?”
Rab hesitated. Corbin was tall and imposing, with a quick fist and an even quicker cover-up when one of his favorite men got into trouble. Rab wasn’t one of those, though he frequently wished he were.
Due to the War, Corbin’s brutal research was mostly unhampered by outside authority. He ran his complex as he saw fit, and only the annual visit brought outsiders from the big government bunker. Four times a year, he also had to send reports and specimens, but those went with a flunky. Until the escape, neither Corbin nor any of his closest men had been topside in two years. If he made the man angry enough, Corbin would kill him… or leave him out here in this ugly wilderness.
“To gather the rest of her crew?” Rab finally answered.
“Then they’ll bring Adrian back, and come for the others.” Corbin confirmed.
Rab agreed reluctantly. “She knows the kids are still being held, even if it’s not in the same bunker.”
Corbin’s new personal man stepped closer, tone curious. Shane had never met those he was guarding - had been surprised to get the orders. “Why don’t they use their gifts to escape?”
Rab spoke up quickly. “Because of the bond. They’re connected through the DNA marker. None of them are strong enough to walk away from the others. That’s why they’re so lightly guarded.”
“What about this one?” Shane questioned respectfully, not returning the scientist’s curious look. “She left them all and didn’t look back.”
The woman had looked back, but Rab didn’t correct the well-built man. “She’s not like the others.
“She is an Alpha.” Corbin stated, thinking thee was only one stronger than her that they’d ever discovered. It was really no surprise that those in charge wanted her dead. She and her infamous father were threats. “They follow her.”
The Commander moved toward the jeeps, thinking even Alexa had been unable to completely resist the pull. She had come back once, right after her escape, and found only an empty compound. She’d shown up alone, but Corbin had little doubt she would have been successful had the children still been inside.
“Back to the compound to deliver your report?” Rab asked eagerly, sliding behind the wheel. They were setup in the mountains this time, and he felt very safe inside those granite walls.
“Send it in this time, use Shane.” Corbin started taking maps from his folder. “We’re not going back.”
Rab didn’t like the tone in the Commander’s voice. “Until we find her, right?”
Corbin slowly turned his head, one eye glaring furiously, and Rab braced to be hurt. He never knew if would be mental or physical, but it was always painful.
“You’re never going back there, Rabbit. Your days of comfort at a complex are over now that the quest has begun.” Corbin shrugged cruelly. “I’m almost sure you’ll die somewhere along the way. Your kind always does.”
Corbin enjoyed the injured look, but only allowed himself a brief moment of it. There were more important things to handle, than this weakling who would never grow up to take his place. Rab’s days were numbered…and he liked making sure the boy knew it.
Rab didn’t say anything else, but he understood Corbin was scared of the quest he’d allowed to start. The Legends of Safe Haven and Adrian’s return had been smothered and twisted, but the heart of it couldn’t be changed. The woman would find Adrian, and then Adrian would come - but, not just for the Corbin. The Legends insisted Adrian would exterminate the very reason for the War. Surely that meant all of the surviving government? Those in charge were terrified of it, so much so that they’d put a bounty on Adrian’s head that rivaled any in history. Assassins of all sorts would flood this land upon the Guardian’s return.
It was a thought that had Rab ignoring the stench of charring flesh as they drove by the flaming tent. When Adrian came home, he and all the others being held would be set free.
Knowing Alexa’s quest had truly begun sent hope deep into Rab’s heart. A second chance, no matter who you were or what you’d done…

Three


1
Long before a cold dawn, Alexa and Edward were enjoying the warmth left from breakfast embers. As they shared a rolled smoke, she told him of their first adventure together. After the snakes, she’d felt it wise to let him sleep before explaining the newest danger to be faced.
“I have rats on my trail.”
Edward nodded easily, ignoring his sore places. They were minor twinges that he could function with. “I assumed so.”
“They’ll hunt in every place we go, follow me relentlessly...”
He heard the tone. “Unless?”
“Unless they are distracted. We must not let them keep us from the quest.”
She unfolded a battered map of the surrounding area. “We head here.”
Edward’s eyes narrowed onto the spot she’d pointed out. It was granite-mountain terrain. He shrugged. “I go where you go.”
Satisfied, Alexa shook her head at the dregs, letting him enjoy it. “Are you set for two days of straight travel?”
“Four times as much.” He opened his mouth again, to question how it would work, but Alexa’s words stopped him.
“We have no need for that. Everything is shared.”
Edward relaxed, went back to his coffee and smoke. They’d spent a calm night, and after seeing her in action, he wasn’t dreading the mountains. She would lead and he would follow.
It was odd, however, to be topside with the dawn - for both of them. There was silence as they watched the dark green sky begin to lighten. This new world was full of things Edward had little understanding of. Safety, what little there was to be had, came from staying in the light, and it was something he was already sure Alexa wouldn’t do.
Edward looked toward his new companion as he had the thought, wondering if her strengths included such things. Did this hard woman know how to handle that darkness? They’d camped around a small fire at the base of the cliff, and she hadn’t stood a watch or slept lightly. He’d been up before her, as well. Did those things matter? Edward sensed a toughness and ability to deal with whatever came, but if she was careless…
“Speak your mind.”
Drawing in a breath, Edward did just that. “We should have a guard when we camp… and use cover for our fire.”
“Do you think so?”
Her curt words made him look up to see her almost mocking expression. She already knew those things. He flushed at his own arrogance.
“I felt no need to guard what could only be had if the snakes were conquered first. The screams and gunfire would have warned us.”
It was a simple answer, and his cheeks darkened further.
“You are not wrong to question,” Alexa conceded evenly, rising to her feet. “In your place, I would do the same.”
Edward hurried to kick sand over the coals and catch up. He wouldn’t again, though. One disdainful glance from those eyes had already been lesson enough. She was leader on this quest. Time would prove it.


2
They traveled for the next two days, finally reaching her goal as late afternoon fell.
Set on an acre of flat, wooded ground, the bunker was much smaller that the Utah Facility, but more fortified. A mere ten foot of it was above ground, and the single door was time-locked except in case of a fire. There was no way they were storming those walls. The inside, would have to come out.
Finding this alternate underground facility hadn’t been hard for Alexa after her escape, but leaving once she had, was a torment she still carried. Alone, she’d had little hope of keeping her kids free once she rescued them, and they couldn’t come on the quest.
Then there was also the question of what to do with the children once the soldiers picked up the trail. Until she’d had that settled, taking them away from here hadn’t been an option. That had changed now. She would free them before Corbin chose to use them against her again. Even a week’s hunted freedom was worth it, a small light of hope that would spread o the others still waiting.
And it would rattle Corbin. He knew the quest had begun. His determination to find Safe Haven matched her own, but not his intelligence. If he’d been truly smart, he would have killed her long ago. It was a mistake that either she or her father would see he paid for in time.
Alexa glanced over at the tired, determined man at her side. She hadn’t had an energy source to draw from then, wouldn’t have been able to send for the birds after her escape.
The woman wondered briefly what Edward’s reaction would be to finding out that his energy was a part of why he was here. The horseman hadn’t been with her long enough to know that it was a lot more than that. She honestly needed a crew for this journey, but he would think it was the only purpose he had for a while. Would he still be at her side after that revelation? Alexa pushed the worry away, and continued studying the bunker.
Edward stared in concern at the concrete entrance set into the granite cliffs. They’d spent two hard days getting here, hours where he’d copied her movements and habits, and tried not to feel inferior. She hadn’t stopped the whole time - not to eat or sleep - and even bathroom breaks were quick trips into the brush.
They hadn’t encountered any problems, other than the wind that was cold enough to make a man’s eyes water. He’d been glad of the goggles and gloves she’d had in her kit for him. Her own skin didn’t seem to get cold, and he had envied her steady stride more than once. By the time they’d gotten here, Edward had been grateful it was over for more than a minute so he could sit down and try to feel his feet again.
Alexa was aware of his soreness, she had her own aches and pains, but if she let him rest, he would stiffen-up and be useless for an entire day.
Grimacing at the pop of her knees as she stood, she waved him to the place directly behind her. “Watch the south.”
Edward started to argue that he was too exhausted to be part of a rescue, but stopped himself. Had he thought a life with her would be easy?
They moved toward the main door openly, hands hovering over holsters.
The guards inside noticed them with shock. Other than those being guarded here, they hadn’t seen a survivor in years. Alarms began to blare all over the government compound.
“Stay behind me, no matter what.”
“Aye.” Thinking it was to guard her back, Edward did as he was told, while wishing he’d asked what her plan was.
She stopped ten yards from the reinforced door, an easy range for anyone decent with a gun. Edward waited tensely to see her shot.
Alexa concentrated, eyes fluttering closed. In her mind, doors swung open.
“The time has come… I have come!”
Inside the bunker, guards were distracted from the mild entertainment by captives surging for freedom. Alexa and her companion were quickly forgotten.

3
Edward watched the door, hoping he would be able to kill the first one out and maybe convince them to negotiate for whatever it was that she wanted. The noises behind those doors were uneasy, louder than a government complex should be. His hand tensed as the lock clicked.
“Stand your ground.”
Her words were firm, and Edward let go of his butt. Before he could say anything, the door swung open… and kids began streaming out.
Dressed in white, many of them were stained with bright red streaks and splatters, telling Edward how their freedom had been gained. They helped each other, carrying the younger ones, and he was horrified at their bruised, abused condition.
Some of the kids moved alertly to Alexa’s side, but most headed straight for the trees and disappeared.
“Should I try to get them…”
“No.”
The group around them slowly grew from a dozen, to two…and then three. How many children were in there?
Two tall girls of about thirteen ran to Alexa and threw themselves at her boots. Crying her name, the bald twins were panicked in their grief and joy.
“We did it!”
“We killed them all!”
“There’s no one left inside! We killed them all!”
Alexa’s hands settled onto each head, and the girls visibly calmed.
“Sshhh… You did what you had to.”
Alexa’s eyes swept over her large group of kids, seeing all the injured and weakest had been left. Not even those with the DNA marker were immune to fear. Those who had run stood little hope of evading the soldiers with an injured party.
She looked at the bunker and then back down to the twins. “You’re sure there’s no one left?”
The girls’ simultaneously spoken words were eerie. “They took many of them to other places when we moved. This complex held only a hundred.”
They had half of that number around them now and only minutes before a patrol would discover the escape. Alexa closed her eyes, sending out the power again. Without being told, the children joined her, feeding off their joy at finally being freed.
Edward listened to the waves of power with a slightly disbelieving ear. It was like a call for help and a challenge in one, and he forced himself not to wince as it grew stronger. What they were calling to, he wasn’t anxious to see, but he was honored to be a part of something so noble as rescuing children. He stood proudly behind her.
The thought of traveling with these kids all the way to find Safe Haven didn’t cross Edward’s mind until he began really looking at them. Some of their injuries wouldn’t allow a slow trip, let alone a fast flight. What would Alexa do?
“Watch the south side.”
Clearly that’s where she expected trouble to come from and he turned his attention that way… in time to see a pack of very large dogs running towards the children.
“Look out!” Edward started firing before the snarling animals were close enough to hurt any of the kids, and heard Alexa spin to do the same.
Their guns barked loudly, drawing screams and running feet that they were forced to ignore as more dogs burst from the south perimeter and charged their way.
Edward let go of his control and proved his words of being very, very good with his guns.
The pack thinned quickly as he protected them, and Alexa stopped firing to watch in admiration. There weren’t so many left that he couldn’t handle it, and she studied his technique, his fast reload with only a seconds’ pause. He was better than good. He was on her level. Excellent.
The perimeter soldiers followed the dogs from the trees, and Edward switched targets, hitting them with beautiful head-shots before they could draw and fire. He blew them off of their feet, never hesitating. These men had held the kids, hurt them. That wouldn’t be allowed to continue!
Alexa let him take care of the dozen guards, ready to hit any he missed, but there was a thick silence after he stopped firing that said he could have handled much more.
The few bullets the soldiers had managed to get off, hit nothing vital.
Instinct made her turn suddenly. “Get down! Down! Down!”
A second squad of soldiers came from the side of the bunker, and the kids scrambled to get out of the line of fire as Alexa started pulling the trigger.
Edward finished the last two guards with a quick aim. None of these first men had returned fire, but the ones coming from behind the bunker were, and he hurried to help Alexa.
More of the kids were running for the trees now, unable to take the noise and death, and Alexa let them go. The mental ties that had kept them all captive were guilt-laden cords that no longer existed. Their kind wouldn’t leave a man behind if they had another choice, but it didn’t mean they wanted to be around each other. After the torments these kids had suffered, being left alone to fend for themselves was a relief.
The soldiers were all down, only a few wounded for Edward to pick off from where he stood, and Alexa narrowed her eye on the darkening sky. Their call had gone through.
“Mind the south!”
Alexa’s words snapped Edward from his shock at the sight of so many doves diving down from the apocalyptic sky. The birds were everywhere, and he couldn’t help watching in amazement as they landed on the children. Giggles and laughter rose with the wind, a powerful noise that seemed to improve their health as he watched.
More doves fluttered down, surrounding the group, and the kids lifted happy arms covered with the old symbols of peace.
Alexa pointed toward the trees that held the freshly beaten path of those who’d fled, and a large split of the birds took flight. They surged toward the woods, and Edward had little doubt they were headed for the other children.
He started to ask what the doves were for, but the sound of engines had his gun rising in defense. “Company! From the South!”
Alexa looked at the twin girls huddling by her feet. She didn’t speak, but they both nodded shakily.
“Yes, we will, and we thank you for the Honor.”
Alexa’s tone was gentle. “As best you can stand.”
The girls stood up, and Edward knew to move out of their way as a large group of jeeps and trucks came into view from the south. They rolled up the winding drive with men checking their guns, getting set to open fire…
Alexa stood behind the twins, face impassive to the threat. “You are of age. Take your place among my Father’s army.”
Both girls had tears running down their cheeks, but Edward wasn’t sure if it was joy or pain that caused it. Their hands tightened on each other, and small blue flickers of magic shot into the air, merging with the gritty sky.
“Barrier!”
The twins screamed it simultaneously, and Edward flinch back as a vivid bolt of lightening forked across the roiling clouds above them. Ahead, the huge convoy of soldiers hurried closer, gaining speed...
There was nothing to stop the vehicles that Edward could see, but half a mile before they reached the freed kids, the vehicles in the front of the convoy crashed violently into an invisible barrier.
There was no noise, no burning smell, but the explosions were immense. Flaming debris bounced off of the force field and sprayed the other jeeps that swerved to miss the wreckage.
Alexa placed a hand on each of the twins’ arms and the barrier lit up in a flash of white light that exploded over the soldiers. It grew blinding, forcing Edward’s eyes down. When looked back up, nothing moved on the other side of the now very visible barrier except smoke and fire.
Edward saw Alexa stumble to her knees and found himself at her side without a thought. “Are you okay?”
The twins had scrambled back anxiously, but his concern for Alexa was obvious. They comforted him from a few feet away.
“She just needs to catch her breath.”
Their double timbre made him look up. “You’re sure?”
To his surprise, they both giggled. The sound floated over the huddling children, telling them the trouble was over.
“She is the Alpha female.”
As if that explained it, they turned from him and moved back toward the bunker. Many of the other children followed, and Edward’s face was confused. “Aren’t they going with us?”
Alexa slowly shook her head. “The doves will carry their messages. Until someone comes for them, they will live off of the compound’s supplies.”
“But to leave them here…”
Alexa waved at the smoky barrier, the wreckage, “Did you not see what they are capable of?”
“But without you…”
“They are safer.” Alexa pushed herself to her feet. “They were drugged before, threatened with each other’s pain. That is no longer a rule they will abide. I have freed them in the way that will allow them to survive.”
Meaning any soldiers that came would be killed by those who had already taken lives to get free.
“And when the big bunker sends men?”
Alexa shrugged. “Their first patrols will be wiped out if any of these kids still remain here. It will be months before anyone important knows what’s happened.”
Feeling better about their future, Edward had to ask one last question, had to know. “And those who have no one to come for them?”
Her tone said she wanted the job, but it wasn’t supposed to be hers. “They’ll find a family, if they think they need one, but these children are not human as you know the word. From a young age, they are left to fend for themselves. They sometimes find their parent after reaching legal age, but because of government trackers, it’s not safe for them to have families before then. It’s how many of these were captured. They’ll stay low and wait.”
“Wait for what?”
Alexa turned toward the bunker without answering, but it sent her thoughts straight to the reason she now existed. These kids and hundreds more like them were waiting for a place where the light of peace would let them grow in protection and guidance. That place was Safe Haven and that leader, was her father. Adrian had no idea so many like them existed. If he had, he never would have left. She had to find Safe Haven. It was time for him to come home.

4
They spent the night in the bunker with the kids.
There were roughly three dozen who hadn’t fled, ages ten to fifteen, and while they didn’t avoid each other, it was clear they weren’t a close group. They didn’t talk or joke like normal kids, but they didn’t fight either, and the cleanup of the ground floor was done without anyone ordering it. The bodies were dragged outside, the blood scrubbed up, and the food served. Injured kids were placed on cots near the door to be grabbed quickly if they needed to run, and all the while, Alexa spent time with them.
Not normal time of comfort and encouragement, it was more like a line of subjects waiting to see the King. They sat in a small circle around her, and she answered each one of their requests in a tone that held Edward mesmerized. She had no intentions of staying to care for them or even getting them settled somewhere, and yet these kids acted like she was their savior. What was he missing?
“She’s an Alpha.”
It came from the twins and was spoken in an arrogant tone that said he knew nothing about the quest he’d joined.
Edward gave a soft snort. “Clearly. Is it okay to ask?”
The twins turned eyes to Alexa, who looked up, and then nodded. She went back to the current child’s request to learn fire-making, and the twins gestured toward a quieter area in the corner. Edward followed slowly.
“An Alpha is a direct descendant of Christ.”
Edward blinked at the name… and then frowned. “Some joke.”
The Twins were clearly used to that response. “The War came because someone found out the governments always knew. It had to be covered up.”
Edward was shaking his head. “The War of 2012 was a terrorist…”
“No!”
The silent double shout shut his mouth and opened his ears. The pain that their anger caused was like the nauseating jab of a headache, and he vowed not to experience it again.
“Descendants of the Master have been hunted throughout history. They’ve given birth to Oil Barons, Presidents, and death with a human face. To keep control and achieve their own ends, they destroyed the world.”
Edward felt the truth behind it (how could he not with those blazing voices in his head?), but his heart still protested such complete betrayal. “That can’t be.”
Other kids had come to their table, listening to both the spoken and mental words, and the Twins looked around. Edward got the sense it was as painful for them to say as it was for him to hear.
“They could have stopped the fighting and death at any time. All they had to do was bring us together with an Alpha.”
Forgetting his protest in eagerness to know more about Alexa, he leaned forward. ”Like what you did today with her?”
“That was a very small show of what we can do together. It’s why they don’t usually keep us in the same place.”
“Usually?”
“Sometimes they have one in the room with us… when we’re doing things.”
“So it’s stronger?” he asked, drawn into the mystery of it.
The Twins scowled, causing him to lean quickly back.
“So the Alphas don’t kill them all like we’ve done here today. They remind us constantly that they hold others like us across the world and a rebellion would cause their deaths.”
“As it may now that we’ve risen up.”
It was a low mutter from one of the other kids at their table, and the twins turned furious eyes toward the older boy. “The Alpha ordered it. You will not question!”
The taller teenager bowed his head immediately at the reprimand, “My sorry!”
Edward was in shock, but not so much that his brain had ceased to make connections. “You two are Alphas.”
The twins didn’t sound as young anymore as they looked back at him with their fiery eyes. “We are Betas. We serve the Alpha when we come of age. Usually mental gifts like ours only come then, but She chose to give them to us early for our wisdom.”
And your help, Edward thought, forgetting.
Both twins gave a scornful grunt. “She did not need the help of untrained children. She chose to give us justice.” They turned toward Alexa simultaneously. “And we are honored.”
Edward sat back, trying to soak it all in. After what he’d seen today, it was hard to deny. His mind wanted to insist, but that wasn’t the way things were in this new world. These sudden, brutal changes had come to this land so fast, it was hard to adjust… but he’d be with Alexa. He stiffened. Alexa was an Alpha. Could she read his mind, too?
As soon as he had the thought, she looked over at him and raised a brow. Will that be a problem?
He flushed, shaking is head. No. After all this, it would take more than mindreading to get rid of him.
The twins giggled at the exchange. “That’s also because she’s an Alpha.”
“Mindreading?”
They laughed again, words much too old for their small bodies. “The attraction. Alphas are meant to bring people together.”
“Like the world would need after an apocalypse…” he murmured, eyes returning to Alexa. “Is that her job?”
The Twins clearly knew, but a quick look from the warrior woman held them silent. Whatever the answer was, she didn’t want him to know. Edward switched his line of questioning.
“Will you guys be all right here? Do you have anything you need done before we go?”
“We will fend for ourselves.”
It was a curt response, and he understood that freedom meant a great deal to these abused kids. He didn’t want to believe the government had held them hostage based on their DNA, had sacrificed the world to keep control of their discovery. Why would they deny the world peace to keep the hate alive?
“Because peace comes with no tangible power. They cannot use it to line their pockets or increase their importance,” Alexa stated, moving their way. “To create a perfect weapon though, that is control in endless amounts.”
Edward nodded in acceptance. It fit together too well for it to be anything but the truth. He’d scorned the rumors before and stood in loyal defense of his country, but he’d been blind. His faith in America was unfounded.
“Not so. Your faith in its leaders was unfounded, but you haven’t had that for a while now, anyway,” Alexa informed him without mercy. “The ideal of freedom is one we support. This country was built on its blood and tears, and we shall shed both in our quest to see it survive.”


5
Morning came with sounds Edward hadn’t heard since childhood. Shouts, laughs, bangs and slams. The kids are up.
He smiled at the thought. He wasn’t fond of children, but those twins were handy. When bedtime came, all they’d done was send a calm look around, and the room had been deserted in seconds. He assumed the others didn’t mind following, but he wasn’t sure either. The Alpha bond was something he guessed you had to feel to understand. He certainly didn’t, but after witnessing what these kids could do, he had accepted they were dangerous.
The government had known it, taking them one by one with heavy force, or breeding them in the labs so that some of these bright-eyed youngsters had never once seen the outside world. Even during the move to the new complex, they’d been knocked out to keep them from making any mental calls for help. Edward assumed the bunkers were lined with something that kept their calls in, but hadn’t thought to ask last night.
Being here, in a government complex again, should have been a nightmare for him. Instead, it had been enlightening and powerful. When they left, it would be hard to walk away. How had Alexa been able to do it?
He thought about the Twins saying she hadn’t really needed their help; she’d been giving them justice. If that were true, then she hadn’t needed his help either. Why hadn’t she set them free before? And why had she come for him first if she didn’t need the help?
Those were the questions he asked as soon as he slid onto the bench across from her. He waited while a quick look from her cleared the table.
Alexa’s tone was even. “Only once more.”
He nodded, understanding his own training was about to really begin. There would be no open questioning after this.
“When they keep us drugged, we get very weak. Calls have no strength to penetrate walls, fire only flickers. On medication, they can control our gifts in mild doses. Between experiments, we are put back to sleep. When I escaped, my condition was the worst it’s ever been. I needed time to regain my mental clarity… and energy from a willing source.”
His eyes went to hers, and his mind replayed their meeting, that vivid bolt of blue light. She’d… recharged from him. Understanding fell into place. These were carriers of the light. They couldn’t feed from an unclean source like those holding them captive, and it kept them weak, under control. Now, these kids would be able to seek out new energy sources and regain their own health.
Alexa smiled patiently. “We are His descendants, and He needed his people… as we do. Without others to love us, to follow us, we are desolate. With those things, we have enough hope to save the world.”
His eyes met hers. “That’s the true quest.”
Alexa’s face became a determined wall he didn’t doubt. “We were born to this time and place to help rebuild and fix the errors of the past. The War was our fresh start. We need only take it.”
“And Safe Haven?”
He eyes darkened with a powerful longing. “Holds the key to it all.”
“Adrian. Adrian. Adrian.”
The younger kids chanted it, drawing Alexa’s attention. She smiled generously, sending a wave of light through the room. “Yes. With Adrian, we will create a future to be lived in, not just survived. We will prosper and fill this dead world with our love.”

6
Leaving was just as hard for Edward as he’d thought it would be. His protective heart demanded he stay until each of these fragile-looking children had someone to care for their needs, and he lingered in the doorway that Alexa had already gone through. Here, he could help. Out there with her, he was only a food-source. Finally understanding it came with a sickening feeling of being raised for the slaughter.
The children looked back without expressions, letting him make his own choice. If he wanted to stay, he was welcome. He had come with Alexa, and that gave him the right, but…
“Would you stay, Horseman, or go with me? Make your choice now.”
Her tone wasn’t unkind, and he looked over the kids again, searching harder. Did they want him to stay?
“No… and yes.” Alexa began moving away from him. “You are a connection to me, but you are also a killer, and they fear that rubbing off. You have little use to them except as someone to train or entertain.”
Flushing, Edward spun on her. “And what am I to you beyond an energy source and servant?”
The warrior woman stopped, slowly turned to look at him with glowing blue eyes that promised he already held value to her. “A dangerous tool to be wielded against the darkness.”
Alexa didn’t use her gift, waiting, letting him make his own choices. To sacrifice his life for these children’s safety was not unworthy at all, and that he felt the same need, won more of her respect.
Edward glanced back to find the crowded room behind him now empty. He hadn’t heard them leave, and it made his choice. Clearly, they were stronger than he was giving them credit for. They would be a fascination to be delighted in for sure, but would he look at the night sky and still long to be at Alexa’s side?
Yes. They’d only been together for days, and he already knew more about the world than he had before. Life with her would always be hard, thrilling, exhilarating… real.
The fighter pulled up his hood and stepped out of the bunker door with grim excitement filling his stomach. He’d just chosen to leave these children to follow Alexa to his death. The first heavy guilt-cord settled onto his shoulders, and he held his head up in response. Her goals were worthy. She wasn’t settling for helping one group of kids – she wanted to save them all, and that could only happen when they found Safe Haven.
Edward caught up quickly, falling into the place she’d put him for the trip here. She didn’t wave or even look at the kids as they stared from the upper windows and neither did he. The quest had truly begun now. There was no turning back.

7

“Attention!”
The static-filled radio blared through the truck of soldiers scouting the edges of the mountain for signs of Alexa.
“There has been a level 5 breach of compound K! All troops are required to report to the nearest base immediately!”
Corbin froze. K was their compound, the one he’d denied Rab the safety of.
Level 5. No survivors.
The radio crunched again. “Report all sightings of captives directly to base!”
Corbin’s hand wasn’t quite steady as he turned the radio off. All the work he’d done there! All his potions!
Driving, Shane opened his mouth to question.
Protecting his new friend from Corbin’s wild rage, Rab shook his head. It was a result of the experiments to a degree, but mostly, the Commander was ill. He had been all along. How else could he be such a monster to children?
Struggling to accept it, Corbin already had no intentions of going back to the nearest base. Alexa wouldn’t stay with the kids. She’d done it to send him a message, to tell him that he wouldn’t stand in the way of the quest… but she’d also made a mistake, hadn’t she? All those kids would be easy to find, and they would have new information, wouldn’t they?
Corbin’s sudden, harsh laughter spilled out, surprising the listening men. When Corbin laughed, it meant death was coming. They instinctively began to prepare for it - checking weapons and gear.
“Take me to compound K, but don’t use main roads. We’ll see how many of her children we can round up.”

Four

May, 2016
1
Before the War, he had been afraid… of roller coasters.
Daniel realized it with a start, allowing the quiet dirt bike to come to a slow stop on the twisting incline. Scarred and gouged from his reckless lifestyle, his sweaty legs braced the bike easily despite the angle. Set into the side of a mountain, Suicide Cliff was no easy ride, and there was really only one way down, from this far up.
“I hated amusement parks!”
It was a minor revelation compared to the others he’d made since the war, to what he was about to do, but for a California boy whose family had run a carnival, it was a door to understanding the past that brought him to this point of no return. He didn’t care about the result, only wanted to understand why he was doing it, before it was done.
Daniel and his family, all nine of them, owned the Ocean Walk Carnival. It had been great most of the time. He’d learned to do the performances his parents and older siblings wanted him to, and eventually developed his own skill to contribute to the family legacy - stunts.
There wasn’t a bike on the planet that Daniel couldn’t ride. He’d been on them all during his years in the public view… and grown reckless as the thrill faded. He’d been hurt more times than he could remember, but it had never stopped him. There was little in life that Daniel had feared before the War. From flaming hoops to long gaps over cars, he’d jumped anything they put in his path… but he had been terrified of roller coasters.
“Why?” he asked crankily of the complete darkness among the scraggily trees and sharp boulders. “It wasn’t the height…”
Daniel got the dirt bike rolling again, not being particularly careful on the two foot trial that was blazed in the stone. Where he was headed, careful didn’t matter.
“Was it being out of my comfort zone?” he wondered suddenly, aware of a tiny humming sound coming from the west, but not looking that way. The Wastelands made odd noises, often. It wasn’t a reason for concern on a good day. On this night, it mattered even less. If the final gates had fallen, his end would come quicker, that’s all.
Unfazed by the thought, Daniel sped up again, and went back to his mental dissection. Why had he hated roller coasters? His brothers and sisters had spent their work breaks in line for the biggest one that they maintained - always filling the dinner table with tales of how they’d rode the front car of the Python with their arms held high…
Daniel had never done that. Every time he got in that front seat, (or any of those behind it) his stomach knotted up and he worried over being sick before the short ride could end. His armpits dripped sweat, and the nervous gas had the other kids laughing, teasing. When the car chugged up the hill, finally reaching the summit, the best he could manage was a weak yell with his eyes closed and his hands clenched tightly around the lap-rail. It had been a large source of embarrassment during his childhood… then humiliation, as he grew older.
“The Dare-devil’s afraid of a little thing like riding a roller coaster! Ha-ha!”
Daniel pushed the bike faster around the last hairpin turn, letting gravity carry him through it. Gravity was something he could count on to always be there, something he would experience in a just a minute more.
“It wasn’t the idea of falling, or the death waiting if the coaster flew off the rails...”
Daniel found the answer as he neared the summit, the small, clear area where he planned to end his life.
“It was control!”
If he had been driving the coaster, it wouldn’t have haunted him, but because he could only raise his arms to whatever the Python wanted to dish out, he was captive, unable to even do that. He hadn’t been able to surrender control.
Daniel slowed the bike as he reached the almost level ground at the top of the cliff. He didn’t see the mysterious beauty of the glowing apocalypse sky, nor the shadowy forms of two people walking steadily toward him from the west. All the biker saw was freedom from his torment.
“One last ride…”
“The Daredevil’s afraid of a little thing like riding a roller coaster! Ha-ha!”
His rage flared to life, brighter than any of the explosions that had destroyed the world.
“Not anymore. That world, that Daniel, is dead.” The War had seen to it with a few seconds, and a single stray bullet during the chaos.
Pain rushed him in waves, and Daniel hit the handle, sending fuel rushing into the bike. It jumped forward eagerly in response.
As the bike neared the edge, Daniel’s hands slowly crept into the air, surrendering control for the first time in his life. He managed to keep them there as the bike went over the cliff, but his eyes didn’t open.
Feeling it would be enough. He didn’t want to see it, too.
2
Alexa darted toward the man’s broken body, and Edward kept pace, eyes watching the barren landscape that surrounded them. Why they were wasting their time, he had no idea. Anyone who fell from that high up wasn’t getting back up.
Alexa increased her speed, and Edward was unable to stay at her side. She streaked across the parched desert floor, leaving him behind.
Edward hurried to catch up. As he went, he suddenly thought maybe he understood her hurry. She was hungry…
Alexa was kneeling near the body before he got there, and Edward turned his back to her, watching their discouraging surroundings. They were in plain view, backs against the wall of the mountain. Edward pushed the worry aside. If they were attacked, Alexa would handle things like she had the other times they’d faced danger since leaving Lexington.
They had been together for a month, and the trip had been smooth. Not quiet, though. Twice, they’d been spotted by soldiers, and been in gunfights to get away. There had also been a rough hour of crossing a river in a small skiff, using oars to push away the awful debris. Black, anxious snakes had paced them the entire time, not hissing, but gliding along the water next to the skiff with a watchful menace.
Edward looked back to see Alexa’s head lowering, and found himself turning away without much concern. She needed energy, and if the man was dying anyway…
Alexa concentrated, drawing her strength. “Your name!”
Daniel opened his eyes, unable to do much more. He didn’t feel pain exactly, but that sense of fading was clear enough. He’d had his one last ride.
“I offer a second chance...”
“Let me die.”
Stung by his desolation, Alexa shoved herself into his thoughts. “I seek Safe Haven.”
Daniel’s eyes widened… slowly began to fill with red tears. Even the angels wanted to be there.
Daniel understood that he was in the process of dying, and was grateful to see a woman’s hard countenance rather than his childhood demons. He only hoped the pain didn’t start before it was over. Being numb was preferable to reality. Isn’t that why he’d done this in the first place?
Alexa leaned closer, deep in his mind, seeing what had caused him to do this to himself. “I need your strength for the Quest, Daniel. You did not outlive your child to die in vain!”
Her tone brooked no argument.
Drawn back against his will, Daniel blinked, trying to really see her. Safe Haven… a quest. Adrian!
His body arched suddenly, eyes foggy, pupils starting to dilate…
“I will have an answer!”
Alexa’s roar in his mind brought the world back into focus, and Daniel gave the only response he could through broken, bloody lips. “Master.”
Alexa slanted her mouth over his, the blood ignored. Instead of the inhale Edward was expecting, she blew into the man’s lungs - returning life instead.
Edward tried to stay focused on the watch, but the screams of the biker were terrible to hear. Every breath she blew into him seemed to scrape away another layer of his paralysis, his injuries. It was slow work.
He’d thought she was ending the man’s pain, but instead…
“Aaahhhhhhh….”
The horseman grunted, moving a few feet away. It would be a rough night for all of them, and there was no telling what the noise would bring. “I’ll be up high.”
Alexa didn’t respond, and Edward’s jealous heart was appeased a bit. She trusted him to stand the watch properly. It would be a while before the new man was allowed that honor.
3
“His name is Daniel.”
Edward looked at the pale man sitting against the cliff that had nearly taken his life. He was grateful the screaming had stopped, but in no hurry to welcome the handsome biker. He had enjoyed his time alone with Alexa.
“As did I, but now, the quest grows more dangerous, and we have to, as well,” Alexa stated firmly. “Alone, we will not reach Safe Haven.”
Edward hung his head. Despite it being a month, he still wasn’t guarding his thoughts from her. “Whatever you need.”
Alexa’s response was quick. “He needs to be trained, as I have you thus far.”
Edward’s head snapped up. “Me?”
Alexa met his surprised look with a raised brow. “Would you lead, while I teach him?”
Edward flushed, hating it that he spent so much time in the wrong, but loving it that she always called him on it. A leader didn’t explain, they taught, and he had already been learning. “When shall I start?”
There was silence for an answer, and the horseman obediently rose to his feet.
Alexa watched him move towards Daniel with pleased, tired eyes. She was near to being drained again, shriveled hands deep inside her cloak to be out view. In a day or so, when Daniel was able to defend himself for a few minutes at a time, she would reward Edward for his obedience and enjoy a much needed meal. Until then…
Alexa took up the watch, eyes scanning the apocalyptic mountains around them. Right after the War, the destruction zone had encompassed the three farthest western states. Then the gates had opened and begun spreading the Wastelands.  Now, it was 300 miles beyond that, and steadily creeping east. Mother Nature wanted all of her land back. If the Descendants didn’t do something soon, she would succeed.
“How long have you been with her?”
Daniel was extremely curious as to what the quest had been like so far. Almost succeeding in taking his own life had given him a new outlook, a new courage he hadn’t known he possessed until he was over the edge of that cliff.
Edward was already feeling the need to jealously guard those memories, especially the one after he’d proven his loyalty by following Alexa from the bunker. She’d made him hers that night - in more way than one.
“Since Lexington,” Edward finally answered, watching the man’s scarred fingers twitch like his body was being denied something it craved. Edward noticed that the biker didn’t react to the healing twitches, even though the pain had to still be bad. Parts of bones and veins were prominent under his skin - clearly not where they should be. Except for his face, Daniel was covered in scars and ugly mementoes that said his life even before the War had been troubled.
“But, that’s almost the heart of the Wastelands!” Daniel exclaimed, admiring the man’s courage. Of Alexa, he was in awe.
“Yes.”
Edward didn’t want to accept the new man, but he did want to please Alexa. He held out a leather kit. “You’re never to be without this, even when there is nothing in it.”
He waited for Daniel to take empty carry-bag, and then continued. “Until she says otherwise, you’ll do what I do - down to where and how I step. Copy me at all…”
Ggrrrr…
The loud rumble from the west had Edward on his feet. The rats were back. “Shit!”
He spun toward Alexa’s post, but turned back just as quickly. He leaned down into Daniel’s confused face, delivering his first real order of the quest. “You will get into the nearest tree, and still be alive when she comes for you!”
Daniel gave a quick nod, and watched Edward take off running. Trouble was coming and he would be no help. Gritting his teeth, the battered biker slowly began dragging himself toward the closest moldy trunk. Life mattered again, and Daniel was grateful.
Grimacing at the feel of dragging his broken legs across the rough ground, the man was determined to do his share as soon as he could. When his injuries had finished mending, he would make sure they both saw how useful he could be.
4
Alexa motioned Edward under cover, and waited tensely to see how many dogs had been put on their trail this time. The last two attempts had been small teams, but this sounded like a convoy of government trucks.
Not asking if Daniel was hidden, Alexa drew her gun, and was glad when Edward followed her lead. She was low on energy to be facing so many. His help was definitely needed.
Edward watched the trucks crest the rise, the dirt clouds trailing behind them for as far as he could see. Five team trucks… No, nine - roughly thirty-five men. The trucks spread out as they neared the base of the cliff, like they were herding prey, and Edward looked to Alexa in concern.
Alexa’s mind was racing. The soldiers would know their quarry was close. There wouldn’t be any running, maybe not even hiding. Alone, she and Edward would win every time, but neither of them could stay ahead of the trucks while carrying Daniel… They would fight.
Alexa looked to her First of Six with blue chips of icy steel. Once the soldiers were out of their vehicles, no mercy would be allowed.
Edward gave her a short nod that said he would be at her side for the fight, and beyond.
Satisfied, Alexa took aim.
5
“I feel her.”
Rab’s words caused a round of cheers from the half a dozen soldiers in the hardback with them.
A harsh glare from Corbin silenced the men.
“Where is she?” he demanded, looking through the binoculars again. The arid mountain terrain was all the Commander could see with only one good eye.
Rab struggled to get a clear read on the woman. Her energy wasn’t as vibrant as he was used to. She’s tired, the scientist thought sadly. We’ve hunted her so much that she hasn’t had time to recharge.
Aware of Corbin waiting for an answer, Rab grunted, “Keep going. It’s getting stronger.”
They’d spent the last weeks chasing her, rounding up those she’d freed, and listening to the tales of their travels from other survivors. Tracking them hadn’t been hard, only tiresome due to her preference for unforgiving terrain.
“Load your darts nice and tight.” Corbin instructed. The big bunker still wanted her dead or recaptured, but Corbin had set this in motion and had no intentions of backing down now. He would get a tracker into her or her fighter and it would be enough to buy a few more weeks to find something he could use to negotiate with the big bunker.
The cliff neared, showing them a small, neatly made camp with three bedrolls.
“There’s her site!”
Of Alexa, there was no sign, but if she’d left everything behind, then they’d surprised her again. It was the second time it had turned out this way, and Rab was sure her luck was used up. They would have her now, and the hope of a Safe Haven would finally vanish entirely - just the way those in charge wanted it. Rab was suddenly glad that Shane hadn’t made it back from base yet. The air here tasted like death.
Corbin studied the area, the cliff. There were no tunnels, no crags to escape inside. She hadn’t gone up. He looked toward the trees that lined the cliff, to the thicket of dead branches that would make a perfect cover…
“There she is!”
Crack!
The windshield shattered into a series of spiral fractures, surprising everyone inside into a harsh flinch. The thick glass was supposed to be able to stop a slug, but thanks to years of chemical rain, everything now had a weakness.
Crack!
The window next to Corbin’s head imploded, glass flying through the truck.
The driver swerved, automatically turning south to keep from being trapped by the cliff wall, and a barrage of gunfire rained on the truck as it turned.
Corbin was very aware of her target as he tied a bandage from his kit around the stinging arm wound she’d just delivered. Blood dripped in thin sheets. She would pay for that!
Alexa fired again, strategically hitting lead vehicles that were sent careening into different directions. The weakened glass had the soldiers looking for a place to use as cover, and the opposite cliff wall was the only other spot for that purpose. It sent the trucks right by her and Edward’s bullets.
She’s herding them now, Edward thought, firing. His shot took out the rest of the windshield on that lead truck, and he grinned. This real life was perfect most days.
Alexa watched the remaining vehicles turn to follow their leader, and saved the rest of the bullets she had in her gun. Waste in any form was destructive to her goals.
Edward’s smile faded as the soldiers pulled behind the huge boulders that lined the opposite cliff. Men began pouring from the trucks like water. So many…
He watched Alexa drop from the tree like it was a single step, and tensed to follow her flight…
Crash!
Alexa had no intentions of running now that the soldiers were out of the protection of their vehicles. Gunfire filled the canyon, echoing off the cliff faces and out into the barren wilderness.


6
“Get down, you idiot!”
Corbin snatched Rab back by his head, and shoved the gifted man behind a boulder.
“We’re no match for her guns!”
“But there are more of us…”
“She’s an Alpha!” Corbin snapped, watching his men get slaughtered. His three Lieutenants were trying to call them back, but these lower-level men had no discipline.
Crack!
Corbin’s eyes narrowed in on the shooters, using a clever mirror to keep from poking his head out for her to aim at. Only Alexa and one man, but there had been three bedrolls. Where was her newest man?
His sharp eye went over their camp again - a fire pit with a small pot simmering over it… wood with gouges, bloody rags. Someone was hurt. And what did you do with an injured party during a fight? You stashed them.
Corbin scanned the area, landed on the deadened branches beside the neat camp… and found a shadow among the dense limbs. The big bunker wanted her recaptured or hit with tracker juice, but one of her crew would be just as good…
“Stay here!”
Rab watched Corbin dart toward the vehicles with concern that had grown into alarm by the time the Commander had slipped around them and out of view. Was he being left?


7
Shielded by the trunk, Alexa fired again, taking down one of the closest soldiers. She and Edward were running through Corbin’s men, but where was their leader?
Edward slapped the clip in place in time to shoot the last two men within an instant of each other. The chaos was complete. Bodies were spread all over the parched floor of the canyon.
Alexa waved a hand. “Make sure they’re all dead, gather supplies.”
Edward nodded. He took a step…
Crack! Crack!
“AAAhhhh!”
Daniel.
They’d heard that noise too much to ever mistake it. They both turned toward camp.
Alexa made a fast gesture. “Do as you’ve been told!”
Edward hated the idea of leaving her alone to rescue the biker, but he wouldn’t disobey. He moved toward the bodies with fast steps, hoping to be done and at her side before it was over.
Alexa rounded the edge of the cliff and slowed to a steady pace. Her eyes saw Daniel in Corbin’s tight grip, and then the biker’s newest wounds. Without hands, Daniel couldn’t fight back. Both of his palms were dripping blood.
“I’ll put the next one through his head!” Corbin shouted, dragging the dazed man back further into the shadowy cover of the cliff face and its boulders. “Get out here - where I can see you!”
Alexa stepped into view, Colts in hand.
Corbin’s harsh grin was full of triumph. “Toss them away!”
Alexa did as he instructed, keeping her eyes on Daniel’s. In the biker’s blue gaze, she saw determination to survive, and the belief that if he did get mortally wounded, she would be able to save him again. Good. This way, he would be willing to take risks. He wouldn’t ever be told that there was a limit to what she could do, or that it was forbidden. She would eventfully have to pay for playing the role of God.
“Closer!” Corbin was trying to be meticulous, but being so close to her without the drugs was distracting, worrisome. She radiated a strength that had him tightening his grip on the mostly helpless biker. He’d found the wreckage. From there, it hadn’t been hard to figure out that she’d saved this man. That made him a valuable property.
Corbin waved at his remaining two Lieutenants. “Cuff her, and put her in my truck.”
“Now, Daniel!”
Daniel shoved against his captor, ducking as Alexa did the same.
Her Colts fired and bodies hit the ground.
Corbin, now alone, struggled to keep Daniel in front of as much of his body as he could. He needed her alive. “Get in the truck or I’ll kill him.”
Alexa’s laugh was cold. “And give up your shield? I think not.”
Realizing his bluff was called, the danger he was now facing, Corbin began dragging the man toward the nearest truck. “I’ll take him with me, then.”
“No, you won’t.”
Alexa started to raise her gun, and Corbin’s arm tightened on Daniel’s throat, cutting off air. “If I die, so does he!”
Alexa’s voice as like the dead, it was so cold. “He has no value without hands. Keep him.”
There was a shocked silence.
Corbin stared, not sure if she was now the one bluffing. Would she really leave a man behind?
Alexa grinned. “How about a deal?”
Not expecting it, the Commander sneered, “Deals are for the dead!”
Alexa nodded. “So they are. Would you make one to save your life this day? I will come for it in my own time.”
Corbin slowly nodded. “Perhaps if I knew the terms…”
Alexa didn’t hesitate to bargain with the devil. It was something she expected to do many times before this quest was over. “I will back up, you will do the same. Let him go at the bumper.”
Corbin caught sight of her other fighter stalking steadily toward them from the battlefield…
Corbin let out a defeated sounding grunt. It was working out perfectly. “Fine! Start backing up.”
Alexa immediately began moving away, face warning Daniel not to disrupt the plans she had just put into motion.
Corbin loathed her arrogance as she stared at him with icy blue eyes. That would change after she led him to Safe Haven.When Adrian was wiped from the face of the planet, Commander Corbin and Alexa might just disappear - along with a lot of drugs to keep her under control. He wanted Adrian dead, needed him so, but the man’s daughter would suffer for years before he finally took her life. The Mitchel family may have forgotten their insult, but Corbin hadn’t.
Alexa knew something wasn’t right, but with Daniel pouring blood, starting to sag in Corbin’s grip, there was little choice but to get him away as quickly as she could. She watched Corbin drag him around the side of the boulders, tripping in his haste.
Both men went down, and Alexa shook her head at Edward. He wanted to rush in and take Corbin out, but that would sign Daniel’s second death warrant and she had no energy left to save him with.
Edward guessed her reason by the restless tap of her fingers on her butt. Those fingers were shriveled, ugly to look at. She was too weak for another confrontation that might end in Daniel being wounded further. Right now, his injuries wouldn’t take his life. If the one-eyed man was pushed, the biker might be lost.
Despite not wanting a new man on the crew, Edward felt better knowing that Alexa cared for her fighter’s enough to delay Corbin’s death. It didn’t occur to him until later that she might have had different motives.
As they fell, Corbin slammed the needle into the biker’s neck and shoved the plunger home. The struggling man dropped like a stone as the medication hit, and Corbin slid the man’s pant leg up. A few seconds saw a new scrape-like wound on his thigh.
Corbin yanked the pants down and shoved the biker’s heavy weight off of him. He moved quickly for the truck, not caring that he was the only survivor.
Corbin yanked the door open to find Rab in the passenger seat.
“I saw what you did.”
Corbin pulled himself up behind the wheel, face a mask of hatred.”Don’t cross me, Rabbit, or we’ll have a fox hunt.”
Rab snapped his mouth shut - already sure the paperwork would state that Alexa was the one he’d implanted. Corbin’s reports to his superiors, and the truth, were never close. The Commander had his own agenda concerning the Descendants.


8
“Why didn’t you kill him?” Edward had seen her shoot. He knew she could have put a bullet in his forehead.
Alexa didn’t answer, instead going to Daniel’s still form.
Edward didn’t repeat the question. He hadn’t been with her long enough to be totally confident, but he had been around her enough to know she hadn’t done it out of kindness or mercy. Those weren’t the reason’s she’d saved Daniel, either. Edward doubted she had much of either emotion. The things that Alexa did, good or harsh, were all for the quest. In some strange way, it must benefit her to leave the one-eyed man alive.
Edward helped her drag Daniel’s unconscious form back toward the bedroll, hoping she would tell him to papoose the biker so they could get on the road. It wasn’t safe to stay here any longer.
Alexa helped lift the biker, hanging him over Edward’s strong shoulder.
“Papoose him. We need to get underground until his tracker wears off.” She hadn’t seen Corbin do it, but she’d be a fool not to expect it.
Satisfied, the horseman moved off to do as he was told. It was a hard new life, but one he already wouldn’t trade for anything.
Alexa looked over the battle scene, calculating how long it would be before the rats would be back. Even considering Corbin’s previous pattern of behavior, it was still hard to guess. The Commander wasn’t as lethal as her, but he was clever, and it was those people who often managed to come out on top in the end.
“I won’t let that happen.” Alexa’s voice was like a wave of fire cutting through ice. “My father and I know what to do with the likes of you!”
Alexa reholstered her Colts, and went to help Edward prep their new man for his first day of travel. They had a long road ahead.

Five

August, 2016

1
When they reached the bend of the Little River, the sight of the small outpost gave no comfort that what Alexa had come for was here.
River City hadn't existed before the War. Set near the back hatch of NORAD, the town had begun as a refugee camp that was wiped out by foreign invaders and then rebuilt. A few months later, it was destroyed again by the emerging government, who'd also come searching for what was left. River City had been rebuilt a second time, after the volcanic eruption of 2013 that had coated everything with ash, trapping refugees inside for weeks at a time. The population had taken another large hit, but the town had remained.
It now boasted seven businesses inside real wooden frames and nearly twice as many slanted, prone-to-collapse homes made from scavenged debris. The people had adjusted, but it was not a place of prosperity. Few groups of people remained this far west.
The thought of finding what she needed was distant in her mind as Alexa and her small army moved toward the dusty town that had no chemical barrier. There was no pull this time, no sense of being drawn, but with the one she’d come for, there wouldn’t be. Calculated guessing was all that had brought her to River City.
The fighters been on the road together for countless adventures already and their movements were smooth, matched. The four men paced her long stride exactly, and Alexa was proud of the small herd she'd gathered. Today, if she were lucky, there would be a fifth fighter - the Magician. The rats that stayed on their trail had planted a number of trackers with well-aimed darts, but Alexa already sensed that, too, was on purpose. Corbin didn’t want her recaptured, only traceable all the way to Safe Haven. They needed another inside man so she would be free to kill the one-eyed Commander.
A small movement in the distance caught the attention of Edward, the one who had been with her the longest. He wore his rugged good looks proudly now, unlike when they’d first met. His full lips and hard jawline no longer hinted at how unstable he’d been before joining her quest.
"Dust whirls. Too low for a storm."
Her voice was tightly laced with approval, "How many riders?"
Edward studied, "At least five, maybe with spare mounts."
"Coming to River City?" Billy asked softly.
He had massive hands and thick forearms that had killed upon her orders and were ready to do so again. Each of her fighters had been gathered in the same fashion. Only the settings, the reasons for their despair, were different.
"Aye. Mind your six, my pets. And remember your lessons."
Alexa increased her pace, wanting a safe cushion of time in town before the riders came. She wasn't sure why, but there had been too many battles won on instinct alone to ever ignore it. "Watch form."
The males moved into a rotating pattern around her billowing cloak as she scented the air. The town looked abandoned, and Alexa used her senses to evaluate, relentlessly searching for danger. Her first crew might survive, if she were careful enough…
The air was thick with watery rot - no smoke, no sweat - just decay. It tasted no better, harsh with the chemicals still lingering even now.
At that thought, she drew up enough saliva to spit. The dust had settled, thanks to the late night rain, and the hardpan under their feet was parched. They could also hear the angry roar of the river, one of the few normal sounds in Afterworld, but it was no more upset than usual. For such as this world got, things were calm.
If not for that slightly closer dust whirl in the distance, she might have suspected there was no threat here at all.
The road into River City began to slope downward, and the thick, sickly trees thinned into no cover at all by the time they hit the bottom. Half a mile or so away now, they were clearly visible.
Nearby, Ft. Collins still stood as a reminder of the horrible struggle for survival that had started it all. The town that had protected NORAD had fallen with it. They couldn’t see its charred frames or tattered skeletons, but they’d passed them on their way and stepped lightly until it was out of view. Ghosts lurked in such places. That was common knowledge.
"Cover switch."
It was impressive to see five fighters in long cloaks remove and replace their hats with slightly larger versions at the same time - without losing pace or form. Each one was done with a simplicity that wasted no energy, but allowed an artistic flair that made the woman leading them tighten her lips against the pride.
So they could switch to bulletproof hats in one neat, eye-catching move. Could they walk for a week straight? Shoot the leaves off of trees? Fight to the death?
This time, she allowed the tiny grin to liven her usually expressionless face. Yes. Her men could do all of that… and more.
"The church has people inside. A dozen?" Mark, her newest man, announced.
Alexa didn't respond. The green letters tattooed across his ten knuckles said more about him than anything else - I WILL… KILL U. It was a warning and description in one.
Mark had been in an underground slam with the other killers, but that hadn't stood in her way. When she’d left the Boulder complex, he'd been at her side, and willing. His wardens had wisely negotiated his release, letting her avoid bloodshed for a change. The sight of Edward and Daniel behind her with dead pigs had helped with that. Swine Flu fears were as endless as the pigs were.
Finding Mark once they snuck inside hadn’t been hard. His level of pain had drawn her harder than any of the others. Mark hadn’t been sorry for his crimes, only that he felt no remorse for the serial killings. He also had stamina. Of all her men, he was the most fit, the most physically imposing.
The landscape hardened around their boots, becoming more jagged. The group picked out signs of the world that had once been with angry hearts. It still hurt to see the smaller skeletons; still felt wrong to hear them crunch under their boots.
"There's a bunker hole," Daniel pointed this out quietly; reminding her he had a good eye for details. The biker was lanky and limber, the smallest of their group. He was the one sent into places that the rest of them couldn’t fit, and his tone said he wanted to use that skill on this old-world relic.
"Yes, maybe we'll do some digging before we go - if there's still an interest after our work here is done."
That pleased them. Uncovering the secrets of the past was fodder for their adventurous souls.
Alexa signaled a formation change as she swung into full alert. The town was at their feet now, and she let the Fire Demon inside take control as they crossed from the Colorado borderlands into Wyoming.


2
The blonde and her four fighters moved through the one-street town with slow, sure steps, their eyes shifting constantly between doorways and shadowy alleys. With the wind whipping black cloaks as they circled, the men appeared as royal servants bent on being useful to their queen.
Those watching muttered quietly with impressed disapproval and fear.
Alexa's hands stayed on her guns, cloak pushed back to allow her access to the deadly Colts.
There was little doubt she could use them. The surprise of seeing a woman in command was the most obvious reaction from the few dozen men and women peering out of dusty windows, but there was also a hint of curiosity and a streak of anxious fear. River City wasn't famous for gunfighters or even for guns. Its glory came from still being a water town, even four years after the War of 2012. Many things could be had here, good and bad, but of strong fighters, there were few.
Doonngg!
The church bell echoed loudly for a long minute, but the fighters didn't slow. Their leader had intentionally come while the religious refugees would be holding services and out of the way. Believing this new world to be the punishment of God, the converts were often the hardest to deal with.
Alexa moved toward the only open pub, and the men flanking her sent hard glares that warned the townspeople to take care.
At this time on Sunday, those not attending church were either doing chores or hanging around in the bar. Not that there was real whiskey anymore, but even alcohol would produce intoxication and dim this ugly world for a while. With enough of the homemade brew, the eyes might dim forever, blindness a common result of thievery and ignorance.
Alexa paused with a hand on the swinging door, head turning to look at the small, neat blacksmith’s shed next to the pub. She gave the man standing there a nod of recognition. His sense of strength was clear.
Pleasing her, he returned the gesture with a half bow and a smile of welcome, flirting.
Alexa stared a moment longer, making sure her fighters understood that the blacksmith was now under consideration.
All four men took his measure with hard stares of their own, as they took their places for this situation.
Two of the fighters would stay on Alexa’s flank, and the other two would guard the door. It had been harder to do, much more worrisome, when there had only been two fighters to watch her six.
The door creaked as Alexa swung it open, her sharp blue eyes picking out a dozen drinkers that were hard to distinguish from the decaying furnishings. Both wore the same colorlessness of neglect and danger…
Alexa’s lips thinned into a hard line. "I'm a man down."
Her fire-roughened voice cut through the stillness, where many of the haggard patrons opened their mouths… only to snap them shut. It was easy to guess how she'd lost a man. The Colts on her lean hips were the shiniest things in the room.
A shuffling noise from the far, dark corner swung Alexa's eyes to the three men playing Hob-jong with fragile, ancient cards.
Two of them went on with the game, but the third man, lean and unkempt, turned vivid green eyes on her. "How much?"
His gruff voice told her he was a killer, but not the kind she needed.
"The success of the quest."
The card player grunted, dropping his eyes back to the rickety deck. The years since the War had been ugly for Rick. He’d once been the wolf in sheep’s clothing, and after that, the pied piper, leading men to violent deaths. Now, he was a scavenger, one of the best, but his mind was always in the past.
"What is it that you seek?"
There was dead silence in the smoky pub at Rick’s question. There was a sense that her answer would be better than just a rescue mission or a treasure hunt.
Her words echoed eerily, "Safe Haven..."
There was a flurry of mutters and gasps, but the hard-case only nodded like he'd known all along, "The biggest myth of all."
The steel in her gaze drew Rick in despite his attempts to remain aloof. "Unless you have proof?"
The scowl was in her frosty eyes. "I search for what I know exists."
Alexa’s voice changed, became scornful, "What I suspect you know exists, as well, but you'll not be at my side, Grifter!"
She spun toward the door, saw that the blacksmith was just outside of it, and listening intently, "Anyone else can try out."
Alexa flashed a hand over the bar as she walked by, and let a large chunk of gold clatter to the grooved wooden counter, "That belongs to the winner."
The woman stepped back out into the colder air. None of those inside would leave with her. They had no true courage, even the card player. But for the man standing nearby, this town was likely already dead and didn't know it. There had been more life here the last time she'd come.
"You might try the Preacher."
Her gaze went to the blacksmith in curiosity. High cheekbones creased with laugh lines suggested he’d lived happily before the War, but the lack of amusement in his sapphire eyes said differently. Taller than her other men, he wore the same dark coloring and intelligent face.
"Before the war, Jacob was government."
The man's tone was calm, bored even, as he ignored her protective men. Alexa felt her lips curl into a small line of interest that he responded to with his eyes. They said he'd been waiting for her.
"My thanks…” She waited, hoping he would know the code.
"My honor," David paused. "Is that right? I don't remember much of it now."
"Much of what, Iron-bender?"
He smiled at the term, showing neat, white teeth. "The old words."
Alexa moved closer, openly evaluating. "And where did you hear them at all?"
"From my mother."
His eyes darkened with that admission, tone becoming abrupt. "The Preacher's called Jacob, but you'll know him by his face."
It was a dismissal, and Alexa left him with the scowls of her fighters at his sudden rudeness.
"Set it up."
Two of her men, Billy and Mark, lined up large targets that they pulled from those impossibly small-looking carry bags. The other two men, Edward and Daniel, fell into a slowly revolving guard around the woman.
Eyes stared at them from doors and windows, and whispers floated on the dusty wind.
"Gonna try, I am."
"Got no use for gold, not in trade for my soul."
"You see her eyes? Kill ya, as soon as look at ya, that one!"
Alexa tuned them out, but kept her attention on the tall, lean man now watching her from near the pub's door as the battered townspeople began to spill out. The blacksmith would have a turn, she had little doubt.
Stooped over from constant plowing of an unforgiving earth, the people of River City were tired. It was in their arthritic hands and drooping faces. Each day’s survival was hard-won. Most wore jeans and long jackets, but a few boasted the coat of a gunfighter despite clearly not belonging to that dangerous classification of refugee. Alexa wasn’t encouraged.
She waved a hand at Edward, who moved the shooters into a clumsy line.
Very little was said, and Alexa held out one of her guns to the first of them with an expressionless face. "One shot. Do the best you can."
It was pitiful to see. None of the first half even hit close to a target, and there were only four shooters left when one of them finally clipped an edge.
Alexa watched calmly, aware that the noise had drawn the church people. The preacher stood in front of his sweetly dressed flock of five, and glared at her with dark, disapproving blue eyes framed by jagged scars that crisscrossed his cheek and forehead. The reverend hadn't always been peaceful. Narrow hips and an unruly mane of bushy black curls spun with the wind as he moved their way.
The last shooter also trimmed the target, but none of them expected to be invited along and none were. As they slowly headed back for the pub, Edward was there to press a small bit of gold dust into each of their dry palms.
"Take it down."
"Another shooter? Upon a condition."
Alexa raised an expectant brow at the lean blacksmith, "And that would be?"
A few of the barflies had stopped to listen, and Alexa's Eagles gently moved them on, giving her privacy - except for the preacher. This might be a double stop.
"I'd know the job first. A hired killer I'm not."
Alexa's mouth opened, but another voice answered for her.
"That's all she's come for - a fifth trained dog."
The blacksmith read a small amount of satisfaction in the beautiful blonde's eyes, and there was no surprise for him when she simply held out the weapon.
The preacher barked a laugh, "Well, at least she doesn't deny it." Jacob’s tone softened a bit, "Go on and have your turn, David. Perhaps you've had enough of this place."
Alexa ignored the bitter man, never looking away from the blacksmith's very alert eyes, "I search for something long gone, and nothing will stop me. Nothing."
David only considered for moment, and then reached for the gun…
The preacher snarled, "The only good man here and she'll take him away! And what is it he'll die for? Nothing!"
Alexa also ignored this outburst, as did most of her men. The one who responded had been with her the longest, had the most right.
"You'll have a turn as well, Reverend. Anyone with that much anger to spew is no religious man."
The preacher spun to argue with Edward, but the bang of the blacksmith's shot stopped him.
"Near perfect - very nice."
Alexa's praise had the same effect on David that it did the rest of her men. She moved from his line of sight before he could fall at her feet, as they still did sometimes when she caught them off guard. Her gifts, her pleasure, gave them strong bursts of devotion. It was a side effect she'd learned to use. The Fire Demon inside was very appealing to males.
"Last shooter," she called.
The religious leader might have resisted if not for the way her scent blew over him. When he shuddered, Alexa’s fighters understood. It was a smell like no other, one that called, tempted. And she knew what effect it had, standing in just the right place…
The scarred man shivered again when she smiled softly.
"It's time for you to make your choice Jacob…” Her tone became merciless. "Or I can leave you here."
She turned from him with that, and each of her men knew what his response would be.
Crack!
His shot was dead on the target, blowing out the entire center.
Alexa nodded without looking back. "Tear it down. I'll be at the church. Stay within a call."
A subtle sexuality filled the air as the minds of her men turned to the few town whores watching them hungrily. Not voicing her disapproval, the blonde moved toward the rickety church that was now empty, door standing open.
The preacher followed with a furious glare toward the blacksmith, who was disappearing into the pub to get the gold.


3
The church was spotless, clean enough to eat from the wooden floor and yet, it was unloved. The candles were lit, even the offering plate held valued items, but it had not been done with care. There was no feeling of awe, only of disappointment.
To Alexa, it was clear that the preacher didn't want to be here.
"Will you break bread with me, Jacob?"
He flinched at the name as it echoed inside the rickety shack, scarred face at a loss for words. He blew out an angry breath, "Yes."
Alexa chose the altar purposely, laying out a simple meal of smoked meat, wine, and hard bread. She moved to wash with no thought to his feelings, and there was only a low mutter when she dirtied the blessed water. Good. He would have to leave these things behind to come with her.
The preacher watched her move, her taut, healthy body twisting his mind into fiery pits and sweaty fantasies. She was beautifully made.
When she pushed back her cloak back to begin the meal, he felt his pure body harden, ache. He wanted her!
"Enough to forsake your vows - to kill on command as my sixth trained dog?"
Flushing in horror at having his words used that way, Jacob dipped his head. Forced to choose between his nature and keeping up the lie, he struggled. "I… Yes."
Alexa broke the bread. "I belong to no man."
His eyes cringed at the tone, and she responded coolly. "So it's understood. You'll… share to seal your promise?"
It wasn't a hard choice... Really, there wasn't a choice at all. "Yes."
His husky whisper caused her to smile, and this time, she let the effect land on him. "Mine?"
Jacob fell to his feet at the altar. "Yes! Thank you for wanting me!"
Satisfied, Alexa handed him half of the bread. "We are so bonded, Jacob. Nothing shall break it."


4
"I was afraid," his shame-filled whisper drew no response as they lay together. He continued with a shaking voice, "Because of my face."
Alexa's bare chest rose and fell evenly in the silence, and his tone became urgent, "I'm sorry!"
She responded instantly. "If I told you to go right now, naked, to the whores who lay with my men, and shoot them in the back?"
Her words were like steel. The preacher didn't even think about calling her bluff. "Can I use your gun?"
Alexa chuckled tiredly. It was a dangerous thing, the way she'd always been able to bind men to her, and yet, it was very useful. With these six, she would be able to find Safe Haven.
"When I leave, you'll be at my side and with a weapon of your own."
Filled with pain and joy, Jacob let her pull him close, this time to sleep.


5
Alexa stepped from the church to find four of her men lounging patiently around the steps. The blacksmith also waited nearby, though not as still, a kit and bedroll on his wide shoulders.
Alexa looked at Daniel and back towards the blacksmith. "Your student."
The biker went willingly, eager to please his mistress.
Alexa stepped aside to let their newest member be seen. "This one as well."
Gone was the traditional black and white garb of a religious man, and no beard tempered the ugliness of his scars. In their place was the complete outfit that all of her men wore.
In his mid-twenties, Jacob's dark eyes gazed back at them with no expression, but the healthy color in his cheeks told the others he'd enjoyed his time alone with their leader. If not for the scars, his baby-soft skin would probably have been hard for women to resist. Without them, he could have easily been her best-looking man. Instead, he appeared the cruelest.
"The riders came in."
Noting the deep purple of the coming sunset, Alexa moved down the stairs.
Edward fell in on her right, and the others followed, hands showing the two new men where to walk.
"Eleven horses, eight men wearing Nazi gear and markings. They headed into the pub and then straight upstairs, like they were meeting someone."
"Did they know you were watching?"
Edward’s voice was uneasy. "Yes. Their leader's sharp... dangerous."
Alexa didn’t doubt his observation, was only eager to make her own. "Daniel, take the rookies and set up camp a mile east - get them started."
Daniel waved at the men, turned toward the west. A direction given in public meant the opposite, keeping the rats on their trail guessing.
The two new men didn't want to go, but neither protested this first order. They moved away with reluctant steps.

Edward talked faster as Alexa’s pace increased. "White, army clothes and boots with the swastikas - The Man carries a dual sword belt, but only one saber."
Alexa stopped at the bottom of the pub steps, and her three remaining men waited while she considered.
What would their kind come to River City for? The only thing here was the town itself. It was prone to flood, and there was little of real value to draw their kind. Except... This town rested on top of what had once been a Presidential Bunker.
Alexa looked at the only mounts in sight. The Nazis horses, probably the last in this whole dusty state, were nearly dead. The blackie with the limp would be lame as soon as the swelling went down in his fetlocks.
What would make them ride such valuable animals into the ground? In this new world, a good mount was precious. The only reason her own group didn't have them was because it wasn't necessary and the lengthy, bonding journey was.
Her eyes narrowed. Only three things held any power now - food, water, and weapons. They must think the bunker still held something.
"And my fighters want to explore."
The blonde's smile was hard as she turned away. "Maybe we'll meet a few rats in the darkness."
Alexa moved them into the brittle trees, not seeing the town lighting up behind her as dusk fell, but aware that it was. After such a hard ride, would those men wait for daylight or head out as soon as the town settled for the night?
Her pace increased again. She and her three available hands had a stop to make.


6
Glittering green eyes watched their passage with longing and contempt in equal measures.
She'd excluded him for a religious freak and an iron bender. Not that there weren't reasons for Rick’s existence other than Safe Haven, such as the riders who'd come in days late, but to be left for the likes of those two! It was an insult, and the traitor took it to heart.
Rick watched the woman pause on the steps with a familiarity that he instantly loathed. He’d seen her kind once before, had tried to kill them all and failed. Had she sensed it on him?
The woman turned away with a smooth motion, and Rick eased out the door and headed for the stairs to the loft. He had a goal here, and it would be done, but the blonde and her fighters were now in the front of his bitter, calculating mind.
Cesar had been gone for half a decade - his charred gold convertible was overgrown with nature, but Rick was still looking for a way to avenge the evil slave trader he’d belonged to. The two months after the War had been the best of his life, and someone would pay for ending that… maybe this woman and her small army. He’d failed to kill Adrian, to extinguish Safe Haven’s light, but maybe fate was giving him a second chance.


7
The preacher and the blacksmith followed Daniel into the thin trees, glancing over their shoulders repeatedly… looking for Alexa.
Knowing it was expected of him, Daniel drew in a breath and spun around.
"Pay attention," he barked, loud enough to make them both freeze in surprise. "She doesn't need you that much! Earn your place."
The teacher turned his back and moved on.
The two men hurried to catch up, sharing rueful looks, but neither of them considered turning back.
"Do what I do - all the time. Start now."
Daniel began to move in a rotating watch pattern, and they tried hard to copy his movements exactly. As they went past the bunker hole, that glint of steel was noted again and ignored. There would be time later, if Alexa allowed it.
"We do everything one way - hers. You'll be my students, but she's the real teacher."
He led them through the trees at a fast clip, a bit disappointed he would miss the fight with the riders, but eager enough to help make her choices fit in. Daniel had only earned one ‘reward’ from Alexa in the time he'd been with her, not quite as fast or sharp as the others, but with a gun and a bike, he was lethal.
Hearing their steps, the rustle of their clothes, their breathing, he spun again. "You make too much noise!" he snapped, freezing them. "You'll get her killed."
With that awful warning, Daniel turned back toward the path. They, too, would have an apprentice someday, if the mistress approved it. Mark had been his first – he had been Edward's. They shared everything.
That sent his thoughts back to pleasing Alexa, and the biker almost frowned. It wouldn't please her that he himself wasn't focused on this task. He was the first to have two students at the same time.
Daniel stepped aside, waving a hand, "There's a trail here. We go on when one of you find it."
Six


1
Five once beautiful horses emerged from the knee-high fog, mouths foaming. Their riders talked openly, not worried about attracting attention. In this new world, Nazis were once again a powerful group, and only those not afraid of death challenged them.
"You sure?"
"Yes."
The group of bald riders moved closer.
"Didn't like the look of 'em."
"Me neither."
"Stop it, shut up," the leader demanded, his tone commanding obedience instantly. "Set up a perimeter. We're almost there."
"Where?"
"The bunker, idiot. You go in first."
"Aww, man."
The authority was shoddy at best, but when the dirty grubber in the center glared, the man on his far right nodded and looked away.
"Fifty feet northeast from where I'm sittin'. Find it."
Two of the men hurried ahead. Using small lighters to see by, their flames cast eerie shadows on the cactus and briar patches that surrounded them.
The hired hands were just that, extra fingers without brains, and the hard-ass leader watching them search swallowed his uneasy feeling. He'd left his regular men in Lincoln, not wanting to split this reward evenly but now, Donny was wishing he'd chosen differently. These four were basically useless for anything more than sniffing duty.
"Found it."
The metal hatch wasn't sealed, came open with only minimal effort, and that made their leader's stomach churn harder. Someone else had been here - recently.
"Guns out - torches and canisters. You know the drill."
They moved slowly, clearly reluctant to venture into the stinking darkness.
"Can't this wait for daylight?"
"No. The dust storm slowed us up. We have to deliver the gas and vial to Roscoe in five days. He's meeting us in Lincoln, and we'll have to hurry to make it."
"But I thought we was..."
Tiring, Donny spun around and knocked the whining man off his horse with a single brutal blow to the temple.
"Get in there!" he growled.
The bleeding man crawled the few feet and disappeared into the ground.
Donny turned to the others. "You two get the perimeter set. Ben, you’re with me."
The leader let the other thickly built man go first, pausing to take a map from his belt. With a last glare of warning toward the two nervous guards, he also vanished into the ground.


2
"The rabbit. A single shot each."
Knowing one of them to be unarmed, Daniel left his holster clear and immediately felt the rookie slide his Colt free and fire to the right.
The fat hare dropped with two bullet wounds, and Daniel hid his grin. She'd chosen well once again. Alexa was special, and the biker wouldn’t ever give up his coveted place on her left.

3
Donny froze on the long ladder as the two shots echoed, and the sound of a scuffle from the darkness below was little comfort.
"Give us some light, Ben."
There was no response, though he could feel the ladder vibrating and knew he wasn't alone on it. His eyes widened, realizing what that meant.
Donny fumbled awkwardly for his gun, but it was too late to stop the relentless hands that jerked him off the rope and sent him into the darkness below.
"Aaahhh..."
Thud!
“Give us some light.”
A single emergency stick flared and Alexa grunted her approval, eyes looking over the three new bodies as well as the dozens of skeletons. There were no survivors living here.
The signs of past radiation sickness were evident in the bottles of iodine and dust-covered stacks of used bandage boxes, but there would be more horror here before they left. Edward had made short work of the Nazi guards topside and soon, their bodies would be dropped into the hole too.
Full of cobwebs and dust, the spacious room they had found was clearly an escape hatch. The number of bodies directly below it suggested there hadn’t been time to get the new President out. Moldering furniture couldn’t hide the story of the awful ending that had occurred here - cartridge casings and bloodstains still glared at them from beneath grinning skulls.
"Five minute scan, in sight."
The other rooms sprawled out from this one, but they only needed to look in the first open door to know searching the abandoned complex was useless. The skeleton on the filthy couch was clearly mutated. Staying here was dangerous.
Eyes closing, Alexa concentrated, suddenly sure they'd stumbled onto something. There was a sense of peace here despite the nightmares filling these dark halls, a feeling of… safety.
The demon inside scented the stale, stinking air and caught a ghostly whiff of Polo that was instantly gone. Adrian!
Alexa held out a thick torch and lit it with a mutter, brightening the enormous room around them… and found the message sprayed across the monitors in front of her.
All the fighters stared with stunned joy.

Safe Haven - All survivors welcome
NE- WY  -Channels 7 & 17

And along the bottom:

God Bless the United States and those we leave behind!


4
"Have a constant loyalty to New America, and you'll fit with us. Slack off, forget your place, endanger her intentionally or accidentally, and I'll remove you."
Not quite sure - neither man was willing to challenge that - Daniel's next words eased some of their tension.
"There will not be jealousy or attempts to control any part of her. She is not yours or ours. We are hers and we share everything."
Wondering, but not daring to ask if that included intimacy, both rookies continued to listen and do what he did.
"If you have questions, ask them carefully, respectfully. You can come to me or any of the others. We've all gone through the same training you're starting today," Daniel said this with little emotion, seeing them try hard to copy his steps.
"The quest matters to you for your own reasons, as it does to each of us, but don’t ever let your needs or desires come before hers. The rest of us will run you out before she has to."
The biker looked at them with hard eyes, "Do you understand these rules?"
They both nodded, very aware it now felt like a fool's quest without the woman here.
"Good," Daniel flipped a hand at the ugly preacher. "You're on my right, blacksmith on my left. No matter what else is going on, unless she says different, do what I do."


5
Two bottles crashed to the bunker floor in rapid succession, followed by a small torch. Firelight began to glare balefully up at them from the bunker hole.
Alexa waved a hand. "Cover it. The wind down there says it'll have enough fuel. No need to advertise where it started."
That sent her thoughts back to the other Nazis waiting in town. Would those come looking for these? After a moment of consideration, she turned away. It didn't matter. The best had come with their leader, and those hadn't been very good. The flunkies left would likely run, but somewhere, there was a bigger man, and it bothered Alexa to leave him unpunished. It was unlikely that Adrian would have.
These had said they were meeting their buyer, Roscoe, in Lincoln. Perhaps she and her men would get lucky enough to pass through Nebraska soon. To want deadly gases and chemicals, meant there was someone already in mind to use them on, and her American heart burned with fury. Hadn't all the hell of the War been enough to make men see?
Slightly off tune to her mood swing, the three men followed her through the darkness toward camp, wondering if she would give a reward. Granted, it had been only a small battle, but they had done well…
When they stepped into the firelight of camp, the three males shared smiles of resignation as hopes of being the ones rewarded vanished. What they'd done was nothing to what Daniel had accomplished in their short absence. If there was attention given tonight, the biker would be the lucky man to receive it.
Jacob and David were now dressed identical to the rest, their tools and gear being carried exactly like they should be, and it was easy to see the rookies approved of the new setup from the way they were working. Their hands didn't fumble, but drew needed items without looking as they quickly built side by side, smokeless fire pits in front of a one man canvas that appeared to have been set up, broken down, and repeated multiple times. Near these, was a larger fire with a medium-sized pot charring in the softly flickering flames. Fresh stacks of wood sat nearby, as did seven freshly filled canteens.
Alexa moved toward them with a lighter heart, her mood suddenly improving. They'd found the first message on the day they'd become seven strong. Fate had led her here. If it also took them away from Nebraska, so be it.
Daniel hand-signaled an instruction to the new men, then watched Alexa’s face as they hurriedly began serving the meal to the others now sitting in a loose circle nearby. She’d saved him, given him a new reason for living. Did she know how grateful he was?
The rookies were as careful as their teacher had cautioned them to be, also eager to show the woman they were serious, and the meal passed slowly, enjoyably. While they ate, the others filled Daniel in on the bunker and the clue they’d found. The talk quickly went to planning.
"We'll hit Cheyenne and try to stock up, unless anyone knows of a better place?"
There was silence, each of them enjoying the beans and biscuits Jacob had made, and Alexa waited patiently, looking over her men.
With a quick smile and a thick goatee, Billy was the quiet rebel of her group. He still favored colorful t-shirts under his fighting clothes - the kind with slogans best kept covered around strangers - and if there was a joke to be told, he was the first.
Next to the Driver, Mark preferred a clean-shaven scalp and spent time achieving it daily. The sexy muscles of his head and arms glistened in the firelight. Each of her men had their own addition to the uniform she’d given them. For Billy, it was the t-shirts beneath his clothes. For Mark, it was the cut-off sleeves of the black shirt that had allowed his skin to acquire a deep, beautiful bronze glow.
At his side was the preacher. Jacob’s concession to the uniform was the cross he still wore next to his heart. He was a contradiction, her religious killer.
After Jacob’s scarred face, Daniel was ugliest among them with all his battle-marks. He’d lived for the thrills before the War, and his body had paid the price in stitches, seared gashes, slashes, and gouges that littered his hands, arms, and legs. Only his face was unblemished, showing a handsome profile that had been protected out of vanity.
David, her future Magic-user, was taller than the rest of her men, both in size and nature, and carried an aloofness that matched her own. Little was known about him other than his skills with metals, with a gun, and his ever-constant loyalty to their quest… to her.
Back to her side now, was Edward. Easily the most dangerous, the horseman was cool and calm when it was needed. Dependable and ever-loyal, he was also vain and a bit spoiled by his place as her first. He didn’t hold it over the heads of his teammates - he knew neither she nor they would allow that, but he flaunted it around strangers with no remorse.
Still, there was little she could ask of him that he couldn’t achieve. When she’d wondered if he were the perfect student, nothing had been truer. He soaked up her lessons and repeated them in exact detail. For all his small faults, there was no one better suited to her right.
Around them, the night moved, but no more so than usual. Shadows gathered, fought, retreated with information. It was happening everywhere, and as long as they weren’t attacked, Alexa permitted it. Mother Nature wanted all men gone, but that couldn’t be allowed to happen. Part of repairing the world included letting Nature see how much respect they had, that Adrian would retrain mankind to honor the planet. If that didn’t work, Alexa planned to do what she always had - fight.
"If we could cross the Little River, there's a rail yard within a few hours of Laramie," Billy finally offered.
"That's right. That area was so flooded, it's probably untouched." Mark slapped Billy on the shoulder, not caring that it was rumored to be a hunting ground for some type of mythical creature. "Great idea."
"And the river?" Alexa questioned, taking things from her kit. No one knew the area as well as Billy.
"The same way we handled the snakes, if we can find the right setup. Skiffs, if not," Edward answered, a hint of fondness in his usually expressionless tone. He still cherished the memories of their first month alone together.
Alexa grunted tolerantly. "Supplies will be replenished shortly, and our first sign has been found."
She looked around at them as her scarred fingers neatly twisted the small papers. "Our true quest for Safe Haven begins. Cry off now if there are doubts."
There was silence, and Alexa snorted, "I would have been surprised."
She lit the rolled smoke, inhaling deeply, and passed it to Daniel first with a nod of approval at the two silently watching rookies.
"We'll do much together, see much, and our hearts will beat with life."
She lit a second smoke, took another deep draw. Her eyes went to the darkness that was creeping closer to smother their light. Her tone became grave.
"We will also face unimaginable danger. Our enemy has begun to gather soldiers as well, and soon, we will be the target of nearly everything that breathes. Many ugly battles wait for us."
Her gaze went to the new men, already considering Jacob to be her last. The blacksmith had been hers before the first shot was fired.
"Nature is furious with all mankind. She wants us gone from her shores and forests, our bones rotting under her contaminated waters. Her loathing is so strong that she goes against the limits of her power. Do not trust anything living from this moment on. We have each other for that."
Alexa stood, eyes telling Daniel that what he'd been seeking had been earned. "Billy will take over the students. Mark and Edward on guard."
She moved toward the shadows, and Daniel followed, heart thumping.


6
Alexa’s cloak covered them almost completely, caught on the tree Daniel was against. Only the barest of their shadows could be seen by the two men on watch, but there was no mistaking the sounds.
"As you would."
Daniel’s hands slid behind her jaw, gently drawing her closer, and he groaned as their lips met. He made the sound again when she slid his hand to the snap of her pants.
The men on duty moved their perimeter back a bit to give privacy, but knew it wouldn't matter. Their leader expected complete control over themselves at all times, but when she took them, she wanted all of them. Noise was the last thing on a man's mind.
"Ooh…" Alexa slid over him with a groan, pressing close, and his hips bucked in response.
"Uhh!" Daniel growled in stunned pleasure as she took him, lost in her embrace. "Ohh... never felt... mmm!"
The two guards shared a look of tolerant amusement and moved back a bit more as vivid blue light streamed from the forest around the couple. In the distance, another fire glowed as brightly, the burning bunker providing their cover.

The rookies were on guard with Billy, the others in their bedrolls, as Alexa and Daniel returned to camp. Hardened male hearts clenched with emotion as she gently pressed a soft kiss to the biker’s pale cheek.
"My thanks."
Daniel flushed with pleasure, voice full of devotion, "My honor!"


7
"It doesn't exist."
"I tell you it does!" Rick snapped harshly, still feeling the sting from the woman's scornful blue eyes. She'd known him for what he was on first glance, and for her to see it so fast, was more proof. Chase a myth? Not the likes of her.
"Safe Haven exists," the outcast repeated, watching the flames leap from the bunker hole. "Which means the supplies they left at each campsite exist."
Aware that the other three were looking at him stupidly, Rick jerked a thumb at the bunker. "Why else would they have burned it?"
"To cover the murders.”
The scavenger snorted at the old world answer. "Why? You see a police car around here that we should be hidin' from?"
The others snickered and the treacherous man now leading them ignored the instinct telling him that he couldn't beat the blonde alone or with these idiots. It was a feeling Rick knew well.
“Be nice to find the supplies they left.”
Rick sneered, but didn’t bother to tell them that part of the myth was crap. He’d traveled with Safe Haven long enough to know the refugee camp hadn’t had any extra supplies to leave behind for survivors. It was one of those ‘extras’ that always got tacked onto a legend or a rumor. If not for that lie Safe Haven might have already been forgotten.
"I saw light to the east as we rode up. Clever. If not for being on horses, I wouldn't have noticed. We'll follow, hang back until they make the next find and take over from there."
"And the woman?" the slowest of them asked.
Rick leered. "After we...retrain her, we'll take her to Roscoe in payment for our failure here. That way, he'll only kill one of us."


8
Alexa's chuckle woke the men on either side of her. Unpleasant, it was a perfect start to the day.
"There are new rats on our trail."
She closed her eyes, enjoying the body warmth, their comfort, a bit longer, "We'll handle that along the way, I think."
Daniel nodded to the guards, sent his eyes over the two quietly working students and then Edward on the other side of them. The sated biker raised a brow, received shakes of the head in response, and he too closed his eyes. Alexa was warm and vibrant between him and Mark, as calm as she ever was, and the two men wouldn't budge until she did. One curled around her, the other securely in her embrace, she was surrounded by their dreams instead of her own.
"She'll never ask." Billy's words were low, explaining, "She used to wake us up with screams. This works better."
The students understood what hadn't been said. It was an offer to be made in the darkness of the night and then accepted or refused, but never mentioned.
The new men had risen slowly, eyes repeatedly going to the sleeping trio as they quickly set up a morning camp. Billy's instruction was almost silent, teaching them the basic hand gestures, and the porridge was bubbling nicely the next time the blonde opened her eyes.

When Alexa stood to greet the day, their eyes lingered on her dawn-swept hair. Her braids were never unraveled. Instead of a filthy dreadlock effect, it seemed to protect the hair and her head, giving her a cushion that served her well in a fight.
A simple rinse with her canteen water washed the dust from her long braids and even longer body, and the men all turned their backs to give her a moment of privacy. Unless she called to one of them, it was always this way. She’d more than earned such respect.
The slight silvering of her hair was something her senior men had noticed, though. It had come over the last month, and each of their adventures sent more of the shiny threads through her blonde locks. It was worrisome, but none of them were sure how to ask about it. As she joined them at the fire, they still weren’t.

Half an hour after eating, they were on the road again, Alexa leading them proudly. She now had her army. The hardest part of this quest had been finished. Upon starting, fresh from her escape, she'd doubted there were any fighters left to be found, let alone to have come upon ones so strong, so gifted, on their own. They were already a force to be reckoned with and she set her feet firmly. They would go around no more.



Jendon

Jendon they call him
The Troll from the bog
Banished to roam man's world
In the storms and the fog

His yellow eyes flicker
Greed in their depths
One he won't steal from
There be few left

Traveling merchant
Gypsy cart and gray horse
Powerful potions he makes
Just don't ask the source

Huge green fists
Ready to strike
He hides by the day
And lurks through the night

Peddling his wares
Potions, spirits, charms
Trading for bone dust
While memories he farms

Eat his food
Drink his liqueur
And in your life
You've never been sicker

Bewitched by magic
Dreams unprotected
Secrets revealed
Weaknesses detected

The sly salesman
Clever merchant
Nightmarish barker
Kin of the serpent

Steal you blind
In more way than one
Ruing your fate
Before all's said and done

Nothing, but trouble
To no one willingly loyal
Yet it if can be earned
His value is double

Beware of Jendon
Of playing Fate's card
To cross this one
You'd better be hard

-A.W.

Seven


1
The seven fighters moved at a steady pace. In the distance, the landscape was deceptive. One crested hill of muddy brush would reveal miles of pristine land unharmed by the effects of man. An hour later, the trees would begin to turn black and the earth under their boots shifted dangerously to lead them toward whole towns nearly covered in a web of nature that shouldn’t be so thick this soon.
The four senior men kept the form straight automatically, and the rookies tried to be exact as they filled out the ends of the line. Making little noise against the stillness, quiet words floated back to the new men, who listened intently.
"Eight by ten, with a short wing."
"And the rooms?"
"Three."
Edward and Mark worked on her wants while she and Billy watched. Daniel looked after the new men when it was needed.
"Still hearing noise," the biker stated casually, and the faint crunch disappeared. That was Jacob. He had an old injury that made his right foot turn. Likely, it was painful to keep it straight, but Daniel knew the rookie would make sure it was on each step now. Corrections in front of Alexa were rarely given and would not have to be repeated. Pain was nothing to the frost in those chips of ice that she turned on a man, cut him in half with.
"Carry bags..."
"Already has them."
Mark nodded. He should have known she'd be prepared for two instead of one. Their leader was the contingency analyst the old world needed. The government had planned to be back topside in a year, in control. Alexa would have been ready for five.
The convict grimaced inwardly, thoughts bitter. Not that the government hadn't tried hard in some things. While stocking themselves in the days after the War, they'd also dropped trucks and buses of goods at many hospitals for the criminally insane. It had taken well over a year for his fellow inmates to begin starving.
"Rotating form. Rookies follow in place."
The two men stayed as they were while the other four began a steady walk around Alexa as she moved forward. It had little grace, the buried debris impossible to avoid, but it was still neat. When her call came, the rookies were ready. "Full crew rotating watch."
Daniel waved them to places ahead of and behind himself, eyes noting Jacob's careful footing, and they spent the next minutes patrolling around their leader.
"Direction change."
The four senior men spun smoothly, catching the rookies off guard, and firm shoves to the shoulders put them back in place.
"Again."
This time, Jacob tripped over his carefulness and turned it into a roll that put him quickly back on his feet and in line, face red.
"Again," Alexa worked them, eyes guarding as the two new men began to fit with their team.
"Standard form."
This one was easier, the simple V they'd begun the day with, and the two River City males were secretly very glad for the break. The constant rotation was a workout.
Two minutes later, when their breathing had evened out, Alexa spun a finger, "Rotating watch."


2
They continued late into the morning with the blonde calling periodic breaks to keep her men from wearing down, but she didn't take it easy on them, and she watched, evaluating. Soon, she would need to ease their worries of not being able to keep up.
Her other men were as they'd started, every other day of this journey spent so, but Jacob and David were sweaty, disheveled, scraped, and bruised. They looked weak in comparison she thought, hearing the preacher fall and roll again. But appearances were often deceiving in this new world.
Needing to wait until the rookie wouldn't think he was the reason for the stop, Alexa subtly slowed their pace and looked for a spot to make lunch camp.
The ugly ground was becoming more like a swamp the further they traveled. It had rained here today, the dew on decaying trees dripping steadily, but the earth was arid. So much that it had cracked in huge, jagged patterns that resembled windshield shatters after a harsh impact. The trees, for being so damp, also seemed brittle, dust-bound, and the weak branches hung over the two lanes of weed-hidden pavement like a canopy of desperation.
In the distance, it was the same - more trees and road. But appearances were not to be believed, and Alexa held up a hand in that soon-to-be-familiar sign of warning.
Edward and Mark fell into protection detail over the entire group, one moving to the front, one to the back. The other two fighters placed Alexa and the rookies between themselves and the others, creating a barrier from each direction.
"There."
Ahead of them, something moved again, but when the others remained still, so did the rookies. They understood where they'd been placed. If someone got through the other four, the River City men would be Alexa's last defense.
The movement was slow, plodding, and it sent them the very recognizable clip-clop of a shod horse. Behind that came the soft noise of a harness jingle rigged with the tones of goods for sale.
Alexa pointed a calloused finger down and spun it in a fast circle that sent her senior men into action. They formed a crisscross line on both sides of her, and the rest lined up neatly behind. The rows were perfectly straight as the rookies stayed where they'd been put.
Alexa's switch had cleared half of the road and seven sets of hard eyes watched the horse-drawn cart roll closer.
"Potions, charms, spirits," not uttered, but spoken with a rhyming lilt that suggested a carefree innocence. The creature who called them? Not so much.
Alexa felt her army tense as the Troll came into view, and only for the new men, she spoke, "Do what we do. Consume nothing we don't carry now."
"Trolls will steal who you are, your memories.” Daniel instructed from legends, not actual knowledge. “They were swamp-dwellers before, their existence denied, but myth, they are not.”
The red and black, star-carved wagon came within ten yards before Alexa reacted.
"Information for dust," Alexa spoke in a normal tone not meant to carry so far, but the creature driving the solid gray horse agreed eagerly.
"And maybe more, Slayer?"
Alexa shrugged, her voice carrying none of the greed in his gravely tones."Perhaps."
The traveler studied them avidly; vivid yellow eyes rapidly changing color from bright to dark and then back, as if he couldn't keep himself together in his excitement. Dressed in a black robe and boots of the same shade, the tufts of long, bright yellow fur coming from his ears suddenly moved, curled around his thick neck.
"Share camp?" he bellowed childishly.
With his greenish, pockmarked skin, he was a foreign nightmare with hands three times the size of those of a human male. His bushy brows were a deep, blood red, giving his skin the glow of a monster. His pointed nails and fang-like teeth added to the impression.
Alexa nodded easily, surprising only David and Jacob. "Here?"
The troll grinned evilly, "’Tis not man's road anymore."
He extended a massive paw down, making her men tense further. "Jendon."
The blonde shook her head, not smiling, "Will you begin our trading with trickery? I have no need so bad as to tolerate such as that!"
Her statement fell on him like a whip, and the creature cringed back, "Nay, lady. There are so few left as you, my sorry!"
Alexa arched a brow, "And have you seen such as...?"
The Troll bobbed his head furiously, sly gleam coming back into his flickering gaze. "Aye. Gone now, though. Culled the herd and split."
Alexa showed him a scarred hand and slowly took a pouch from her belt. She tossed it gently, but with a curve, and was proud of her men when none of them reacted to the creature's incredibly fast movement. Jendon had jumped, caught it, and stored it in a blur.
Back neatly in place seconds later, they continued the transaction, which was mostly overlooked by the six males, who were nearly in shock. Even for all they'd come through, this was a lot to accept.
"Perhaps those who follow us will not know the words."
The Troll’s eyes shifted in quick flashes - a businessman just hired. "Aye, lady. Without those, they'd go no further."
"Or perhaps you won't," she warned tonelessly. "One is harder than the rest."
Jendon grinned again, huge yellow fangs gleaming. It was a look that brought her men closer in concern. "That would be something to see."
Alexa answered with no delay, "I know where to place my dust."
Satisfied, Jendon’s ugly smile faded, and Alexa motioned for her men to set up full camp, though they had half a day's light left.
Edward and Mark stayed at her side as the others took care of it. She was rarely without a guard. If she fell, so would the quest, but with this… monster in their firelight, she would have two.
Their camp was made within minutes, the rookies able to help with these chores, but Jendon still beat them. His speed as he unloaded things was eerie.
Alexa could feel the tension but didn't offer any comfort. Nerves had to be conquered by them all and paranoia, as well. Some things now carried a clear sense of menace, and the Troll was one of those.
"Will you join us for the meal?"
Jendon shook his large head at her offer, his body piled under him in a barrel shape that hid how tall he really was, "I have no need."
"Our circle, then, tradesman?"
Jendon smiled, more naturally this time. "With honor. Let your men stand while we barter."
The note of greed was unmistakable, and Alexa narrowed her eyes in warning, "Do not violate my hospitality. Save the switch for those who come after us."
Chastened, Jendon nodded, "Aye, mistress. Truly none such as you have I seen, but for the times right after the Death-horse seal was broken. Only one other group."
Alexa's voice was the barest breath. "Safe Haven."
The creature's eyes widened. "You seek those who came before!"
He paused in shock, mouth open to add that it was a fool's quest, perhaps, then snapped it shut instead as Alexa's cool eyes kept his locked.
"Tell me, outcast. I'd know it all, and every pouch of dust I’m carrying will be split between us."
Ignoring the insult, Jendon’s eyes lit up with greed, face harsh in the flickering light of the fire. "Deal."
He put a hand out, and this time, Alexa allowed a brief second's contact that made the creature grimace in distaste.
"No need for that," he whined at the heat, making her men exchange grins.
She shrugged indifferently. "I thought so."
The woman looked at Daniel, who motioned the rookies forward with cautioning words to begin serving the meal.
"Talk now, Jendon."
The Troll did as he was instructed.
"When the seal was broken, we such beings hid further into the bogs and forests, and yet many of us perished beside the humans we had felt a kindness for."
Alexa swallowed a bite of the bitter stew Jacob had prepared, and gestured for Jendon to continue when he paused at her grimace.
"We were content to hide, as we have always done. We survived."
The Troll's eyes widened a bit, the unsettling flicker slowing, "and then the winds arrived, much too early, and they said we - the Undead's exiled defenders - had been recalled into service."
The creature shook his head, voice full of wonder and confusion, "The chains that bound us before became our weapons, and we carry out our new mission even now."
This was said regretfully, and understanding came to the men at Alexa's response.
"Humans."
"The enemy."
Jendon hung his head in shame at the admission, though the males had the sense that it wasn't totally genuine.
"There were attacks," he said, and then his tone changed, filled with horror, "None were spared, not even the little ones!"
"Why were you banished, Jendon?"
Her tone demanded honesty, and he gave it in misery. "I gave safe passage to a child."
His voice broke on the next awful words, "And they brought her back, made me kill her!"
Alexa had no sympathy for his sobs. "Better that you had died instead. There is no forgiveness for such a sin."
Instead of the rage that brutal truth could have brought, there was only profound loss.
"Aye."
The silence was thick, and Alexa looked toward the cart, to his horse asleep in its traces. "May we?"
The Troll nodded, unconcerned, and Alexa met Edward's eye for a brief moment of communication.
The horseman called David over, and as the firelight bartering continued, the two males fed, watered, and rubbed down the strong Appaloosa with quietly admiring hands and tones.
"You became a nomad?"
Jendon's flickering eyes swung back to hers at the question. "Aye. My tribe served the rain goddess, making her potions and comforts. I do the same for those I meet."
Alexa was sure those potions would be powerful. She leaned forward. "Of those you've met, I would hear now."
Unable to resist the tone of command, the Troll began to speak of things Alexa’s men had dreamed of during their time with her.
"‘Twas three full seasons ago when they came through our homelands. The bogs were especially wet, and none of us wanted to leave, not even to carry out the new missions the wind kept delivering. The swamps were perfect, more flooded than we'd ever seen them, and we didn't bother to keep a watch."
The troll's unsettling eyes filled with a longing Alexa understood well. "Their noises drew us out. The screams and pain had become common, but this was a light in the darkness."
"Safe Haven Refugee Camp."
"Aye, lady. Full of the hardest I'd seen until today."
"And they were defended against Nature?"
Jendon’s voice was in awe. "She had no power over them. Anything inside their light was protected."
"How long were they there?"
"Near a week. They spent time in man's city, the one that collapsed, and then they loaded up, went east."
Alexa's voice was soft, thoughtful, "And you watched them the whole time..."
Jendon's flickering eyes lit up as she began to pull pouches from her carry bag. "None of the others cared until the winds found out that we'd let them pass."
His voice trembled, "The Mother tore the bogs apart then with a mighty shake that almost drove us out. And then my shame."
Tears welled again, and Alexa tossed two of the four pouches she had dug out.
His tone changed from sorrow to disbelief, "I cannot accept this."
Alexa’s smile was harsh in the firelight, unforgiving, "In return, you'll stay close in case I have a need of you."
Jendon’s yellow eyes were torn, angry, "For how long?"
Alexa’s voice gave no hope of mercy, "Until I've gotten my dust's worth."
The Troll loathed her in that moment - his greedy nature being used against him - but there was no trace of it in his response, only the proper servitude. "Master."
Magic swirled through the chilling darkness. Brutal and ancient, its streaming green tails coiled around Jendon's huge wrists, as the other end settled snugly into Alexa's grip. Such a bond was unbreakable.
"Bright! Too bright!"
Alexa closed her eyes for a brief second, and her shocked men watched the creature's evil face relax.
"Ahhh..."
"This binding stands. You will come when called."
The Troll dropped his head miserably, but then stared in confusion when she added a third bag of the heavy powder to the stack at his feet.
"Timeless."
 Jendon nodded in understanding and made the pouches disappear. "Now?"
"Nay. I would hear more of those who came before."
He paused, considering. "Have you heard the legend?"
Even though she had, Alexa was sure some of her army had not. "No."
In a flash, the Troll had been to his cart and returned with a small harp. On its end was a disheveled looking fairy with golden wings and long, sharp teeth that she bared as she began to pluck the strings. The Troll paid her no notice, but started singing in a surprisingly pleasant voice:

A light in the darkness,
Safe Haven once stood
Sheltering survivors
And serving the good

A place of safety
In a harsh new life
Honor and duty
Among despair and strife

Blazing a path of hope
Safe Haven Refugee camp came this way
Arriving for many
In time to save the day

And then they were gone, vanished
Leaving only traces
The new world slowly moved on
And people forgot their faces

Years passed in hell
Nuclear horror created doubt
That erased from the land
Signs of their route

Safe Haven became myth
A dream and rumor
Scorned or ignored
Treated with humor

Forgotten by most
The signs remain buried
And the people in hell
Remain haggard and harried

But for a few
Ignorance remains
Of the hope that once was
Just after the Final Days

Under the rubble
Carved in the stone
Are the notes of Safe Haven
To lead people home

Unable to stay
They tried to make amends
Guiding survivors
To a life free of past sins

On a tropical isle
Civilization still exists
Ruled with kindness
Not iron fists

And those left behind scoff
Roll their eyes in denial
While paradise waits
For them to reconcile

There was a silence, thick with unspoken importance, and Alexa found David already watching for her instruction. "Bring a bottle, the red. Put out a standard watch."
The rookie moved to Daniel for what she wanted and was glad the senior man didn't seem upset at the attention. Her invitation to join them had been clear.
"Another song lady?"
"Perhaps later," she answered.
The Troll sat the harp on the dirt next to him, and the snoozing fairy promptly buried her head under her shimmery wings and went back to sleep.
"WHAT WAITS FOR US?"
The command was sudden and jarring, making the small fairy hiss in anger, but Jendon was only mournful.
"Nothing… but trouble for your kind."
Satisfied, Alexa took the bottle from the blacksmith without looking at him. She motioned with her free hand and he sat on her right, keeping his eyes on their surroundings as much as on the creature across the dim flames.
Jendon studied the man, shifty eyes seeing what he had no little the blonde already knew, "You'd use this one?"
Alexa cut him off before the Troll could confirm his suspicions. "Those are not your answers to give, nor your questions to ask."
Jendon flinched from her reproach. "As you say."
Alexa handed her knife to David. "A lock of your hair."
The rookie did it quickly and hid a frown at her next request.
"A piece of your flesh."
He removed it from the back of his leg, not wincing as red drops hissed into the fire.
The Troll took the items from Alexa with obvious approval, stowing them beneath his robes. "Two hours."
Alexa passed a small bandage to David without looking at him. "My thanks."
His look was curious and she permitted it. "As you would."
The blacksmith thought carefully and could feel her approval at his choice of question.
"What signs have you seen near here, of those who came before, and where were they?"
Jendon looked to the woman, secured her approval, before turning back. "The last I saw was a note caved into the stones of the Black Hills.”
"And what did it say, Layman?"
David hadn't known he was going to use the term, but the Troll seemed happy enough to be called such.
"All survivors welcome. Traveling on a southeast line. Safe Haven refugee camp. God bless the USA."
It was the same as they'd seen in the bunker, and the fighters felt a churn of excitement and discovery. Safe Haven stood, and they would find it or die trying.


3
The conversation slowed, but the night flew by. As a faint moon spun overhead, the Troll turned worried yellow eyes on the blonde still sitting alertly by the fire. "Must I stay?"
Alexa shook her head, gesturing at the reddish bottle of liquid he'd pulled from his robes a while back and set by the fire to warm. "Until it boils?"
"And not a second longer."
"Then you may go in peace. Perhaps I'll never have a need of you."
Jendon lumbered to his feet, flickering eyes almost hypnotic as they changed from yellow to green and back again in rapid succession. "And if you do?"
She grinned harshly in reminder. "Then bring your wares and your mount. Both are at my leisure."
The creature nodded again, openly bitter this time, and was seated in the cart seconds later. When he'd hooked up the horse or retrieved the harp, none of them saw, but they were in his possession as the steady clip-clop and harness jingle rang out softly.
"Potions, charms, myths..."
The cart moved steadily away from their firelight, and Jendon's voice came floating back to them:
They came from the west
Seven fighters to the end
One stunning blonde warrior
Leading six hard-ass men

Through magic and death
Demons and fire
Clever ambushes
and Nature's ire...

Alexa felt the moment they became legend, was filled with satisfaction and a longing to hurry, but she tempered her pride as they got settled for the night. There was a very long way to go. Tomorrow, they would reach Laramie and then head for South Dakota, where they would view Safe Haven's messages with their own eyes. It had only just begun.
Tired, minutes later, half of the group slept soundly, but all of the males were content with this strange new life Alexa had given them. For being in the nuclear wilderness, it was nearly perfect.


4
“They burnt it!”
Corbin surveyed the damage with a keen eye, ignoring the mutters of Rab and his soldiers. If Alexa had them set it on fire, then she’d found something. What?
The Commander turned slowly, taking in each small scene until he had a clear idea of what had happened here.
“I feel him.”
Rab’s words caused confusion for everyone but the Commander, who turned his way.
“Where?”
Rab’s eyes were closed. “Everywhere. He’s been here.”
Corbin waved at the men, telling them to branch out and search the charred rubble. All he needed was a sign…
“Damn.”
Shane’s voice said it was a shock, and most of the men started to move into the next room.
Corbin glared, and the soldiers stopped. “Stand watch.”
These new men he was forced to work with were untrained, undisciplined, and on the edge of revolt. The big bunker hadn’t sent fresh provisions or promotions in a month, and it made handling these men a careful balance.
Not that Corbin was worried over his own safety. He wouldn’t be taken down by a mere mortal and he hoped these men knew it. The stories floating through the bunkers right now should be enough to tell them they were in over their head if they thought to attack him and win.
“Over here!” Shane called.
They stared at the sprayed words in shock. Two of the monitors hadn’t melted from the fire, protected by damp rolls of carpet.
Safe Haven.
Alexa had her first clue. She was really on her way to Adrian.
Furious, Corbin stormed toward the rope ladder they’d used to get down here.
“Burn it again, and this time, make sure it’s right.”
“But the report…”
“Should say it was Nazi vandals.” Rab informed Shane, earning a nod from Corbin.
No one else could be allowed to find these clues.

5
Up before even Daniel this time, the rookies began camp with quiet movements and good smells. Coffee, pancakes and spam, with REM bacon, refried into gravy to go over both. It was a warm meal to help them stand against what looked to be a cold, dreary day.
Edward and Mark were on guard, their rested eyes showing their pleasure with how well the new men were blending in. Seven strong, there would be new sets to learn, new forms and fighting styles to practice. It would be a welcome change from the weeks of repetition they'd had since picking up Billy.
"Outer edges of Laramie by late afternoon?"
Alexa stabbed another bite with her dented fork as she answered Mark. "Maybe a bit later if we have to hole-up while it blows over."
The clouds in their path were ominous, black and flashing, but still half a day away. What would reach them soonest was the huge wall of rain leading the storm. They would be soaked long before their normal lunching time if the blonde kept them on the road in it, as she sometimes did.
Before they broke camp, the wind started to gust. Hours later, it still hadn’t eased.


6
Very sensitive to the changes in the weather, David moved out of formation to parallel his teacher. “Something’s happening.”
He jerked a thumb upward, where the sky had turned to a serene shade of blue. “There.”
Not sure how to handle it, Daniel waved him to the front. “Tell her.”
David moved quickly to Alexa’s side, but not so fast that she didn’t see him coming. He’d worked around skittish animals all his life and knew better than to approach someone like her from a blind spot. “There’s trouble.”
Alexa’s eyes were already on the beautiful sky. There was even a bright peek of long-lost sun through the heavy grit to further convince them of their safety, and she spun a finger to halt their group. “What do you suggest?”
The blacksmith lifted his chin against the scorn he had expected. His nature was close to serene most of the time, but being laughed at or made fun of, would send him into an instant rage. Ghosts of the past like to rattle those chains, and David had learned swinging back was the only cure. “Watch and wait.”
Alexa agreed easily enough. If he was wrong, they had only lost time. If he was right, then his place was proven. “Ten minute stop. Stay close.”
After bathroom pauses, all of the fighters gathered back around their leader, waited tensely. They knew now, that Alexa had chosen each of them for reasons beyond their skill with a gun, that they had more than just that brutal duty to perform for her. Was having a sense for trouble coming part of the blacksmith’s purpose on this quest?
Seconds later, that appeared to be the truth.
The invisible cold front swept out of the trees above them, and sank down over the road like a bucket of ice. The wind was nearly frigid, sending chills through the woman’s taut body. The difference in temperature told her what to expect.
Alexa untied an end of the rope that was around her waist. “Link us up. Do it quickly.”
The fighters hurriedly tied themselves together, and moved toward a nearby tree at her wave.
David started to say he didn’t feel it anymore…
“Down!”
The warning came too late. The wind slammed through their tied group and sent the blacksmith onto his back, as if he’d been targeted, shoved. It jerked the closest men toward him, but they didn’t fall.
Startled, the blacksmith quickly regained his feet.
Alexa motioned for them to tie the rope around the tree. Clearly, this was no ordinary storm.
Now, in a circle around the trunk, noise roared at them from the left, but the blast of slicing leaves came from the right. As they ducked, a shower of tattered branches and foliage spun down to envelope them.
When the earth shifted under their boots, Alexa read the trap, and cut one end of the rope. “Up!”
The last boot was barely off the ground before the dirt was ripping itself apart in furrows, searching for them. Hoping to swallow, all around the tree, the ground rose and caved in, rose and caved in…
Grrrr…Creak...
Nature’s fury at being denied shook the tree, threatening to rip it from its mooring… The fighters clung to the trunk and limbs, rope now tangled among the swaying branches.
The wind came back suddenly, slamming into the tree…
The insects living on the tree began to attack the fighters, trying to make them fall…
The tremor-storm increased, sending out waves of violent upheaval that split the ground under the roots, forcing them upward…
“Grab him!”
Jacob lost his hold as the slimy trunk jumped out of his grasp. He hit the branch below, smacking his head and jerking all of them toward the ground.
Alexa hauled on the rope, wondering at the quick flash of Déjà vu, but was without time to ponder it.
Edward and Daniel were helping her now, and they pulled the others back up.
Crack! The grinding noise was ear-splitting as the earth tore itself open.
Alexa held out a hand, choosing to return what she had taken all those months ago. Brown energy shot out of her palm, and sank into the vibrating ground.
Silence… 
Stillness… 
It was over.
Sympathetic to the jumpiness of her men, Alexa grinned. “So, who ordered the blowjob?”
The unexpected quip brought snorts and a renewed sense of calm. To David, she gave a subtle nod that made his mood soar. It was a feeling he was instantly sure he would crave for the rest of his life.
Alexa waved her men down. She’d only been through one other tremor-storm - it had allowed her to escape from Regan’s ambush in the desert - and she had a fondness for them despite their evil nature. They were Mother Nature’s assassins, and totally relentless. It was something she respected.
Alexa looked to the distance, where the real storm still rolled heavily closer. “Come, my pets. Let’s get in a few hours on the redline before it hits.”


7
Hours later, the fighters were taking shelter from the brunt of the storm in a barn with heavy leaks and the bones of animals in dusty pens. After watching Alexa carefully collect the bones and spend the time grinding them into ashes, her men understood when she filled her pouches with it. Jendon's potions were made with the bone dust of the dead.
"Human is more powerful, but any bones will do. Laymen are magic users; the dark charms their strength, but also their curse. They cannot gather the dust themselves. They react to it instantly. Always be generous in your dealings with them or your purchase may be cursed."
That brought more curiosity as she stored the bags and wiped her hands on the rough ground.
"Time for a lesson. Enough correct answers will earn a reward for all."
Her eyes swept them, pleased to see each man had found something useful to do with their time. They were learning fast. "How many different animals and how much dust from each went into the pouches?"
Her fingers began rolling a smoke as they called answers.
"Bull, chicken."
"Goat."
"Cat?"
"A quarter of each."
"And why a mix at all?" she asked, not surprised when it was David who knew.
"They are domestic and therefore, equal in power. Uneven mixes will affect stability."
"And the last pouch of leftovers? How even was the mix?"
"Half, a quarter, and a third each of the remaining."
Jacob's fast response had all eyes turning to him.
The rookie shrugged, young face reddening. "I saw the even distribution and wondered what the rest would be used for."
"Very good. The answer to that question will earn someone honor guard." She stood, not wincing at the stiffness of her legs. "Let's share a twist and think."
None of them were able to guess what the unevenly mixed bone dust was good for, and they spent half an hour watching as Alexa ground handfuls of this and that from the many pockets in her cloak.
She put it into an empty pouch and then dumped a portion of it into a dirty glass vial. When she added water from her canteen, it turned to a deep, dark green liquid that seemed to smoke and bubble.
Alexa held it up as she led them into the light drizzle of the storm's wake.
"Grab quickly when I tell you," she instructed, moving to a limply struggling apple tree nearby. It was dying, its sparse branches holding only tiny, immature green balls.
The blonde leader threw the vial at the base of the tree with a sharp movement, shattering it, and emerald liquid sank into the ground. For a long moment, there was nothing.
Rustle….
Soft, odd, it was the sound of new life spreading into the tree. The nickel-sized apple balls began to grow, the leaves around them turning brighter, standing healthier.
The men watched in amazement as the tree burst into full bloom with a speed their eyes couldn't track properly.
Alexa got closer, ducking as a growing branch shot out, and her men did the same with uneasy eyes.
"Get ready. Carry bags and catch," she called.
Edward tossed the rookies each a pouch and bright red fruit began sailing through the air.
It would have been something to see, six men catching apples that a very fast blonde woman was throwing, but for the thinning woods and thickening corn, they were alone.
The tree was magnificent, stunning in perfect contrast to the withering branches that struggled around it, but the fighters sensed more coming than a miracle-grow to replenish their stores.
"Enough."
Each small pouch was full as Alexa stepped back, including hers. She gestured at the now creaking and groaning tree, her tone grave, "See what an uneven mix… and greed causes."
The rookies, both chewing generous mouthfuls, struggled to keep it down as the tree began to die.
Its beautiful leaves and fruit molded on the edges, then the middle, then fell like Christmas ornaments. It happened in seconds.
The snapping twigs echoed like gunshots, and larger branches started to crack and fall. The earth shifted as the roots withered violently beneath their boots….
Crackkkk!
The thick trunk split down the middle with a final, heart-wrenching crack.
After that, came the sounds of the rookies forcing themselves to swallow.
In the distance, another noise came, unmistakable as well. It was a piercing scream of pain and rage that rose on the wind to howl at them. Nature had gotten her stolen energy back, but lost a tree in its place.
"Our enemy has weaknesses," Alexa stated pointedly, wiping a fat, red apple with her sleeve. "Never doubt it."
She bit into the juicy fruit and headed for the road. "Don't waste even one of those. It will be long before I'd do such again without better cause.”

8
Now that her crew was complete, Alexa was ready to tighten the bonds with her men. As they sat around the fire, she could feel them wondering what else they might face and of course, where she’d come from. They all wanted to know about the rats on their trail, too.
Would either of her new men have the sand to ask? Edward had wanted to, but after rescuing the children, he’d understood he wasn’t to question. The rookies didn’t have that sense yet.
As she had the thought, Jacob turned to her.
“How do you know so much? Why are you so different?”
Silence as the others froze.
Alexa considered his request only briefly. These seven would be with her when she found Safe Haven. That was a long trip to make without knowing what your leader stood for. In her case, it was more of what was inside, but they’d understand that before long.
She pinned the rookie with a merciless look and saw that David had moved subtly away, as if he were wary of the response.
Alexa leaned forward and fed the tension with a hard glare, not caring for David’s need to protect his own ass. “In return, I may ask for your story, Jacob.”
She brought her hand up to her face and stroked her cheek, telling them all which tale she’d requested.
Jacob nodded reluctantly at the trade. “As you wish.”
“Twist a smoker and pour us all drink,” the leader instructed, settling back against a damp tree trunk. “It would seem that story-night has come.”
The men moved quickly, each admiring Jacob for helping them get something they’d wanted, but had been unable to attain on their own. Only a rookie had such leniency and they were grateful he’d used the free pass before learning the rules.
Alexa inhaled deeply, drawing smoke in for a long hold that sent waves of dizziness through her mind.
“After the War, I was a prisoner - like all of you were in one form or another.”
Ghosts moved through tormented halls in Alexa’s memories, gliding by death and betrayal with a human face… and pushed open a bunker door to the past.

Eight

January, 2016 AW

1
“Now kill him!”
Unable to reach the one commanding her through the intercom, the woman did as she was told.
The soldier, like the countless others they’d forced her to hurt, wanted only for the days-long hell to be over. He squeezed his bruised eyes shut and the fire flashed out.
As the flames hit, her tormented words led him into the light. “I’m sorry!”
There were no tears, she had few left to give away now, but the woman watched him burn with horror. How many did that make? She’d stopped counting when the number went beyond fifty.
“Excellent. Return to your room...”
And take your meds, the woman mentally finished the order. Now that she’d performed for them, her captors wanted her under control again, and drugs were the only way to accomplish that.
“And take your meds.”
Her eyes went over the huddling child they’d been using to force her co-operation. Maybe not the only way… In those shell-shocked blue depths, the woman could see his future… death no matter how well she pleased those in charge. This boy had the Marker, too. They would never let him go.
Alexa waited for the door to slide open, trying not to be crushed by what she’d done. The soldier’s life had protected the boy’s. After the War, it was more than a fair trade, and yet, there was a sense of doomed resignation she carried back to her small cell. Willing or not, it had happened by her hand… mind. She was no less guilty than those who played with her powers at the harm of others. If she just gave up…
Alexa flinched away from the thought, face becoming a mask of hatred. Never! They would make a mistake, and she would be freed! And with her, the others they were holding, using, experimenting on.
The woman went to the waiting tray, picking up the small cup with an eager hand. The pills went down fast, and she settled on the floor next to her cot. Eyes closing, her mind began replaying the past; bringing her relief from this newest chain they’d forced her to wear. She may one day be away from this place, but she’d never lose the ghosts.
After a long moment, the drugs began working, and her hands rose as she dozed. They moved in graceful, precise movements that few of the scientists watching recognized. In that moment of drug-induced trance, she was a fighters cleaning her guns… preparing for battle.


2
It was a month before they woke her again. She only knew because of a leaf someone had dragged in on their shoe and left outside her cell.
It was spring now, more than three years after the War of 2012. She’d never felt more alone, realizing the passage of time while she’d been held here.
Alexa had been in Hawaii when the War came. After the bombs and the tidal waves, the rioting had devastated the island state and with the ocean so angry, there had been no leaving at first. Even when the mental calls came, smashing through the old-lava tunnels like thunder, she’d been unable to answer. By then, she had charges… sheep to care for.
She’d still tried to answer though, to tell him she couldn’t leave the kids, and that had drawn the attention of Corbin.
The woman shuddered. The Commander had been out trolling for survivors and found what he’d least expected. She had also been caught off guard and it hadn’t been hard for the government to surround them and force her surrender to keep those with her from being killed.
She’d found them abandoned in a school two days after the Bombs and tried to return them to their families. After only a short time, she’d understood those people were dead. Why else wouldn’t they have come for their babies themselves? Still, she’d kept searching, their cries demanding it. Three mothers and one blinded uncle had gratefully accepted the gift she’d given, but the rest?
“Come to the lab.”
The voice from the wall speaker sent heat into her gut. The rest of those hurting kids, she began to love… 
Alexa slowly pushed to her feet as the door opened. They were all dead now, and the horror was staggering.
The halls she walked through were sterile, devoid of life, but flooded with offensive colors meant to keep the captives in mental chaos. There was no relaxing here, no adapting or thinking time. You survived if you could. That was it.
The narrow steps twisted downward, shiny metal grates with cameras that measured weight, pulse rate, and balance in a single step. At the bottom of these prying stairs, a gateway to scan while being walked under, spitting out brain and organ conditions. Quick lights and sounds drew hearing and sight results, and for all of this, the woman was grateful. Handled another way, it would have taken an hour and all of her strength to get through it.
The sight of the test room never failed to give Alexa pause. Above was a balcony-like viewing area. That’s where the voice comes from, the one that forces me to kill. One day soon, she would get up there… or she would be dead.
“Sit behind the glass wall.”
Alexa did as she was told, listening to the soft hiss of the door sliding closed behind her. She always did. They’d held her, forcing her to explore the dangerous powers inside so they could see what the others here would be capable of when they grew up. Then, they could breed them into a perfect weapon.
Her kids, her warm, human kids, were long gone. She didn’t remember the attack, thanks to the dart that took her out of the fight before it began.
“Burn his arm, nothing else.”
The soldier waiting fearfully was young, already in pain from what looked like multiple burns from other sessions, and Alexa closed her eyes. They would kill one of the kids. She had to protect the kids from this room.
Flames shot out in a narrowed band of burning ribbon that seared off a layer of skin and sent screams down the halls. The glass room was bulletproof, fireproof, and few others, but sounds were a tool the soldiers used.
Every child hearing the level of agony in those hoarse pleas knew who was in the dreaded room, who was causing it, and of course, why. Alexa was keeping them from being hurt, and the guilt of it bonded them to her, as their captors had known it would. Many of these children were incredibly talented despite not being old enough to have the true powers of the Descendants yet.
The government used them against each other to prevent rebellion. If one complex broke free, two were destroyed in retaliation and the Marker was so strong between these related kids, that to cause the death of one of their own was something to die over. It was an awful snare. Had it been used for peace, it could have brought the world together and created light in the apocalyptic darkness.
Determined to regain the world of lavish power, those in charge of the remaining government had chosen to continue the old ways and keep blending the DNA. Like those who’d come before them, they were trying to make themselves as strong as the Descendants, attempting to steal their gifts through experiments that included the embryos from human and Descendant specimens. In short, they were still playing God.


3
One of the guards, a redhead with a cruel sneer, enjoyed his job so much he’d been promoted to watching over the bottom floor. Only the important specimens were held there, and Regan loved the daily sessions he was now a witness to. He also looked forward to helping, to drawing blood.
Regan was a killer long before the War. The trail of bodies he’d buried across the United States was so large that even he didn’t remember them all. Most were enjoyed through a haze of drugs and music. Now, he had Descendants to play with, and for whatever reason, he liked Alexa’s sessions the best.
He wasn’t sure why. The others were bloodier, some went as far as rape - a highlight for the guards, for sure, but the woman in cell #17 was special, even compared to the others being held here.
Regan watched her step back into her room, body tight. He’d almost had her twice over the months he’d been stationed down here, and the killer was determined she would be the victim he hadn’t had since the War. When you were living in a compound, murders were noticed and often caught on camera. He’d had to content himself with beatings and torture on other floors before they’d brought him down here and made him happier than he’d ever been. Down here, the pain and blood stayed on the ground so much he didn’t have to do it himself to feel it… except… he missed it.
Seeing Alexa first brought in, naked and bloody, had given Regan a flash of his past, and he’d been scheming on a way to get her ever since. He thought those heading up this little torture palace might want her gone soon. Even asleep, her brain charts were flying. She was dangerous, should be eliminated soon.
And that narrowed his chances to catch her at the right time, but it also said if he killed her, they wouldn’t be so mad. Regan had no intentions of being tossed out into that apocalyptic nightmare they sometimes watched on the screens, but he sensed this woman might be worth the risk.
“Lights out in five… four… three... two… one.”
Darkness flooded the quiet halls of the bottom floor, and Regan slipped from his post. Nothing ever happened on the third shift, and the guards often snuck off to amuse themselves. He wouldn’t be missed.


4
Alexa swallowed her pills as usual, but as soon as the lights went out, she shoved her finger down her throat and brought them back up. The sense of time running out had been too heavy to ignore as she’d stepped over the soldier’s charred body.
The eyes of the child they’d once again had to use also warned her, but she had no hope to offer. There was no way for her to get them all out, and she couldn’t leave them to this life. They were all better off dead.
Alexa listened to the walls around her creak and groan with the aftermath of the day’s misery. If she didn’t get out before they broke her like that again, she would be. This session had been brutal, going far beyond the normal exploration. It was as if they were trying to figure out if she could be used as a weapon now that they knew her weakness.
That was what made her remove the sheet from her cot, and one of its wooden legs. Through the children, they would make her attack other survivors next, and it would drive her insane to do it. Did they know that? She was almost sure of the answer. They didn’t need her anymore now that they had other specimens, younger, more controllable experiments that could be used for offense, defense, and everything between as soon as they came of age. Many of the hundreds of kids being held here were teenagers, on the brink of inheriting their full gifts.
How long had this been going on? How many people had known of the hive of soldiers and scientists hiding beneath the Utah proving ground? How many kids had seen these halls, died in them? With so many available, these scientists weren’t careful about preserving life.
Alexa moved toward the door, staying low and quiet. These cells had infrared capability, but they hadn’t used it on her for more than six months, bored with watching her sleep.
Using slivers of the cot-leg, she forced the bolt back on the door and heard it give under her talented hand. It was one of the first things she’d learned from her father, and it was his lessons she would depend on now.

5
Commander Corbin was in charge of the Utah complex. He’d held the post for more than ten years. In that time, he’d seen the special ones come and go. Most were killed when they ran out of tests to put them through, but a rare few were kept alive for the purpose of creating the perfect human weapon. During Corbin’s reign, there had only been three of those - two children… and one adult female.
They’d found Alexa by accident as she sent out mental waves. Searching for her father, it wasn’t hard to lead her into a trap with the abandoned kids. The data they’d gathered from her was invaluable. Until her, no adult female had ever been held for more than a month before escaping or starting to go insane. As a result of that, Corbin had been careful to keep her drugged between sessions to prevent a repeat. The power inside was one that resisted being used for any purpose other than light. To make them kill was to drive them crazy from the inside, where the guilt tore them apart.
The government wanted to know how to stop it from happening so these gifted beings could be used at their whims. It was only one of several similar projects still going on across the country, but this was the most important. In this bunker, they were also trying to cross-breed the two DNA strands and produce a genuine species of evolution… one free of Rage Walkers disease, the newest threat to human survival…to male control.
Corbin watched the light above cell #17’s door change to green. She had to know the orders were coming. An escape attempt now was only wise.
The Commander turned toward the button - the one that would send the lights flooding into the halls and expose her - and hesitated. What if she was the one to start the quest?
The Legend of Safe Haven.
Aware of not being alone in the room, the Commander hit the button with a regretful sigh.
The alarm blared loudly; thundering through the halls until running feet were the second loudest sound. Soldiers flooded the bottom floors, searching for the escaped captive, but there was no sign of Alexa or Regan.


6
Alexa was weak physically. Her mental gifts fed off her emotions, as they did with all her kind, but the year of being drugged had turned her into a quivering mass of limp muscles than could only hold her for minutes at a time. When the heavy hands had grabbed her from behind, she hadn’t been able to stop them from dragging her into a dusty closet.
Regan fumbled with his clothes, her robe, forgetting who he was about to hurt with no child around for insurance. He didn’t talk, didn’t need to, and he smiled at her fear as she heard his pants fall.
Alexa turned her head, mind still searching for a way to save the kids, and she allowed his sloppy kiss. His thrusting hips she deflected with her leg, catching him where it hurt most without meaning to.
Regan’s hands went around her throat as he fell, dragging her down, and Alexa gasped for air as he choked her.
Plans ruined, Regan squeezed harder as the waves of pain wracked his flesh. The haze of blood slithered over his sight, and he watched the tears roll down her cheeks in the flickering light of the lantern he’d setup before grabbing her.
Pulling from his lust, Alexa sent a blast of rage into his body that threw him across the small room and into the wall. The kids couldn’t feed from an impure source, but she was already damned and had no such limits.
Regan smacked into the shelves with a heavy thud and slumped to the floor. When he didn’t move, she quickly shoved to her feet and moved toward his unconscious body. In fact, a good meal of killer was just what she needed.

With the alarms going off, the captives that weren’t locked in had come out of their rooms to clog the halls, and it was little trouble to duck her head and pretend to be one of them. Even her healthy energy was covered by the fear and excitement racing through the kids at the news of an escape. They now had as much hope as was tolerable.
Not sure where to go, only that it had to be up, Alexa followed small groups of guards, watching where they went, where they snuck off to. When she felt she had drawn too much attention, she ducked into another closet or dark area, staying a short step ahead of the squad now doing a full search. They’d made a mistake by keeping her presence so low-profile here that their own guards had no idea what she looked like. With Regan’s uniform on, they still didn’t.


7
Corbin watched the dot on the screen get closer and closer to the ground floor, almost willing her to make it. In all the time they’d held her here, there hadn’t been a single whisper of Safe Haven, but the ruthless Commander knew that’s where she would head as soon as she was free. He was sure of it, and the markings on her body were his attempts to make her tell where they’d gone. After a while, he’d realized that if she knew where the legendary city was, she’d already have headed there instead of spending so many months caring for those tattered island children.
But… if Alexa left here now, she would search for it, especially since she had this secret to share with the Alpha male. With her gifts, she stood a real chance of finding it. All they had to do was follow her.
Corbin watched the dot head up the final flight of stairs, amazed no one had stopped her yet. He wouldn’t help her escape, but he wouldn’t do anything else against it either, and the man turned off the tracker before joining his men on the bottom floors to help with the search.
Lurking in the shadows, one of Corbin’s most clever scientists waited for his captor to be gone before stepping toward the screen. He had his own suspicions on why the Commander hadn’t told anyone where the escaped woman was, but he didn’t trigger the second alarm to expose the either of them.
Like his boss, Rab, who had once been known as Paul, wanted to know if Safe Haven really existed, just not for the same reasons. Corbin wanted to conquer it and use its secrets, to fulfill the duty he’d been charged with by those pulling his strings.
Rab wanted to live there. He’d dreamed of a world of peace, where he could be accepted and be with others like himself as they served the human population their Master had died for.
The scientist turned on the tracker in time to watch the small dot exit the compound through a service door used for bringing in fresh supplies. Within minutes, the woman was out of view of even the nearest guard tower, and Rab switched the screen back to darkness.
When Corbin finally found Safe Haven, someone would have to kill him so he didn’t ruin it. Rab secretly hoped he might be the one chosen.

Now
“It took me a week to gather enough weapons and strength to go back. When I got there, the compound was abandoned.”
Alexa’s voice, full of ragged and miserable emotion, snapped the six males back to the darkness around their fire.
Alexa shoved to her feet, suddenly weary. She’d been sure her escape would cause the deaths of those kids, but she’d abandoned them anyway to reach Safe Haven and tell Adrian of what was happening here. It was a sin she would never be free of, but one she would repeat if needed. Nothing would stand in her way.
The woman moved toward the shadows, and the men understood that their dreams wouldn’t be enough to keep her nightmares at bay. She would be on watch all night. Each of them looked to Edward expectantly.
The horseman grinned, eager enough to tell them what he knew of her next adventure.
“The lone woman limped into the Utah town on a sunless afternoon…”

When the tale was finished, the fighters wore stunned expressions that said they weren’t sure if they believed it or not.
"Let's turn in," Edward instructed. Four of the men immediately began preparing for sleep.
Jacob, who had no doubt, met Edward's eye across the fire. "You were the first. You've been with her the longest. Do you regret?"
Edward shook his head. "No. This real life has been all I asked for and more. Come soldiers, magic, or terror, I follow."


9
Rick listened from the darkness, a grinning ghost like he’d been so many years ago outside Safe Haven’s glowing borders.
 He now had a weakness he could use if he was able to take her hostage, which was unlikely, but he knew something that her men did not. After his time around so many with the DNA marker, Rick understood them, what made them work. It hadn’t been the leader-gene that had sent her from the compound alone. It had been the need to right the wrong.
It was who they were, the fixers of the world, and Rick loathed each and every one of them. He might have liked Regan’s job, done it well. The government wanted to use her to create a weapon or a stronger breed of human. Corbin wanted her to find Safe Haven, as did Rick, but he knew better than the commander what might work.
Her bond with these six men was what the one-eyed man hadn’t taken into account. It hadn’t been the lack of knowledge that had allowed Adrian to leave these people behind. Alexa was foolish to think he hadn’t known - the same way Corbin was foolish to think she was strong enough to conquer the bond because she was an Alpha. Those with the DNA marker were sworn to protect – the human race, not their own. He’d left them to save his sheep, the same as Alexa would.
If Rick could kill some of her men or take them from her, she would bargain for them, he had no doubt. After watching Adrian, how he’d lovingly trained and protected his teams, Rick understood better than Alexa herself. When he’d said there wasn’t anything he wouldn’t do, anyone he wouldn’t sacrifice to see Safe Haven thrive, he’d meant his own kind, even his children.
No wonder he had been such a perfect leader, Rick thought cruelly. Only an incredible hard-ass could do that.




Nine


1
Their first sight of Laramie was as they'd thought it would be: isolated and ominous. The graveyard of cattle was particularly disturbing to the fighters. Beef was a rare food now, and the sight of those large bones was reminder of their near extinction.
“Gloves.” Alexa instructed, seeing and hearing what could only be a very healthy insect population. That left their faces uncovered, something the men were all very protective of. When she donned her mask, they did as well. Once the goggles were slid into place, not a single inch of skin was exposed to be bitten.
The water had surrounded the small oasis on three sides even before the waves had crashed downstream and the tremors had widened the banks. Now, the whole area was an island; its treasures unreachable by even a small skiff. The debris in the murky water would refuse to budge for their poles, or maybe it would shift at the wrong time and turn them out into Nature's liquid cemetery. Alexa shook her head. There was no way she would put her men so close to Death's hand.
Edward was grinning, remembering how far he'd come since they'd met in Utah. Without thinking, he began to uncoil the rope around his waist, mind still on the changes their leader had encouraged in him.
The other males followed his lead automatically, drawing Alexa's attention. My right hand, the woman thought, and stared at the row of trees, huge trunks submerged beneath the polluted liquid.
"Tell me how."
Edward straightened his shoulders, proud that he could. "We zigzag, stay over the larger debris to maybe have a few seconds of extra time."
"And if I said we swim?"
Edward too, was now aware that the others were viewing him oddly, but chose only to concentrate on the matter at hand. "I follow your lead."
She showed no reaction, but the horseman still had to fight the urge to fall at her feet as her pleasure rolled over him in waves. His tolerance was only so good, even now.
The woman grunted her approval when he didn't move. "You grow stronger daily."
He was unable to keep the awe from his tone, "Because of you!"
Alexa leaned forward to stroke his cheek softly with her roughened fingertips. "I have a great fondness for you, as well, Edward."
She turned to them with the rarest emotion they ever saw from her - love. "So, of you all."
Alexa moved toward the line of decaying trees, "Now come, my pets. In the dawn’s dim glow, our newest adventure waits."
The Rookies followed carefully, both still a bit stunned to find themselves already so thick into the quest, and they hurried to help with the small camp when she called it. She would have them wait out the darkness, the new men assumed. Traveling at night was not highly recommended, but they didn’t question the order of no fire.
Their camp was cold, basic rations and diversions split among them, as darkness fell thickly upon the post-apocalyptic land. In minutes, there was only an occasional glint of calmly swaying branches and ripples, and then, nothing. Not even a flash of skylight remained to show each other, and yet, there was no fear, no senseless conversations just to be comforted by the sound of their own voices. They were with Alexa and her brightness was clear even in the pitch black.


2
A light flared a short while later, far to their right… then another. Tiny, glowing flames buzzed and dove in the distance, but seemed to get no closer. To their left, a third beam of brightness. This one moved purposefully, heading north, toward Laramie Station, and all six men knew when Alexa stood. Without being told, they followed.
The light appeared to be floating, a carried lantern perhaps, and the seven fighters moved steadily closer, silent despite the unfamiliar ground. They were tracking prey, something each of them instinctively excelled at.
The flame stopped suddenly, very near to the water's mossy edge, and then it vanished. Slowing, the trackers inched closer, watching, waiting.
As the darkness brightened again, the males saw it hadn't been a lantern, but a glow stick wrapped for control of the shine. The man carrying it was bone-thin, but huge - seven feet at least - and easily supporting the weight of two heavy looking  bags over each thick arm. His clothing was black, as was his long beard and hat, but the skin under them was alabaster white and glinted even in the darkness.
"Can passage be bought here, Ferryman?"
The fighters watching were shocked to see Alexa now standing feet from the heavily-muscled giant. Each of them moved silently into place behind her.
Clearly not human, the Ferryman looked like he was half slave, half lumbering beast, and the enormous mounds of his arms said it was true. Each bicep was easily the size of a human chest.
"That and more these days."
His tone was deep, big and yet, quiet. He glanced back at her with only slightly curious black eyes. "For the right price, anything can be."
Alexa dug under her robes without care for his unease, and the movement seemed to break the tension instead of increasing it. Closer now, the other two lights flitted and dove happily around the flooded forest.
A bag sailed through the air, and the jingle of gold was cut off as the big man caught it. Before he could protest, Alexa gestured toward the battered pouch.
"Your price is in there."
Interest growing, the Toll-man peered into the bag and then glared at her. "You know this is far too much."
"You will wait or come back when our time here is finished." Her tone was sharp, and those with her understood their passage out was being secured.
Greed flashed openly as the Ferryman raised a bushy brow. "And if you don't need a way back?"
Alexa smiled coolly, confidently. "Then keep it and owe only a kindness to the next hard-asses to seek passage. How much of a kindness is up to you."
 Unlike Jendon, this one didn't hesitate. "Done."
He pointed at a nearby trunk that was barely visible; it was so dark with decay. "Light a few of those when you're ready. I'll come one click due left of your light."
"We would arrive before dawn."
He nodded again, the pouch disappearing beneath his robe. "Half an hour, Mistress, no longer."
"My thanks, Ferryman."
The tall guide surprised them all by scowling. "For taking you to your death? It’s my honor."
He spun away, and the six males understood her magic was already working on the strangely stoic carpenter. He would come when called.
 Alexa turned to her waiting men. "Lighten by a third. Leave it by that tree. No one will bother it."
Not questioning how that was possible, each of them did as instructed. Her senior men subtly watched to see what she removed. Her true weight was something they were curious about, and when she removed only her long cloak, Billy gave Edward a nod to acknowledge his guess of 125 lb. being right.
With her cover gone, any of them might have expected her to seem less somehow, but the opposite was true. Only the Ferryman stared in surprise - even the rookies knew to only take small glimpses of their leader uncovered.
Alexa was a bright, vivid swell in the darkness, and Edward threw out a hand to keep the Ferryman from falling at her feet. Arms full of his own steel, the fighter gave the huge man a hard shake.
Surprised from the trance, the giant held himself stiffly in place until he was back in control. After a moment, the builder sent an uncomfortable grimace of recognition toward Edward. He stole only a quick look at the woman before turning back to the two large duffle bags he'd set down when she’d stepped from the darkness.
The carpenter began to pull things from the bags, snapping ends together with small clicks. Alexa waited patiently with her men standing in a guard formation around her. The sounds continued steadily and their tension increased. Those noises would echo and draw attention, but seeing how alertly their leader was listening was a comfort. If something or someone came, she would know.
The Ferryman continued to work, and as the outline of a staircase took shape, each of her men immediately dreaded stepping onto it. When it grew, rising unsteadily upward, so did their concern.
The builder set aside the frame to dig through the bags again, coming up with a small gate and a single, two-foot thick concrete block, which he placed near the water's edge. He then put the frame's weakest side on the brick, clicked the gate into place, and surprised all but the woman when he hefted the bags over his shoulders and stepped up onto the first thin stair.
The carpenter went back to building, hands smooth, and when he moved up the next step, the first began to glow. It was a pale, golden light that seemed to pulse in time to his clicks and clacks, as did the next, and the one after. In a groove, he moved faster and higher, creating a golden arc.
"The stairway to heaven," Jacob whispered.
Alexa shook her head, "It was never to there - only a conveyance between hard to reach places, nothing more."
Instructed, when she moved for the bottom stair, they still couldn't stop quick glimpses upward.
"It's safe now for the lightest."
The words seemed to float through the night, spreading into a wide ripple they were sure could be heard much further than they could see. None of her men wanted to be split up, and they were glad when Alexa didn't move.
It also brought relief to their guide. The Ferryman had taken many into Laramie, but only brought back three. He wanted her to be the fourth. The males with her, so dim in comparison, mattered only to her and themselves.
It was just over the half hour mark when his call came again, floating down from far above them, "The bridge is open. Slow and steady now. The bridge is open."
It went out with a wave of power and yet, there was only silence in return.
"Not many takers," Mark cracked.
Alexa snorted as she passed him and moved onto the bridge.
"We come, Ferryman. Paid in full," she stated it softly, but the words rang out, and then echoed up.
"I see you, party of seven,” came the Ferryman’s reply. “Passage is granted. Mind you hit the gate, or owe for those who come after."
Alexa waved Edward to Drag, sure he would remember, and made a curt motion that even the rookies understood. Stay close!
"Waterline. No interaction."
Meaning they wouldn't be alone on the bridge. Each man steadied himself and followed her onto the vividly glowing stairs.


3
The fog swirled around them right away, even though they'd seen none from the ground. The seven fighters moved back and forth in their comforting rhythm as they went up and over the flooded city.
The purplish mist moved thickly around their boots, muting the cracks and groans from the boards under their feet, and the awful sway kept them stepping carefully; the wood beneath them feeling almost soft. It had a slight give that curled stomachs and raised awareness of where they were and what they had signed up for. Above them, the clicks and clacks also went on, the Ferryman building even as they crossed.
"Rookies, down!"
The two men hit the bridge at her command, sending a ripple along the wooden stairs, and Edward shrank back as a huge, dark shadow swooped over them, just missing the newest males.
"Our enemy knows we're here. Rookie-net."
Mark and Billy immediately stepped beside the two men, tying ropes between their waists even as they kept climbing. The ends were handed to Alexa and Edward - Point and Drag - and they went on, connected in four places.
"Kill for me!" a voice roared at them from the purple fog, a female cry of want.
Alexa's tone was hard. “Keep it tight!”
The four men fell in closely to the front and back of the rookies, and they all knew to duck as a rushing noise came from their right.
"Freeze!"
There was only silence as they waited, and an uneasy tension flew through the fog.
Crack! Crack!
Alexa's guns barked loudly and a huge shadow slammed against the bridge above them and then vanished into the purple mist.
"Let's move."
The fighters responded instantly, hauling shocked rookies snugly between them.

They felt it when they reached the very top of the bridge, a cool breeze and a lighter-colored mist marking the start of the climb down.
"Hello on the bridge..."
The six fighters felt Alexa pause and instantly hated the owner of the voice for it.
"We'd cross. Dust for passage."
"I see you, party of four - price to be determined. Mind you close the gate or provide the next Judas a free ride."
Alexa continued down the bridge, her words a bare murmur. "It's the card player from River City. The rat must have known the words."
Her tone became grim. "Or perhaps Jendon is no more."
The men considered that and understood the reason for her pause. To defeat a Troll, the man had to be hard.
It was easy to feel the new feet on the bridge, an extra sway of heavily running boots, and they waited for the trackers to reach the place where the big bird had attacked them... and waited.
"A deal has been made."
The female voice thundered in the darkness, but Alexa's tone held no fear in response.
"She’s a bitter enemy, my pets - the Mother of all nature. Try hard to kill us on this quest, she will. Succeed, she will not!"
Alexa was so sure, the males were able to fall back into their formation with an ease of step not carried by those quickly catching up. It was a feeling that held her men in place as the ground finally became closer and the steps behind them echoed even nearer.
The fog thinned suddenly, rippling to reveal only darkness, and then the Ferryman's voice echoed loudly.
"Party of seven, disembarking. Paid in full."
Alexa grinned at the assistance, waving her men into place as the feet behind them sped up, almost upon them now. When she drew her weapon, so did her men.
Carefully, Alexa moved to the very side of the step, blending into the fog, and the others followed her lead.
She met Edward's sharp eyes, saw his hand tighten on the rope in his grip as he braced, and was pleased he understood what would likely happen next. He'd more than earned the place on her right.
Shadows flew down the steps, parting the fog.
The first to go by was a hulk of a man, the brawn of the group, and his passage tilted Jacob off the edge in the preacher's efforts to go unnoticed.
Edward strained to hold the rope still, to keep Jacob from swinging into the sides. He sensed the rookie might still be in danger despite being out of sight and he was glad when the last shadow went running by, damp cloak sliding across his face like a shroud.
The instant they were gone, Edward began to pull the rope, feeling the rookie's weight, yet no movement, and suddenly he was being jerked right off the step!
"Pull!"
Alexa's tone insisted, and they hefted Edward back onto the bridge. They began to yank on the rope, all very worried for the silent preacher as Alexa threw a handful of dust over the side.
 Emerald light flared, and then there was only gunfire as the fighters saw the army of wood spiders advancing on Jacob's limp form.
The arachnids screamed in protest, but didn't stop at the bullets now flying by the rickety stairs.
Alexa shot one about to grab an unprotected leg and Edward pulled harder on the rope, turning to twist it around himself and provide leverage to haul the rookie up while the others gave cover fire.
"Duck!"
A huge shadow swooped over them, and the woman tossed a second handful of dust. The glittery bone powder settled on the bird's wings in a thick cloud and the flying terror moaned in delight as its molting feathers began to fill with health. Like the tree, the bird was beautiful in its full glory… before it started to die.
"Move!"
Alexa hauled on the rope, and Jacob slid onto the bridge with a thump as the bird began to moan again, this time in pain.
 "Open fire, men!"
Rick's voice was full of victory. He’d followed her knowing the odds of his survival were low, but the past was where he spent most days. If she knew where Adrian and Safe Haven had gone, he could have another chance at redemption… at killing them all.
Bullets slammed into the stairs around the fighters, splintering the wood.
The senior men returned the favor, using the sweeping pattern they'd been taught.
"Uugg!"
A grunt in the darkness, followed by a whooshing noise of a body falling, then a harsh thud as it landed.
"Damn!”
Another lucky shot in the fog and then Alexa was holding up a hand.
Her men stopped firing, all crouched protectively around Mark, who now had Jacob slung over his shoulder.
Footsteps came again, moving away, and Alexa's voice cracked out. "Deny them, Ferryman, and the reward shall be great!"
The bridge trembled as the Ferryman responded with a sudden mist. The enveloping fog, the muffled thuds, and then shouts below, had Alexa’s mocking voice ringing out. "Trapped like the rats you are, Card Player!"
There was no answer.
"Here we come, traitor! Prepare yourself!" she openly mocked and waved only Edward forward as she headed straight down the stairs.
Knowing what she wanted, he ran with her, stabbing at shadows to be sure no one hid in them as they had done.
"Coming to make a man of you!" Alexa roared, her steps no longer light, but shaking the bridge as they descended.
The intimidation worked well, sending them the sounds of two fresh crashes as the Rick's men deserted him.
"And they flee their Master! Mine will never do such, and mine, you shall never be!"

Rick’s fingers fumbled for another magazine, heart thudding in his chest.
"Here we come, traitor! Prepare yourself!"
That tone! It was the blond leader from Safe Haven!
Rick shoved the clip into place, flashes of the past invading. He’d been one of Cesar’s Slavers right after the War, the wolf sent in among the sheep to kill them all. And he’d failed.
"Coming to make a man of you!"
It was Adrian finally seeking retribution for all the death!
Rick heard his men abandon him, and didn’t think to follow. Of all the things he’d been, a coward was never one of them.
"And they flee their Master! Mine will never do such, and mine, you shall never be!"
Rick crouched low, aware he was about to die and ready for it. This time, he’d take the blond leader with him!
Lost in his own mind, the traitor saw the fog part to reveal an angry, glowing man wearing dog tags and a ferocious grin of razor sharp teeth.
“I sentence you to death!” The blond vision bellowed, thundering down on him.
Rick emptied his gun wildly. “Die, damn you!”
Instead, the blonds’ mouth opened, and the spiked teeth quivered in anticipation as he lunged.
“Nonononono…NO!”
Crunch! Thud!
 Fire blazed at the base of the stairs, the screams of the man matching that of nature as the bird finally plummeted to the ground. Its skeleton hit the murky water below and shattered into bone dust.
The wind picked up, grew into a furious blast that ripped up huge, dead limbs. Sprays of water pelted the bridge with an angry barrage that the fighters could only endure with tight grips on ropes and quick reflexes.
A minute later, there was silence…
Before any of them could speak, Jacob stirred from the wetting. Confused at being slung over Mark's shoulder, the preacher paused to glare around, his tone annoyed. "Are we there yet?"
Alexa lips twitched, laughter snorting out, and then the sound was echoing from the men as well.
"Aye, rookie," Edward drawled, slapping Billy on the shoulder in recognition of a good battle that sent mud spraying in a thick splash, "the ground lies just below."


4
“Do we follow?
“At your own risk.” Corbin snorted in response to the guard’s uneasy question as they listened to the gunfire echoing down from the glowing stairs. She’d been easy to track so far, but they would have to wait her out this time. If they attempted to cross that arching gateway, it would collapse, he was sure.
“Should we update? Tell them she has six men now?”
“At your own risk,” Corbin repeated the threat.
Shane wisely fell silent. Clearly, Corbin didn’t want her recaptured yet.
“Why don’t you personally take them a…brief report? Rab will write it up for you.”
Shane nodded, eager to tell those in charge what they’d been expecting to hear, what they were paying so well to know. The Commander had decided not to go back to the complex or the rule of the government… at least, not until he had Safe Haven’s location. After that, he could name his reward and they already knew what he wanted - Alexa.
Corbin looked around. His very human soldiers would be of little use until she was back on the ground. “I want watch towers. They’ll have to come out of there to continue the quest.”


5
The fighters stepped indifferently over the smoldering pile at the base of the stairs as they left the bridge, but the senior men knew Edward would have a story to whisper later. The crunching noise was one they wouldn't forget.
The Ferryman had come to the bottom of the glowing steps, covered in layers of sweat and worry. He hadn't wanted the woman to die, had wanted to warn her of Nature's guardian wings, but his ways and laws were set in the seal. Break them, he could not. The early disembarking call was all he'd been allowed on his own. Denying the first four an exit had only been possible because she'd asked it of him.
Alexa strode confidently from the bridge, ignoring the Ferryman's surprised pleasure at seeing only her party. She tossed him another heavy pouch that he stashed away without viewing its contents.
"I was..."
Turning from his wasteful words, Alexa paused at the edge of the glow from the stairs, sharp eyes evaluating. The Ferryman had brought them down within sight of nothing, and after another moment to let the men have their look as well, Alexa led them into outer edges of Laramie, Wyoming.

Ten


1
It wasn't the same here.
They noticed the differences easily. Instead of dying trees and swampy fields, Laramie was more like a lush jungle now than a cattle town, with odd, uncommon sounds. An owl hooting, frogs croaking softly, it was another world. Isolation hadn't hurt things as badly here, had maybe been able to keep some of the poison from sinking in.
The wildlife they’d missed so far on their trip was also here in abundance - from small shapes of darting rodents and hares, to the wide clouds of insects that hovered around the fruit trees. Their eyes couldn’t keep up with all the movement.
"On your right, rookie!"
Jacob ducked, and the thin green snake hissed angrily as they went on. Curled around a moldy limb, the reptile had been nearly invisible, but not to Alexa's sharp eyes.
The men moved a bit closer to each other and to her, away from the thick trees and weeds that bordered the path she’d chosen. Alexa however, showed no such worry, moving easily. It was her way.
"Last call, one and all. The bridge closes."
The fighters couldn't see it anymore, and there was a slight unease among them when the muffled clacks and thuds came to them. The Ferryman was taking down the bridge. They were securely inside Laramie, with no way out.
"There is always an exit, my pets."
Alexa comforted, and all six of them pushed aside the tension. Now was not a good time for it.
The fighters saw the light at the same time, heard the moan.
"Help... mercy."
Alexa and her hard-asses found him around the next bend of the trees, and they approached the rat carefully despite the left leg bent behind him at an ugly angle. Mosquitoes were currently eating him alive in tiny plunges.
"Mercy, lady?"
The blonde ran quick eyes over the other corpse that had deserter the Card Player, gun still holstered, and her tone was unnaturally gentle. It made her men brace.
"Aye, pawn. You've earned it now, I think."
His eyes filled with relief too soon.
Crack!
 Calmly reholstering, Alexa turned back to the faint path. "’T'was a bullet more than you deserved."
 Each of the men moving to catch up felt the reminder, the warning that deserters would be dealt with harshly, but it was not a great concern for any of them. They knew their own minds, and there was no other place, no matter how safe, they would rather be than with her.


2
The dawn's meager light was nearly an hour away when the woman stopped them with a silent hand.
Now free of the insect clouds that had been hovering, they waited patiently, hunters’ eyes seeing rabbit, deer, and wolf tracks. There would be fresh meat if one of them could get a clear shot with their blade. Wasting bullets to hunt was against the blonde's rules. If they missed with a knife, then they ate whatever they were carrying for such a time or nothing at all.
Alexa made a sharp left, moving into the thickest part of the jungle, and the land grew silent around them. On the trail now, she went a bit faster, still making no noise. Her men tried hard to do the same as the thick, damp branches clung to their cloaks and dove under their muddy boots to trip them.
"Tracks."
The men's eyes were unable to make them out beneath the half a decade of debris, but doubt her, they did not. After a moment, they too could feel the metal rails under their boots. She'd found a train track to lead them to the station. In the distance, the bridge noises had stopped.
The jungle thickened as they walked, becoming a nuisance to get through, and the ground grew damp. They were nearing the edge of the flood plain.
"Someone go to higher ground."
Edward gestured to Billy, who scaled a nearby tree like he was part monkey. Agile, he made motions that Edward translated in the dim light now creeping over the horizon.
"Woods for two more clicks in our direction… then a building, rectangular, one floor… can't see around it for the trees." There was a short pause. "Ripples to our right by one click and again to our left by triple that."
There was silence as they waited for Billy to come down. The driver spoke softly. "There might be the wall of a town beyond the building - hard to be sure."
Alexa turned them back to the track path in time to spot another danger. "To your left, rookie."
This time it was David who ducked a dark shape flying at him. Caught off guard, the blacksmith flushed, loathing being embarrassed. A second later, the large bat went crashing into the forest behind them.
Ahead, Alexa's voice was overflowing with triumph. "Excellent."
Not sure exactly how he'd brought the bat down - he hadn't even moved except to duck - David fell back into formation, content that he'd at least pleased her somehow.
The two clicks went fast, mud now squelching, pulling hard on them.
The jungle ended abruptly, cut off by a crumbling wall of bricks they moved over carefully. Ahead of them, lay what they'd come for.
The station house itself was a dark, vine-covered shape in the distance, and the layers of train tracks spread out across the area in front of it like a web. But, on those tracks, was nothing. No railcars, no maintenance vehicles, no other signs that the old world had ever existed - just tracks and water.
Alexa's eyes swept the small station, seeing how the murky liquid was slowly covering the ground around it. "Underwater, all of them."
The train cars were in the far corner, and the stagnant water rippled gently over top of them. Car after car, glinting occasionally with the movement of the debris-laden liquid.
"I assume we all swim?"
The rookies nodded, her senior men's skills already proven, and she led her group forward.
Alexa moved toward a single line of cars that were away from the others. Mostly buried in muck rather than water, the mud pushed up to their ankles as they neared it. Dark, ominous slop shifted under their boots, and Alexa halted them, free hand bringing out a pouch of dust.
She tossed it ahead of them, and instantly, the marsh grass burst into life. As it grew, the ground under them seemed to tighten, firming up enough to stand on without sinking. She threw another handful, stepping forward, and they made their way closer as the bone dust caused the quickly growing greenery to drain the water in their life spurt.
Alexa threw a last handful on the ground outside the large railcar, and the water receded a full foot, showing them the edge of a door.
"Use your own pouches to knock it back a bit further, but carefully. Too fast and it may sink deeper."
The men sprinkled it under her watchful eye and the earth under their feet grew, groaned, and became solid.
Now partially uncovered, half of the car remained buried in the mud and would have to be dug out unless their fearless leader had another trick up her sleeve.
She did. The blonde had drawn on her carry bag and calmly ate one of the juicy apples they'd gathered. Around them, the lush weeds were dying as fast as they could, becoming instant, absorbent mulch.
When she was down to the core, Alexa placed it behind the railcar's door and then dumped the last of her dust over it.
Like its parent, the tree grew fast, and the roots began to shoot through the mud like arrows.
Crack!
The boxcar moved, lifted by the apple tree roots growing under it, and then the fighters were moving back as the rest of the seeds burst into life.
Bang! Thud!
The adventurers retreated several yards, watching as each seed absorbed the dust. The men waited resignedly for the dying to begin, but were surprised when there was only silence and the thick smell of ripe fruit.
"On seeds, dust gives quick life that remains, but the fruit rots the instant it is picked."
Always teaching, Alexa plucked an apple from the nearest branch and bit into it. Before she could chew, it turned to a black dust that fell from the corners of her mouth and hand.
She gathered enough saliva to spit with. "Edward and Mark – up. Billy and Daniel, down."
That left the rookies, and neither of them hesitated to go after her when she pried the door open and disappeared inside the sloppy darkness.
Very aware of how much noise they'd just made and unwilling to admit to how much it bothered them to let her get out of their sight, the four men on guard stayed very alert, each hoping the rookies were all that Alexa's choice of them said they were.


3
Despite being mostly underwater, the skids of supplies were neatly stacked and though dirty, not all damaged. Molded, paper-thin material covered the area that was no longer underwater.
Alexa stepped carefully through the ankle-high debris, glad this car was still half buried in the mud. It would muffle their noises from the animals now calling this swampy station home.
"Seven of each. No more."
Alexa moved toward the farthest stack of cans, soupy brown water rippling away from her boots, and the rookies moved uneasily toward a nearby skid as she faded into the dimness. None of them liked being split from her, no matter the distance, and then there was the way she didn't make any sounds. It sometimes made them wonder if they'd imagined her. The new men, already under her spell, felt it more strongly than those who knew this was reality now, but it was an uneasiness that was strictly hidden.
The skids nearest to the door were useless, crushed cans that had exploded in the heat, and the faint scent of tomatoes now floated to those waiting outside, wishing they would hurry.
The rookies carried armloads of their find out of the railcar one at a time so Alexa was never alone, and the men watching were pleased. It wasn't that they were afraid she couldn't handle what came or even that she might vanish and leave them defenseless. It was more a feeling of duty to watch out for her in exchange for her letting them come along.
The small stack of cans and jugs grew steadily and with Alexa's load, it nearly doubled.
"Get it split up. We'll lay it by when we make camp."
Each fighter took one of everything, placing it in a single, bulky duffle bag they pulled from their belts. Later, when there was a fire, they would verify the goods were still edible and then smoke them to reduce what they would carry.
"No water."
Edward's comment drew a nod from the woman, "We'll need to keep searching."
"Which car?"
That was the problem, and she didn't answer the Edward's question.
It was impossible to tell what the submerged railcars held, and there was only enough dust left to help uncover one.
"David will choose."
The blacksmith was surprised, but didn't hesitate to step forward and run his eyes over the sunken tracks.
"We'll hear your thoughts, too,” she instructed. It was his turn to teach them something. It was how they’d already made it this far. What one of them could do, the others could as well.
"The weight of the train has to be evened out. Things that are very heavy will either be split among every car, which is unlikely, or there will be a number of heavy cars together."
David looked around carefully. "Bottled water was very popular before the War. Most trains would have been carrying it, no matter their destination, and these are clearly packed for a trip out..."
His sharp mind calculated the distance of water they could see. "Only 5 cars on this one... can't be sure." He moved around the side to stare at the next row. "Maybe."
The rookie kept moving, fully into the process of elimination, and Alexa waved two of her men after him, staying with the tree-bound snipers.
Minutes later, all four were moving quietly back to her, the new man in the lead.
"Ten rows up, the cars are deeper, heavier, I think. A few hundred yards in, the cars almost vanish from sight. Very heavy. I want to go under to see the markings. I'm almost sure it's a liquid goods lineup."
"Three hundred yards. We don't have enough dust for even a quarter of that," Edward stated, knowing Alexa would never send them into water of any kind, without a better reason.
"I'm fairly sure we can stay on top of the cars all the way, but we'd be up to our knees by that point," David remarked, clearly not liking his own idea.
Alexa looked at Billy. "Anchoring points?"
"A metal post. No way to know how sturdy it is after all this time."
"Show me."
Without being told, the snipers followed, never allowing themselves to be split up or out of sight. They moved from shadowy branch to damp ground and back carefully. If anyone came, they would see only five and begin their plans with a dangerous underestimate that could cost them the battle.
Alexa's eyes went over the softly shimmering sea of submerged railcars, agreeing with David's choice. The water they needed was there. Now, they had to get to it.
"Daniel, tell us why this plan won't work."
His words were fast. "It'll be easier to show."
Alexa gave her approval, pleased with his methods. "As you would."
Daniel drew his Colt first and then handed the end of his waist-rope to Alexa, making the rookies take an uneasy glance around to verify that what the others were doing, what they should be. No one else had moved and the new men turned back to see Daniel climb up onto the first roof.
The murky liquid rippled outward gently and all of them were relieved to see the huge car not shift under his weight. Daniel moved forward and the metal groaned in protest, but held.
"Movement, twenty yards to the right."
Daniel stopped at Mark's call from the trees, waiting.
"Fifteen yards."
The rookies tensed, now understanding Daniel was putting himself in danger to teach them something important.
"Ten."
They both wanted to call it off now, but already knew Alexa wouldn't allow it.
"Five and comin' fast."
Daniel began to ease back carefully, keeping his eyes on the churning waves they could all see.
"Three...two...now!”
A greenish gold shadow leapt from the water, sending dark droplets spraying, and Daniel jerked back to let it sail by.
As it went over the railcar, clearing it easily, they all saw it snap hungrily at the fighter with a mouth full of spike-like teeth.
"Three more, on your left."
Daniel moved quickly from the car and watched the faces of the new men as the show began.
The three amphibians leapt from the water at nearly the same time and were met by the first, taking a second try. Teeth lunged like darts, and blood sprayed as all four hit the water.
"Did it have legs?"
"What the hell..."
The questions were stopped by a noise that brought images of water rushing, and then there was movement everywhere.
Large, fishlike grasshoppers were jumping out of the muddy brown water, jaws clamping down on anything in reach, and each vicious snap triggered another rush of predators to the disturbance.
Large fish snatched the scaled hoppers in mid-flight and then even bigger carp swallowed those. The surface was alive with carnage, the hungry animals were frenzied, and Alexa moved her men back to the cover of the thicker trees.
The noise went on for a long time, and while they waited, the woman pulled things from her pockets and placed them on the damp ground. Not sure if the hoppers could survive on land, the males watched alertly.
By the time the water was deceptively still again, Alexa had slip-knotted a length of rope that was nearly a hundred feet long. To one end, she had attached a clever pulley system that could be placed around a tree for more leverage. There was no going into the water, so they would have to pull the railcars out of it instead... but by themselves?
"Billy, Daniel. Find a Mule."
It was a rare thing for Alexa to allow the group to be split for any length of time, but question her, they did not.
"In the far back corner, there are drums of kerosene. We'll need them all."
The rookies moved that way without waiting to be told, and Alexa sent Mark after them before turning to the blacksmith. "We have to clear these tracks, up to the first switchover plate. I'll pry, you guard."

For the next hour, there was only the sound of their work and a jungle of unnatural creatures watching. These animals stayed back, afraid of the woman and her fighters, but they whispered to each other and to the winds. Man had returned.


4
Luckily, the Mule was near the changeover points and still on solid ground. Once the tracks were cleared, and the plates manually forced open, five of them carried drums to the waiting engine. Kerosene was really only number one diesel fuel, and with the way it had been stored, it should still be usable. It wouldn't work as well or for as long, but it should buy them enough power to move the sunken goods.
Alexa pried the cap off the Mule's front end, glad to see no pockets of water resting on the bottom of the tank. There wasn't much fuel left, but the fumes were harsh, and all of them stayed upwind as they carefully poured the drums of kerosene into the tank. It was only half full when they were done .
Alexa waved Billy forward. "You drive. We'll ride."
Billy quickly pulled himself up into the huge transport machine. Used for hauling railcars around the station, the Mule was basically half an engine car with twice the amount of pulling power - perfect for their needs.
Billy turned the key that he found in the ignition, but there was no response. He nodded to Daniel. "Give us a spark."
The biker pulled a very compact charger from beneath his cloak, glad he'd chosen not to leave it when they lightened their weight before crossing the golden bridge. He hooked it up easily, and a minute later, the yellow diesel engine light on the dash flickered to life.
"... oldies but goodies, folks and we're gonna play them..."
Billy hit the button, ejecting the cassette with a frown. Who the hell put a tape player in a Mule? You'd never be able to hear it, even at that volume. The light on the console went out, telling him the engine was warmed up, and he pushed the button with braced ears.
The engine belched out only a small cloud of smoke in protest before the Mule roared to life hungrily. In the distance, those odd, nervous creatures watching them fled for dens and sentries. The Mother would have to be told. Man was not allowed to be here!
It took them almost an hour to move the Mule into position. They had to run it over two other sets of tracks, and it made all of them, including the woman, worry silently whether there would be enough fuel left to pull the railcars out.
It was hot, sweaty work to get the ends attached, and they had to use Alexa's pulley system to close the last five feet because of a dip in the tracks. The rails hadn't split, but they were close as the weight of the Mule rolled across them to be locked into place.
The men on duty kept their eyes sweeping continuously for trouble. As long as they'd been here now, making this much noise, anyone could be nearby, waiting for them to do all the work before trying to take it from Alexa's hands. Edward stopped a grin at that thought, and then sent his attention back to the watch. He'd like to see someone try. As annoyed as she was with how long this was taking, few would stand a chance.
"All right. Slow jerks forward until it breaks loose, and then slow and steady over the shifting debris."
Until, not if. There was no doubt for the woman that it would move, and because of her belief, the males were also sure of it. If Alexa said it, then it must be so. She'd proven herself over and over on their trek.
The biker signaled he was ready, and the others moved back.
Alexa drew her Colts, eyes on the water. When her men did the same, she grunted in satisfaction. "Jacob, stay with Billy."
The preacher pulled himself up onto the footrails of the loudly idling engine.
She sent David to the other side. "Stay with them."
It was an order they took well, expressions indicating that nothing would happen to the driver while they were watching.
Alexa circled a finger in the air, and Billy opened up the throttle, giving a single, vicious jerk.
The engine shot forward against the taut ropes, sending a jarring vibration down the length of every car, and then out into the center of the water.
Oddly muted, metal noises came to them as debris shifted, and then there was only the engine for a count of five and the calmly rippling water while Billy waited for her call to go again. Alexa spun a finger.
Billy gave another hard pull, eyes watching in the mirror as the violent shudder spread into the muddy water. Debris was moving under the surface. Floating freely to see air for the first time in half a decade, the brackish water around the cars began to brighten as the bottom silt moved.
"Here they come. Movement from all sides," Mark called. Alexa gave the motion to pull it again.
"There's something big about fifty yards center. Huge."
Edward sounded nervous, and Alexa took a few steps back to ease his concern as the third jerk's ripple sent more movement through the water.
There was a dull thudding noise from the railcars, and the woman indicated through the window. "Pull them out now."
Billy increased the power and let the Mule do its job without holding back. It lunged forward, straining, and the sounds of groaning metal overpowered the noise of the engine.
Water ripples swelled as more debris floated to the top, and the Mule lunged again, sending another shudder through the water.
"Five yards. Get set."
The Mule strained, engine growing louder, and a horrendous noise made the rookies wince as the railcars began to inch forward.
Then the air was moving too, and the men all struggled not to open fire until she did.
The hoppers were flying onto the moving railcars, covering them while trying to bite the train into submission. They attacked the lead car repeatedly, hitting each other in the process as more and more of the mutated insects joined the offensive.
The railcars were moving slowly now, inches at a time, sending heavy sprays over the area and lifting the surface of the water in an endless fall of mud and debris.
The hoppers clung to the cars, each one covered as it slid from the angry waves, and Alexa fell back further, pacing the Mule. The people hadn't been noticed yet, the furious mutations intent on the moving cars, and another disturbance in the water drew attention.
This one was a huge swell that pushed up and out to the left of the emerging railcars. The seven fighters had time to register bulging, intelligent eyes, and then the creature was back under the ripples. What the hell?
There was no time for more as the railcars began to roll easier, faster, bringing hundreds of the sharp-toothed mutations onto the land. The hoppers looked as wrong as they felt, and the fighters watched their large, clumsy jumps with outrage and twitchy trigger fingers. Such abominations offended them all, and grips tightened on guns, eager for Alexa to call it.
The slight movement of their hands drew buggy eyes toward them, and the warriors braced as they were spotted. Nearly two hundred of the hungry hoppers were out of the churning waves now, with more lunging for each car as it rose from the flooded land.
Near the waterline, another large ripple began. Drawn by the noise and vibrations, the amphibian moved uneasily onto land for the first time since the war.
Enormous and always hungry, the toad immediately began snapping up the chaotic hoppers as they dropped from the cars. Hoppers squealed in terror and rage and the mutations further away turned back at the cries. Then they attacked!
The fighters watched in amazement as the hoppers began to jump on the toad, their sharp teeth drawing croaks of pain as blood and poison hit the air.
It was brutal, and the warriors followed Alexa as she backed further into the shadows of the trees, but none of their eyes left the battle. If the hoppers lost, Alexa would be next, her senior men were sure. She wouldn't allow a threat like that to live unopposed.
The toad was being driven back into the water, its barbed tongue doing little damage against so many. Blood sprayed again as one of the reptile's eyes was scooped out by a furious mouth, and the men felt Alexa relax when the squirming, chirping mass fell below the churning water. Without its sight, the threat wasn't so great that she would have to step in.
Drawn, the other hoppers had mostly headed for the water as well, and when Billy brought the Mule to a jerky stop, only a few dozen green and gold mutations remained near them. Those few were moving slower now, bodies gasping, and they began to collapse.
"They can't take this air for long," Alexa explained. "They need to be around a water source."
Her voice was very low, but it still made two of the mutations twitch their way, and it was shocking to see how fast the woman killed them.
Her blades made only an unnoticed thud in the ground, both creatures dead before the hilts stopped moving. Clean shots that impaled, it was an unneeded, but still powerful thing for the rookies to see. She was more somehow, and it was a comfort during this newest horror.
Billy had stopped with the line of railcars well out of the water, but the group stayed still until not only the hoppers nearby were dead, but the surface of the water was still. It was impossible to know what sounds would draw the mutations back out.
The train cars were covered in mud. Brown water ran from them in large streams and the green and black silt was thick on the sides and top.
The Mule cut off, and the silence in its wake was deafening. They noted the stopping of the engine had no effect on the creatures lurking in the water, and they felt a bit easier as Alexa pulled a small tool from her belt and held it out to David. "Pick."
The blacksmith concentrated and moved only a few yards before pausing. The two cars he was eying looked the same to the other men, but there was little doubt he'd seen a sign the rest of them had missed when he pointed to one.
David chose the car with no debris blocking its lock and quickly slid the cutters from his belt against the slippery metal. It didn't want to give up its treasures, but the new man was used to working with unforgiving metals and the chains fell to the ground with a loud clank a moment later.
All eyes went to the water, waiting.
There was no response, and Alexa motioned Jacob and Billy forward to open the door. Water gushed out as they forced it back, thick and brown, and it rinsed the side enough for the others to see a logo - Ice Mountain.
The bottles and jugs were mostly undamaged and the fighters filled their canteens and watertight pouches happily. Their only displeasure came from having to leave so much behind. There was enough fresh water here to last them for months.
Alexa felt their concern, and her tone was thin. "It will serve others as well. Do not covet, my pets. Our needs have been met, and it is more than enough."
Chastened, their feeling of loss eased. When the woman began to get set for travel, her men followed. They'd gotten what they’d come for. Now, they had to get back out.
The rail yard shack was a one-room hut made of cheap wood that had warped in the onslaught of water. The light they’d seen was only an illusion caused by the glow of a sunray off of the metal roof of a railcar.
They moved around the crumbling shack carefully, ignoring the slight sounds that suggested someone might be lurking inside. The ghosts of the past were not to be disturbed unless you could pay the price for such a grievous error in judgment or such desperate need.
As they rounded the corner of the shack, Alexa stopped them, hand up in alert.
On the ground near the shacks broken window, was a body. Not a skeleton, this one was fresh and not mauled by hoppers. This one was missing a head, and the ground under the jean-clad woman was stiff with dried blood. Her skin was full of holes, the insects already dining, and Alexa sent her boots onward. A small cloud of gnats followed, and she stepped faster to leave them behind.
The ground gradually dried as they headed away from the station, and Alexa didn't call a break for lunch, instead having them eat on the move. There was enough on each of them for two full weeks, and even the soreness at the end of the day from the fresh weight would be a welcome price to pay.
Alexa moved them steadily north, not one to sit and wait for darkness so they could call the Ferryman, and the wilderness around them became a full jungle again soon after the railcars were out of sight.
It was lush; a thick oasis of green mixed with debris, and none of them spoke as they walked. The uncommon surroundings had them all a bit uneasy, and even Alexa flinched when an unfamiliar noise for any area, floated through the trees.
It was a sound none of them, not even the blonde, expected to hear. It was out of place and uncommon to any of the devastated towns they'd come through, but here, it was a shock - an omen.
"Waaa..."
The child's cry was miserable, piercing…and impossible to ignore.
Alexa paused, calculating blue eyes dazed as she concentrated.
Her men wondered if she would seek out the source to ensure the baby (it could only be that from the bewildered wails) had someone to care for it.
Alexa moved suddenly, tracking the noise, and her men followed contentedly. Apparently so.
"Waaa..."
It was pitiful, desperate, and the blonde's pace increased. It was as though she were being pulled, and the men stayed close as they spotted the outside wall of a small village.
Eleven



1
Laramie Estates had clearly been a secluded community even before the war.
Its design was round: eight buildings in a circle, connected by a high, stone wall with thin, narrowly arched doorways. A wide, brick walk made a neat oval turn to the center, where a community well sat, made of oddly colored stones, many with deep furrows. The rocks around the well were falling, crumbling into dusty debris that was spotted with white droppings.
Most of the small engineering village remained intact, even mud-splattered glass was still in most of the small windows, and yet, there was a feeling of horror that lurked heavily over the courtyard. Shadowy doorways greeted their passage as they entered, and each of the fighters had a hand resting on a holster.
"Waaa..."
It came from the well, there was no doubt. Confusion was first, then suspicion, and Alexa directed her new men to the center of their group as they began a sweep of the dark homes that surrounded them.
"Waaa..."
The blonde ignored the weakening cry; she needed to be sure they cleared each and every room which might hold an ambush, and the sounds of the baby's distress followed their movements relentlessly.
The houses were all designed the same - simple three bedroom flats with a short attic space. The once colorful decor suggested these families had been South American. Beds were still neatly made, although cabinet doors were gone, revealing fully stocked shelves. With the rail yard so close, starvation hadn't been their enemy. What had?
As if in answer to their thoughts, daylight broke suddenly, the rare sun bright, and the miserable cry cut off.
The silence it left was uncertain, almost hostile with a new energy, and Alexa circled her men back to the exit, waiting. The shadows there were enough to shield them from the sun's glare and from view as they listened tensely for whatever was coming. They didn't have to wonder for long.
A large shadow hit the ground across the courtyard, ominous in the size and the whoosh of its wings. The bird moved like a streak, heading straight for the well as Alexa and her men watched, stunned again by what they were seeing. Had the baby known the bird was coming? Was the sun its alarm?
The vulture was as tall as Alexa and its wingspan was nearly double that. Huge and heavy, its body was unable to fit through the average opening. Angered, the enormous bird dug its claws into the crumbling stone, causing a large chunk to crack off under its powerful talons.
The hungry predator gave a shrill cry of excitement, trying to squeeze its head through again. It was clearly digging its way to the infant. Was its parent down there too? Unlikely. Who could let a baby cry that way and not comfort it? Alone then. But not for long.
The vulture paused suddenly, its long, red beak tilted into the air as if it had smelled something. Had they been scented? The fighters got ready.
The bird let out a furious screech, broad wings unfurling to make an escape, and the rock under its talon crumbled. The piece fell into the well, and the child's startled cry snapped the vulture's attention back. It hesitated, torn.
There was silence from the baby after the one surprised wail, and the mutation turned ugly yellow eyes on the shadowy doorway where they stood. It was as if it knew they were there, but couldn't match their scent, thanks to the dried mud covering them like a shield.
As the bird flexed, turning slightly, each of the fighters saw a gaping wound and understood that not only were body shots useless, but this was the terror that had taken the villagers, leaving no destruction, no signs of a battle. Its nest would be a different thing all together.
"Cry," Alexa muttered so softly, only Edward and Mark heard, and the sound rose obediently from the darkness.
"Waaa..."
Full of hope and fear, the bird could resist no more than the fighters. It turned back to the well, shoving its fat head into the hole to let out an unearthly shriek, and Alexa led her men out of the shadows.
The woman drew as she moved, cold blue eyes now blazing with outrage, and the bird pulled back much too late to avoid her shockingly good aim.
Crack! Crack!
The bird’s eyes vanished into a splatter of gore, and Alexa opened up her Colts.
As she fired, a second big shadow swooped down into the courtyard. This bird wasn't as large, but its smaller size made it fast, and it ran toward her warriors with piercing shrieks of fury.
"Rookies down!"
The two men dropped, and Alexa spun, guns blazing. The bird was hit, but it only slowed. It was Jacob, with his .357, that made it pause.
He fired twice from the hip and the smaller vulture screamed in pain as its eyes became gushing wounds. It struck out in panic, rushing forward, and the preacher fired again, emptying his newly given guns.
The smaller bird staggered, wings flapping in an attempted escape, but Alexa and the others had finished off the first predator and were there to back the preacher up as he reloaded. The vulture took hit after hit, blood spraying the plaza.
A minute later, there was only silence again.
"Injuries?"
There were none, and Alexa nodded, pleased. "Very good."
As she moved toward the well, the smallest vulture chose that moment to strike, using its dying force to lash out at her.
Crack!
From only feet away, Jacob blew half of the bird's head off before it clamped down on her leg. Blood and gore splattered those closest, and the vulture thumped to the ground.


2
"Jacob, Mark get the child. Billy, David, sniper watch."
There was no discussion of the short battle, only duty calling.
Alexa tensed when her men disappeared into the well, but didn't follow or call them back. This is why they were with her. Alone, she had no hopes to help others. With these males, that didn't have to be, and this child would be the first of many.
It was impossible to guess how long the vultures had been coming to this village for food, but the stones on the well were nearly broken through, and it eased her hurting heart to know that their reign of terror was over.
"Coming up."
Alexa kept her eyes on their surroundings, fighting the urge to yank them topside herself. Control was the key, and she governed her face into the impassive mask her father had always worn. She would train them as he had trained her, and in a year's time, there would be little they couldn't handle together.
"It sleeps as though it hasn't in a while."
The preacher gently handed the bundle to Alexa, who immediately uncovered its head.
Swaddled in a black blanket with not even a spot of dust on it, the baby was breathtaking in contrast. Ivory skin with stunning yellow ringlets, its beauty was remarkable, but even more so was its condition.
Healthy, pristine even, and Mark opened his hand to give a theory on why. "These were all around its basket." They were bones.
"Impossible!"
Daniel spat, as if offended by the very idea, but Mark was shaking his head. "Not if he's something more."
The biker frowned, "And by more, you mean?"
The convict's words were tolerant. "More than human."
Daniel's eyes looked to Alexa as understanding came. Perhaps the child was like their strange, hard leader.
Proving the idea, the baby stirred, yawning, and sunlight glimmered off of moist, white fangs.
Each of the males took a startled step back, but Alexa only curled the child more securely into her grip and turned for the nearest doorway.
"Guard stays the same. Jacob, set us up. We'll leave when it's dark enough to signal for the bridge."
The baby didn't wake at all, and the men noticed how careful their leader was not to let the bright sun burn down onto his skin. They also saw she had the look and feel of a mother now that there was a child to be cared for, but none of them asked if she was. Too many of them had lost people in the War to bring up so painful a subject.
Faced with half a day's wait, the group found useful things to do, such as preparing the fresh supplies they'd gathered. There was sewing, smoking, drying, and through it all, they watched Alexa with the baby, hiding their thoughts from each other as well as from her.
That kind of happy family life had vanished when the first nuclear bomb slammed into their homeland. Not to mention, that was no ordinary woman and child, but a... Thoughts trailed off there. Alexa's origins were as foreign to them as the baby's.
Alexa studied the infant intently, thinking the pall of horror had not lifted with its rescue, and she wondered again, what to do next. They could not bring a child on this quest, and yet, leave him to fend for himself, she would not.
A hand moved carefully around her, holding out a small vial with a thick, reddish liquid. "He'll be hungry when night falls."
Alexa sat the bottle near the basket and waved Mark into the chair. "Tell me."
"Only what I've read and never really believed in," the criminal warned.
She nodded as if to say that was accepted.
"Vampyre."
Alexa scowled, and he drew back, ready for her censure.
"Figures."
The convict was shocked, and the woman shrugged. "They are a type of walking dead, are they not? Our country is plagued with such now. The War cracked the gates, and the night has begun to slip through. I'm only surprised we haven't seen more of it."
Her words were a painful, terrifying trigger back to the War, to where they'd been, and only Alexa's eyes remained focused on the future. They had an infant they now suspected was more than human. The woman used Mark's description with a curl of her lips. More than, indeed. Should they turn him loose, or endanger themselves trying to take him where he belonged? Like the Trolls, the new world's vampires also traveled these roads. How to even begin such a fool's...Her eyes narrowed. Like the Trolls. "Jendon."
All but the new men understood.
"Perfect. He'll know where."
She settled back contentedly at Edward's comment. "Yes. As defenders of the undead called back to service, they will be guarding a hive of their own. Jendon can take the child there."


3
Outside, their clear day faded into a chilly dusk with grim skies and a bite to the wind. It was time to go.
The stinking carcasses were untouched by predators when the fighters slipped through the darkening archway, each of them refreshed from a short sleep.
"Burn it."
Jacob and Mark lit a torch and made a lap of the village, setting fire to the dark and decaying trees on the perimeter. Daniel and Edward ran alongside as guards.
Next to her, David was studying the wind deeply. She knew a little more of him now. He liked to cross his arms over his chest, even when he slept, and in one of his pockets, was a small photo album where he was already keeping scraps of their travels. From Laramie, he was taking the small bones found with the baby.
Alexa met his eye over the flickering fire. “How are things?”
The blacksmith didn’t hesitate. “Under watch.”
Alexa nodded, voice resigned. “I thought maybe we’d picked up more rats, but I’d hoped to be wrong.”
David gave a brutal smile. “We’ll handle it.”
Alexa had no desire to stay and watch the brittle trees blaze. She shifted the pack more firmly onto her shoulders, the sleeping infant inside. "Aye. Let's go."
 The flickering shadows of the swampy jungle faded, leaving only the distant glare of the fire, and the night began to settle in around them. As if on cue, the child's eyes opened.
"The bottle now."
Mark quickly placed the sealed vial in the baby's tiny, outstretched hand, and those closest watched in fascination as the child agilely twisted the cap and began to drink.
 A minute later, the glass fell to the forest floor, and the baby let out a loud belch, followed by a giggle. Alexa got them moving again as the child played contentedly with her braids.
The other normal needs of a baby never presented themselves, and the group reached a small clearing a short time later. In the distance, clicks and clacks could be heard. Carried on the sharper wind, it was a sound all of them were glad to hear.
Laramie's outskirts hadn't been extremely dangerous, but it was certainly stranger than most of the places they'd come through so far, and the males were glad, for once, that Alexa didn't seem to want to explore. Not all of the city was under water, and the tallest peaks in the shadowy distance were actually vine-and debris-covered buildings.
The clearing was covered with large rocks and boulders, and the blonde got them set with short words. Something didn’t feel right about this and it was more than the child. "Ten minutes, full guard."
The others showed the rookies where to be, and Alexa gently took the child from her back and laid him against a natural rise in one of the moss-covered boulders.
As she did this, a new sound rose through the blackness behind them - a shriek of unbearable loss. Incredibly loud, it was earsplitting despite the distance, and her men fell into a tighter circle around her and the baby.
"Momma."
A first thought was to mistake the word for the confusion of a lonely, abandoned toddler, but this was no ordinary baby, and Alexa understood instantly. "Your momma. Wonderful."
She evaluated for a split second and then spun a finger. "Fall in line, my pets, and cover those throats. His guardians are coming."
Alexa drew with her left hand, barrel pointed down, and her men did the same, following her one, hard rule - do what I do.
The jungle around them was silent.
Alexa looked away from the child for only a split second, but it was enough. Hungry, starving for fresh blood, the infant lunged for her arm.
His fangs sank deep into her wrist, but to the shock of her men, Alexa only held the baby closer. An instant later, the forest parted.
There were three of them. Ivory skin covered with ragged black cloaks, their beautiful, furious faces were made ugly by glowing red eyes that promised no mercy. A man in front, flanked by two snarling females, Alexa's army waited for it to begin.
Alexa, however, noticed the concern in those evil eyes. These were not killers, only survivors. Not that those long fingers wouldn’t rip out the throats of her men in defense. Still, it was better than an enemy who had no weakness.
It was a long moment as the trio took in her neatly lined-up males and then lingered on the feeding child.
Without wincing, she shifted the baby more firmly into the crook of her arm. "Your family has come, little one."
At her words, the baby's head spun, fangs ripping from her flesh. Alexa used her sleeve to gently wipe her blood from the corner of its perfect mouth.
"Momma!"
The baby strained for the female with the stunningly round face, like a china doll.
Alexa moved forward, "Of course."
She switched him to her other hand as she moved, and it was Edward who thought to come forward with a bandage to cover the wound. He did it while they walked and the horseman stayed on her right as she stepped confidently to the surprised vampires.
The trio of blood-takers flinched backward only half a step at her movement, merciless eyes narrowing in warning. She watched their fangs extend and voiced her thought.
"He's a very interesting baby. Will he stay this way or grow?"
Alexa's question threw them off, breaking the tension a bit, and the doll-faced woman looked to the male.
He didn't respond, and the female's eyes lost some of their fervor as Alexa gently put the struggling infant into her cold arms.
The six fighters watched her linger - so close to death! - to run a steady finger over one rosy cheek.
"We sought only to save him, nothing more."
The mother, her baby back in her arms, nodded slowly, and the man lost some of his menace as well. Maybe this could end peacefully.
The other female however, had been carefully inching closer to the undefended men, the very human men.
Alexa's voice cracked out like a whip. "I'm still close enough to take his life for any of theirs!"
The sneaking female froze, and the male gestured angrily, snarling something none but the vampires understood.
The second woman fell back quickly, and Alexa slowly did the same.
"I could have killed him as soon as I realized what he was. Anyone else would have." She took another step back. "I could have left him to the birds. It wasn't my fight."
That comment drew an agonized cry of denial from the mother. The man put a restraining white hand on her shoulder that she shrugged off.
It was a shock to see such emotions from the Undead, and Alexa’s men tried not to let it sway them against that sense of danger. The Vampyres clearly only wanted the baby right now. What might happen later?
In the mother's pale grip was now a pouch, her movements so fast, even Alexa hadn't seen it.
"Take."
The blonde did with no sign that it bothered her to touch the cold female, and then the trio of horrors was moving into the forest, leaving a soft giggling echo.
Alexa opened the pouch wide to let her men see. Inside was a small, intricately carved horn with long green tassels. On the side, was a crudely, yet beautifully drawn image of a wolf fighting a woman with long blonde braids. To the sides of these, were six small stick figures, each holding what could have been a gun.
"A Caller," Alexa murmured in appreciation as she stowed the gift. She caught Jacob's confused expression. "Yes?"
He shrugged. "Just don't understand why his mother put him in the well at all. They could have handled those birds as easily as we did."
Alexa grunted. "The father."
The preacher's brow drew together in confusion, and Edward explained. "Half human. His father likely hid him there and hoped she'd find him before the birds broke through the stone."
"Why wouldn't the Ferryman let them cross?"
"And what were those two lights we saw before he came?"
The rookies were banding together to ask their questions, David now willing to split her anger if there was any to be had, and she turned away without responding, knowing the others would answer those questions and more when they finally made camp for a sleep shift. Her moment with the Card Player would be among them.
There was little to say after that, the clicks and clacks of the bridge near enough now to let them see a faint glowing outline. They were almost out of this odd place, and each of them was eager for it.


4
Very near where they were to meet the Ferryman, Alexa tensed, stopping, and her men searched the darkness warily for the danger. Around them, the night stilled into complete silence.
"Up!"
Alexa's order was followed by seven leaps into the nearest trees. "Still!"
They were a small group of motionless shadows, perched firmly in decaying, brittle branches an instant later, and for a long moment, there was nothing.
Not even the sound of wind rustling came, and her men knew to be ready. In the darkness, everything held its breath, including the night, as something moved toward them.
There were no footsteps, no shouted orders or torch lights in the distance, but the feeling of being tracked was unmistakable. Something was in the jungle, looking for them. Did it know where they were? The thought was common property, and each of them drew their weapon.
None of the men were sure what to expect as the dark, damp bushes parted, and it was no relief to see faces they recognized.
The three Vampyres, one with a napping child on her back, were arguing softly. Their words were so low, they were barely audible, and the language was foreign to tense ears.
The trio stopped under the trees the fighters were trying to blend into, and all seven of them saw the baby stir. Its eyes opened, now blood red like its parent’s, and the three walking dead glanced up in unison. "We have come for you."
Alexa answered immediately. "But to what end, Blood-takers?"
Although their red eyes were impossible to read, she knew. "There's a bounty you've been sent to collect."
The vampire mother's voice was chillingly alien as she forced English through cold lips. "I will not."
At that, Alexa dropped from the tree and her men landed around her.
"Then why are you here?" Edward demanded.
The male bared his fangs in disapproval.
"He's not sure," Alexa pointed out to the mother, ignoring Edward's question.
The female acknowledged her companions were not in agreement with her choice to spare them. "You have men. Those, they will not let pass."
Alexa's eyes narrowed into those dangerous chips. "They are mine. If not for their help, your infant would not be here."
The other female hissed angrily, and the mother translated. "You don't really need them."
"I do." Alexa took a step back, hands ready, "I'll die for them with your debt unpaid!"
The mother turned to her companions, and Alexa backed up further. Everything about her said get ready to fight, and her men took notice.
The trio began arguing, all ignoring the baby who was watching alertly from his seat. When the conversation settled down, the female turned back.
"If we let you go, we cannot stay here, but we cannot flee either."
"Because he is not immortal yet. He can be hurt, drowned."
The mother's eyes softened only the tiniest bit at Alexa's correct guess. "Until he's older, no such water crossing can be made."
"If not for us, he'd never see that day come."
"To let you live, we must die or flee!"
Alexa waved a hand toward the sky, where the golden stairs were nearly complete. "A way out."
"One we cannot pay for! The Ferryman never lets us cross."
Alexa's voice was soothing. "Tonight, he will."
There was another short talk between the trio and then the words only Alexa had expected.
"They will not survive the coming war with nature. Not even by your side."
Alexa's answer was far from emotionless. "Perhaps that is not what they were meant to do."
The blonde's words grew more forceful. "Perhaps they will be witnesses when I stop our enemy. To die in such a way would be an honor for my army."
Alexa turned toward the glowing stairs. "The invitation stands, but the child will be the first to die if you cross me." She spun a finger. "Rotating watch. Let's go."


5
The Ferryman didn't react when Alexa and her men moved into view, but he scowled fiercely at the pale trio behind them. Before he could protest, Alexa gestured with her injured wrist.
"Vampyre venom for passage." She extended her bleeding arm. "Imagine the price for each drop."
The creatures behind her hissed in anger, but the Ferryman nodded curtly, moving toward her with hungry lips. "Done."

Their second trip over the bridge was without excitement and full of unreadable sweeps of the three, red-eyed vampires following effortlessly behind them.
As they reached the ground, Alexa pointed to a nearby stack of bags. "Get our things. I'd travel until near light."
Each man was looking forward to the sleep shift that would come with the sun.
The male of their newest guests spoke. "We must hunt… for him."
"Will you stay here or search for your own kind?"
"You know of others."
"Yes. Don't you?"
'We've been in Laramie since man's war. There are no more like us here."
Alexa studied him for a long moment. "You owe a debt now. Would you triple it, killer?"
The pale man's red eyes flashed. "Agreed. And if you lie, we owe nothing!"
"Done."
Alexa closed her eyes, and the jungle around them went still once more. The air thickened, became sharper somehow, and a ghostly green light glimmered at them from the darkness. It slowly took the shape of a rope and the end coiled snugly around Alexa's fist.
"Jendon, I call you!" She jerked the wispy rope violently and an answering cry rang out.
"I come!"
Alexa gathered her cloak as Edward stood guard, and they all heard the slow-clip of a shod horse through the nearby trees.
The Troll's reaction upon seeing their guests was one of shock, but it was the vampires who surprised the six men the most. Their tones became friendly, their stiff posture relaxing…
When Jendon began to talk to them in their own language, the fighters realized there would only be the seven of them again come daylight and were relieved. It was a revolting thought that they might have had to protect the walking dead while they too slept, and the males were glad she wasn't asking it of them.
"My words are proven and so is your debt to me." Alexa drew the pale horrors back, her blue eyes without mercy. "In payment, none of you, the child included, will ever take another human life that has not been proven evil. I command it!"
All three of the night walkers flinched back.
Jendon's tone was full of bitter understanding. "Come, Masters. Let me take you home."
None of the trio acknowledged her order, and no vividly glowing bonds appeared, but her men didn't doubt the same magic would hold the Vampyres. It was another relief that they wouldn't be free to prey on survivors.
Alexa and her men watched them go in silence, listening to the songs of tiny, mad hoppers in the cart's wake. Apparently, the mutations started out on land like normal crickets.
"We'll see him again," David stated, meaning the baby.
The woman leading them voiced her agreement. "I feel so too."
Exhausted, she headed for the darkness, shifting her heavier kit more firmly onto her shoulders. As soon as they cleared the area, they would rest, and she was in sore need of it. The pain from her injury was little compared to the drained feeling that was making it hard to concentrate. She would need to recharge before the next battle.
"It’s a fine day's work we've done, my pets - supplies, a first clue, and a full crew. Let the amazing adventures and moments of stunning glory begin.”

6

“Your time has run out, Commander Corbin. Bring in the woman, or her body. You have three days to report.”
Rab didn’t smile, but kept his head down anyway. Shane hadn’t liked covering for the Commander’s lies, and it was worth so much more to be a spy…
Upon finding out that Alexa now had a full crew; those in the big bunker were panicking. It hadn’t taken much for them to believe it was all Commander Corbin’s fault that she may actually succeed in reaching Safe Haven.
Rab smothered another grin. Shane had been sweet to him, and he had told Shane everything. That thoughtful soldier was back at the base now, filling out reports on the last six months. Corbin would be tried for his crimes as soon as they returned to base, with or without Alexa.
“There they are.”
Corbin gave the signal to fall back, and Rab carefully rolled them out of view. There would be one last attempt to recapture Alexa and then it would all collapse.
Still fighting his happiness, Rab didn’t care if the commander found out and killed him for his part in the betrayal. It would be worth it to see the evil man punished.
Twelve



1
Not posting a guard had been a mistake.
An hour after they settled down to sleep, the soldiers moved in. Alexa woke to see the jeeps and trucks rolling their way through the clouds of grit.
“On your feet!” she shouted, rising to hers.
She kicked at those who hadn’t moved, bringing them harshly awake.
The trucks were clearly government and flying over the uneven Wyoming land. Masked men with rifles slid into view and Alexa turned.
“Fall back!” she ordered, seeing all six were up.
They spun to race toward the shape of the only building in sight, and the soldiers opened fire.
“Ugg!”
Alexa hit her knees as the well-aimed dart plunged into the back of her neck.
She staggered to the dirt and her men rushed to carry her along as they fled. After her story, there was no doubt as to who was chasing them, and the males used their natural strength to stay ahead of the vehicles being pounded by the fast flight over unforgiving terrain.
Unable to help, Alexa’s body was slung over Edward’s broad shoulder as they ducked into the front doors of the water treatment plant.
They didn’t stop once inside, but moved immediately to the lower levels so that the soldiers would have to come in on foot. Above them, the engines hovered, rumbling angrily.
They pounded down the littered basement stairs, and Edward motioned two of them to search for a way out while he carefully pulled the dart from her neck. She wouldn’t have headed them this way if it was a dead-end.
A clear liquid oozed from the hole in her skin and Edward sent his mouth to it, drawing out as much of the drugs as he could. The horseman felt his tongue go numb and spat before he could swallow any of it. He repeated the process until he tasted only the coppery salt of her blood.
Daniel handed him an already taped bandage and Edward slapped it on as the door above them crashed-in.
“Move! Move!”
“Over here!” Mark called.
The fighters fled into the sewers with Alexa’s body now over Daniel’s shoulder. Every time they had to stop to choose a direction, she would be shifted to a fresh man, keeping them all moving quickly through the slimy darkness.
The tunnel floors were mostly dry, flooding hadn’t been a problem here, but there were huge cracks in the gray walls that kept the fighters watching for an avalanche. In their path was debris of all sorts, and Alexa’s resourceful males snatched up items of value.
As they moved, the horrors of the War that had been undisturbed for half a decade shattered under their feet. The bones snapped like wood and each one sent a chill of hatred through their hearts. The very people who’d caused all this were the ones chasing them, trying to take what was theirs - Alexa.
They fled by underground tunnels that could have taken them in any direction, but Edward kept them moving in only one – where they’d have the advantage. When the others realized where he was taking them, they stepped up the pace. Cheyenne would be the perfect chaotic place to hunker down and wait for their leader to wake up and tell them what to do next.


2
Corbin stood at the entrance to the sewer, the large group of men behind him frowning impatiently. They didn’t understand why he hadn’t ordered them to follow the fugitives, but they hadn’t been there for Alexa’s sessions.
“It is working?” he demanded of the white-garbed man on his right.
Busy fumbling with the dials of a hand-held computer, the bi-polar genius jerked.
The computer flew into the air to be caught by Corbin and handed back. “At ease, Rabbit!”
The soldiers snickered and laughed. Chasing Beth Rider was currently circling the barracks, but the scientist had been called that long before they’d found the book.
Flustered, Rab flashed a happy grin that didn’t match the years of servitude on his weathered face. Though only twenty, he appeared to be a grandfather, complete with huge knuckles and a hunched back. “It works!”
Corbin tore the screen from his hand, cruel face fixating. On it, a tiny dot moved east. What lay there?
They hadn’t been close enough to see which of the black-cloaked fighters had been hit, but it didn’t matter. She wouldn’t leave one of them, and they wouldn’t abandon her, either.
“We’ll wait and see where they come up. They’ll think we’ve been left behind.”
“Won’t they leave her body with the tracker?” one of the men asked. He was sure of his shot.
Corbin turned around in a blur. He pulled the trigger, not worried about the noise carrying, as the ignorant man slid to the dusty floor.
“Anyone stupid enough to kill her, any of them, will meet the same end!”
Corbin holstered and headed for the stairs, dropping the screen into Rab’s twitchy hands as he went. “Alive or not at all, gentlemen. If you can’t dart them, let them go.”
As he disappeared from their view, there was a short conversation Alexa would have found interesting.
“He’s in love with her,” the Rabbit muttered in a flash of intuition that drew the stares of three dozen soldiers.
Rab looked down at the dot on the screen, seeing they were headed toward Cheyenne. “It won’t matter when he gets her back, though. He’s been obsessed with finding Safe Haven as long as I’ve known him. Something as powerless as love won’t keep him from finding out everything she knows this time.”


3
They didn’t travel for very long before Edward stopped and ducked into a wide intersection with several tunnels branching off into foreboding darkness. It would be easy to get lost down here and wander in circles for days.
Hearing no sounds of pursuit, he gently shifted her weight into his arms. “Give us some light.”
The wound on her neck was already clotting, but her face was pale.
“What was it?”
“Knock-out juice.” David stated, helping Edward move her to the floor. “If she’s unconscious, she can’t draw from us and fight back.”
“How long will it last?”
The blacksmith shrugged. “Hard to tell. I’d say twelve hours at least. They’d want to be careful with her.”
“We need to hole-up somewhere.”
“They’ll be on us as soon as we pop up a head,” Jacob informed them, remembering his days as a soldier. “Those darts are trackers, too.”
“Then we’ll make ‘em come down here for her.”
“We only have a couple weeks of supplies. They can track her for a lot longer.”
Alexa’s men knew only the details from her story, and they tried to remember every word as they struggled to form a plan to save her from being recaptured.
“What if we surrender… sort of?” Billy asked softly, loving the lethal way she’d trained his mind to work. It was as dangerous as his hands now. “On the way back, we change our minds.”
Silence held them all for a full minute as each man considered the images that brought and then went further, into the development. If an idea couldn’t be planned, it couldn’t be done. She’d taught them to think it through.
“We have to do it now, while she’s still out. They’ll take our guns and tie us, separate us into different jeeps for the trip.”
“What if we use a decoy instead?”
They looked to the angry preacher standing watch with his gun in hand.
Edward took the lead. “Half one way, the other half closes the trap?”
Jacob gave a curt nod. “If they think all of us are in the first group, a second wave would give us the advantage.
There was silence except for the creaks of the sewer around them as they considered the new idea. It wouldn’t be hard to cluster together and give the impression of seven where there were really four.
“We’ll need her awake for that, have to wait till she’s ready. They’ll know the juice has worn off.”
“Maybe not,” Edward stated. “I got a lot of it out. She might come around sooner than they think.”
Jacob finished the deadly plan, hating the death he was suggesting, but eager enough to be a part of it to secure her freedom. “When we come out, the first group turns and we catch them between us.”
“Carefully.” Mark warned. He’d lost friends to careless crossfire.
“Yes. It’ll be a blur, movement everywhere,” David said evenly, starting to feel the need to get on the move again. “Are we agreed?”
Four heads nodded. It was a big risk, to plan this and give her only an hour to confirm it or change it. The location she would have no choice on, and Edward went over as much of the area as he knew, not pulling up much.
Billy, on the other hand, had driven these streets, and he began to grin as Alexa’s training helped him zero in on their solution, “Wait. I think I’ve got something better. Get the map out.”


4
“We’re picking up a message on the short-wave.”
Rab’s words drew Corbin from his stare at the apocalyptic landscape. He had spent the last hour trying to outguess Alexa’s reaction to their ambush, and he’d insisted on being left alone to concentrate.
“What?”
“They’re calling us on the CB, trying to surrender, I think.”
The scientists voice was reluctant, worried, and Corbin locked eyes with him. “What is it?”
“They said she’s dead.”
Corbin’s heart turned to ice. “How?”
Rab shrugged, hating to be the one to deliver the news. “The dart got her in the back of the head and did some type of damage. They said she had a seizure and stopped breathing.”
Corbin strode to the small communications area they had set up inside a big green tent. He moved for the radioman and gestured impatiently.
The taped call wasn’t comforting. The cold attitude of the hard-ass who’d made the call hid grief. It was clear in the voice, and Corbin listened in growing rage. Dead!

“We’re not like her. We require safe passage.”
“Where’s the body?”
“Right now, with us. We’ll deliver it or leave it, your choice.”
“What do you want in return?”
“To go on unharmed. Most of us still have relatives to find.”
“I’ll talk to the boss and call you back.”

Corbin looked to Rab. “Where are they?”
“About a mile from where they went in.”
Corbin looked at the motionless dot on the tracking screen. It was normal for the juice to keep working even after death. It led them to the bodies that way.
The Commander looked to his flunky. “Do you believe it?”
Rab nodded slowly. “He was only concerned for their lives.”
Corbin wasn’t so sure. “What proof did they offer?”
“Her guns. We just fetched them from the meeting place her man suggested, ran a DNA test on the cells we found. They’re hers.”
At that, it started to become real for Corbin. Alexa wouldn’t leave her weapons behind for anything. “Where do they want to meet?”
Rab gestured at the wall map. “Said you can pick. They just want it to be soon. There’s a storm coming and they don’t want to be caught in it.”
“Agree to their terms. Have two extra squads waiting. When we’ve got the body, grab her men. We’ll bring them to the new complex and run some tests. She’s been with them for months. If a trade of power was possible, maybe they’d know.”
‘Cause you won’t get Safe Haven’s location from them, Rab thought. He’d heard that tone of complete hatred before, and the man who had called was pissed. Corbin wasn’t the only one planning a betrayal, but Rab didn’t tell of his suspicions. It was up to fate now.
Corbin moved back toward his small tent. There was more than a storm coming for her fighters. He wasn’t fooled by their sudden selfishness. They were probably setting their own trap, but it wouldn’t account for everything. There’s no way they could with her dead. She was the light. They were only an energy source.


5
“They’ve agreed.”
Alexa’s men didn’t exchange grins at how easy it had gone. There would be time for celebrating when it was over.
“How many men?”
“Two dozen, which means more like five.”
“Any conditions?”
They’d had to go topside to place the call, and only Daniel and David had heard it all as they escorted Mark. The convict was perfect for dealing with the soldiers. His attitude made it hard to know if he was bluffing or not.
“They want us unarmed, but they already know it won’t happen. We’re supposed to bring her up last. They want to see all of us.”
Billy held up what he’d been working on for the last hour as he stayed close to Alexa’s barely breathing body. “Think it’ll work?”
The other men gave nods of approval, but no praise. There would be time for that later, as well.
“Yes. They’ll take us to the complex and from there, we’ll help her free the other kids they have there.”
“That’s not her plan.”
 Edward stopped them, eyes on her pale face. “We go on, to find Safe Haven. Without Adrian, we’ll spend our lives destroying bunkers and still never get them all, never provide a real future.”
“Why’s he so special? What can he do that she can’t?” Jacob demanded.
Edward shook his head. “I don’t know, but it’s what she plans to do, and I trust her.”
The horseman took a minute to change a few things on Billy’s drawing. When he was finished, he passed it to the others for their approval. No one protested after seeing the second blast he’d added. The soldiers wouldn’t know what was coming. All that mattered was getting Alexa’s unconscious body clear of the damage path. She still hadn’t woken, and the worry was becoming tangible.

6
Corbin watched the men climb from the manhole with anxious eyes. He was still holding onto a small hope that they were wrong and a trip to the lab would set her to rights. That hope vanished as the fifth man carefully came out of the hole with her limp body slung over his shoulder. Her knuckles scraped the ground… those stunning eyes were open, but sightless. It was true.
Jacob gave Edward a hand up as Mark moved toward the heavily guarded jeep in the center. No less than twenty vehicles waited, more than four dozen soldiers with rifles aimed at their heads.
“’Lot of hardware for letting us go.”
 Corbin stared at her hard-asses with open dislike, changing his plan. These men were not going along for the ride. He looked around. “Only five. Where’s the other one?”
Mark snorted his anger. “The rookie split when she died.”
It clearly wasn’t the response of a close group, and it threw the man off a bit. “Six or none!” Corbin snapped, sure it was a trap, but not seeing it yet.
Mark slid a hand to his gun. “We’ve returned your property. Stand aside and honor your deal….”
The convict’s face went to ugly in an instant. “Unless you never planned to let us go?”
Corbin understood the unspoken threat and felt the first measure of fear for his life. Loyal to her or not, these were dangerous men that she’d gathered.
“I always honor my word,” Corbin stated, suddenly turning reasonable. He motioned toward his vehicle. “Drop her in the backseat and your group may go. She’s all I came for.”
Mark grunted at the obvious lie and shadowed Edward as he headed for the green jeep.
Edward slung her body down, but made sure her head landed on the soft seat. He walked away without showing any of the instant desolation he felt at turning her over to this one-eyed murderer for even a minute.
The second the fighters were back with the others, Corbin began to slide toward the driver’s door. “Open fire in three... two... one…”
“Now!”
Perched atop the first water tower, Billy hit the button at Edward’s shout and scrambled for cover.
Kaabblllammm!
Wooden and metal shrapnel flew through the air as the base of the water tower evaporated. The heavy water crashed to the ground and pounded over the arid dirt under it.
Every head turned toward the billowing sound, and men’s faces widened in horror as the water thundered relentlessly their way.
Kaabllammmm!
The next tower drew Corbin’s stunned attention, and he watched the water roar toward him in a shocked daze. They’d been ambushed!
Mark’s tattooed knuckles smashed into the Commander’s face and drove him to the ground. Around them, the soldiers fled the coming waves with little thought of their leader.
Edward swung Alexa’s body back over his shoulder, but didn’t wait to enjoy the relief of holding her life in his hands again. He spun for the roof they’d agreed on, not looking to see if the others needed help. Right now, Alexa was all he cared for.
The water pounded the last half mile toward them and began sweeping away the vehicles as men fled in panic. Alexa’s fighters darted between these dazed soldiers with little fear of being shot, but when Edward hit the ladder on the building, he was alone and felt it clearly.
He jerked them up the rungs two at a time and swung his feet over the top as the first wave of water collided with the brick building.
Edward staggered at the impact, grip tightening, and David was there to steady him. Instead of watching the destruction, the two men laid Alexa’s limp body down and turned to secure their new perimeter.
The roof was wide, cluttered with years of filth, and the two men stayed at her side, watching alertly. They listened to the roaring of the waves and the screams below with hard hearts. This building was meant to withstand about anything, it was why they’d chosen it, and there was no need to watch the soldiers drown. Thoughts of their own men were near the surface however, and they kept a steady watch on the top of the ladder for anyone else that might have made it.
Bang!
The sound of Jacob’s gun crashing had Edward waving David to the side for a look. His report came with grim words.
“The rookie’s on top of the transport truck they brought. It washed up against the hillside.” David frowned harshly. “He missed! Corbin got away.”
Edward nodded, bending down to examine Alexa’s breathing. It was one of the downsides of using a tool like water. There was no controlling it, and Corbin was a master of escapes. How else had he avoided the rage of so many angry Descendants for so long?
“What about the others?”
“They went underground.”
The unexpected voice had both men spinning to see a short, blond man huddling behind a stack of crates. He was shivering, soaked, and bleeding from a variety of scrapes.
“Came up the bb…back.” Teeth chattering, Rab looked behind him quickly. “Think your m…mmen are, too.”
There was relief to see the others come from behind the drenched scientist.
Daniel’s grin was wide as he took up a post on the ladder they’d just used. It had been a horrifying, amazing rush to dash through the tunnels, staying steps ahead of the water as they rushed for the manhole cover on the other side of the building. Then, there had been the heart-stopping sight of the water smashing through the hillside to race them for the ladder. It was a thrill-ride to compare with any he’d had before the War.
Edward gave Billy a nod of recognition as the driver stopped next to the cold scientist that he assumed was now their prisoner. “Good plan.”
Billy shrugged, longing to hear those words from their leader. Her continued absence was bothering them all. “What about him?”
Rab started to drop his head, as he automatically had when it was Corbin deciding his fate.
“My mercy… is given.”
Alexa opened her eyes to find freedom, incredibly sweet, waiting, along with the happy faces of her men.
She inhaled deeply of the dank air. Now they understood that she truly needed them, and for more than just their energy.
Alexa slowly pushed up to sit against the filthy chimney, her head throbbing in pain. She closed her eyes, controlling the effects as best she could, and sensed six very anxious males waiting for her reaction to the choices they’d made in her absence.
“Are they dead?”
It was Edward who answered. “Not Corbin.”
Behind them, Rab shivered harder. “A ddd..ozen soldiers mm.. made it, too. They followed him.”
Taking pity on the man’s misery, Billy slid a hand into his pack and came up with a shirt. He tossed it to the captive, seeing the marks of repeated beatings and the scars that decorated his alabaster skin. “Anyone have extra rags to donate?”
Rab quickly changed into the dry clothes that were tossed his way at Billy’s call, exposing his malformed body with no self-consciousness. That had been stripped from him, along with so many other vital parts of humanity that the fighters knew he wouldn’t survive out in this world for long, alone or not.
Instead of questioning his future, each of her men kept quiet and tried to guess how she might handle it. After Jendon and the baby, they were sure she would think of something other than bringing him along. She’d said they were already a full crew, and it felt that way to them as well.
“Come over here, Paul.”
Rab hurried to her side, heart thumping at her use of his given name. Around them, her men took up posts and listened eagerly to the sound of her voice. It was a raspy noise they couldn’t imagine being without now. They’d already risked too much, accomplished too much, to ever forsake the quest or her.
Paul slid to his knees at Alexa’s feet, the time of judgment finally here for him as he faced the Alpha female. “I had no choice!”
Alexa motioned him to her side and he came fast, making her men frown at his unbalanced movements. The rabbit-like behavior said if he were left here, he would go straight back to the compound and report everything that had happened just to be allowed back in. That made him the enemy, didn’t it?
“Who is your father, Paul?”
His face melted into a mask of rage none of them had expected, and he snarled at her.
“You already know!”
Alexa’s tone was leading. “And when he finally recognized the genius his experiments had caused?”
Paul’s face was ashen, and he leaned back, no longer angry, but hurt beyond any describable measure. “He put me with the others to be experimented on!”
The fighters muttered at such evil, and Alexa gave them a sharp look before turning back. “Tell me.”
The Rabbit’s mouth opened and horror spilled out. “They’re mating with us, trying to get stronger babies that can survive out here, but he… Corbin… he wants to be stronger. When a successful breeding gives a healthy baby, he kills it or deforms it so they never get what they need, and he has endless time to figure out how to be like us.”
Paul looked at her with devoted, terrified eyes. “It’s Safe Haven that Corbin’s after. He thinks Adrian will make him like us… especially if he holds you hostage.”
Alexa’s tone was sheets of ice laid with hair-trigger mines. “Will they stop for the night?”


7
The small camp of soldiers was an easy light to follow in the darkness.
The desolate Commander had them set camp out in the open, not worried about Alexa’s fighters coming. Let them. What did he have to live for now?
His shoulder throbbed mercilessly from the bullet that had slammed through the back window as he fled, and Corbin swallowed the last of his drink with a bitter grimace. The fighters had gotten away with any knowledge they might have had, and Alexa was dead. Tomorrow, they would go back and try to collect the body, but Corbin was only going through the motions now. Any chance he’d had of finding Safe Haven, of controlling Adrian, had died with Alexa.
His future looked bleak, and the soldiers around him were aware of it. They were protecting him and following orders, but each of them knew his execution would be ordered in punishment for this awful failure.
Corbin’s hand fingered the gun on his hip as he considered ending it all. Without Safe Haven’s magic, he would wither and die out here the same as the other refugees. At the bunker, he would be shot for gross negligence of duty. What was left?
“Should have died too,” he muttered drunkenly.
“I agree.”
Alexa’s voice from the darkness was fiery… alive!
Corbin stumbled to his feet, choked at the sight of her standing just behind his chair. Death swarmed closer.
Alexa whistled, and all around them, gunfire rang out as her loyal men opened fire.
Corbin’s men were caught off guard - the dozen soldiers no match for the fury of Alexa’s Eagles.
“Stay back.” Corbin fumbled for the dart gun on his belt, still refusing to kill her even though instinct said she wouldn’t be as forgiving.
“Uh-uh!” Alexa warned, memories assaulting her.
That voice! had forced her to do unspeakable things for the discovery of information she never possessed. This weakling had broken her down into a begging mass of emotion, again and again… and she’d let him, because of her humanity. Her conscience had kept her behind their walls, and now, thanks to him, she no longer had one.
Being careful not to trim her, the six fighters moved her way as they picked off the few remaining soldiers dumb enough to pop their heads out from behind doors and bumpers. They moved in that efficient V she’d taught them, mowing down anything that moved.
Alexa snarled when Corbin pointed the dart gun at her.
He was very aware she didn’t hold him in the same tender regard he did her, but what mattered was that she followed the ways of her father... Maybe this wasn’t over yet.
Around them, the soldiers lay dead and her fighters stood in a tight circle, ready to defend her if it was needed.
“I let you go.” Corbin lowered the gun.
Alexa stopped her lunge, finally getting the answer for the ease of her escape.
Her face changed into an unreadable mask, and Corbin continued, not trying to save his life, but still desperate to follow her. “I watched out for you, tried to keep the other guards away from you.”
Corbin’s face softened. “If not for Regan finding your hole-up in the desert, they still wouldn’t know where you are. You owe me mercy.”
Alexa wanted to kill him anyway. Her soul certainly needed it, but he’d gifted her with the most awful thing he could have - freedom.
In return, she motioned to the man still lurking in the shadows. “Show him my mercy, Paul.”
The Rabbit stepped from the darkness with a nightmarish grin and a familiar gun that Corbin stumbled back from.
“What? No…”
“Hello, Father!”
“Wait, Rab...”
“My name is Paul! I’m your son!”
“No! Don’t do…”
Bang!
“Burn it all.” Alexa turned away in guilty satisfaction. Now that they had Rab, they didn’t need Corbin for the locations of the other bunkers. Rab knew where many of them were, but also how to hack into the government’s remaining technology… and he was loyal to her quest. All she had to do was stash him somewhere while she and her fighters brought Adrian back. It had worked out even better than she’d hoped.

Thirteen




1
Twelve days later, the dusty fighters stared at the message carved into the stone of the Black Hills.
Finding Safe Haven’s old campsite had been harder here, where nature seemed almost normal, but the message in the cliffs would have been impossible to miss. Jendon had gotten it word for word as it was carved, but Alexa's sharp eyes picked out an added line along the ground, like something hurriedly placed there when no one else was around.
"I'll wait as long as I can."
Despite being sure it would take a month or more for the big government bunker to learn of Corbin’s defeat, they’d stayed on the move and made good time. Alexa could still be tracked for weeks, according to Paul, but thanks to his smashing the control screen, those who picked through the wreckage wouldn’t be able to follow easily.
Still, one woman traveling with seven men drew attention, and they were sure word would get back to those in charge. Eventually, the soldiers would come again.
Edward looked back at their companion, shaking his head at the scientist’s excited examination of the black mold on the spruce trees. Paul was clearly happy that Alexa had invited him along for a while, but his sudden movements and unexpected noises were annoyances for her very serious men. If he’d been along as anything but a guest, they might have protested. As it was, the pale man had a knack for finding supplies and had already aided them with it.
Content that Alexa planned to drop the Rabbit somewhere along the way, Edward watched her eyes turn back toward the mountains, where Paul had told them the new complex was. She was tortured over it. Her stiff shoulders said she wanted to go back the way they’d come…and it was her choice. If Alexa said they were going to the big bunker to take on the new government, they would all follow.
Alexa let out a sigh, shuddering as she fought for control of her ghosts and her guilt. These people, this country, needed Adrian’s light. He was the only one who could bring them all together and force Nature to close the gates. They had to find Safe Haven.
The wind howled around them, blowing their cloaks back as if in defiance of her thoughts, and the blonde circled a finger. "Set us up. We head for Nebraska at first light."

2
In an isolated corner of the apocalyptic wastelands, the sentries were reaching their destination.
These small warriors had traveled nonstop to warn the Mother that man was once again gathering. They came with sights and sounds to share, firsthand information for the war that lie ahead. There was little doubt that this group of humans was strong enough to start the rebuilding, to begin killing the fantasy world with their harsh disbelief. They were lethal enough to battle the new environment…and maybe win. Within years, these would multiply - until the old world was returned.
That could not be allowed to happen.
“It won’t,” Nature breathed her promise, calming rapidly beating hearts. She had no intentions of letting man send her new warriors back through the gates.
“The only one who could have done so is gone from these shores. Without that green and gold light, man will never return to his former glory.”
But the sentries were worried. The animals tried to express their concerns with images of the ruthless female leading the fighters, of how she’d bound a troll. It was something only the Undead could do.
Despite losing one of her oldest birds on the golden stairs, the Spirit of Nature wasn’t overly concerned. There were many strong humans left, but without a true Alpha, there was no way mankind could heal the rift cause by their awful war. All the horror had snapped so many minds that it had been easy to push the gates open and allow the real terrors to roam free. Every human the monsters took was one less to be destroyed later.
“Return to your homes, then your duties. This group will fall the same the others have.”
“But if they make it across the waters…”
Nature’s harsh laughter rang out, sending animals darting for cover under bushes and the ground.
“The waters are under my command now. They will not allow humankind to leave any shore.”
“But if they make it south…”
Understanding how deeply the group had worried the sentries, Nature felt the first tremor of unease. She’d reacted lightly before the war, and almost been destroyed. Perhaps she should eliminate them now…

Notes

Hi, it's me waving at you again. Hope you enjoyed a glimpse of how their quest began and the two constant enemies they’ll face. What the Government can’t handle, Mother Nature might be capable of. Only time will tell.
When I started this story, it was supposed to be a short episode of a continuing saga I’d hoped to release monthly. I understood that wasn’t likely as soon as I finished the first chapter, but I’ve never really known how big it should be or where it was supposed to start. I like to think I now have both of those covered.
I expect this series to have roughly the same number of books as my first series, Life After War. As you may have guessed by now, they will have some sort of a meeting in the future. After the journey both groups have made through the apocalyptic wilderness, they certainly deserve to meet and swap survival tales.
Next, we'll be heading to the killin’ fields of Nebraska. Marc and Angie (above-mentioned related book) came through there right after the War of 2012 and it was ugly then. I wonder what horrors lurk there now…
This series is almost the opposite of the world and limits I face when writing LAW. This one allows me a creative freedom that always seems to have a slightly western flavor.  Guns and Magic - two of my favorite things... (Sorry, I was singing there. Better that you couldn't hear it.)
Thanks for stopping by. I hope we meet again, in that distantly close realm, where just about anything can happen. I call it Angie's World.
Btw, thank you to the Betas and my new editors, Kim and Sharon. Together, you guys are the magic shining behind the words.
http://www.law-angelawhite.com

A. White
Extras

The Killin’ Fields
The Change
The Survivors
Character Bios

Quick look
The Killin Fields
Book Two

The sight of a single, lanky white wolf inside their ring of protection was something of a concern to the seven warriors lying on the hard ground. To see hundreds of glowing eyes waiting hungrily in the tall corn behind it, was terror.
“No one moves yet!”
Alexa’s command froze them, half already taking aim on the one closest to her. Time slowed as the wolf also reacted, baring its fangs to grin furiously at her.
 “We will leave. Now.”
The predator snarled in response, death in its blood red eyes unless her men were fast enough.
There was chaos as the wolves attacked and Alexa’s army opened fire…

The Killin’ Fields of Nebraska
There’s a battle for control and it’s gotten ugly.


The Change

500 Years into the future, nine of every ten babies conceived are female. Men have been enslaved for their own protection and the only way to get a mate is to enter the Network Games and fight for one. The catch? It's a live battle to the death and the competition is fierce.

Let’s meet the Players...

“…Candice Marie Pruett. At barely 18, this intimidating Bounty Hunter resides in the Recovery Zones of Ohio and has a long record of excessive force. Recently fined over one million UDs for injury to a family member, this brutal Changeling only wants one thing. To get back what was stolen from her. Rank at the start of competition: 5/10.
“The Blonde Bombshell. As reigning champion, this scarlet-wearing Dock Worker is heavily favored to repeat her string of vicious victories and claim a second Bachelor. Trying to earn the title of Head Defender by winning all the Games, she starts the competition ranked 1/10.
“The Ex-Defender. Fresh from losing fugitives in the deserts of Nebraska, this former Network guard seeks to make amends by winning and donating her prize to charity. Baker, the dangerous, untrained male she allowed to escape, is still missing. It has lowered her rankings on day one to 7/10.
“And their prize: A choice…
“Daniel is a 20-year-old Bachelor with excellent relief skills and no memory of his life before being sold to the Network. Calm and unaggressive, he has been trained to be the perfect, harmless mate, and now hopes for a loving owner to take him home.
“Or…
“One of the eight other eligible bachelors sharing his quarters. They are lot #21198.
Who's ready to play? Are ya? Are ya really?
Watch Trailer


The Bachelor Battles
512AW (After War)
1
What if… the male population was going extinct, and behind them, women, the world?
That was the reason the Network had given for the laws that decreed all men must have an owner, someone to be responsible for their care. Enslavement was the only way to protect our species, they’d insisted… and we listened.
After the nuclear war, when the population fell below seven million world-wide, the birth rate slowly recovered to half of the pre-war averages, but less than 5% of those were male. The fallout damaged reproductive systems, making girls by the hundreds for every boy born, and those rare few were weaker, more susceptible to the toxins still in the air and ground. In small, scattered clans of survivors, this was more proof that by ‘the meek shall inherit the earth’, God had meant women.
 Within decades, the number of men had dropped drastically, and there were new wars, where whole towns of survivors killed each other for their sons. Huge groups decimated the smaller clans, absorbing the useful and disposing of the rest. Cities that had begun to rebuild, fell again to unchecked violence as the remaining scientists confirmed the fears. Unless something was done, the human population was likely to die out within just two centuries.
That’s when the Network took over.
It must have been horrifying at first, for all those who’d gone without contact for so long, to suddenly hear life coming from the devices that still worked. Had they thought maybe it was all over, and for good this time? When the radio station blared to life on July 4th, 085 AW, it was with anthems for all the nations. Played over and over, it was a call that people answered. When the words finally came, the first signs of a civilization about to try again… they were spoken by a woman.
Within ten years, the radio station had drawn nearly five thousand refugees from all corners of the planet and returned New York to some of its former glory. Renamed New Network City in 099AW, it became the first beacon of light in the darkness that hung over the new world. In 114AW, the United States was renamed New America, but there was little new about a world cursed by ghosts of the past.
Now, five hundred years after the nuclear sabotage that had destroyed our planet, the country had been split into three parts. Directly in the middle was an unknown area called the Borderlands, where the Wild West had returned in a new version of hell. The sides of New America were each controlled by a division of the Network, though the West Coast outpost was as foreign to most as those mysterious Borderlands. People from the west preferred to stay there, but it was hard to imagine them attempting the four-month trek anyway, considering the odds of death along the way. Few places beyond New Network City were livable… and those in charge liked it that way.
The Network hid from their subjects, ruling through cameras and audio devices. No one really knew who was on the Council, only that it had ten members. There are no records or photos. From our history books, it seems no one cared. Rules, laws, and the foundations of a society that had existed solely inside the debris-laden walls of the Network City districts, had spread around the globe and been duplicated by other lands, other leaders. It was easy to see why it succeeded.
The Network was strict. More so than any of the previous democracies on American soil… but really, it wasn’t that, even from the beginning. They imposed the bans and the punishments, and we obeyed, even though the War of 2012 had been caused by the very same indifference. Why would we consent to it starting again? Didn’t the death of billions teach us anything? There could have been a world of hope, remade from the ashes of the pain. Instead… we got the Games.




The Survivors


Like most days now, the sound of the ocean haunts me.
My name is Angela. I'm a mother, doctor, soldier, and now, in the year 2017, I've become a leader of men. Thanks to the end of our world to nuclear war, I'm the Guardian of an American refugee camp named Safe Haven.
Surrounded by carefully watching guards, I sit beside the immense Pacific Ocean as my people work and play nearby, confident my Army will look after them while I tell you about the War of 2012…and how we were forced to leave our beloved Country. It was a nightmare from which we couldn't wake. Some of us still haven't, and soon, we'll be at the water's mercy again. In less than two months, we're going home.
America waits for us to reclaim and to rebuild, but mostly, simply, for us to return. Before we undertake that perilous journey, I have to get the 357 souls here ready for the trip, and I only know one way it can be done - Adrian has to come back, and lead us home, as he promised.
Adrian… That incredibly patriotic man has been exiled, even though he’s the only reason that we survived. His secret was the only excuse the camp needed to turn on him, but I won't. I can't. I swore myself to him the same as the rest of his Council, and like them, I still believe.
I’ve gotten way ahead of myself, far beyond the beginning, when our future didn’t look as good is it does now. Most people here in New America won’t talk about the War or the long, ugly journey we made together. They say the memories have faded, but I know a lie when I hear one. Some horrors you never forget. Like our final battle with Cesar and his large band of ruthless Mexican guerillas.
It's been five years, but I still see the deep red streams of blood running down rain-soaked trees. I still smell men burning alive in their metal coffins. I dream of it sometimes: of the cold, wet night when I was the bait, and I'm sure Adrian does, too. It was the moment we knew our people would live - because of one man’s dream and his lies.
From the very beginning, Adrian kept us alive, gave us everything he had - and he always did what was best for the camp, no matter what it cost him personally. He taught us to be stronger than we thought we could be, to look out for each other, and ourselves, and through it all… he lied by omission, knowing these scared, hurting survivors would never have trusted him, would never have given him a chance, if they had known who he really was.
We came a long way together in the year after the War, over thousands of miles of heartbreaking devastation, and it hurts those of us who remain loyal to see him accept their unfair judgment without a fight. It makes everything we went through seem less important than it was, weakens the magic somehow, and I can’t allow that.
I’ve been seeing open doors again, and that sly ocean cautions me, says the return trip will be just as hard as the one we undertook to get here. If there’s a storm headed toward the flock, it’s our Shepherd we’ll need to see us through it.
So, for Adrian and for those of us standing by him, still ready to die for him, and for the dreams he made me believe in from almost the first minute I set foot in his Refugee camp, I will tell our story and leave nothing out. Maybe then these people will realize what he did for our country, accept how much we owe, and allow him to reclaim what’s rightfully his. Us.
Before I tell you about our harsh, ugly journey, let me show you what happened on that day, what they did to us and what we did to each other. This is how America’s story of survival began…


Character Bios

The Horseman
Edward was taken in the Draft, held in a bunker for months after the War, while his wife was murdered and left to die. When the food began running out, he helped breach compound to free everyone. Those freed men then destroyed the nearest towns. The horseman, so called because of his touch with animals, has never forgiven himself. Until Alexa saved him, he only wanted to die.

The Biker
Daniel liked to risk his life for thrills before the end of the world forced him to see that there were more important things to die for. He lost his child in the aftermath of the War, and tried to take his life because of it. Alexa healed his injuries and his heart.

The Preacher
In his mid-twenties, Jacob has jagged scars that crisscross his cheek and forehead. Before the War, he was government. After, he was the preacher in River City. He believes in peace and will go out of his way to achieve it, but when the battles come, he is as dangerous as the rest of Alexa’s companions. The other men assumed his wounds have caused this, but their leader knows better. Jacob is a born killer.

The Convict
Mark was a criminal when she came for him, in an underground slam in Boulder with the other killers. That hadn't stood in her way. When Alexa had left Boulder, he had been at her side and happy to be in the place he was born for.

The Blacksmith
David is the normally silent member of her group. Taller than her other men, he wears the same dark coloring and intelligent blue eyes. Little else is known, yet.

The Driver
Billy was a limo driver before the War. He can scale a tree like a monkey. He’s the only one of her men to have hair long enough to keep in a ponytail. Little else is known, yet.

The Leader
Alexa is a leader of men. She culled her companions from the dwindling herd of mankind because she sensed they alone might have the strength to make the journey, and each battle fought at her side tightens the bonds. For her, their quest is about more than finding a safe place. It's about the search for missing family. With her scarred fingers and fire-roughened voice, this stunning blonde warrior will lead these six bad-ass men through hell and back to reclaim what she lost in the war – her place on Adrian’s right.
All Angela White Titles

Life After War series
The Survivors
On The Road
Safe Haven
Adrian’s Eagles

Bachelor Battles Trilogy
The Change
Changeling Winds

Flash Fiction
Twisted Shorts

Alexa’s Travels
A Prelude
Bone Dust & Beginnings

Upcoming Releases
The Network
The Killin’ Fields of Nebraska
From the Ashes


