
Book One of the Heroes of Legend

The Archer, the Princess, and the Dragon King



The Archer
L. A. Hammer

Copyright 2021  L.A. Hammer.

Published by L.A. Hammer at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition Licence Notes

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the copyright owner.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Cover artwork, maps and interior illustrations by Minh Nguyen – flare3103
Minh Nguyen’s artworks can be found by searching L. A. Hammer at Imagekind.com

Contents

Book One

Prologue—Prophecies and Miracles
Chapter 1—The Shadow Awakens
Chapter 2—Spring Thaw
Chapter 3—The Tree King
Chapter 4—Awareness
Chapter 5—Lessons in Spirituality
Chapter 6—The Tegean King
Chapter 7—Sun Wukong
Chapter 8—The Tree-King Festival
Chapter 9—The Red Phoenix
Chapter 10—The Elf Prince and the Ogre
Chapter 11—Hunting for Eggs
Chapter 12—Drahkuhl
Chapter 13—Eldarus the Magician
Chapter 14—Taken Captive
Chapter 15—Cloud-Soaring
Chapter 16—A Holy Relic
Chapter 17—The Tempter

Book Two

Prologue—The Demon of Dragon-Blood Thirst
Chapter 1—The Elf King
Chapter 2—Politics in the Palace
Chapter 3—A Stone Egg
Chapter 4—Count Arathudria
Chapter 5—A Swift Journey
Chapter 6—Trouble in the Keep
Chapter 7—A Push Stone

Prologue –  Prophecies and Miracles

‘Let go!’ shouted the boy, ‘Let go of me!’ Dark of hair and eyes, the boy of only ten was a stubborn case. Eldarus had been a tutor for Matthew since he was barely able to crawl. Now he was also a substitute father to the lad. His father had been a great king, and ruler of a vast portion of the lands that were now torn by battle and bloodshed. 
It was Matthew’s destiny to throw back the emperor’s forces and take back his kingdom.
‘You must learn to focus your kinning,’ Eldarus instructed. ‘Remember your breathing. Focus on the sound of the waves.’ He still clung to the tunic of cured leather the boy wore over spun wool of grey and green. The boy was like a wriggling worm in his grasp, but Eldarus did not let go despite the boy’s protest.
‘The water makes me ill, im’pater.’
‘Solidify your will, Matthew. Surrender to the calm of the ocean.’
‘The ocean is not calm,’ Matthew replied, flapping his arms like a squawking crow. 
‘The time draws near for your eleventh name day, Matthew. Then you will become a man, and the kinning will call you into its embrace. If you are not prepared, it will burn you to a cinder.’ Eldarus’s tones were filled with fervour at the last.
‘I’m not ready, im’pater. I’ll never be ready in time.’
‘Matthew Eaglehawk, you are of the blood of kings. You were born ready.’
The boy pouted a moment then ceased his flailing. Taking a deep breath, Matthew sat and folded his arms on the deck of the small vessel. The boy was right; there was a terrible wind this evening. The lantern swinging on a nearby pole emitted a halo of gold; tracing lines upon Matthew’s fragile features. He began his meditation, and after a while of monitoring his altered demeanour, Eldarus returned below deck to fetch the precious cargo he had spent much of his lifetime searching for.
In the lantern light below deck, in his cramped quarters, he reached into the second drawer to pull forth a cloth wrapped parcel that was warmer than he remembered. It’s working. It’s happening already.
Returning above deck the moonlit ocean waves sprayed foam and salt upon his face. He spared a moment to check the helm where his captain worked the wheel, a glowing apparition with a face of brown bone-skull and deep black eye sockets. Wraiths were more trustworthy at sea than any man, and old Captain Vortikhas had sailed the globe with Eldarus, and so far, Eldarus had never been let down.
Other wraiths patrolled the decks, on the bow, port and starboard sides, fixing the sails, hoisting ropes and keeping things in order, a trustworthy crew indeed. Wraiths needed to be kept under a certain degree of control, of course, though Eldarus was well skilled in all manner of witchcraft and sorcery. 
Placing the dark cloth bundle in front of Matthew, Eldarus pulled the folds aside to reveal an egg big enough to have been birthed by an ostrich. The scaled black marble texture glistened in the moonlight, but the centre of the egg pulsed and flared, seemingly in time with young Matthew’s breathing.
‘Now reach for the kinning source,’ Eldarus instructed, as a halo of burning white appeared around Matthew’s head, also flaring in time with his breathing and the light of the egg.
Eldarus began his own incantation, first in a low rhythmic chant, then holding his gnarled wooden staff. A beacon of pure white blossomed from the staff’s tip; glowing brighter than the moon. It was then that Eldarus heard the angels singing, first a low male chorus, followed by heavenly female singers.
The egg began to hum with vibrations, as small cracks formed across the shell. A small fragment broke loose; a tiny claw burst through. It’s working.
The singers harmonized as Matthew remained very still, eyes closed with hands in prayer position, clasped with index fingers pressed together, pointing upwards. 
The egg split down the middle as leathery wings fanned out from the broken shell, to reveal a tiny lizard shaped figure with a long neck and tail, onyx scaled, eyes of burning gold. The tiny dragon spread its jaws to emit a screech that cut through the voices, silencing all; the waves calmed, the light of Eldarus’s staff grew dim. It had worked.
Through the kinning ceremony the boy had adopted a most powerful ally.
The light of the wraiths patrolling the decks appeared once more, having been drowned out for a time by the burning staff. Old Captain Vortikhas moaned like a zombie as Matthew stroked the scales of the dragon.
‘Splendid, Matthew, well done.’
‘What shall we name him?’
‘There are many old dragon names that spring to mind,’ Eldarus said in a heightened mood. ‘But I will leave that up to you.’ 
Matthew screwed up his face a moment then stared at the enchanted creature again to say, ‘I will name him Utredius.’
‘Utred’s Fire you name him? Now that is not a bad name.’ It was then that the boy broke into a fit of tears, and Eldarus was as always at a loss for the right words to comfort him. Utred had been slain only three years to this day, and Matthew was still struggling to come to terms with his loss. In truth the relationship between the old Mage and the future king had been trying to say the least. It wasn’t that Matthew was a bad student exactly, he was just, well, overly emotional.
‘Do not shed more tears, dear boy. You have Utredius now.’
The dragon stood up on its back legs and spread its wings, and Matthew giggled as he tickled the creature’s underbelly. Then it was more tears, lots of tears. It seemed when Matthew got in these moods there was no way to hold back the flood.
Eldarus decided he could use a strong whiskey, and some cheese and crusty bread. 
‘Vortikhas, keep an eye on the lad.’

*** 

There was no water for miles from this place, and the sun was a burning beacon making Cybele sweat from head to toe.
She wore only a pale cream skirt and vest, belted with fine leather and a silver phoenix buckle, the sigil of House Ra’nen, a House of ancient rulers. Though Cybele was only a princess, all of seventeen years and slender as a snake. No wait, eighteen years old! Today is my birthday, she remembered with surprise. Not much of a birthday, she thought to herself. Stranded in the middle of the desert about to die of thirst!
Her mission was simple. Find the Phoenix bird of the southern wastes and bond with it. The only thing at risk was the fate of the world. This had been part of Cybele’s lessons ever since she could understand language.
She took a moment to sip from her water flask, as she raised a flat hand over her brows to gaze across the desert hills. The heat haze hovered across their tops like a golden mist. 
She had wandered these lands for six days. She was down to a half empty flask. 
‘Where are you?’ she screamed at the endless burning wastes. She walked on with blistered feet stinging in her leather boots. They were good boots, but her socks had worn thin and the rubbing never ceased. 
Discouraged, hot and alone, she sat and began to meditate. Feeling the sun baking her slickened skin, beads of sweat fell down her back providing the slightest sense of coolness. There was no breeze, just heat dry enough to choke a camel. 
She sat and prayed for some time to Aman’un; the goddess of rain. She prayed to Aman’un that her last flask would be filled before noon. But it did no good.
With eyes closed she heard a slight growl directly in front of her; opening one eye to see a male lion standing only inches from her face. Its nose was nearly touching hers. 
She was startled, but not afraid. Lions were the most sacred of all animals to the Tegeans. They were also closer companions to Tegeans than dogs.
She reached out to scratch the big creature’s ear inside its shaggy orange mane. The lion sat with legs spread out before it, and she tickled it under its chin until it rolled onto its side and she began to tickle its belly. This was no wild lion. He belonged to someone. That made her cautious, as she gazed about with an alert posture.
‘He is named Ri’tu’kur,’ a voice called from behind her. She turned her head and then her body to face a man standing seven feet tall easily. His hair was curled into tight black locks; his black skin glistening like marble. He wore a red robe with a golden woven belt and carried a thin black walking stick.
‘Ri’tu’kur means proud one,’ the man continued. ‘I named him that because he was very stubborn even as a cub.’
‘I know what it means,’ Cybele said. ‘I’m not a child. I’m fluent in Old Tegean.’ 
‘Yes, I see you wear the belt of a princess. So, you must be fluent. Forgive my rudeness, princess.’
‘And what do they call you around here?’
‘My name is Samlet Adrobi,’ the man replied. ‘My friends call me Slow Sam.’
The man was slender and lean muscle. His muscles were defined like a racehorse. 
‘By the way, you have any water?’
‘I could spare some, in return for your name?’
‘You should know just by looking at me. The ginger locks, the freckles. I’m the eldest daughter of King Oteptun Ra’nen.’
Realisation dawned upon Slow Sam, as he replied, ‘So if you are the eldest, you must be in search of the Red Phoenix, princess.’
‘Just call me Cybele, Slow Sam.’
‘Then we are close pals already.’
‘Now how about handing over some of that water? I told you my name.’
He handed her a large water skin to help fill her own flask.
‘It seems the rain goddess has answered my prayers after all.’ 
Feeling comfortable around the man, Cybele later stayed to make camp, and as dusk fell, the man began to cook a meal for them to share.
‘Do you know any magic?’ Cybele asked.
‘I know a little magic, though much was lost with my people. I wander these lands searching for ancient scrolls that might trigger the spark I seek to reignite the flames of the Akhori Magi of old.’
Sam had a small cookpot that he was more than capable of lugging around, though he had a large camel seated near the flames with saddlebags packed with paper scrolls; weapons and tools strapped to the animal.
‘What sort of magic do you know?’
‘I can find water. I can speak to animals in different tongues, but that is common magic. I can make fire out of thin air.’
‘Show me,’ Cybele said. ‘I have to see this.’
The man spun his palm and a flicker of amber flame danced along his fingertips for only a brief moment, but it was impressive all the same.
 ‘Can you teach me?’
‘I could try. Your mind must be clear of all distractions.’
Cybele followed his commands, and when he guided her thoughts to picture a glowing light within her chest, he told her to spin her wrist with palm and fingers rising upwards, but to keep her eyes closed. With her eyes shut, Cybele thought she saw a flicker of light that was more than just the campfire. When she opened her eyes, she saw Sam staring at her with a confused expression.
‘Well, did it work?’
‘Try again, with your eyes open.’
The first time she flicked her wrist nothing happened. 
‘Try again. Focus your breathing.’
Cybele focused, and the second time she twisted her wrist slower, and before her eyes blossomed a crescent of crimson and golden flames that covered her entire palm and rose like a sphere of light. The flame burned as a pure scarlet sphere hovering an inch above her open palm, as tendrils of golden flame licked up along her fingertips.
‘Draw deeper, do you see it?’
‘See what?’
‘The Red Phoenix, Cybele. You must bring it into being.’
It was then she understood, and at his words she began to see the flames taking a shape more like a red bird about the size of an eagle. First the wings appeared, golden and crimson feathers burning in the blue-black abyss, then the head and beak took form, and the bird flapped its wings to soar up into the starlit sky, circling round several times before it returned as a bird of living flesh to perch upon her outstretched arm.
‘It’s a miracle, Cybele. Never had I understood the legend until now. You have saved the world from the threat of eternal darkness.’

*** 
Tristan watched as the first pups were born, giggling as the mother grey wolf licked their coats clean. They were quite large, almost as big as one of Tristan’s smaller house dogs. There were four so far. He waited patiently to see if the last one was the most precious of wolves to be born in this Age.
‘Can I pat them, mon’pater?’ His father looked down with a wide grimace as he replied, ‘Be patient, Tristan. Wait for them to suckle and grow a little.’
The four pups were crawling their way towards Frostgale’s teats. In time they were all given the chance to drink, though the massive sabre-wolf was still in labour. She growled in low tones occasionally, whimpered, but was calm.
‘Will it be the Snow Wolf, mon’pater?’
‘If the prophecies are to be believed, the Snow Wolf will be born this night. Frostgale’s mate was the king of all sabre-wolves, and so the prophecies state that he shall sire the Snow Wolf. You know the story, boy. Do I have to tell it again?’
‘I know it already,’ Tristan said with a sigh. ‘When the Red Phoenix returns to save us from eternal darkness, the Lord of Wolves will be born as her protector.’
‘Yes, and you shall be the steward of the Princess of Tegea. It is your duty to protect her.’ 
‘But I’m only a boy,’ Tristan replied. ‘How could I protect a princess?’
‘You will learn, Tristan. I will teach you the Old Ways, of the Archers of our ancient clans. Your arrow always finds home, does it not?’
‘I suppose. Oh, look Father, it is happening, the fifth pup.’
They gazed in anxious expectation, Tristan holding his breath until he saw the shiny white coat emerge and spill out over the crimson blanket.
‘It’s him, Father! The Snow Wolf has been Reborn!’
‘Blessed be the brethren of our kin,’ Rodin said, his thick dark eyebrows nearly lifting off his face. ‘Its eyes should be blue, or green,’ Rodin said, as Tristan too noticed that the white pup had bright red eyes, and this was something he had never heard of, in any part of the prophecies of the Snow Wolf. Then a grave concern overtook his father, as if in afterthought. ‘We must prepare, my son. There were parts of the prophecy that have not been spoken amongst children for many an Age. It is a Dark Prophecy, of the coming of the Ana’nitia.’
‘The Dark Brotherhood, mon’pater? You mean those are not just stories?’
‘Where did you hear that name, boy? That scoundrel Tallis been spinning his yarns again, has he? I’ll boil his boots for breakfast.’
Tallis was a Royal Stableboy at Rodin’s castle. A grown man of twenty-three, he would often tell Tristan stories of the Old Ways and its magic. Tallis’ father, Terrence Silver-Tongue, was the Court Bard, and he had shared many of the tales told at Royal Festivals.
‘Tallis said when the Ana’nitia return to our world, the living will walk as the dead, for the Brotherhood are cursed souls that feast on human blood.’
‘Damn that blabbermouth,’ Rodin used tones of a grumbling mountain bear. ‘Better yet I’ll have my ox drag him through a hundred miles of peat, after I boil his boots. He had no business frightening you with those tales, Tristan.’ 
‘I like his stories. I’m only a little frightened. I know you will always be there to protect me.’
‘I may not always be though, my dearly beloved boy. Dark times are upon us. We must send word to the Nine Lords of the Council. And the King must hear of this.’
‘Our King, Father?’
‘Our King must know of it. Burn my bones! All the Kings must be told. The prophecies stipulate that the Lord of the Brotherhood will cast the lands into darkness and chaos. Kin shall betray kin. The seas will burn, and the skies will fall. Valleys will become oceans, mountains will crumble. The moon shall be as blood when the Lord of the Jinn announces his Return. The first sign will be the birth of the red-eyed Snow Wolf.’
‘I’m frightened now, Father. What are those words you are speaking?’
‘They are the Dark Prophecies, Tristan. They are old as the First Men, and they tell of the End of Days.’
‘Is there nothing we can do to stop it from ending?’
‘I will have to see about that.’ His father looked utterly bewildered. His gaze returned to the white pup being licked by Frostgale. ‘See that the pup gets room to feed. He’ll need his strength in the coming months. What name do you chose for the Lord of Wolves?’
Tristan sat staring at the Snow Wolf for some time. He had named the first four Avalanche, Stormblizzard, Gale and Winter. When he spoke, he felt that all his hopes were being forced into this tiny furry pup. ‘I name him Neverend.’ 
His father appeared to be choking back tears as he grumbled again, wiped his brow, and then smiled as he gazed down at Tristan, reaching out a giant’s palm to gently tussle his straight black hair. ‘You are a good son, Tristan. Resilient and you have a resourceful mind. I hope you are right. I hope it does never end.’


Chapter 1

The Shadow Awakens

Arathudria slept for eons, since time everlasting, and beyond time. What is sleep? What was time? Arathudria’s mind was scathed with holes, his memory in pieces. What is mind? What is memory? It had been so long since he had seen the light of day. An endless night everlasting he had slept. Forgetting what form, he once took, what hue of flesh, tint of fur, shade of eye. Memory, yes, slowly Arathudria regained and reorganized memories.
Arathudria was once King of the Blessed Ones, who ravaged the face of the Earth, biting, feeding; tasting fresh blood. It had been so long! The taste of blood was a longing in his bones that had been forsaken for time immemorial. How long has it been? Does day still turn into night? Does the moon still rise for his people to flourish under its deathly pale shimmer? How long? Are any of my people left?
Arathudria yawned, his jaw crackling like thick broken twigs as he inhaled air, into his lungs, for the first time since . . . forever! Light entered his eyes, horrid, ghastly, sunlight! But the light could not touch him here. I am safe, in this . . . stone, sulphur, lime, yes: this cave. I am safe as long as the sunlight does not reach me. He had to wake, and quickly.
Other bones snapped and contorted, creaking limbs, attached to leathery membranes. Wings, yes bat wings. I was born of the bat.
The urge to taste blood was excruciating. He could not live without it, not fully live and move in this world as he once did. Blood! I must have blood!
A shrieking peasant beast crawled within reach of one of his clawed fists. Arathudria struck hard and fast, clutching the creature that screamed and writhed. He bit down on the furred rodent to suck life bringing viscous joy from its veins and flesh.
It was as if he had reached for lightning and touched the Creator. Rejuvenation flowed from his lips and fangs, deep into the pit of rancid and decaying flesh that had lain rotting for millennia. The life bringing juice dribbled into his pores, his arteries, pumping blood to his forsaken heart.
Glimmer!
‘What fine day it is brother,’ Camellios shouted while riding by on his prancing grey foal. ‘The sun is burning brightly, ever so bright! Is it not wonderful to breathe the spring air and ride through the fields of many colours?’ 
Arathudria nearly lost balance on his mount, his prized racing stallion, Ketfolix. What madness is this? This never was? This could not be? Is it me? Arathudria?
‘Why does my Lord look so forlorn?’ Camellios asked, reining in the foal, his little brother glanced upwards with great concern. Though there was that childish grin he wore whenever he was playful. ‘Is it your head or your stomach, my Lord?’ And then he grinned even wider as he flourished a free hand in a deep bow from the saddle, ‘What ails ye’, my Count?’
Arathudria gazed towards the glowing beacon in the sky. The sunlight did not bother him. It was not that. It was the fact that the sun was not bothering him that had him so perplexed. My brother: Camellios?
Camellios suddenly looked quite troubled and put fingers to lips to whistle, and the thunder of hooves sounded to the west. Arathudria looked there to see a vanguard of riders approaching, amongst them was a beautiful woman with raven locks, eyes like jet stones and impressive bosom. My wife: Annabetha, my darling, long lost, wife?
‘Hi Ho, what troubles you, my Count?’ Annabetha asked when at his side. She rode a sleek pale mare with silver bells entwined within the ashen mane. ‘You look as if the Dark Lord stepped in and stole your soul.’
Glimmer!
Arathudria’s mouth was dry, yet he tasted fresh blood. He gorged on the filthy rat for all the life he could gain from it. Another crossed his path, perhaps drawn to the carnage, or some trick of his powers returning. He snatched the beast and squeezed its flesh till bright red juice drizzled onto his forked tongue. A wellspring of health coursed through his veins, life! He was alive again! Blood! More blood! More bloody blood!
Glimmer!
Count Arathudria Dra’Kulus read the letter of his wife’s suicide note. Tears stained the fine paper, blotting the fresh ink: he had never shed so many tears. In his heart a terrible ache had awoken, blinding agony that swept him on a path of boiling passionate rage! He swore vengeance on those that had kept him from her side, those who had sent false word that Arathudria had died in battle. And so, his beloved wife had taken her own life, as: in the words of her letter, ‘there could be no life without my One Love’. 
Arathudria howled like a wolf baying at the moon. He screamed like a madman whose mind is torn asunder. Storming through the castle, he killed men, women and children at will, by instinct, he was bred for murder, though never before this day would he say he had taken a life without justice being served. I care not for justice this day!
His sword was a venomous viper, claymore glowing crimson in the lantern lights that showed piles of dead or wounded. None were to be spared: he picked them off like flies, stabbing the fallen here, blade through an eye socket or throat as he searched for fresh victims.
But this was not the extent of his thirst for anarchy, as he progressed towards the Holy Grounds, where he would make his Covenant against God. There he would renounce all ties to the Church and sell his soul to the Maker of Darkness. Only then would he have the strength needed to avenge the loss of his Annabetha. 
Glimmer!
Arathudria roared with vehemence, his cry was that of a raging red dragon: the crystal palace shuddered. Bats swarmed above: screeching in a flurrying dance on the air. He stood and picked them off, one by one, savouring the fresh, warm, thick and delicious taste of bat blood turning stone back into bone, decay into fresh flesh, he sank his fangs deep as they screeched in agony and triumphant worship.



Chapter 2

Spring Thaw

The morning sky was scarlet and golden, warm, but with fat heavy droplets of rain falling across the calm seas. Matthew was up on deck practising his kinning source when the boat skewed through the harbour, towards the longest of the three stone piers. Uthumbria was not one of the great cities, but the seaport was expansive, to say the least. Eldarus watched the boy with a father’s fondness as he sat, eyes closed, deep in meditation. The small onyx scaled beast scratched at the wooden decking with its razor claws, wings spreading as if to take flight, though Utredius had barely flown more than a few seconds in the few days since his birth.
The men on the docks were busily unloading freight or sea-catch, but the Docks Master waved a fist like a cudgel at the boat’s arrival to the port, eyeing the crew warily with his one grey eye, the other masked with a patch marked with a red dagger. Farimus was once the most feared Pirate Trader on the Kintorin Seas, though he had lost a wager with King Uthrond, many years gone by, and had to give up his daring lifestyle to earn an honest wage.
‘Good morning to you, Old Sailor,’ Eldarus called with a sharp grin.
‘Good morn’ to ye’, Sorcerer,’ the man grumbled, ‘I’d have ordered to sink this damn vessel from a mile off, if I had no’ seen you on deck beforehand. Last time I saw a ship sailed by spectres, it was a grim scene that followed, that do be sure.’
The wraiths were barely visible in the morning’s glow, pale lines tracing the human forms of a number of male figures, including Captain Vortikhas at the wheel. ‘My men are well trained, I assure you, Farimus. What news in the capital?’
‘It do’ be dark days, my old Wizard pal, dark times indeed.’ The grim tone and demeanour of the man told him he was almost trembling with fear.
‘Well, speak man!’
‘Word is the King has been alerted to a possible . . . Return.’ Farimus had looked left and right before speaking; and cast his eye at the lad on deck before speaking the last.
‘You speak of a Return to Dark Days?’ Eldarus asked, half in shock. 
‘You do catch on quick, old man. I do’ no’ want to speak their name here, or ever, it do be said to be a curse to even utter their name. But the Winter Wolf do’ be Reborn, and his eyes do’ be said to glow like hot blood.’
‘What’s he talking about, im’pater?’ Matthew asked, moving up beside him on the deck. ‘The White Wolf, with red eyes?’
‘We will talk of this later, old friend,’ Eldarus said with a troubled gaze directed at the Dock Master. Farimus’s eyeball glared perplexed at the tiny dragon standing perched on Matthew’s dark cloaked shoulder. ‘So, the dragon do’ be Reborn too. So, it do’ be happening, all in line with Prophecy.’
‘What does he mean, Eldarus?’ Matthew asked with a pout, dark eyes staring up at him with slight irritation tinged with anxiety.
‘We will talk of it later, boy! Get up onto that dock and help an old man across.’ The boy did as he was asked, though before he could lend Eldarus a hand he found the steady grip of the thick muscled Pirate grasping his arm.
‘My bones nearly split with thirst,’ Eldarus complained with a light chuckle. ‘And there is barely a cord of muscle left on them.’
‘You do’ look young as the day we first met,’ Farimus replied when Eldarus planted both feet on the dock.
‘Cast off, Vortikhas!’ Eldarus shouted to the ship’s captain. The burning lacework apparition lifted a dark captain’s hat from his bone white skull—hollow caves for eye sockets—to wave farewell, as the vessel sailed back out to sea.
‘Where do’ they go when they go?’ Farimus asked as he watched the ship’s departure.
‘Oh, here, and there,’ was the only reply Eldarus could accurately give. 


*** 
Matthew played with Utredius, the little creature fanning its wings and screeching at high pitch each time Matthew threw the dragon a scrap of meat, before gobbling down the morsel that had been seared in the pan. But Matthew was really listening to the conversation between Eldarus and the old Pirate Trader, Farimus. 
They were trying to keep their voices low, but Utredius fed Matthew a strain of the kinning source, enough for Matthew to focus his hearing on the voices at the far end of the hall. The two men sat beside the brick hearth where a warm fire burned on fat logs, golden curls rising through the darkened chimney. Farimus’ home was formed of bricks of many shades of red and yellow, with lanterns lighting the walls and a small chandelier. The candles had melted down two thirds while the men sat together. 
A large green parrot with a red-yellow beak also perched on a grandfather clock, the bird making soft ticking sounds in rhythm with the timepiece. Calaflan was its name, and it kept a beady eye fixed cautiously upon Utredius the entire time.
Sharing a flagon of fine apple brandy, the pair had the look of being under the spell of drink, though Matthew knew this was a trick of Eldarus’s, to appear more affected than he truly was, to glean what information he could from a wagging tongue.
‘I do know no more than this, old pal,’ Farimus insisted, ‘word came with the first ships before morning. The signs do tell the tale, though, no?’
‘So, it seems,’ Eldarus replied. ‘What do the kings intend to do about it?’
‘That be your place to give council, I do have no business talking to kings.’
‘Quite right: and I shall have to speak with all of them, very soon.’
After a pause, while Eldarus tapped his crystal tumbler with a fat golden ring, Farimus spoke up again to say, ‘I did hear one other rumour this evening,’ to which Matthew focused his hearing even closer. ‘I did hear that the Princess of Tegea did also summon the Red Phoenix not two days past.’
‘That is perhaps more relief than cause for alarm,’ Eldarus replied. ‘Without the phoenix bird, we would be swamped in a winter without end. Facing that, at the same time as a return of the Ana’nitia, could be the worst possible outcome I could foresee.’
‘So, we do be saved then?’
‘It is too early to tell. I will journey to Tegea after speaking with the kings of this realm, to see what more I can learn. The real question is whether the Vampire King has truly arisen, and when, and where. Our only hope is to strike hard and fast, to eliminate our enemy once and for all, before his infection spreads.’
‘My people were raised on the tales of the Old Ways, and we do fear the chance of such days visiting us once more. I do have many friends on the sea, if you need ships, you come to me first.’
‘We will have need of many ships, first to bring soldiers, but perhaps also to evacuate cities and holds. The bite of the Ana’nitia is swift: the plague is said to spread like no other disease we’ve ever known.’
Matthew realised his teeth were starting to chatter. He was trembling all over. Still he was shocked when Eldarus gazed his way, staring into his eyes as the old Wizard growled, ‘You eavesdrop, boy?’ He did not look pleased about it.
‘Only a little,’ Matthew managed between shivering jaws.
‘Well, you might as well hear the rest of it.’ Eldarus wore that kind fatherly gaze he spared for times like these. ‘Get over here, boy, and bring that wretched beast with you.’
Matthew pushed himself up onto legs that were quite numb from sitting crossed so long. He stamped his boots on the slate tiles to get some feeling back, then walked zigzagged toward the two men at the fireplace. Utredius screeched and followed, flapping his wings to lift a little off the ground every few steps. Matthew turned back to watch and giggled. ‘Come on, Utredius! We’re gonna hear a great story!’ The pair sat between the two men’s chairs, and the warmth of the flames brought some strength back to his core. He still shivered as he rubbed palms together briskly then held them up before the fire.
‘Yes, get warm boy.’ Farimus barked like an old wolf.  ‘There do be a terrible chill on the air this evening.’
‘Yes, and I only kept the boy away from the flames so we could have our little talk.’ Eldarus rubbed Matthew’s right shoulder as he spoke. ‘I forget that the little ones can freeze in these temperatures.’ He slapped his back gently as Matthew coughed.
‘I was just a bit frightened, im’pater. I heard you speak of the Vampire King.’
‘Vampire King!’ Calaflan repeated, earning him a growl from Farimus. The bird bobbed its head nervously: wings fluttering.
‘I do have a fine coat for you, boy,’ Farimus said in a soft rumble, after the two men exchanged glances. ‘It will warm your bones if nothing else will.’ 
‘Do not be frightened, Matthew, my boy,’ Eldarus sighed when Farimus stood and paced through a darkened archway. ‘I will protect you as long as I am able.’
‘How long will that be?’ Matthew asked with a pout. The old man cackled at that, stroking his long white beard before replying, ‘Well, as long as needs be. How’s that, lad?’
Matthew knew Eldarus was very old, older than any other mortal man alive, much older in fact. The Elves lived forever, or so he’d heard, but Matthew had heard Eldarus talk of knowing the Elven King when the king himself, was just a lad. And the Elven King was very old!
‘Will you protect everyone, im’pater?’
‘That lad is something I cannot promise. But I will keep my eyes on you every second there is danger afoot. All hope depends on you, Matthew. Not just to rule your people, but perhaps to also lead the battles that will eventually destroy the Vampire King.’
Matthew stared up at the man in wonder, his eyes flooded with yet unshed tears of excitement and terror. ‘I could not possibly! I’m just a boy!’
‘Boy!’ Calaflan repeated, ‘Just a boy!’
‘Yes, a boy you are now, but some day, you will be a grown man.’ Eldarus twisted the ends of one of his long drooping moustaches. ‘And if I can have my way about it, by then you shall command an empire that will cover all the known lands of the earth.’ 
‘So you’ve said before,’ Farimus replied when he carefully laid the heavy blue woollen coat over Matthew’s shoulders, nearly drowning him in its many folds. But the way he placed that coat around him, Matthew felt he was being ordained as that great king.
Utredius snaked into the opening of the layers and crouched in between the folds, his tail flicking against Matthew’s shins like a light but frenzied little whip. 
‘Look, im’pater! He thinks he’s in a cave!’
‘Perhaps he does at that boy. Does he not tell you what he’s thinking?’
Matthew gazed at the old Wizard in astonishment. ‘You mean, does he speak to my mind?’
‘Well, does he?’ The old man lit his pipe with a flame that danced upon his thumb, formed of thin air and glowing pale blue. Taking a few good puffs, he blew grey smoke in rings as he glared down at Matthew, ‘Does he, boy?’
‘I’m not exactly sure,’ Matthew replied. ‘Maybe sometimes I get a thought, or a feeling, that’s not quite my own, while he’s feeding me the kinning. Like before when I was listening in.’
‘Eavesdropping boy, you were eavesdropping, but no matter.’
‘I’m hungry!’ Matthew sobbed. He had only had a light snack of scones and butter at breakfast in the palace. Oh yes, and a slice of thick toasted bread with butter and jam for lunch. But it was getting late, and Eldarus seemed to have forgotten about dinner.
‘I’ll fix us up some fine spreads,’ Farimus grumbled and made his way to the larder, but not before filling Eldarus’s glass, from the clay flagon sitting on the table beside his armchair. Matthew watched as Eldarus pretended to take a large gulp, yet his keen eyes saw that much of the liquid vanished before reaching his lips. Magic!
‘Why do you pretend so, im’pater? Do you not trust this man?’
‘It’s not that, lad. If I drank as much as he poured, why, I’d be rolling around the floor before long, and hissing like a snake with laugher.’
‘Oh, you’re nothing like a snake, Eldarus! You’re a fox, a white fox, wise and gentle.’
‘My dear boy, you’re too kind. Though, you’ve never seen me pickled. The last time I went on a bender, I summoned the Lesser Demon Kalmaxtrix.’
‘And then what happened?’
‘Well, before I started to dry out, he’d burned down half of Lord Melboli’s castle.’
Matthew and Eldarus were still chuckling when Farimus returned with a platter of cheeses, bread and peppered venison. ‘It do’ no’ be a meal fit for a king, but it’s the finest I could scrape together. Humblest apologies: my king.’
‘Just don’t go around calling him that where anyone else can hear you,’ Eldarus replied with a wide grin.
Those words reminded Matthew of something his mother had told him before he left her. ‘Be wary of revealing your status to strangers. There are those that would see a helpless child, easily dispatched, before they saw and admired their future king.’
But in four years, Matthew would be nearly full grown. Some would even consider him a man. Utredius would be much bigger too. By then, with an army behind him, Matthew would have all the protection he needed.
 

Chapter 3


The Tree King


Tristan sat in the courtyard of the Duke’s Palace. Frostgale lay by his feet with her pups suckling at her teats. Rodin was Duke of Old Kohl’s Shire, bordered to the south and west by Sheridens Forest. The forest stretched for hundreds of miles along the Duke’s Road, headed towards the capital, Lindonium. 
But today Tristan’s mind did not stretch so far beyond his own borders. His concern was for his father’s words. The Ana’nitia were returning, and the birth of the Snow Wolf was a major sign of the Return. Tristan was seated on paved grey stone that surrounded a raised fountain, clear waters filled it with many red-and-white striped fish, each the size of a wolfhound pup. They swam through the lily reeds and rose to make splashes where Tristan tossed small handfuls of pellets consisting of mixed vegetables and dried meats.
‘You look sullen today, boy!’ Feligrihir pronounced in deep baritones. Tristan looked up in surprise, though the old man often appeared without Tristan noticing his approach, even on a bright clear day. The man had once told him it had to do with light and shadows. And sight lines. His steps were also silent: today he wore soft leather slippers under his grey-blue velvet robe with gold lined cuffs. ‘Your father told me what’s been troubling you,’ his deep blue eyes changed from concern to empathy as he said, ‘Tristan, do not worry for your father or your family. The Eastwarden will ensure our boundaries are kept safe.’
‘But my father is Warden of the East,’ Tristan replied with tears filling his eyes. ‘Who will watch out for him while he’s protecting our borders?’
‘Why my boy, it will certainly not be me.’ Feligrihir gave a light-hearted chuckle before seating himself on the paved fountain ledge. ‘Perhaps you will be old enough to join him, soon I think.’ His large round eyes glared through his spectacles like a tawny frogmouth. The Court Bard and Alchemist had watched over Tristan since birth, like a grandfather. 
‘Tell me a story, Wirraman,’ Tristan insisted. ‘Make it a nice one this time, not one with any demons and such.’
Feligrihir smiled warmly, ‘Not sure that I know any without some sort of evil folk involved, boy.’ 
‘Tell me the one about Ardua and the Tree King.’
‘I think that has a few demons in it there somewhere.’
‘Tell it anyway. The Festival is only ten days away.’
‘Yes, the Three-Day Festival of Ardua and the Tree King,’ Feligrihir replied. ‘What parts do you wish to hear?’
‘All of it!’
‘All of it?’ the man asked with bushy grey eyebrows rising like furry caterpillars. ‘It would take me the better part of a week to relate the Songs of the Branch Weavers, not to mention the Songs of Mourning. Pick a part, something that relates to the Festival.’
‘I can’t pick a part I like best about a story like that, Wirraman,’ Tristan replied with an earnest sigh. ‘Some stories have to be told in full.’
‘I doubt you’ve heard even a fraction of the true length of that tale, Tristan. The Son of Aman lived for thirty years or more before he became the Tree King. There are many deeds even a simple man can complete in such time, though El’Tihir was greater than any other man to ever live.’
‘Is it just a story?’ Tristan asked, throwing another handful to the fish. ‘I mean, just a myth, like the Revellers of Baraduresh, and the Seventy Towers of Josaia’Seth, and the one about the Three Barrow Kings?’
Feligrihir’s eyebrows drew down in a line, as he straightened his spectacles to glare at Tristan with some agitation. ‘You’d be wise to keep such questions to yourself, dear boy. There are some that would not take kindly to hearing them, even from an innocent child.’
‘Are you accusing me of blasphemy?’
‘Some would,’ the man replied with snort. ‘I’m not so sure. As a Master Storyteller, I have had to learn over eight hundred entire stories by heart, every word, every line and letter,’ he pointed to his skull, ‘stored up here.’
‘You mean you keep them under your hat?’
‘Don’t play games with me boy,’ he snarled, snatching his wide-brimmed purple wizard’s hat from his bushy grey head. ‘I don’t keep them in my hat, I remember them!’
‘Of course, it was just a joke.’
‘I’ll remember that for next time,’ his eyes were smiling again. ‘But boy, some say that all stories can be traced back to an older version of themselves, going back through time immemorial. After memorizing so many of those stories, I begin to see threads of similarities between them.’
‘Like how, what do you mean threads?’
‘Similar plotlines if you will. One that springs to mind is synonymous with you and I right here right now. They call it, the Horns of Destiny. It refers to a time when a mentor will set his young apprentice on the path to his adventure, like the sounding of a horn precedes leading men into a charge on the battlefield.’ 
‘Papa says I have to serve as the Steward to the Tegean Princess. Will I need to do any fighting?’
‘If necessary, though, your father has surely explained your duties as Soulwarden, for now anyway. Your primary role will be to provide advice when requested. I have great trust that your arrows will cut down any man that wishes to harm her.’
 ‘Is she pretty?’
‘Princess Cybele? Why I’ve heard many reports of her beauty, some from those who’ve actually laid eyes on the girl. But you are to serve and protect, not to wed, young man. Don’t get your hopes up when you think you’re about to drown in her big emerald eyes.’
‘Why do I have to serve as Soulwarden? Why doesn’t her eldest brother perform the role? I’ve heard he’s pretty good with a spear.’ 
‘Tradition mostly, Tristan, arranged marriages and other such traditions forge strong alliances. It keeps nations from going to battle, economies improve, winners all around.’
‘I’d hate to be forced to marry Lady Elysia,’ Tristan said with arms crossed. ‘She calls me slow-witted.’
‘Does she now?’ Feligrihir was hiding a smirk behind his hand after scooping up an assortment of herbs he must’ve been picking for his alchemy. He waved a crimson hurtswane pod under his nostrils, sniffed: then placed them back on the paving. ‘Women are hard to predict, at the best of times. I do think the Lady Elysia favours you to your younger brother Robert.’
‘He’s a baby,’ Tristan said with a scowl. ‘She would hardly want to marry him.’
‘Perhaps someday she might if she decides you have no interest.’ Tristan chose to change the subject. He was sure he must be blushing. ‘I don’t care who she marries. Tell me the story of how the Tree King came into the world.’
‘Same old story, virgin gives birth to Saviour Child, wizards visit the babe to pray. That is a story old as the sprites and fae, my boy.’
‘Now who is guilty of heresy?’ Tristan asked aghast.
‘A little joke just between us then,’ the man adjusted his spectacles casually as his eyes suddenly darted left and right to see if anyone was near enough to overhear. ‘No really boy, I don’t know up from down about where the stories began and how to sort the truth from the myths. Does it even matter?’
‘What about Aman then? Does he exist?’
‘The Eromulari would split me with an axe if I denied it!’ He spoke in an emphatic whisper. ‘They’ve imposed monotheism upon our people for generations. They’d do it double quick if I even suggested the Son of Aman was a myth too.’
‘Are you saying they don’t exist?’
‘I’m saying our gods always served us well enough, before the Eromulari charged in and changed everything. I know that’s no myth, I’ve read the record books.’
‘You mean the historical scrolls in the Great Library of Arc De’Trey?’
‘Yes boy.’
‘Isn’t that where the myths come from too?’
‘Yes, what of it?’
‘Well then,’ he sat thinking about it with a serious frown, ‘how do you tell which ones are historical; and which ones are myths?’
‘The myths are in the Myths Catalogue.’
‘Do you speak truly?’
‘Of course not, boy, I was joking!’ Frostgale turned her head sharply at his tone, a very low growl sounding from her throat, and now the old man wore a solemn frown, as if the thought was just dawning upon him. ‘It relates to evidence boy, witnessed accounts, recorded testimony, time and degree of witnesses that separate from the recorded event.’
‘What’s a degree of witnesses?’
‘Remember your lessons. Firsthand witnesses see the event with their own eyes, hear with their own ears, sometimes they get to touch the event as it takes place, or are touched by it, affected physically in some way.’
‘Sorry, I remember, and second and third hand witnesses are those that are told of the event by firsthand witnesses, and the chain goes on and testimony gets more doubtful with each retelling. Sorry Wirraman.’
‘Do you even know what that name means, Tristan; that name that you call me?’
‘What does it mean?’
‘In Old Tegean it is pronounced Wyr’Rhi’Aman, and it means “They Who Serve the One True God.”’
‘But you said you prefer your old gods better, just now!’
‘I do prefer them, Tristan, but don’t tell anyone I said that either. I’ll deny it.’
‘Then why does everyone call you that name? I’ve heard father call you that since I could crawl.’
‘Because the bloody Eromulari make people call me that, that’s why! And because of old ties between Tegean and Romulean rulers, maintains strong trade routes, gold, silver, iron, copper and bronze, transported along the Fertile Riverlands of Tegea between the two deserts. Riverboats to transport precious cargo, including sandstone, granite and marble, remember your studies before you ask such questions.’
‘What does trade have to do with the One God?’
‘To the Eromulari, it has everything to do with it.’ He was composed again, running a hand through his bushy grey beard that fanned to his waist. ‘But now we’re jumping to philosophy.’
‘So, let me get this right, you say stories that include miracles like the Tree King, are dubious because they talk of magic, even though there are many firsthand witnesses, but that the Eromulari, an entire people, preach the Word of Aman because it makes them money?’
‘You’re too smart for your own good, boy. Keep those words to yourself.’
‘What about my story?’
‘Oh, yes, now then. The tale of the Tree King. The heavily edited version.’

*** 
‘Long ago, Ardua, the Many-Faced God, was King of the Mountains beyond the Realm of Men, high in the Cloud Realm. And in these days, it was unusual for a Maker of Magic to have learnt more than one Element, and although this is also the case today, there was a time when many Magicians, Sorceresses, Spellcasters and the like, would learn more than one Elemental Wielding. 
‘It was, however, still very rare, for a Maker of Magic to learn more than two Elements, in one lifetime.
‘Then, during the Age of Spiritual Reckoning, a child was born who was said to be the offspring of Ardua, who was said to have mated with a mortal woman. The child’s name was Manu’Atua, and he was skilled in magic from a young age.
‘There came a day when Manu’Atua was a man himself, and he fathered a son, who was named El’Tihir. This name meant Cloudwalker. His father, Manu’Atua’s name meant, Descendant of Gods. Though El’Tihir was not given this name when first born.
‘For in this Age of Spiritual Reckoning, the Seeking for the Source, which was the Pathway to Entering True Magic, was often obtained by first learning to Ride the Winds. This was the skill learnt by those who were then known as the Cloudwalkers, and those that obtained the skill were also given the name El’Tihir, though in their case it was as a registry of their level of rank.
‘And so, it was the same with young El’Tihir, who was as a lad named Sor’Ra’Kenma, and this name, given to him by his mother, meant, Offspring of the Monkey-Faced God. For this was another name for the Many-Faced God, who was El’Tihir’s grandfather.’ 
‘Is this a genealogy, or a story?’ Tristan interrupted.
‘Yes, yes, just going through the backstory first, boy. Patience, please.’
‘And so, it was one fine spring morning, when El’Tihir first learnt to Walk the Clouds. At first, he could only step from one cloud to another, by moving from the ground to one of the lowest clouds in the sky, first, before he could reach one that was higher. Though, as he was of the blood of gods, it was not long before El’Tihir could leap from one side of the heavens to another in a single bound. During his time in the heavens, he met his grandfather, the Monkey King, or the Many-Faced God as he was also known.
‘Ardua, the Monkey King, gifted his grandson many Secrets Into the Ways of Magic, during their time spent together in the heavens, and it was from these secret lessons, that El’Tihir eventually learnt the Secret Magics of all Five Elemental Sources. El’Tihir had already mastered the Element of Air, for which Cloudwalkers were most commonly known, and the other four were Water, Earth, Fire and Spirit. It is believed, that if a mortal ever masters all five of these basic Magic Sources, they would then have power over all of the world, reality, time and space, to the point that they would then become gods themselves.’
‘So El’Tihir is the Monkey King?’ Tristan asked.
‘Not exactly boy, weren’t you listening?’ Feligrihir replied. ‘In a way he is one and the same with his grandfather, though he is also the descendant of the Many-Faced God.’
‘What about Creator, Seed and Sacred Presence?’ Tristan asked. ‘Aren’t they all one and the same? The Eternal Cycle of the Serpent of Flame?’
‘Yes, yes, very good boy, but you’re missing the point. While his grandfather was an Immortal God, El’Tihir was a Demi-God, half mortal, as was his father. El’Tihir was in fact born of two generations of half mortal bloodlines, so he was very different to his grandfather in make and might. Still, they say there has never been another one like him!’
‘Mortal or Demi-God?’
‘Neither one of them like him ever before; nor ever since, boy,’ Feligrihir adjusted his spectacles with owl eyes glaring.
‘So, then what happened? Tell me why he is also the Tree King.’
‘You play games with me, Tristan. You know this tale as well as I do.’
‘Tell me anyway,’ he smiled up at his teacher.
‘Very well.’

El’Tihir was not so unlike a mortal man in appearance, at least for his upbringing. There was a kind of Elfish way about him, he was tall and thin, muscular and youthful with pixie ears. His skin was slightly tanned, flowing dark hair that was said to burn like midnight, his eyes great pools of shadow like some stalking panther. That was before he Divided, and it was said that women nearly fainted whenever he entered a room, for he was so striking and beautiful.
Now, there was another exceptional Magic Way, of which El’Tihir was perhaps the greatest of his kind, that of Division, or the Art of the Divider.
This Magic Way was the ability to Divide any object into two, and so creating another duplicate of the first item. This might not seem very useful at first, but what if you had only one egg, and two mouths to feed. Those with El’Tihir’s rare ability, could Divide the egg, to create two eggs, or four, or eight, and so on. In this way, one egg could feed an army. And this is exactly what El’Tihir did, for an army he was marching with in the Age of Spiritual Reckoning, when they rested, for one afternoon, during a retreat from a great demon army.
The demons had routed their forces: and outnumbered the warriors by at least one hundred demons for every warrior. But this was not the half of it!
For amongst the demon forces were some of the most foul and terrifying of beasts ever to walk the Earth. There were common demons by the hundreds of thousands, man sized beings of shadow flesh and eyes of flame, but there were other creatures forged from nightmares. Some stood so tall and were so muscular and scaled, even the Gor’Ora’Drhrin would not face them in battle. These demons were so foul and terrifying that their very gaze could turn a man to crystal bone or shatter them into a pillar of burning dust. Those warriors amongst the army that were immortals, such as the Elves and Demi-Gods amongst them, were impervious to these dark spells, but there were tens of thousands of mortals amongst those forces that could not stand in the presence of these demons without being turned to ashes and dust.
The losses were heavy on both sides, as the forces of good fought bravely and with unwavering might, despite knowing they could not win. They used cunning, stealth and methods of combat that have been lost to legend, though there was little hope of escape, as the enemy continued to push them towards the Cliffs of Ardua, that were said to climb to the very heavens they were so tall.
The army knew that their last hope would be an attempt at climbing the craggy cliff face, in hope of finding a cave to climb into, though it was steep as a vertical right angle. The demon forces arrived too soon however, and even El’Tihir could not fight them on his own to allow his people to escape. The army would be crushed like grapes against the stone cliffs.
And so, El’Tihir made request to his grandfather to send the Gods to his aid. His call was not answered, and when the demon armies began to advance and devour the front defence lines, El’Tihir cried to the heavens, “Why have you abandoned us!”
In his moments of grief and lost hope, El’Tihir gave his life, by Dividing his Soul, one part pure, the other half tainted.
Now this is the important part, boy,’
‘I’m listening,’
‘To Divide the Soul is the most dangerous spell a Divider can ever cast. This is because it creates an imbalance of pure and impure energies that form the Sacred Presence. This was only attempted one other time in history, and that is a tale for another time.
However, when El’Tihir Divided his Soul, he allowed the pure half to transform into a great seed as tall and wide as a full-grown man. This seed was planted in the earth by a blinding bolt of fire that launched from the peaks of the Cliff of Ardua. 
Then the Great Tree Yurg’En’Drassil began to sprout from the earth, and the armies were soon rushing to grasp hold of the leaves, branches and twisting vines that rose and spread to collect all of those desperate souls that still fought with breath in their lungs. Though there were many that sacrificed themselves so that others could be lifted up into the air by the Great Yurg’En’Drassil, tens of thousands of lives were lost that day in fact, though many more were saved.
When the Great Tree climbed into the heavens of the Cliffs of Ardua, the trunk spread wide and thick, though after all the lives that could be saved were climbing into the sky, there were no new branches for the demons to be carried upwards also, and so they could not pursue.
Enraged by this, the Demon Lords ordered the tree be cut down and burnt, so that those above could never be free. But there was no fire they created, and no blade they forged that could dent the Mighty Oak.
The legends say those peoples escaped to the Mountains of Ardua: and became Angels in Service to Ardua and the Gods, though Ardua gave great lamentation for the loss of his grandson.
‘Though the legends also say, that when Dividing his Soul, the part that was negative energy re—’ 
‘Tristan!’ his stepmother called. ‘It’s time for your riding lesson. Be quick, to the stables, my son.’
‘We’re in the middle of a very important story, Mumma!’ Tristan pleaded, but there was nothing for it. He groaned in frustration. ‘We pick this up later. After supper. I’ll meet you in the small library. Bring a book with pictures?’ 
‘I will have devised your evening lesson by then, young master. Now, be off with you.’
Tristan was halfway to running when he looked down to the wolf and her cubs before shouting, ‘You’ll take her back to my quarters, won’t you?’
‘Not a problem!’ he almost grunted, at which point Frostgale began to growl, as Feligrihir waved goodbye with a nervous grin.
‘Thanks for the story, Wyr’Rhi’Aman!’

Chapter 4: 

Awareness

Count Arathudria Dra’Kulus, who would now call himself, Drahkuhl, stepped upon stones still warm from the recent setting of the sun. Heat did not harm him, however. Only the Light.
His eyes marked out the landscape. Memories returned. The shape of miles of farmland surrounding the high hillside where he stood, told him this place was once the Kingdom of Horse Hill. 
His mind retraced the ruins where great towers had once stood as lookouts along the rolling meadows. His eyes could even mark out where ancient cities had once littered this landscape. Now they were only phantom memories and crumbling stone.
Moving down the shale covered hillside, he eventually stepped onto fresh green pasture. Moving as a shadow wraith, black as pitch, he transformed his body into that of a stalking black wolf. The wolf sniffed the air, catching the scent of a nearby mortal.
A sheepherder, sleeping under a tree with the flock nearby. The sheep would provide what he needed. Enough blood to see his journey through the night to another cave or dwelling. 
Yet it had been long since Drahkuhl had tasted human blood, and it was this rich delicacy that truly aided his powers. His body was still quite weak, even after feasting on so many rodents. He would take the shepherd as his first human kill. The old man’s blood was sweet. Fresh. Juicy. He woke in terror at the first bite, a hollow wail passed his lips as Drahkuhl savoured the thick layers of hot blood. Dripping from his chin as he gorged on the victim, covering the shepherd’s mouth with a large black paw. Drahkuhl’s body morphed from that of a shadow, to a great bat-winged demon, and then back to the wolf, several times as he drained his victim dry. He drank until he heard the last beat of the shepherd’s heart. Then drank some more.
He could’ve spared the man enough blood to be his first servant, though the need for his rich blood, and that delicious taste, overpowered his need with pure greed.
The wolf passed behind Horse Hill. Later, emerging as a man with a bent-backed posture, wielding a wooden shepherd’s crook. He wore only black. Dark as shadows. A conical black wide brimmed hat kept his face hidden. A shaggy black beard curled across his face and chest, tinged with white. He had the look of a Magician. Though he had not been seen in this land for many an age. 
Drahkuhl searched out into the world with his thought. Searched for any remnant of ancient power that may aid him in his quest to dominate these forsaken people. His thought flickered across lands and over sea, sending him visions, sounds, tastes and feelings. He found three great sources of magic. They were linked to his awakening, in a way. A wolf, dragon, and phoenix. He would harness the might of these spirit wardens as fuel for his ascent to rule. All were protected by magic. The young boy protecting the baby dragon seemed the perfect place to strike first.
Drahkuhl created a rift in space. A doorway to another realm where demons ruled. Some called it hell. The first he could see was the two-headed wolf. A descendant of Cerberus who guarded the Gates of Hell. Though, the prey he sought were across many miles of water. There were others he could see that may be fitting for the task. His strength would only allow him to bring over one. He chose a demon sorcerer. The Jinn-Magician was ancient and powerful. He could be controlled, however.  
When the rift closed, a tall figure stood before him, robed in scarlet and sapphire. The jinn wielded a black twisted staff; a large ruby clutched in a gold fist at the tip. The ruby was a conduit for the power of the jinn. Now released, it could use the staff to travel great distances in this realm. Drahkuhl could not journey with him, not yet at least. His own return to power was tied up in these surrounding lands. He could not be free of them until he gained certain artefacts of power to release him of its bonds.
He gave two simple orders. ‘Bring me the dragon. Kill the boy.’
The Jinn-Magician’s ruby stone flared bright crimson. Red sparks burst into the sky. But then, nothing. The jinn shrugged his shoulders, its ebony skinned face covered in a white mask slashed blood red and gold. Curved bull horns rising from the temples.
Drahkuhl would need more blood to fuel the transportation. Those scattered sheep would have to suffice.

*** 
Matthew was awoken by Utredius’s chirps and squawks. They were quite urgent, so Matthew rolled onto his back, sat upright, and rubbed his eyes. There was a faint blueness to the light of the room where he slept. He was on a pallet with padded mattress, blankets, and pillow. Eldarus still snored in the single bed stationed against the right wall. It was cold, the fire in the other room must have died down hours ago. Still, there was nothing that should have alarmed the dragon. 
Utredius flapped his tiny wings and danced on clawed legs, jumping a foot or two off the ground every third squeak or chirrup. 
‘What’s wrong, boy?’ Eldarus asked, the old man had woken and rubbed his bearded chest. He grunted like a bear waking at spring’s thaw. 
‘It’s cold, im’pater,’ Matthew replied. ‘Perhaps that’s why he’s fretting.’
‘Be a good lad and get the fire going, eh boy?’ Eldarus rolled over and soon his breathing returned to a sleeping rhythm.
‘But what if it’s … ’ He grimaced as Eldarus began to snore obnoxiously. He wondered if the old man was faking it!
He threw his blanket aside, moving to the larger room to stoke the fire. It was mostly grey ash when he entered the room, though the red coals were burning bright underneath. He put smaller kindling on first, breaking twigs from a nearby bronzed pot. There were larger branches and then some logs that Matthew would struggle to lift on his own. But he was nearly a teenager. He could do it.
He was wearing a too-big pair of forge-fire gloves that Old Farimus had left out for him. It was considerate of the Pirate Trader. His hospitality earlier in the evening had also been very suitable for the son of Utred Eaglehawk. 
Utredius was still panicking over something. He had woken the large green parrot Calaflan, who was now doing a wing waving dance upon his perch with squawks of discontent. ‘What is it with you two?’ Matthew asked slowly as he placed a few thicker branches on the flames, that licked the wood like devil’s tongues. 
He went back to his bedside and lifted one of the blankets off the top, wrapping it over his shoulders as he slowly paced back towards the fire in the other room. The slate tiles felt like ice beneath his stockinged feet.
He was trying to lift one of the larger logs onto the flames when Utredius began to hoot and holler in a wild state! Matthew spun to see a very tall thin figure standing over him. Whatever it was, it wore a white mask slashed red and gold, with black horns like a bull rising from the temples. Its robe was blue and red. It wielded a staff. A great stone at its tip burned with intense crimson light.
Matthew hardly realised he had dropped the log of wood on the hearth before turning, and the scent of smoke alerted him to the fact that his blanket was aflame. He stood staring in horror as webs of ice spread across the walls.
The figure reached a clawed fist towards Matthew. The forge gloves slipped free as his arms fell helplessly at his sides. Suddenly Eldarus stumbled into the room, muttering, ‘What is with that blasted dragon, boy?’ The old wizard seemed to come to his senses as he took in the scene. The demon creature turned to face Eldarus upon his entry. As they stared at each other across the room, Matthew found the courage to dance out of his blanket. By instinct he threw the blanket over the creature. Flames surged up the cloth in a triumphant splendour. Matthew guessed that was Eldarus adding a little magic. Bright orange fire, then blue and green. 
The demon roared. The sound was like nothing Matthew had ever heard. Fierce. Terrifying. Evil.
‘Run, boy!’ Eldarus cried in rasping tones. ‘To me, boy! To me, now!’
A surge of vitality rushed through the fear. He bent to snatch up Utredius, then bolted towards the wizard. His fingers had scraped against the tiles while picking up the dragon. He feared by the pain he was bleeding, perhaps having lost a few fingernails. But he did not stop.
‘Farimus!’ Eldarus cried. ‘Farimus, get up you Old Sea Dog!’ Eldarus did not have his walking staff. His magic would be limited, though his voice was booming in a way that told Matthew there was power involved. ‘Demon in the house! Up, now man!’ As the thought entered his mind, Matthew was suddenly scrambling through the other doorway. He rushed to Eldarus’s bedside. Fetching the staff.
He was running back towards the wizard when a great white light filled the doorway. There was a distant humming. He knew it was coming from the next room. But it could have been miles away. Then a rumble. Thunder. The walls of the next room blasted to shreds, stone and timber collapsed as Farimus rushed to grasp Matthew. The Pirate Trader threw him over the shoulder with the dragon in the other hand. Matthew dropped the staff as all turned to darkness. The room was filling with smoke and dust. He choked and spluttered. The scent of charcoal filled his nostrils.
Farimus charged through the house to exit and run through the streets in a wild frenzy. ‘I got you boy!’ He shouted. ‘Do no’ fear!’
‘We have to save Eldarus!’ Matthew cried. 
‘That Old Buzzard can look after ’is’self far better than you or me, lad! Best we use what time we have.’
‘You are a good man, Farimus.’ Matthew whispered amongst tears.
‘I will no’ fail ye’ my king!’
‘My king! My king!’ Came the repeated chant, that told Matthew that Calaflan had somehow escaped, and must be flying above Farimus’ head!
There was still a growing scent of smoke in the air. Matthew guessed some of the fires had spread to other buildings. The sea port town was coming awake in the middle of the night. Lamp lights flared from windows bright amber as Matthew looked left and right down the laneways as Farimus charged. Matthew was very disoriented, due to the fact that he was effectively flying backwards upside down!
City bells sounded the alarm, to alert the City Watch and perhaps also start an effort to put out the spreading flames. The firefighters would have a hard time stopping this one. But perhaps if Eldarus was still alive … he wailed with tears welling again as Farimus changed directions. The smell of sea salt filled his lungs. 
‘Are we headed for the docks?’ Matthew asked.
‘We are, indeed, King Matthew. Fastest way I know to get as far from this place as possible.’
‘Couldn’t we find horses?’
‘We might, if we ‘ad more time. But I stand on sea legs, lad. Mine were not made for riding hard. We set sail and wait for the wizard to send word.’
Soon he could hear the thump of the wooden docks beneath Farimus’ feet. Fishermen were preparing nets in their boats, though most were looking back towards the town. A red-golden glow tracing lines across that side of their silver-moonlit figures. Smoking long stemmed pipes and wearing overalls and flat floppy caps, they had the look of men conflicted over whether to chase the morning’s catch or stay to help put out the fires.
Farimus was suddenly bellowing. ‘Look lively lads! Prepare to cast off! We’ve got a devil on our heels!’ Matthew felt the world heave as Farimus charged up the boarding plank. When Matthew was set down on the deck, he had a better chance to look around. This looked like the Pirate Trader’s own vessel, particularly by the way the crew obeyed his every order like they feared his wrath.
The Pirate Trader shouted a number of other orders as the men hoisted the sails and lifted the loops of rope from the docks. When they began to move out onto the water Farimus urged Matthew to get below deck. They trudged down several stairways to reach the Captain’s Cabin. It was a fairly large space with a thick wooden desk, a bed, two chairs and an old chest large enough to fit a bison.
‘I do no’ like to tell ye’ this, lad,’ Farimus said with sad eyes, ‘but ye’ need to get in there. It will float plenty good if we strike more trouble. And I need to hide ye’ as best as I’m able.’
Matthew held Utredius as he stared up at the dark-bearded, one-eyed pirate with the king parrot on his shoulder repeating, ‘Up on deck. Up on deck.’
‘I trust you,’ Matthew said. Then he was climbing into the chest that was well padded with cloaks and robes of finely cut wool and silk. 
‘That smaller chest holds gold, lad. You use it if we get separated.’ He left the chest but threw a bunch of golden goblets and jewelled relics over his shoulder that clattered against the wooden cabin floor. ‘Keep quiet, lad. It will be dark in here. Try to be brave.’
Matthew gave his bravest salute to the Sea Captain before the lid closed. Utredius wailed as darkness closed around them. He heard the clasps lock tight after it closed. He wondered how much air he had in here. 
He could faintly hear the clatter of those golden objects being collected and hidden away elsewhere. It sounded as if the man was doing his best to hide him.
He heard boots thumping back up the staircases. Then a massive boom filled the air. It sounded as if the walls of the cabin were being torn open in a great explosion! The chest tilted, he could feel that much, then it began to slide across the wood until a slight fall. He was caught by a splashing sound, telling him the chest was now in the water. Utredius had breathed a few short bursts of blue flame during the ordeal. Now they waited, as the chest floated upon the waves of the sea.
His breathing became laboured, as tight pain began to constrict upon his own chest. It had begun when Farimus had picked him up and taken him from Eldarus. It was the same constricting pain he felt whenever he thought of his parents. Seeing their faces for the last time always brought on these feelings of a sharp ache that seemed powerful enough to crush his breastplate.
Then the lid was ripped open. A bolt of lightning tore the air above. There above the chest was a man in dark grey plated armour. He clung to the chest with hands and feet, and in the brief seconds the lightning lit up the man’s face, Matthew thought his nostrils flared quite dramatically. It was a bearded man that seemed tall and foreboding. Utredius made a sound that was possibly delighted, as the man snatched up Matthew under one arm, with his pet dragon held close to Matthew’s chest. The next moment the figure launched from the chest, carrying them into the sky as if they were that bolt of lightning returning to the heavens.
Matthew looked down a moment to see the dark ocean waves flickering silver in the moonlight. He saw the ship in the distance, burning as it sank into the sea. 
He was upside down again, so he couldn’t see what was holding them up this high in the air. Are we flying?
He began to panic, thinking this must be another demon. He kicked and screamed, still clutching Utredius before the man touched his brow with a finger that burned bright white. It was then that he noticed a band of gold reflected upon the man’s brow. As the same hand reached to relieve Matthew of the dragon, he saw everything growing dark. He was suddenly very tired. He was peaceful. He began to dream. 

*** 

When Matthew woke, he knew he was in a strange land. The air smelled different. There was no seaside air, it was dank and fetid like close to swampland. He could hear a river running nearby. His memory of the night before was still hazy, though he began to recall flickering images of the man that had carried him through the skies.
He was wrapped in one of Farimus’ cloaks. He hadn’t realised his benefactor had taken any garments with him in the time that he appeared and lifted Matthew and Utredius into the air.
The little dragon was close by, onyx scales gleaming in the morning light. The flora and fauna were immediately foreign also. As he made his way to the river, he had noticed more than seven new kinds of plant and three types of reed that did not grow in his own lands. He also saw a number of furry little creatures with ears too large to be any mouse or rat.
He was still bleary-eyed and making his way towards the sound of water to get a drink, when he almost stumbled over the armour of the man who had apparently rescued him. Utredius was in stealth mode, and Matthew mimicked him as he fell to his knees, then crawled over the next rise on his belly.
What he saw was another puzzle he was yet to unravel. There in the clear flowing waters, a black furred monkey was submerged, with blazing garnet eyes. It sat scratching its back with a fistful of reeds. The dark fur seemed almost formed of shadows, seeming to smoke or shimmer when looked at from the sides of his vision. The eyes were like stones pulled from a furnace. Intense heat that assured this creature was unnatural.
A moment later the creature sniffed the air, then appeared more alert. Matthew watched as it climbed the riverbank, to scuttle into a nearby copse of shrubbery with a small silver oak and a peach tree.
He continued to stare at the bushes until he saw the creature snatch a peach from a low branch, then two more as juicy munching sounds followed. It made a few ape-like noises, perhaps he was nervous, and then a sound like twigs snapping filled the air. A few small birds flitted from the bushes to take flight.
Matthew held his breath until he heard a man speaking in gruff tones. ‘Boy, fetch me my robes, won’t you?’ The accent was foreign. But even the first words were enough to know he was likely in Sese’Chin territory. His mind boggled at the speeds they must have travelled overnight. He could roughly calculate that by the fastest of ships it could take as long as four months to cross the same distance! ‘I say boy! My robes? If you, please.’ 
‘How do I know I can trust you?’ Matthew replied.
‘I saved you last night, didn’t I?’
‘I suppose so. How did you find me?’
‘Why, it was your little friend, of course.’ Utredius made a gleeful chirping noise. ‘You might say he had been calling me for a short while before then. I could sense his call from afar. So, I came to his rescue. And to yours, fairy boy.’
Matthew didn’t know what he meant by calling him ‘fairy boy’, but the rest seemed to make a little sense to him.
‘I will bring you your robes. But not your weapons until we have talked.’
‘That’s a good boy,’ the man replied. He saw a blue light fizzle and what sounded like a few puffs on a pipe. He was carrying one of the garments worn under armour towards the patch of shrubbery when he noticed plumes of smoke rising into the air.
‘Are you smoking?’ Matthew asked.
‘Wise boy, sharp senses, clever mind. Good.’
‘Are you making fun of me?’ Matthew asked as he tossed the garment into the bushes.
‘Perhaps a little.’ His voice was husky. The accent made his words short, sharp, masculine.
When the man emerged from the bushes, he saw it was the same face of his rescuer. 
He was thin, tall and broad at the shoulders. A warrior’s build.
His face was strong, handsome, like a figure carved from stone. Those nostrils were less pronounced now that he appeared at ease, though there was something about that broad nose and large nostrils he could not quite put his finger on. Then it struck him.
‘Where did the monkey go?’
‘Monkey, boy? I saw no monkey here this morning.’
Matthew giggled as understanding took hold.
‘My name is Matthew. What’s yours?’
‘My first Holy Master named me Sun Wukong.’ He beamed with pride.
Matthew giggled again, knowing its translation, but still he asked in earnest, ‘What does it mean?’
The man opened his mouth to speak, then noticed Matthew’s amusement and swung a hand like a casual blade swipe to reply, ‘It doesn’t matter what it means, okay. It’s just my name.’
‘Alright then.’ He struggled to control his giggling. ‘How did you do the flying thing?’
Sun Wukong beamed again, his chest swelling as he gazed down and then swept an arm up into the sky. ‘It is an ancient magic. If you are the dragon’s master; you should know of it. Have you not heard the name Cloudwalker?’ It was then that Matthew took another look at the fine silk robe the man now wore. It seemed the garment had been magically altered by the wearer. It was in Chin style of flowing serpentine dragons breathing balls of blue flame, the colours were mostly blue and green with some scarlet and gold. But amongst those dragons were men and women riding clouds, wielding lightning balls in their fists.
‘Cloudwalkers,’ Matthew said slowly. ‘You mean like El’Tihir?’ 
At the mention of this name Wukong’s face was strained. He lowered his head with hand to heart as he replied, ‘Yes, like him. He is sorely missed.’ He gave a nervous grin as he said, ‘But the signs say one day, he shall return.’ He looked a little giddy, Matthew thought it was perhaps delirium setting in.
‘El’Tihir died when he Divided his Soul to create the Seed of the Great Tree.’
‘Yes, but just like the Red Phoenix, El’Tihir shall return when our need is greatest.’
‘If you say so,’ Matthew replied dubiously. ‘If you really are a Cloudwalker, show me again. Prove it.’
‘How else do you think we got here, boy?’ He seemed a little offended. 
Matthew crossed arms over his chest. 
‘Okay, okay, if you insist,’ Wukong said.
Matthew waited a few moments as Wukong breathed in a concentrated manner. Then crossing his own arms, he barely bent his knees before leaping into the air over a hundred feet or higher! And yes, he actually landed on a small grey cloud! It was astonishing to witness.
He waved from the top of the cloud, then did a flip through the air that sent him flying so fast and far that Matthew was sure he had crossed the horizon in a fleeting moment before flipping back to land on the same cloud a second later. He stood proudly with arms in the air in wait of applause.
Matthew did applaud. And he laughed out loud too. ‘Now come back and protect me!’
Wukong stepped off from the side of the cloud. A second later his body thudded into the earth so hard the ground seemed to tremble. ‘That is just a little cloud-soaring. You will learn to do much better.’
Matthew stared in stunned wonder. ‘Me? A Cloudwalker? How do you know?’
‘I sense it in you. That is why I called you fairy boy. Your soul is rich with magic.’
‘But I’m already gifted in the Power of Earth.’ Matthew replied. ‘Are you saying I have the ability to wield more than one form of Elemental Power?’
‘It is rare nowadays. Though, yes, if you have other spells then it must be so. A true Cloudwalker is usually skilled in at least the Powers of Air and Fire. I sense you are already capable of both of these.’
Matthew gasped, then danced a little jig for joy. ‘That’s amazing, Wukong. Wait till I tell … ’ he stopped short of finishing when Wukong replied, ‘Your wizard friend? Yes, he will be okay, I think. When I arrived to rescue you, I sensed he was still battling that fiend in the town, higher on the hill. He is strong, your friend. What is his name?’
‘He’s called many names, but I know him as Eldarus.’
Wukong put a finger to his lips with a contemplative expression. ‘I’m not sure if I know him.’ It was then that Matthew again had a good look at the band of gold encircling Wukong’s brow. It was a thin band of gold right around his skull, and the two ends met like round-ended sickle blades pushing upwards against one another, in the space between his eyebrows.
His beard was a rich burnt orange, with no moustache, though the short-cut hair on his head was black, tinged with white at the temples. His skin was tan like tree bark, and his brows were thick and shaggy, the same colour as his beard.
‘Now I will fetch you your quarterstaff, my good man.’
Wukong looked suddenly quite amused. ‘You will fetch it for me? I should warn you; it is quite heavy.’
‘It doesn’t look too heavy to me.’
‘Try it then. Just try not to strain your back. Bend knees.’
Matthew made his way to the staff that shone like black metal, with golden bars on either end. He bent his knees, got his little fingers around the bottom sides of the weapon, and lifted. He only got it about a half foot off the ground when his knees began to tremble. He released the thing, that thudded into the sand with a sound like thunder. The earth rumbled.
Wukong quickly made his way to Matthew’s side, helping him to stand. He looked upon Matthew with a very confused, almost hurt expression. His jaw hung open a few times, before he asked, ‘How in heaven and earth did you manage that?’
‘It was a bit too heavy for me. You were right. But maybe when I’m a bit older I’ll be able to wield it.’
Wukong’s eyes bulged as if that were the funniest thing he’d ever heard. Though he still looked a little shocked. ‘Perhaps you will, fairy boy.’ He reached down to lift the weapon with one hand. It appeared light as a feather in his grip as he spun it a few times in circles. 
‘It looks easy for you,’ Matthew said.
‘Yes, but not for anyone else.’ Wukong replied. ‘I must tell you; I have met dragons that could not lift this weapon of mine, even when it was a flat bar of metals fallen from heaven. I cannot believe you were able to lift it even as high as you did. You are a special one. I underestimated you. You have king’s blood in you?’
‘My father was a great king.’ Matthew replied.
‘Ahh, then, I think I know who you mean. That explains a little.’ He squinted a moment then leaned the staff towards Matthew with one end touching the ground, on a forty-five-degree angle. Wukong gripped the staff in the middle, with the other end hanging above Matthew. ‘Try to hold it with both hands.’ Wukong said. ‘I will make sure you are not hurt.’
He gripped the staff, both arms reaching up to hold the golden end of the weapon as Wukong allowed some of the weight to shift to Matthew’s grip. It was still quite heavy, but Wukong held most of the weight, so he was still able to stand without trembling.
‘Remarkable.’ Wukong said, his expression set in contemplation. ‘No wonder the dragon chose you.’
‘His name is Utredius.’
‘Ahh then, now I know who your father was. I am sorry, boy.’
‘My name is Matthew, not boy.’
‘Matthew, of course, forgive me. You may let go.’
He released the staff and Wukong lifted it over his shoulder, at which point it seemed to shrink in size so fast it was hard to even be sure, but a moment later he was certain this strange fellow placed the weapon behind his ear. It was no larger than a thick sewing needle. He put on his armour without need of assistance. When he was done, he called down a cloud about the size of a small carpet. ‘Climb aboard, Matthew. We have a way to go yet.’
‘Where are we going?’
‘To meet an old friend.’
‘Who is he?’
‘Someone who can help protect you. My greatest competitor. And my most favoured ally.’

Chapter 5: 

Lessons in Spirituality

Tristan was finishing supper when Pastor Rook entered the dining hall.
‘Can I bring my plate?’ he asked.
‘And some bread for me too, please,’ Rook replied. He was a kind old man with a curtain of black hair around his bald scalp. His dark-eyed face was somewhat similar to a badger.
‘A little wine too, I suppose?’
‘No, not for me, boy. You should know we men of the church must fast for three days before the festival. Abstinence is also a common practice if not exactly a rule.’
‘Then why not bend the rules?’ Tristan asked.
Rook chuckled, holding his round girth, clothed in a plain brown hooded robe. ‘The truth is boy: I’m trying to kick the habit.’
‘Then I shall pile your plate with unleavened bread and a little cheese.’
‘Cheese is not allowed. Perhaps after the festival.’
‘I thought Master Feligrihir was taking my evening lesson. He was telling me the tale of El’Tihir and his Great Sacrifice.’
‘Which is why I insisted, my lad.’ Rook looked as if they had had a slight argument. ‘Old Felli, he can spin a good yarn, though I felt his telling was too dependent on the old religions. What you need is a good moral schooling on the principles of spirituality. Devoted in service to the One Living God.’
‘Do I get to hear the rest of the story?’
‘We will continue the story, Tristan. Though I wish to focus on a telling that is more in line with the church and the ideals of the Eromulari.’
‘So, you’re going to take out all the parts with fairies and wizards and replace them with Tihiran dogma?’
‘I don’t like the way you said it, boy. But yes, the old gods are just fairy tales. They have no place in our religions or our society. The days when we attempted to blend the old with the True have been laid in the past. What we teach now is in line with the Holy Scriptures.’
 ‘But the Elven Kin are real. My father has met the King of the Elves.’
‘Yes, well … some of the stories are perhaps true. Though this evening I will instruct you on the true telling of El’Tihir’s Sacrifice for all mankind.’
‘If you say so, Pastor Rook.’ He cut a few large slices of various cheeses and placed them on a third plate.
‘Do you want me to carry that tray?’
‘I’m twelve-and-a-half years old,’ Tristan replied. ‘I can manage.’
‘Oh, I forgot to mention it. Lady Elysia will be joining us for the lesson.’
Tristan stumbled and nearly sent the entire plate of food flying. He managed to keep his balance as his shoulders flexed in irritation. ‘Why is she going to be there? You know she called me stupid?’
‘Slow-witted was the term Feligrihir used when explaining the matter.’ Rook looked amused. ‘Nevertheless, the two of you shall be seeing a lot more of each other in the days to come. There are plans for the two of you. Heirs of two great Houses. You will behave yourself and show the courtesy and manners of a proper gentlemen.’
‘Yes, of course.’ Tristan’s shoulders slumped.
He followed Rook through a number of passageways to enter the small chapel built into a room where two of the outer walls met in a right angle. There was an altar with a wooden carving of the Great Tree of El’Tihir. Painted in silver and gold.
Pews were arranged on either side of the altar. Five rows that would seat four to every pew. It was really just a place for people to come and say a few silent prayers, or to worship the One God in private. The main church was much larger and very grand. It was separate to the castle and had its own bailey about one hundred yards north of the castle grounds.
Elysia was seated on one of the back pews, her head down as she played with a fine porcelain doll in her lap. She wore a fine white lace gown that covered her ankles. Black polished shoes swung back and forth as she hummed a cheerful melody. Black hair in twin braids tied with white silk bows. Elysia was forever dressed to suit her place as a royal maiden. She was also fanatical in her bossiness, elegantly spoken, and an all-round fussy eater. He grinned when considering her response to his tray of flat breads and cheese. Elysia hated cheese.
He stepped towards her, as she looked up and gazed upon the tray with evident disappointment. She waved a casual ‘no thank you’, then stepped down off the seat and made her way to the front row. Tristan stood there wondering what had come over her. She didn’t make one scathing remark about the food. Maybe she was ill.
He placed the tray on a small table to the side of the altar, then took a seat on the opposite front pew. Rook gave him a gentle glare, and with a sigh he moved to sit a space apart from Elysia. She continued to play with the doll without looking up.
‘Now then,’ Rook began, ‘as I understand it, Feli had finished telling his version of the Sacrifice. I want to go over it again, from a different philosophical and metaphorical point of view.’
‘He wasn’t quite finished,’ Tristan said. ‘He was in the middle of explaining what happened when El’Tihir Divided his Soul. He said that the one half ascended to heaven, and will return one day, but he didn’t explain about the other half.’
‘Then we will pick up from there,’ Rook said. ‘Now listen carefully, children, for what I am about to tell is something you must memorise and always keep close to your hearts.’ He stood staring at Elysia as she played with the doll’s hair for a little longer, until she looked up with embarrassment.
‘My apologies, Pastor Rook,’ she said. ‘You have my full attention.’
‘Dividing the Soul is something that has only been attempted twice in all of the world’s history, at least as far as we know. El’Tihir was the second to make the attempt, and each time there has been … certain consequences.’
‘Who was the first to attempt it?’ Elysia asked.
‘Nice to see you’re really listening, girl, but please don’t interrupt.’
‘But who was it?’ Elysia asked again. ‘We might better understand the concept if you give us another example.’
‘I’m not done explaining the first,’ Rook replied with a grimace. ‘But very well, to explain it in full we need to first consider the doctrines surrounding the concept of good versus evil. The Founding Scriptures explain that there is good and bad in all of us, as we are all born with an innate potential for behaviour that we call sin.’
‘And all sinners will go to the depths of hellfire unless they repent,’ Elysia said with a hint of scorn. ‘Are you really going to wear us down with outdated beliefs from a lost age?’
‘You were ever the one to question our ways, young lady,’ Rook said with some reproach. ‘I was not about to condemn all that sin as some of my brothers may still do. I was simply laying the foundations for the issue of mankind’s struggle to remain good when so much of our world forces us to think, speak, and behave in a sinful and vulgar manner.’
‘What does this have to do with El’Tihir?’ Tristan asked.
‘It has a lot to do with El’Tihir and his decision to Divide the Soul. As well as the one who chose to Divide his Soul long, long ago. To Divide the Soul means that this balance between human nature’s yearning to do good, and propensity to commit sin become split, and therefore unbalanced.’
‘So, you get two souls?’ Elysia asked. ‘One that is positive and the other negative?’
‘Exactly,’ Rook said with a small smile. ‘This is what happens when someone attempts to Divide the Soul. Heed my warning that no good can ever come from it. In the case of El’Tihir, it resulted in the pure form ascending to heaven, and the impure form remained here on the earth realm. That half was more demon than man.’
‘And did the demon soul cause any trouble?’ Elysia asked with a frown.
‘He did,’ Rook said. ‘Quite a bit in fact. Have you ever heard of the Hundred Years War?’ When both Tristan and Elysia shook their heads Rook waved it aside, ‘No matter, it is a tale from another culture and does not exactly fit with the purposes of today’s teaching. Rest assured the lesson for today is you must never Divide the Soul, nor allow any other person to make the attempt. I stress this in the upmost.’
‘So, what about the other one?’ Elysia asked. ‘You said you would explain that one first.’
‘I did, indeed,’ he gave a light chuckle. ‘The first attempt at Dividing goes back to the Creation Texts. Remember when the Lord was first setting about his work of Creating the Heavens, and he required extra hands to assist him in his work?’ He watched them both nod in agreement. ‘It was then that the Creator made Michael, the First of all the Higher Angels.’
 ‘So, Michael made the Devil?’ Elysia asked.
‘I am glad you did not invoke his correct name, child,’ Rook said. ‘even in the House of God it is frowned upon. But yes, to an extent, this began the formation of the being to which we gave that title. At first Michael was beautiful and powerful and emanated the Light of Ardua. Though as I have explained, to Divide brings unbalance, and there is the potential for evil even in the Power of Ardua and his Light.
 ‘It was some many eons before the other Higher Angels were first made, that the Lord could discern this unbalance in the High Angel Michael, for he saw within Michael the desire to rule the heavens for himself. After this the Lord created a force of male and female Higher Angels to assist him in his Creation of our world. Yet the real purpose of their creation was to aid the Lord in defeating Michael.
‘Then in a last attempt to purify himself of his evil nature, Michael made the decision to Divide the Soul. What followed was the battle in the heavens between Michael and the Dragon, the evil half of the Higher Angel that rebelled against Ardua and was finally defeated by Michael and his Angels.’
‘I think we know the rest of this story well enough,’ Elysia put in, to which Tristan gasped at her audacity. She really had no respect for the church.
‘So, what happened to the demon half of El’Tihir?’ Tristan asked. ‘Where did he go?’
‘That question has been a topic of great debate amongst the churches of the east and the west for many centuries. The Holy Scriptures state that this demon rebelled against heaven and fought a great series of battles that lasted over a century. This is the Hundred Year War of which I spoke. Animals, demons and trolls were amongst the immense armed forces that fought on the side of the Monkey Demon.’
‘Wait a minute,’ Tristan said in stunned wonder. ‘I still can’t get over this idea that the bad side of El’Tihir’s soul was a monkey!’
‘Remember that one of the names of Ardua, the Many-Faced God is also the Monkey-Faced God. There are many texts amongst the Chin, the Pan, and other nations of the east that suggest a close relationship between humankind and the world of apes.
‘Have either of you ever seen a monkey close up? A chimpanzee or gorilla? Apart from having a bit more hair on their bodies and a different posture, the resemblance is uncanny.’
‘Well I can’t deny that,’ Elysia said. ‘But wouldn’t the church be very upset with you for even entertaining such a thought?’
‘I merely stated that there are some texts that suggest a relationship, and that there is an uncanny social and structural resemblance. Perhaps also a resemblance in personality, though we are far superior in that regard.’
‘I should hope so,’ Tristan said with some surprise. ‘Does the Monkey Demon look like a monkey?’
‘Somewhat,’ Rook said. ‘He also looks very much like a man, and there is supposedly a strong resemblance with the true El’Tihir, though far removed from its former splendour. But I’m getting distracted again, and I still have much to teach you.’
‘Why are the stories so important now?’ Elysia asked.
‘Because of the great evil that has arisen in the world,’ Rook said. ‘The stories can serve to provide us with special knowledge. Secrets that could provide us with the shield to defend, the armour to protect, and the weapon to defeat such enemies.’
‘You mean talismans?’ Tristan asked. ‘Like the Hyperion Bow?’
‘Yes, boy, that is a sacred talisman lost to legend. If you could wield such a weapon when you are full grown; your enemies would tremble facing your wrath.’
‘Do we have any talismans such as this left in the world?’ Elysia asked.
‘There are some, though they are scarce, and perhaps none so powerful as the Hyperion.’
‘Do you think Feligrihir could craft me a bow like the Hyperion?’ Tristan asked.
‘I don’t think so, boy,’ Rook gave a light chuckle. ‘That bow was said to be crafted by the Titan Gods.’
‘But they were massive,’ Elysia said. ‘How could Tristan wield such a weapon?’
‘If the myths are to be believed, such talismans can change size to suit their wielder,’ Rook explained. ‘But these are not the topics of which I must speak. I am trying to prepare you both for your Sacrament of Confirmation. It will be held during the festival, on the Day of Sowing. The day when the Great Seed was planted in the earth by the Fist of Ardua.’
‘You mean the lightning bolt that planted the Seed?’ Tristan asked. ‘The one that El’Tihir transformed into when he Divided?’
‘Yes, boy, there is a relationship between the symbolism of the Sowing of the Great Seed, and the ritual of First Communion. The growth of the seed to a sapling is another symbol, to which we attribute your Confirmation. To put it simply, for the two of you at your current age of twelve years, you are in a transitionary stage. The symbolism of a human lifetime is that of the seed that sprouts and eventually grows into a tall tree. 
‘When you reach your teenage years, the journey into adulthood has begun. This has always been considered the appropriate time for this ritual of welcoming you into the church.’
‘So, if the Communion symbolises the planting of the seed,’ Elysia said, ‘and the transition from sapling to tree is symbolic of young adulthood, is adulthood symbolised by the stage where the tree bears its own fruit?’
‘Close enough,’ Rook said. ‘The church has always encouraged a well-arranged marriage between a suitable pair and then what follows is the Cycle of Ages, but that is for another time. Can either of you tell me why the seed within the fruit is symbolic of life up to seven years of age? Before First Communion?’
‘It’s because that is when children are still so closely tied to their mothers,’ Elysia said with some enthusiasm. Tristan couldn’t deny the girl was brilliant. She hardly ever needed to study and learnt everything first time, and never seemed to forget a lesson. 
That’s why it hurt even more when she had called him an idiot. Well, ‘dim-witted’ but it meant the same thing. He wasn’t so flash with advanced mathematics for example, but he’d always shown a keen interest in learning the old stories. 
Yet she was always beating him at that too.
Rook’s lesson lasted some time, as he explained the importance of the ceremony of Confirmation. Why they were taking part, and all of the smaller details about what to wear, how to approach the altar, when Tristan was to bow and when Elysia should curtsy. 
It was very tiresome. 
During that time Frostgale and her pups entered the small church. They made their way towards the altar and the mother spread out in front of Tristan’s feet, laying on her side for her pups to suckle. Being of sabre-wolf breed the pups were extremely hyperactive, always rushing about, barking and jumping on things. And they chewed everything. But sabre-wolves were sacred beings amongst his people, and their visiting a place of worship was seen as a divine blessing.
They had trainers, but they seemed to have been shirking their duties so far. But Tristan’s people had been keeping sabre-wolves in their halls as guests for millennia. It was just taking him some time to get used to new pups in the castle he supposed. 
Tonight, they were docile, looking worn out from a busy day as they huddled around their mother after feeding. 
Neverend, the Snow Wolf, sat licking his paws, red eyes half lidded. He often showed his independence from his mother and the other pups by sitting further away, as he did now by moving closer to Rook’s feet as the old pastor continued his lecture. 
Already he was bigger than the others, his fine white coat like fresh snow reflecting the lamplight in a golden tinge. 
It was then that Rook paused for a moment to look down at Neverend, as he sighed before uttering, ‘This one spells disaster for us all, I fear.’ Then he coughed and turned to step behind the altar. ‘Now, before I forget, as Guardian to the Snow Wolf, young Tristan, son of Rodin, I bestow upon you, this holy relic.’ 
Rook stepped forward with something wrapped in thick dark-blue silk cloth. There was a golden radiance when the cloth was unfurled. Rook pulled forth a bow-quiver that gleamed like polished gold. ‘Do not fear, it is not heavy as gold, boy. Try it.’ 
Tristan put the harness over his chest to try out the feel of it. The quiver was bristling with arrows, then Rook brought forth a stunning new bow. 
‘Don’t go firing that thing in here,’ Rook said, ‘but let me tell you of the Replenishing Quiver. It does use the Power to Divide, however, there is one important rule. Whenever an arrow is spent, those that are left within the quiver will divide when necessary to refill the quiver. You must remember that if you nearly empty the quiver, you must leave one spare arrow within it, or else it will no longer work. It does not create arrows. It merely Divides them. Understand?’
‘I do,’ Tristan said. ‘How long will it take the last arrow to divide again?’
‘It can take hours in its current state.’ Rook replied. ‘An expert in enhancement of such relics could reduce the time it takes for each Division, but our people have lost such skills many an age ago. Yet once the first Division takes place, it should only be a full hour before the quiver goes from one arrow to full.’
‘Do I get a relic?’ Elysia asked.
‘It would only be proper if you were gifted something equal in value,’ Rook replied. He then produced a small brown leather pouch from pockets within his robe and drew forth a sparkling golden necklace with a ruby the size of a quail egg. 
‘I’m not fond of rubies,’ Elysia said.
‘Your father has informed me that you shall wear it anyway, young lady.’ Rook said as he handed it to her. ‘It is called the Maiden’s Ward. A powerful spell encases the stone that protects against demons and other such villainy.
 ‘There may come a time when even stone walls cannot keep the threat at bay,’ Rook said in serious tones. ‘Your father’s heart would be at ease if you would wear it at all times.’
With a sullen expression she lifted the golden chain when Tristan jumped up to reach for the pendant. ‘You’ll get it caught on your hair,’ he said. ‘Here, let me help.’ He had some trouble with the clasps which seemed to agitate her. When it was secure, he stepped back with a humble bow. ‘It looks lovely on you,’ he said.
‘Thank you,’ she replied. When their eyes met, he swallowed a burning lump in his throat. The way her dark-blue eyes regarded him; it was as if she was seeing him for the first time. He stood there wondering how he had never noticed how beautiful she had become. His chest was suddenly warmer than before. A strange feeling was taking over. It made his chest ache; but in a good way.
‘Yes,’ Rook said under his breath, ‘you will make a fine couple.’ 
‘A couple o’ what?’ Tristan asked in shock, staring up at Rook in disbelief.
 Frostgale and all five of her pups suddenly began a low growl in their throats. A moment later the lamps were all extinguished, casting them into pitch blackness! In the first seconds of panic, Tristan noticed the ruby still glowed like fire in the darkness. In that way he at least knew Elysia was still safe, as he suddenly felt a great responsibility to protect her from whatever danger they were about to face. Rook mumbled a few words in the language of the Scriptures when a small golden light suddenly danced above his palm that was held out flat before him.
‘What is it?’ Elysia asked.
‘I do not know, children,’ Rook whispered. ‘Stay close and we shall try—’
A burst of red flame flew from the shadows to strike Rook in the stomach. The pastor fell in a ball of flames as Tristan turned to see a tall figure in a white mask approaching. The figure held a staff with a bright red stone at its peak, and as Tristan stood dumbfounded the creature aimed the staff at Neverend. 
Frostgale leapt from the shadows to drive front paws into the figure’s chest, pushing him to the floor. The staff was held up to block Frostgale’s jaws from biting into flesh, as her claws shredded through the dark silken cloth that covered the man’s chest. 
Tristan notched an arrow, half drawing the heavy bow, but the pair were rolling about now. He had no clear shot. He did not want to leave the pups or Frostgale, but his need to protect Elysia drove him to reach for her hand and draw her to the sides of the pews. 
For a moment she pulled free from his grasp, and in the glow of Rook’s burning robes he saw her clutching Neverend to her chest, dropping her doll in the process.
As they moved to the small space between the walls and the ends of the pews, Rook was climbing to his feet. He had extinguished the flames on his robes and the light in his palm was now a fierce golden sphere. He turned to them to shout, ‘Run!’
Tristan was pushing his way along the wall between the pews, with Elysia close behind still clutching Neverend. The wolf pup was snarling and trying to claw his way out of her grip, but she held on to him with a surprising amount of strength. 
During this time, Tristan heard Frostgale give out a yelp, then the wolf was thrown aside as the sorcerer stood with staff aimed for Rook. Moving between the tight spaces was taking too long, but they scraped their way along with backs to the grey stone wall, until they reached the last two pews. Tristan made room for Elysia to go through first, as they would need to cross the space between the last two pews to sneak out behind their attacker. 
As Tristan watched Elysia scramble towards the centre aisle, the room was lit up in an intense golden blaze. Rook was still chanting words of the Scripture, and that light in his palm was pulsing in retaliation to a bolt of garnet flame that fizzed from the staff of the sorcerer. 
A moment later the room shook as a terrible boom filled the air. 
Light exploded in all directions. Light so bright Tristan’s vision was encompassed. 
He must’ve fallen, because when his vision returned, he was climbing to his feet by instinct. Elysia was on her knees, clutching Neverend as the demon figure stood over her. 
He knew it was a demon now by the thin black wrists and claw like fingers that tried to snatch the pup from her grasp. But it was also the crackling blue bolts that surrounded Elysia each time that black claw closed around her form that made him know this creature was not human. The fact that he could not touch her meant he was surely a demon of some sort, for the Maiden’s Ward was clearly protecting both her and Neverend.
Rook was climbing to his feet as Tristan was drawing an arrow. They were plain arrows, though when he drew one, he thought it emanated a slight golden glow. Taking aim, he didn’t hesitate to unleash, the arrow slicing into the demon’s right shoulder. The creature screamed in a horrid manner, as black blood gushed from the wound. That same arm raised the staff at Tristan to force him flying back into the wall behind him. 
All this occurred in an instant as the demon then wove some sphere of entrapment that shimmered cobalt and white but was translucent. He placed the staff tip at the top of the large sphere and rolled it along the floor like a ball. 
A golden bolt flew from Rook that struck the escaping demon, which allowed Tristan to fall from his pinned position. He and Rook ran to meet in the aisle where Elysia had been taken, both were struggling for breath and in a state of terror and outrage.
‘We have to stop him!’ Tristan cried.
‘Right you are, boy,’ Rook replied, leaning in close with a hand on his shoulder. It seemed the man was needing support. ‘We will sound the alarm. Frostgale is wounded,’ Tristan turned to see the other four pups licking their mother’s face as she lay still, ‘but there are plenty more wolves we can set on the hunt. But they’ll need something to track.’
‘The demon’s blood?’ Tristan asked.
‘That will help. But wolves like to pick out a scent.’
Tristan rushed back up the centre aisle towards the altar, jumping the pups to skid and lean in to scoop up Elysia’s toy doll. He held it up high for Rook to see.
‘Perfect!’ Rook shouted. ‘Let’s get out of here boy! The roof could fall in after that blast. We’ll have to send someone to get Frostgale.’
That part was plain truth. There was no way Tristan could drag the massive wolf-mother out of the church, and Rook was looking seriously wounded from that blast of flames. His tunic was scorched and there were burns across his neck and chest.
‘Do not fear yet, young Tristan,’ Rook said as they made their way into the next hallway. ‘I believe the Maiden’s Ward will keep him from harming Elysia, and he cannot force her to give up the pup as long as she wears the Ward.’
‘So why is he running?’
‘I fear he may be taking her to someone that is able to do both of those things.’
Panic clutched his chest as he paced quickly while allowing Rook to rest a hand on his shoulder. He had another arrow notched and half drawn to the floor. The hallway was also darkened, and they soon found the two guards lying in pools of blood, lit up by another golden flame from Rook’s palm. Senton Maddox and Callon McCraw, they were barely into their twenties!
‘WAKE!’ Rook roared. His voice carried a powerful resonance that Tristan knew must be some form of magic. ‘WAKE! Wake and to arms! Demon in the Keep! Assassin in the Keep! He has taken the Lady Elysia! Guards! GUARDS! Sound the alarm!’
The howls and barking of wolves could be heard in the distance. Shouts of men approaching. Help would arrive soon. Tristan wanted to rush ahead, but they needed to remain near the church to ensure someone helped to pull Frostgale out before the roof collapsed. He wondered if the alarm was being raised further out due to more murders by this demon assassin. 
‘I’ve failed her!’ Tristan cried.
‘Do not give up yet,’ Rook said. ‘I think I can guess this enemy’s identity. If it is the demon I’m thinking of, he is normally able to teleport. That would explain how he got inside the Keep. Though perhaps he is unable to remove Elysia and Neverend via portal due to the presence of the Maiden’s Ward. This gives us our chance to pursue him before he escapes.’
‘If he cannot teleport, where will he go?’
‘I believe that sphere he created is able to float on water as easily as it rolls on ground. If he can build a raft to carry himself along with it, he may be able to take her to his master. We must hurry boy. Time is short.’
It was then that Gale and Avalanche charged out of the church and raced off down the hallway as if in pursuit of the demon. Perhaps seeking revenge or rushing to the aid of their brother. Tristan broke free of Rook’s grasp without thought, charging off into the darkness as he called out after the two pups. ‘Gale! Lanche! Wait for me!’
He heard Rook crying out as he rounded a corner, ‘Wait Tristan! Damn it boy, wait for help!’

*** 
Elysia clutched Neverend under the belly. The wolf pup growled, barked and tried to break free. 
The demon was quickly making his way through the hallways of the keep. Rolling the sphere that encased her with that red-jewelled staff. 
A strange thing was that they did not roll like the sphere. They sort of levitated above the ground, staying firmly upright, as the ball rolled around them, transporting them wherever the demon wanted. 
She was not as terrified as she might expect to be in this situation. Yet her fear that rescue might not arrive in time was creeping in. 
The castle was built in a way that it was just as difficult to escape as it was to infiltrate. This kept the demon busy trying to find his way out, as the howls of wolves and shouts of guards in pursuit closed in. 
Every once in a while, he would stop, sniffing the air, then he would wave that staff about his head as the jewel burned brightly. 
She began a silent prayer to the Almighty. Could a miracle save her at this point?

*** 

Tristan was running so hard he was bathed in a sheen of sweat, huffing and puffing in a dazed panic. He seemed to be running in circles. One moment he had the demon in sight, with Elysia’s shadowy form contained within the sphere at its side. Yet each time he fired an arrow, it struck the wall behind the figure as it dashed off, seemingly unharmed. 
The first time it happened he wondered how he could have missed. 
His arrows always found home. 
Was it a magical ward that the demon was using? He could swear the arrows met their target, yet they seemed to pass right through the creature, hitting and bouncing off the stone walls behind it.
He tried to calm himself. He scalded himself, thinking, He is making a fool of you! Think!
He still hadn’t caught up with Gale or Lanche, but he often heard the pups up ahead, barking as they gave chase. But it seemed even they were being misled. Even when he used their barks to track the demon, he still found himself chasing his own tail.
He’d wasted a number of arrows on missed shots so far. As he notched a new arrow to his bowstring, holding it up in the direction of the last demon sighting, he realised the arrow was not glowing golden, like it had in the church. He’d seen the arrowheads emanating a soft amber glow a number of times during his search, yet up till now he hadn’t given much thought to what it might mean.
Still aiming the arrow, he began to turn in a full circle. When he was facing towards the opposite direction he’d been looking, the glow of amber returned to the metal arrowhead. When he turned a little more to the right, the light increased, and a soft vibration could be felt, pulsing on and off. Like a beating heart. 
They’re Seeking Arrows! he thought in a state of elation. 
To test it again, he turned further to the right, and soon the vibrations stopped, and the glow began to fade. So, he headed off in the direction of the glow. Aiming the shaft before him, he moved carefully, with stealth, but also with haste. He heard guards in the distance, obviously being led on the wrong path by the demon’s tricks. When he spotted a number of men and wolves passing a hallway ahead of him, he called out to them. The men stopped, calling back, ‘Who goes there?’
‘It is Tristan, the son of your lord!’ he shouted. ‘I know how to track him. Follow me!’
Soon he had a guard of dozens of men and wolves surrounding him as he followed the pulses and flares of his arrowhead. The men seemed to put stock in his theory, as the wolves began to bark ferociously, straining on their leashes as they evidently picked up a stronger scent.
Many of the men carried burning torches or lamps, armed with drawn swords or spears, while others wielded bows or crossbows aimed to the floor.
They reached a fork in the hallways, and the demon stood with the sphere of light down the right hall. Though Tristan could understand his trickery this time, as the men charged down the hall, releasing the wolves that gave chase as the demon dashed out of sight.
‘Wait!’ Tristan called after them. ‘It’s a trick!’
He knew because even though his arrow was glowing when he aimed it at the demon, it glowed brighter when he pointed it down the left hallway, and it was when he pointed left that the arrow began to pulse. The demon had run off down a right passageway leading off the right fork. That meant it was just an illusion. He considered that each time he’d fired at the demon, he couldn’t actually see Elysia within the sphere, just a shadow. 
There were only two guards and one wolf left at his side who had heard his shouts, as the men had been roaring and the wolves barking so loudly that his voice had been drowned out.
‘Lead the way, mi’ lord,’ said Rorick Sabanthe, a grey-haired senior guard as tall as his father. The other was Brad, a young man with golden locks, 
‘I think my arrows are all that can hurt it,’ Tristan said, as they started off down the left corridor. Perhaps he left some of his own or Elysia’s scent on the illusion also to fool the wolves. He considered that the men had not yet seen the demon, before now, and had in fact been relying on the wolves to seek him out. Perhaps they had seen his arrow glowing faintly when pointed at the illusion or perhaps not. 
‘Stay behind me and provide protection if needed. Otherwise, do not charge ahead or call out unless I give the command.’ Even he hadn’t known the demon could create illusions of itself until after the men had run off after it. He explained this clearly to the two men that remained. They both nodded, hope gleaming in their eyes.
‘Your father always said you was awful clever, Lord Tristan,’ Rorick said. ‘Lead the way.’
They gave chase, and soon the demon stood before them, halting in its position as the bark of more wolves sounded in the distance. This time Tristan could see Elysia and Neverend held within the sphere, so he was sure this was the real one. 
It saw Tristan fire an arrow as it held up its staff in a red flare. The arrow struck something hard, only a pace before the demon’s chest. It charged away, taking Elysia with it, and when Tristan reached the fallen arrow, he saw what looked like red-stained glass lying in broken pieces around it, smoking and charred. Some sort of ward, he thought. 
He checked his arrows, to find he had only three left. Rorick had a crossbow, with the wolf leash in his other hand. Brad held a longsword that would be of no use. He ordered the beast be muzzled. He had a plan that just might work.
They gave pursuit until they crept out onto a balcony. A descending staircase led to a stone chamber lit with blue-glass lanterns. The cool light spilled onto the stone flooring where he saw the demon standing and sniffing the air. 
He had explained his plan to the men, and with Brad now holding the leash, Rorick released the muzzle on the wolf. It began to bark as the demon looked up to see Tristan aiming two bright amber arrowheads drawn from the same bow. The demon raised the staff as Tristan fired. The arrows planted into a red wall that shattered with a sound like glass breaking.
Rorick fired his crossbow, the shaft punching into the red crystal tip, cracking the stone, and knocking the staff out of the demon’s grasp. 
In those moments Tristan had drawn his last arrow, aimed with deadly precision, and fired. The golden headed shaft plunged straight into the right eye socket of the demon’s mask! Black blood sprayed as the figure stumbled. The sphere of light vanished, releasing Elysia and Neverend. As she dashed for safety, the demon reached for her to again be refused by the blue lightning of the Maiden’s Ward. 
At the same moment, the unmuzzled and unleashed sabre-wolf leapt to force the demon to the floor. The two men were charging towards the demon, but Tristan had warned them not to try to attack it. Instead Rorick reached down to seize Neverend, cradling the pup like a babe. Brad took Elysia by the hand and helped her up the staircase while the demon rolled on the stone floor. The wolf trying to tear out its throat. 
When they reached the top of the stairway, Rorick gave a whistle and the wolf leapt off its prey to charge back up the steps. Seizing its staff, the demon vanished in a crimson cloud.


Chapter 6

The Tegean King

The King’s Palace in Tegea was ancient and splendid. Any visitor would have marvelled at its turquoise walls lined with golden panels. Fountains depicting sea gods riding chariots of sea horses and dolphins in polished bronze were just the beginning, but to Cybele it was just home. Too shiny and too pretentious to suit the woman she was becoming, but it was still the place where she was born, and likely where she would also live out her old age.
Samlet followed with a nervous expression, two guards flanking him with distrust in their eyes. The guards wore baggy white trousers tied with thick golden belts. Their vests were bright turquoise, their skin not so dark as Sam’s, but they were still full Tegean blood. Their heads were clean shaven, just a hint of black stubble across scalps that were otherwise nearly bald. The men knew her well, though they would not rest easy around her new advisor, until he was approved of by her father.
In the throne room, King Oteptun Ra’nen sat upon a tall golden chair carved with lions for the armrests. The dais on which it was raised was almost as wide as the room, over forty-five feet across at the top level of a seven-step staircase of sand-coloured marble. The steps glimmered like polished gold, from the sunlight that poured through the pyramid shaped glass ceiling. 
Shia’roh’huk sat beside him, licking his paws. Larger than his companion, Injoh’kohl’ruk was the elder, his mane was almost black, while Shia’s was pale gold. They were her father’s last line of defence against assassins. Both wore scars from numerous attempts during the early years of her childhood. Their attackers had made a fine meal for each of these alpha predators.
‘So, daughter, was your search fruitful?’ Oteptun’s face was stern as a lion. His eyes were hard, they fixed her with a look that measured her very essence.
‘Father, my king, may I introduce Samlet Adrobi. He has assisted me to recover that which I sought, and so I have brought this man to the palace to serve as my Royal Tutor in Magic.’
Her father fixed that look upon Sam, who bowed as low as his spine would allow, but the man did not get down on one knee. That was the first surprise.
‘What have you to say of this, Samlet Adrobi?’
‘I was stunned to learn the method for achieving her aims, King Oteptun. Though the miracle unfolded before my eyes. The Red Phoenix has returned.’
‘And how is old Ri’tu’kur?’ her father asked. That was the second surprise. ‘Still stubborn as his master I presume.’
‘He was ever proud above his station, your eminence.’ 
Cybele eyed Slow Sam from the corner of her eyes. How did he know her father?
‘Do you accept this charge, Samlet. I promise you; dearest Cybele has more pride than any lion I have ever met. Her tutelage will be a challenge for you.’
‘It appears destiny is calling me on this one, sire. I could not refuse even if I wished to.’
‘Very well,’ he raised a finger to Calphi, who clapped his hands to summon a host of servants. ‘Take our honoured guest to his rooms. He shall have the very best, in the Royal Quarters. See that he is given all he may require.’ He looked to Sam again for a moment, ‘If you will excuse me, old friend, I should like to have a word in private with my daughter.’

***

‘So, how do you know my father?’ Cybele asked the tall dark Akhori Magician.
‘It is a long story,’ he replied. His face seemed tense; his tone cautious.
‘I was just surprised that he knew you. He has never spoken of you before, to any of his children as far as I know.’ 
‘We will talk of it some other time.’ Sam replied, brushing the unspoken questions aside. ‘Now we will begin your real training. Summon the Phoenix.’
‘Here?’ Cybele asked. They were strolling through the palace gardens. The moon was near full. The fox and the heron clearly visible across the gleaming white surface. The moonlight cast shadows across the fountains and walkways, tracing the silver and gold sculptures of lions, lionesses and their cubs.
‘It is no secret amongst your people that you would be the one to summon the Phoenix.’ Sam said. ‘Why should you fear to display this ability in public?’
‘I’m not sure, when you put it like that.’ She stopped walking, as did Sam and Ri’tu’kur, his lion had been given the right to roam the palace grounds as if he were part of the Royal Pride.
The lion was well behaved. He would not harm anyone unless provoked.
Raising her right hand, she twisted her palm to face upwards, as a stream of crimson fire flared from her fingertips. The Red Phoenix seemed stronger this time. It seemed its physical presence had increased. Over the few days it had spent joined to her. 
‘Father was not pleased you had arrived home with me,’ Cybele admitted.
‘Focus your breathing, Cybele,’ Sam instructed. After a sigh he added, ‘I am not surprised.’
‘Why is that?’
‘We will not speak of it here and now.’ He looked left and right like a cornered feline. ‘Is that all he wished to speak to you about?’
‘No, he wanted me to meet someone.’
‘Let me guess, he wished to introduce you to our honoured guest?’
‘Caesar!’ Cybele spat the name as if it were poison. ‘I hated the way he looked at me. Like I was a toy doll to be put on display for his personal amusement. Gave me the creeps.’
‘Was his apprentice present? The boy Antony?’
‘Yes,’ Cybele smiled this time. ‘Him I liked. He had soft eyes, and a kind face.’
‘Keep breathing slowly, allowing the Phoenix to draw from your essence. If you do this every day, the bird will grow stronger.’ 
Cybele continued to breathe as she recalled the meeting with the Emperor of Eromula and his First General.
Caesar was hawklike in appearance, especially the eyes and nose, with white hair above his ears like wings. He wore a laurel wreath of pure gold. He eyed Cybele up and down like a horse breeder looking to buy. Chest out high and proud, there was dignity and grace about him, though he was hard as the stones that formed the Colosseum. 
Cybele would not be intimidated by him, however. She stood with equal pride as she glared back like a cat in a cage. Knowing her father would not be pleased, she did it anyway. Caesar was a tyrant who bullied his way across nations, smashing his enemies into submission to build his epic Empire.
‘She has fire,’ Caesar remarked. ‘She could teach lions to roll over and beg like hounds, I’d wager that!’
‘I even have one that can fetch you your slippers if you wish it.’ Cybele replied with a sneaky grin. That was perhaps a bit flirtatious, she wasn’t sure what had brought it on. For a moment she felt humbled, lowering her eyes as she began to fear she was blushing.
‘Yes, full of fire,’ Caesar repeated. ‘How old are you child?’
‘I reached my eighteenth name day three days ago, Caesar. I plan to join the Spear Sisterhood and guard the desert plains with the lion prides.’
‘But your father has informed me you have discovered the Red Phoenix. Is that so?’
‘It is Caesar.’
‘Do you not think your station would put you in higher demand than a mediocre occupation such as the one that you are choosing?’
‘What would you suggest, Lord and Saviour?’ Her father asked with a narrowed gaze. He still sat in his throne, almost an affront to Caesar’s power. But he was mostly subservient to any request the Emperor made. 
Caesar gave her that look again. Like a cat eyeing a dish of cream it wished to savour for dessert. It made her skin crawl. He was far too old for her! His second in command was a handsome young specimen though. He stood leaning against a pillar with those soft brown eyes and curly dark locks. 
She felt that if they were alone together and he looked at her the way he did now, she would more than blush with embarrassment. Those quick looks she caught before his eyes darted anywhere but upon her face. His sandals, the ceiling, the intricate marble designs in the slabs that formed the floor, anywhere at all but at her. She almost giggled after a while it took her so by surprise. He’s smitten! She thought in elation. And cuter than a kitten. 
Caesar had paused a long while, and she then realised the Emperor had noted the glances between her and Markus Antonius. She hoped the pretty boy would not be flogged for it.
She didn’t like scars.
Caesar harrumphed.
Then that look returned. It seemed the evidence of a love triangle was a turn on for the old man.
‘I would suggest we provide Cybele with a seat that is firm and suited to her position.’
‘Can you believe that creepy old pervert!’ Cybele spoke at near a whisper but with great emphasis. Sam’s head whipped left and right to see if anyone was close enough to hear.
‘Watch your tongue, princess. You may lose it if you continue to use such language about certain people of high station.’
‘But I mean come on!’ She puffed up her chest in a stance impersonating the great Caesar. “I would position her firmly and in great succession.” Those were the actual words the old devil chose to suggest … well we know what he was really talking about anyway. Don’t we?’
‘Lower your voice, girl! You’ll get us both nailed to a cross.’

Chapter 7

Sun Wukong

The boy Matthew was not taking travelling by cloud-soaring very well at all. Wukong had to make many stops along the way, for the boy to heave up his guts in a disgusting manner. Wukong did not mind really, but it was making the journey take much longer than he had hoped.
Eventually they arrived at Wukong’s old home, the Mountain Water Curtain Cave, where his loyal monkey subjects still resided. They passed through the curtain waterfall, and crossed the great bridge over the abyss, to enter the kingdom where he once ruled over his people.
The monkey clans were overjoyed to see him again, and they cheered and applauded and danced with glee. He waved, smiled, and introduced young Matthew to his people. The Troll and Demon Kings were also introduced to young Matthew, and they did their best to set the boy at ease, although Wukong noted the boy’s nervous expression when facing these demon kinds.
After some feasting and merriment, Wukong took Matthew to a building within the cave where three Demon Kings were playing a game of Mah Jong. Wukong stepped through a large blue door and told the boy to wait with the Demon Kings while he was gone.
‘I won’t be long, Matthew,’ Wukong said with a grin. Then he ordered the demons, ‘Look after the boy!’

***

Matthew was a little cold in this room, the place was large, and the walls glistened as if made from ice. The floor was also freezing through his boots. Utredius was cold, too. He wrapped his neck and tail around Matthew’s shin and calf. He stood watching the game of Mah Jong, the three players were an odd bunch. 
One had the face of a rooster, with a third eye in the centre of its forehead. His body was humanlike, with grey skin and heavy armour. The second had the head of a lion, with two red cow horns rising from its skull, a black mane, and sharp white teeth. He was also shaped like a man, with thick muscles that shone like tar. They were the two playing the game, while the third seemed to be having a wager on who would win. He had a head shaped like a melon, with only one big yellow eyeball. His arms were like octopus tentacles, he had six in total, and they were stacking red and green betting chips in a slow rhythm. 
Wukong was gone for a while, and eventually the three demons got to talking with Matthew. They asked where he was from, how old he was, and who he wanted to be when he grew up. He told them he was ‘from far away,’ and that he was ‘old enough,’ and that when he grew up, he wanted to be ‘incredibly wise.’ The three demons chuckled at his responses and invited him to sit with them.
After some time, the melon headed demon asked, ‘What magic you know, boy?’
‘I know a little,’ Matthew replied honestly. ‘I have some skill with Earth-Magic and Air-Magic, but I know a little Fire, too.’ In truth he had been getting extra tutoring on the three forms of magic from Wukong these last few days of travel, but he was a quick learner.
‘Can you levitate and form a Shield-Spell at the same time?’ the lion headed one asked.
‘I can try,’ Matthew said.
‘Let’s make a small wager then,’ said the melon headed demon. ‘I’ll bet you all that you carry, that you cannot withstand a beating from two of us, using Stone-Fist-Magic, for more than five minutes. What do you say?’
‘What do I get from you if I win?’ Matthew asked with suspicion. He guessed their game was to demand ownership of Utredius, as technically he was something Matthew was carrying.
At this point, the melon headed demon pulled forth a leather sack, and he held it open to show a sparkle of many precious jewels inside.
‘That is all I am carrying,’ said the melon headed demon. Then he slapped the lion headed demon on the shoulder, at which point the lion demon opened a chest that contained six bars of solid gold.
Matthew looked to the rooster demon and asked, ‘What’ve you got to offer?’
The rooster demon held up his arms with palms out flat and gave a few clucks. Matthew guessed he did not want to risk whatever he held.
‘Suit yourself,’ Matthew said. ‘I’m in.’
‘Splendid,’ said the octopus demon. ‘Do you need time to prepare?’
‘How long will Wukong be away?’ Matthew asked with a frown.
‘He should be back soon,’ said the lion demon with a wide toothed grin. ‘He is meeting with an old friend.’
‘Oh, yes!’ said Matthew. ‘He said we were going to meet with his greatest competitor and greatest ally.’
‘That is not Old Bajie, that’s for sure!’ boomed the lion demon. ‘I know who he meant. You will have a long way to travel before you meet him.’
‘Let’s begin then,’ said the octopus demon.
And so, Matthew lay down on a mat made of straw, and began to siphon Air-Magic from his surroundings, to levitate his form a few feet off the ground. He then surrounded his body in thick layers of Earth-Magic resourced from the stone walls of the cave. You could not see these layers of magic, but they were strong! Strong enough to hold off against two of these demons he was pretty certain.
‘You glow, boy!’ the lion demon exclaimed. ‘I fear we made a wrong bet.’
The rooster clucked at this. The octopus demon wore a determined expression.
‘Five minutes,’ said the octopus demon, and he tipped a sand timer upside down as the sand began to pour from the top into the bottom timer.
‘I’m ready!’ Matthew said.
At this point, the two demons began to pummel his Shield-Spell with large heavy fists. Within the first minute, they were pounding with such speed and strength, that their fists began to transform in shape and size. They became large stone wedges that sent shudders through Matthew’s Shield-Magic, and Matthew drew from their magic to reinforce his own. This was something Eldarus had taught him at a young age. And the two demons did not look pleased when they realised that he knew how.
To do this you needed to first draw magic from your Chalice, also commonly referred to as your Grail-Reserve. This was the magic capacity of the wielder, which was weaker or stronger depending on the abilities of each wielder. The Grail-Reserve was said to be stored in the heart, or the soul, so it began with a bright glowing energy expanding from the chest. Magic was first summoned using techniques such as the kinning-source, also known as the kindling, named after setting a match to wood to start a flame. The ability to wield High-Magic must first be ignited.
Secondly, one had to draw from the magic of their opponent by creating a Siphon, also known as a Funnel. Funnels were teeny tiny circles that existed everywhere, so small they could not be seen. By opening and enlarging these circles in the environment, such as around the fists of the demons, a series of Funnels could be used to Siphon the energies or magics of the other wielders.
By the middle of the second minute, their fists began to flare with white heat upon impact, threatening to force cracks through Matthew’s Earth-Shield. They were using the same technique to draw from Matthew’s increase in magic, and it resulted in their stone fists burning white hot. This was a contest in which both sides sought to drain the Chalice of their opponent, until their magic reserves were depleted, resulting in a victory.
By the third minute those wedge fists were blasting the shield with blazes of Fire-Spells. This caused the temperature to increase within Matthew’s enclosed protected space, but he drew from the icy walls of the cave to reduce the effect, which produced a cool flow of Air-Magic throughout his Shield-Spell. This was achieved by first forming a Meld with the icy elements of the stone walls, by first drawing from his Chalice and using a series of Funnels connected to the cave stone, that were then opened as a linked circle within the space of his shield. These were again enlarged circles, also known as Rings, that were multiples of the same source using the Magic of Division. This allowed a series of cool jets of air to fill the chamber. The Siphon effect of both forms of magic also added strength and fuel to his Chalice. This was most displeasing to the two demons.
At the fourth minute Matthew noted that Wukong had returned and was watching with a fierce expression. He was arguing with the demons asking, ‘What is the meaning of this?’
‘We have a wager!’ shouted the octopus-demon, who was now hammering at the shield with all six tentacles. Flames were washing over Matthew’s vision, but he heard Wukong ask, ‘How much did he bet?’
‘Everything he is carrying!’ roared the lion-demon.
‘He is carrying five-hundred gold dragon-marks,’ Wukong replied. ‘You will owe equal in value.’
‘That’s Farimus’s gold!’ Matthew shouted.
‘It is yours for now, Matthew,’ Wukong said with a subtle wave. ‘Stay strong.’
It was then that Matthew was certain he could feel part of the dragon’s magic filtering to his spirit. It was making him stronger. Much stronger. But it should have been five minutes already.
‘How much time left?’ Matthew asked.
‘Two minutes!’ shouted the sweaty faced octopus-demon.
‘It has been over four minutes already!’ Matthew insisted.
It was then that Wukong had another look at the sand timer. He grunted, then shouted at the octopus-demon, ‘You’re up to your old tricks, again! I see the sand is going both ways.’ Then he shouted, ‘Time’s up! The boy wins.’
The two demons fell back on their hides with gasps and groans. ‘You helped him!’ shouted the lion-demon. ‘I sensed it acutely.’ 
‘I did not,’ Wukong said. ‘It was Utredius.’
The demons looked at the dragon then slapped the sides of their faces as the octopus-demon said, ‘Of course. How foolish not to know the dragon would fuel his magic.’
‘You tried to cheat him!’ Wukong bellowed, as Matthew was lowering his form onto the mat. ‘You will pay double. We take the jewels and gold for now, but I will return to collect the rest.’ The demons moaned and wailed.
‘Matthew won fair and square,’ Wukong said. ‘I might have helped a little. But it serves you both right for gambling with small boys. You will pay up!’

***
When Wukong and Matthew left the Water-Curtain Cave the next day, they brought his old friend Zhu Bajie along for the journey. Wukong felt it would be good to have some backup in case that Jinn-Magician appeared again. Bajie travelled behind them on Wukong’s cloud for the next morning, trailing behind on a smaller cloud of his own that was towed by the one in front. Bajie was in human form when he met the boy, looking of the Chin race of peoples with tan skin and tilted eyes. He was round bellied, in a glorious robe of many bright reds and yellows over green and blue. Large dark orbs like polished stones that were filled with amusement whenever he looked upon young Matthew.
By early afternoon, Matthew was feeling sick again. They returned to solid ground and allowed the boy to heave up his stomach a few times. Then Wukong decided they would have to walk for the rest of the day at least. It was costing more travel time, and he did not like it, but he needed the boy to stay fit and healthy, mentally, physically, and most importantly also spiritually.
The day of walking was hot, humid, and bothersome. There were marsh flies bothering them for a while, and there were also mosquitoes and gnats as there were wide marshlands nearby.
Wukong had magic abilities to guard against such pests, but he thought the boy should learn to create his own spells to deflect such nuisances. Mostly he just complained.
That evening, they made camp before dusk, and Wukong prepared a fire where Matthew sat and ate a bowlful of steamed rice with Bajie, who ate four bowlfuls. It was after nightfall when Wukong sat some distance from the fire, keeping watch and pretending not to eavesdrop on the conversation between Bajie and the boy.
‘You two have a lot in common,’ Bajie said in a gleeful tone.
‘Like, how?’ asked Matthew.
‘Oh, in lots of ways. You are connected to the dragon for example,’ Bajie noted.
‘I guess so.’
‘So is he!’ Bajie hissed, already having had more than a little rice wine from his Unfillable Travel Satchel. It looked more like a plain brown leather sack really, bulging enough to be carrying a whole wild boar. Wukong wondered what he was keeping hidden in there.
‘He’s connected to Utredius, too?’ Matthew asked in disbelief.
‘In more ways than I can explain, right now,’ Bajie confirmed. ‘It is a matter of the True Nature of High Magic. The Dragon brings back Magic of the Old Ways to our reality. Wukong is also incredibly old, and High Magic flows through his every fibre and essence.’
‘What does it all mean?’ Matthew asked.
‘Time will tell,’ Bajie replied with a chuckle. ‘I cannot say for certain.’
They ate a while longer before Matthew asked, ‘How long have you known him?’
‘Who, Wukong?’ Bajie asked with eyes bulging, spied from the corner of Wukong’s vision. ‘Well, we have been friends for ages.’
‘How did you first meet?’
‘That was long ago.’ He smiled. Bright white teeth like that of a horse. ‘We used to work together. He misbehaved, I failed to control him, and eventually we were both punished for it.’
‘Did you both get into a lot of trouble?’ Matthew asked.
‘In a way,’ he replied. ‘But we became better friends some time after that. It was so long ago I forget a lot of the details. But I will tell you about it another night. For now, it is time you went to bed. Eh, Wukong?’ Bajie gazed upon Wukong knowing he was listening in. Wukong grunted, and man and boy climbed into their sleeping blankets and closed their eyes.

***
When Bajie and Matthew were settled down to sleep, Wukong thought back to those early days when he encountered Bajie on the setting out of his journey to the west. His master, Tripitaka, and Wukong, had arrived at a small farm on the first few weeks of their journey. The farm owner explained that a horrible pig demon had stolen away their daughter, and that the pig spirit kept their daughter locked away in the barn, day, and night.
Wukong insisted he would investigate, though the pig spirit often spent time away from the farm, and this was the case when Wukong and his master first arrived. So, Tripitaka asked Wukong to relate the tale of his legendary war against heaven, to pass the time while they waited for the pig spirit to return.
***
I was a stone Monkey when I was birthed, the light from my eyes caught the attention of the gods. I soon became king of the other apes, and my people set up home in a mountain palace, on the other side of a great waterfall that is the entrance to the Water-Curtain Cave. After some time, I began to fear for my mortality, and sought out a teacher to make me an immortal.
I soon met my teacher, who gifted me with the secret to immortality. First my teacher named me Sun Wukong, as well as teaching me to change my form into almost anything. He also taught me to leap across the world flipping and somersaulting on the tops of clouds.
Eventually, I upset my immortal teacher, by showing off my magic abilities to the other students, and I was banished, and so I returned to my mountain kingdom.
I returned to learn that the younger monkeys were stolen by the Demon of Havoc. I set out to face the demon, I fought him, and defeated him. I rescued the young monkeys and returned them to their cave by magic.
Tripitaka listened intently so far, though he seemed troubled. When Wukong asked about this, his master replied that it is troubling to learn that Wukong has killed, though he congratulated him on rescuing his fellow monkeys, and praised his bravery. He cautioned Wukong that he must not destroy the pig spirit. Wukong concedes and continues his tale.
After a time, I sought to build my forces, and so I recruited mountain cats, lions, tigers, and other creatures to serve in my armies, and raided a fortress to gain weapons for my monkey warriors.
I later visited the Dragon King of the Eastern Sea and demanded that the dragon provide me with a weapon and armour. The dragon offered a chunk of heavenly metal, that is too heavy for anyone to lift, though I was able to manipulate the metal to make a cudgel of any size I saw fit.
I then demanded armour from the dragon, and the dragon requested his brother dragons to join them and provide a suitable armour. The dragons then conspired to report me to Heaven.
After a banquet with my fellow monkeys, I was taken in sleep to the Realm of the Dead.
I met the Ten Judges of the Emperor of Death, where I made a little trouble, attacking the judges, and I scratched out my name, and the names of many of my fellow monkeys from the Book of the Dead. 
Tripitaka still listened intently, though this time Wukong noticed his master was very troubled. When Wukong asked of this, Tripitaka explained that his own father was sent to the Realm of the Dead before Tripitaka was even born, and that he spent many years in service to a water dragon, before he was rescued from death and freed from his curse. 
Tripitaka offered deep sympathy to Wukong for his ordeal, though again cautioned him to control his temper. He was greatly concerned for the trouble Wukong had caused the Ten Judges of the King of Death. Though his master Tripitaka laughed and congratulated Wukong for scribbling out his own name and the names of his friends from the book of death.
I visited heaven, after being summoned by the gods to an official meeting. The gods attempted to give me an official role to soothe my temper over the incident with the Ten Judges of Death. I was made a stable boy of heaven. I then learnt that the stableboy occupation I was given, is lowly, and I was outraged!
Again, the gods sought to appease my temper, and offered me the role of minding the sacred peach trees of heaven. I was then placed in charge of the peach orchards. I ate many of the sacred peaches, which fortified my body to make me almost invincible. I also stole precious heavenly elixirs that increased my physical strength.
When I was captured and punished, the gods could not wound me no matter what weapon or technique they attempted.
Eventually they tried to cook me in a pot, after this my eyes were burning red. This punishment angered me so much that I raged in the heavens, causing havoc. 
I battled with many warriors of heaven, wielding my cudgel, and dividing my form to become many identical versions of myself that beat those heavenly folks into submission.
Eventually I fought my way out of heaven and rode my magic flying cloud back to my mountain cave where my monkey army remained. 
I then summoned all of my servants, Demon Kings, the birds, and beasts of the wilds, along with my monkey subjects, and we prepared to face the forces of heaven in a great battle.
Tripitaka had listened very closely, and tears began to fall from his eyes. When Wukong asked what troubled him, Tripitaka was enraged. He screamed at Wukong, calling him ‘senseless, wild and wicked!’ Tripitaka now knew the truth of the legend of the monkey that caused havoc in the heavens. Tripitaka told Wukong that it is his own fault that he was punished so severely. 
It was now dark, and the pig spirit should have been arriving soon, so I prepared myself, after telling my master that he obviously does not understand the pain I have experienced. The outrage I felt to find myself in the Realm of the Dead.
Tripitaka appealed to Wukong to take stock from his punishment and accept that what he did was wrong. Tripitaka insisted that it is not right to attack and hurt and kill.
I was enraged as I pointed out that this is exactly what my master is condoning to deal with this pig demon.
Tripitaka argued against this notion. Stating that I was to subdue the pig spirit, by force if necessary, but not to seek to seriously wound or fatally injure the creature. Tripitaka insisted that I was now a part of a sacred pilgrimage, a disciple of the faith, and that I must learn to control my aggression and seek the path of inner peace. 
Tripitaka argued that only through contemplation of my wrong doings, can I hope for and gain forgiveness from the heavens.
I stormed out of there. Making my way to the outside barn where I awaited the Demon Pig.
I made my way inside the barn where the pig spirit had imprisoned the farmer’s daughter. I rescued her from the barn earlier in the day. I sat remembering her story that the pig spirit had not been unkind to her, and so I learnt that although the woman was terrified of the spirit, who was in fact her husband who had married her before he changed form, she did not feel that he had been brutish or forceful with her. I contemplated this while brooding on my argument with Tripitaka.
As the hours passed by, I reflected on my master’s words, and as I sat in a changed mood, it appeared that a ray of light suddenly surrounded me, like moonlight falling through a hole in the barn roof. This signified to me the path to inner peace truly awakening.
I began to cry.
***
As Wukong sat deep in thought on those memories, he felt emotions stir, having looked back on those early days of his journey with his master. The pressure in his chest was like a dam waiting to burst, and he gave a sniff as a single tear fell from one eye. He wiped it clear before Bajie rolled over and gazed upon him with one lazy eye opening. 
‘Go back to sleep,’ Wukong said at a near whisper. Bajie chuckled and scratched his belly, though soon he was sleeping soundly once more, his even breathing broken by the occasional grunt-like snore.

Chapter 8

The Tree-King Festival

Tristan woke early on the first morning of the Tree-King Festival. He was still very shaken over the ordeal with the attempted kidnapping of Elysia, but that was several days ago now, and he had spent plenty of time resting since then.
Despite the horrors of that night, he woke with a feeling of elation! This was one of his most favourite times of the year. He missed his father, and hoped he would return soon, but right now all he could think about was the excitement of the festival.
When he was washed and dressed, in a navy vest and forest green cloak, he made his way through the castle grounds where people were busy at work preparing for the days of celebration. Carpenters were busy assembling tables for the feast days in the courtyards below. Musicians were practising their performances as fire twirlers and jugglers practiced their acts in the Drama Hall.
The players also stood on stage in the Hall, though they would perform in the actual theatre when an audience was gathered. Other performances were arranged around the feast tables, celebrating the Sacrifice of El’Tihir, and the Songs of Remembrance were also a large part of that tradition. Tristan had never taken part in the singing, though this year he thought he might.
Today was also the day of his Confirmation. Both he and Elysia would be taking part, as their ascension to members of the Church and the broader community. As a son, and daughter, of lords, their ceremonies were of great significance, and Pastor Rook had drilled this into the both of them the night of their lesson before the demon had appeared.
He made his way to the kitchens after the wafting aromas of freshly baked breads, sweets, tarts, and cakes began to make his mouth water. The head chef Tabetha McConnell fixed him up a plate of beans, eggs, and bacon, with a fresh loaf of ryebread and a pint of apple cider. The non-alcoholic brand of course, though he would be sampling red wine for the first time during the Communion as he understood it. Bread and wine, symbolic of the flesh and blood of El’Tihir. Eat my Body. Drink my Blood. It made him nauseas to even think of it. He hoped he didn’t sick up during the ceremony.
After breakfast he considered visiting Elysia’s quarters to see if she was feeling well enough to roam the grounds as the day unfolded. Then he wondered why he should want to see her again so soon. Something had changed about the way he felt about her. Feelings stirred during that night during Rook’s lesson. What was it he had said before the demon attacked, that he and Elysia would make a ‘fine couple?’ He shivered to even contemplate it. But at the same time, he remembered how terrified he had been when the demon had kidnapped her. His fear of losing her was almost … heartbreaking?
Something else had deeply upset him right before her rescue. When he followed the demon, down to those lower levels of the Keep. Right below that chamber was the entrance to the crypts, the place where his real mother had been laid to rest. At the time he had really been too focused on rescuing Elysia, but right now the thrill of the day was overpowered by a crushing pain in his chest. Tears stung his eyes as he broke down and wept, trembling all over as the pain sprung up anew. His mother had been his entire world when he lost her. So strange how things seem better as time passes, then the heartache strikes, and you lose your footing once again.
‘Do not cry, young Lord Tristan,’ Pastor Rook croaked down the hallway. Tristan looked up in surprise to the see the man walking with a cane for support and a heavy white bandage across his chest. ‘Why, you are a hero! Everyone is talking about you!’
‘I just did what I had to do,’ Tristan replied with a sniff, wiping the tears from his face.
‘From what I hear of your father’s men,’ Rook continued, ‘you were astounding! Truly remarkable. Worthy of songs they are saying.’
‘I don’t know about that,’ Tristan said. ‘The arrows told me what to do.’
‘Yes,’ Rook said with a sad smile, ‘there was still some magic in that old quiver after so many centuries gone by. Such a shame you had to fire the last arrow. I fear it may never work again.’
‘I recovered a number of arrows,’ Tristan said. ‘I put them back in the quiver, and I waited and waited, but it seems it has lost its magic.’
‘Such a pity,’ Rook said, staggering for a moment with a look of great pain. Tristan rushed to his aid, but the man shooed him aside. ‘I’m perfectly fine, boy. No need to worry.’
‘You were the real hero in my book,’ Tristan said with a grin. ‘I never knew you could wield real magic?’
‘All followers of the Faith can wield a little,’ Rook said. ‘My mentor was more focused on the written word, and he afforded me very little time to practice. I am certainly no Magician!’
‘Was pretty darn impressive though.’ 
‘Thank you, Tristan. Like you said, “I just did what I had to do.”’
‘I couldn’t have done it without you,’ Tristan said in earnest.
‘And if not for you I dread to think what might have become of poor dear Elysia,’ Rook replied. ‘Her father will never forget what you did for her, Tristan. You’re moving up in the world, boy! That is for sure.’
‘I won’t let it get to my head,’ Tristan said earnestly.
‘Oh really?’ Rook asked, appearing quite amused. ‘They have a name for you now too, you know?’
‘I hope it’s a good name.’ Tristan said.
‘Oh, it’s a good one,’ Rook replied with a grin. ‘They’re calling you “The Archer.” My eyes-and-ears about the court report it being whispered in the streets in many places. There has reportedly also been an influx of young boys playing in the streets with toy bows and arrows. Claiming that they are the famed Archer, Lord Tristan. You’ll start up a cult if you’re not too careful, boy.’
‘I’m only glad that she’s okay,’ he said. 
‘Thanks to you, Tristan. You did a bloody fine job, my boy. The Captain of the Guard has been giving his soldiers a right dressing down. From what I’ve heard so far, most of them ran off down one hallway, when you used the arrow to discover that the demon was using a decoy and had escaped down the other hall! Lady Elysia will never call you slow-witted again I do believe. Bloody clever of you, boy. Figuring that out while the majority of the Wolf Guard were running about chasing their own tails.’
‘The arrows were guiding me,’ Tristan replied.
‘Thank heavens you both received those talismans when you did. It was just in the nick of time.’ He patted Tristan gently on the shoulder before a deep sigh. ‘Well, I’ll be heading off to the infirmary to get these bandages changed.’
‘I’ll escort you,’ Tristan insisted.
‘Very kind of you,’ Rook said. ‘Oh, and I nearly forgot, the Lady Elysia has a surprise for you at tonight’s feast. So be sure you don’t dally between your Confirmation and the beginning of the evening.’
‘I’ll be on time,’ Tristan said. ‘Now let’s go get your burns looked after.’ He brought his hands together in prayer position as he said in a feminine tone, ‘My hero!’
Rook chuckled lightly as Tristan proceeded to help him down the hall.

***

That evening, after his Sacrament of Confirmation ceremony, Tristan made his way to the feast tables, arranged in the Garden Courtyard, within the Lower Royal Bailey. The courtyard was wide as a wheat field, a massive rectangular formation of bluestone paving with the walls of the Bailey rising so far in the distance they were not visible at night.
He sat in his father’s seat, as the Lord of the Castle was still off defending the realm. Elysia sat beside him, and as the evening wound on, he began to wonder about her surprise. She gave no hint of it, other than saying she hoped he had ‘a very pleasant evening.’
It was after the main meals were served that Terrence Silver-Tongue, the Court Bard, stepped into the lantern light of the feast tables. He entered the scene not far from the head table where Tristan and Elysia both were seated. He needed only to clear his throat for a sudden hush to fall over the crowd. At this he grinned like a proud wolf. 
Dressed in the finery of a nobleman’s bard, bright silks and a flowing cloak of patchwork colours, his gaze was piercing blue ice, hair white as snow with a thick moustache and short forked beard. Not particularly tall, but the way he held himself deserved attention. And he got it instantly, as all eyes turned to him in anticipation.
On his head was a bright silk hat shaped similarly to that of a Magician. Wide brimmed and conical with a portion flopping down the side. He was an impressive sight! Terrence spoke in a clear rich tone, captivating his audience as he stated, ‘What a wonderous affair I see taking place before me. Nobility and distinguished members of the Royal Wolf Guard gathered to celebrate the Spring Festival of the Tree-King, El’Tihir.’ He waved a hand up high and his words were met with laughter and applause.
He cleared his throat again, resting that hand on the neck of the lute that hung across his chest by a fine leather strap across his shoulder. All was silent once more. He smiled, and then stated in a rather delighted tone, ‘But this evening we are gathered to celebrate a rather more special occasion than usual. I would like very much to take this opportunity to pay an esteemed tribute to our budding new hero, Lord Tristan!’ He shouted Tristan’s name, and the entire courtyard began to roar and shout in tribute, the women laughing and the men thumping their tables, shouting, ‘Lord Tristan the Brave! Lord Tristan the Archer!’
After some time, all eyes returned to the Bard, who cleared his throat once again, his gaze darting left and right with a slightly angered cast. He then began to play a fine tune, something Tristan had never heard before. ‘This masterpiece was written in just the last three days by our very own Lady Elysia, in honour of the bravery and quick thinking of her hero, Lord Tristan.’ There was a light shudder of applause as Elysia smiled at him and he stared back in disbelief.
Then Terrence Silver-Tongue sang the words:

This is a ballad, of the son of Elenore,
Whom our Lord has mourned, for evermore,
Guardian of the Snow Wolf, Neverend,
On whom the Prophecies say, all our lives depend,

The mention of his mother stirred up feelings of anguish for Tristan once again. The Bard looked left and right again with that angry cast, until four minstrels slowly stepped into the light of the tables, playing lutes to the same tune, and joining in for the next verse. They sang of the night the demon attacked, of Pastor Rook’s brave attempts to destroy the demon, and the demon’s inability to capture the wolf-pup, because Elysia was clutching Neverend to her chest. And they sang of the enchanted necklace that protected them both.
Before the next verse however, more lanterns lit up in the distance, beyond the tables, with both Tristan and Elysia now facing a full-sized orchestra that was revealed by the new sources of light. They began to play a new version of the tune, with all manner of instruments joined in to create a harmonious symphony that became a glorious experience!
A group of the finest of female singers took up the next verse:

When the demon stole away his Elysia dear,
Lord Tristan’s heart, must have filled with fear,
But he fought so bravely, and he was so bold,
As he sought that demon with his arrows of gold,

The next verse was sung by the Court Bard alone once again:

Yes, the demon stole away his Elysia fair,
But Lord Tristan did not give in to despair,
No, he did not scream, and he did not shout,
He chased that demon, and he sought him out,

At this point, dozens more male singers walked into the light of the feast tables, bearing lanterns, and singing in a deep bold chant for the chorus. 

For Elysia clutched the wolf, Neverend,
On whom now, all of our lives depend,
Yes, he chased that demon with magic of old,
From a light that shone on his arrows of gold,

The chorus had been sung a number of times throughout these verses, and it was repeated a number of times before the end. Towards the end of the song Tristan was nearly moved to tears by the splendour of it all. He could believe the words and the music were written by Elysia, even in just three days’ time. The girl was a genius after all. He just could not believe that she had written them for him! Then in stunned wonder, he watched and heard as all the guests and attendants of the feast stood and took up the last two verses.

That demon was cunning, and his plan was unclear,
But Lord Tristan never gave in to fear,
He sought his beloved, like the heroes of old,
Seeking out the path with his arrows of gold,

It seemed that they had all been learning their part for as long as it took for them to prepare! At this point tears really did fill his eyes.  They sang the chorus one last time, then sang the final verse.

Lord Tristan’s plan was brilliant to behold,
As our lord’s men witnessed his genius unfold,
And that demon screamed in a voice so cold,
When the Archer pierced his eye with his arrow of gold!

The entire crowd burst into more uproarious laughter and applause, thumping tables, and shouting, ‘Lord Tristan the Archer! Lord Tristan our Hero!’ He began to feel like slumping down in his chair with embarrassment, but Elysia took his hand and encouraged him to stand. His legs felt like lead, his brain was all fuzzy, but he stood, and she whispered in his ear, ‘You should start to bow, silly!’ And so, he gave an adequate bow, and the cheers and applause erupted like the fierce rumble of thunder.
After a time, the Bard strummed a few more strings, until the crowd settled down to silence, and he sang the last:

A tale of such a hero has never before been told,

As when Tristan beat the demon with his arrows of gold.

Chapter 9

The Red Phoenix

Cybele was still curious about the relationship between her father and Sam. She made her way to his quarters with a lantern in one hand, the other stroking the mane of her bodyguard lion, Krell. The name roughly translated to Armour of Stone. Or Unbreakable Stone. He was pretty tough, that’s for sure. He prowled by her side with a slight turn of his head wherever the hallways intercepted. She had not been allowed to take Krell with her on her search for the Phoenix. It had a lot to do with old traditions that she must seek that path alone.
Luckily, Sam turned up out of the blue. She felt their meeting was almost predestined, as it had led to her discovery that the Phoenix was already in some ways a part of her own soul. The chance that a Magician should find her right then and there, and then assist her to discover a way to summon the Phoenix had destiny written all over it!
She just couldn’t shake that innate curiosity about the history between her father and Sam. It seemed there had been some old disagreement between them, resulting in Sam being banished from the palace. She wondered if it could have had anything to do with her mother.
On the way to Sam’s quarters, she summoned the Phoenix almost by instinct. The bird appeared in a startling display of red, yellow, and orange flames. The Phoenix spread its wings, but this time did not take flight. It seemed she willed it to stay on her arm. Another alarming fact was that the flames did not burn her. They only gave off a slightly warm glow.
She was able to release the magic that had summoned the bird just before she arrived at Sam’s front door. The bird vanished in a flare of light, leaving a few sparkles of gold that twinkled before vanishing also. She knocked on Sam’s door three times.
When he stuck his head out the door, he looked her up and down with an air of disapproval. She opened her mouth to ask about Sam and her father, when Sam spoke over her in a huff, almost shouting as he asked, ‘What are you doing here? This is not where you should be!’
‘I came to ask a few questions,’ she replied. Feeling almost scandalised that he would speak to her in such a tone.
‘This is not the right time, nor the place!’ he said in a deep and commanding tone. Krell began to growl, which brought a much fiercer roar from Ri’tu’kur further within the chamber. ‘Go back to where you belong!’ With that, he slammed the door in her face.
How very odd, she thought to herself in disbelief. 
She realised then that she had summoned the Phoenix again, as it danced upon her forearm in bright blazing light. ‘I suppose I’ll go to my room and think it over then!’ she shouted through the door. He did not answer. After his initial growl in her defence, Krell had flopped face down at the door and covered his nose with his front paws. She assumed Ri’tu’kur’s presence in Sam’s study had cowed the smaller lion. Krell was no coward, far from it, but Ri’tu’kur was a much older and larger lion. 
She looked down at him to say, ‘Thanks for the help!’ He groaned and licked his paws like a defenceless cub.

***

Later that evening, as she was settling down to sleep, the lock to her door clicked open! She always bolted her door before sleep, and she had guards watch her door at night. Krell began a low growl and crept from beneath the bed when the door swung wide. A very tall figure filled the darkened space, black horns rising from a mask of opal white, marked with black runes. Dressed in a robe of blue silk, the figure wielded a staff with a burning red ruby at the tip. She took all of this in, in the instant that the intruder revealed himself, as Krell launched at the figure, both of them tumbling out through the front door! A fierce boom filled the air, and a crackling crimson lightning filled the doorway. 
She sprang from the bedsheets, rushing to the doorway to see Krell forcing the assassin to the floor, gripping that black staff between his jaws. She leapt out the doorway and started to run, almost tripping over the blood-soaked form of one of her guards. She did not stop to check if he was still breathing, sprinting through the hallways as the sound of alarm began to fill the palace. Screams were heard in the distance, and the roar of guards most likely finding more victims of the assassin.
Whoever he was, he was surely a Magician. That made her think of only one man who could save her, and so she made her way towards Sam’s quarters as fast as her legs would carry her. More screams of women and shouts of guards filled the palace as she raced through shadows and light towards her destination. She saw guards running to-and-fro in the distance, but she was too scared to call out in case the assassin was on her trail.
When she neared Sam’s front door, she summoned the Phoenix again by instinct. She did not know what powers lay within that enchanted spirit-guide, but her fears had brought the bird into being without her even knowing exactly how she achieved it. Sam’s door was slightly ajar, and she raced inside and slammed the door shut. Turning the key in the lock, she looked about to see that the study was empty. She made her way into his sleeping chamber and found Ri’tu’kur slumbering beside Sam’s bed. But Sam was not here either. 
Ri’tu’kur appeared placid, as if he had not heard the commotion. She wondered at this, but in her near fit of terror, she hid under the bed and waited until Ri’tu’kur stood, shook himself, and proceeded to the study as if in investigation of the situation. She huddled there, shivering, and attempting to breathe as quietly as possible. After a time, Ri’tu’kur returned, and did not seem in any way disturbed or alarmed. He flopped down beside her and began to yawn and roll his tongue. She wondered if the lion was hard of hearing! But besides this apparent lack of concern, she remained hidden and waited until Sam returned to rescue her. She knew he would be looking for her by now.
She attempted to mind-link with the lion, to ask where Sam had gone to. But when she made the telepathic connection, she sensed a strong magic spell protecting the mind of the lion, that recoiled against her as a kind of magic shock! She felt dizzy and began to become very sleepy.

***

Sam was making his way from the Royal Libraries when he heard shouts of commotion. The clash of steel rang out in the air, men fighting and dying. His first thoughts were for the safety of the princess, so he dropped the many scrolls he was carrying and raced towards her room. The door was left open, and there was blood on the floor outside her room. He did not yet know who was attacking the palace, but he then made his way towards his own quarters with great haste.
When he arrived, Ri’tu’kur was sleeping soundly beside his bed. He woke the lion with a mind-link and spoke to the lion using this form of telepathy. He asked, ‘Have you seen Cybele?’ The lion answered, ‘She is not here.’ Sam checked under the bed to be certain, but Cybele was not here.
He reached for a large sabre lying sheathed beside his bed and charged out into the hallways with Ri’tu’kur at his side. He had only needed to send the word, ‘Heel,’ and the lion obeyed immediately. As they raced throughout the palace in search of Cybele, he asked the lion to pick up her scent. The lion responded that he could not sense where she was at this point in time.
The sounds of battle drew him towards the Pharaoh’s chambers. He crept closer, pushing the door inwards, to see the intruder battling with Atef’s guards and lions. It was a demon to be sure. Robed in scarlet and sapphire, the figure wielded a staff that glowed bright ruby at the tip. The demon was casting firebolts that struck the guards, turning them to pillars of flame. Atef was seated on his throne, staring down the assassin that towered above him after taking out his lion guards. The lions were also struck by the firebolts and were severely burned.
Sam charged the demon from behind, as the figure spun to wield that scarlet lightning again, casting a bolt in his direction. He deflected the attack with a Shield-Sphere that protected both himself and also his lion defender. Ri’tu’kur launched at the demon, pushing him to the floor as Sam stood above him to skewer the creature with his blade. But the weapon passed right through his silk robes and did not draw blood. It seemed the creature could be cut, but the weapon could do no damage. He should have brought his staff instead, he then realised.
The creature raised his staff and blasted Sam with a deadly bolt that knocked him flying across the room. He lay on his side with blurred vision to see Ri’tu’kur also knocked aside by a powerful blast. The lion was knocked out cold. The demon stood, and strode towards King Oteptun Ra’nen, seizing him by the collar. With a tap of his black staff against the stone dais, a cloud of red smoke surrounded the pair. When the smoke cleared, both had vanished!

Chapter 10

The Elf Prince and the Ogre

Rorighan Aelfinn-Blood sat at the dining room table of The Spring Faun, a modest establishment with polished tables and high-backed chairs. Across from him sat his accomplice, a member of the Gor’Ora’Drhrin Clan of Rock Trolls, Boridrhrin Bree-Ash. Shaped not unlike a giant boulder, the Troll was rounded in shape, standing over eight feet in height, and his stonelike flesh was marked in many places by spiralling runes that glowed a bright crimson.
It would be fair to state that his friend’s head was situated in his chest, with red ember eyes glowing in the centre of his form and a slit for a mouth hole. His arms were thick as barrels, and his legs just as wide. The Gor’Ora’Drhrin were amongst the oldest of peoples of this world, having been crafted by the Stone God, Runen, during an ancient age. Bree-Ash wielded an axe with a haft over nine feet long, double bladed steel that shone like dark silk. The weapon burned bright crimson when Bree-Ash was engaged in battle.
Though for now, it glowed a soft amber, as the Troll’s mood was somewhat appeased, having had a meal of twelve turkeys and numerous pints of a strong liquor. It could even be said that he was tipsy to the point of giving away more secrets than he would wish. This was part of the game Rorighan had played with his old friend, to ply what news he could of the Troll’s people and their comings and goings.
‘Get to the point!’ Boridrhrin roared as he slammed his axe haft against the paved tiled floor. ‘You’ve been going about in circles and I cannot see up from down so far.’
‘All in good time, my friend,’ Rorighan replied with hands raised in a pleading gesture. ‘I have news to report. A sprinter-hawk reached our forest not two days past, with a report that the spirit guides of the Snow Wolf, the Red Phoenix, and the Black Dragon have all been reborn into the world.’
‘Well now,’ Bree-Ash replied, ‘that do be something worth telling.’
‘There is more,’ the Elf Prince stated in a serious tone. ‘There are rumours that the Ana’nitia King has awakened also.’
‘Then this is terrible!’ Bree-Ash boomed. ‘What hope is there if the Vampire Lord is brought back into being?’ 
‘There is hope still,’ Rorighan said in a smooth tone. ‘The Saviour Spirit-Animals are also reborn, all in line with the prophecies. If we are able to stay ahead of the game, we may yet achieve victory.’
‘There’s more,’ Bree-Ash grumbled, ‘I know you’re holding back something.’
‘There is more,’ Rorighan admitted. ‘The report also stated that Pharaoh Oteptun Ra’nen was taken captive by a sinister demon not three days past.’
‘Oh no!’ Bree-Ash boomed. ‘Poor Atef! I liked him a lot. He was a good man. Pity though.’
‘What are you saying man?’
‘Well, if the Vampire King has taken him, he is surely doomed,’ Bree-Ash stated as a matter of fact. ‘I recall that as a lad, Atef was particularly good at finding perfectly rounded stones, perfectly suitable for the Raising.’ He placed a hand on his belt and sash of armour that covered his groin. Though in truth, the Gor’Ora’Drhrin did not have any private parts. Their young were raised by a different means to most kinds, and the belt and armour was only worn by some of his kind to mimic the ways of men. 
‘He is not doomed if we are able to rescue him!’ Rorighan said with emphasis.
‘I don’t like your chances,’ Bree-Ash grumbled.
‘I’m assembling a team,’ Rorighan said with a grin. ‘An elite group of experts in espionage and battle prowess. Together, we will make our way to the lair of the Vampire King, rescue the Pharaoh, and with any luck, we will destroy this great threat before it runs rampant.’
‘It all sounds very far-fetched,’ Bree-Ash said in a complaining tone.
‘What would you prefer?’ Rorighan asked. ‘That we sit here twiddling our thumbs while the world falls into ruin? Atef was said to have been captured by a Jinn-Magician demon. That means the Vampire King is surely bringing demons across from the Void. We either act now or sit idly by until the matter is out of our control.’
Bree-Ash groaned before he asked, ‘Who else do be on our team?’

Chapter 11

Hunting for Eggs

Tristan stood under the shade of a tall oak tree, with Elysia by his side. They watched the younger children gathering eggs for the Tree-King Festival, in remembrance of when El’Tihir had used the Power of Division to create enough eggs, from one egg, to feed an entire army. The eggs were dyed in many speckled colours and hidden beneath the brush in the gardens of the Royal Courtyards. Tristan had decided that this year he would not be part of the hunt.
‘Why don’t you join them?’ Elysia asked with a sidewards glance.
‘I have to keep an eye out for the demon,’ Tristan replied. He still carried the quiver with the remaining arrows he was able to salvage. Some had been too damaged to use, but he had managed to find seven that were still sharp at the blade tip.
‘You wounded him pretty badly from what I hear,’ Elysia said. ‘I think he will be licking his wounds for now.’
‘We don’t know that for certain,’ Tristan replied.
‘Well,’ Elysia said, ‘we are safe for now.’
‘It was close though,’ Tristan said. ‘Really close. I need to keep a sharp eye out in case he returns.’
Neverend was sitting at his feet. He had kept the wolf close whenever he could be taken away from his mother, who was still recovering from the night that the demon attacked.
‘You were very brave that night,’ Elysia said.
‘I just did what needed to be done,’ Tristan said with a sigh. ‘I’m lucky I had the arrows to guide me. But I’m worried they won’t wound the demon, now that the quiver is no longer using the Power of Division.’
‘We are well guarded,’ Elysia said. ‘The Captain of the Guard has made certain his men are on top of the way this demon behaves.’
‘And what if he tries a different tact?’ Tristan asked. ‘What then?’
‘I don’t know,’ Elysia admitted. ‘Some things cannot be controlled. We must trust to fate.’
Tristan was silent for a time, until he admitted, ‘I liked the song. Thank you.’
‘You deserved much better,’ Elysia said with a smile.
‘It was beautiful,’ Tristan said. ‘I couldn’t believe you wrote it for me.’
‘It shall be a part of the Tree-King Festival for many years to come,’ Elysia said. ‘You have become a symbol for the people. You are my hero.’
‘It was nothing,’ Tristan said with a wave.
‘I’ll never forget what you did for me, Tristan.’
‘It’s not a big deal,’ he said with a sniff.
‘Let’s go and collect a few eggs,’ she said. ‘For traditions sake.’
‘Alright,’ he said, then followed her onto the field to search for speckled eggs.

Chapter 12

Drahkuhl

Drahkuhl waited for the return of the Jinn-Magician. And when he returned, in a puff of red smoke, Drahkuhl was pleased. He explained that he had not been able to retrieve the Red Phoenix, or the girl who wielded the Phoenix, but had instead returned with the girl’s father. The Pharaoh was proud as he stood before Drahkuhl. He did not show fear. But Drahkuhl would drill the fear into his bones.
Drahkuhl had found many servants on this island, once known as Horse Hill. The shepherds and townsfolk had been easy victims. Their blood had also replenished his powers, that he had fed to the Jinn-Magician, to allow the demon to recover from his failure in capturing the Snow Wolf.
He was surrounded now by a host of Vampire Guard. Men and women of the island that he had taken as his servants. Their eyes were now cast with the dead blackness of vampire souls. Their fangs desperate for human blood. But he had only allowed them to drink from the animal stock, sheep, goats and even rats as he saw fit for them. They would be loyal, as his control over them was explicit. Yet without a sufficient supply of blood, they would eventually become decrepit. 
He faced the Pharaoh, speaking the words, ‘You shall bring them to me.’
‘They will defeat you!’ the man sputtered, spitting at Drahkuhl’s feet. Well, he would learn to be more respectful. For now, he would drill the man for information on his people and their ways. This world was all new to him. He would need to learn fast if he hoped to survive. His enemies would be coming for him soon. But he would be ready.

Chapter 13

Eldarus the Magician

‘Blast it man!’ Eldarus shouted. ‘It needs to be raised!’
‘I’m sorry, old pal,’ Farimus replied. ‘I just wanted to check the bandages.’
‘Well, the bloody bandages will have to stay on!’ Eldarus boomed.
‘As you say,’ Farimus said with an uncertain grin. ‘I just don’t want the wound to fester.’
Eldarus had taken a nasty wound from that Magician Demon. His leg was badly scarred with burned skin and a large bruise. It irked Eldarus to admit that the demon had been more than he could handle. Eldarus was part god after all! Part mortal, part god, his soul belonged to the Angels of the Aesir of Old. He took human form many an age ago, when he took up the quest to guide mankind in their endless bickering and wars.
‘I need to be out looking for the boy!’ Eldarus hollered.
‘All in good time,’ Farimus said, as he wrapped the leg in a cloth bundled with ice. ‘You need to rest too, my friend. You took a nasty bump on the head too, as you know. Your mind needs time to recover.’
‘Well, what time is it?’ Eldarus asked, suddenly feeling that his mind was all fuzzy.
‘Time that you took your evening cup of tea,’ Farimus said, moving to the stove to fill the kettle.
‘The boy needs me!’ Eldarus groaned. ‘He’s caught up with that demon monkey!’
‘From what I hear,’ Farimus said while preparing the tea, ‘that Monkey King is not a bad bloke.’
‘He’s corrupted!’ Eldarus wailed. ‘I can’t sit here while that demon monkey takes him trapsing across the globe.’
‘I’m sure he’ll be alright,’ Farimus said, adding extra wood to the stove.
‘What do you know about it?’ Eldarus shouted.
‘I’m just doing my bit to see that you’re nursed back to full health,’ Farimus said with his back turned. ‘I should be the one complaining. Lost a bloody fine ship thanks to that bloody demon.’
‘Yeah, well, that chest sure came in handy.’ Eldarus sat staring into nothing.
‘Lost a bloody lot of gold in that chest too, you know,’ Farimus said with sigh.
‘How much?’ Eldarus asked with half interest.
‘A bloody lot of gold,’ Farimus said. ‘I hope our young Dragon King is not spending it on wine and women.’
‘Not my Matthew,’ Eldarus said in a huff. ‘He’s a good honest young man. Respectable, decent. I’m sure he’ll bring back the lot plus profit!’
‘I do no’ care for the gold, old man,’ Farimus said. ‘I’m worried for the boy, same as you.’
‘I need to get to him,’ Eldarus moaned.
‘We’ll head out in search for him as soon as your leg do be mended,’ Farimus said.
‘Yes,’ Eldarus said. ‘I’ve summoned my ship to return to the docks in three days’ time. We have a long journey ahead of us. Are you sure you can risk the time away from your duties?’
‘I have men to take care of business while I’m away. The boy is what matters most. Him and that damned dragon of his. I truly hope we can get to him before that demon does.’
‘We bloody well better!’ Eldarus roared.

Chapter 14

Taken Captive

When Cybele woke, she was in her own bed. She did not remember the rest of the night, after she tested to mind-link with Ri’tu’kur, all had gone dark. Sam sat by her bedside, explaining that they had found her roaming the hallways following the demon attack. The news that her father had been taken captive was almost too much for her to bear.
‘We must start a search for him,’ she insisted.
‘You need rest, princess,’ Sam said in a soothing tone.
‘If the Vampire King has taken him captive, who knows how long he will keep him alive.’
‘We will begin our search for him when we have more information,’ Sam said.
‘I can’t sit here knowing my father is captive to that monster!’
‘We are all overly concerned for Atef,’ Sam said. ‘If it were in my power to rescue him, I would make the journey on my own. I fear we may have need of your spirit-guide, however. Perhaps all three of them may be needed.’
‘Has the demon made attempts on the dragon and wolf?’ Cybele asked.
‘My sources report of three separate attacks by the Jinn-Magician,’ Sam replied. ‘It seems the King of the Ana’nitia wishes to obtain the three spirit animals to increase his power. It may also be necessary for him to escape his imprisonment.’
‘Where did you learn of this?’ Cybele asked.
‘I’ve been researching in the Royal Libraries,’ Sam said. ‘There are ancient texts that suggest the Vampire King was defeated and imprisoned on the island once known as Horse Hill. That is the island to the west of Britain now known as Bear Isle. It was once the capital of the Bear Clans that now rule the northlands of Britain, the Celts.’
‘How did they imprison him?’ Cybele asked.
‘Old Magic,’ Sam replied. ‘I do not understand it fully. But I believe he is seeking to obtain the dragon, the wolf, and your phoenix bird to attempt to escape the bonds that hold him to that island.’
‘Then we must journey to the island and defeat him!’ Cybele said, attempting to stand, but her legs felt wobbly.
‘Rest, for now, princess.’ Sam gave her a long stare. ‘There is a danger that taking the spirit animals to the island could provide the Vampire King with the perfect opportunity to snatch up all three spirit-guides and turn them to his power.’
‘Still,’ Cybele whispered, ‘we must try to save my father.’
‘We will,’ Sam said. ‘I have been reporting back and forth for weeks now via sprinter-hawks. The boy Matthew who was guardian to the dragon has gone missing. It is believed he was rescued from the Jinn-Magician attack by the Monkey King.’
‘I thought he was only a myth,’ Cybele said in disbelief. ‘Like El’Tihir.’
‘El’Tihir is no myth, girl,’ Sam said deadpan. ‘Nor is the Monkey King. They are both very real. Amongst the Britons Sun Wukong is believed to be some kind of demon. My research suggests he is something much more special. There are ancient texts that connect the soul of El’Tihir with that of Wukong.’
‘So, you’re telling me our Great Saviour is an ape?’ Cybele scoffed.
‘Prophecies are often more complicated than simply decoding symbolism,’ Sam said. ‘Though, if these texts are accurate, it suggests the return of Sun Wukong is directly related to Matthew’s bringing the first dragon back into our world.’
‘Does anyone know where this Wukong has taken the boy?’
‘It is believed he has been taken to train with the Sese’Chin,’ Sam said. ‘We don’t know this for certain, but his mentor plans to set out in search for him as soon as he is able.’
‘But don’t we need to bring the dragon with us to rescue my father?’
‘It would seem so,’ Sam said. ‘Destiny is dragging me in three directions at once. My duty remains as your protector, however. I will remain by your side and do what I can to figure out a way to save Atef.’
‘Why do you call him that name?’ Cybele asked. ‘His name is Oteptun Ra’nen.’
‘His real name is Atef,’ Sam replied. ‘It is the name he was given at birth, and the name I called him when we were both young boys.’
‘So, you’ve known each other since way back when,’ Cybele mused. ‘I wonder about you two. Why has he never spoken of you?’
‘We had a … disagreement,’ Sam said with a serious frown.
‘Was it about my mother?’ she asked. ‘Did you ever sleep with her? Oh, God! You’re not going to tell me that you’re my real father, are you?’
‘I most certainly did not sleep with your mother,’ Sam said in anger. ‘You are Atef’s child, and the heir to the Tegean Kingdom.’
‘Thank heavens!’ she shouted. ‘Or else things would’ve gotten way weird otherwise.’
‘I have no idea what you mean,’ he said.
‘You know what I’m talking about,’ she said with a wink. He glared at her and shrugged his shoulders. But she knew he knew what she meant. 
‘I can see it all so clearly now,’ she said. ‘You were both in love with my mother, so my father kicked you out.’
‘I was banished from the kingdom,’ Sam admitted.
‘For how long?’ she asked.
‘For longer than you have been alive, princess.’
‘So why did you return now?’
‘Destiny, child,’ he said. ‘I had to see for myself if the legends were true. I had to know whether you would truly wield the Red Phoenix, a creature of prophecy upon whom all of our lives now depend. There were some who believed your mother would be the one to bring the Phoenix into being, I was among them. But when I heard that you were coming of age, I made my way into the desert to seek you out. I had to know if the prophecies would make you the hero you are now destined to become.’
‘So, you were stalking me?’ she asked scandalized.
‘A mere point of curiosity, princess,’ he said with a laugh.
‘How many days did you stalk me?’ 
‘I watched you for three days, before I made contact.’
‘That’s creepy,’ she said. ‘What made you decide the time was right to reveal yourself to me?’
‘I could see you were about to die of thirst.’
‘Fair enough,’ she said. ‘Now let’s try to figure out how to save my Dad.’


Chapter 15

Cloud-Soaring

Matthew spent a day practicing riding the clouds with Wukong and Bajie. Mostly Bajie sat on the cloud that was towed behind Wukong’s, eating snacks from his Unfillable Satchel. Matthew stood with Wukong at his side, trying to become more at ease with the heights they travelled, the speed at which they moved, and the air brushing across his skin with the ground so far below.
Wukong told him to stare at the horizon, much like the way he had learnt to become accustomed to travelling by ship with Eldarus. If he stared at the horizon, the rocking of the waves did not make him so travel sick. It was similar with Cloud-Soaring. If he stared at the clouds in the sky in the distance, and the deep blues of the open air, he felt more at peace, calmer, and more relaxed.
Wukong kept a hand hovering above Matthew’s shoulder, in case he became sick again and needed support. But his mentor insisted that Matthew learn to ride the cloud without his help, as he would need to do this on his own one day. Whenever Matthew began to sway in his stance, Wukong’s firm hand on his shoulder felt as if Matthew were suddenly connected to a structure as strong as a stone statue. Unwavering support like a core of solid steel joined from Wukong’s hand, through his mentor’s body, and melded with the firm cloud base on which they stood.
Wukong was trying to get Matthew used to travelling by cloud so that they could make their journey much faster. However, by early afternoon, Matthew was leaning over a thicket of tall grass and heaving up his guts once more. He just could not get used to the feeling of being so high, suspended in the air and travelling so fast he was always half terrified of falling to his death. It made him dizzy, nauseous, and after chucking up for half an hour he insisted they find him a horse.
Wukong stroked his chin whiskers at this, until he snapped his fingers and replied that he would return as soon as he was able. He left Matthew under Bajie’s care, and with that, he stepped onto his cloud that was lowered close to the ground, then raised the cloud over a hundred feet in the air. The next moment he somersaulted through the air so far and fast he was gone in an instant. His form flicking through the open sky faster than anything Matthew had ever seen before. 
‘How does he do that?’ Matthew asked.
‘He had a fine teacher,’ Bajie replied, setting up the pot and water to cook some rice. 
‘Where is he going?’ Matthew asked.
‘I suspect he is going to pinch a horse or two,’ Bajie said with a chuckle.
‘How long will he be gone?’
‘Well, if he is going where I suspect, it could be a few days at least. A day in heaven is a year spent on Earth, they say. So even if he is very swift in his attempts to steal the horses, it could still take days, weeks, or months for him to return.’
‘Surely he won’t be that long?’ Matthew asked.
‘I hope he isn’t gone for more than a day or two,’ Bajie said.
‘So, Wukong is going to steal horses from heaven?’
‘They are the fastest horses to ever exist. Wukong does not care much for upsetting the gods. If he thinks you need a fast horse, I believe that is most likely where he is headed.’
‘So, tell me about when you and Wukong first knew each other,’ Matthew said.
‘Oh, that was long ago,’ Bajie said, poking the cook fire with a stick. ‘A friend and I were appointed to watch over Wukong as Guardians to the Sacred Peaches of Heaven. It was a vast garden of Heavenly Peach Trees, and these delicious fruits took thousands of years to grow and ripen. They hold extreme heavenly powers, and there are festivals held for the gods to eat them and increase their immortal fortitude.’
‘And so, what went wrong?’ Matthew asked.
‘Well, Wukong ate the peaches.’
‘What, all of them?’
‘Pretty much all of the good ones,’ Bajie said with a sigh. ‘The Rulers of Heaven were most displeased, and to sum it all up, my friend and I were banished from heaven. We were thrown down to Earth and made into part demon form.’
‘But you’re not a mean demon, are you?’
‘I’ve done some pretty nasty things during my time on Earth,’ Bajie admitted. ‘But Wukong, and my other accomplice, were to be reunited under a Holy Pilgrimage, following our new master to recover sacred scriptures from the west. And for a time, we were redeemed, and returned to heaven in exalted honour. But there were … complications.’
‘What went wrong this time?’
‘You will have to ask Wukong about that one,’ Bajie said with a grimace. ‘It is an old tale. I will not trouble you with the details tonight, Matthew.’
‘I have time,’ Matthew said with open interest. ‘I’d like to learn more about you two and your old adventures.’
‘You are too polite for such a small boy,’ Bajie said. ‘Let’s eat first, and then we might have time for a few stories before bed.’
‘Okay,’ Matthew said. Then while Bajie was preparing the food, Matthew stared again at the fabulous silk robe Bajie wore. It was thick and plush, deep sea blue with sinuous dragons breathing balls of blue fire, bright reds, greens, and yellows. As he sat staring at those dragons, it seemed they were almost moving in the shimmer of the firelight. ‘That is an exceptionally fine robe,’ Matthew remarked. ‘Where did you get it?’
‘Why thank you!’ Bajie beamed with pride. ‘It is the Dragon Kimono. Only one of its kind. Bought it at Heaven! Cost me forty-two Starlight Plums.’
‘What are Starlight Plums?’
‘They are another fruit from the Gardens of Heaven,’ Bajie explained. ‘But they take less time to grow and hold lesser magic than Heavenly Peaches. Yes, it is an exceptionally fine garment. Stronger than any enchanted armour, no blade can pierce it. And you can sleep out in the wilds in just the kimono, and it is more comfortable than a mattress fit for a king. It even has a hood, see?’
‘Yes, I noticed already,’ Matthew said with a smile.

Chapter 16

A Holy Relic

On the third day of the Tree-King Festival, Tristan woke early once again. Today was the day they celebrated the Rising of the Tree of El’Tihir. Gifts were given within family groups, that mainly consisted of tree cuttings that were planted in family gardens or on the edges of the forest, coloured dyed eggs for the children, and in some cases holy relics were shared from father to son, mother to daughter.
Tristan receiving the Replenishing Quiver, and Elysia receiving the Maiden’s Ward, were a part of this ceremony, although they were given their gifts a few days early. Just as well, he thought. As if they had not, things might have turned out very differently that night when the demon attacked.
He washed and dressed and made his way to the kitchens to grab something to eat. Corn beef toasted sandwiches were the order of the day, with a thick white mustard sauce. He was famished, so he ate every last crumb.
Neverend stayed close by his side, as his mother was still recovering from the attack. Her wounds were not too serious, but it was considered necessary that she be allowed plenty of bedrest over the next few weeks while her burns and scrapes began to heal. That was another matter of good fortune, the fact that Frostgale and her pups had entered the church just at that point in time. If not, the demon might have been able to kidnap the Snow Wolf without resistance. Perhaps the God of Luck, Cerridwen, was working in their favour that night. Or Fortuna if you believed in the old gods of the Eromuleans. But Feligrihir would likely give him a rap across the knuckles if he started believing in their old gods!
He wandered the grounds after breakfast, gaining much praise from all he passed through the hallways and gardens of the keep. Some would cheer, ‘Lord Tristan the Archer!’ or ‘Tristan the Brave!’ It was enough to make his head spin. He didn’t mind being appreciated for his role that night; he just didn’t want them putting too much faith in him either. It was pure luck, after all, he thought to himself. Luck was on my side. 
‘What’s going on inside that head of yours?’ Feligrihir asked, after sneaking up on him again! He’d been seated on the side of the fishpond, when the old wizard had appeared behind him with a handful of hurtswane pods in his grasp. He gazed down at Tristan with those owl-like spectacles, his beard snow white with speckles of grey.
‘I’m just thinking about the other night,’ he said.
‘Well, it’s the talk of the town,’ Feli said as he pulled up a seat beside him. ‘Don’t know that I’ve ever heard a tale quite like it before. Oh, I mean sure, boy hero rescues young maiden from some nasty demon. That’s as old as they get! But there are certain nuances about that event, it strikes me as a formula for a new hero’s ballad.’ He stared with an amused grin.
‘Yeah, well,’ Tristan said with a chuckle, ‘Elysia beat you to the punch with that one.’
‘She did indeed, young Archer,’ Feli said with an even broader grin. ‘Not one of the greatest of works I’ve ever heard, but that girl’s got talent. I hope you appreciate the work she put into it for you. She feels she is forever in your debt. I think she is just trying to figure out ways to repay you.’
‘There’s no need,’ Tristan said with a wave. ‘The real concern is whether the demon will return.’
‘My guess is he will be back,’ Feli said with a serious frown. ‘Or if not him, then another in his place. You may not have noticed, but the guard is on high alert.’
‘I’ve seen a few extra patrols here and there,’ Tristan said with a raised brow.
‘Then you need to get your eyes checked,’ Feli said with a chuckle. ‘The Captain of the Guard has dozens of soldiers and their wolves watching your every move. And that of Elysia and Neverend. The Snow Wolf’s safety is an extremely high priority, but all your father’s men dread to think of what would become of them, should harm come to either Elysia or to you.’
‘I understand,’ Tristan said, casting his gaze left and right to try to catch a glimpse of these elusive guards on patrol. ‘How many men you say are watching me?’
‘The Wolf Guard are highly trained in the art of remaining hidden from sight when they need to be.’ Feli said it with that grin returning. ‘I myself have learnt a thing or two about it.’
‘Yeah, like you’re always sneaking up on me,’ Tristan said with a sigh.
‘I’m trying to train your senses, young Archer,’ Feli replied. ‘The gods gave us at least five senses, sight, sound, touch, taste, and smell. There are those who believe we are gifted more than these five senses alone, however. Such as the sense of good and evil forces. What do you think of that?’
‘I think that demon fellow gave me an awful case of the heebie-jeebies. That’s what.’
‘Yes, well, that does not surprise me at all. Do you think you could perceive true evil in its presence however?’
‘It all happened so fast,’ Tristan said as his mind went back to the events that night. ‘Maybe … maybe I did sense something unnatural.’
‘The legends say once upon a time we could all sense those forces,’ Feli said with a distant gaze. ‘During the days when men and elves fought against demons, toe to toe. You must hone this ability of yours, Tristan. It may be of vital use if we are attacked by such enemies again.’
‘When shall my father return?’ he asked to change the subject.
‘I have not heard any news of it,’ Feli said with a concerned expression.
‘Is everything alright?’
‘No news, as I said already.’
‘No news is good news, as they say,’ Tristan said with a smile.
‘Sometimes,’ Feli said with that same concerned expression.
They sat in silence for a while, Tristan brooding on the matter, before he asked, ‘You know any stories about this demon? Pastor Rook said he thought he might be the Jinn-Magician. You know about him?’
‘I know a few tales about the Jinn-Magician, in fact.’ Feli said nothing further.
‘Well, tell me something that could help me out next time,’ Tristan said.
‘If I think of anything that should be of use, I’ll save it for your next story time. I regret to tell you that all of the tales about the Jinn-Magician do not end well for the heroes.’
‘I thought you might say something like that,’ Tristan said. ‘He was tough.’
‘And cunning, wicked, and deadly,’ Feli said with that distant gaze. ‘Now, why don’t you run along and get something for lunch. Then maybe spend some time in your room reading up on old demons. Rolimbark’s The Tomes of Calliach the Frost-Bearer might give a few hints of what you’re after. And Grollevar’s Creatures of the Void. But be sure to be on time to the feast this evening.’
‘Will there be another song about me?’
‘Perhaps, but don’t worry. I’m sure they’ll make Elysia the hero of that one.’
‘She is the hero,’ Tristan said. ‘She’s the one who saved Neverend.’
‘Too true,’ Feli said. Then as Tristan began to walk away Feli called, ‘Lord Tristan?’
When he turned to face the man, Feli was now standing, and he reached into his cloak pocket to draw forth a single speckled blue egg. On its surface was an embossed insignia of a wolf’s head. When he touched it, and gave it a squeeze, he found it was solid as stone.
‘What is it?’ he asked.
‘I’m not exactly sure,’ Feli said, lowering his spectacles to look over the stone surface. ‘It’s old magic, that much I know. A Holy Relic gifted to a worthy hero.’
‘But I have nothing to give you,’ Tristan said in embarrassment.
‘Saving the Lady Elysia was a gift for which we are all in your debt, young Archer. We will do our best to remind you of it, every chance we get.’


Chapter 17

The Tempter

Matthew and Bajie spent the next few days waiting for Wukong to return. On one afternoon, after they had eaten their lunch of rice and soy sauce, Matthew thought he might try to climb one of the nearby trees. Bajie was sleeping under a peach blossom, after eating too heavily, so Matthew took the time to scout around the camp site.
He had liked climbing trees when he was younger, and this tree looked different to any he had seen before. It had a black trunk, gnarled, and twisted branches, and pure golden leaves tipped with blood red. He had a little trouble making his way up the first part of the trunk, but soon found some places to get a grip with his hands and feet. It was a tall tree, and he wanted to climb high enough to get a good view of the landscape. Utredius followed him up the tree with short bursts of flight.
When he was halfway up, a snake slithered its way down from one of the higher branches, moving up beside him to gaze upon Matthew with emerald eyes. Its skin was speckled blue and red across its back, though its scales were mostly shiny black underneath. To his shock, the snake opened its mouth to speak to him!
‘Welcome, Matthew,’ the snake said, ‘I have been waiting to speak with you.’
‘I never heard of any talking snakes before!’ Matthew said in disbelief.
‘Oh, but I am not really a snake,’ the snake said. ‘I come by many shapes and different names, but you can call me Serpent.’
‘Pleased to meet you, Serpent,’ Matthew said, suddenly feeling quite unsure of the situation.
‘I wonder,’ said the Serpent, ‘what price would you ask to part with your pet dragon?’
‘Utredius is not for sale,’ Matthew said. ‘I would not part with him for any price.’
‘That is what I thought you would say, Matthew,’ said the snake. ‘But surely there is something you wish for that could allow us to strike a bargain.’
‘I miss my Mother, an awful lot,’ Matthew admitted.
‘There, that is a worthy bargain,’ said the Serpent. ‘Give me the dragon, and I will allow you to see your Mother again.’
‘Truly?’ asked Matthew. ‘But that’s impossible! My mother died years ago.’
‘There are ways, Matthew,’ hissed the snake. ‘I will make it possible for you to see her again, if you will just give me your dragon.’
For a moment, the burning pain in Matthew’s heart nearly made him give in. Then he hardened his heart, and replied, ‘Utredius is not for sale.’
‘So be it!’ hissed the Serpent, and with that, he launched at Matthew to bite him on the forearm. Matthew wailed, and fell from the tree to land with a heavy thump.

*** 

Bajie woke to the squawks and chirping of Utredius, who was frantic over something. It was then that Bajie realised the boy had gone. He called out to him, but there was no answer. He then followed the little dragon, who led him to Matthew. The boy seemed to have fallen from the nearby tree. His right arm was swollen and black, and when Bajie looked closely, he saw twin bite marks. He must have been bitten by a snake!
Bajie carried the boy back to the campsite and prepared a fire to try to mix up some medicine. He had many herbs of medicinal properties, but he was no expert healer. But that bite needed treatment, and fast! He wondered if the boy had any broken bones from the fall, but he seemed otherwise unharmed.
Bajie prayed and made ceremonial dances, burning incense, and asking for help from the gods. When Matthew woke, Bajie poured the medicine down his throat, and the boy drank with some coughing and spluttering. Bajie had tied off the wound, to make sure the poison did not spread too quickly. He had tried to suck some of the poison out of the bite marks, by making cuts along the wounds, but he feared he had slept too long for that to be of any use.
He needed the help of an expert healer. Wukong still had not returned, and he began to worry that in a short time, the boy may be at death’s door. He then bundled the boy in some warm blankets and took him to a nearby cave. He told Utredius to watch over the boy, and then he summoned a whirlwind to carry him across the land with haste to try to reach a healer with the necessary medicines.

***

Sun Wukong arrived at the Gates of Heaven in a clever disguise. He wore the Illusion-Magic that had transformed his image into that of the Gold Star of Venus. He was illuminated, and the Gatekeepers of Heaven welcomed him and allowed him to enter without any fuss. Wukong made his way through the Hallways of Heaven at an even pace, for although he did not wish to dally, he did not wish to seem in a hurry either.
He felt a little homesick, returning to the wonders of heaven. Where ten thousand shafts of golden light whirled as a coral rainbow. Scores of celestial sentinels, carrying bows and clutching banners. Divine beings in golden armour, holding halberds and whips. He waved and smiled as he passed them by, feeling that everything was going to plan so far.
He had a good memory of the layout of the buildings within heaven, and within a short time he had made his way to the Jade Emperor’s Stables, where about a thousand celestial horses were kept, and many were being groomed by stablemen.
He approached one of the men and inquired as to whether he may borrow one of the horses to make a long journey, which may take more time than he could accurately predict. ‘I’ll need an exceptionally fine horse,’ Wukong said. ‘One of the Wind Chasers or Distance Breakers would do nicely.’
It was then that a great light appeared in the sky, and there on a gleaming white cloud sat Buddha staring down at Wukong with a warm smile. ‘Good day, Wukong,’ Buddha said. ‘That is a clever disguise you are wearing.’
‘Disguise?’ Wukong asked. ‘I do not know what you mean, Buddha.’
‘Do not play games with me, Sun Wukong,’ Buddha said. ‘You wish to acquire a horse for the boy Matthew. That will come at a price.’
‘How much are we talking?’ Wukong asked with a sheepish grin, after revealing his true form.
‘The Jade Emperor will require a handsome sum of gold if we are to rent out one of his finest horses to you,’ Buddha said. ‘I understand that you have come into possession of five-hundred gold dragon-marks. That may be just enough to appease the Emperor for this little ruse you have attempted.’
Wukong coughed and made a grimace to consider he would need to give up Matthew’s gold. But he thought it fortunate the boy had won the wager, as he would be able to recover more from the demons when he made his claim. He then reached into his cloak pocket, to pull forth a single acorn, that was the chest of gold transformed. He then made the acorn become the chest of gold once more and laid it at the feet of the stableman.
‘I hope this will make for an acceptable deal,’ Wukong said with head bowed.
The BanHorsePlague Stableman opened the chest to pick up a gold coin and gave it a bite test, then raised his hand to Buddha with a thumbs up.
‘You have shown fine character this day, Wukong,’ Buddha said. ‘I will speak to the Emperor on your behalf. The horse is yours for now.’
As Wukong was leaving, Buddha called again to say, ‘Wukong!’ Sun Wukong turned to Buddha, who said, ‘I have just now learnt that the boy Matthew is gravely ill. He was bitten by a snake. I am afraid to inform you that it was in fact the Serpent.’
‘The Serpent!’ Wukong shouted in disbelief.
‘Yes,’ said Buddha. ‘Take this elixir. It is fortified Heavenly Peach Elixir. Three drops will revive the boy. Ten drops will make him much stronger in his magical abilities. It is important that you only allow the boy to have three drops. Understood?’
Wukong smiled and kowtowed several more times, saying, ‘Thank you, merciful Buddha,’ before taking the elixir, and the horse and leaving with great haste.

***
The End of the First Book of Heroes of Legend

***

Free Preview of
Book Two of the Heroes of Legend
The Princess

L. A. Hammer

Prologue

The Demon of Dragon-Blood Thirst

When Sun Wukong learnt that the boy Matthew had been bitten by the Serpent, he flew from heaven to return to the boy as fast as he could manage. Carrying the heavenly horse on his cloud is what slowed him down. Otherwise, he would have been there in one somersault.
When Wukong returned to the place where he had left Zhu Bajie watching over Matthew and his little pet dragon, he found that they had all disappeared. But his sense of the dragon Utredius told him the boy was not far from here. He made his way to the entrance of a large cave, and he was certain the boy and his dragon were inside.
However, when he attempted to enter the cave, he was repelled by a force field of powerful Air-Magic. ‘What is this?’ he asked, as he tapped the force field with the end of his golden-hooped staff. It was then that Wukong could make out the sounds of a ritual going on inside the cave. He listened carefully, and soon realised that the boy must have been captured by The Demon of Dragon-Blood Thirst.
This particular demon became much more powerful when he drank the blood of dragons. There had not been dragons in the world for some time, so Wukong was not surprised this demon would seize this opportunity to increase his magic abilities.
‘Why don’t you come out here and fight?’ Wukong shouted at the cave entrance. ‘So then, old Monkey can give you a hard knock about the head and we can end this!’
‘Go away, Monkey King!’ the demon replied, his voice carried across a fair distance within the cave. ‘Do not disturb my ritual. The dragon’s blood shall be all mine.’
‘You know that no matter how strong the blood makes you,’ Wukong roared, ‘you will still be no match for me!’
‘That may be so,’ cried the demon, ‘but look, you are currently unable to break through my defences, and I have only had a few droplets of dragon blood. If I drink the entire lot, you will not break through that Shield-Wall for a thousand years or more.’
‘That may be true,’ Wukong said to himself with great concern. Then he shouted, ‘I will wait out here, for as long as it takes for you to crawl free of that lair. Hungered and thirsty, you will have no strength left in you. Give up the boy and his dragon now, so that you may live another thousand years here in peace.’
The demon was silent for some time, then he continued the chanting of his dragon-blood ritual.
‘I will find a way to break down this wall!’ Wukong roared in outrage. ‘When I do, I will plant your skull on a spear and place it outside this door.’
‘What for?’ the demon asked.
‘As a warning to young children not to play in caves where demons are hiding out!’ He tried to control his temper, then he began to plead. ‘The boy is important. Our fate is in his hands. If you destroy his dragon, the boy will surely die.’
‘What do I care?’ the demon replied.
‘I have medicine for him!’ Wukong cried, suddenly remembering a possible way to appease the demon. ‘It is fortified Heavenly Peach Elixir. I will give the boy the three drops he needs, then I will give the rest to you. What do you say?’
‘I say dragon-blood tastes much better!’ the demon cried. ‘Away with you, Monkey King. Forget the boy, he is too far gone to save.’
At these words Wukong became totally enraged. He beat at the Shield-Wall of the cave opening and made many cracks and dents in the sides of the cave as he shattered stone with his staff. But wherever he made a hole in the cave wall, he still could not get through that shield that protected the entire interior of the cave.
He sat and thought for a while, until a whirlwind began to approach on the horizon. He looked closely and saw that it was Zhu Bajie, returning after a night of wine and women no doubt! He was furious with Bajie for leaving the boy unprotected. But when Bajie arrived and explained that he had gone in search for medicine, Wukong was not so mad with him.
‘What are we going to do, Wukong?’ Bajie asked.
‘I will have to seek assistance from the heavens,’ Wukong admitted.
‘But if you go to heaven now, the boy could be lost to us before you return.’
‘That is plain truth,’ Wukong said. Then he thought of the elixir again, and decided to have a few small droplets, to assist him with a summoning of the gods. He even gave Bajie a few drops to savour, and soon the two of them were burning incense and chanting as they danced around the campfire, as it was getting dark and Bajie had lit the fire to cook some rice.
The elixir awoke a powerful magic within them both, and after an hour or more of ritualistic chants and prayers, the light of the crescent moon broke through the clouds. Wukong and Bajie looked to the light of the moon, to see Buddha seated on a dark blue cloud traced in silver.
‘I have heard your prayers, Wukong,’ Buddha said with a sad smile. ‘The shield that blocked the cave entrance is now disabled. You must hurry to rescue young Matthew.’
‘Thank you, merciful Buddha,’ Wukong replied, as both he and Bajie kowtowed several times before dashing off to enter the cave.
The demon fled to the back of the cave when he saw Wukong and Bajie. Wukong knelt to lift Matthew’s head, and as the boy opened his eyes, Wukong lifted the gourd of elixir to his lips and said, ‘Drink!’
Matthew had the first two drops, then his eyes blazed with energy as he reached to the gourd to pull it free from Wukong’s grip. The boy poured a large portion of the entire gourd down his throat in heavy gulps, as Wukong tried to figure out how the boy had become strong enough to steal the gourd out of his hands. Then he recalled the fact that Matthew had lifted Wukong’s staff, that even the Dragon King had not been able to lift.
‘Should he have had so much?’ Bajie asked as Wukong managed to pry the gourd from Matthew’s fingers.
‘No!’ Wukong shouted. ‘No, he should have only been given three droplets.’
They watched as Matthew’s body began to levitate off the ground, a blinding light surrounding him as the boy spasmed and gasped from the vast surges of magic flowing through his body and soul.

Chapter 1

The Elf King

The Elven Kingdom was in mourning this evening, on the third day of the Festival of the Tree King, El’Tihir. The Festival was more commonly celebrated amongst the humankind, Elves revered the legends of El’Tihir, but their faith still too often held to the gods of old.
Lendok DeVannen-Luren, High Steward of the Elven Kingdom, sat at his writing desk preparing the letter for the son of the King of the Elves. Lendok brushed a sliver of silver hair aside with his left hand as the other held quill above thick dry paper.
The reason that the Elf-Kin were in mourning was that their King had taken a near fatal wound in battle this day. An Elder God, Balin, had stormed the Elven Palace, over some dispute regarding his honour, and Balin brandished the Spear of Destiny, with which he had wounded King Brethalladir Even-Star, King over all of the Elves. 
Brethalladir was in bedrest now, after Balin was chased from the Kingdom by legions of Elf-Kin wielding blades, spears, and arrows of blazing light. The Elder God had declared the offense to his name and kin was now paid for in full, before he returned to the heavens in a bolt of lightning as the atmosphere rumbled.
Lendok considered the other signs that had already recently occurred, the rebirth of the Snow Wolf, the Red Phoenix, and the Dragon King. Rumours that the King of the Ana’nitia had Arisen. Now this.
The threat upon their beloved King’s life was merely a small part in this matter. For it was part of the old prophecies, that when the Elf King was wounded in this manner, by the god Balin as the legends told, the world would soon after hang in the balance of the Scales of Fate. For the Wounded King was forever linked to the Wounded Land that was to follow after, when a Great Shadow covered the skies for all the stretches of the Earth. This Darkness signalled the End of Days, when the High-Jinn Returns to claim the world for his own. On the other side of fate was the belief that there was some hope, that things could be turned in favour of the High Arts, and mankind would be spared.
The Elf-Kin mourned because the next sequential part of the prophecies had turned from legend to fact on this day and marked the Beginning of the End.

Chapter 2

Politics in the Palace

Cybele sat in her father’s throne room, seated not on his throne, but on a smaller high-backed chair where she overlooked a gathering of family and advisors. Beside her stood Samlet, tall and powerful, he stared down her opposition with the threat of violent rage. Now was not a time to be bickering, but Cybele was learning fast that politics in the palace go part and parcel with leadership in the palace. 
Her younger brother, Toll, the next in line after her, but also the first male child of King Oteptun Ra’nen, was already on the warpath in his aims to usurp Cybele’s claim to leadership and potentially to rule. Toll had always been a bully, using his superior male strength to intimidate his younger siblings during their childhoods. Cybele always had the upper hand of age, but during a number of wrestling matches between the two of them in years past, it would be difficult to say who was the winner.
This was not going to be like any wrestling match. Political negotiation and diplomacy depended upon holding the right information at the right time, and the way that you used that information. Currently, Cybele was one of the few people that knew where her father was likely being kept. There may have been serious doubt amongst her father’s most trusted advisors that King Oteptun Ra’nen was even still alive. That was vital information that she could use to her advantage in these negotiations.
The one man who would hold any real influence over the way these meetings went was not present at this point in time. Caesar had taken ill, possibly food poisoning the night before, the entire kitchen staff had been flogged with cat o’ nine tails. Cybele would be speaking with Caesar about that when things settled down.
The most unfortunate matter was yet to be addressed. Cybele knew that only Caesar could ensure her rise to ruling over all of Tegea without bloodshed. What irked her the most was the fact that she knew in her heart the only way to convince the old buzzard would be to bed him. She had no doubt she would succeed in this endeavour if she did choose to partake in his greed. Her concern was how would she measure her own integrity after making a political manoeuvre so daring as adultery with the Ruler of Empires.

Chapter 3

A Stone Egg

The night of the third day of the Tree King Festival, Tristan sat up on his four posted bed of blue silk sheets and blankets. He had been studying the Stone Egg that Feligrihir had gifted him for most of the day. The evenings feast and celebrations had been exciting but short lived due to a newly enforced curfew. The Captain of the Guard was not taking any further risks than necessary. They still got to have their feast. It just had to be finished by nine o’clock. 
He worried that his father had not been heard from. Surely a sprinter-hawk could tell of their whereabouts. He wondered if his father may be intending to keep his movements secret from potential moles within the system. 
Why else would he not write to tell me of his adventures? Tristan wondered.
He looked over the arrows within the Replenishing Quiver, counting each of the remaining arrows to check if it had Divided to produce any new ones. Regretfully there was still only five in his Quiver. He had needed that last arrow, that pierced the eye of the Jinn-Magician, to save Elysia and Neverend. Yet by wielding that last arrow from the Quiver, it could no longer use the Power of Division to fill the Quiver until it was bristling with enchanted arrows.
His other great fear was that the magic might have also drained out of the five arrows that remained. They looked just like ordinary wood, feather, and metal arrows now. But that night when he chased the demon, they had glowed like flattened gold illuminated by True High Magic. The fact that these golden arrows could be used to track the Jinn-Magician but could also be used to seriously wound that demon were proof that a Spiritual-Enchantment resided in the Replenishing Quiver. 
Old Rook would have believed it to be a Sign, a Message from the Many-Faced God, the fact that the gift was given moments before the Jinn-Magician attacked. That and the enchanted necklace that Elysia had been gifted right before the demon entered the church. The Maiden’s Ward had shielded Elysia and Neverend from the Jinn-Magician in a globe of burning blue electric magic. The lightning was not harmful to Elysia or the wolf pup, but the demon was completely unable to touch them while she wore the necklace.
He hoped she did always wear it from now on, too, he thought to himself. That Jinn-Magician may return for vengeance over the arrow through its eye. He may choose to exact his punishments upon Elysia, for her bravery to hold Neverend to her chest that night while the demon tried to steal them away.
He regarded the Stone Egg with the embossed wolf head that he squeezed between fingers and thumb. It was rock solid, it felt like nothing could crush that stone surface. Something else he had noticed these last few hours was that it was getting warmer to touch, the longer Neverend stayed by his bedside. He had tried walking out of his bedroom, leaving Neverend locked in his room, and he had walked the halls till he was certain the Egg was getting colder. Then when he returned to his rooms the warmth had returned to the Egg.
So, it was linked to Neverend. Meaning perhaps it was an old relic made especially for whoever was guardian to the Snow Wolf of each Age. If the Egg did anything more than this, he was unaware of what that might be. He hoped it was of some use against the Jinn-Magician. A guardian to one of the three spirit-guide animals of omens and fate, should have a strong weapon of enchantment to defend against vampires and demon hordes. The only chance that it did anything else was reliant on discovering whether it reacted differently in the presence of both Neverend and the Jinn-Magician at the same time.
If the demon attacked and the Egg did nothing, Tristan thought he might finally be out of luck.

Chapter 4

Count Arathudria

Drahkuhl searched beneath the earth for the ancient artefacts tied to his former lifetime as a mortal man. These artefacts were placed in vaults within a maze of underground catacombs, in a gigantic mausoleum on the Island formerly known as Horse Hill. He had wandered the maze for hours before finding this first vault, and it took some time, and a portion of his stored magic, to discover a way to open the vault.
When the puzzle was solved, a series of runes glowed within the stone wall of the vault, until a doorway slid open, to reveal a metalworks contraption that was round brass encasing glass. The face of the thing had three wands on a surface marked by measurements. It was a timepiece. That was what they had called them during his Age. This particular piece brought back flashes of memory for Drahkuhl of the days he was known as Count Arathudria.
Flicker!
‘I had it made for you, my love,’ his darling Annabetha stated, her voice filled with youthful passion. ‘They are making all manner of machinery in the New City. This one tells time. You wind it from the lever on the back.’
Flash!
Drahkuhl’s clawed fingers clutched the lever to turn it gently, winding back the springs, wheels, and cogs, to bring the contraption to life once again. He turned it over and watched as if magic were working within the device, as the thinnest of the three wands began to tick in time with the passing seconds. A clockface. That was its name. The round white surface appeared to be polished ivory. Suddenly the device began to make an alarming sound, as the clock vibrated terribly, and he lost his grip as it fell with a clang. The thing was still making that awful racket when he picked it up again. He stared at the face again as more memories returned.
Flare!
‘I hope we are able to bring our first child into the world this spring,’ Annabetha said with a sheepish grin. ‘I wish to give you three sons, but I would so love to have a daughter also.’
Arathudria brushed a hand through her silken locks, his hand cupping his wife’s cheek as tears fell from their eyes. They had been trying to conceive for years now. It seemed something was imperfect in either one of them. Something missing.
Crackle!
Drahkuhl was stunned again when the clock began to play a mechanical melody that brought more memories flooding back. 
Fizz! Flicker! Flash! Flare!
It was the tune that had been playing at the soirée where he had first met the bedazzling Annabetha. They danced to that song, and Annabetha had instructed the clockmaker to ensure this device played that song to wake Arathudria every morning.
‘I love it, my darling,’ Arathudria said with delight.
‘Now you can take our song with you, wherever the road may lead,’ she said with a gaze like dark lava.
Flicker!
This was one of the first of the relics he had found that would eventually free him of this island. With each new artefact, he would recover a piece of his memory of his mortal life. From the moment he awoke, these memories had stirred emotion. He was conflicted in his aims, on the one hand to rule and feast on the blood of mankind. The evil curse upon his soul and flesh made the thirst for blood never-ending. On the other hand, he was recalling what it felt like to be human. The outcome of this struggle would decide the fate of the world, as he would either seek redemption as a hero reborn, or he would wreak his vengeance in an endless bloodbath of carnage.
Flash!
Annabetha placed her hand over Arathudria’s, as he felt for the babies kicking in her belly. ‘Twins!’ she said with a look of wonder. ‘The gods have truly blessed us it seems.’ It was the last time that he saw her alive.
Rumble!
A lightning-bolt twisted through the clouded skies above. Drahkuhl’s roar was a thunder to wake the heavens!


Chapter 5

A Swift Journey

Matthew felt revived after the elixir had healed him of the wound given to him by the Serpent. He shivered with the rush of elation of pure High Magic that had flooded his flesh and bones, his very spirit awakened like never before. He giggled as Wukong wrapped a warm blanket around him as he sat in front of the campfire. Magic still coursed through his soul like an endless tide, washing back and forth with electric pulses.
‘You were incredibly lucky!’ Bajie said with a worried expression. ‘We were out of ideas when the Heavenly Buddha came to your rescue.’
‘I should like to thank him personally, then, one day,’ Matthew said with a bright grin.
‘You may at that,’ Wukong said with a frown. ‘Just be careful not to offend the Almighty Buddha. He and I are still on uncertain terms ever since I …’  
‘Ever since you what?’ Matthew asked with intrigue.
‘Never mind,’ Wukong said with a wave. ‘That is a tale for another day.’
‘I insist that you tell me now,’ Matthew said, pouting and crossing his arms, at which point Utredius poked his head out from the folds of Matthew’s blanket to chirrup at Wukong in a scolding manner.
‘You might as well get it out in the open, Wukong,’ Bajie said.
Wukong shrugged his shoulders then said with a sigh, ‘I killed off all of the last dragons.’
At this Utredius jumped up and down flapping his wings and singing like a canary.
‘Why would you do that?’ Matthew asked in shock.
‘It is a long tale to tell, Matthew,’ Wukong said. ‘But the long and short of it is, I had an old grudge with the King of Dragons and his Brothers. They had betrayed me, resulting in my death for a time, and so I sought revenge on them all.’
‘Did this outrage Buddha and the gods?’ Matthew asked.
‘It did indeed,’ Wukong admitted. ‘There is more to it than purely an act of revenge. I had learnt of the prophecies that state that the Return of the Ana’nitia depended upon dragons being alive at the time. I thought that if I acted out my revenge on the dragons, by wiping them from the face of the Earth, I might also stop a terrible prophecy from coming into being.’
‘Haven’t you ever heard of just trusting to fate?’ Matthew asked with jaw dropped.
‘I did what I thought was right at the time,’ Wukong said with a frown. ‘Do I regret my actions? Sure, I do. But you cannot change the past.’
‘Are you planning to murder my dragon?’ Matthew asked with eyes of horror.
‘No!’ Wukong insisted. ‘I know now that Utredius will be vital in our hopes of defeating the Vampire King. Utredius feeds your magic, and so as he grows in strength, so will you. We need you to be extremely powerful if you are to face the Ana’nitia. So, no, I will never harm Utredius, I swear it on my immortal soul.’
Utredius eyed Wukong with beak snapping like a long-necked raven, making a few squawking sounds before retreating to the folds of Matthew’s blanket.
After that disturbing news, Matthew ate a bowl of breakfast, then the three of them set out on their journey to meet this great ally of Wukong’s. The magnificent horse that Wukong had obtained from the Stables of the Jade Emperor had a silk coat that glistened in the morning sunlight. Its saddle and harness, bridle and reins were the colour of jade, and the horse was brown like the earth with a black mane and tail. Matthew was still reeling from the elixir, and felt ready to ride out, and so, when he was in the saddle, he kicked his heels into the flanks of the beast, and it took off like a fox on hunting day.
Wukong rode his magical cloud, with Bajie seated on a separate cloud behind him that was towed along with him. They moved closer to the ground to keep an eye on Matthew, and soon they were sweeping across the landscape like wraiths in a storm wind. The horse was agile and graceful with every step, and it seemed that Matthew was gliding more than riding as the horse moved at incredible speeds. He did not feel sick at all either. Cloud-soaring and travelling by boat always made him nauseous, but he had been riding horses for as long as he could remember. They would make a swift journey at the pace they were now setting, with Wukong often moving ahead of him to keep him on track like a floating compass.
At the end of the day, they made camp, started a fire, and ate some rice and vegetables with a little diced turkey meat that Bajie had stored in his Unfillable Satchel. Matthew was still a little upset about the story of Wukong and the dragons however, so rather than asking for another story, he rolled over in his blanket and went to sleep early.

Chapter 6

Trouble in the Keep

Tristan woke to the sounds of battle throughout the Keep. He rolled out of his blankets and started to dress as fast as he could. The guards at his door told him to stay in his room, but he reached for the Stone Egg, and raced past the guards with Neverend at his heels. ‘Lord Tristan!’ they yelled, as the guards began to chase after him. ‘We are sworn to keep you safe!’
‘I know!’ Tristan called over his shoulder as the guards started to catch up. ‘But I fear the Lady Elysia may be a target if the Jinn-Magician has returned.’
The guards saw there was no option but to follow him, as they charged through hallways where soldiers and their wolves ran to-and-fro in a panicked state. It seemed the Jinn-Magician was using his same trick to throw his scent in different directions to try to confuse the wolves. Tristan had also brought his bow and the remaining five arrows, but for now he relied on the Stone Egg, as he found the longer that he followed a certain path, the Egg grew warmer by the minute. And to his dismay, it was also the path that led to Elysia’s chambers.
When they arrived at her door, they found soldiers slain by the dozen! Tristan entered the room to find Elysia passed out beside her bed, though it seemed the Maiden’s Ward necklace had protected her once again, as she was unharmed and woke at his touch.
‘Was it the Jinn-Magician?’ Tristan asked, to which she nodded while rubbing her head.
‘The necklace protected me,’ she said after a sigh, ‘but he managed to somehow throw me across the room. I bumped my head and then everything went dark.’
‘That devil!’ Tristan yelled. ‘I’ll make him pay for it!’
‘It’s too dangerous,’ his guard Louis told him. ‘The Captain of the Guard will have our men take care of things. We need to keep you two as safe as we can.’
‘He’s right, Tristan’ Elysia said. ‘Don’t try to be a hero again.’
‘I’m not a hero!’ Tristan said in anger. ‘I’m just doing what needs to be done.’
‘You are a hero,’ Elysia said. ‘But I fear the Jinn-Magician is too powerful.’
‘I need to try,’ Tristan said, then he ordered the men to take Elysia and have her surrounded by soldiers that could protect her as best as they could. Then he whistled for Neverend to follow and notched an arrow to his bowstring. To his delight, the arrowhead glowed a dull yellow. ‘Come on, Neverend,’ he said. ‘We’re going to have another shot at him.’ Neverend barked and kept at his side as he made his way further down the hallway in pursuit of the demon.

*** 
Pastor Rook and Feligrihir were amongst those that gathered in the courtyard during the attack by the Jinn-Magician. Rook was considered too injured to be of use, and Feligrihir was there to lend what aid he could if the women and children were in danger. There were hundreds of soldiers surrounding the majority of the women and children that huddled together as the sounds of battle rang out from within the Keep. That Jinn-Magician must have been making a mess of Captain Roland’s soldiers, as the screams of men dying in battle were heard all too often.
‘Perhaps there is something more we can do,’ Rook said to Feli, who shook his head and replied, ‘Don’t risk your neck, Rook. You’re needed here to watch over the young and the frail.’
‘But we both have magic,’ Rook insisted. ‘We could be of some assistance to at least distract the demon, or perhaps send him packing.’
‘I hear what you’re saying,’ Feli said, ‘but it is too risky! We are old men, Rook. Useless old bastards that need to see out the rest of our days without rushing into battle like brave young men.’
‘I’d rather die now than face judgement as a coward,’ Rook said. ‘Join me, and we will force this creature to submit!’
It was then that a warp of space occurred in the distance of the courtyard, a purplish-red magic where suddenly a great serpent appeared that was over twenty feet long and thick as a barrel.
‘Looks like trouble has found us anyway,’ Feli said with a grimace. ‘You guard the people, Rook. I’ll see if I can find a way to disable this demon.’
The snake hissed as its head and neck was raised above the crowd, its body was pure black like marble and its eyes were red as burning coals. Rook watched as Feli stepped forth to wave his arms before him to create a spell. Magic bolts spread from his fingertips that launched upon the snake’s head and neck, magic with enough heat to vaporize most lower-level demons.
Feli was more adept at magic than Rook had ever been, and he knew that his old friend was just testing the strength of this creature with an Apprentice-Level Fire-Spell.
The snake shuddered and collapsed and went still, its body fried, and crispy as black smoke rose from its scales. There was a cry of awe from the onlookers, when suddenly the snake’s skin broke open, and two serpents of equal size broke forth from the first snake. Rook knew then that this was surely a descendent of the Hydra, a demon that used the Power of Division to increase its number each time it was defeated. This also left him with no idea of how they would defeat it.
Before he could warn Feli not to make another attempt, he watched his friend hurl a beam of brilliant blue light at one of the two snakes. This was a High Mage Level Spell, known as the Weiden Spear. The snake was obliterated by the blast of heat and light, but moments after its body was scattered about in pieces, the broken parts formed together to create two new serpents, so now there were three of them!
‘RUN!’ he yelled to the people, using magic to amplify his voice. ‘RUN! HIDE! FLEE NOW OR DIE!’ He stepped forth from the parting crowds to wield a portion of his magic that created a dome of translucent light that surrounded the snakes. The dome would keep them trapped long enough for the people to flee, but it would not hold much longer. He did not attempt to wound or kill these three serpents, as he was sure there would then be six snakes they would have to fight.
As soldiers gathered around both him and Feligrihir, many of them holding wolves on leashes that howled and growled, Rook looked to his old friend and asked, ‘Now what do we do?’
‘You were the one eager to prove yourself,’ Feli said while scowling at the snakes. ‘I really have no idea.’
As soldiers began to surround the translucent wall between them and the snakes, Rook called out to them, ‘Do not attempt to kill them! They will only Divide again, and we’ll be swamped!’ 
The serpents seemed to smile at his words, as if understanding him as they began to bash their heads against the dome of magic that kept them trapped for the time being.
‘We need a stronger magic to defeat them,’ Rook said to Feli. ‘Something that kills demons once and for all.’
‘What about Lord Tristan’s arrows?’ Feli asked with raised brows.
‘Now that you mention it,’ said Rook, ‘I did not see Tristan or Elysia amongst the crowds before they fled. I sent guards to fetch them as soon as I learnt of the attack. If something happens to either one of them it’ll be your neck and mine along with Captain Roland’s that hangs by sunup.’
‘You go and look for them, then,’ Feli said, ‘I’ll stay and here and do whatever I can think of to delay these wretched reptiles.’

***
Tristan followed the path of the golden arrow’s light, that hummed and pulsed as he was certain he was getting nearer the Jinn-Magician. While keeping the arrow drawn to his bowstring, in his right hand that held the arrow fletching and string pulled taught, he also held the Stone Egg, that became warmer as he neared his prey. The Egg also seemed to begin to pulse in time with the glow of the arrowhead, in small vibrating rhythms. 
The sounds of wolves howling, and snarling sounded all around, and the shouts of soldiers on the hunt for the demon. They were soon following Tristan by the dozen as he caught up with each team of soldiers, and he moved as fast as he could while keeping his fear in check. He believed the demon could still harm him despite his enchanted arrows, though he hoped for some miracle that the Stone Egg would provide.
Finally, he had the Jinn-Magician in sight down one end of a long corridor. The soldiers must have cornered him from another side as the creature was caught sniffing the air and waving his jewelled staff in the air, as if to attempt to throw his scent once again to confuse the wolves. Perhaps some of the soldiers had run on ahead from those that were following him, in an attempt to surround the demon and cut off his escape.
Whatever the reason, he had a clear shot, and he released the arrow just as the Stone Egg began to burn in his palm. The Jinn-Magician saw the arrow coming and raised his staff to create another of those glass shields of his, but at that moment Tristan felt the Stone Egg burst with magic. In that same moment, the glass shield shattered before the arrow struck, passing through the shield’s path to plant deep in the demon’s breastplate. Tristan had been aiming for the centre of its chest as he had learnt from his old books that demon hearts were not on the left like human chests, but in the centre.
Golden light burst from the gaping wound amidst a splatter of black blood! The demon staggered and used its staff for support to stand again. Tristan was notching a second arrow to his bowstring when the demon aimed the ruby staff forwards and a bolt of bright red lanced for Tristan’s head!
The blast struck a globe of force that surrounded Tristan when the bolt made impact. The Stone Egg pulsed and burned red hot. The demon struck again but the blast was deflected by the same apparent forcefield that surrounded Tristan. The Stone Egg! he thought to himself in wonder. It was creating the magic forcefield.
Instinctively he moved closer to the demon, step by step, as the snarls of wolves approached down the hall from behind the demon, keeping him cornered and effectively trapped. The soldiers behind Tristan followed closely on his own strict orders that they do not attempt to engage the demon unless Tristan gave the order. The wolves held back on their leashes.
Like a cornered feral cat facing off against a cougar cub, the demon charged for Tristan, striking down against the forcefield. Tristan fell back in fear, the arrow flew off to the side to plant into the stone wall. The demon stood over him now, bashing at Tristan’s shield with that burning ruby staff, the other claw pressed to his bleeding chest. Tristan’s hand still clutching the Stone Egg pushed towards the demon as a reflex of fear. An epic force pummelled the demon, sending him flying backwards through the air at incredible speed. The Jinn-Magician landed on his feet; his masked head tilted sideways as if in disbelief. 
Tristan stood, waving to his men, to shout, ‘Stay back! All of you!’
‘Allow us to intervene, please Lord Tristan?’ shouted Ron McCawley. He was the one holding Neverend tightly in his grip, and Tristan could hear the wolf pup snarling in rage as he fought to break free.
Tristan punched forwards with the Stone Egg clutched in his right fist, watching as the demon was pushed back a half-dozen feet and was sent tumbling. 
‘I’ve got this!’ he shouted to his men, holding his fist up high for the moment. He brought it down in a slamming motion, and the demon was staggering to his feet before he thudded back onto the stone floor as if by a crushing blow.
‘We can take him, now, my lord!’ Ron shouted.
‘You cannot harm him!’ Tristan roared in reply. ‘Only magic can!’
Still on the floor, the demon clutched his staff and waved it above his head to vanish in a cloud of red smoke.
The men cheered and roared with laughter, shouting, ‘Tristan the Archer! Lord Tristan the Brave!’
Moments later more soldiers came rushing down the hall from behind where Tristan stood, stating that Pastor Rook had sent them to find Tristan.
‘We have great need of your magic arrows, Lord Tristan,’ one of the puffed-out soldiers said.
Tristan drew another arrow and said, ‘Lead the way.’ He was certain his right hand would be scarred from the heat of the Stone Egg, but he switched it to his left hand and switched hands with the bow and arrow.

Chapter 7

A Push Stone

Elysia was well guarded in a room with over forty other women and children that had been gathered up from those that fled the courtyard. Elysia had already learnt that the Jinn-Magician had summoned a snake that used the Power of Division to create more of its kind whenever the first was defeated. That had surely been a distraction by the demon. She had begun to wonder what his true motives were.
When the demon entered her chambers, she was already awake from the sounds of battle outside her door. Then the Jinn-Magician burst into her room, and the demon seemed hesitant when her Maiden’s Ward necklace began to flare in a sphere of electric blue light. 
She had realised this could be used as a way to trap the demon, and throwing all caution to the wind, she had stepped towards the demon with the blue magic surrounding her, as she backed the demon into a corner of the room.
It was then that the demon had somehow managed to throw her against the wall, where she bumped her head and everything went dark, until Tristan arrived. She thought the demon had created another of those bubbles of cobalt light around the magic of the Maiden’s Ward, and then thrown the bubble towards the wall, making her fly across the room with it. If this was what had happened, it was likely the demon just removed the spell before she slammed headfirst into the stone wall.
There was a little dry blood on her forehead, and her head ached terribly, but she was fairly sure she did not have a concussion. She sat pondering the agenda of the Jinn-Magician this time around, wondering if the demon had been after her when he entered her room, or perhaps he was looking for something.
After a time, Tristan burst into the chamber with a dozen soldiers and their wolves in tow. In a state of panic and short of breath, Tristan explained that he would need Elysia to hold Neverend when he faced the snakes, as the Maiden’s Ward should protect her from these demons as sure as it did against the Jinn-Magician.
‘If you want my help,’ she said, ‘I’m coming with you.’
‘I don’t like to agree with you,’ Tristan said, ‘but I will still need Neverend close by my side for this Push Stone to work. The white wolf pup yelped and whined at his feet as he held up the grey stone egg to show Elysia.
‘Your hand is burnt,’ she said with concern.
‘It will heal,’ he said. ‘Now are you coming with me or not?’
She lifted Neverend into her arms and made her way out the door without waiting for anyone to follow. The pup was heavy, but if she let one of the guards carry him and he got free when they got closer to the snakes, they would lose their precious spirit guide. He wriggled and growled in her arms, but she would not let him go if her life depended on it. She looked over her shoulder at the soldiers massing behind her, with Tristan pushing his way to the front.
‘Try to keep up, won’t you?’ she said with a blank stare.
‘So, this is the plan,’ Tristan said. ‘You have to do things exactly as I say.’
‘I’m listening,’ she replied, staring ahead, and focusing her anger on the Jinn-Magician. Tristan was playing a deadly game, but duty had called him to action time and time again. She was so proud of him. She wondered why she had never noticed how brave he was in the past. Perhaps because he had never needed to prove himself.
‘Just be careful, Tristan,’ she said after he explained the plan. ‘You’re taking a lot of risks. We can’t afford to lose you.’
‘I didn’t know you cared so much,’ he said with a sideways glance.
‘I meant we need you as Guardian to the Snow Wolf,’ she replied.
‘Oh!’ he said, sounding embarrassed. ‘I thought that you were …’
‘Of course, I care about you, Tristan,’ she said looking his way. ‘You are our Brave Archer. So much depends on you and Neverend. And … you saved my life. I don’t know if I will ever be able to repay you for that. But I’ll try.’
‘So, you’re sure you understand how the Push Stone works?’ he asked again.
‘You only need to tell me things once, Tristan,’ she said. ‘I just hope your plan works.’
They were walking at a fast pace as they talked, soldiers following closely with wolves straining at the leash. ‘Me too,’ Tristan said. ‘I hope things turn out alright.’
She smiled to reassure him, though her fear was beginning to take hold.

***


