Books Four to Five

of the

Sons of Odin

Angel-Magic Edition

L. A. Hammer

Copyright 2020  L.A. Hammer.

Published by L.A. Hammer at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition Licence Notes

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the copyright owner.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Cover artwork, maps, and interior illustrations by Minh Nguyen – flare3103

Original Copyright for Book Four 2015

Praise for Books One to Four of the Sons of Odin:

Book One – Kirkus

In the opening volume of a complex new fantasy series, Hammer offers readers lavish battles, dizzying amounts of gore, and a system of magical patrons called Battle Angels that fans of the Final Fantasy video games should enjoy. – Kirkus Reviews

The battles, during which the Sons of Odin—and Jean, the Daughter of Thor—summon superpowered guardians, are splatterfests (demons are blasted “into dust and smoke, torn flesh and large spurts of dark blood”). – Kirkus Reviews

A marathon of fantasy gore and slow-building characterizations in a land confronting demons. – Kirkus Reviews

Book Two - BlueInk

Hammer’s vivid visual imagery ... makes the character’s journeys exhilarating and the battle scenes intense. – BlueInk Reviews

Druantia’s Curse is entertaining and full of surprises—from wormholes to vampires—but it requires dedication to track all of the subplots. Casual readers of fantasy may be frustrated by the wealth of detail, but diehard fans will appreciate the Robert Jordan-esque layering of characters, relationships and lands that brings Kismeria to life. – BlueInk Reviews

Book Two - Kirkus

In this second installment of Hammer’s (Odin’s Awakening, 2014) epic fantasy series, the complexities of magical warfare and romantic loyalties continue. Taking center stage once again, however, are the action sequences. They’re akin to panoramic oil paintings of orgiastic chaos, as when “Hawks, Crows and Pixies broke away from the Shadow Men to punch through vampire chests in bright flares....Skulls exploded on impact, limbs falling as torn debris.” – Kirkus Reviews

The use of time-travel and other twists—like the fallout from a romantic triangle among Adem, Jean, and Princess Isabella—deftly prepares fans for a rousing sequel. – Kirkus Reviews

This immersive, colorful, and action-oriented fantasy series smoothly maintains its rapid pace. – Kirkus Reviews

Book Three - Kirkus

In his third installment of the series, Hammer continues to tap a vein of phantasmagoric mayhem that should mesmerize video gamers and fans of the Lord of the Rings alike. Nearly every page displays eye-popping battle visuals: “Lightning filled the sky, a rainbow of coloured bolts, a thousand falling every second to turn the grey haze into a bright neon flare.” – Kirkus Reviews

The underlying themes of humanity’s imperfection and the individual’s struggle toward a truer self permeate this narrative, which sets the heroes in a new direction. – Kirkus Reviews

Provides an action-packed turning point in the series and sets the stage for fresh adventures. – Kirkus Reviews

Book Four – Kirkus 

Opening this fourth installment on Earth, Hammer (Arawn’s Carnage, 2015, etc.) teases a different kind of narrative. It’s not long, however, before his love for mystical carnage reasserts itself. In the hospital, Adem encounters a shadowy figure whose voice was “devastating to behold” and “made him feel that his skin and flesh were being peeled off by the dark energies.” This novel follows a beat similar to the prior three, in which armies are assembled, personal demons lay exposed—like Adem dwelling on his affair with Isabelle—and vast battles engulf the land. Plot quirks include the Time Strider Elarja Rinhannen’s trip into the past, and the widespread use of the tainted Dark Trail magic. – Kirkus Reviews

Dedicated fans should rejoice. – Kirkus Reviews


Though this tale begins with a unique rhythm, the author’s fantasy tropes draw it back into the series’ fold. – Kirkus Reviews



Contents


BOOK FOUR

Prologue – A Surprise Visitor
Chapter 1 – A raging Storm
Chapter 2 – Forsaken Warriors
Chapter 3 – Goblin City
Chapter 4 – Jean’s Decree
Chapter 5 – A Dark Queen
Chapter 6 – Forsaken Ruler
Chapter 7 – Souljhin Raid
Chapter 8 – Time to Decide
Chapter 9 – Rayne Dragon-Sword
Chapter 10 – Sword of Valour
Chapter 11 – Evil Angel
Chapter 12 – Fallen Kings
Chapter 13 – Storm of Shadows
Chapter 14 – Love of a Vampire
Chapter 15 – A Precious Relic
Chapter 16 – Banners of Ancient Kings
Chapter 17 – Eternal Darkness
Chapter 18 – The Will of Heroes
Chapter 19 – A Force of Shadows
Chapter 20 – Betrayal
Epilogue – Demonfist

BOOK FIVE

Prologue—A Dutiful Son
Chapter 1—Heroes and Children
Chapter 2—Visions in Time
Chapter 3—Father and Son
Chapter 4—Expressions of Euphoria
Chapter 5—Age of Chaos
Chapter 6—Time Puzzle
Chapter 7—Mind Shards
Chapter 8—The Asgardics
Chapter 9—Windows to the Soul
Chapter 10—A Strange Companion
Chapter 11—Winter Storm
Chapter 12—Return to Bright
Chapter 13—A Last Stand
Chapter 14—Demons of the Old Ways
Chapter 15—Legends within History
Chapter 16—Last of their Line
Chapter 17—The Deaths of Dragons
Chapter 18—Heroes of Legend
Chapter 19—Breath of Fire
Chapter 20—Odin’s Return
Chapter 21—A Sly Marten
Chapter 22—The Son of Pendral
Chapter 23—A Piece of Prophecy
Chapter 24—A Song of Paradise
Chapter 25—A Sliver of Time
Glossary




Book Four is for my dear friend, Alex,
For always being there for me.

Book Five is for my dearest, Mother,
Without her, there would be no me.


Book Four of the Sons of Odin

Balor’s Might



Angel-Magic Edition

L. A. Hammer


Copyright 2015 L.A. Hammer.

Published by L.A. Hammer at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition Licence Notes

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the copyright owner.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Cover artwork, maps, and interior illustrations by Minh Nguyen – flare3103


Prologue 


A Surprise Visitor

Orion Demon-Slayer sat on a wooden bench, outside the hut where he and his wife had lived for over a century. Some would call it a manor house: but compared with the luxuries his wife Elmira had become accustomed to in her years spent as the Queen of the Torvellen, it was ‘a rustic little shack right in the middle of nowhere land’. This was an argument he had heard many times over, whenever she was in a foul mood.
He held a lump of wood in his hands, carving an image out with scrapes of the small knife. He was not certain what it would be yet, though it was starting to look like a man. He decided then it would be a man. He then began to think about working the form into the image of the long-lost Saviour of Kismeria, Adem Highlander.
His days were spent much like this one, sitting in the shade of the large oak tree that stood close by their home. Overlooking a wide river that flowed through the town that was known as Red River. Named for the bloodshed that was said to have made the waters run red during a battle over six hundred years before.
The Battle of Red River was the end of a war between the ruling nations of Kismeria. Nearly broken in spirit by the ravaging Angel-Magic of mad Alit’aren infected by Jinn-Magic, causing ruin across the lands. Unleashing Hellfire and Destruction-Magic on a rampage that threatened all of humanity.
That was long ago, and Orion had not taken part in that battle. Though they had settled here, and the town grew around them. People from distant lands journeyed here seeking peace from the wars that still plagued Kismeria. That had been nearly three hundred years ago, and Orion and his wife had shared a smaller home with Tobin Fire-Heart and Lydia Ever-Light—former rulers of Nordhel and the Nordic bloodline of immortals—but after a time they decided they would build separate houses. Across the road from one another with their front doors facing each other.
Tobin was out in the fields now. Lydia and Elmira were sipping tea on the front porch as the aromas of their shared cooking wafted in the afternoon breeze. Lamb roast with potatoes and carrots, and freshly baked bread and cheese. It was a simple life compared to the one they were used to, though it reminded Orion of his youth. He had grown up living on a farm at a house like this one, with his dearly departed mother and father. He nearly cut himself with the flat knife as he recalled that fateful night his mother and father had been murdered by demons. It was that same night that Orion was set on the path of his destiny to become the future King of the Torvellen. At the dawn of his teenage years, it was also the night he became a man. 
A darkness flared in his soul as he recalled taking his first demon souls that night. He was in a murderous rage to avenge his mother. He slew Boli-Kuldr with the sword his father had gifted him, Little Tiger. When his father had also been cut with a Souljhin blade, Orion was given the real Tigerclaw, a golden glowing weapon that was a part of his family lineage. He still carried that sword to this day, as it was enchanted of old magic, and it had lasted over two thousand years since he obtained possession of it.
He had only survived that night due to the protection of an unexpected visitor. A stranger at the time. The presence of that visitor, then and there, was a puzzle he still pondered, every time he thought of the last night that he spent with his mother and father. It told much about the fate of the future. And the past. That surprise visitor had saved his life. A great debt was owed for that. Still, it was part of a riddle he was yet to solve.
Close to a thousand years had passed since the Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor had vanished from this world. Highlander leaving the legacy of his son, Pendral, who became known as Pendral Dragon-Sword. That was another tale in Orion’s history that brought a black smear rising within his soul. It was something he did not like to talk about. Pendral had risen to become the hope of Kismerian salvation over rising threats within the land during his lifetime. But there was darkness to Pendral’s soul, and it grew with age. The Shadow always had its grips on him since before he was born.
Pendral had also fathered a son, Rayne Dragon-Sword. Again, the fate of that child was another sad tale that stirred disturbing memories in all who had known him. Rayne was also a champion in his youth, great in magic and knowledge of the ancient world. His death was shrouded in mystery.
He’d been working the face into the carving, and he suddenly stared in wonder at his creation, seeing the faces of Pendral and Rayne Dragon-Sword; as well as Adem Highlander combined in the image. They were all similar looking, Rayne looking more like his grandfather. Perhaps the thoughts of the three heroes had summoned the image while he worked the carving. Those memories floating through his mind.
Rodriel Tarz still led the rebel legion of Alit’aren, known now as the Forsaken. A name originally given to them by Jean Fairsythe. They wore the name now like a badge of honour. They were different to wielders like Orion and Tobin, who had resisted the lure of teron for the last millennia, only wielding small amounts of Angel-Magic to create Shield-Spells in line with the ancient decree. There had been times when he had broken that oath. At times when he felt it necessary. He shuddered to contemplate the wrath of the White Snow Fox.
Tarz and his Forsaken had refused to follow the decree. Choosing to wield any element of Angel-Magic at free will, to continue to hold back the demon threat in the East Lands. They had built huge walls of stone to bar the paths and passes between the Borderland mountain ranges, where they continued to stand in defence of Kismeria. Wielding teron whenever needed, despite the corruption it forced upon their minds and souls.
They had discovered an antidote of sorts to those effects of Jinn-Magic, a form of crystal known as elykrario. The red stones were placed on the dark armour and gauntlets, greaves, and pauldrons of the Forsaken. Drawing in the foulness of Jinn-Magic on teron to slow the ongoing effects of madness. 
It had worked, to a degree. The Forsaken retained their senses despite the ever-present threat of madness that loomed over their kind, and all male wielders. Yet they were obviously marked by the stresses of feeling that darkness in their souls every time they wielded teron. Some even lost their minds completely, despite having Ael Tarael amongst their clans to also slow and reduce the effects via Healing-Spells. 
Those that were deemed unsafe for the clans were Shield-Trapped and prevented from ever wielding again, a certain death sentence once the order was enforced. Wielders could not live without Angel-Magic for long, most of them anyway. There was a deep longing in the soul that resulted in suicide or simply dying of what could only be perceived as a kind of broken heart, over the loss of no longer being able to sense the ecstasy of teron.
The Forsaken were also deadly swordsmen, perhaps the greatest Agnars in all the lands. Before the arrival of the Sons of Odin, Alit’aren were not always exceptional with the blade. Angel-Magic had served them well enough without other physical forms of attack and defence. The Forsaken saw blindness in this ancient flaw, and they trained their wielders day and night in the ancient sword forms that forged them into deadly vipers of steel. 
They reminded Orion of the images conjured in his mind when Highlander would tell him of the ancient Ninja and Samurai of Earth, from the nation known as Japan. The Forsaken wore only black, or dark grey, or navy blue, that naturally drank in the darkness of night and shadows. Most often garbed in the tightly wrapped cloth that was also enchanted to blend with the shadows to a greater degree. In the Japanese style most also wore plated lacquered do, or cuirass, men-yoroi, or mengu face guards, kabuto helmets.  Gauntlets of brightly lacquered colours in the warrior style known as the ghoda’sidhe. Perhaps the similar names came from days when the Great Angels travelled to both worlds. Orion had been stunned by the similarity of such names in languages other than the Common Tongue. 
Tarz had also been told of these Japanese warriors by Highlander long ago, and perhaps Tarz also saw the honour of their code. Tarz was a man of honour, and perhaps he had shaped his warriors in their same image. Combining the honour codes of both worlds to create his potentially unstoppable force. For this reason, and also because of Jinn-Magic, Tarz and his Forsaken were a force to be reckoned with. If they suddenly turned rabid, they could become the greatest threat Kismeria had ever faced. It was for this reason that the Ael Tarael and their armies had given up trying to enforce justice against the Forsaken for going against the decree. Tarz had also been a welcome assistant in ancient battles as well as his enduring opposition to the demons on the Green Border.
Tarz and the Forsaken also practiced the Jinn Arts. Outlawed as soon as they were discovered nearly a thousand years ago by the Daughter of Thor. Yet again, Tarz refused to follow the orders of a woman who had vanished from the lands. He and his followers also practiced many ways of controlling the minds of demons via the corruption on teron and terael. This was the main purpose for the elykrario stones. They absorbed dangerous powers that flowed into their souls when they harnessed the Jinn Arts. 
Orion looked up to see Elmira and Lydia striding towards him in their blue woollen robes, both carrying large weaved baskets with checked red-and-white cloths falling out over the sides. ‘We’re going to pick berries to make more jams, husband,’ Elmira said as they walked by him and headed towards the forest road. The two women always made jams to trade with the town for whatever was needed, though all they ever asked for was always greeted with a smile and a request to sample more of the lovely blueberry, blackberry, or raspberry conserves. It was how Lydia and Elmira did their part to help them make do with what they had, given their circumstances after being renounced of their crowns and kingdoms by the Daughter of Thor.
Orion’s and Tobin’s wives held no animosity towards Jean Fairsythe for that decree; however, they had forgiven that decision long ago. There were times Orion still wished that he were King of Tarvel, though only for the desire to command armies in the battles that had plagued the lands these last thousand years. He no longer cared for gold or the fine luxuries of a Torvellen King.

***

Jean was washing up the plates after their pepperoni pizza. Carl and his wife and Wil were also seated around the table with Adem in their living room getting ready for red wine and cards, the five-year tradition of their Friday nights. They were all talking and laughing with soft techno playing in the background, they were a happy family.
Jean had given birth to a baby girl four years ago, the first year after they returned from Kismeria. They named her Janeanne. And Jean had been Mrs. Jean Highlander since soon after they learnt that she had fallen pregnant. They had a traditional wedding ceremony, in a church with a priest. Adem had insisted on it. They spent their honeymoon in Paris, for a month, visiting the sights, museums, and churches. 
Their home was not large, three bedrooms with a kitchen and joined family room with three dark leather couches in front of the television and stereo. Adem and Jean slept together in the same bed. Adem was stable most days, as he took his medication and saw his doctors when necessary. He had seemed to be suffering depression the first year after they returned to Earth, but he got better after Janeanne was born. Being a father was good for him, and he was the perfect parent, adoring Janeanne and teaching her to speak and then read and write even before she started kindergarten.
He liked to talk to Janeanne about God and the Bible also, but Jean didn’t like it. She always told him she felt their daughter should have the option to investigate religion when and if she decided it was something that interested her. But Adem was stubborn, he said, ‘I don’t want her running wild when she hits sixteen. Drinking, partying, and riding in cars with boys. Religion will be good for her. It’ll teach her the importance of being responsible for her own soul. Being an upstanding citizen and respectable person when she grows into adulthood.’
Jean didn’t agree with that, but she rarely argued when he was reading Bible passages to Janeanne or telling her of the mystical characters in one of his many fantasy novels he had written about Kismeria. Adem was reasonably successful as an author, making enough money for them to live comfortably while Jean was at home looking after their little girl. Adem worked part time also, but they really didn’t need the extra money. They had everything they needed. Her heart was content. 
‘Jean when you’re ready, sweetheart,’ Adem was saying over the other voices in the room, ‘we’ve got the cards set up and I’ve poured you a glass of the bottle you like most.’
‘Thank you, darling,’ Jean replied looking over her shoulder. ‘I’ve just got to get dessert ready, too.’ She’d bought a cheesecake and a lemon meringue pie. They were still in the fridge in their boxes, and she quickly finished drying and got out fresh plates and forks. Suddenly the lights flickered. Jean thought it was odd but went back to what she was doing. Then a thought struck her. Panic was the word. She raced to Janeanne’s room and switched on the light. 
Terror struck her heart. She was frozen as she looked to see that her daughter was not in bed. The sheets were turned down as if someone had come in and taken her! She searched the house, calling her daughter’s name as she checked every place that her daughter liked to hide, but she was nowhere! She tried to remain calm, as a scream tore from her throat. Her first thoughts were for the worst. Adem came rushing to her side, looking in the bedroom and asking, ‘Where is she?’
‘She’s gone!’ Jean shouted, agony filling her tones as she fought for self-control. ‘Oh Adem, you don’t think ... you don’t think that He could have taken her?’ A darkness clouded Adem’s face as he considered just which He she meant. ‘We don’t know anything yet, Jean. Let’s just try to remain calm.’
The others were there now also, all looking grave faced as they began to understand the situation. ‘The front and back doors are locked!’ Jean shouted. ‘It couldn’t be a kidnapping, so where did she go?’
‘I don’t know, my darling. Please come and sit down and we’ll try to figure out what to do next.’
‘We should report her missing, immediately,’ Carl suggested. ‘Whatever happened, if we don’t report it, the finger might start to point at any one of us.’ Jean felt nausea wash over her, she stumbled, collapsed into Adem’s embrace. Everything went dark.

***
Orion and Tobin were sitting on the side porch in the evening light when their wives returned from picking berries. Both carried their baskets filled to the brim, but Orion’s and Tobin’s eyes were fixed squarely on the young girl who walked holding hands with Elmira.
‘What is this?’ Orion asked. 
‘This young Lady is named Janeanne,’ Elmira replied. ‘We found her down by the river within Ochre Wood. Can you believe it, like Carl Wilder’s Lord Moses?’ At the name ‘Carl Wilder’ the little girl’s eyes lit up; she pulled on Elmira’s robe as his wife bowed and Janeanne whispered in her ear.
‘Yes,’ Elmira agreed, speaking to Janeanne, ‘Carl Wilder is your daddy’s best friend.’ At this remark Orion and Tobin sat forward as if both had been suddenly struck by lightning! Orion said carefully, ‘You mean; this is?’ 
‘Whose face does she remind you of most?’ Elmira asked with a raised brow. Orion looked again, and in the youthful visage he saw the spitting image of a young Jean Fairsythe! ‘Tell my husband what your mother’s and father’s names are,’ Elmira instructed the child.
Janeanne crossed both arms over her chest, wearing what looked to be a pale woollen nightgown with images of blue bunny rabbits hopping all over it. ‘My father is Adem Highlander,’ Janeanne said with a pout. ‘My mommy is Jean, she is Adem’s wife, and my mommy.’
Orion thought his jaw would hit the wooden decking when he heard those words. He looked to his wife in astonishment as he asked, ‘Are they here?’
‘They have not returned, yet,’ Elmira replied. ‘Janeanne says she was at home asleep in her bed when she woke by the river. She says we are in books her father has written. She is still unsure whether we are all some strange dream she is having.’ Elmira grinned at the last, before she said to Orion, ‘We always wanted a child. Now we have one for our very own.’ 
‘Wait just one moment,’ Orion interjected before Elmira narrowed her gaze; speaking over him with a short tone as she replied, ‘Who better for the task, husband? It may be a long time before her parents return. We must raise her. We must be her protectors.’
Orion sat back and took a very long puff of his pipe as he worked the muddle through his mind. Tobin punched Orion on the shoulder as he shouted, ‘Congratulations, old friend! You’re a father!’ Orion sat dumbfounded, until he looked at the little girl again, clutching now to Elmira as she stared up at him with big blue eyes and flowing golden hair. Orion gave a deep sigh; then said to his wife, ‘Very well then. We’ll do our best to raise her.’
Janeanne pushed the side of her little round face against the folds of the robe at Elmira’s thigh as she said sullenly, ‘I want my mommy.’

***
Adem was at the psychiatrist the next day. He was in a bad way, taking the loss of his child worse than Jean as the night progressed after they made the police report. His psychiatrist made note of the obvious strain on his face, asking Adem ‘what he thought had happened to the girl?’ at which point Adem decided it was time to be upfront.
After he gave a summary of his previous experience in Kismeria, fighting alongside elves against demons, vampires, and werewolves, Adem noted the obvious strain on the face of his psychiatrist. He began scribbling notes frantically as soon as Adem began the tale, finishing with his theory that Jinn-Fendinn had somehow managed to abduct his daughter.
‘You think the devil stole your child, Adem?’ his psychiatrist asked openly, his eyes wide as he gazed over his spectacles. ‘And the devil, your Jinn-Lord; and these other astounding characters, all reside in an alternate dimension, where time moves faster than it does here?’
‘It’s the only answer I can think of,’ Adem replied. ‘The doors were all locked. There seems to be no other reasonable answer.’
‘And what do you propose to do about it?’
‘I have to get back to Kismeria,’ Adem said. ‘It’s the only way we can save her.’
‘You say, “we”, Adem, do you mean your wife Jean and your companions Carl and Wil, who you swear also joined you on this great adventure?’
‘They won’t want to discuss it with you, not even Jean. But it’s the truth.’
His psychiatrist moved the spectacles back over his eyes as he wrote down more notes before he said, ‘I’m admitting you for treatment. I’m not convinced the medication you’re on is the right one for you. Bear in mind, you are not in any trouble, as I do not fear for one moment that you had anything to do with the disappearance of your daughter. 
‘I have spoken to your wife, and she insists that she had checked on your daughter only a short while before she went missing, and that you had been in the living room with your friends the entire time. So, do not be distressed, I’m just doing what I feel is necessary. For now, we’ll try a new medication, at a higher dose than your previous medication. You’ll be under close observation, and we’ll see if things improve, then I’ll consider giving my word to allow your release.
‘My concern here and now is that the stress of this situation has brought about a psychotic break that has made your stories of fantasy splice with your own perceptions of reality. I could never in my right mind give any credibility to such fanatical and delusional claims.’
Adem clenched his jaw in frustration. There was nowhere he could run to, and if he did, it would only look ever more suspicious and land him in hotter waters. He nodded in acquiescence, not even bothering to dispute the decision. After his psychiatrist made a few calls Adem was taken away in an ambulance. 
‘You’ll tell Jean, won’t you?’ Adem called to his psychiatrist as he was strapped to a stretcher, his arms cuffed in padded leather and chains. 
‘Of course, I will tell her, Adem. I’m sure she will be on her way to meet you at the hospital shortly. Have a safe journey. We’ll talk soon.’

*** 
Jean listened to Adem’s psychiatrist over the phone. She was trembling. She fought to control her tone in her replies to his questions about Kismeria. He had even asked Jean outright if there were any truth to his claims, to which she was forced to make up lies to preserve her own reputation. She feared it might be a trap by his psychiatrist to try to discern if she was also becoming susceptible to Adem’s delusions. 
‘He’s very ill, doctor. I know this. But I really would like him to be released, immediately. I need him by my side at this very difficult time. He’s harmless. I don’t have any fear that his delusional state of mind could result in any harm against me or his friends.’
‘Nevertheless, I have admitted Adem for observation and treatment. I cannot say how long he will remain under close watch and professional care. I have explained to Adem clearly that I have no belief that he was in any way involved in Janeanne’s disappearance. I am simply taking steps I deem necessary given his obviously unbalanced state of mind.’
‘I understand, doctor.’ Jean groaned inwardly. ‘When can I see him?’
‘He is waiting for you at the hospital now. You may join him whenever you wish. Immediate family can stay with him until lights out. I would advise you strongly to then return home each night and gain sufficient rest to help you endure with your own concerns and suffering. I am very sorry. I hope your daughter is found very soon. Then perhaps I will review your husband with the consideration of release.’
Jean hung up the phone and breathed a sigh of great tension. Carl, Wil, and Rosa were all still there. Rosa having slept in Janeanne’s bed, Carl in the spare room and Wil on the couch. ‘What did he say?’ Rosa asked with concern.
‘He’s locked up,’ Jean said with strain in her voice. ‘Possibly forever if Janeanne isn’t found.’
‘Stay close to him every day, as much as you can,’ Carl suggested. ‘If it turns out to be what we dread most, and each of us starts to see the signs, well, we’ll break him out of there if we have to.’
‘Will you all come with me to see him now?’ Jean asked.
‘Of course, we will, Jean,’ Rosa replied, short black hair and glistening wet dark eyes that bulged with emotion. Carl had told his wife everything about their adventures in Kismeria. There were no secrets between them. ‘Wil, you go with Jean, and Carl and I will follow in our car.’
‘I’ll need time to pack Adem some clothes and a toothbrush,’ Jean said as she made her way to their room.
‘Take all the time you need, Jean. We’re in no hurry.’

Chapter 1



A Raging Storm
Adem lay in his ward cell. A fierce thunderclap filled the air! A raging storm was blowing in. He wondered if that meant something. It had been weeks since he was first admitted. The meds keeping him mostly sedated so that he was barely able to stay awake. Even during visits from Jean, Carl, and Wil.
He sat upright, throwing his legs out over the bedside to stare at the walls of his prison. At least the walls weren’t padded. That would only add to the total humiliation of his predicament. He should have kept quiet. He shouldn’t have said what he said. But it was far too late to do anything about that now.
His dreams had been disturbing also, nightmarish visions of Kismeria being torn apart in blood and fire. What kind of world would they be returning to face? Would they even get there? Yes, they had to! He had to save Janeanne. 
He was certain she was there, and the time that would have passed during these weeks on Earth would make his daughter at least a young woman in Kismerian years. That was heartbreaking to consider, but the fear that Jinn-Fendinn was responsible for her disappearance, pressed at the centre of his chest like an iron vice.
He scratched his stubble covered chin, deciding he should at least shave today. Jean would be here soon for night visitation. Only allowed for family and close friends for patients like him who were considered an exception to the rules. He recalled Jean’s voice on the phone earlier in the day when he was allowed to speak with her. There seemed more than just fear in her tone, and he considered it strange that they had not visited him during the day. Had Jean had a vision?
He shivered at the thought; then stood and moved to the basin to wet his face and then added a lather of shaving cream. He was just pressing the blade to his right cheek when the lights flickered, then went out completely! He braced himself for what would come next. A shadow cloaked figure emerged from the endless darkness, wreathed in crimson flame. The High-Servant wore a mask, but it was different to any he remembered. Gold and silver worked with ebony twin ravens diving on both cheeks towards the triangular nose piece. Golden flames burnt within the eye sockets, assuring him this was one of the Hex-Warlords.
The voice that emanated from the figure was deep and powerful, resonating with a force of evil. He was devastating to behold. It made him feel that his skin and flesh were being peeled off by the dark energies, the rise of Jinn-Magic seeping into Adem’s bones like dry ice. ‘Highlander, we have been expecting you. The hour of your Arrival draws near. Know that when the time comes for you to face me in battle, you will be utterly annihilated! A choice remains for you, an old decision you have yet to make. You have my word that your life will be spared if you will but join with the Magic of the High-Jinn,’ there was a soft allure to the tone at the last, as if this creature felt an overwhelming bliss from the Jinn-Magic. 
‘I will never join you, Corruptor!’ Adem shouted. ‘You will be defeated this time, just like the last! Only this time, I will kill you all.’ There was a cold hard promise in Adem’s tone, but the High-Servant laughed, echoing with waves of evil that brought eruptions of fear into Adem’s soul. But it was the reply that shook Adem to the core, ‘You speak as if you know me. You have never met me before this day. Though I have known you since long ago. I am much stronger than any of the others you might have faced. I hold Angel-Magic to destroy the Sons of Odin before they fulfil the Prophecies. Unless you submit to the will of the High-Jinn, your defeat is inevitable.’
Adem felt the presence of absolute truth in those words, and they filled him with a new sense of dread. Who was this man? He was surely one of the Hex-Warlords, yet he was one who Adem had never faced before. That was true of a few of the High-Servants, but he had faced nearly all of them on the slopes of Kerak’Otozi.
Whether those words were true or not, while in this realm, Adem knew of a Power that was certain to drive this creature from his sight. ‘I call on Power of the Lord Jesus Christ! By his name and with his Divine Power I send you back into the Depths of Hell and Fire!’ Adem roared those words with outrage and hatred, when suddenly a cataclysmic blast of white light filled the room, stretching off into infinity. The High-Servant roared in desperation: white flames seeming to penetrate his very soul to vanquish his corrupted might. The light flared with incandescence as another terrible roar filled the air, though this was both the cry of the Hex-Warlord combined with the thunder that seemed to vibrate within the very air all around them. The light contracted in an instant at that sound, becoming the size of a glowing speck of dust floating in the darkness. The light of Adem’s cell flickered and returned to full glow. He stared at his face in the mirror to see a streak of blood mixing with the lather on his right cheek.
When he had finished shaving and cleaned his face, he did his best to stop the bleeding while he called for assistance. A dark eyed nurse in her early thirties saw to the wound with antiseptic before patching it up. ‘You don’t need stitches,’ she said, ‘but it will leave a handsome scar. You must be more careful, Adem.’ There were two large men standing guard inside the room also while she worked, both with arms crossed over their chests. They watched Adem like disgruntled bears. It was not that they didn’t trust him exactly. They just thought he was mad beyond comparison to most patients in the locked ward, and that was really saying something!
Later, alone with his thoughts, he waited anxiously for Jean to arrive. He lay back on the white sheets, resting his head and closing his eyes when his door opened with a turn of the lock. He opened his eyes to sit upright as Jean entered the room with Carl and Wil close behind. Jean wore blue denim jeans and a dark leather jacket over a white blouse, Adem was still in his pyjamas. Carl wore jeans and a blue shirt with a collar under a black coat. Wil was wearing brown trousers: a green sweater and a collared shirt. There was nothing unusual about their clothing, but their eyes and their faces spoke of a cunning plan that was also instinctive in their movements before any of them had spoken.
Jean urged him to put on the blue jeans, pale blue shirt, and black leather jacket she’d brought in a bag. He quickly got dressed and slipped on the sneakers that came with them. ‘What’s the plan?’ Adem asked his friends, knowing they were up to something.
‘Has it started for you, yet?’ Carl asked him. Adem looked into his friend’s eyes and saw a blue sparkle there like lightning. Jean also had the flicker of light to her pale orbs. Wil’s flashed golden as thunder filled the air and lightning flared in the hallway, visible through the glass door to his cell. Seeing that golden light in his friend’s eyes, Adem suddenly thought of wolves, and he remembered Wil’s apparent gift of speaking with animals via his mind. In these lonely days spent in this cell, Adem had begun to doubt his own senses, his memories, and experiences. He had started to doubt that any of it was even real. But the magic that flared in their eyes confirmed something for him. They were the Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor.
‘Have you had visions?’ Adem asked in return, to which all of them nodded.
‘Each of us has been visited by one of the Hex-Warlords,’ Carl replied.
‘Me too,’ Adem said, choosing not to mention that he was unable to identify the one he had seen only an hour or so before.
‘So, it must be nearly the right time!’ Jean said with enthusiasm.
‘Very likely,’ Carl agreed. ‘I’ve even had a few, changes.’ At that word, Carl raised his hand. Blue flames flared within his palm. Dancing across his fingertips for a brief moment as Adem stared in puzzlement and awe.
‘It has been happening to all of us,’ Jean said with controlled glee. ‘What about you, Adem?’
‘Just the vision,’ Adem said, suddenly wondering in panic why he had not also been showing such changes.
‘I think I can get us out of here,’ Carl said with that gleam to his eyes. ‘First, put your gown over your clothes, and wrap yourself in a big white blanket. I’ll get the wheelchair.’ Already, the plan was beginning to take shape in Adem’s mind.
Acting sedated was not difficult. Adem had also been given his usual daily dose by the nurse who saw to his shaving accident, and although the meds had not quite kicked in yet, its effects began to creep up on him as Jean wheeled him through the halls with his friends in tow. Lightning flashed through the high small windows as they proceeded towards the first locked door of the ward. 
Jean skirted past that exit however, letting herself and the others be seen by many of the nurses and guards along the way. Telling a few that they were just on their way to the coffee room to sit and chat with Adem while they were allowed to visit. His own cell door had been unlocked when Jean had first arrived, and the guard that opened the door was more than happy for them to take a stroll with Adem in the chair. Adem grinned to himself, so far, they suspected nothing! 
While Adem and Jean waited in the coffee lounge with Wil keeping a lookout in the hallway, Carl was busy working at the locked door with his newly developed signs of real magic! Carl had gained incredible knowledge during his time in Kismeria, particularly in all forms of Angel-Magic. Adem knew his friend would work out how to unlock that door. Even with the limited amounts of teron that he might be able wield while here on Earth.
The door he was working on was not guarded, it was a back exit to further sections of supply rooms for nurses and janitors. Carl had apparently been looking at blueprints of the building in the weeks leading up to this attempt. Apparently without suspicion being aroused, however he had managed it. Finally, Wil returned to inform them it was time, and Adem left the wheelchair behind. Their little scheme would be undone the moment they crossed through that door.
Once they were through to the next hallway, and Carl was just closing the door gently behind him, the alarms went off! Adem wasn’t sure if they had seen them on security vision, or whether the doors themselves were alarmed, but suddenly the four of them were rushing through the hallways towards the previously designated exit. Shouts of pursuit began in the hallways behind them as they fled. They were crossing a hallway when two largely built guards came rushing towards them! Wil moved like an arrow to hip and shoulder the first one, sending both guards flying backwards as if Wil had the strength of a bear! He even grunted like a wild animal as he forced the two men to the ground where they lay unconscious. 
So far none of the other doors were locked leading towards their escape, until they neared the exit, and two doors stood between them and the alleyway, joined by a single long hallway.
Carl was able to get through the first one without much trouble. When they were all on the other side, Carl used a little trick to jam the door, so it could not be opened easily, even with a key. That was fortunate because three burly guards were soon bashing at the glass window of the door and shouting at them to, ‘Stop!’ and ‘Give up!’
The second door took a little more time, but they were able to escape before any more guards had reached the back of the building. They were racing through the alleyway when a police car screeched into view with the lights flashing! Two officers jumped out of the car and pointed their pistols as one shouted over the thunder ‘Police! Freeze!’ 
A bolt of pure white lightning reached down from the heavens in that moment. Striking like a massive trident all around the place where Adem, Jean, Carl and Wil were standing. Light filled Adem’s vision. It was suddenly everywhere, and the darkness of the night vanished in the incandescent glow that seemed to stretch off into forever. There was something very familiar about the light. It reminded him of something that had happened to him, long ago, but his thoughts were suddenly hazy. He could not quite remember where it had happened, or even who he was, at this point in time ... He thought he was falling, no flying ... He was soaring through endless light towards another world ... A place where the rules were different. A land where people still remembered honour and justice ... A world of terrible evils. Unspeakable nightmares that walked in the flesh ... He saw then that his friends were by his side also, soaring, or falling through the light, and Jean was there also ... They were going to cross over ... They were entering the Land of Odin!

***
Adem collapsed face down on dry cracked earth. He emptied the contents of his stomach in heaves. His mind still reeling from the transportation method: those last moments had felt like he was a rocket ship hurtling through space at the speed of light! He made his way up on to his knees to wipe his face and get a look around. His companions were also showing signs of travel sickness. It was very different to the first time they had entered this world. The last time it was easy, they were gently eased from one place to another. This time it was a very rough ride!
The storm raged here too. Black clouds billowed overhead as forked silver bolts struck the dark soil, that was marked in places by pools of liquid magma. This had to be the East Lands! That was troubling, but hopefully they would be able to fend for themselves ... He reached for teron, but his mind and soul reached out to clutch at nothing. Something slipped from his grasp as he desperately tried to hold on. ‘I can’t reach Angel-Magic!’ he cried, trying again, and finding it was useless.
‘Nor can I,’ Jean replied, struggling to her feet. The sight was enough to give Adem the strength to stand also.
‘It seems beyond my reach!’ Adem shouted.
‘I know what you mean,’ Carl agreed. ‘What about you, Wil?’
‘I sense it,’ Wil shouted over the thunder, ‘but it slips from my grasp every time!’
‘Then we are in serious trouble,’ Jean said. They looked further eastwards, to see the flames surging from the tip of the massive dark peak of Kerak’Otozi. They were only a few miles from Jinn-Fendinn’s prison. Orange fires that flowed into the clouds from the tip of the volcano assured them that the Jinn-Lord was close to breaking free again. With the escape of the High-Servants and Hex-Keepers, it would only be a matter of time before the Battle of Ragnarök. A few months or years at most.
They were all on their feet now, gazing at their surroundings with stark horror written on their faces. Adem gritted his teeth with determination. ‘We cannot create Portal-Spells without Angel-Magic,’ he said, ‘and without Angel-Magic we have no hope of summoning altherin horses.’
‘So, what do you propose?’ Jean asked. Adem thought for a moment, then it struck him. He began to laugh. 
‘I hope we can all share in the joke, Adem?’ Jean asked, with obvious concern. ‘Tell me you have something.’
Adem shook his fist at the massive dark peak, shouting with passion, ‘You have not won yet!’ Then he looked at his companions as he said, ‘We still have two options at our disposal. Already I can sense the presence of Shienden, his mind trying to connect with my own. He is far from here, but perhaps, yes, I will summon him. To seek us out and carry us from this place!’
‘That is good, Adem,’ Jean replied with cool control. ‘What is the other option at our disposal?’
—A horrid scream filled the air, followed by thousands more just like it! They turned to look south of their position, to a rise in the landscape to see hundreds of Rahkwel goblins pouring down from the tops of the low hills. Then there were thousands of the seven feet tall creatures, wielding all manner of weaponry. Garbed in green and brown cloaks and leathers, their oval amber eyes glowing like lanterns in the darkness.
Adem grinned, gesturing towards the demon swarm with his right fist before their front ranks had a chance to unshoulder their bows. Crimson flames erupted within the Rahkwel ranks, spouting fifteen feet high as they raced across the ground like a raging red dragon. Flesh was incinerated and bones collapsed in clouds of black ash!
He saw the stunned expressions from his companions before he gestured again. Four Golden Soldiers rose up out of the ground, robots made of pure gold. Aiming laser cannon arms at the goblins, beams of crimson light cut through chests and torsos with ease and precision. Congealed chunks of flesh and metal falling in the wake of destruction! It had taken him a little while to remember, after the disorienting experience of the journey. But Adem had soon recalled his other ability. That which did not require teron that he called matter manipulation. He still had the means to defend himself and those he loved.
—Horns sounded from the west! Adem looked to see thousands more Rahkwel marching towards them, Fendinn was weaving his traps already. A Souljhin rode amongst the advancing army. Adem wanted to tear that one down immediately, when he shouted in frustration, ‘If only I could summon Arawn!’ A bolt of red flame touched down from the clouds, taking the form of a man only head and shoulders taller than Adem. Garbed in a dark hooded cloak with the familiar rune covered gauntlets and mask of silvered steel. Adem shouted in wonder, ‘Arawn?’ The Battle Angel was so diminished in size from Adem’s memory that he was shocked and speechless. Arawn drew a sword that glowed wicked crimson, standing in a defensive position between Adem and Jean. He spoke in a deep tone as he shouted to Adem, ‘Summon the others, quickly! We will aid you as best we can!’
Jean seemed to understand, and she quickly cried the name, ‘Tanriel!’ as Carl and Wil shouted, ‘Math Mathonwy!’ and ‘Eledisren!’ Something had changed, Adem knew it the moment the others arrived. Not only were all of the male Battle Angels now shorter and smaller in size, but they were also more ... Human! It seemed they were becoming mortal! 
Math and Dis Pater appeared beside Carl and Wil as twin bolts of lightning fell from the skies. Both Battle Angels looked very much like they had before, only they were much smaller, both only slightly taller than Carl or Wil. Their clothes and weapons no longer appeared so ... Enchanted. Dis Pater wielded his double-edged golden axe, and Math his Hellfire spear, but the old light that had once glowed there was nearly faded completely. It was the same with their bodies. They no longer radiated light and magic, they appeared ... Solid, of flesh and bone! Tanriel was the same, and her wings were gone! The sight was utterly perplexing to Adem’s mind. 
‘What has happened to you all?’ Jean asked in astonishment. The Rahkwel were raging with bloodlust now, though the presence of the Battle Angels seemed to fill them with caution.
‘The Magic of the Jinn-Lord grows,’ Tanriel replied. ‘Our Ancient Lore begins to wither and fade. We cannot aid you as we once did, but we still have some might to display when Odin permits us. You can summon any one of us whenever you are in need. We will come if we are able, or, if not us, then another will be sent in our stead,’ there was a kind of sweetness to her tone, but there was also fierce courage. Her burning blue orbs showed the last of the magic that blazed in her soul. 
Tanriel raised a red gauntlet. A crimson spear appeared in her grasp. She aimed to throw; red flames glowed within the crystal weapon. ‘We are free from our Resting Points,’ Tanriel continued. ‘Angel-Magic is no longer needed for you to summon us to battle.’ Tanriel leapt twice her body height into the air. Blue burning wings appeared briefly on her shoulders, carrying her a little higher. The spear flew from her fist at the highest point, striking the demon ranks like a missile to explode in a small rupture of red lightning. Bolts that brought confusion and chaos amongst the Rahkwel ranks. Yet it caused only the slightest destruction, wounding no more than two dozen! It seemed incomprehensible. How far had the Battle Angels fallen from their former might? 
He watched in horror as the answer came swiftly, Rahkwel charging towards them were knocked down systematically by blasts of golden and crimson fire that flew from Math’s spear and Dis Pater’s axe swings. The attacks were short precise expressions of Angel-Magic: cutting down individual demons with utter annihilation. The sheets and cords of magic were bright and obliterating. But the Old Might of Battle Angels would have taken out a hundred or more with similar amount of effort! Math and Dis Pater attacked the Rahkwel descending from the south. Arawn sent bars of illuminated crimson launching from his sword as he harried the demons advancing from the west. The blasts of fire tore through four Rahkwel at a time at the most! It was pitiful! Adem groaned inwardly to see that his greatest allies were reduced now in their capacities to something similar to moderately gifted Seidr wielders!
‘Where are your Spirit Wardens?’ Adem cried in desperation, to which Arawn shouted a deep booming reply of, ‘We have not yet obtained enough ki’mera. In that ability we are also now greatly diminished. In our world, an Age has passed during your absence. It has been over one thousand years since last we met! Much has changed. You will need to learn to adapt to those changes.’ Adem watched the ki’mera souls flow towards the Battle Angels from the slain goblins, small ripples of floating light in incandescent colours. How much did they require?
‘Why can’t we sense Angel-Magic?’ Adem asked Arawn.
‘That is something we cannot explain!’ Arawn replied. ‘It is something quite new. Only three years have passed since the wielders of this world lost the ability to sense teron and terael.’
‘Lost?’ Adem asked in terror. ‘All of them?’ He lashed out with Golden Soldier laser beams, cutting Rahkwel into slices of congealed flesh and bone! He took down hundreds in seconds, but thousands were surging towards them now from both directions. Tanriel hurled another three crimson spears during this time. Each impacting in a blast of lightning that barely managed to take down a handful of enemies each time. As ki’mera flowed towards the four Battle Angels, Adem’s old connection to Arawn sparked a sense of their Elemental Magic becoming enhanced. He suddenly felt them form a Link!
Thunder roared as four bolts of lightning fell to strike the Battle Angels where they stood. It was nothing compared to the storm of an old Link. But suddenly Tanriel had wings of flame once more, soaring over thirty feet straight up! She hurled a single crimson Flame Spear that split to become four spears: striking the ground blade down. Waves of golden-orange flames blasted sideways to strip demon flesh from bone! That was more like it! That attack had taken out fifty or more enemies with each spear. It was a heartening thing to witness. Energy beams launched from the weapons of the male Battle Angels increased in size and strength. Blasting thirty or more goblins with each strike of golden or crimson fire. 
Four massive king male lions with thick dark manes charged from Arawn’s form. Six Shadow Hounds of dark sleek fur standing as tall as a pony charged southwards up the hillside: tearing Rahkwel flesh into bleeding shreds. Adem did not know whether to laugh or cry. It was terrifying to see this pitiful excuse for a Link! His Golden Soldiers cut down hundreds more of the enemy as they began to halt in terror of his destructive capacities. He knew it was him they feared, as these Battle Angels were sadly little more than an annoyance to their evil intent. 
Two problems he now faced were that his medication was creeping up on him. He feared he might soon fall unconscious, despite the stimulating nature of the situation, or at least collapse. The other concern was that he might require rest before these new stores of ki’mera could be of use against more demons if this battle continued much longer.
—The thunder of hooves filled the air! Adem looked to the northwest to see over three hundred riders advancing with great speed. Much faster than the charging Rahkwel also approaching from the west, though, they were not moving fast enough for any of those horses to be altherin. That realisation also filled him with dread. He wondered why there would be no altherin amongst Borderland riders. Though he also knew these were not Shadow Riders. They wore a variation of the ghoda’sidhe. Black armoured and dark cloth garbed warriors formed a perimeter around Adem and his companions. Each rider stepping down to move their horse to the centre of the circle where the war trained beasts calmly waited. Undisturbed by the storm or the cries of bloodthirsty demons.
It took a moment for Adem to recognise their dark coats, and the three enamelled pins on their high collars, the Wolf, Lion and Dragon Rohjor sigils. These men were Alit’aren! They drew long swords very reminiscent of an ancient samurai katana blade. Black wrapped hilts in criss-cross style with dark helmets shaped like bullets: dark dragon wings rising above the ear guards. A solid dark steel mengu style faceguard also covered the lower half of their faces. Adem noticed the different colours of the masks, kote gauntlets and sometimes their do style cuirass. Similar to old styles of the ghoda’sidhe but also looking much like ancient Japanese warriors. He also noticed the small red crystal stones that studded their gauntlets and greaves. Sometimes they also covered parts of their cuirass like jewelled ornaments. Adem wondered at this, when one of the men removed his faceguard and helmet. A Torvellen Immortal, his large dark eyes probing Adem’s visage before he shouted, ‘Adem Highlander?’
‘Yes!’ Adem replied. The man glanced at his companions before he said, ‘You must leave the rest of the battle in our hands. It is a matter of honour for the men to be your protectors and to ensure your rescue.’
‘Who do you serve?’ Adem asked the man, to which the reply came, ‘We serve Lord Rodriel Tarz, High Captain-General of the Forsaken Alit’aren.’ Lightning flared behind the man as a terrible clap of thunder filled the air.
Adem was grateful for their arrival. Screams of hundreds of Nymloc suddenly sounded from the northern rise. Adem looked there to see demons black as tar charging towards them with unnatural speed. Their eyes flaring like burning coal. There were Boli-Kuldr amongst them. Adem looked northwards. He saw those demons behave in a way he did not expect. They suddenly changed direction. Charging now southeast, around Adem and his companions and towards the hillsides. Where the bulk of the Rahkwel forces were still gathering. 
The Boli-Kuldr and Nymloc were less in number than the goblin ranks, but Adem heard fear in the snarls of the green skinned Rahkwel and he saw terror in their lamplight eyes. Demons closed with their ranks and began to bite, claw and hack through the goblins with a ferocity that spoke of demon mind control. Adem realised some moments before that these Alit’aren were wielding the Jinn Arts.
He looked to Jean to see her scowl of disapproval. Adem raised a cautionary hand. Then his eyebrows, as he gestured around him, to help her better consider the desperate nature of their predicament. Adem wondered how it was still possible to wield the Jinn Arts when these men had not been able to touch teron for years. But he put these thoughts aside as he heard Shienden speaking to his mind. His words now clear for the first time since Adem’s return to Kismeria.
Welcome, Father. I have long awaited your return!
Adem looked to the skies where he sensed the dragon. A great dark-emerald lizard shape with blue batwings spanning over forty paces swooped down towards the battlefield. Incandescent blue Dragon-Flame launched from Shienden’s massive jaws: vaporizing Rahkwel still advancing from the west. Corrosive sheets of blue blazing heat struck the fields of demons to obliterate their ranks in pillars of smoking ash. Shienden’s attack took down the bulk of that horde, blood and bone reduced to burning char in seconds. 
A small horde of the Rahkwel had closed ranks with the protective circle of Alit’aren. Adem soon saw that these men were perhaps more skilled in their wielding of swords than even the ancient Agnars. They moved with supernatural speed, both the immortal warriors and those that Adem guessed were mortal. Until he noted their speed and skill, realising then that many of these men must be half-bloods. Meaning that immortals and mortals had begun to mix the bloodlines once more. 
This thought was distracted when Tanriel suddenly shouted to Jean, ‘We must return to the High and Low Realm. Our aid here is all but extinguished. Forgive me, Jean Fairsythe! Much has changed during your absence.’ Arawn, Dis Pater and Math Mathonwy returned to the earth in bores of molten fire. Tanriel moved into the clouds on a beam of blue flames. Their exit taking only moments before Adem shouted, ‘What the hell is going on around here?’ His chest burned with panic. No Angel-Magic! The Battle Angels are ... useless! He looked to the dark mountain once more as he roared with outrage: ‘What have you done? Curse you, Lord of Despair!’
The Alit’aren still fought off the advancing Rahkwel with quicksilver speed and swordsmanship that defied all rational belief. Swords hacking vast wounds through goblin torsos. Blood and limbs flying in their wake to pile at their feet like trophies. They moved so fast at times that Adem was unable to even guess what sword form they were using. He saw many already that he had never been taught. It was confirmation to Adem also of just how much everything must have changed. In the old days, Alit’aren were rarely Agnars. They had never needed to be with lightning in their veins. It was also proof to Adem that some hope remained in the blood of Kismerian warriors. They had learnt to adapt; replacing fire with steel, muscle and sweat. Perhaps they had even become a harder people. 
He would have to find out. 
Some of those blades were enchanted also, but many were not. Another confirmation that Angel-Magic was lost to them. Alit’aren would always carry a sword infused with Fire-Magic over ordinary forged steel. It meant some of these men had been raised to Alit’aren in the last three years, and the swords that were made for them were simply forged steel. Making it much harder to kill a real demon, though they had no trouble against Rahkwel. Bodies collapsed as dark blood sprayed in unison with swipes of gleaming blades. 
Shienden swooped again to purge the demon threat that remained to the south. Blue flames covering the earth in blankets of light that incinerated flesh and bone, including those under mind control. The Torvellen leader pressed a fist to breastplate as he said to Adem, ‘I advise you to ride with us, Adem Highlander. We shall escort you to the Borderlands to speak with Lord Tarz. He will be more than glad to know that you have returned.’
‘How did you know me on sight?’ Adem asked.
‘My father described your faces to me many times before he died. My name is Kien Modrellock. My father was Torin, a good friend of yours.’ The man then leant towards Adem to whisper in his ear, ‘My father was also your spy, if his stories are to be believed.’ Adem’s chest ached to think of another friend lost. If it turned out Torin was murdered for being discovered, Adem would have retribution. He knew with those words that Kien was who he claimed to be. Recognising the Ruhalden blood and his father’s eyes, despite the fact that at first, he had appeared pure Torvellen. He gave the man his trust as he signalled to his companions. Jean rode in the saddle in front of Adem on a tall dark stallion. Carl and Wil were given mounts of their own. Other riders doubled up after providing their mounts for the Sons and Daughter. As they rode westward Adem’s mind was fraught with outrage and disorder! He wanted to tear his own hair out! Or someone else’s hair. Preferably someone he hated!
‘What has happened to this world?’ Jean whispered to herself. Twin silver lightning bolts struck the earth in the distance, carving out a face of shadows. It reminded Adem that Fendinn must be watching.
 He can see through my eyes, after all. He can see through all of our eyes. He began to wonder then, if this time, their efforts truly were without hope.


Chapter 2


Forsaken Warriors

Adem moved his horse up beside Kien on the second morning of their journey. These horses would take over a week to get them as far as the mountain ranges of the Green Border. Before they reached safer lands, they were allowing the animals to move at a slow trot for the first hour. None of them were altherin. They required more rest than immortal mounts. Adem nearly fell out of the saddle in shock when he asked the man why none of the horses were altherin. The reply struck his chest again like a fist of ice crushing with corruptive fusion. 
‘The altherin are nearly extinct,’ Kien replied plainly in his deep gruff tone. Adem gasped. Jean also made sounds of morose concern. 
‘How did this happen?’ Adem asked, his voice sounding like iron scraping over stone as he struggled with the words that shook him to his core. 
‘It was the Alit’aren mostly,’ Kien replied. ‘I only know this from stories my father told me about the Great Wars of the Age of Chaos. Madmen Alit’aren seemed to perceive the majesty of Immortal Horses as a sign of the Jinn-Lord. It was always that way with the madness. Alit’aren were suspicious of anyone that was good, or wholesome. But if they were honourable, or righteous, or, if like the immortal breed of horses, they were magnificent and touched with the ancient Magic of the Nordics, well, then the Alit’aren madmen downright despised them. The madmen hunted down the horses, not only those that were tame, but also the wild ones that roamed the Free Lands. They even sought them out here, in the East Lands, where the Immortal Horses frolicked in their once great herds. Mocking the demons and monsters of this cursed place. 
‘That was the main reason, I am told. But Jinn-Fendinn also brought many battles to the Free Lands. Horses both mortal and immortal died in the hundreds of thousands, as did the warriors of the lands, in their endless suffering as they fought to oppose the Shadow. It is a tale of great woe, and the loss of the altherin weighs heavily on the hearts of the immortal people. Especially those that lived in the Age when altherin still flourished. I am also greatly saddened to relate to you this tale. The memory of the last of the altherin herds is burnt into my heart and soul from when I was still a youngling. When I gazed upon the majesty of their kind that still roamed the Green Border. Running wild and free. My mood is greatly disturbed in the telling of such events. Forgive me if I ride alone for a time.’ 
Adem wanted to vomit buckets of blood! His stomach heaved with revulsion over the story of the loss of those great and immortal creatures. The altherin had been magnificent. They were bold and swift and magical. Easily discernible from their mortal cousins by the form and deeply cut precision of their muscle: the way they pranced and neighed before you saw how fast they could move. 
Adem felt that Fendinn was crushing his very soul with the despair he was forced to endure. But the situation was much worse than just this. There was no Angel-Magic left in the world, and he still had no answer as to how or why this had become a reality. Before Kien was too far ahead, Adem called to him, ‘Are there none left at all?’ Kien turned his head to one side to answer softly, though his tone was still that of a growling wolf. ‘There are some, but they are very few. Mixing the bloodlines with mortal stock yields some hope, but it seems the spirit of the altherin line has been forced into a decline. So severe that most seem unwilling to even attempt to rebuild their number. Even the great line of altherin is without hope for the future.’ The immortal faced forwards again and rode off into the distance where he was separate from the main force of riders.
Adem listened to Jean’s moans of despair as he whispered soothing words in her ear: clinging tightly to her waist with his arms as he continued to grip the reins in front. Finally, Jean replied, ‘I’m more worried about our daughter, Adem. There is nothing we can do about the altherin. My concern is that Janeanne has been in this land for nearly twenty years. What kind of person will we face when we meet her as a grown woman? Kien tells us that she is safe with our friends, but I need to get to her. I need to see her face. But I dread to look into her eyes and see her pain and suffering, the agony she has experienced while growing up in this land of beauty and terror.’
‘Orion and Tobin will protect her.’ Adem’s tone was sympathetic to her concerns. ‘They would have cared for her like she was their own. Lydia and Elmira would’ve raised her to be a strong and wise young woman. We’ll see her soon, my darling. Try not to stress out.’ Kien had explained all of this to them on the first night. Not many people knew that the woman Janeanne was actually the daughter of Adem and Jean. Kien had been told the secret by his father, Torin, as his work as a spy continued during Adem’s absence. Torin had become a close confidant of Tarz before his death. Adem had considered using Shienden to fly them directly to their daughter, but he also wished to speak with Rodriel Tarz. There were still many questions to which he desperately needed answers. 
Later they moved into a gallop. Kien and his scouts became aware of more Rahkwel on their trail. Their keen eyesight could detect the goblin hordes through the grey shrouded mist of these lands. At such great distances that Adem and his friends could not even discern black dots on the horizon to mark out where they spotted enemies in pursuit. The Rahkwel were riding beasts similar to large wild boar according to Kien. A breed of Demonsouled that had been raised early on in the Age of Chaos. 
There were many new forms of demon that had spawned via the growing Magic of the Jinn-Lord. Flying demons called Grenloc. Serpentine creatures that bored through the earth in these lands to rise up and devour their prey. Vypain, that were apparently some kind of ape like demon capable of wielding fire to hurl at their prey. As well as the return of other demons from ancient times. Apparently caused by the Rift created by Elarja RinHannen’s Time Stones and Jinn-Magic. 
Kien instructed them on all of these details on the first night when they made camp. It was all important information to Adem. He had to know about everything that had changed, and what still remained the same that he could use to his advantage.
They rode at a fast pace for the next hour. By then Adem could easily discern the dark shapes on the horizon that marked where the horde of goblins were in pursuit. Kien changed course a number of times to outmanoeuvre their attempts to close in around them. But even Adem soon understood they were simply herding them in one direction. When Kien first became certain of this, he tried to change course again. But they were penned in from three sides by Rahkwel charging from the north and east sides, with a horde of Nymloc and Boli-Kuldr closing in from the south. Kien also informed Adem that he spied a Grenloc circling their riders from the dark clouds above. Adem could not see the creature in the silver and crimson laced black billows, but Kien assured him the creature was reporting their movements to the demons in pursuit. 
‘Where are they forcing us to go?’ Adem shouted to Kien as the land began to change slightly. He noticed many stunted dark and leafless trees rising crooked from the parched soil. He also saw many stone ruins layered across the landscape. Some in the forms of statues of ancient monarchy, as well as the figures of polytheistic faith, the Gods of the Old Ways. A very large stone face, half sunken in the earth was surely the image of Odin. Adem shuddered to think what form the Lightning-Lord might now take, and what diminished Angel-Magic he might display. The skies flared with lightning and rumbled with thunder as if in response to his very thought. 
‘They are pushing us straight into the path of the Goblin City!’ Kien shouted in reply. They rode as fast as mortal horses could carry them. ‘I will explain later, but the important thing you must know, we cannot change course. We will face tens of thousands of the creatures once we reach the borders of these main ruins. I would ask that you summon your great dragon to our aid once more. I would also request your assistance, Blue Water Dragon. Honour will be put aside in this desperate hour.’ Adem noted the look of shame that was open upon Kien’s face to admit that he and his men were not sufficient to protect the Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor. Alit’aren had always been men of honour, but these men seemed to bear internal scars when that honour was not upheld. 
Adem summoned Shienden, the great dragon spoke to his mind that he was not far away. He had also tracked them from the skies. Adem then called to Kien, ‘Why not slow the horses to give them rest? We know they are herding us towards their city. Why not slow our progression to better plan our strategy?’
‘I fear they may harry us with goblin arrows if they get within range!’ Kien barked in reply. ‘I would not risk my men, or you, Sons of Odin and Daughter of Thor, to arrow heads dipped in poison! You might not yet understand, Adem Highlander. The Jinn Arts provide more ability than simply demon mind control. We shall demonstrate when the time is right!’
—Goblins cried out to the west, thousands of howling bloodthirsty creatures that spoke of an evil rage that defied all rational belief. It seemed the enemy had become more corrupt during the Age of Chaos if that were even possible. The horses slowed a degree when Rahkwel appeared through the thick fog, forming wedges west, northwest, and southwest. Rows of tall green skinned muscular forms garbed in brown and grey leathers, raising spears, axes, or bows.
The ground suddenly trembled, fire ripped upwards through the earth ahead of Adem and the other riders. Flames spouting like crimson venom raced towards the enemy to blast the front lines with blistering heat! Bodies collapsed like sacks of charred molasses! Adem was stunned at what he saw. He knew it was the work of the Alit’aren, but he could not sense Angel-Magic in any of them. He could see the spells though, and as he watched, he realised they were using the Jinn Arts. He sensed it then within himself—as seven of his Golden Soldiers rose in an arc facing the western ranks to unleash bars of crimson light that severed flesh and bone like blades of fire. He realised then that the Jinn-Lord’s Fire-Magic was still a part of him, as it was with the Alit’aren. Just as the Lord of Shadows became one with the flames when he first tried to oppose the All-Father. 
That Eternal Hellfire now burnt within the souls of men and women touched by Jinn-Magic and the curse on Angel-Magic. As a result, Fire-Magic could still be wielded via Jinn-Magic. It was not Angel-Magic of teron or terael, but it was a Magic all the same! He realised then that it must be Jinn-Magic, used also by the Hex-Warlords and their Hex-Keepers! He feared to reach out and touch the source of such incredibly destructive force, yet he had no other choice.
The feeling was like being dipped in acid swimming in bile of the vilest nature. A reeking pungent odour filled his very soul. Ice binding his heart that burnt like the poison of a deathly curse. The Jinn Arts were terrifying agony to sense within your soul. 
A wall of crimson blossomed within the ranks that tried to close in from the northwest. Rahkwel bodies were burnt to dark husks at the same moment they were torn apart: thrown through the air by the force of his first strike! The demons approaching from the southwest faltered a moment. Alit’aren used the momentum to strike with bolts of crimson lightning and spheres of flames the size of boulders. They flung with their right fists while clinging to the reins with their left. The crimson balls of energy flared like dark and evil acid that launched from their throws but beyond the nose of their horses. Flying to strike the demonic wedges burning holes through bodies with a force that spoke of the Great Angels of Old. Adem grinned despite his situation. Things were definitely looking up.
But the corruption of the Jinn Arts was a hundred times worse than Jinn-Magic on teron. He sensed Jean take hold of that connection between the lingering grasp of terael, and the terrible might of Jinn-Magic. It was not like Angel-Magic where male and female were separate, it was both together. A combination of opposites fuelling a dark and terrible ability. He sensed her emotions through the kigare also, but that connection had faded significantly from his memories of the last time they were in Kismeria. He decided it must have something to do with the waning Magic of the Battle Angels.
Jean harnessed flows of Jinn-Magic that seemed to make her tremble with violent disgust. She exhaled in excruciating agony as a cloud of shadows formed above another Rahkwel wedge. Ahead of their path to the west. From the cloud fell hundreds of crimson spears that glowed with the same dark and terrible corruption. The spears struck ground within the demon ranks, some splitting through skulls or breastplates. Erupting with corrosive venom that caused bodies to burst or melt amongst screams of pain, terror, and outrage. 
He could hardly believe Jean had willingly harnessed the Jinn Arts! He had expected her to be fuming with vitriol over the fact that Jinn-Magic had become the new form of battling the enemy. It seemed to be the only hope of remaining alive in such confrontations. The downside—more than the agony of experiencing that Magic—was Adem already felt a severe madness closing in on his mind via the corruption of Jinn-Fendinn. 
The Alit’aren continued to battle with approaching Rahkwel from the northwest and southwest. Adem caught a quick look back over his shoulder. He saw waves of goblin riders forcing them towards their city. Perhaps if they had tried to break through their closing ranks to avoid being herded in this direction, they might have had a better chance of survival. They would certainly have reduced the need to fight with such desperate vehemence! 
But Adem put his trust in the son of Torin. Kien did not seem a proud man, but his need to uphold the honour of his tribe seemed innate. Adem also realised that what he had seen each time the man’s honour was questioned, was a lingering threat of madness upon his heart and mind. The only thing that seemed to withdraw that threat, were the enchanted crystals they wore on their armour. They glowed blood red and hissed with dark smoke when the Alit’aren were wielding their corrupt Fire-Magic. Demon soul ki’mera orbs flowing through the air to be consumed by the stones as if they were magnetic.
Adem and Jean did not have armour, or any of those crystals adorning their clothing, nor did Carl or Wil. His two friends had not yet harnessed the Jinn Arts, though Adem faintly sensed their internal conflict over the necessity of the situation. Unless they could find a way to restore Angel-Magic of teron and terael, Carl and Wil would have to give in to their need and begin to wield Jinn-Magic also. It was inevitable. Adem wondered at the possible outcome of spending years wielding this tainted magic without his medication to sustain him. Kien had also explained on the first night that the Druid Evolo had been killed soon after the Sons and Daughter sealed the Jinn-Lord in Kerak’Otozi. Kismeria had been without a suitable cure for madness ever since. Adem was no longer grinning. 
Shienden launched down from the dark clouds above. The dragon’s roar filled the air as Adem turned to see Dragon-Flame blanketing the demon horde to obliterate thousands in vicious blue heat. Shienden destroyed the entire horde that had been pushing them from the east. Tusked boar vaporized left a wafting odour of scorched pork on the breeze. Reducing flesh and bone to ashes. Adem instructed the dragon to wipe out the Rahkwel charging in from their right flank. Shienden beat his massive wings against the air to rise and turn. Swooping again over the northern demon horde: spraying thousands of goblins with a tidal wave of fire. Blue incinerating flame burst into the sky like rockets on impact with the earth. What was left of legs and boots looked like small burnt shrubs: stretching for miles, encasing aqua embers. Like burning sprites in blackened coal.
Kien changed direction. Charging now northwest in an attempt to escape being pushed directly through the Goblin City. Adem assumed Fendinn had a large force waiting their arrival. The riders followed in close formation. Fog billowed from the earth as the skies began to darken with the setting sun beyond cloud cover. Lightning flared in crimson bolts that wove through the dark sky like massive demonic tridents. Shienden did not seem concerned as he rose amongst the clouds. Hunting the Grenloc that had tracked them from the skies.
Kien led the riders around the blue flames that scorched the barren earth as dark smoke brought the stench of incinerated demon flesh to Adem’s nostrils. Perhaps he would’ve gagged at the odour if not for the fact that Jinn-Magic was far worse. Its corrupt viscosity still flowing through his veins. 
As they rode at a brisk trot—to allow the horses some respite—Adem’s vision marked the change in the landscape. Shadowy mounds of stone rubble still rose through the grey fog. Some of them here were ruined fortifications. Collapsed walls stretching in a vast perimeter that they skirted while following its edges. Still headed northwest. Ruined watchtowers lay strewn across their path, forcing them to change direction many times. Rahkwel growled from campfires. Glaring golden eyed, hooked-beaked nosed manlike beings with sharp black teeth. The goblins seemed unaware of the orders to stop the riders as they passed by, but those with pig demons to ride were soon climbing into the saddle at the sounding of horns. Other packs sprang to the alert and gave chase on foot, waving dark spears and axes. Others raising black wooden bows and poison arrows.
The Alit’aren cut them down with cold violent dispassionate destruction. Crimson lightning and shadow flame spheres striking the goblins to cut through armour and chests. Bodies fell with gaping wounds sealed with char or spurting dark blood. Adem and Jean wielded the Jinn Arts to cut down the larger hordes. Somehow, they knew how to combine their strength in Jinn-Magic, resulting in a bloodbath of melted corpses to rival the Battle Angels at full strength. His Golden Soldiers unleashed bars of corrupt Hellfire from their laser cannon arms, combining his matter manipulation ability with Jinn-Magic. Jean sprayed the killing fields with Hail of Acid Spears. Blood red shafts bursting with deadly energies that melted armour and flesh: the enemy wailed in agony and despair.
Shienden dived again, launching a savage torrent of liquid-blue flame encasing pure white heat. It smothered an advancing horde on their tail. Goblin burnt-to-toast boots on scorched pig for dinner! Shienden informed Adem that he had taken out the Grenloc in the skies. Adem wondered at the method of communication between the Rahkwel and Grenloc. He considered it most likely that a Souljhin must be orchestrating the attack, either that or one of the Hex-Warlords. He also wondered then why the High-Servants had not yet shown up in this battle. He guessed the reason might be that they were all truly afraid of him, and that they would not engage him in open confrontation without a direct order by their Dark Lord. Adem wasn’t certain that were the case with all of the Hex-Warlords, however. The one that had appeared in his room at the hospital did not seem intimidated in the slightest. In fact, he’d seemed extremely overconfident. He would need to gain many answers from Tarz.
Carl and Wil had flanked Adem and Jean’s horse for most of their flight through this region. Both remained behind far enough for Adem and Jean to have a fair perspective of any approaching danger. Adem knew they would both wield the Jinn Arts if they perceived a significant threat to Jean or himself, but their reluctance was palpable whenever they closed within range of his sight. There was great conflict in them over the corruption of Jinn-Magic. They had both already allowed themselves to hold a portion of its foulness, as Adem had sensed it when they did. Perhaps both preparing themselves for the moment that it became necessary to wield its horrid force. 
Soon they could see the outskirts of the heart of the Goblin City through the thin mist and fading light. Dark cracks lined the ruined walls that in some places were over forty feet high: gaping holes in the rock most likely from catapults. Adem wondered about the city, who had built it and how long ago. He did not know of any deserted cities this far east of the Green Border. He thought it must have been built sometime during the last thousand years, evidently resulting in a crushing attack by the Shadow’s forces. He cringed to think of how many lives would have been lost in such a battle. What terrible tales would he hear when Kien had time to relate the truth of this mysterious place? He no longer had the voice of Arawn or his other Battle Angels speaking to his mind to relate details about the land. That was another change he would have to live with. Yet he knew already that it would cost him vital knowledge of the world and its history. Its magic and their modes of operation.
They were changing direction again to move away from the wall line flanking their left side. The horses were beginning to tire, snorting frantically as they worked up lathers of sweat and grunted in terror of the chase. These were warhorses, but they were clever enough to know when the danger was pressing down upon them. Even they would be afraid to die, whether it was merely instinctual fear or the gripping pressure against their spirit. Adem felt the need to protect them also. Without the altherin things were looking very bad, but he would do all he could to see that the mortal line of horses prospered for the future. He also knew no way to create Portal-Spells using Jinn-Magic. He assumed it was not commonly known or else these Alit’aren would have used it long before. 
There had to be a way. High-Servants and Hex-Keepers had used such Portal-Magic during the dawning of the Age of Chaos, and for long before that time also. Perhaps if Serock were still alive, he could win the man’s loyalty once more and learn the secret. His fear was that so many years spent trapped in the Pits of Hellfire beneath Kerak’Otozi would have brought corruption back to the heart of the man that was formerly known as the Vampire-King.
Fire and lightning continued to fly from the souls of the Alit’aren wielding Jinn-Magic with a vengeance. Bodies were torn apart by Hellfire. Sprays of dark crimson acid erupted within the enemy ranks: tearing and blistering flesh, charring bone with a force that was glorious and terrifying to behold. Jean seemed to be grappling with the need to wield the Jinn Arts further. Her disgust apparent of the foulness of it in her veins. She seemed to glow shadow crimson within her soul as he gripped her before him in the saddle. She made no sound of woe or terror, yet he sensed the emotions broiling within her like a storm cloud waiting to burst with lightning and thunder.
Adem also fought to control his abhorrence of the Shadow Magic. It was almost unbearable, but he held to his determination to put things right in this world. It was up to him. He could not fail these people after the sacrifices they had made for him. He watched a horde of boar-mounted goblins closing in on his right flank: scorching them with waves of heat and acid that caused bodies to collapse in dark piles that writhed and screamed, melting into charred and smoking viscous sludge. Jean took down a smaller horde to the southwest with Flame Leopards that glowed with the destructive Magic of the Shadow-Lord. Acid and flame leapt from the Spirit Wardens as they ploughed through the enemy ranks. Leopards fought with ferocity. Chomping and shredding through armour and flesh with an ease that was greater than wielding terael in a large link. There was promise to this ability, but the cost could be far greater than harnessing Angel-Magic with the curse upon teron and terael.
They had lost no riders so far. Kien had warned them that there was still no known way to perform Healing-Magic without Angel-Magic. Therefore, any man who fell to an arrow or spear must be left behind to die. He would die with dignity to know his honour had been restored. Giving his life in service to the Sons and Daughter. There was that honour again. It was a code that had been ingrained in this world for hundreds of thousands of years before Adem first arrived in Kismeria. Now it seemed to have taken new form within the hearts and minds of its people. It now seemed to be not only the thing that drove them: it was their very reason to exist.
—Arrows flew through the mist from the right flank! Dozens of goblin archers gaining a position where they could fire a deadly strike at close range. Riders and horses began to collapse to the right. Kien was aware and he shouted to Adem and his companions with vehemence, ‘Do not stop for them! Their time is now! It is their sacrifice! They will die in disgrace if you endanger yourselves further in an attempt at rescue!’
Adem looked back to see the men scrambling from their fallen saddles to draw blades and hack through Rahkwel that charged forwards through the mist. He saw that they were ruthless even in defeat. Fearless and bloodthirsty. But they had great honour. A hot rage gripped his chest. Some of those men would be younger than him. More blood, more debt to his soul. How much more would it take?


Chapter 3



Goblin City

Carl clung to the reins; fighting to control the wild fervour of his steed. The animals were beyond terrified. Riders fought with ferocity to annihilate the goblin enemies that surged forward from all sides. Carl had his own struggle, grappling with the idea that he would soon need to wield this vile form of Jinn-Magic that felt as if corrosive vapour flared in his chest, fire in his veins and shadows in his mind. 
He was not afraid to wield the Jinn Arts. He knew it was inevitable if he wanted to be of any use. He just didn’t want to experience that horrid corruption in his soul for one minute more than was necessary. He was also certain the Jinn Lord’s Magic would drive him completely insane, in a very short time, unless they obtained some of those precious elykrario crystals.
He’d had a fine lesson about the red energy absorbing crystals the night before. He had sat with one of the Alit’aren who explained the way elykrario was used to reduce the effects of Jinn-Magic. Without this discovery, the wielders of Kismeria would’ve destroyed this world long ago. They had apparently been discovered during the Reign of Pendral Dragon-Sword, early on during his rise to fame and power. The man who became known as the greatest Alit’aren of the Age of Chaos had learnt that an enchanted form of rock was able to make both male and female wielders impervious to the madness of the Jinn Arts. It was not an exact science, there were times when the stones were not enough to keep wielders sane. But for most it was the only answer to the continued need for magic to battle the demons of this world.
They were still moving along the outskirts of the ruined wall line of the Goblin City. Herded by those Rahkwel riding demon-boar that screamed with rage and bloodlust: slowly closing the gap. Shienden soared through the skies high above, taking out the enemy in blasts of Dragon-Flame that lit up the night. Blazing blue flames that seemed to roar with Angel-Magic of the Old Ways. The enemy was well prepared however: each time a horde was taken out by the Alit’aren or Shienden, another pack of enemies would appear on another flank. Firing arrows as more riders fell from their saddles: horses collapsing with screams of anguish. 
They had lost maybe thirty riders. Carl decided he could wait no longer. He spied Rahkwel along the walkway of a fully formed stretch of wall, aiming arrows from dark wooden bows. Flames erupted along the wall line. Rahkwel screamed! Hellfire melting flesh like sand piles under torrential rainfall. Two arrows flew before Carl could strike however, and two more riders fell with arrow shafts through their necks! Carl gasped, not only to see the deaths of faithful warriors, but also for the nightmare he felt while holding that terrible darkness in his mind and veins. Jinn-Magic made his thoughts swell with paranoia and loathing. His chest burned in torment. Lungs heaved for fresh air amidst the putrid stench of evil!
Goblin archers aimed from the right flank through thin waves of grey mist. Carl slaughtered them with blue and green energies, screaming as flesh blasted into piles. He found changing the colour of the Hellfire easy enough. One of his instinctive abilities via his memories from the Chameleon Arch. Changing colours made it more bearable, the corruption was not so fierce. He noticed some of the Alit’aren glaring at him after he unleashed the Fire-Magic, as if such knowledge had not yet been discovered. Yet moments later the Alit’aren riders began hurling energies burning bright aqua, emerald, or golden. They had spied his Jinn-Magic during the chaos and quickly adapted it to their own knowledge.
Adem noticed the change and was suddenly unleashing Jade Javelins from the sky. They split through goblin necks and torsos: bodies exploded with dark emerald power. Jean adapted her own Jinn-Magic, scorching hundreds of charging Rahkwel on the left flank with sizzling blue electricity that tore through chests. Bodies collapsing with gaping wounds spurting dark blood. The path before them began to change again, becoming city streets wide enough for ten horses to ride abreast. They entered after passing through a ruined wall line: into the city’s heart.
Some riders split up, darting through narrow laneways. Scouting ahead for an ambush. Shienden roared in the dark skies above. Crimson lightning pulsed. The dragon was also spying for enemies. The riders slowed to a trot: giving the horses a needed recovery. Some breathed and snorted heavily with white foam layering their dark silken coats. Without such a rest these animals may have been pushed to their deaths. 
The streets were dark with long lying shadows. Cast by the moon and flashes of lightning: pulsing through billowing black clouds. Thunder rolled through the heavens as if an army of demons growled. Alit’aren were signalling one another in hand sign language. From his memories of seeing through the eyes—hearing through the ears—of ancient Kismerian warriors, Carl was able to translate that their immortal hearing had detected Rahkwel movement closing in from the north and south. 
They continued in silence but for the clipping of hooves against the cracked stone paving. Carl began to sense something else that became quite disturbing. It was not from the west, more all around him. In the dark windows he felt eyes watching. He assumed those lantern goblin eyes would shine in the shadows, but he saw no light whenever he looked towards the source. Then he heard it, a whispering, detected in his mind. Not with his ears, he was sure it was a telepathic message. The words were: Red Fire Lion pounces, Black Shadow Wolf roars, White Snow Fox dances, Blue Water Dragon soars.
It was not Rahkwel, he knew that much. The whispers grew louder. More voices were joining in, hypnotic, enchanted, but deadly. Carl could now sense dozens of pairs of eyes. Staring straight at him from the shadows of arched windows and empty alleyways. He sensed one close by; stared at the window and spoke with his mind. He sent out the question, Who are you, out there?
The chants grew louder until they filled his mind with a hypnotizing rhythm; he called out the question, again and again, Who’s out there?
—Rahkwel horns sounded on both flanks. Carl knew they were not the watchers. The horns much further back behind streets of ruined stone buildings and towers. The Alit’aren were hand signalling furiously! Kien moved close to the Sons and Daughter to whisper, ‘We will flee on my signal.’
Carl could not argue with his reasoning. They would be slaughtered within these streets if the goblins gained windows and balconies. Firing arrows and hurling spears at riders and their horses. Carl needed to know the source of those whispers. He sent out another request. Will you fight for the Blue Water Dragon?
The reply that came was a male voice that brought Carl memories of that fateful night, long ago. 
We will fight for you, Carl Wilder! 
The voice was drenched in wickedness. It spoke in the tone of a man long deceased. Corrupted by the Magic of the Jinn-Lord. Just as it was with those Ghosts of Bright. Carl felt a cold flow of air fluttering over his back and shoulders. He could almost feel invisible fingers touching his face and neck. But he was not afraid.


***  

Goblins poured from the shadows on the left and right flanks. Aiming arrows drawn from dark wooden bows, peering through shadowed windows of buildings and watchtowers. Another horde closed from the rear riding those savage pigs. The Alit’aren reacted before the strings were released. Wil watched as dozens of the Rahkwel archers lowered their feathered arrows. With the metal tip aimed directly under their own chins. They released the arrows that planted up through their own skulls in dark bursts. Eyeballs blasting out of sockets as bodies dropped with hollow thuds. Wil thought that had been the Alit’aren controlling the minds of the goblins. He could not think of another reason other than demon mind control.
Hundreds more Rahkwel charged forwards through the streets. The riders began to bolt on Kien’s signal. A red flare lighting up the dark night sky. The horses moved through narrow streets and laneways at a short canter when possible. Wil and Carl moved to stay on the flanks of Adem’s horse. Alit’aren unleashing waves of Hellfire in incandescent bursts: scorching the ancient stone, setting the place alight. Wil looked to Carl to see a pale blue light shining in his eyes, as his friend shouted; ‘We’re saved!’
A terrible wailing cry of hundreds of souls filled the city streets. The voices were cold and terrible. Wil knew they were not the voices of the living. He felt a cool breeze of soft stroking hands passing over his shoulders, neck, and face. He shivered to think that some wraith spirit was about to end his life. Then the flowing winds coalesced before him as pale lights of aqua and gold. Taking human form within the Rahkwel packs. They appeared to be ghosts of Elven men and women. 
They emanated a pale blue glow and were carved from slivers of moonlight. Wielding swords, spears, or axes of burning aqua, gold or emerald. They began to cut through enemy ranks with supernatural strength and fervour. Blue Lightning-Arrows flew from shadowed archways and windows. Slaughtering dozens in seconds. The Alit’aren seemed as shocked as Wil and his companions. They gazed left and right with expressions of wonder and woe. Some grinned to see these Elf-Ghosts, that took over the fighting grounds: cutting down goblins by the hundreds. Wil gazed to the right. Amongst a horde of goblins, some were struggling to break free. The hands of two or three of these immortal spirits clutched Rahkwel to slit throats, punch blades and arrows through chests. Others were decapitated or cut to pieces as the ghosts hacked off limbs with swords of burning fury. 
They rode onwards when the path was cleared. Until they approached a high stone wall on the western side of the city. Thousands of Rahkwel were gathered, chanting in Demon Tongue as a red mist rose from the stone floor. The riders skidding to a halt when they saw the trap before them. Horses stamped and snorted in fear and determination. 
Wil looked back to see goblin riders advancing from the east. Herding them towards the wall and the red light that oozed from the earth. Wil watched as the red light glowed. A golden-orange haze opened in the stone floor in a wide circle. A man rose from the Underworld. A Battle Angel! It was Balor! 
Wil immediately understood when he saw the dark scowl upon the white bearded man’s face. Wearing plated red-black cuirass and spiked pauldrons. A double-bladed axe of crimson burning in his two-fisted grasp. Had Balor been turned? It seemed without a doubt that their sacred ally now fought for the Shadow!
Adem seemed to realise also. Shield-Domes of Adem’s matter manipulation went up to deflect the first wave of Hellfire. Balor hurled rolling rivers of molten magma at the riders. The fire flowed as a rising wall of red acid: crashing down upon the Shield-Spells that barely resisted the toxic assault. ‘What the hell is this?’ Adem shouted in outrage. ‘Balor, you have betrayed us?’ Wil couldn’t stand to hear the heartbreak in Adem’s tone, the livid disgust. Rage of a madman! The Jinn Arts were having a shocking effect on Adem’s state of mind. It did not bode well.
Adem struck back. Six Hellfire Samurai charged towards Balor. Eight feet tall warriors of shadow and flames. Hacking at the Battle Angel and surrounding goblins with crimson katana. A few dozen Rahkwel were slaughtered before Balor’s awe swung. He struck down every Samurai as if they were flies being swatted, their forms melting back into the stone in red pools. Balor was powerful. Perhaps Jinn-Fendinn gave him extra strengths that his Brothers and Sisters were now lacking.
Wil looked back to the pig riders preparing to charge. In moments they would be overrun. He shivered with hatred for those wretched creatures. Then suddenly his fear formed into an idea. He decided to try to reach the minds of those cursed boar. His sense of their minds was that they were foul and evil beasts, but he used Jinn-Magic to create his own form of mind control. The next moment the massive demonic boars were causing carnage within their own ranks. Bucking their riders free to turn and devour goblin flesh and bones in terrible bloodthirsty grunts. Wil had been able to communicate with the boar using his Dremelden Wood Lore, learnt from the many lives he’d lived within the Chameleon Arch. The rear demon ranks were ground into pig meat as the hungry beasts fed greedily. Dark skinned snouts and eyes of hot coal. 
Adem and Balor continued to strike blows at one another. Then the ghost warriors returned! Firing arrows of starlight upon the Rahkwel gathered on the west wall. A streaming river of electric shafts thudded through breastplates and helmets as goblins dropped like apples off the cart. 
Balor began to chant. A deep bass rumbling rhythm that spoke of ancient Evil Magic. Slamming his axe haft into the earth. A crimson acid bubble formed in the stone before him in a glowing red circle. The bubble swelled to take the form of a massive red-and-black skinned demon. Standing fifteen feet tall. With huge dark batwings and the skull of a ram. The thick cloved hooves and bottom half of its shaggy flesh was dark. From the waist up, it gleamed a sleek crimson. The skin itself was red, but golden-orange flames also burnt within its flesh like flowing lava. 
Wil did not have the knowledge of the Battle Angels to assure him of its kind, but Wil had seen such a demon in one of his memories within the Arch. This was a Krunloc. A fierce and powerful Demon born of the Old Ways Magic, summoned here by Balor’s Power. Wil understood it was likely also influenced by the Jinn Arts. As well as the Rift in Time caused by Elarja RinHannen.
The result was a terrifying foe standing before them. Lava filled eye sockets with burning golden ram horns. The Krunloc raised its right fist, a spear of wicked lightning appeared in its grasp burning blood red. Wil wondered why Adem had not called Shienden from the skies. Wil doubted even Dragon-Flame could harm this beast. The Krunloc beat its massive wings to launch skywards. Soon it soared high above the battleground to aim its spear. A bolt of Hellfire-Lightning fell like the Shadow-Lord’s Sword. It struck Adem’s Shield-Dome. A shredding claw of venom fighting desperately to seize its prey. 
Then the beast vanished amongst the clouds, as the great dragon’s roar filled the night sky. They battled amidst thunder and lightning with Shienden’s raging plumes of blue flame coursing through the blackness. Balor’s plan was to distract the dragon while he unleashed death upon the Sons and Daughter. 
Balor continued to chant his hypnotic Pagan Ritual. Another crimson bubble grew from a red pool before him. Elven-Ghosts fired hundreds of arrows burning with the Might of Faerie Magic. Hacking through goblin ranks that were cut down, blasted to bits with limbs flying and skulls exploding in cosmic flares. Adem raised six Golden Soldiers, robot figures of pure gold that gleamed in a form similar to his Samurai. Laser cannon arms unleashing beams of light to carve through the bulging crimson mass. Red globs falling to splash and melt stone like acid. 
Balor was also greatly wounded by the Hellfire-Lasers. The Shadow Angel planting his axe haft again as heavy Shield-Spells blocked the remaining blasts. Burning red beams deflected off the sphere to slice through Rahkwel by the hundreds. Balor staggered. Jean shouted, ‘Tanriel!’ Adem shouted, ‘Arawn!’ Carl roared, ‘Math Mathonwy!’ as Wil cried, ‘Eledisren!’
Lightning fell from the skies in thick blue bolts! Striking the stone to reveal the forms of four Battle Angels, though not the four they had been expecting. Two were female, both riding white horses. Wil recognized their features, Epona and Queen Maeve. The two males he had never seen before. One was tall and broad and appeared to be formed of lime green crystal armour. A face of carved stone and emerald eyes. The figure wielded a crystal hammer. He was barely taller than the average immortal despite his impressive stature: broad chest and shoulders with bulging stone biceps. The other male was taller. He also hovered a foot above the ground. Drawing a circle with the tip of his red glowing spear, the Angel created a symbol of crimson and golden flames. His armour was many coloured jewels and gemstones studding golden breastplate: greaves and gauntlets. An ancient style golden helmet over a face of a man with large dark eyes, similar to a Souljhin. Wil knew this figure from the old memories. He once had a face of pure white bone, a fleshless skull. His slow demise into mortality had supplied his face with skin and flesh, muscle over bone. His short-pointed beard and flowing dark hair gave him a gentler appearance for the Battle Angel known as Neit. Also called the Angel of War.
What occurred next was all out chaos! The two male Angels charged Balor. Slaying goblins around the corrupted Angel. Neit decapitated the crimson beast that was rising from the pool of magma. Maeve and Epona hurled balls of blue flame at the goblins closing on their flanks. No Fallen Angels or Spirit Horses to fight for them this time, they appeared almost helpless compared with their former Angel-Magics.
The Elven-Ghosts were now appearing in waves. Most firing silver-blue arrows that blasted skulls apart in bloody bursts. Others hacked and slashed through the goblin ranks. Decapitating goblins by the hundreds as limbs flew or were cut off at the knee. Swords of Faerie Fury Raging. 
The demon boar continued to feast on the goblins that tried to press forwards from the rear. Savage beasts causing carnage to any that tried to pass through their wedge of famished rage. Tearing down the tall demon-men to bite off skulls or bury their snouts in entrails as they chewed through armour and flesh.
Finally, Balor retreated back to the Underworld. A bubble of magma swelled from the stone floor and Balor vanished in a flash of crimson. 
The hammer wielding Battle Angel struck blows against the western wall. Shattering the stone and creating a gap large enough for ten horses to ride abreast. A few swipes of his massive weapon and the stone rubble was cleared. The four Battle Angels then positioned themselves along both sides of the entrance to the tunnel, forming a laneway of defence as they faced the enemy on both sides. Wielding sheeted walls of fire and lightning to hold back the goblin advance. 
Kien saw the opportunity, shouting to his men to form tighter ranks as they charged for the opening. Wil saw dozens of Elven-Ghosts joining the defensive walls alongside the Battle Angels. Unleashing Lightning-Arrows or defending their ground with enchanted Spirit-Blades.
Once they were through the break in the wall the trap from the goblins was virtually over. Horns of pursuit sounded, but the carnage within those walls would keep most of them detained long enough for an escape. It had been a close call! Wil was tense and close to panic to consider his darling wife alone in this world. Living with the curse of a vampire in her veins. Struggling against all odds to bring order to the vampire covens. To unite them for the Ragnarök Battle. What kind of woman would he see when he faced her again? He had deserted both Hayley and his daughter, for over a thousand years. Would she even feel the same way about him? He needed those answers. He had to look into her eyes and hope that he saw the same innocent farm girl he had met and married on the same day.
They rode on through the storm as Shienden roared again overhead. Evidently, he had dealt with the Krunloc. He soared through the skies without opposition. Scouting the fields for signs of ambush or pursuit.


Chapter 4



Jean’s Decree


The riders slowed to a trot, after riding hard from the Goblin City. The horses needed rest and so far, the scouts had not detected any signs of pursuit. That did not mean there would not be further traps ahead for them. Jean breathed slowly in long rhythms to clear her mind after sensing that devastating form of Jinn-Magic in her mind. It was almost as destructive to the wielder as it was for the target. Vile despair filled her soul when she wielded Jinn-Magic. Adem had hardly spoken that night when they made camp. He seemed subdued with worry over so many factors he could not yet conceive let alone control.
The horses ate a rare herb to sustain them while spending up to weeks at a time in these barren lands. Some fresh grasses that resisted the toxins of the East Lands also grew here. These were small treats for the horses as they grazed the dark soil under the watchful eyes of Alit’aren. Horses were precious to these men. They were their only means of survival while making these patrols.
Kien had explained that the Forsaken were also powerful long-distance runners. Something that had been bred into their mixed bloodlines. Gifting the half-bloods with greater speed and endurance than ordinary mortals. They had become accustomed to the oppressive nature of the East Lands. They went for days without food, rationing their packs while they sipped drops of water to stay alive with a raw thirst in their throats. They excelled in combat, not only when wielding the Jinn Arts, but also in all forms of weaponry. Their ranks being formed of almost infinite number of experts in particular types of blade. These men amongst them were mostly swordsmen, but Jean noticed some carrying short curved blades for slashing joined by a chain to their wrists for swinging the blades through the air. Short daggers and throwing knives at their belts, a few carried scythe shaped blades: jagged and intricate designs on a variety of hafts.
Kien explained that the blade was the last resort of an Alit’aren. Though, their honour code was such that they would be respected more by their peers if they also used steel as their first method of defence. If it became necessary to wield Jinn-Magic to control demon minds or unleash Hellfire, the honour of the Alit’aren was lowered to a degree. But their position could be reinforced in the ways they manipulated that Magic to wipe out their enemies. It was a detailed code, bound and entangled in the continued use of this corrupt and terrible force. 
Her first instincts were to begin planning a new decree, to ban all wielding of Jinn-Magic. She knew Adem would fight her on this, but she understood the real need they faced. They had to restore the capacity to wield teron and terael, for all Alit’aren and Ael Tarael. Jinn-Magic and the curse on those two halves of Angel-Magic were not nearly as dangerous as the threat of the Jinn Arts. If they could not find the answer in a short time, this would be the Dawn of a thousand-year Age of Ruin.
She could see the madness brewing behind the eyes of these men. More than that, she could sense it in them, the wrong: the darkness. They were cursed men, with evil in their veins. They could not stand against such forces for much longer. She understood the Forsaken had been practicing the Jinn Arts for close to a thousand years, yet their code restricted how often it was used. Angel-Magic was still an option up until the last three years. What omnipotent force could be capable of shielding the world from the Magic of the All-Father? It had to be the Jinn-Lord’s scheming. But how was it achieved? If they could learn this one fact, they might discover a way to reverse the spell.
She sat by the campfire with Adem. Flames burned amber orange in the darkness, illuminating the lacquered black cuirass and gauntlets of the warriors standing guard. Some of the men were taking shifts to gain sleep. That was another important ritual for resisting the Jinn Arts. Though, these mostly half-bloods or pure blood immortals could go weeks without a good night’s sleep. They would still be more alert than a mortal who had stayed up all night to watch the dawn. Carl and Wil sat close by talking in hushed whispers. She could’ve eavesdropped. Instead she turned her attention to Kien as he approached to press fist to chest in salute. 
‘Why didn’t you tell us more about the Jinn Arts the first night?’ She questioned the man with a restrained sense of authority. She would have to dominate over these rabid mongrels when she gained a sufficient army. But for now, she was grateful to the man for keeping them alive. ‘Wielding Hellfire and those other dark energies: why did you not equip us with this information before entering further conflict?’ 
‘I feared the wrath of my master, Lady Jean,’ Kien replied. ‘Lord Tarz would not like me to disclose the extent of our studies in the Jinn Arts without his official permission. In truth, I believe he would’ve tried to keep you unaware of such practices.’
‘Why did Tarz send you out here?’
‘Patrols must be kept up along the borders between our camps and the demons of these lands. There is risk, but it is part of the code.’
‘Do you feel Tarz sends you on these suicide missions to try to get you out of the picture?’ She spoke the words at almost a whisper, yet Kien’s visage tightened as he harshly whispered back, ‘Know that there are men here not loyal to me. I did not speak your thoughts, but I do not deny them either. My father’s death is still a mystery, but I would seek your protection from my master if his rage be invoked.’
‘Do you believe your father was killed on orders by your master?’
‘I will not speak of such things here!’ His voice was gruff and quite amplified. He then spoke at a near whisper to say, ‘You should know that Tarz is a very powerful man, perhaps the most formidable warrior of this Age. But is he a threat to the Faith of the All-Father? If that is so, I leave it to the will of the Sons and Daughter to impeach him.’
‘Thank you, Kien. You may return to your rounds.’
Jean had never trusted Tarz, and she was not about to start trusting. Worms in the heart of their defence. If Tarz was truly a Shadowsouled, she shuddered to consider his plotting. There would be an investigation into Torin’s death. She would have answers, and the riddles would begin to unfurl.

***

Adem had learnt one very important answer to his questions tonight. When he saw the spirit of Balor, summoned against him in battle. He understood a part of Fendinn’s great plan. Jinn-Magic on teron had always been part of the prophecies: the Jinn-Lord knew it would occur. But why is he forever stealing Angel-Magics of the Great Angels? He realised now these two factors were entwined, Jinn-Magic and the curse, as well as the dwindling might of Battle Angels. The answer was Balor, and Arawn, Dis Pater, all of them. Jinn-Fendinn wanted the Battle Angels to become mortal. Mad and evil, so that the Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor would be forced to do battle with them and destroy them all! The answer seemed to reach in like a cold claw that crushed at his chest. The claw burning as if exuding dry ice. He wanted to scream in outrage and disgust, but his determination to remain sane held true. 
That was the answer. He had to kill every last Battle Angel before they became the new High-Servants. This was his fate. Thunder roared with the rage of Odin. Blue thunderbolts ripped through the black clouded skies like Spears of Heavenly Angels.

***

The next day’s ride was more suitable for Jean. They moved at a trot, then a canter, then a short gallop. Then they gave the horses a rest, then a trot, a canter, then a gallop again. There were clear running waters through these lands. The horses drank by a riverbank that afternoon as they approached the Forsaken campsite. There must have been forty thousand warriors here, sei’vani servants, women, and children. The women were warriors also, most of them Ael Tarael or minor wielders all every bit as deadly with the blades they carried. They wore the ghoda’sidhe dark wrappings and elykrario studded black armour, some with thick dark braids tied back in tails or intricate golden curls. Fire red hair cut short to frame the face; braided fringe tied with coloured beads.
They were magnificent and horrifying. Dark powers brooding in their eyes like crackling menace. Yet they maintained a gentle and delicate manner despite the strength of their muscular stances and graceful agile movement as they patrolled the camp. Tents formed a small city across the dark earth, standing like squat shadows against the red sunset. They were of every colour imaginable, bright golden worked reds, blue and white striped, or red and green stripes, tasselled in gold or silver like draping opulence. There was wealth in these clans. She wondered at the source of such wealth.
There was the old money of Alit’aren and Ael Tarael, but from what Jean had learnt so far, economies had crumbled under the taxation of war and carnage. Kingdoms had fallen, both the rulers and their cities. Many still stood in ruins, or had been rebuilt, but the cities that once stood there really only remained in name. Women wore exotic jewellery, rings and necklaces, earrings, and gem studded weaponry. How had the Forsaken maintained such wealth while being outcast from the world? Knowing the answer was perhaps integral to dealing with Tarz. If she could at least threaten to wipe out his cash flow, he might become much more amiable in negotiations. 
Kien spoke with his leaders and related their journey. The Sons and Daughter were greeted with praise and honour. A feast was held, and many of their animal stock were sacrificed for the spits. Roasts were done over a traditional flame: of course. Jean did not want to even consider what Hellfire meat tasted like. During the feasting, the warriors gathered on the outskirts of the rows of tables began a low chant of remembrance. Songs of the Old Ways, before Jinn-Magic and the curse, days of beauty and wonder.
Jean, Adem, Carl and Wil were kitted out with the ghoda’sidhe clothing and armour, including the vital red crystals studding their gauntlets, greaves, cuirass, and pauldrons. They each had dark helmets also, each with splayed dragon wings in black enamel. Word was spreading through camp of Carl Wilder’s discovery of altering the colour of Hellfire to create lesser toxic energies. Jean watched as excited wielders practiced such Jinn-Magic in flares of emerald, golden and aqua fire. 
Carl’s mind was precious regarding Old Magic. Just as Wil was evidently well versed in the Tongues of Wild Beasts. Those abilities obtained within the Arch were also vital in such changed circumstances. They were the powers of knowledge. Jean’s special talent since the Arch was grit, she had nerves of steel as she had faced every possible outcome the Shadow-Lord could throw at her, and she had survived! Adem’s lasting ability was his matter manipulation, whether learnt secretly in the Arch or discovered after. It was his defining dominance over this world. Something that could not be Shield-Trapped, controlled, or stamped out. Those were the powers they would need to achieve victory, that of the Fox, the Wolf, the Lion, and the Dragon. And of course, they had a real dragon! Shienden was a fifth point in their combined strengths. 
During the feast she sat with Adem to her right, Carl to his right and Wil to her left. Carl and Adem liked to sit and talk together more than Adem was likely to want to talk with Wil. They had been closer friends when they were younger, but for as long as she had known them, the bond was closer between Carl and Adem. They had similar minds, they thought about things the same way, and they liked to discuss these ideas. Jean turned her focus to Wil as the other two began to chat to one another. ‘How are you feeling, Wil?’
‘I’m just worried about Hayley. I haven’t slept well at all during the time we were back home. I had so many dreams about her. Some where she was in terrible danger, but others where the danger was her. I would so hate to see that this world has broken her spirit. Or that the curse on terael has changed her in such a way that she would no longer take me as her lover.’
‘Have you asked Kien about her?’
‘He says she rules Nordhel. The entire city is now a Vampire Coven, known as her Martyr Coven. There are werewolves there too, gathered from conquests in the Southlands. She has apparently made quite a name for herself. That city is feared and avoided by all. Farms still exist on the outskirts and surrounding lands further out, but they are basically slaves who work the fields and tend stock each day to supply blood to the Coven. So much blood! It is something I completely detest, but it is her life source. Without it, she would perish.’
‘I did not realise the situation was that serious at Nordhel. Ghastly to consider an entire civilization being turned.’ Yet Hayley was sworn to build a vampire army to fight beside us at the Ragnarök Battle. Jean was sure the woman felt her sense of honour weighed heavily upon her need to succeed. ‘Your wife will still love you, Wil, but remember when you first look into her eyes, you will not recognize her. She has lived over a thousand years while we’ve been away. She would’ve fought countless battles, seen terrible destruction. She lived through the Age of Chaos! My advice is don’t try to turn her back into a memory. 
‘Everything changes. It’s the same with people.’
‘I just hope she hasn’t forgotten me and married some vampire prince.’
‘I would call that impossible, Wil! Be optimistic. We have to make an impression on these people. She would’ve waited for you. You’re more than worth it.’ Wil knew well enough not to mention Janeanne at the feast. If rumours spread that the girl was in fact the daughter of Adem and Jean Highlander, it would put her in terrible danger. She had been so overwhelmed from wielding the Jinn Arts the day before that she still had hardly touched her plate. She sipped apple cider from a jewelled goblet. Then decided she would try to make a sandwich. 
Most of the feast consisted of roast pork or lamb, but there was a platter of duck to her left that Wil passed over as she layered up the bread with some cheese. She took a bite and felt the joy of knowing food had not yet changed. It was still bursting with goodness and energy. She was getting her appetite back already. Perhaps this had been another natural healing power to ward against the corruption of the Jinn Arts. 
Later, she spoke with Kien. Alone in a tent that was set up for her and Adem to sleep in. Adem and Carl were still at the feast. Wil had turned in early, showing signs of lethargy perhaps attributed to Jinn-Magic. Jean asked the man more about Tarz, with trustworthy guards posted around the tent in case of eavesdroppers. Even half-bloods had exceptional hearing, and there might still be a spy listening in on the conversation. But Jean did not want to wield the Jinn Arts in order to create a Sound-Ward against unwanted listeners. She also thought that might spark a warning signal throughout the camp.
From what she was able to learn from Kien, Tarz had become more stubborn in his aims to continue to wield Angel-Magic when it was possible. Now he was forced to use the Jinn Arts as the only remaining source of great might in this world. The more Kien explained, the more Jean began to dread facing this man and opposing his will. She would need a great army before she could confront him with demands. Finally, she asked, ‘How many warriors does Tarz have?’
‘You wish to build an army to stand against him?’
‘I’m just taking numbers, for now. How many are there?’
‘We are five hundred thousand strong! That accounts for ready to fight Alit’aren and Ael Tarael. We also have Aldebrands, Seidrs, sei’vani, soldiers, servants, non-warrior women and children.’ Kien spoke with fist pressed to heart, eyes staring with deep pride over his people. Jean nearly gasped when she heard the figures, including a total estimate of a force close to a million strong!
‘Who else holds an army of this scale?’ Kien shrugged over the question, scratching his head as he replied, ‘There are no united armies left in these lands. Kings and rulers do not put faith in comradeship beyond their own borders. The closest thing to it are the warriors of the Hardark Rohn clans, over three hundred and fifty thousand warriors strong. Or the mountain dwellers close to that province. Descendants of Hamdril Longtooth, they are perhaps an army of five hundred thousand including women and children.’
Jean worked the puzzle through her mind as Kien related the approximate size of each army throughout Kismeria when the idea suddenly struck her. She would have to appoint the Forsaken as her army to then enforce her will upon the rest of the lands. The very idea seemed an abomination in her mind, yet she saw no other option. Any other army would be wiped out by the combined might of the Forsaken wielding the Jinn Arts, not to mention their skill in weapons combat. If she went about it another way, she would be inviting massacre. 
The Forsaken were an army the rulers of this world would not willingly oppose. She would use their power to intimidate the others to fall in line or be crushed. Force would not be used unless vital though. She remembered well the slaughter of the Honds at the hands of their Battle Angels. She would not allow such human bloodshed again while she was in command.
She called for one of the guards to poke his head through the tent door as she said, ‘Fetch the scribes. I have something I want them to take down.’
‘What is it, my Lady?’
‘It will be in the form of a decree. I’m going to make Rodriel Tarz the High Lord Commander General of the Army of the White Snow Fox!’ Thunder boomed. Lightning flared through the tent walls. Pure aqua and wicked crimson tridents of brilliant flame.


Chapter 5



A Dark Queen

Hayley Martyr, High Lady Vampire of the Martyr Coven, and wife to Wil of the Sons of Odin, sat reclined in her throne room. With faithful guards posted around the large chamber that was once the city known as Nordhel. It had a different name now; she had given the city a name that would inspire fear in her enemies. It was known as the Hive. The city had taken some serious damage during the Age of Chaos and the battles that ensued. The higher levels of some outer walls and watchtowers were still under repair, however the former throne room of Tobin Fire-Heart still stood. Pillars of marble and vaulted ceilings of black and green worked with gold.
For a young farm girl to rise so high in the world was a great achievement. Yet she forever longed for the embrace of her husband, to wash away the filth of her terrible curse. She had never forgotten Wil all of these years. She had never taken another lover. She was faithful as a wife. But she was no longer the young girl he had known back then. She had lived over a thousand years as a vampire. Despite looking the same age, it was only skin deep. Her soul was that of a savage hunter and warrior woman. Old and wizened, dark, and terrible. She had taken thousands of lives with her own blade in her quest to rule the Covens. Ten thousand even. In her heart she was cold as ice that burnt with the corruption of terael and Jinn-Magic. She had felt so empty and alone during those years, despite her daughter always being by her side. The image of her mother and a joy to her every moment of existence. Though she was haunted by a deep longing to be reunited with Wil—she’d held strong to his memory—and the eternal desire to become old and die like her family and ancestors. Their memories floating amongst the ashes of a cursed Age.
That had all changed a number of days ago. Her husband had returned! She could sense him faintly, a great distance to the east. She prayed to the Great Angels that his path would lead him safely to her arms. She could not communicate with him unless he obtained Battle Angels in Resting Points. That was almost unheard of these days. Hayley being amongst the very few to be joined with a Battle Angel via the connection similar to the kigare. Druantia was also still strong, perhaps the most powerful Battle Angel remaining in this world. Druantia had won her many battles, and she was a close comfort in the grip of loss and sorrow that she so often felt. 
‘Bring the complainant forward,’ Hayley commanded. Two tall Nordic vampire men brought forward an aged mortal farmer from surrounding lands, both standing at his side while seizing him by the shirt sleeves. Two more vampire men brought forward the accused on her order, and Hayley listened while the two gave their case on the events that resulted in the theft of three sheep from the accuser’s land. The accused was also mortal. A chubby faced old man with white tufts of hair around his ears and dark beady eyes. The complainant appeared just as nervous as the accused in her presence, which was no surprise. The punishment for such crimes was to be turned, yet the same could be enforced upon a complainant who gave false testimony.
Hayley made her judgement against the accused, ordering that he be turned here and now. One of the vampire guards in shining black steel armour bared his fangs and was about to bite into the man’s neck. When suddenly Hayley felt emotion through the kigare from her husband. She cried out, ‘Stop!’ There was no other way to describe it. It seemed that Wil could sense what she had ordered. He could feel the darkness in her, and it made him want to scream! 
She had always told herself such decisions were right for building her Nightwalker army. But now she could clearly see the folly of her deeds. Passing the curse on to men and women who should be free of such frivolous concerns, if only she became a strong enough ruler to ensure things like sheep theft never occurred. There were some men guilty of crimes she could not excuse, but here and now she called for mercy. The men were sent away without harm.
Her husband’s return had changed her, to a degree. She feared what Wil would think of her when he learnt the true nature of her own crimes in this world. So many they would fill a thousand thick volumes of script. But she was a cursed woman. Her goal ultimately was to escape that curse, for herself, and for all the Nightwalkers. Nothing could stand in the way of that cause. She was hated and despised by many of the rulers of the Free Lands. They called her the Dark Queen. To her the name was symbolic of her honour and duty that she wore close to her heart, but she also felt the cutting nature of their jibe. Most nations still offered blood and shelter to her Coven, but vampires were still a greatly feared scourge upon humankind.
Suddenly she felt the love of her husband fill her heart and soul. Washing away the shadows with pure fires of delight over her decision. He could not know exactly what had transpired, but he knew of the terrible nature of her being. He sensed it, and it filled him with loathing and terror. The emotions he sent were cleansing. She felt light in her heart burning for the first time she could remember, perhaps the first time since she was last by his side. She had become cold and wicked without his love, heartless, cruel, and vindictive. He would never forgive her for her crimes! The fear of that gripped her chest with sharp pain, but the love was soft and warm: glowing. It appeased her fears as she gave a deep sigh of regret.
‘Won’t you forgive me, my love?’ she whispered to the air.
‘My Queen?’ asked one of the guards with fist to chest.
She dared not tell what she knew however, that the Sons of Odin and Daughter of Thor had returned to the land. She knew there were still spies within her Coven who were in fact Shadowsouled who spied for the vampire leader Koncha of the Southlands. The return of the Saviours would need to be kept secret as long as possible, or the Jinn-Lord’s minions would begin their plotting. Jinn-Fendinn knew of their Arrival, of course, he could see and hear anything that passed through the minds of wielders, including the minds of the Saviours. They would have a terrible fight on their hands to try to restore order and justice in this world. Jinn-Fendinn would bring terror and destruction to all who served the All-Father!
She quickly left the throne room surrounded by guards as she made her way to her daughter’s chambers. She found Enserah seated on a small sofa in her waiting room, a warm fire on the white marble hearth worked in images of angels with spread wings. Enserah was perhaps even more beautiful than her mother. The same dark eyes and jet-black hair tied in an intricate braid. There were even hints of Wil in her facial expressions that often-brought memories flooding back of her husband. Enserah was stubborn like her father also. Rising to become one of the most powerful Ael Tarael of the Age of Chaos. The product of a strong line of wielders, as even Hayley’s mortal farmer clans often had both male and female wielders born within the records of her ancestors. Combining Wil’s strength in Angel-Magic gave Enserah impossible potential when mixed with the vampire curse that also flowed in her veins. These united elements made her deadly strong and swift, yet she had never needed to feed on blood to survive like her kin. 
She could walk in daylight, yet she retained all the known powers attributed to vampires. Speed, stealth, alertness and prowess, incredible strength, and endurance. She could fly! Even hide in shadows in ways similar to demons. Her sight and hearing were also exceptional even for vampire blood. She was an enigma, and also something that Koncha had coveted for a thousand years as he had made numerous attempts to kidnap Enserah. Longing to learn her secret of walking in daylight. 
‘What are you reading, child?’ Hayley asked with a tight grin.
‘Mother, I am far too old to be called child anymore!’
‘Forgive me, dear one. The book, what is it?’
Enserah wore a deep blue gown, sewn with white pearls around the neck and lace covered sleeves. Her apple red cheeks glowed with contempt over the comments, as she wriggled in her seat to try to regain comfort in her posture. Then she smiled, and Hayley’s chest burned every time that happened. Not only for the fact that she always saw Wil in those smiles, but also for the fact that Enserah had never grown long canines like others of her kind. Perhaps it was a sign that she was not created to drink blood like her kin. She was nourished purely by normal human consumption of animal, mineral and vegetable matter. What struck Hayley about her daughter’s teeth was the fact that it sparked the memory of her own curse, her abnormal looking smile similar to a wolf’s grin. As well as the fact that Enserah also carried part of that curse in her soul.
It was for her daughter that Hayley wished to end the vampire curse more than anything, and somehow, she would succeed. To ensure they both began to age again. Enserah still looked like a woman barely past eighteen, much as Hayley had looked when she first met Wil. The defining difference between them now was that although Hayley’s eyes showed the weariness of time, Enserah’s gaze remained youthful, hopeful: even joyous. When in fact they were relatively of similar age. 
It was a part of the mystery of Enserah. For although she had never married, there was one man in her past that she had loved perhaps as strongly as Hayley loved Wil. That man was Pendral Dragon-Sword, and although he at one time had also had an interest in Enserah, their destinies did not become entwined in love and marriage. Pendral had fathered a boy in his lifetime, and Rayne had also caught the eye of her eternally youthful daughter. But the boy seemed puzzled and afraid of Enserah and her curse. He too found love with another woman before his own demise.
‘It is a book about the life and death of Pendral Dragon-Sword,’ Enserah replied. The way she pronounced his full title would suggest she had never even met the man. 
‘Why are you reading it?’
‘I hope to discover some secret, Mother. I believe there is knowledge in the records of Pendral and Rayne that could help the Sons of Odin in their quest towards the Ragnarök Battle.’
‘Have you learnt anything thus far?’
‘I’m still trying to puzzle out the cryptic nature of prophecies surrounding Adem Highlander, Pendral’s father!’ Again, she spoke of Pendral as if the name were alien to her lips, but Hayley distinctly noted the way her daughter trembled with emotion after speaking his name. Hayley turned to her guards, ‘Leave us.’
When they were alone Hayley related the news that she was certain Wil and his Brothers had returned to the land. Enserah almost burst with emotion and started gibbering excitedly when Hayley pressed a finger to her own lips to silence her before she added, ‘You must tell no one of this. The High-Servants and Hex-Keepers will already be seeking out word of their every movement. We must restrict the amount of information they can obtain. I just wished for you to know that your father has returned. You can meet him: get to know the man he really is. Not just read about him in old books.’
Enserah leapt from the chair and threw her arms around Hayley as they both held each other tightly, whispering sweet things to one another as they both began to sniff and sob with grief and joy. Hayley felt her heart brighten once more, a pure light shining there that was warming but also cool: the wonder of love and the spirit returning to her senses. Carl Wilder had often called such feelings internalised reactions to thoughts and ideas, and the environment, but the man was a spiritualist first and foremost. He knew it was the soul cleansing of the Magic of the All-Father. Terael still existed in the world to an extent, as did teron also. It could still be felt, sensed, and used to heal wounds that had festered for a millennium. But it was love that sparked those fires. Love for a man who had abandoned his wife and child for a thousand years, though she could not blame him for it. She would love Wil Martyr for eternity.

***

Enserah wept in her mother’s arms as time drifted into evening. When her mother left, Enserah reached for her cloak, a fine green silk worked with golden embroidery. She made her way through the hallways with two of her guards striding at her side. The entire palace was kept dark throughout the daytime. Windows were painted black to block out the sun’s rays. Torchlight glowed day and night in every hallway and chamber.
During her walk she passed many of her mother’s advisors marching the hallways with guards of their own in tow. Many of the women of the Coven were also former Ael Tarael. Powerful wielders that were now reduced to the Jinn Arts as their only form of might. Their Aldebrands were also of the Coven: mostly they were Nordic blood as most had been residents of the city of Nordhel when the vampire plague began to spread out of control. That was long before her mother Hayley took over the city and became its ruler.
Many of the Ael Tarael and their Aldebrands were also mortal blood. Some had survived over a thousand years due to their vampire curse. Though, throughout the Free Lands there were thousands of wielders and Aldebrands that had lived just as long without the vampire curse, even though they were also mortal. There was no precedence for such longevity. Enserah had studied this phenomenon to try to puzzle out its meaning. The answer, she believed, was that the curse on terael and Jinn-Magic on teron, was somehow sustaining mortal wielders with longer lives than Angel-Magic would alone.
In some cases, the changes that took over those wielders were unspeakable, like the Witches of Rolimbtorel and their Warlock kin of the Age of Chaos. That was during the time of Rayne Dragon-Sword. When the immortals declared war upon those traitorous Ael Tarael and Alit’aren that had become so corrupted they served willingly as Shadowsouled. There were now rumours that a new Coven of Witches and Warlocks had set up residence at Rolimbtorel. An underground city of ancient magic that resided in the very stone walls and floors within its depths, and that this magic was the source for cutting off Angel-Magic from the wielders of teron and terael. 
Enserah believed the rumours to be true, and she had sent scouts to search out the ancient ruins surrounding Rolimbtorel to try to assess whether it could be proven. That would mean a great adventure would follow, and Enserah loved adventure! She would be able to join her father and the legendary Sons of Odin and Daughter of Thor, on a quest to regain Angel-Magic. Her mother had told her endless tales about the grand adventures she had shared with the Saviours before Enserah was born and the sealing of the Jinn-Lord at Kerak’Otozi when Enserah was just a baby.
Those stories thrilled Enserah! She dreamed of one day fighting beside her mother and father against the Shadow and His minions. She had been in many exciting battles during her lifetime, including fighting alongside Pendral Dragon-Sword and then his son Rayne. They were fine memories: that she kept close to her heart with joy and sorrow. She had loved Pendral like no other man she ever met, and her feelings for his son Rayne seemed to be transference of those feelings onto his lookalike offspring. They were very different men, however. Pendral was hard like stone. Dark and intimidating, proud and defiant. He appeared resilient to Jinn-Magic, despite the darkness that seemed to always radiate from his soul. Rayne was only a boy when she first met him, and although he had his father’s looks, he was kind and soft, gentle with compassion and honesty. They were immediately recognizable as twin opposites. 
Finally, Enserah arrived at one of the largest libraries in the palace. Despite the wars that plagued Kismeria for the last thousand years, the recording of knowledge in the written word was of foremost importance for anyone in the field of making such records. The Hive had perhaps the largest collection of books remaining in the Free Lands, but there were many libraries filled with knowledge of the ancient days as well as the events of the past thousand years of history. Books were still fragile however, and perhaps the only reason they had not been wiped out again when the High-Servants broke free from Kerak’Otozi, was the discovery of a new form of recording knowledge, that also made traditional books an obsolete practice. 
The module for operating the device stood in the centre of the library space, between two long high shelves filled with books of every coloured spine imaginable. The module was pure gold, standing at waist height with a tilted face for looking down onto the glass display similar to an open book. This display had limitless number of pages to show, records of every book ever written during the last thousand years, as well as those that were salvaged after the High-Servants attempted to destroy all recorded knowledge at the Dawn of the Age of Chaos. 
It was an invention created by Pendral. A genius of innovation, he apparently envisaged the device from dreams of his father Adem’s memories from his home world. Combined with stories told to Pendral by Tobin Fire-Heart and Orion Demon-Slayer, about Carl Wilder’s recording machine known as a komputah. Carl Wilder had apparently described the komputah many times to Tobin and Orion, as a means of securing knowledge that could not be so easily destroyed as books with fire. Adem Highlander had apparently also carried a similar device from his home world used for communication: that he showed to Orion and Tobin when he learnt to charge the device by wielding teron.
Pendral invented the device and its operating systems in the hope that if a new cure could be found for the curse and Jinn-Magic, they would be able to record that knowledge in a way that would be very difficult for the High-Servants to undo. However, there was never another potion of such miraculous potential as that created by the legendary Evolo Marzosiel. The komputah therefore became a means of recording all knowledge, securing studies of the Jinn Arts and Angel-Magic while it was still possible to wield. Inventions of machinery and weaponry, many of them created by the immortals in memory of the Golden Soldiers and other Spirit Wardens created by Adem Highlander and his companions. Most of those weapons stood on the towers of the walls that sealed off the mountain passes of the Green Border. But there were others throughout the cities of the Free Lands. Some that spat piercing shards of metal at rapid fire. Others that used elykrario crystals to absorb Jinn-Magic as long metallic structures unleashed bars of Hellfire to wipe out demon hordes. The weapons were powered by multiple wielders joined in a link.
Enserah had no interest in such destructive devices today. She tapped the interface to bring up archives of books surrounding the life and death of Pendral Dragon-Sword. They were amongst records of his son Rayne, as well as the history of the Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor. Komputah was not an isolated device. It was everywhere. These modules simply served as a means to obtaining the information that floated through the air by pure magic. Komputah’s modules were formed mostly of metals and crystals and were fuelled by a form of Angel-Magic. The fact that Angel-Magic still fuelled the devices was evidence that could be studied to learn how to wield teron and terael once more. 
The point was, Kismerian komputahs were more magic and less science than those used in Carl Wilder’s universe. Carl had been a scientist, and studies of this art form had begun to spread widely throughout the Free Lands following his exit from this world. Druids became obsessed with discovering the secrets of nature as they became investigators of the elements and their foundations. Members of the Druid Guild were also hunted and destroyed in large numbers by the Hex-Warlords and Hex-Keepers, once the enemy leaders began to break free from their prison at Kerak’Otozi.
Carl Wilder’s teachings of the Hero, Jesus Christ, also founded a widespread movement of a new religious practice and worship, known as the Holy Bible. Most Kismerian followers of Christ were adamantly opposed to all vampires, including but not especially those that served under her mother Hayley within the Hive. 
Vampires were susceptible to the Power of Christ also. The crucifix symbol was a powerful ward against Nightwalkers, as was his name when spoken aloud in the presence of vampires. Enserah was also fragile when such powers were invoked against her, and she was called many names of evil and despised by the followers of Christ. However, Carl Wilder’s teachings of Christ brought great change to the beliefs and practices of the Free Landers. The Christians were on the battlefields to carry the injured to healing tents, many of their clan taking on the role of Druid Healer whether or not they were able to wield for traditional Healing-Magic, or whether they could only bind wounds in bandages and apply poultices and ointments to reduce infection. 
Christian churches donated to the sick, the poor and the elderly in every city where they could intervene with anything they judged as unfair or unjust in the eyes of Christ. Enserah did not fear Christians, although she knew any one of them would drive a stake through her heart if they were given the opportunity to cleanse her soul. Christians were perhaps only likely to have a violent streak when in the presence of a Nightwalker. Otherwise they followed the teachings of love and forgive your enemies. Honour the Lord God and His Son.
It seemed the Power of Christ was growing in the world. Perhaps as a result of the faith of his followers, but perhaps also as Christ was said to be the One and Only Son of the One Lord God. Greater in might than even Odin Lightning-Lord in his Magic of the Old Ways. There was little evidence that Christ’s Power was as infinite as that yet, in Kismeria at least, but the strength of symbols of Christ to ward against Nightwalkers seemed to increase with every passing year. Even looking at a crucifix on the komputah gave Enserah a throbbing headache: though for her mother it was a burning pain that Hayley swore left scars on her mind and took days to heal. With ordinary Nightwalkers, a Christian Priest holding up a large wooden crucifix and invoking the name of Christ could set the vampire victim on fire! In some cases, it was a fire that turned the Nightwalker to ashes in a matter of seconds. 
Enserah searched the archives until she scanned over a number of records prescribed as being prophecies of the Return of the Sons of Odin. She sat for a number of hours reading through the cryptic documents, trying to decipher their meaning. She noted two sentences that filled her with dread. 
‘Komputah, isolate prophecies 191 and 197 and display in blue.’
The words appeared floating in mid-air spanning the length of one of the shelves, sparkling blue energy that crackled and fizzed.

The Wolf will become blinded to the lure of corruption.
The Dragon will fall under the might of its own Shadow.

Both prophecies spoke of great danger to two of the Sons of Odin, the Blue Water Dragon, and the Black Shadow Wolf. Adem Highlander was the Water Dragon. That was common knowledge. Enserah’s fear was her mother’s words that Wil Martyr was known as the Wolf.


Chapter 6



Forsaken Ruler

Rodriel Tarz awaited the arrival of the Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor. He was anxious about that meeting. The White Snow Fox could be deadly against his position as ruler of the Forsaken. Word had reached his ears of the new decree, and although it gave many promises, he greatly feared what traps Jean Fairsythe may have devised within that scheme. Since the death of the Grey Bear—his former commander Alit’aren and the man who had been the real leader up until that time—Tarz had taken on all responsibility for the clans.
He sat reclined at a meeting table in one of the War Chambers built against the High Wall, the tallest and deepest of the barriers formed between the Green Border mountain ranges and the East Lands. Twelve of his appointed advisors were also present, all immortal Alit’aren of the Four Clans. There were in fact more than four immortal clans these days, but the Alit’aren Forsaken only recognised the original four that had existed during the Reign of Adem Highlander.
Jinn-Magic on teron and the curse upon terael had brought about the existence of various sub-species of immortal kin. The most feared of those were the Eva’Hahlen, also commonly known as Dark Elves. Eva’Hahlen were evolved from the Wood Elf clans, predominantly the Wood Kin and Archers of the Dremelden forests. They followed no appointed leader: they were nomads. Sometimes inhabiting great caves under mountains, though they preferred woodlands and forests as they were still closely tied in blood and spirit to the Old Gods of Trees and Earth. Dark Elves were expert hunters and trackers, as fleet footed as the Dremelden and every man and woman of their clans were exceptionally skilled at combat, but particularly archery. 
In the last three years Tarz had sought to gain an alliance with the Dark Elves, particularly as they shared the common bond of wielding Jinn-Magic. However, the Eva’Hahlen were different to most immortals, Jinn-Magic and the curse had corrupted their minds and souls to the point that it was questionable if anyone could trust them. They were forever at war with their Dremelden cousins, battling for dominance over the forests that remained in Kismeria. Blood feuds between those two clans were fierce, dating back almost as far as the Dawn of the Age of Chaos.
The Dark Elves had appeared quite quickly, as divisions began within the Dremelden clans, those that continued to wield the corrupted Angel-Magic, and those that wished to use only Jinn-Magic. Those divisions cost many lives of blood spilt over leaf and stone, and the former King of the Dremelden had demanded retribution, sparking the uprising known as the Wars of the Dark Archer-Clans. 
But the Dark Elves did not stop there. They began raiding farms and villages for animal stock and harvested grain. They slaughtered innocents of all Four Clans across the Free Lands, as rulers of every nation declared war on the Eva’Hahlen and joined their forces in an effort to eradicate them. That was when the Dark Elves discovered networks of caves where they could hide and hold positions through narrow passes where it was futile to follow even with an enormous force of warriors. The Dark Elves were left to breed and rebuild, often seeking peace with the other nations so that they might return to their forests without further conflict, but their lack of leadership always fell on deaf ears.
Their numbers were now so great however, they moved freely throughout the lands without opposition, so long as they traded for food and kept the peace. The blood feuds still ran deep between the Dark Elves and the Dremelden, that and their hunger for living amongst the Great Trees. Tarz had sought their help in fighting on the Green Border because he feared he would otherwise be commanded to wipe out the Eva’Hahlen. His Forsaken were the only clan large enough in the Free Lands, the Forsaken being the sixth clan of the new sub-species of immortals. Forsaken had mixed their bloodlines with mortals for the last millennia, which in some ways meant they were weaker than the Dark Elves despite their numbers.
Tarz glanced at the portable tablet screen on the meeting table, a steel framed crystal display with which he could access Komputah. The device was vital for many reasons, recording metallurgy for weapons and engineering of stone and steel defences, battle histories and histories of the nations, along with many other advantages his people had gained since the komputah was created.
‘How many days until they arrive?’ Tarz asked his fellow commanders, who also looked at portable displays with reports from the Forsaken camp within the East Lands.
‘At least another five days if they push the horses hard,’ replied Captain Jen. A tall green eyed Torvellen with jet black short spiked hair, and a single thin braid falling down his back, tied with a blue bead. Jen’s story stretched back to the days of Rayne Dragon-Sword’s rise and fall within Kismeria. He had been a simple farmer in those days. When war ravaged lands forced him to move to the safety of a city where he was recruited as a Shadow Wolf Captain of the Guard for his evident skills at combat. He descended from a long line of captains and generals, though before he was recruited, he had sought the peace of the farmer’s life with his wife and soon to be born daughter, Kiera. ‘Reports say they will move swiftly to arrive in short order, though I must say that I have fears of further attacks while they remain in camp.’
‘The camp will suffice to sustain them,’ Tarz replied.
‘Yes, but they will draw enemies to them like bees to honey,’ Jen interrupted. He was never afraid to state his opinion. ‘The longer they remain in the East Lands; the further we risk the camp’s defenders tenfold!’
‘I do not think you will be so pleased to face the wrath of Jean Fairsythe when she finally arrives,’ Tarz said. ‘If we can delay that arrival by not pressing their departure, I for one will be glad of it.’
‘I give you my expert counsel all the same, Lord Tarz.’
‘It is duly noted, Jen Terendel. Now, let us prepare for what we will say when they do arrive. Komputah, display the new decree set forth by Jean Fairsythe, every detail in bright blue on black.’ The words of the decree appeared floating in the air above the table with optimized viewing. Particularly for Tarz as he had given the order. Again, when Tarz read those words carefully, at first, he liked what he saw. But his nervousness forced him to pick apart every word to try to spell out what traps may lay in wait for him and his people. ‘Komputah: read the decree at volume level seven using the voice of Jean Fairsythe.’ Komputah responded in the exact voice and tones of the White Snow Fox as details of the decree were amplified to the audience. It was a recording of Jean’s voice when she had instructed the new decree to be created using another tablet in the East Land Forsaken camp.
The White Snow Fox enlists Lord General Tarz as Captain Commander of her armies to bring peace and unification to the Free Lands.
Lord Tarz will answer directly to the Daughter of Thor for any mistakes in the proceedings of restoring order.
The White Snow Fox places all authority of the Saviours in the capable hands of General Tarz.
The Forsaken army, under the command of Rodriel Tarz, will compel the people of the Free Lands to end civil war and other unrest by means of negotiation and a show of force before it ever becomes necessary to exert that force.
The Forsaken armies will provide subsidised elykrario stones from their mines to distribute amongst the Free Landers to ensure the corruption of Jinn-Magic may be diminished while it is still necessary to wield the Jinn Arts.

That point irked Tarz to no end. Jean had obviously discovered the source of the Forsaken wealth was their trade for elykrario with the rest of the lands. Depending on the level of subsidy, this could bring ruin to his finances. He wondered if that was the reason why she had chosen him as her commander.

The White Snow Fox will require Lord Tarz to exhibit strict punishments against any who fail to follow the orders of the decree.
Any who are found guilty of such crimes will be cleansed of ever wielding Angel-Magic again, by order of the White Snow Fox or her Commander General.

That was another clever use of wording Tarz realised. He recognized the trap within, that if Jean decided Tarz had broken the decree, it would be Jean’s right to exercise such punishments. Jean would also no doubt still wish for vengeance over the murder of Ael Tarael during the old Reign of the Saviours. As well as retribution for men like Tarz breaking the oaths of her first decree to banish male wielding of Angel-Magic as well as her second, to outlaw wielding Jinn-Magic. If the Snow Fox could provide proof of any of these, the easiest being his defiance of her old decrees, she would likely order a sentence as sure as death itself.

*** 

Elarja RinHannen rode his tall white horse through the smoke and floating ash towards the High Wall on the Green Border. Behind him rode a host of the First and Second Generation of the Children of Odin. Each of them had exceptional gifts granted to them at birth. On the same night as, the great lightning storm that signalled the birth of Pendral Dragon-Sword in the First, and his son Rayne in the Second Generation. The storms were known as Odin’s Awakening and Odin’s Return, Rayne’s being the latter known as the Return.
The lovely blond-haired immortal woman Rievenna Light-Bow moved her grey mare up alongside Elarja’s horse. They both gazed up at the towers and walkways of the structures that massed on the west side of the Wall. It was early evening, but no lights glowed in the towers or windows of other structures. That was one of the things that immediately did not seem right to them.
‘Are we in the wrong time again?’ Rievenna asked. The woman had been a close companion of Rayne’s during his early adulthood. Elarja had recruited the woman soon after the Fall of Rayne. She had loved Rayne dearly, and as an immortal that meant she had never chosen another partner since the loss of her beloved. Rievenna nearly always wore a grim crooked smile with large blue eyes glowing with sadness since those days. She had never forgotten the boy she had placed so much hope in.
‘It seems the Time Stones and the Rift are still not synchronising,’ Elarja replied. ‘I fear this may be a future of ill fate.’ Elarja had journeyed with his companions through the timelines ever since Rayne was lost to the world. The problem was that the Time Stones were malfunctioning. They never took him to the right place, or the right time. A ‘future of ill fate’ was a potential future that he visited ahead of present time where things turned out worse than he could have hoped.
—A jet black sleek shadow charged out of the red and grey haze, a Nymloc running on all fours like a hound. Fang shaped crimson eyes glowing like hot coals. Nymloc were long limbed muscular demons, usually with bull’s or ram’s horns. This one had the pointed ribbed horns of a goat, however. It crossed the distance and was about to close with Elarja’s horse. Rievenna unleashed a flurry of golden arrows from her gold and silver worked bow, setting the dark flesh alight. The demon wailed on the earth in agony before it exploded into ashes.
The rest of his companions were on the alert now. Growls of more demons echoed from the shadows. Suddenly a horde of Jacoulra were pounding their heavy hooves through a swirl of dust. Thick bulky bodied black skinned demons with the similar ram shaped black skulls like Nymloc, bull or twisted ram horns with long sleek eyes like large seeds that glowed in a variety of colours for each demon. 
Flares of light and energies flew from the weapons of his companions that rode horses on his flanks and further behind. Spears unleashing blue lightning. Bows firing arrows of coloured flame. Energies struck the advancing demons and burnt holes through chests. Bodies began to collapse and melt like folds of dark tar. Hamuko summoned his Hounds. Massive grey skinned dogs appeared out of the air to charge and bite and claw savagely at demon flesh. Brealda unleashed her Stone Spears from the skies. Grey javelins falling to plant blade down in the earth as green flames erupted to strip demon flesh from bones. 
He had eleven companions, all of them Children of Odin. He had chosen them because none of them would be hunted by Calliach the Angel of Death, as they had been recruited before any of their natural deaths had been recorded. A natural death for an immortal was usually still dying in battle. But Elarja had seen this option to recruit as better than rescuing nearly dead Heroes from the past, who would then be hunted by Calliach. Making his adventures much more difficult. 
The demon horde was wiped out by the strength and abilities of his companions. Hounds growling as they crushed demon thigh bones and skulls in their jaws. Elarja did not raise a hand in his own defence. He trusted his followers to uphold their honour by protecting him. They rode closer to the stone defences and moved along the ruined and in some places burning walls. Elarja spotted a single torch light glowing in one of the walkway windows. His immortal vision noted a single man of half mortal half Nordic blood. A grey moustache and dark eyes staring out under his steel Alit’aren Guard helmet. ‘I give you greeting, lone warrior!’ Elarja shouted to the man. ‘Where are the Wolf Guard, the Alit’aren, where is everyone?’
‘Give your name so that I may decide whether to descend!’ the man shouted. Elarja could see a heavy door of metal alloys barring his passage to the walkway staircase, and although Angel-Magic would suffice to break it down, Elarja did not want to frighten the man.
‘My name is Telgrol Ardoshi,’ Elarja shouted to the soldier. ‘I am a former Librarian of Nordhel.’ Elarja used many names and disguises when travelling the past and future, but today he wore the dark eyes and hair with tan skin of a disguise that had mostly worked for him in the former days of the Saviours. His armour and weapons were hidden beneath a plain brown robe of Illusion-Magic worked with the sigils of the former Librarian Guild of Nordhel.
‘What good is a librarian to me?’ the man shouted. ‘Though, I have noted the skills of your companions. They wield the pure forms of Angel-Magic, so they must be Children of Odin.’
‘That is truth, as you speak it,’ Elarja replied. ‘I come seeking information for the royal records. King Turin has assigned to me the task to survey this area and report back on the situation. What has occurred here?’
‘I doubt your words, librarian! But I am without hope, and I believe you to be a friend, so I will impart my tale. Three years following the return of the Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor, the Ragnarök Battle had begun.’ That gave Elarja an approximate idea of what year he had arrived at. He had intended to reach the East Land Forsaken camp, early on during the new arrival of the Saviours. He was at least three years too far ahead in time. He feared greatly what this tale would tell, but knowing the potential future was always an advantage in his view. ‘Three years, and the demons began to pour out of the East Lands, striking against our High Wall and the other defences of the Green Border. Our Alit’aren were strong in their defences, but the demon hordes were too massive. They overwhelmed us! Death and torment, torture, and blood! Then the Souljhin came. Invading our keeps and strongholds from the shadows. Moving in like Death himself as they stealthily crept and slid in waves of carnage.
‘The Alit’aren numbers were also greatly diminished by then, as many had sacrificed themselves to attack behind enemy lines, but they were also routed and destroyed, though their honour was great. Soon even the Sons and Daughter were outnumbered and surrounded. Closed in a small chamber where the Souljhin moved in like wolves to pick at the scraps! I survived only by hiding under the fallen bodies of my comrades. I waited for days until the growls of demons had subsided before showing my face to the shadows.’
‘Where are the Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor?’ Elarja asked with restrained horror.
‘They are dead! All are dead! I am all that remains, though I too shall exert my own death very soon. By spilling my own blood to redeem honour for my cowardice. Though if truth be told, the Sons and Daughter had been cut by Souljhin blades long before I hid myself in shame and defeat.’
Elarja wanted to scream in terror and outrage! Not for the soldier’s lack of courage, but for the news that in this future of ill fate, the worst possible outcome had occurred. 
‘Why did Komputah not warn you of the Souljhin invasion?’
‘Komputah failed us! I fear Jinn-Magic may have corrupted his programming, but I am not wise in such matters.’ Elarja considered his words very wise, however. Elarja had never considered that the form of Angel-Magic used to create Komputah could be corrupted.
‘Where is the demon army now?’ Elarja called to the soldier.
‘The bulk of their hordes crossed the Green Border seven days gone. They are likely now turning the farmlands and villages into barren wastelands. Soon the Jinn-Lord will rise again. All will be lost.’ Elarja watched as the soldier raised a long hunting knife as if he were about to strike himself in the stomach. 
‘Wait! Warrior of the Forsaken, do not take your own life!’ Elarja shouted.
‘What honour is there in living?’
‘What if I could offer you a chance to redeem your honour, and still live?’
‘How could such a thing be possible?’ the man’s doubt was blatant.
Elarja revealed his true form: shining emerald eyes and jet-black spiked hair, his shining emerald armour and twin sword hilts rising above his shoulders.
‘I am Elarja RinHannen. Time Strider and son of Rodin Cloud-Walker, First King of the Nordics. I offer you the chance to join me. Aid me with your knowledge of this battle and the events that unfolded. Your knowledge is precious to me. You may regain great honour before the Great Angels if you accept!’ Elarja’s cry was almost desperate. He needed this man’s information. It was perhaps vital to discovering a way to alter these events from occurring. 
‘I see that you are the true Nordic King!’ shouted the man. ‘Perhaps your path will lead me to regain my honour, for that is more important to me than life itself. Even though I chose life over honour when it mattered most.’
‘What is your name, soldier?’
‘I am called Satiel Bellson. I was amongst the High Guard of the Wolf that served to protect Lord Tarz. May his name be remembered in the Great Songs.’
‘Then open your gates, Satiel Bellson of the Wolf High Guard. You may yet have your chance to save the Saviours.’
‘Where are we going now?’ Rievenna asked as Satiel descended the staircase and unlocked the gate. Some of his companions joined the Wolf Guard to secure supplies before departure. 
‘A change of plans,’ Elarja explained. ‘We’re going to go and pick up an old friend. I imagine you will be particularly joyous to be reunited with him.’
‘You mean Rayne?’ Rievenna’s eyes lit up with elation as Elarja nodded in reply. The woman’s own smile returned to the beauty Elarja recalled of her youth in those days. Choosing to recruit Rayne Dragon-Sword was a great risk, with great costs measured within that decision, but it was a risk he had to take.
‘I did not foresee this,’ Rievenna said with a grin of delight, her eyes sparkling like blue gems.
‘Yes, but in another life, you may have. The Rift grows stronger every day.’
When his men had returned Elarja asked Satiel, ‘Why did the Saviours not escape via Portal-Magic when they knew they were outmatched?’
‘The Portal-Spells would not open, Lord Elarja!’ Satiel stammered with grief. ‘I fear it was the work of Komputah.’
That news filled Elarja with deeply grave concerns. He was aware from his journeys through time that a new form of Portal-Magic would be discovered by Carl Wilder via Jinn-Magic. If Komputah truly had become compromised, it might explain why the Time Stones kept taking him to the wrong time and location. The Rift and Jinn-Magic had been his only theory at first. But Komputah may have obtained a means of spreading his influence over all of time itself, stretching back as far as the Dawn of Ages. His greatest concern was that Komputah could never be stopped by any method he could conceive. Komputah was everywhere; there was no way to shut him down. The system had been created to preserve knowledge, but also to act as a network of spies for the world to combat the ever-growing knowledge of the Jinn-Lord. However, if Komputah had become susceptible to Jinn-Magic on teron, he would become a willing servant of Jinn-Fendinn.


Chapter 7



Souljhin Raid

Adem was woken by the sound of an old church bell, the tolls repeating clearly and faster than anyone could swing such a large device even if one existed here in the Forsaken camp. In a dazed state he realised it was an alarm. Komputah was sounding out a warning of an attack on the camp! He threw back the sheets as Jean sat forwards rubbing her eyes. Alertness soon took over her visage. They leapt from the bed and began to dress in the dark garb and armour of the ghoda’sidhe. An Aldebrand posted at the tent door looked in to confirm they had been surprised by a sudden and large scale Souljhin raid!
Sei’vani rushed into the tent to assist Adem and Jean with their armour and weapons. Aldebrands and Alit’aren closed in around the tent to form a barrier in case the Souljhin chose them as a primary target. Adem wasn’t certain yet whether that was the intention of the Shadow, or whether this was merely another attempt by Fendinn to force the Saviours to wield Jinn-Magic. He remembered the numerous times High-Servants had told him it was the Jinn-Lord’s plan to turn the Sons of Odin to the side of evil, as it was a part of the Dark Prophecies, and perhaps a necessary plot in Jinn-Fendinn’s hopes of victory. 
—A Souljhin assassin sliced an entrance in the side of the tent, dark cloak flowing as it slithered forwards with a red blade raised. Adem reacted instinctively, using his thought into matter manipulation to create his own assassin standing behind the Souljhin. A tall Jade Warrior in glowing emerald samurai armour: large round samurai style travelling hat and black metal mengu mask covering his face below the eyes. The Warrior clutched the Souljhin by the chest, pulling it close as the demon-man struggled helplessly in the grasp of its captor. Emerald blade of light slid horizontal to slit the throat of the Souljhin so fast it severed the pale skull from its neck! The skull fell in a spurt of dark blood: seed black eyes of menace glaring for vengeance. 
Adem was handed his new sword. The katana style blade glowed emerald green rather than aqua fire like his original. The sword was gifted by an Alit’aren named Ekellen, who was then forced to wield a blade of simply forged steel, due to the lack of enchanted blades available. Adem was appreciative of the sacrifice. Jean wielded a dark Lukrorian Bow, capable of wielding arrows of Hellfire as well as an enchanted blade at her waist that glowed bright amber. 
The important fact was that Adem had been able to bond Arawn with his new sword as a Resting Point. Jean was able to coerce Tanriel to also join with her bow via the kigare. Already the two Battle Angels had recovered some of their old abilities while being joined to the spirits of the Water Dragon and the Snow Fox. Dis Pater and Math Mathonwy were housed within Resting Point weapons owned by Carl and Wil. They would have some increased capacity to protect the Saviours once unleashed, though Adem thought it better to allow them to rest until it became vital to implement such powers. 
They marched from the tent to see the chaos of battle unfold. Alit’aren and Ael Tarael fought with hundreds of Souljhin. In most cases dozens of the Forsaken fighters surrounded one or two Souljhin. Dark cloaks and blood red blades glowing in the night. Agnars sought a moment to intercept the expert defences of the Swordsmen of the Shadow.
In other parts of the camp it was a Souljhin for every two men or women. The battle moving with speeds that blurred to the eyes as warriors used the sword forms for attack and defence. Mostly defending their ground as they waited for reinforcements to surround their attacker. Others were already wielding Jinn-Magic to assist their own survival and to uphold their honour in the face of defeat. Dark blood-red energies were hurled at the Souljhin riders that thundered through camp with blades swinging to cut down distracted swordsmen with backs turned. Souljhin were thrown from horseback under the assault of Jinn-Magic. Others showed immunity to its effects, similar to their resistance to Angel-Magic. Even if blasts of Hellfire were enough to dismount a rider, the energies were not sufficient to seriously wound the assassins. They regained their feet with blades swinging in circles like red adders as dark garbed warriors fought back: trying to keep out of reach of Jinn-Magic steel. Then there were moments when a Souljhin faltered in its sword forms. At that moment, a host of Forsaken moved in with swift hacking motions to cut the creature into bleeding chunks! 
These images flashed before Adem’s eyes in the moments he emerged from the tent. Both Adem and Jean began to wield Jinn-Magic to try to create some order within chaos. Adem targeted the riders first, their horses were a substantial nuisance while charging through camp. He cut down those he could see with Golden Soldiers, over thirty of the robotic Golden Samurai looking Wardens. Rising from the soil to slice through the legs and bodies of Shadow Horses with glowing red katana. Horses buckled and collapsed as the beams of light tore through their flesh. Riders falling by the dozen all over camp. Alit’aren and Ael Tarael moved in, to stab and strike at the fallen Souljhin before they could recover. 
Adem’s lasers required neither Jinn-Magic nor Angel-Magic. It was simply his matter manipulation that drained some of his ki’mera stores but was a Magic all of its own. Even Shadow Horses provided some ki’mera orbs that flowed to Adem’s form to replenish his already spent stores of demon souls. Ki’mera also charged up the ability of his Battle Angel. Arawn began to grow and glow within Adem’s mind as his Resting Point became stronger and more powerful with every soul. At the same time Adem launched Hellfire Javelins to strike through the chests of more Souljhin fighting on the ground. Javelins falling from the skies on an angle to pierce through the dark and often impenetrable armour. Hellfire combined with the laser light of matter manipulation that was more effective at wounding or slowing down his enemies.
Jean created a unique style of Spirit Warden via Jinn-Magic. Forty Hellfire Angels wielding Flame Spears. They fought in a new style, soaring on red wings to strike blows horizontally along the battleground as they moved in flashes of crimson. Slicing through Souljhin bodies in similar style to a Battle Angel air attack. Other times Jean’s Spirit Wardens fought in stylised spear forms against one of the Shadow Swordsmen to distract the creature. While Alit’aren blades and Ael Tarael spears punched through the back, legs, arms, and neck of the demon-men. Blades cutting precise points as blood sprayed in darkness. The enemy began to fall in greater numbers. 
Shienden would be of little use in this battle, as the enemy were already infiltrating the heart of their defences. Dragon-Flame would wipe out more of his own warriors than the enemy if he summoned the dragon to attack. Despite this he used his mind to order Shienden to fly around the camp and scout for any further signs of demon ambush. If he found any, he was ordered to wipe them out with Dragon-Flame and unrestrained rage! He heard the roar of the massive lizard creature as he soared through the dark clouded skies in search of prey. He caught no sign of the great wings or sweeping tail, despite being able to sense his approximate location.
Suddenly an intense lightning-bolt fell from the sky. Red flames bubbled from the earth within the circle surrounding the strike. Adem watched in horror at the return of Balor, seeming taller than the last time they saw him. In crimson armour and wielding that glowing red battle axe. Another shock was the crimson wings that flamed on either side of the Shadow Angel’s form. Balor soared into the sky at the same moment that Jean shouted, ‘Tanriel!’
Balor hurled a crimson bolt at Adem and Jean. Adem shouted, ‘Arawn!’ Tanriel’s Shield-Domes locked down around them to block the bolt that struck like a burning red claw. The bolts shuddered down the sides of the Shield-Spells. Clutching dark garbed Forsaken: warriors dying in blasts of flames and ashes.
Tanriel stood beside Jean with Arawn to Adem’s right. The two Battle Angels still not showing any ability of flight as they raised their crimson weapons. Sword and Flame Spear shining with a hint of newly achieved power. Another bolt flew from Balor in the sky. Tearing through the heart of the camp to rupture into walls of flame: scorching hundreds of warriors crying out in agony and dishonour. The next attack was Shield-Blocked by Tanriel. Arawn raised his sword to unleash a bar of red flame that struck the red winged figure of Balor amongst the black clouds above.
To Adem’s delight the strike had some effect. Balor staggered mid-air before plummeting back to earth: striking ground with a loud thud. Fire burst around his point of impact. Forsaken and Souljhin falling in sprays of blood and blasted limbs. Suddenly Carl and Wil were by his side as they cried out the names, ‘Dis Pater!’ and ‘Math Mathonwy!’
Balor regained his feet as Dis Pater surged forwards. Tall, dark, and thick muscled, his golden axe struck down upon the helmet of his opponent. Red and gold sparks flew in jagged bolts as the two locked blades! Math Mathonwy appeared behind Balor. Planting Hellfire Spear into the blood-red armour of the Shadow Angel. Flames erupted from Balor’s form, blasting Math and Dis Pater flying! Blazing red and golden wings flared behind them to restrain their flight: set them back on solid ground. The wings vanished a moment later. Forging with the light of their weapons. Seeing them at all gave Adem some sense of hope!
Tanriel leapt over ten feet high as her Flame Spear sizzled with blue lightning. She hurled the weapon on a downwards angle: striking ground in a blast of energies at Balor’s feet. Aqua conflagrations surged around the Shadow Angel’s form, yet this seemed to simply ignite Balor’s rage. Shadow Wolves appeared out of thin air! At least a hundred of the beasts standing almost as tall as Math’s Shadow Hounds. Balor’s Wardens immediately began to tear down Forsaken warriors in their path. Crushing flesh and bone in powerful jaws or shredding through armour with razor sharp claws.
At the same moment, Adem felt the four Battle Angels form a Link. Lightning flared in the sky! Horizontal flares of emerald, aqua, crimson and gold: winding through the clouds like arms of Ancient Gods! It was not the more impressive vertical lightning storm amidst a grey vortex, but Adem sensed the emotions of his companions more clearly as that lightning began to pulse. He also sensed a growth in the strength of his Battle Angel. His Brothers and Sister. Balor was about to be seriously outmatched!
Shadow Hounds appeared from the form of Math Mathonwy, at least two dozen of the massive dark-skinned beasts. Dozens of Arawn’s Lions appeared. Charging to do battle with the closest of Balor’s Wolves. Others formed a protective circle around Adem and his companions. Wardens against the threat of more Wolves that made it past their defences. Tanriel leapt over thirty feet into the sky. Hurling a Flame Spear that split to become thirty crimson shafts: piercing Souljhin armour with precision. Red lightning burst from the weapons, vaporized flesh: glowing bones collapsing in piles! 
She hurled another strike from that height. A hundred Flame Spears took down the remaining bulk of Souljhin still fighting within the camp, as well as nearly half the Shadow Wolves that had been causing bloodshed on a massive scale up to that point.  Dis Pater, Math and Arawn charged Balor from three sides. Their weapons striking the Shadow Angel in unison as brilliant burning lights flared. Lightning erupting as the flames tore into the skies.
When the flames subsided, Balor was seen returning to the earth in a pit of golden-orange flames. Bubbling magma flowing then receding to a glowing red circle. A scattering of Souljhin remained standing that were rushed by dozens of Forsaken Agnars. Slicing through flesh and bone. Shadow Swordsmen fell under the weight of newly found courage and restored honour. There would be no shame amongst them to be so greatly defended by the Saviours and their Battle Angels. So desperate an act by the Shadow had to be met with equal force, and although these warriors would have won this battle if it was left up to their honour, it would have cost more lives than Adem was willing to accept.
So, it is true then, Adem thought in grim reluctance. I have to kill Balor and will likely have to face other Shadow Angels in the grip of madness and evil intent. 
He heard Arawn reply to his mind, and he gazed across at the shadow cloaked form of his Battle Angel as Arawn stared back. Human eyes, a pale face, dark beard, and moustache with mask removed. He too appeared a little taller than the first time Adem had seen him appear in this Age. Was the strength of spirit of the Saviours restoring the Battle Angels to their former Magics? You may have to face us all in battle someday, Son of Odin. To see our Brother corrupted so is a pain to our hearts, yet in time, we may all fall victim to the curse of the High-Jinn. Know that if it becomes necessary for you to take my life, I will consider it an honour if you would stop me from doing harm against the innocent and against warriors that serve the All-Father. 
But know this also, the strength of the Battle Angels is not entirely lost, and you will face a great challenge to attempt to undo any one of us, let alone us all. Adem watched as red flames glowed within the dark eyes of his Battle Angel at those final words. He sent his brief reply. I acknowledge and thank you for your wise counsel. I truly hope that day never comes to pass.
Arawn sent a final message before returning to Adem’s blade. I cannot guarantee that fate will be considerate of such hopes, Son of Odin.


***

Rayne Dragon-Sword, son of Pendral and grandson of Adem Highlander, walked slowly through the hallways of a large manor house: two Aldebrands flanking his strides. They were preparing to leave for the biggest confrontation he would ever face. A battle against demons in the hundreds of thousands along the High Wall of the Green Border. Most of his forces were already gathering along the Border, but Rayne had taken time out to rest and recover from another battle not long past, where he suffered serious wounds that required the expert Healing-Magic of a gifted Ael Tarael.
Rayne carried his grandfather’s blue Lukrorian Bow and blue glowing blade sheathed at his belt. Wearing dark armour similar to the Forsaken, studded with elykrario crystals to absorb the energies of Jinn-Magic. Rayne had been forced to wield that cursed form of Angel-Magic many times during his battles against the Shadow. He knew there would be more times when it was necessary, so he equipped himself in the best ways possible.
He had not seen his father Pendral for decades. But the two of them had formed a special bond once reunited, when his father emerged from hiding from the world, as he had done for most of Rayne’s early life. His father was a dangerous man. The corruption on Angel-Magic flowed through him and seemed to emanate from his very soul as if he drank cups of Jinn-Magic with his morning coffee. Over the years Rayne noticed the serious changes in his father’s temperament. As if the Jinn-Lord was closing his grip on Pendral’s resistance. Rayne had to trust the man, however. Pendral was formerly the only great power in the world capable of standing against Jinn-Fendinn, Rayne now being considered worldwide as the second.
Rayne had many of the Children of Odin gathered at the manor. He kept those he had recruited closest to him at all times. Most of them now guarding hallways that he passed through. Or watching the fields around the manor from the porch, balconies, or rooftop. He was stopped in sudden surprise when the one Child of Odin he had specifically sent away from him was seen crossing the hallway ahead of him. Rievenna stopped mid-way, turned to face him, with another man in a hooded robe moving up beside her as they approached him at an even pace.
‘Rievenna, what are you doing here?’
‘There’s not much time to explain, Lord Dragon-Sword,’ Rievenna replied in a calm tone, though Rayne immediately also noted the strain on her face, a deep sadness that seemed to make her tremble with anxiety. It was then that he realised the identity of her companion. The man looking up from his hood to expose the face of one of Elarja RinHannen’s clever disguises of Illusion-Magic. ‘We must speak with you alone, Highlander,’ Elarja said in a slightly altered tone from his actual voice. The family name Highlander was also something rarely used by anyone when addressing Rayne. Dragon-Sword was his title, for his link to the great dragon Shienden, that currently flew through the clouds above the manor house. As well as the power that flowed through the veins of the son and grandson of Adem Highlander.
Rayne sent the guards away and was about to offer a room to talk when Elarja clutched Rayne by the wrist and said, ‘You must come with us, now!’
Rayne felt caution creep over him, as he insisted, ‘Show me your true face, so that I may know that I can trust your words.’ A twist of the Illusion-Magic revealed Elarja’s emerald eyes and dark hair beneath the cowl, as the man hunched over him whispering, ‘Your mission is now over! I have seen the future, and it is bad. I cannot disclose all knowledge at this point in time. But know that if you go to meet your father, you will surely die. I come to you now to alter events of the past. I am not the Elarja you know from this time. I have journeyed much longer throughout time. Into the distant time known as the real present, and even to the future beyond then. 
‘Few could understand this as you do, Rayne, but I must at this point insist on the urgency to take you away from your fate. This battle that you plan to go to, will be known as the Fall of Rayne. You will not succeed in your aims. You will fail badly. Up until a recent journey to the future I have seen no reason to intervene in this sad part of history, and your beloved Rievenna has been loath to exist without you by her side all of that time. 
‘I offer you now a chance to live on past your own fated demise. You will join me and assist me to solve a number of riddles that may bring about victory in the Ragnarök Battle, where you will likely get to meet your grandfather. I cannot tell you more, but you must come with me now. 
‘It is a matter upon which the fate of the world is reliant.’ 
Rayne was dumbfounded by Elarja’s words. He looked to Rievenna to see the truth in her eyes when Elarja told of Rayne’s death. His need was to try anyway. To do all he could in this battle to hold back the demons with everything he was capable of, but he understood now that it was also futile.
‘Are you telling me my father will betray me?’
‘There is no time for such talk! But yes, your father has fallen under the Will of the Shadow! I cannot alter those events. Much as I may wish to. My hope is that by saving you we may create a great enough shift in the timeline to dramatically change the path of fate.’
‘What will befall my people who march to this battle in my stead?’
‘I dread to think how many lives may be lost by this decision, Rayne. I have weighed the risk against need. It must be this way!’
‘Can I bring Shienden?’
‘No!’ Elarja snapped. ‘His place is here. He will still fight on the Green Border and play his part. If you wish for companions, you may bring seven of your Children of Odin. No more than seven! But be quick about it!’
Rayne was then leading his two closest friends down the hallways to search out those seven who he considered to be of greatest value. Today he had learnt that he was about to die, and today he also knew that he was going to live. The thing that disturbed him most were words Elarja had spoken long ago about making changes such as this. About the fact that Calliach the Angel of Death would be hunting him forever after, throughout time, and throughout space. Death would never stop hunting his prey.


Chapter 8


Time to Decide

Jean marched into the meeting hall where Tarz and his advisors were gathered. Adem, Carl and Wil followed close behind, the four of them spreading across the open doorway of the hall. Tarz locked eyes with Adem, then Jean. She saw the caution in those eyes, despite the stone-faced visage typical of Alit’aren. She also saw the extent of wielding Jinn-Magic for the last thousand years. Evident in Tarz’s eyes like crackling dark menace. Strained lines that formed across his brow despite his efforts to remain calm.
Corruption was eating away at their very souls. They struggled with it every day to contain the evil that grew in the darkness of their hearts. It was evident in the eyes and expressions of every Alit’aren in the room. There were no Ael Tarael present, predictably sexist of Tarz. Perhaps also a method of avoiding the topic of Jean’s old promise. Retribution for the murder of female wielders at the dawn of the Age. 
Tarz and his men gave deep bows, Tarz speaking first, saying, ‘Welcome, Sons of Odin and Daughter of Thor. It has been long since your departure from our world. You have been sorely missed. Let me be the first to say, that the changes to our culture during the last millennium has always been judged necessary. Even when making choices that may have conflicted with the Law of the Saviours.’ Jean resisted a grin at that confession. Evidently Tarz was seeking to appease her with an early admission of guilt on his part and that of his people. Yet in truth, every wielder across the Free Lands was guilty of breaking either her original decree, or that of outlawing studies in the Jinn Arts. If she were to inflict punishment, and still be truly just in her ruling, she would need to punish the entire world of both male and female wielders to enforce justice while saving face at the same time. She grimaced at the very idea.
‘Lord Tarz, you have no doubt read the new decree?’ Jean asked. 
‘I have studied it in detail, Snow Fox,’ Tarz replied, no doubt using her ‘Fox’ title to emphasize his awareness of sly traps hidden within her decree. And there were traps there, many hiding in plain sight, but that was not the real reason for making Tarz Captain General Commander of her Snow Fox Army. The real reason was because she saw no other option but to recruit the most formidable force in the entire Free Lands. The Forsaken were potentially unstoppable. She would use that to her every advantage to bring peace and unite her armies to prepare for the Ragnarök Battle.
Adem stood there with an anxious expression until Tarz offered them all a seat. Adem seemed to feel the weight of his authority being swept out from under him by Jean’s decree. That was of course, another reason she had chosen Tarz. Because the man would’ve posed as a lap dog for Adem, when in fact Tarz would’ve worked his manipulations against the Sons of Odin and their ruling at every possible moment of perceived doubt or weakness. Jean would not let that happen. She would keep Tarz on a tight leash!
When they were seated around the large, polished wood meeting table, Jean began to converse with Tarz about all manner of relevant issues. Weaponry, war machines, supplies throughout the Green Border. Horses, grain, and animal stock for surviving harsh winters. She pressed him for every detail to better understand the situation they faced. She was not surprised that Tarz was so well prepared for war and famine. She already knew of his wealth and also knew he was a calculating ruler with a strong sense of obligation and honour. The question that kept bugging her was whether he truly served the All-Father, or that he might in fact be a Shadow Wolf leading lambs to the slaughter.
When Jean had finished her interrogation, Adem began his questions. He asked Tarz about the Jinn Arts, the loss of Angel-Magic in the last three years and the fading Magic of the Great Angels. Tarz’s explanations were insightful, yet he had no grounded theories on how Angel-Magic itself could be withheld from the grasp of every wielder in the Free Lands. ‘Even the Jinn-Lord would find it difficult to restrict such immense forces from our reach,’ he said. ‘Although he succeeds to siphon away the strength of the Battle Angels and use it towards his escape from Kerak’Otozi, I do not see how he could use that strength to wipe out our contact with Angel-Magic.’
‘He has obviously grown very strong via this theft of Great Angel Magic,’ Carl offered. ‘Do you not suppose that his growing corruption over the male and female halves of Angel-Magic could support his efforts to restrict wielding entirely?’
‘That seems the only likely explanation,’ Tarz admitted, ‘yet as I already explained, it would be like Jinn-Fendinn reaching out to tear down the moon and the stars. It would require such vast stores of Angel-Magic and Jinn-Magic, that if Jinn-Fendinn were solely responsible, he would already be free from his prison and would be waging war against the Lord God within the Heavens. It would mean the end of time and space, the end of everything.’ Jean noted that Tarz was surprisingly calm while explaining this matter, though she gave him the benefit of the doubt, that perhaps he was calm because he did not believe it was possible, yet.
‘These patrols you send to the East Lands,’ Jean began a new tactic. ‘How can you send sei’vani women and children into those lands? Even in such large camps surrounded by warrior men and women?’
‘The Forsaken are a proud and hardened people,’ Tarz replied. ‘I could not order them to leave their families and servants behind. The sei’vani and the children would refuse to be separated from their kin and would lose honour to not be allowed to face the harshness of those lands. Know that it has been this way for over nine hundred years. 
‘The blood of the Forsaken has grown rich against the decay and thirst of the East Lands, their flesh has grown hard in those barren wastes. They have become almost invincible warriors in their constant combat with the demons of that place. You must first understand our honour and its place in our society before you may judge me or my advisors for allowing such practices.
‘Secondly, the camps and their scouting missions are necessary to maintain the safety of the Green Border and the entire Free Land peoples. Those massive forces of Forsaken warriors often also go on raids against the demon armies of those lands. Striking hard against the growing numbers of enemy hordes, greatly reducing their number, sometimes wiping out entire legions.
‘Again, this is a matter of great importance in accordance with the honour of my people. They would not have it any other way.’ 
‘The scouting party that rescued us was only three hundred riders strong,’ Jean rebuffed his claims with a flash of pearl white teeth. ‘Surely that is stretching their honour too far, that they might become a sacrifice for ravenous demons. How can you justify sending such small parties so close to Kerak’Otozi? If they were surrounded, they would be helpless against a sizable demon horde, and that region must be crawling with them!’
‘Three hundred Forsaken warriors are far from helpless,’ Tarz replied with a hard-dark eyed stare.
‘Yet our rescue party was barely able to escape the traps of the Rahkwel that herded us within the Goblin City!’ Jean was close to shouting. ‘If not for Shienden and the limited abilities of our Battle Angels, all would have perished. Not to mention the lives we did lose!’
‘They died with great honour to protect the Saviours,’ Tarz said with restrained agitation. ‘Furthermore, your rescue party was pursued with such vigour most likely because Jinn-Fendinn was aware of your presence. Whatever schemes He has in wait for the Sons and Daughter, He would seek to take the four of you out of the picture if He had the chance.’ Jean’s countenance must have flickered with stunned caution at the certainty of Tarz’s claims. It could almost be suggested that Tarz had intimate understanding of Jinn-Fendinn and His plans, but she would not accuse him here and now. She would bide her time, wait for the right moment to strike.
Then it was Adem’s turn to ask a question again, and Jean knew only too well what it would be. ‘What of Isabelle, and my son?’
Tarz’s visage showed the strain of old memories as he paused a moment, then shook his head silently. A sign that one or both of them were no more. ‘I’m sorry, Adem Highlander,’ were the words that finally came from his lips.
‘No!’ Adem shouted. ‘Isabelle? —and my only son? Are you telling me they are both dead?’
‘It is an old tale of great woe,’ Tarz said with a grim expression. ‘Your son, Pendral, fathered a boy Rayne, before he was ... lost to us. Pendral and Rayne were great Warriors of the All-Father during their lifetimes. But Rayne also has not been heard of for over three hundred years. There are theories of what might have happened to him, no one knows for certain. But Pendral’s fate is well known. He serves now as the High-Seat of the Jinn-Lord. He is called Koriken Demonfist, and he is the Lord General of the High-Servants.’
‘No! It can’t be!’ Adem shouted in the grip of a mad struggle with his emotions. ‘How could you let this happen?’
‘Events were far beyond my control when I became aware of them,’ Tarz said. ‘Know that both Pendral and Rayne were close friends of mine when they still lived as Servants of the All-Father. I held them both in the highest regard for their incredible strength in teron.’
‘So, what happened to Isabelle? She was an Immortal Princess! She should still be here, alive, and well, fit and strong! Tell me what happened?’
‘No one knows for certain who was responsible,’ Tarz said with unease. ‘Many believe it was Pendral himself who drove the dagger through her heart. This was about the same time that Pendral became lost to the grip of the Shadow. Others suggest the murderer was another assassin, and that this discovery was what finally drove Pendral over the edge.’
‘Isabelle!’ Adem screamed in pain and outrage. ‘No! No, I will not allow it!’
‘It is long in the past, Lord Highlander,’ Tarz insisted. ‘There is nothing that can be done about it.’
‘Oh, yes there is!’ Adem snapped in cold fury. ‘Where is Elarja RinHannen? I want to speak with him, now!’
‘Lord Elarja has not been seen for centuries,’ Tarz replied. ‘He has returned to his duty of travelling the timelines, seeking out evidence of the future and the past. No one knows where or when he will return. I’m sorry, Adem Highlander. I did my very best to protect them.’ The strange thing was, Jean felt she could read absolute truth in Tarz and his sympathetic words.
Later Jean was alone with Adem in their bedchamber within the High Wall Palace. Adem had been weeping miserably in anguish and turmoil for over an hour. She had been there to hold and comfort him throughout that time as a warm fire crackled on the hearth. When he seemed complete in his initial mourning process, Jean watched his anger return as he spoke again of using Elarja to rescue the princess.
‘It is futile, Adem!’ Jean insisted. ‘Do you really love her that much? Would you dare to try to keep her safe from the clutches of Calliach? Hunting her like wild game throughout the Ages, just to see her face one more time?’
‘It’s my fault, Jean! She wouldn’t have died if I had still been here. Or perhaps if I had just never gotten involved with her, never fathered Pendral, none of this would have occurred. She would at least still be alive then, Jean. I can’t live with that guilt! More than that, I am in terrible pain! Even though I love you as my wife and mother of our beautiful daughter, there was always a part of me that still felt a very strong attachment to Isabelle. 
‘Yes, if you must know, I still love her. I don’t think I can remain sane for long without her being alive and by my side.’
Jean had been standing over him with arms crossed under her breasts when she heard those words—no longer wearing her armour and dressed in a white coat and short skirt with black stockings and white knee-high boots—but her legs had nearly given way at the shock of Adem’s confession. Despite always knowing the truth of those words in her own heart, she had not been prepared to hear them spoken from his lips. She eased back down beside him on the bedcovers as the absurdity of his words washed over her. Drowning her in waves of burning agony. 
Finally, she said, ‘After all our years of marriage, all the love we have shared, you’ve never forgotten her? I had hoped you had put those feelings aside. I can’t explain the pain I’m feeling right now, Adem. It hurts to even look at you!’ Adem groaned and turned to place a soothing hand on her shoulder, but she slipped away from his grasp. Standing again to pace the room as she gathered her wits in an attempt to talk him out of this insane plan of his. ‘If you do this, Adem, it will be a greater threat to our marriage than the first time you betrayed me with her! You have to let go! I can understand that you are in shock and turmoil, perhaps your rage is turning you a little mad, but you have got to focus on our daughter! She needs us! 
‘Sometimes you have to accept that you can’t change the past, even when you have the means to. Janeanne is still alive, she’s still out there, and if you don’t forget this crazy scheme and follow me to be at our daughter’s side ... I don’t know what will happen to us, Adem. 
‘I think I might even demand a divorce.’
‘I’m not sure if divorce is legal here,’ Adem said with a disturbed grin, though she felt his pain distinctly through the kigare. She knew those words filled him with greater fear and agony than even the loss of Isabelle.
‘That is in no way amusing!’ Jean snapped in reply. ‘And I make the rules in this world. If I want a divorce, I will change the law to make it legal!’
‘Of course, Jean, I know you would.’ Adem was suddenly cold in his heart, that familiar flame of Jinn-Magic burning around the chunk of ice in his chest. His madness was returning. ‘Why don’t you invent a new decree to outlaw rescuing dead Heroes from the past, too?’
‘That is a fine idea, Adem!’ Jean shouted, then softened her tones to say, ‘But I will not interfere in what you think is most important to you. Whatever the risks you will still do what matters most. Why not rescue Pendral before he became corrupted, and your grandson Rayne, too? We can bring your entire illegitimate family back to life and spend all of our days running from the spectre of Death that hunts us day and night! Why not rewrite the entire history of this world while you’re at it? Make the sun the moon and the skies the ocean, fish that fly and birds that swim, day becomes night and forever into never! 
‘Such things should not be meddled with. You are a selfish foolish man! I will be sleeping in different quarters until we depart to meet Janeanne. I will let you sit and have time to decide whether you will follow me, or whether our paths will split now and for all eternity!’ Tears welled in her eyes. Her vision became a blur as she wiped them clear and turned to march for the door, slamming it behind her as she left the room. The Aldebrands posted at the door gave her stunned but unreadable faces, two of them falling in on her flanks to follow her along the hallways. If Adem could not see sense after such words were spoken, she guessed Jinn-Magic was making him more insane than he had ever been before. She would not stand by and watch him fall into ruin. She would save her daughter, and they would find a way to mend this world of chaos. With or without the Sons of Odin.

Chapter 9


Rayne Dragon-Sword

Elarja watched the dome of pure light and colours flare and bulge around him and his companions. He felt the familiar shift through space and time that was felt by his wielding of the Time Stones more than the others. Rayne and his seven chosen Children of Odin added to their campaign. Lately during that shift Elarja had felt light-headed. Unbalanced. Unclean even. He guessed it was the corruption on teron. Though when the sphere of light dissipated, he sensed Angel-Magic was purified in this ancient Age.
He was not certain where he had to travel to in time exactly. But he knew it was in the past. He had a particular date set in mind when he created the Time Sphere. Though when the clear blue skies opened above him and his warriors, he knew the Time Stones had taken him much further back than he had wished.
He stood in the courtyard of the first Kingdom of the Nordics. The city where his father Rodin Cloud-Walker ruled as King of the First Bloods. He cursed under his breath as he heard the sound of his father’s dragon Ellanori roaring overhead. A tremendous rumbling resonance of an ancient and powerful creature that made the earth vibrate. The company looked skywards to see the massive beast of golden scales: blood-red wings and ebony claws. Circling the courtyard for a landing. There was no time to escape. His father had seen him from the saddle of the dragon. Waving his spear of aqua lightning as a blue bolt struck the heavens. Thunder filled the air.
The city itself was of a scale and grandeur that must have been a wonder to the eyes of his companions. The walls of the main Keep were pale silver rising in columns mounted against one another like some ice-sculpture masterpiece. Square, rectangular and wide cylindrical walls, and fortifications stacked side by side and arranged with beauty and  precision as the fortress rose into the air on many levels. Golden domed cylindrical or pointed blue roofed rectangular towers. Walkways, staircases of marble and stone, parapets, balconies, and bridges between towers shining brilliant white in the sunlight. With a broader base of layered white stone running for miles around this courtyard area that was part of the Royal Palace Upper North Bailey. Walls of smooth white stone standing higher than even the engineers of the modern age could accomplish. The great city of Evandhelorin was forged with Angel-Magic during this Age of might and wisdom, the Age of Immortals. Also known as the Age of the First Bloods, or the First Age, though the history of this world dated back billions of years before Immortal Kin first walked the earth. 
Creation took a long time, even for the Great Angels working under the tutelage of the Lord God. Some say the Lord could have crafted it all in a week, or a single day, if he wished. But others suggested the formation of life from its base forms into more complex and sophisticated beings, was the path God chose because it created a world that was more solid, stable. With foundations that would be extremely difficult to dismantle, compared to constructs formed purely of Elemental Magic. Others suggested this base form of life was what contained the first essence of spirituality, and that this path taken by the Lord was perhaps the only way to ensure a stable environment while also creating life within every creature that ever sprung up out of the muck. The Old Nordic name for the Lord was Tu’Atha’Valori’Faeden. The Aesir were the Great Angels. Aelfin were Elves. All carried the Spirit of the Lord, or the Might of the Tu’Valoris. This word meant Essence of Life, or Creation’s Source.
Guards in golden Elven cuirass, pauldrons, gauntlets, and greaves were standing along the landing strip, with Lightning-Spears raised high and Pulse-Shields of metallic green and gold. These Immortal Kin were taller than Elarja, being born of the First Bloods, though none would have been a match for Elarja in single combat. 
They paid little attention to Elarja and his companions on arrival. This was a time when Elarja’s reputation as a Time Strider was well known amongst his people. Although his companions were strangers to this Age, any friend of Elarja’s would be welcome amongst the First Clan.
Elarja had allowed his disguise to dissipate immediately after making the journey through time to this place, as he had expected to travel only a few thousand years into the past. Around one thousand years before the First Arrival of the Sons of Odin to Kismeria. Instead he had journeyed millions of years into the past. Almost to the Dawn of Immortals. From his surroundings he guessed the date to be some eleven thousand years after the rise of the First Clan. The Stones had brought him here, and he wondered now if the Stones themselves had a greater purpose for which they were guiding him against his will. 
The shadow of Ellanori swept over their forms as the air of his massive wings rushed over them. The creature roared again upon landing. Hot air rushed over Elarja’s face that was the breath of an enormous fire breathing reptile. Guards rushed to the side of the beast to await the descent of Rodin. He threw down a golden ladder of rope fibres and wooden footholds. 
Elarja greeted his father with fist to breastplate. Feeling a rush of emotions to see the man in the flesh after so long. Rodin scanned Elarja’s face, glancing at his companions before he spoke in a rich and powerful tone. A hint of glee in the warmth of his speech that also showed in his large dark eyes like polished orbs. ‘Elarja, my dear son. It has been so long since we last met. I was out scouting the lands for demon sign. You were off on one of your great adventures through time.’ 
Rodin’s eyes gleamed as the man smiled. Long silken-black hair tied at his neck: a fringe falling below his golden crown studded with precious jewels. He wore a grey-blue robe burnished with golden dragons along the neck and hem. A golden dragon belt wrapped about his narrow waistline. His father was handsome, strong, and fierce as a Hero of Will. But that ghostly apparition was nothing compared with the solid, graceful, living First Blood of flesh and bone that stood proudly before him. His broad chest and wide muscular frame gave a presence of something stronger than natural forces, and there was nothing really natural about Elves. They were supernatural from the day they were created. Yet Rodin was the First King of the Nordics. His Power was beyond that of any other Elf to ever live. 
He planted his Lightning-Spear in the cobble stone as he regarded Elarja with a different expression, as if he did not recognise him. Those penetrating black eyes were filled with such emotion. ‘Something has changed about you, my son. The experience I see in your eyes speaks beyond your years. It was only three decades since we last spoke, and now you have returned to me with the wisdom and burdens of Father Time himself. Tell me, Elarja, where have you come from? How many years has it been, in truth?’
‘It has been long indeed, my King,’ Elarja replied. ‘Though the truth of that tale I do not have time to explain. It seems destiny has brought me back to you. I cannot begin to imagine for what purpose it may be.’
‘Who are your companions? They seem weakened compared to the blood of Nordics, though I sense some Angel-Magic in all of them. This one in particular has great strength however,’ Rodin nodded at Rayne. ‘Who is this young man? He is half mortal, that much I can tell, so he is from a long and distant future. Yet he retains so much of the Old Might of our people.’
‘May I present Rayne Dragon-Sword,’ Elarja said as he clasped Rayne by the shoulder to bring him forward. ‘He is the grandson of the Blue Water Dragon, Adem Highlander. One of the three Sons of Odin.’
Elarja watched as a look of terror and disbelief moved across his father’s visage, as he asked, ‘Will he not bring Jinn-Magic down upon us?’
Elarja quickly replied, ‘He carries the curse, but I believe only the true Sons of Odin are able to inflict Jinn-Magic upon teron. Therefore, it would be folly to bring any of their kind back in time beyond their first arrival.’
Rodin spoke again to say: ‘You have travelled far through time indeed, Elarja, to bring me this figure of hope and doom! The Prophecies never spoke of the Blue Water Dragon having any sons or daughters. His strength in Angel-Magic is unmistakable for any mortal, though I know little of their kind except what you have taught me.’ As if suddenly aware that he was rambling, Rodin looked to Rayne again and gave a deep bow, a sign of great respect from the First King. Rodin appeared amused, embarrassed, and bewildered all at once. ‘Forgive my rudeness, Rayne Dragon-Sword. You and your companions are all most welcome here in my kingdom. I will offer what aid I am able while you remain in my care. Let us feast and discuss what must be done and what may be discovered. Perhaps the Oracle may have a Reading!’
Rayne would perhaps only now be realising that Rodin and Elarja were speaking in the ancient Nordic Tongue, though Rayne’s Battle Angel would be interpreting for him so automatically it would take time for Rayne to even realise he was hearing another language. The other Children of Odin would have no idea what they were saying. 
Rodin turned on his heel to march towards the steps of the great shining palace. This courtyard surrounded by two hundred feet high stone walls much further out. Before the second wall that surrounded the towns and villages that existed within the city. In this ancient world, demons were widespread throughout the lands. Many of them more powerful than anything that existed in the true present. Most immortal communities were behind stone walls, as in this early Age, the immortal clans were not yet fully formed as they were in later millennia. Most were of the Nordic bloodline, though some had already begun to notice Angel-Magic and Magic of Trees and Forest Angels. The early formations of Wood Kin Clans were emerging at this time. Great Forests of this Age were protected by enchanted stone sentinels. Crafted by the Great Angels, they served as Magic Wards. Making it difficult for demons to cross their borders and enter the Woodland Realms. 
In this Age, the Nordics were strongly tied to the nature of Earth and Fire Elemental Magic. Carving their cities and underground dwellings out of the sides of great mountains, with the aid of Angels of Stone like Kohbahl and Cable. This palace was jutting from grey stone cliffs and tree covered mountainsides, rising into the clouded skies. Snow-capped peaks gleaming in the sunlight.  
Soon all were making their way through the ancient palace with expressions of pure awe and fascination. Their skill with Fire-Magic made the Nordics well known in later Ages for their strength with wielding lightning flame to vanquish demons. In this early stage of their populating Kismeria, Nordics were an almost unstoppable force when their warriors went to war. 
A simplified way to explain would be that the weakest of wielders amongst this Age were at least ten times stronger than most low-level Alit’aren or Ael Tarael of the Age of Chaos. Yet the strongest of Nordic wielders of this ancient time were perhaps a hundred times stronger in teron or terael than their most powerful modern-day descendants. That did not include Rayne and his father Pendral, or the Sons of Odin, as these men were exceptional in Angel-Magic for any Age. Elarja believed this was also related to the theft of Angel-Magic by Jinn-Fendinn. Stealing the Earth Magic from Kismeria, from Earth, Stone and Wood, Water, Fire, Air and Spirit. Weakening the bloodlines of both mortal and immortal generations throughout the Ages. As well as stealing from the Great Angels, that resulted in their diminished forms of the modern day.  So much like mortal kind, or perhaps immortal, but still flesh and bone. Fragile. They could bleed, they could die, yet Jinn-Fendinn grew stronger every day. 
Elarja was greatly troubled at the prospect of staying here too long. He feared discussing too much with his father. He was afraid of altering the timelines. This far back in history could create changes that could put millions of lives at risk. Most importantly, the lives of the Sons of Odin may be at greater risk if Rodin were not there to defend them as a Hero of Will. In the form of a ghost warrior, as he had done numerous times at the Dawn of the Age of Chaos.
 He could not risk informing his father of his inevitable death, and he could not provide any assistance that might allow his father to survive that fateful end. The pressure of that conundrum gnawed away at his chest, bringing anxiety near to panic. 
His eyes gazed at the brightly painted walls standing seven times his height as they crossed through hallways of extreme wealth. Tapestries and paintings that would be considered master works in any age, depicting Elves and Demons locked in Eternal Wars. Majestic sculptures of creative genius in gold, silver, or marble. Marble statues and busts of Rodin and his Council of Nine. Sons and daughters of the royal family, as well as grand carvings of Odin and the Great Angels. Nordic warriors marched in Elven green-and-gold armour, flowing black Aldebrand cloaks with Bolt-Spears. Emerald metallic shields emblazoned with Rodin’s golden dragon Ellanori. Tall, dark of hair with tilted brows and high pointed pixie ears, the light in their eyes spoke of the Ancient Might of the First Bloods and Old Ways Magic. It was bringing back great memories, of his people and his youth. The brief distractions made his anxious pain a little more bearable. 

***

Rayne sat alone in his bedchamber of the ancient palace of the Nordics. The room was pale stone with a white marble hearth, a warm fire, and elaborate furnishings. He noted the dragon carved chairs and table, as well as the dragon headboard on his four posted bed with blue drapery. That was no coincidence. He had become accustomed to being treated as something special long ago however, despite being raised as a very poor boy in the city of Valmeron. Working at washing dishes in the royal kitchens, making beds and sweeping floors, or running errands for the stableboys in the Royal Courtyard and Stables. 
Sometimes he missed the simplicity of his former life, in a great kingdom where he was servant if not slave to the ruler of those lands. In those days nobody would look at him in awe or swear oaths of fealty and honour in his name. No one swore to be his protector or to serve his cause until death. And those deaths had piled up over the years. He had felt the grimness of every life that was sacrificed in his name. Men and women fighting the Shadow in service to Rayne Dragon-Sword. That great change in his destiny began when he was spotted by Orion Demon-Slayer and Elmira Golden-Braid, at a royal banquet in Valmeron when he had just turned eighteen. Soon after he was to learn of his lineage, that he was the son of the greatest mortal Alit’aren of the Age of Chaos, and the grandson of Adem Highlander, the Blue Water Dragon and leader of the Sons of Odin.
He remembered the first time he had met Rievenna at a small village at an inn that he could not recall the name of, but he could not forget that first meeting of the woman he would grow to love with all his heart. Rievenna was quick to divulge that she too was a Child of Odin, born on the night of the lightning storm of Odin’s Return. Back then Rayne had been on the run with his three closest friends. All boys from Valmeron that he had grown up with, all swept into the path of his fate. He wished those young men were with him here now also, but they had not been with him at the manor when Elarja arrived, and so they would go to battle against the demon hordes and possibly become new names on the list of dead he was responsible for. 
Two of those friends had also been Children of Odin, born with special abilities to aid in the fight against evil. The other had been the Court Jester of Valmeron, Ragan Lodensare, who became known as the Red Jackal for his cunning at war strategy. Being Court Jester had allowed him to observe the battle plans of some of the greatest captains and generals of Valmeron. He was quick to learn and use such knowledge to great advantage on his journeys with Rayne.
He sat on a blue cushioned couch in front of the fire thinking of his friends when a knock came at the door. He called to ask who it was, and when Rievenna’s voice called in reply, he told the guards to let her enter. Rievenna was considerably short for Nordic blood, with brilliant golden hair tied in a thick braid that fell past her shoulder blades. This evening she wore a blue silk gown that clung to the curves of her breasts and hips. Her slender form moving seductively towards him as Rayne swallowed a hard lump in his throat. She had of course turned to lock the door before she made her way over to his chair. 
Looking down at him with sparkling blue eyes, she took his hands and guided him to his feet, then kissed him with such passion he thought he might collapse! Emotions rushed through his chest; his heart suddenly aflame as he kissed her back. They gazed at one another; her breath smelled clean and was cool against his neck as she said, ‘I cannot take the chance of losing you again, dearly beloved. You will do your best here and now to give me something to remember you by.’ A warm smile touched her lips. Perfect pearl white teeth flaring before she whispered, ‘You will give me a child.’
Those were not words Rayne felt he could easily refuse! Soon they were making their way to the bed. Unbuttoning clothing amidst more passionate kisses. This was not the first time they had encountered one another in this way. Soon the familiarity of their memories with one another brought the confusion into a kind of harmony, lasting hours as the fire burned down to ashes and hot coals. He had never felt as alive as he did when he was with Rievenna, the two of them alone sharing their love despite the death and chaos that had plagued their lives since their first meeting. He hoped he had provided what she wished for. A child to remember him by. 
As he lay under the silk sheets in the hour’s past midnight, he listened to her soft breathing with a sense of elation and glee. Feeling the warmth of their love fill his heart with vibrancy and delight. Soon sleep took him also however, and he found himself grappling with the stress of his situation. Knowing that Death would be hunting him before long ... 
... He stood in a hallway of pale grey light. Seeping from the stone floor and walls, emanating the ghostly apparitions of men and women who had died for his cause. He then realised they were corpses. Piled against one another, the piles growing thicker as he tried to make his way through the hall. Tripping him, making him twist and turn. Until he thought he might have to climb over the bodies they were piled so high ... He wanted to weep over their sacrifices. His chest burned with pain to see their eyes glowing with the sadness of the damned. Cold dead eyes, though they shone with such emotion. Pain, fury, outrage over their own demise. They seemed to shout out to him from across a deep and endless chasm, ‘Avenge us, Rayne! Avenge our deaths!’ ... No! They would not be in this place! They had served the All-Father and so they would be with the Creator now ... This was a trick! It was a perversion of truth ... A rat crawled out from under the bodies piled before him. Some of those bodies were men and women he had loved dearly as his Aesir’Eron comrades. Pain stung his chest again. Fury welled up within him as he watched the rat gnaw at the face of one of the corpses. A young mortal Seidr’tera who had died because Rayne had been too daring and careless to save him.
‘Away with you! Vile rodent be gone!’ Rayne shouted at the creature, and he thought he heard the rat give a series of rasping chuckles in reply. The rat continued to climb atop more bodies. The piles became so high, they nearly touched the arched ceilings over forty feet above. There the rat stood proudly. Even from that height, Rayne noted the eyes of the rodent glowing like hot coals. The rodent was triumphant. The dead were its trophies! The rat began to grow in size, until it was a man-sized shadow in a hooded cloak. Standing proudly atop the corporeal apparitions. The hallway became shadow black stone glowing like red embers along the joins and surfaces. Shadows were pockmarked with crimson light like the eyes of thousands of vermin ... Rayne knew the man that stood cloaked in shadows. ‘Father?’ he asked in dread and disbelief. The man he saw beneath the dark cowl was near to being crippled with emotions of hatred and menace. He sneered at Rayne with a fierce contempt that immediately informed Rayne that his father Pendral was indeed lost to the Shadow ... ‘I was father to you, but that man is no more.’ His words were cold fusion crushing his own chest, though they resonated in the air with power that filled Rayne with terror. ‘I have come to claim you, son. You know the seduction of the Will of the High-Jinn. It is futile to resist the darkness that grows inside of you. You will submit to the might of the Shadow, or you will die!’
Rayne had regained some of his senses, and his memories. He suddenly wondered how his father could reach his dreams by stretching out across time. Millions of years separated them, yet in the Dream Realm, there was no gap between past and present. Rayne also remembered that he had learnt much about the Dream Realm and how to survive within it. He noted plain dark blue coat and trousers had covered his form, the garb of a servant of Valmeron. Rayne used his abilities of mind and clad his body in dark armour and leathers of the ghoda’sidhe, facing his father in the image of a Forsaken warrior. 
Pendral had served alongside the Forsaken for much of his later years. He saw that Pendral despised what he saw in Rayne. A fierce snarl across his lips before he lashed out with waves of crimson. A roaring conflagration like molten stone crashed down around him: scorched Rayne with flaying heat! Rayne formed a barrier with his mind a fraction of a second before the flames touched him. Even here in the Dream Realm, Angel-Magic of his grandfather could be used in a way. He formed a Shield-Sphere of mind and matter manipulation—though in the Dream Realm they were not entirely the same force of nature, though they worked to the same effect—that locked down around him before he created a dimensional Portal-Spell. The doorway of light opened to his right side. He leapt through to vanish from the hallway.
 He flew out of the Portal-Magic and landed on a field of grey clouds. How he could stand on clouds, he did not know. He was hundreds of feet high in the air, overlooking a landscape swarming with ancient demons. Massive black and red skinned monsters surging against the white stone walls of Evandhelorin. Shadow Dragons and fire winged Krunloc smote the gates of the city with hot magma flares: Hordes of beasts similar to Boli-Kuldr that were twice as large pushed massive war machines into place. Giant javelins, catapults, and other means to break or scale the wall ... Rayne saw a flare of crimson to his left. He turned as Pendral appeared on the clouds some distance ahead. Moonlight flaring above the clouds: lacing everything in a silver glow. Clouds shone like fire, the city reflecting starlight as a beacon of hope. The Shadow forces symbolic of Jinn-Fendinn and his eternal destruction of the Armies of the All-Father. This battle was not real. Not even in the Dream Realm. But it was a sign of the growing Magic of Jinn-Fendinn, and perhaps a reflection of an attack on the city in a future Age.
Rayne summoned his Battle Angel. Even here in the Dream Realm he had learnt such Angel-Magic. ‘Tohka Reiden!’ Lightning poured down from the field of clouds. Surging electric bolts of white flame—thousands falling like white trees to strike and erupt into blazing waves of incineration—vaporizing tens of thousands of demons in chaotic blasts! This was far greater power than Tohka Reiden had displayed in the Age where Rayne had been born. Here, the Great Angel was fuelled with the ancient Angel-Magic of his kindred. In this Age, Odin and his Brothers were deadly defiance against the servants of the Jinn-Lord. 
Tohka Reiden appeared beside Rayne on the cloud walkway. Rayne drew his blade that glowed now like a sliver of the sun. Tohka Reiden was far taller than he should be. Over thirty feet tall, breastplate of blazing blue with golden gauntlets. Boots burned like blue lanterns. Trousers of pale moonlight. His hair was white flame, spiked around his pointed ears with a short-spiked starlight beard. Eyes of crackling blue lightning. 
Reiden raised a fist of white fire, hurling a blue bolt at Pendral. The shadow cloaked figure raising his first to deflect the blast in a sheet of crimson. The two energies locked in combat. Red and blue light pulsed and flared against one another, until the red dominated. Flaring outwards in a great sphere to overpower the light of the Battle Angel!
Rayne watched in shock as Tohka Reiden shrank in size! In moments he was standing only a head height taller than Rayne, as he realised that in the Dream Realm, Pendral was even stronger than a Battle Angel of ancient Angel-Magic! Rayne swung his blade towards his father, a sheet of aqua flame surged towards his form to strike a crimson wall. Pendral faltered, barely keeping his feet against the assault. Reiden’s pillars of fire suddenly increased dramatically. The return of strength caused the bolts to burn brighter as Rayne brought his own lightning to add to the killing fields. 
He sensed a connection now between the battle against Pendral, and the battle against his demon army. Hundreds of thick pillars of blue flame struck the earth in a pattern of intricate design. Tohka Reiden joined Rayne in a Link as Flame Dragons of blue-white light coursed around the pillars. Surging into the thick of the demon hordes to gorge on blood and flesh. Turning demon flesh to ashes as their Elemental Fire-Magic tore through the enemy ranks.
 Rayne summoned a great Flame Dragon that he hurled at Pendral. A blue burning apparition flew towards the shadow figure. Chomping down upon his waning crimson Shield-Sphere. Pendral fell to one knee, raising his hands in an attempt to deflect the Spirit Warden that continued to crush his defences. The serpentine figure of light coiled itself around Pendral’s Shield-Spell. Biting with massive jaws and fangs as cracks began to form within the crimson sphere. Rayne and his Battle Angel struck again. Combining their energies to hurl a bar of white-hot flame as thick as Rayne’s wrist. It was the summoning of a true Spear of Odin! White fire blasted in all directions once the Spear struck Pendral’s defence. The High-Servant wailed in terror and pain as the rupture of white fire surrounded Rayne’s vision ... Endless light ... Eternal night ... He fell towards the fields of blight ... Tohka Reiden caught him to hold him tight ... Soaring upwards through eternal night ... He woke and sat upright. In a drenched sweat with heat searing his face and chest, arms, and legs. He was in his bed, with Rievenna by his side. A single lantern glowing amber on the side table to tell him it was still in the very early hours of morning. 
He realised he must have left the lamp lit before falling asleep. An ancient form of glowbulbs still kept all rooms and hallways of the palace well-lit to defend against Souljhin and other demons invading through the shadows. Even chimneys, air ducts and secret passageways would be filled with the small glowing crystals that gave light for thousands of years. Even in this Age there were Hex-Warlords that could teleport via Portal-Magic to plant Jhin-Taps for Souljhin to invade in swarms.
He struggled to catch his breath, sweating was unusual for him, even when waking from the Dream Realm. It was the inner turmoil of facing his father in battle that brought such physical reactions, he later realised. He had not been ready for that nightmare to begin. He laughed to himself at the absurdity of his fate. Hunted by his father in his dreams by night, and he was soon to become prey to the Angel of Death in his waking hours. 
At least I’m alive, he thought gratefully. No one wanted to accept their own deaths. No matter what religion or legends had to say about his eternal destiny. It was all well and good to serve the Lord God in Heaven as an angel or what have you, but what about all the simple pleasures of the physical realm you would have to leave behind? A swim in a cold stream with Rievenna by his side. The feel of her naked skin pressed against him. A warm bath before a hot meal on a winter’s day. Or summer sunlight on your face and the taste of fresh fruit picked straight from the branch, the sweet juices dripping from your lips as you bit down into the flesh. What about the pain of walking all day or spending a week in the saddle, to later experience the joy of relaxing in front of the fire to warm your aching bones? He did not want to leave all of that! He hated the very idea of another form of existence. A being of no substance other than thought and feeling, no flesh or bone or blood in his veins. What would you be expected to do all day long? It was terrifying! He was afraid to die, and up until recently, he had been such a being for a very long time!
‘Better to be alive,’ he whispered. The only thought that gave him some sense of ease was the notion that perhaps Rievenna was carrying his child. He sat back against the pillows and stared at her beauty in the lamp light. Amber light carved out her features with a warm glow against her smooth skin. Every strand of hair caught by the light shining like pure gold. At least he could still feel love in the afterlife. Yet that thought somehow only added to his stress and regret. Orion Demon-Slayer had often told Rayne that his grandfather, Adem Highlander, had never been afraid to die. Adem did not welcome such a fate, but he was fearless in the face of death. His concern apparently was where he would go in the afterlife, his greatest fear was damnation.
Rayne’s mind was free of the affliction of Jinn-Magic for the first time since he had learnt to wield, however. In this ancient time there was no corruption on teron or terael. Angel-Magic was pure and magnificent. Even in the Dream Realm that lightning in his veins was the most amazing feeling he had ever experienced. It was pure harmony, bliss personified. Magic uncorrupted, glowing in his flesh and bones, heart, and soul. A river of light made of sunshine and moonlight, cold rain, warm wind, fresh soil, and clean stone. Refined Elemental Magic emanating such strength and wealth of purity. Ecstasy. The emotions he had felt were as if those pillars of lightning had struck him all at once, when in fact he was at the source of that Angel-Magic. Teron flowing through him to become funnelled into weapons of such immense destruction, the wielders of the modern Ages would be astonished to witness it! His emotions were still running wild at the memory of that incredible force. It was like the afterglow of Rievenna’s embrace multiplied by infinity! 
Even now he was tempted to draw from teron to experience the marvel of that light once more. He resisted, breathing slowly, and trying to relax himself as he checked to feel his heart thudding in his chest. He was over excited. He knew enough about the Dream Realm to know the experience he had had while sleeping was somewhat real. Perhaps even more dangerous than the real world in some ways. His father had found a way to reach him over endless space and time. Perhaps a connection of the bloodline, Rayne’s spirit being something he could not hide from his father. He would stay here if he had a choice—and raise a family with Rievenna—but Elarja would want to be leaving soon, the moment he worked out why they were here.
He threw back the sheets and carefully slipped out of bed. Making sure not to wake his dearly beloved who continued her slow breathing with the rise and fall of her breast. He returned to the cushioned chair after adding some wood to the fire, some smaller logs on top of twigs from a bronze cauldron in front of the hearth. The coals were still bright enough after stirring the ashes for it to light large chunks of wood in a short while. He took the time to stock the pile with lighter kindling to ensure Rievenna did not wake to a cold room. He unlocked the door and spoke with the guards for a few moments just to be sure that there had been no alarms. Still concerned about his father’s potential reach through time, as well as the fear of Calliach. The Nordics assured him all was well. He closed the door to lock it once more.
On the couch, he sat with his sword drawn and laying across his lap. Wearing dark leather trousers and boots over his underclothes. A tan brown woollen shirt covering his arms and back, though he left it unbuttoned to feel the growing warmth of the flames. The fire seemed to pick up at the same moment that Rayne reached for teron. Angel-Magic flooded his senses with the now familiar electric glow of purified magic, untainted. Light without the Shadow. Bright magnificent energy coursing through his veins! But that was just the beginning of what he felt. He used the stored ki’mera of the encounter in the Dream Realm to fuel the incantation he worked to increase the strength of his blade. Adem Highlander had made some adjustments to the sword long before Rayne was born. His father Pendral had also carried the blade for much of his lifetime. Infusing the weapon with much of the stored ki’mera energy obtained in his countless battles against the Shadow.
The sword was already glowing pale blue in the dimly lit room before the fire caught alight. Rayne continued to work the spells of teron into the blade, as the fire on the hearth picked up and began to blaze with not only flames, but a light within, around, and beyond those flames of orange and amber. It seemed to Rayne that it was Angel-Magic. A connection between the fire that burned against the wood, and the energy that flowed through Rayne and into his sword. Soon it was difficult for Rayne to distinguish between the light of the fire, and the light of his blade—despite one being blue-white, the other being amber and orange—as both appeared to shine with an intense brightness that he also felt flowing through his core, his flesh and bones. Filling him with a cool burning. That seemed to be purifying all the damage done to him over his years lived with Jinn-Magic in his veins. Rayne was part immortal blood, from his grandmother Isabelle’s side of the family, as was his father Pendral. He had been a half blood, and so although Rayne looked no older than his mid-twenties, he had the potential to live longer than any mortal could survive even if they had also been born as a strong wielder. He had seen many battles during that lifetime. Now considering all the great adventures he had lived through, he felt for a while that perhaps he had lived beyond what any mortal could expect to experience. Deciding at that moment that perhaps he had already been very fortunate.
A slip in his thought brought a decline in the strength of the spells he moved into the blade. Perhaps it was just the electrifying and seductive force of teron’s purity that had him thinking in far too a positive state of mind to be sustainable. Before reality dawned upon him. Without Elarja RinHannen, his death would have been permanent. He also had no recollection of what he had seen or done after his death. Despite the Rift in the timelines, there was no sight beyond life for the living. 
He returned his focus to his work, increasing the spells as the ki’mera of ancient demons of the Dream Realm flowed into his blade. Via his soul and that of his Battle Angel. In a way the demon souls were already contained within the sword, but the enchantment he worked by infusing that stored energy with the metals of the blade was something different. Something studied and learnt throughout the Ages by male and female wielders for as long as there were weapons to enchant. But the work he did here and now was different once again to anything that had been done before. At least not for tens of thousands of years prior to the Age of Chaos. He found the more he worked the spells, the more he became in tune with the sword and its magic, sensing a link with the weapon and the enchantment. A kigare between himself and his sword, the fire and teron. He also sensed a connection to the enchantments that had been worked into the blade by his father, Pendral, and his grandfather, Adem.
It seemed that through that connection he could sense those two men for the first time. A bonding of spirit and mind similar to the kigare that informed Rayne of their purpose. Forces that had driven them at the times that they worked such enchantments upon the blade. As Angel-Magic and the fire increased its incandescence, he began to realise the parts of his own identity, beliefs and obligations that weighed so heavily upon him, were shared equally if not more so by his father and grandfather. In those hours that he forged the sword into a new form of Angel-Magic—a force that was perhaps indestructible but perhaps also had the potential for incredible destruction—he began to understand the mind and soul of Pendral Dragon-Sword and Adem Highlander. 
As that understanding grew via Angel-Magic that was contained within his being, Rayne Dragon-Sword began to love them. He felt their compassion, their dignity, their honour, and their respect for Kismeria and its people. By forging his soul with the sword of his lineage, he had learnt a part of the history of those men who had gone before him. What drove them, what made them go on when there seemed to be no hope, nothing but desolation and despair. It was their beliefs, their ideals, their strengths, and their ability to make changes for the common good. But more than anything it was their desire to oppose evil, to eradicate the destruction of Jinn-Fendinn from the face of the earth. 
On and on he worked the blade as the force of teron surged within him to a crescendo. Light of the sword and fire almost blinding to his vision as the raw intensity of the ancient magic of the world raged within him. Enough to tear him apart! But he only wished to laugh, though he began to weep. He had informed the guards of his intentions, so they would not be alarmed despite being able to sense massive amounts of Angel-Magic being wielded within the room. Teron was waves of incinerating heat crashing against ice with lightning charging through its core. Rivers of magma coursing against the waves. Catastrophic tornados swirled the elements against one another. Ice waves crashed against a magma river. It was a glorious struggle. His mind raced with thoughts. Emotions so strong and magnificent but at the same time so terrifying he wished for nothing other than to reach the end. Fear of letting go of such elation was a dread beyond comprehension. He did not want it to end!
Then he learnt the final piece of the puzzle about his father and grandfather. The true source of their motivation. It was the women they had loved. For Adem Highlander, there was an eternal struggle. He loved the White Snow Fox, Jean Fairsythe, more than his heart could handle, but he had also loved Rayne’s grandmother, Isabelle, immensely also. That struggle that had caused Adem so much pain and anguish was also the reason he fought so bravely and with such passion. 
It was the same with Pendral, for Pendral had loved Rayne’s mother greatly indeed. Love fuelled his ambition and his desires in his battles and conquests. It was this final lesson that made Rayne understand the most unifying emotion of his lineage. It was their love for the women who would continue that line. This new understanding provided the strength of healing and purification of Rayne’s soul that washed away a bitter and deep wound within his own heart and mind. Jinn-Fendinn’s claw. A claw of cold fusion with razor blades around his beating heart. A fist of stone that burnt with corruption via Jinn-Magic on teron. He realised then his greatest fear was not to die, for he had done that already and survived. His fear was for Rievenna, and for the child she would raise to carry the name of Highlander. Fear was a burning pain in his chest, but teron blazed with extravagant brilliance. So strong he felt he might go mad from the ecstasy. But this was pure teron. It was in fact making him sane again.

Chapter 10


Sword of Valour

Rayne heard a knock at the door and one of the guards calling his name. He had only just released the Angel-Magic when he heard the sound. Rievenna’s immortal ears must have detected the sound clearly enough for it to wake her. She sat upright, pulling the sheets up over her breasts. ‘What are you doing?’ she asked. He smiled in response, before he replied, ‘I was working. Go back to sleep, my darling.’ The knock came again, followed by startled voices outside the door. Rayne unlocked the door to be met with a very puzzled and half frantic faced Nordic guard. Hamel Eagle-Spear was tall even for a Nordic of this Age, standing nearly seven feet. He towered above Rayne, looking down with large dark eyes that shone like polished stone: a hawk’s beak of a nose and chiselled cheek bones. He looked very much like Rodin Cloud-Walker with dark hair tied in a tail. Fringe falling around his face and a dark moustache and close-cropped beard. ‘Are you alright, my Lord Dragon-Sword?’ Hamel asked with a cautious stare. ‘We heard your warning before you began, but you have woken half the palace with your wielding. I must say, your strength in teron is beyond admirable, especially for a mortal blood.’ 
Rayne did not bother to remind the guard that he was part immortal, or that he was grandson to a Son of Odin. Instead he stepped out past Hamel, moving into the hallway to see lanterns lined up for a great distance in both directions—men and women of the palace in their nightclothes holding up the bulbs of ancient Lore. Glowing amber, emerald or pale aqua in dark metal cages hanging from rings—including the entire host of Children of Odin that had accompanied them here, all with startled expressions—many of them whispering to one another or talking in hushed murmurs of wonder and dismay, as others noticed him emerging from the room when their expressions became mixed with admiration and bewilderment. 
Others were crossing the hallways that passed between the one he was standing in. Hundreds of faces within eyesight. Robes of coloured and gold tasselled silk of the ancient nobility. Lords and Ladies of the First Clan woken by the torrents of Angel-Magic Rayne had summoned while at the same time unaware of its radiance to others. 
A very short figure emerged from behind a few lords’ robes as if parting curtains for his entrance. The creature stood about as tall as Rayne’s knee. Blue-grey fur covered its face, hands, and feet. It wore a dark green silk robe worked with crimson symbols upon the sleeves and hem, tied with a golden belt of rune covered medallions. 
The Kjia’hyenti stared up at Rayne with eyes that shone with a blue aura within those black orbs. Its pointed ears twitching nervously atop its fluffy haired head, that was shaped like a watermelon laying sideways. A grey moustache with two small but smooth white fangs jutting from its upper lip. It spoke to him in a gravelly tone that sounded too powerful for the size of the Wise Wanderer, a more common name in the modern age for this unusual breed. ‘You had us all quite frightened, Rayne Dragon-Sword!’ 
To Rayne’s surprise, he then realised the creature was actually speaking the common tongue of mortals. But from what Rayne knew of the Wise Wanderers, they had knowledge beyond space and time. They were a kind of Oracle race, but Rayne knew this was not the Oracle that Rodin had spoken of. Elarja had explained that their Oracle was Nordic, and he was born blind, but he had great sight through visions of past, present and future. ‘My name is Grom,’ the little fellow explained, giving what appeared to be a frightened grin. ‘It is a great honour to meet you, Odin Child. I knew your father, and I once met your grandfather.’ Rayne was struck dumb at those words, wondering how that could be possible, but again he remembered the way time was perceived differently for these somewhat telepathic creatures. He considered that the Rift may also be in play with those remarks, before Grom turned to march away with a small emerald lantern glowing in his grasp. Ears quivering nervously before he vanished between the gowns of more Nordics. Men and women pressing forwards to gape at the man who had woken them with such glorious emanations of teron. 
He later realised that it was predictable that anyone wielding that much of teron inside the palace would cause an alarm, but as he began to speak with his companions, he learnt that the male wielders had been roused from their dreams by the incomprehensible scale of Angel-Magic that was seemingly bleeding: burning and shining through the walls. The women had not felt the male half of Angel-Magic: they had simply been made aware of the danger by their husbands. Or by the male Children of Odin that alerted their female companions as crowds began to gather around Rayne’s door.
Rodin and Elarja were soon crossing the hallway heading towards Rayne with similar expressions of wonder, mixed with a perceivable sense of dread over the danger of wielding so much Angel-Magic inside stone walls. Rayne realised then that if he had slipped with the Angel-Spells, he might have brought half the palace down around their heads. That thought was reiterated by Elarja who spoke with Rayne alone in his bedchamber as the others were told to go back to bed. Rievenna had dressed and made her way back to her own quarters before Rayne and Elarja took seats in front of the fire. Rodin also gave Rayne a very serious stare before exiting the room. Rayne thought the First Nordic King appeared to be fuming over the risk to his palace and his people. He said nothing however, leaving the two men alone to talk.
‘So, tell me what you were trying to do?’ Elarja asked, when a servant had brought them a plate of early breakfast and some brewed tea. In this Age, Elarja had explained, as most immortals lived behind stone walls, agriculture was not yet widely developed. Crops for harvest could be sown and grown in a very short time via a combining of the two halves of Angel-Magic. Often the fields surrounding a city would be used to plant and raise orchards of fruit or fields of wheat or corn or garden vegetables. There were also large fields of earth reserved for such purposes within the city walls where the Harvest Rituals could be used to make orchards grow and give fruit within three days. These studies were what led to the first Wood Kin Clans emerging, of which the modern clans in the Age of Chaos were the Dremelden and their Dark Elf cousins. 
The platter of food was something Rayne had already become accustomed to at the feast when they first arrived at the palace. The bursting flavours and rich tapestry of colour and emotions that stirred within the soul at every bite was an experience beyond simple enjoyment of eating. It was a journey through existence, an overpowering thrill and delight with every taste. And the sustaining power of the food and drink was the equivalent to modern day Healing-Magic. The body was apparently cured of any pain or illness in a very short while when eating any combination of the earth’s natural bounty. This morning it was oats with a reddish fruit, honey, and goat’s milk. Animals were also farmed within the city walls, though there was no spell or chant to increase the speed of their growth. Fruit was preferred for all meals compared with meats or even grains during this early Age. Fruit and water were considered the raw natural bounty intended by the Great Angels to be consumed every day, unless harsh winters reduced the chance of Harvest, in which case animals were sacrificed when grain ran dry.
This Age was also many hundreds of thousands of years before the race of mortals were discovered in the world. Elarja had once said there was a great mystery surrounding the question of where men had originated. Immortals had been formed of the elements by the Lord God with the assistance of the Great Angels, but only God had taken part in the creation of mankind. Elarja’s father Rodin had only encountered mortals previous to this time when Elarja had journeyed to the Age of Men and brought ambassadors back to Rodin so that the first clans of men could learn of the ancient Magic of the Nordics. In those cases, Elarja had not taken mortals with the intention of saving them from an impending death. He had simply selected strong wielders amongst the mortals to bring knowledge further through the Ages. For this reason, Elarja had not been alerted of the risks of upsetting Calliach until much later in time.
‘I’m not sure what I was doing,’ Rayne explained. ‘I was just ... working! Angel-Magic here, it’s so strong! I can hardly resist reaching for it even now, even though I am nearly passing out from overexertion.’
‘Relax!’ Elarja commanded. ‘The sword. Tell me what you did to it.’
‘I was increasing its strength, but something more: it wasn’t like other times that I’ve used ki’mera to build the sword’s capacities. This was different, I felt connected to the sword, but not especially via Tohka Reiden. This was a kind of bond with the blade ... and my father.’
‘Your father?’ Elarja repeated with a troubled question to his tone. ‘What about him?
‘It was strange. I thought I could see part of his history, when he was still good, and my grandfather also. I felt them through the sword. But it was more than history. It was their minds, their heart and soul. It was as if the sword carried a part of them within its enchanted steel.’
‘Interesting,’ Elarja said with a frown. ‘But what did you do?’
‘I told you, I made the sword stronger, much stronger! But I’m not sure why I was doing it, or what it is made to do.’
‘May I hold it?’ Elarja asked. Rayne handed him the blade. Unsheathed, it glowed pale aqua now in the amber lit chamber. Elarja gripped the hilt, a calm expression on his face as he gently exhaled. Suddenly his eyes bulged. Light flared in his emerald orbs as if he had been struck by lightning. A tense snarl crossed his lips as he flashed his perfect white teeth. When he had returned to a state of calm, he handed the sword back to Rayne and said, ‘Yes, you have made it much stronger. It is now perhaps the mightiest blade I have ever held. I’m still not sure what it is for. But I know now this is why we were brought here. This is what the Time Stones wanted from you. 
‘By bringing you here to a time of the ancient Magic of the Great Angels, you have forged this blade with such immense capacity that it is blinding to the mind. 
‘We will speak with the Oracle in a few hours. Perhaps he will know the purpose of this weapon.’ Rayne sat back and breathed deeply to consider what to say next. ‘Tell me about Grom. I thought their kind usually only existed through Portal-Magic like Odin’s Stairs.’
‘The Wise Wanderers are common amongst the immortals of this Age,’ Elarja replied. ‘My father formed a decree with their leaders to share knowledge, Kismeria and the other realms inhabited by the Kjia’hyenti. You will see more of his kind around the palace if we stay for much longer.’
‘Grom said he knew my father, and Adem Highlander?’
‘The Kjia’hyenti see through time. For them the past, present and future are all mixed together. They see their futures the same way we remember our past. For them there are still alternate possibilities for those futures, but it is set in stone in a way also. Some events are fixed, some things they are sure of. They also see much of the present in the same way, through visions similar to memories they can gain knowledge of much that is occurring in various dimensions in present time. Grom is not from the future, though he will still be alive in the present. Still within the Portal-World of Odin’s Stairs. 
‘Grom’s father was the one who imprisoned me within that alternate dimension for countless millennia until I was rescued by Carl Wilder. They began to fear the Time Stones: their potential for great harm upon the timelines. I tried to reason with them, as I was there to gain information. But they would not provide it, and they overpowered me. The Leaf Aldebrands, as they are also known, have great ability to undo magic. Even Great Angel Magic is easily defeated when a group of Kjia’hyenti are at work.’
‘Will Grom and his kin be a threat to us here?’
‘Grom is an old friend,’ Elarja said with a grin. ‘But I would not like to encounter his father again, here or in any other timeline. He will remember his purpose, and yes, perhaps he would try to imprison me again. Perhaps your presence will change his thinking. If he sees great purpose in you, it is possible he will forget old grudges.’ Elarja paused to consider a moment. He chuckled and said, ‘Of course for Grom’s father, it is a future grudge. Though he sees it as part of his past. Though in a way it still has not happened yet. Though if it had not already happened, we would not be here now…’
‘I get the general idea,’ Rayne said with a sigh. ‘I met another of his kind, long ago. It was the day I really started out on this great adventure. He was the first one to ever tell me about my father.’
‘What was his name?’
‘Krommet.’
‘Ah, yes, I know him. Funnily enough, Krommet is Grom’s first cousin. Their fathers are brothers. What did he tell you?’
‘He told me enough to decide I had to help him. I will tell you the story; if you have time?’
‘Time is all I have,’ Elarja said.


*** 

Later that morning Elarja and Rayne met with the Oracle. In a large hall of white marble floors and thick blue marble columns, supporting a vaulted ceiling, gilded with vines and small golden figurines that resembled the Leaf Aldebrands. There were a number of the furry Kjia’hyenti present in the meeting hall, seated along the sides of the room, where Elves from the three current clans were also gathered. The Torvellen clan had also emerged from the Nordic bloodlines, and although most still resided in cities of stone and lived amongst the Nordics, they were already considered a separate race even this early in the history of immortals. 
Dremelden and Torvellen sat together on long carved stone benches, some raised higher further back to allow a good view for all that were gathered. Dremelden bearing dark tribal tattoos on their arms and some on their faces in black or blue ink, marking them as Readers amongst their clansmen. All dressed in the torin’sidhe coats and trousers with black Aldebrand cloaks and Lukrorian Bows across their backs, in shoulder cases of intricately coloured leathers. The Bows themselves glistened and shone like wet metal in bright colours. 
Most of the Torvellen wore the ghoda’sidhe shadow material and coloured gauntlets and masks of the four Rohjors, red, black, blue, or white, the Lion, Wolf, Dragon and Fox Rohjors. 
Even now the Torvellen of this Age were similar and yet different to their Nordic cousins, as the more commonly attributed fair skin and blue eyes and golden hair of the Nordics was more often the tan skin, dark hair, and eyes for the Torvellen bloodlines. Of course, the mix of similar looking Nordics was still very common during this Age. Dark haired, dark eyed Nordics continued to be born throughout the generations, yet here the distinction began to become clear.
It was of course to do with breeding, features passed on through the bloodlines through selective match making, though there was no formality to these changes. Other than a belief that it was guided by their links to the Great Angels of a particular element, and perhaps the guidance of those deities in the development of new nations. The result was a change in more than physicality, however. It changed the very soul of each clan, their magic, their minds, their abilities, and their purpose. 
Already the Torvellen had begun to delve more deeply into the study of caves. Deep stone caverns and the towering mountains. Seeking out their spiritual connection with the Elemental Masters of Earth and Stone. At the same time the Nordics were forging their limitless potential into the studies of Fire-Magic, wielding lightning against the demon hordes and purging the enemy threat with waves of flame that was almost equal to that of the Great Angels in this ancient time.
The Dremelden of course were busy learning of the Great Trees and their secret powers, studying the divine intent of the Great Angels of Forests, Wood and Water. Studies into Water would eventually cause another split in the clans until the first of the Ruhalden were to appear in the world. Admiring and worshipping the Gods of the Sea. Crafting their great ships and learning of the Magic of the Great Angel Neproton, or Nepton, as the mortals were to later name him, and his Spirit Wardens of the Waves. His mermaids and his Kraken, his Sea Serpents and Sea Horses that drew the chariots of his people under the waves of the ancient world. 
These were the first of the four clans, of which twelve would eventually emerge, then fall back upon themselves, re-joining and unifying their broken clans until the first four were to remain once more. The history of those twelve clans, from development, to collapse, was the heart and soul of the heritage of immortal kin. Elarja had watched and guided the clans as best as he was able for a large portion of that history, yet his imprisonment in the Realm beyond Odin’s Stairs had kept him apart from Kismeria for a very long time also. He felt that he had lost much of his control and influence over his people during that absence.
The Kjia’hyenti responsible for that imprisonment sat amongst his comrades within the hall—staring at Elarja with a promise of a threat against his freedom—with Grom seated beside his father looking abashed and brow beaten. The Wise Wanderers were all seated in a group of coloured fluffy fur faced creatures that were each as different from one another as they were similar. Some were short and stocky with melon shaped skulls like Grom and his father, but the colour of their fur could be pale white, or mauve, jade green, black with white stripes, you name it! This variety of fur colour was spread across the range of other body shapes for the Leaf Aldebrands, some tall and thin or large and muscular like immortals, Elarja had even seen some of their kind as tall as Giants. 
Although there were none that large here today, there were in fact two real Giants present in the room. Both women of the exceptional beauty attributed to the beings that were usually always at least twelve feet tall. Yet these two women were perhaps only a little over ten feet, suggesting they were still young. Despite wearing the garb of warrior women, brown leathers and thick wool jerkins with their arms and legs bared with bronzed skin, lace up animal skin boots with long swords and bows over their shoulders. Each with a quiver of very long arrow shafts hanging from their waist belts.
The blue-eyed woman wore a fierce expression, though the dark haired one appeared kind, soft brown eyes, and an almost sweet smile. She gazed upon Elarja and Rayne standing in the centre of the gathering before Rodin upon his throne, and the Oracle by his side.
It had been long since Elarja had set eyes upon the Oracle, and he felt the blind man glaring back at him although his eye sockets were sealed with skin where no eyes had ever been, yet the Oracle saw much of the world, past, present and future. The man had looked old even for an immortal as long as Elarja had known him, a tangled frizz of grey hair around his ears on an otherwise bald scalp, a long hooked nose and pale skin that was wrapped around his bony frame like a sack thrown over a pile of sticks, and his rib cage pressing through his thin silk robe gave this exact impression even now while the old Nordic stood within the room and fixed Elarja and then Rayne with that eyeless stare.
The Oracle spoke in a rasping tone as he pointed a bony finger at Rayne and almost shouted the words, ‘So, you bring this blood of the Water Dragon to our ancient kingdom! You risk infecting us all with the Jinn-Magic upon his soul! You are a wild man, Elarja! I have warned you so many times of the danger of time travel, yet you ignore me!’ Grom’s father grunted in satisfaction, though Elarja saw fury in those large glowing orbs when he glanced at the little Leaf Aldebrand sitting in a red coat with arms crossed under his chest.
‘The Time Stones brought me here,’ Elarja replied in his own defence. ‘I had not planned on going so far back in history. Yet I believe we were brought here with a purpose.’
‘Your father has told me,’ the Oracle said in a careful tone, though he still seemed to be burning with fury. Elarja’s father had also scolded him for bringing Rayne here when the two of them were alone to speak, following the banquet last evening. Rodin had almost raged at Elarja of the risks he was placing the world in. The potential chance of bringing Jinn-Magic on teron back to the source of time! Elarja had pleaded with his father to see that there must be a reason for it, that the Time Stones must have some intelligence and purpose of their own to have brought them here. But his father’s rage had been overwhelming, and Elarja had retreated to his chambers at the peak of Rodin’s wrath. ‘The purpose is clear to anyone that can see it,’ the Oracle continued, ‘though it may have occurred by mere chance more than destiny. Rayne Dragon-Sword now wields a blade that shines to my eyeless gaze like staring directly at the sun from the perch of endless dark space. It glows and burns in my mind’s eye now so brightly, that if he were to draw the blade, I feel that I might faint in wonder of its magnificence. This is the purpose of your visit here, for only in this ancient Age could such a blade be forged. Angel-Magic here is so clean, pure and bright, that a wielder born of the blood of the Blue Water Dragon might have the insight to create such a powerful enchantment, that it might serve to hold a great portion of the might of Odin and his Great Angels. Even here and now when the Great Angels are so potent in Angel-Magic that none have ever been able to create a Resting Point strong enough to entice them to join with wielder in mind and spirit via the kigare.
‘We only know of such practices due to your time travelling adventures, Lord Elarja, that and my perceptions of the world after this Age, and throughout the Ages. I see that in the distant present of the Age of Chaos, the Battle Angels have become weak, feeble, they will therefore be irrelevant! I also see that Balor will turn against his Brothers and Sisters to serve the Lord of Darkness!’
 That brought stunned gasps from everyone in the room, including Rayne who stood with mouth hanging open in disgust of this claim. ‘This disaster may yet be undone by the presence of Rayne Dragon-Sword,’ the Oracle said, ‘for he holds now the Sword of Valour, and with it he may invite Odin Lightning-Lord to join with the blade as the first Resting Point, and his Brothers and Sisters may also use the sword to store their ancient might. These Children of Odin may also gain the service of Battle Angels if they too can enchant their weapons to similar potential. This I know is the reason you are here, to save the world from the loss of Balor’s might, and to restore Angel-Magic of the Great Angels in the Age of Chaos.’
The room was deathly silent. All eyes were fixed upon Rayne, who stood now with a determined expression, though he would not have any clue as to the dangers he was yet to face.
In this ancient Age, Odin and his kindred were scarcely seen or conversed with except at their mountain home where the Lightning-Lord ruled as King over all of Kismeria. Bridged between the throne at the peak of the mountain, Odin’s Seat, and the High Realm where he reigned as the Fist and Spear of the Lord God. Only by reaching Odin’s throne could the Lightning-Lord be summoned, and that journey would involve travelling across some of the most dangerous regions of demon territory that had ever existed. Dragons would be hunted by the ancient Demonsouled of this Age, some Shadow Dragons and other winged creatures that would make the air more treacherous than risking the journey by altherin horse.
‘Only the Children of Odin may join you when scaling the great mountain,’ the Oracle continued, ‘for if wielders of this Age were to make the journey with you, they may be chosen by the Battle Angels rather than these Children, and that would make further trouble for the timelines. I would however ask that we have volunteers amongst the Kjia’hyenti and that these two lovely Giant women also join you to serve as protectors.’ The two women gave gracious bows from their seated positions. Grom urgently waved his blue furry right paw in answer to the request of a volunteer. His father growled in disappointment, but Grom was given the task as he was the only one to raise his hand. Elarja was glad to have Grom along for the journey. He may be of great use if they were attacked by powerful demon wielders.
Finally, it was Rodin’s turn to speak, to pronounce his word for or against this task. ‘This road is deathly dangerous, and I will not allow my son to go off on such an adventure without doing more to assure his safety and that of his companions.’ He sat in his throne looking frustrated before he spoke again to say, ‘My dragon riders will follow your journey from the skies, making rest stops and patrols when necessary. Mostly we will be there to create an escape path for your horses with aid of Dragonfire. The Oracle has said that no wielders of this Age may join you on the ascent of Mount Asgardia, but I insist that representatives of each clan be chosen to serve as guides and bodyguards for this journey.’ Only moments after those words every Nordic, Torvellen and Dremelden warrior in the room rose to volunteer for the mission. There was so many that Rodin finally said, ‘Very well, from the volunteers we will choose ten from each clan, as too many riders may disadvantage the need for speed and stealth. Fifty altherin horses may pass by unnoticed, but hundreds would be much more conspicuous to enemy eyes spying from the air.’
When the warriors were chosen, the Giant women insisted they would invite more of their male kin to join them, making a team of five that could easily keep pace with their altherin steeds for short distances. Giants were able to run long distance with ease though at a much slower pace. Their presence would be welcome in tight jams against Demonsouled however, and Elarja was glad to have them too.
‘We will hold a great feast in honour of this quest,’ Rodin announced. ‘There will be songs, and dancing and great food and wines and ale. Let the people celebrate for the hope of Kismeria, for it seems that hope is reliant upon this bold task.’

*** 

Adem rode at the head of the column of over five thousand Forsaken warriors, Alit’aren and Ael Tarael. Wielders of the Jinn Arts in their dark armour and shadow cloaks and coats. It was early summer. The land was sweltering under the bright golden ball that baked the earth to hard clay. Horses stirring up dust clouds in their wake.
Jean rode close to his right with Wil and Carl flanking either side. Tarz also rode close to the front line, though there were hundreds of other riders scouting the fields and roads ahead. Wil was anxious to be reunited with his wife, Hayley. But Adem and Jean were half terrified over the fact that their daughter had grown up in Kismeria without them, and that she was now a young woman. This fear and need to protect her drove their journey towards the small community known as Red River, where Tarz had told them their daughter was under the safe care of the former Torvellen and Nordic rulers.
Shienden also watched their journey from the skies, the great dragon’s shadow sometimes covering riders as he swooped overhead. Enormous wings spread wide before they felt him beat the air down upon them. His fierce roar was heard whenever another patrol of riders was spotted by his keen eyesight. The warning was more for the rest of the group. Shienden could always inform Adem directly to his mind, though Adem didn’t mind if Shienden wanted to appear important to the entire Forsaken army.
Five thousand was a small force to bring, but Tarz had assured them the regions they were crossing would be without conflict. Demons were still held beyond the Borderland walls. The people of these lands were peaceful in a time of rest and recovery after so much war and bloodshed.
The land was changed to Adem’s memory of these regions, much of the flattened fields had been raised by mountains of earth and stone that thrust up out of nowhere to hinder or block their path. Except for the narrow roadways that had been carved between or up alongside many of those new ranges, some climbing so high they were covered in gleaming white peaks even at this time of year. Tarz said those mountains, and the valleys and lakes they also passed by on their journey were the result of mad Alit’aren half destroying the world. Sometimes entire communities or even armies in their fits of insanity. Unleashing Angel-Magic to such epic proportions that even some of the coastal regions were ruined and fell into the sea, while other landforms rose out of the oceans to form land bridges to islands and other nations across the coasts of the West Lands.
But something else had changed, Adem noticed many more forests along the journey also, some of them appeared ancient, although most would be less than eight or nine hundred years old. Towering trees blocked out all light under their canopies, dark forbidden places that were said to be haunted by the slain Dremelden and Eva’Hahlen, or Dark Elves, in their centuries of blood feuds.
They were crossing a large open field that bordered on the edges of just such a forest, known as Derelwood, when Adem spotted a number of Dark Elves moving with stealth through the trees on the forest’s edge. 
Adem raised a fist and led the line around in a circle to double back and slow as the rest of the column also reduced their pace, as more and more eyes of half-bloods and immortals fixed upon these Dark Elves that were now making little effort to hide themselves amongst the trees. Adem was immediately struck with how fierce these Dark Elves appeared. There were eleven men and four women that he could see, all tall and slender with defined muscle. All with arm tattoos above their arm wrappings and dark green gauntlets. Tan skinned, staring with fierce dark orbs of malevolence, not entirely dissimilar to the eyes of a Souljhin. Adem half expected red flames to dance within those eyes, yet the darkness simply reflected the light in a bright and dangerous gleam. The threat of madness was extreme in every one of them.
Adem noticed no dark aura around any of them however, which suggested none were under the control of possession spirits, but he could never be certain, as that gift of sight was just an indicator of possession. He still had not learnt to judge the implications of such auras specifically other than the fact that it was sometimes apparent in madmen that were also possessed or guided by such a demonic. 
The Dark Elves noted the banners flying from the saddles of eight of the horsemen, two for each of the four Rohjors, the Red Fire Lion, Black Shadow Wolf, Blue Water Dragon, and White Snow Fox. There were also banners of the Shield of Fire, the Hero Chain, and the Great Cycle amongst the Forsaken riders. These Dark Elves seemed to understand immediately that they signified the presence of the Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor.
Their leader of the small patrol saluted to Tarz, and the gesture was returned by the Forsaken ruler with fist to breastplate. The Dark Elf then looked upon Adem and his companions, staring in defiance and what may have been hatred. Adem gazed back with eyes of peace and submission. He was unsure of himself in this situation, but he did not want to threaten immortal kin. It was his curse that had made them the way they were now. He felt nothing but guilt for it. 
He saluted in the same way as Tarz. Slowly the entire host of Dark Elves returned the gesture, most wearing only torin’sidhe coats and trousers with lace up leather boots. All carried dark Lukrorian Bows over their shoulders in leather cases, with short and longswords hanging from either side of their waist belts. They each carried a quiver of arrows over their shoulders also, but Adem knew already that if any one of them chose to fire upon him, they would use the Bows to unleash shafts of Hellfire. He had been told as much about these people during the journey with Tarz, and that they were dangerous and cold blooded. Adem saw only potential in such strength and ancient bloodlines. Fuelled by the magic of Jinn-Fendinn due to the curse of the Sons of Odin that flowed through their veins.
He moved his horse forwards towards the Dark Elves. When Tarz and the others moved to follow he waved them to stay back, turning with a hard glare before he continued to position himself at the forest’s edge. He did not climb down from his horse however, that would be submitting too much far too early. He did however continue to regard them with an expression of calmness, no threat in his eyes, only consideration of such potential.
‘You know who I am?’ Adem asked their leader, and the Dark Elf nodded before providing his own name. ‘I am called Tinder Hollows. We may appear threatening to you, Adem Highlander. Know that this is the face of all of our kin, whether meeting commoner or king in peace or in war. Such is the curse of our people, the corruption that we wield.’
Adem breathed a deep sigh in return to such an admission, before he replied, ‘You see also that I offer you and your kin no threat either. That same corruption has been a part of my soul for many years. I see that if I could live as long as any of you, perhaps I would also greet friends with such a face.’
He paused a moment to see the slightest change in their dark brooding expressions, particularly in the eyes of Tinder Hollows. Adem guessed that as a child Elf, Tinder had been given such a name because of the inherent dark fire that would have glowed in his eyes even at birth, this was something else he knew of the Dark Elves. The curse was becoming genetic. 
The fact that Tinder was leader of this patrol meant little in terms of their hierarchy either. Adem had learnt that these Dark Elves lacked a proper ruler or official chief. Tinder being leader here and now may be the result of his years of experience compared to the rest. Or his skill at hunting and tracking, or fighting, or any number of other reasons. A man like Tinder might have found himself leader of cleaning pots if that had been the skill that he was best at. Of course, he might also be the leader because of what Adem sensed in the man. He was very strong at wielding Jinn-Magic. Perhaps this fact had resulted in him being chosen as the leader once the Forsaken riders were spotted, or particularly when they knew the Sons and Daughter were amongst them.
‘Know that the Sons of Odin make no threat against your people, your clan, or your armies,’ Adem continued. ‘Know too that I do not speak on behalf of the White Snow Fox, but I may use what influence is necessary to ensure I have kept my word.’ Tinder nodded uncertainly, though the hatred in his eyes had boiled down to a low simmer. ‘I have learnt what little I was able about the Eva’Hahlen since my recent return to Kismeria, and from what I hear, I see only potential in uniting such a force to fight alongside us at the Ragnarök Battle. 
‘The Daughter of Thor is strongly opposed to the wielding of the Jinn Arts. I have already seen enough of that force to know it has the potential to crush Jinn-Fendinn and his minions, if used effectively.’ Tinder nodded again, and Adem could see the man was interested in where this was leading. 
‘Therefore, I make you an offer, Tinder Hollows of the Eva’Hahlen. Go out amongst your clansmen and seek out one who is willing to bring leadership and unity to your people. A leader is needed to decide upon the fate and the wellbeing of the entire race. When you find this chief or king, tell him that Adem Highlander wishes to make a pact. To unite the blood of the old Dremelden and the Dark Elves, and to bring the Eva’Hahlen into the fold to ride against Jinn-Fendinn at the Ragnarök Battle.’ A confused look crossed Tinder’s face before he said, ‘The Eva’Hahlen do not ride.’ To which Adem replied, ‘To fight against Jinn-Fendinn at the Ragnarök Battle. To wield Jinn-Magic against the very source of such corruption. Driving the enemy so deep within the East Lands that they cower in holes and crevices, begging for death when we unleash our wrath upon them. If the Eva’Hahlen wish to be a part of this, find me a man or woman who will guide your people to such unity, for such a noble cause as the world’s fate. 
‘Will you swear to do this, Tinder Hollows?’ 
Tinder stared at Adem as if dumbstruck except for the kindle of dangerous knowledge within those dark orbs, before he finally gave a sweeping bow and spoke the words, ‘You have given great honour to the Lost Kin this day, Son of Odin and Blue Water Dragon. Your words promise much, perhaps the only foreseeable way for our clan to become accepted is for us to make peace and unite with your armies. I therefore see that this is a wise choice you have provided. I feel the weight of responsibility you have burdened me with. I swear by the honour of our ancient lineage, the Dremelden and as far back as the Nordic First Bloods, I will not fail you in this task so long as I am still able to draw breath.’
As Adem watched Tinder and his kin return to the forest before vanishing amongst the shadows, Adem felt a stir of emotion that was somewhat cleansing after the terrifying news of late. He felt that at least that one meeting had gone rather well. When he returned to the others, Tarz moved alongside his horse to comment, ‘I did not get the chance to warn you, Highlander, but I guessed you would offer them peace. If you had brought them substantial threat: or if you had brought harm to any one of them, I assure you there were more waiting close by. Perhaps a force large enough to do us some serious damage.’ Adem looked back amongst the trees but saw no sign of a single Dark Elf.
‘How many do you see?’ he asked Tarz after clearing his throat.
‘I don’t see any,’ Tarz replied. ‘That is the whole point. There could still be thousands in those woods with arrows aimed within firing range and you would not know it until you were dead.’
‘A wise choice then to offer them peace,’ Adem said, looking back again with eyes straining to try to spot just one of them. He saw none. The column began to ride again but at a slower pace, it was nearing early evening and they would need to make camp. Tarz suggested stopping close by a small village where they could visit an inn, to eat and drink while some of the men kept watch.
Adem was unsure of taking such risks so early on, but when they pulled rein close to the village of Cornbettelle, he found those amber lights warm and alluring. The scent of roasted meats and breads baking wafted in the air from the blue stone houses that made him wonder what they would be serving at the inn. And so, it came to be that after making camp and freshening up with bowls of warm water, Adem, Jean, Carl and Wil found themselves joining Tarz and a few of his men, as they walked merrily into the glowing common room of the Square Hoofed Faun. Well, the rest of them appeared to be in reasonably high spirits, yet Adem was still haunted by the memory of Isabelle. He couldn’t stop thinking about her, and he felt heavy with guilt and remorse for not treating her as well as he might have. 
They took a large table with room for the four of them, as well as Tarz and four of his men. More than twenty other Forsaken men and women moved to seats or standing positions around the room. Their presence had an instant effect on the faces and moods of the other patrons. Mostly men and women in commoner spun wool of blues, greens or reds, but some had the look of middle-class merchants in finer coats or silk dresses, peering at the Forsaken over their goblets of wine and ale mugs as if they were rabid wolves encroaching upon their territory. 
The innkeeper made his way to their table with a nervous grin, wiping his clean white apron methodically as he took their drink orders. Adem asked for a menu but the innkeeper simply relayed the dishes verbally, stating that there was fish in honeyed wine baked with parsnips and potatoes, roast duck in a red wine gravy with carrots, onions and sweet potato, chicken pie with mushrooms, onions and bacon or roast lamb cutlets in a rich gravy with mushrooms, peas, onions and broad beans. ‘All are served with complimentary bread baskets of a freshly baked assortment of seed, white and wholemeal breads sourced from local harvests,’ Tolbo Atalnor explained in a polite tone, after giving his name and the dinner menu, ‘and venison spiced sliced sausage meats from our very own deer farm located close to the village.’ The man was round as a very large grapefruit, with a sweaty face shaped like an onion. Beady black eyes and pale white tufts of hair around the ears. He was mortal, which was again unusual as this was still in Old Nordic territory, and a part of the Nordic Kingdom. The patrons were mostly Nordic blood, yet most of them had the sane expressions of those that were either very weak in Angel-Magic, or the men had followed the laws of the old decrees. To avoid wielding teron except in weekly meditation on Angel-Magic of Air, and the women had surely never dabbled in the Jinn Arts. That also suggested that most of them were quite young for Nordics. Most would be no older than a hundred years if they had never been in situations necessary to defend themselves via Angel-Magic or Jinn-Magic. 
Up until the last hundred years, wars were still common throughout the Free Lands. According to Tarz and his account of Kismerian history during Adem’s absence. Including civil wars in contest of rulers such as the current Nordic King and attempted usurpers of the throne. As well as countless attacks from the High-Servants and their Souljhin Generals, as they swept through the lands taking down vast armies with their tainted blades and Hellfire. Adem knew that many of those raids and attacks had been led by his son, Pendral. Acting as Jinn-Fendinn’s champion to bring terror and destruction to men, women, and children of all nations. 
His mood was sombre as he imagined such bloodshed and loss of innocent lives. Countless brave men and women who had fought and died to protect those that were too young, too old, or too weak to fight alongside them. Jinn-Fendinn was driving these people into oblivion, yet the immortal blood only dug their heels in deeper. Fighting back in the name of honour and duty, to preserve the hope of the nations. He knew there would be those amongst the mortals with the same degree of bravery and hope, but their lives were much shorter unless they were wielders. Great captains and heroes of the mortal blood faded into legend while the immortal kin endured.
Another thing he noticed while raising his mug of ale to his lips was the height of the ceiling in the common room, with large open fires on either end of the rectangular hall. The timber frames that supported the tiled roof were much higher than necessary even for immortals. He wondered at this until the answer entered the high carved doorway, thumping heavy boots against the slate floor. The twelve feet tall figure entered with adequate room to stand and make his way to a large chair—big enough for a bear!—close to the fire that Adem had until now failed to recognize as being far too large amongst the other tables and chairs. The Giant was male, old looking with a grey beard that hung halfway down his broad muscular chest. Wearing a woollen coat of dark blue and black leather trousers and boots. A long dark cloak flowing from his shoulders that seemed to drink in darkness similar to an Aldebrand cloak.
As the Giant was crossing the hall, he paused to look across at Adem and his companions. Surely, he had also noted the dozens of Forsaken patrolling the night surrounding the inn and the streets of the village, but when he looked at Adem with bright grey-blue eyes, Adem felt certain the Giant knew him for his strength in Angel-Magic. And his potential for destruction via Jinn-Magic. It was then that Adem realised in astonishment, that he was also sensing great strength in teron and Jinn-Magic within the body of this Giant! He was gazing wide eyed at the towering figure—knowing Carl and Wil would be also—when Tarz spoke up to say, ‘That there is Karbul Horn-Bow, an Alit’aren Giant. I forgot to mention the fact, but Giants are quite common in Kismeria these days. They have been ever since the Great Sea Invaders crossed the West Sea to invade the coasts of the West Lands. As well as bringing ships as far as the North Sea and also invading along the coasts of the South Sea. That was around the same time your grandson, Lord Rayne, was born into the world. Pendral fought against the invaders for many years, but eventually the invaders were given land in return for declarations of peace. 
‘The invaders were the kin of the Honds and other mortal clans of those you so often referred to as Vikings. They were tall as Nordics, fierce in battle and many were blatant wielders of Angel-Magic. As well as those amongst them like Old Karbul here, who was just a youngling in those days. He had already learnt to wield teron to devastating effect against his enemies. Pendral and the rulers that opposed the invasion eventually admitted that they could not continue to try to push such power back into the sea, and peace talks began. Those talks began almost five hundred years ago this very day.’ Talk of Adem’s son and grandson did not help to improve Adem’s mood in any way. Jean sipped at her wine goblet while listening to the tale with half interest. 
They had ordered two of everything on the menu to be shared amongst their table. Adem reached for a chunk of freshly baked bread to dip in the lamb gravy. He took a bite to chew with polite fervour after a day of growing hunger. Only eating a few mouthfuls of dried meats, flatbread and hard cheese washed down with water for breakfast and lunch. 
While they ate and talked amongst themselves, the old Giant sat in his chair drinking from a mug big enough to be a bucket with a handle. Glancing sideways from his seat occasionally as if wanting to speak with Sons of Odin and Daughter of Thor, but politely waiting until they had finished their meal. For this reason, amongst others, Adem asked the innkeeper to provide Old Karbul with whatever he wanted to eat, and drink, and to add it to their bill. The innkeeper nervously replied while wiping his brow with a white handkerchief, ‘It’s all the same to me, Lord Dragon, you see Old Karbul never pays here. He keeps the peace you see. There has never been a brawl in my inn since Old Karbul brought that throne of his in here over twenty years ago. He eats and drinks as much as he likes regardless of who pays for him.’ 
Adem nodded, half embarrassed, but insisted that the Giant’s meal and drinks be paid for by the gold Tarz had provided. The innkeeper stared greedily at the fistfuls of gold dragon marks that were handed over the bar to pay for Adem’s entourage. He would make enough money tonight to pay off all his debts and retire no doubt, as Jean had also insisted that Tarz be exceptionally generous when paying the man. 
Tarz was not tight fisted as far as Adem could recall, though he grumbled with a vexed expression to be parting with so much gold. Tarz looked even more disturbed when Adem informed him that Shienden had found the deer farm, and that Tarz would need to pay the innkeeper for the loss of a large portion of his stock. When Tarz returned he spoke to Adem in a gruff tone; ‘The innkeeper asks that you spare his king stag if it is in any way possible to command your pet dragon.’ 
‘I’ll put a good word in for him,’ Adem replied. That brought barks of laughter from the other men at the table, including Carl and Wil. Jean appeared sympathetic for the poor deer herd, and towards the innkeeper over his stress for the stag.
 This also gave Adem time to eat slowly, as well as enjoying plates of cheeses and dried fruit for dessert while the Giant ate lamb stew from a large pot, with several loaves of bread to dip and chew with a delicate grip. Karbul raised his mug in appreciation to Adem. The innkeeper must have explained that the Sons of Odin were paying for his meal and drinks. The Giant then gesturing to the innkeeper that his mug should be filled again. ‘Immediately, as I am thirsty!’ Old Karbul was saying in a boisterous tone that seemed to make the timbers tremble. The Giant’s deep booming chuckles were not unlike the sound of great trees snapping and beginning to fall after being chopped to an edge by a woodcutter. Karbul was huge, mighty, and impressive. Adem saw great potential in uniting men such as this for his cause also. He wondered just how many Giants were roaming the Free Lands. Tarz could only estimate that there were nearly a thousand including women and younglings. ‘Female Giants can be ferocious warriors also,’ Tarz explained. ‘A woman Giant with a sword or axe can be a terrifying foe on the battlefield. We realised it would be wiser to direct such potential against Boli-Kuldr and Jacoulra.’
‘Another wise choice,’ Adem agreed, staring at Karbul as if he were exactly what was needed to oppose the terror of Balor the Corrupt. Karbul was much taller than the current size of the evil Battle Angel. Perhaps even stronger in Jinn-Magic due to the waning Power of all Battle Angels. Adem had already seen evidence that perhaps Jinn-Fendinn also worked to provide Balor with greater strength than his Brothers and Sisters.
He returned his focus to Jean, who had eaten rather quietly and in a noticeably sour mood. Perhaps still brooding over Adem’s mourning for Isabelle. She picked at slices of the fine cheeses and ate grapes and dried prunes. Sipping at more wine when a number of performers entered in bright silks. A juggler and a fire twirler, a harp and a flute player, and a pretty Nordic woman with golden locks, in a ruby silk gown sewn with pink pearls. Jean noted the white foxes embroidered upon the sleeves and hem of the gown—Adem knew that was no coincidence. The entertainers had surely heard of the presence of the Saviours at the inn and the woman had dressed to impress by showing off her allegiance—which brought a pleased grin to Jean’s gorgeous red lips, lifting Adem’s own spirits a little as the pain in his chest lessened.
The musicians began to play. The golden-haired Nordic woman began to sing in a high smooth chant in the Old Nordic Tongue. Words translated by Arawn to Adem’s mind as the juggler began to throw and manage seven coloured balls in two circles. The fire twirler spinning sticks of golden flames as the mood of the entire room began to brighten. People began to clap in time with the music or tap their feet, or hands on thighs. Some of the women swaying in their bright silk dresses, faces like ornate porcelain dolls emanating the beauty of immortal kind. The Forsaken men and women around the room in their ghoda’sidhe armour and dark coats, boots, and trousers, continued to watch the patrons with wary eyes. Distrustful. Alert. As if they were half starved wolves wondering whether to make a meal of what might otherwise be a potential threat to them or their masters. Adem could do nothing about that, but he had made sure his bodyguards were well fed. Those within the common room and those on patrol around the inn and streets. 
He’d even told the innkeeper to send all the stock he could spare of lamb, pork and beef, to be loaded on a cart and sent to their campsite on the edges of the village. So that the others could roast meats over an open campfire rather than resorting to their cold rations. If he could cleanse the souls of these men and women by whatever means possible—even with fresh hot food—he would do everything he could to hold them back from the grip of madness and despair. 
The same could be said of Tarz and the men who sat with them at the table, who had eaten their meal as if chewing mouthfuls of ash. Hard faces and eyes lit with that dangerous and wicked glow. Even now their leader sat back with arms crossed and a fierce expression. As if the music could appease him only in the very slightest degree. Soul food and soul music, was there nothing left in this world that the people could still enjoy and appreciate? Music was once the very meaning of the heart and soul of the immortal people. It was their history. Their mind, body, and spiritual energies. The expression of their determination, compassion, and willingness to fight and endure. If they lost touch with these basic and fundamental principles of cultural experience, it might become very difficult to win them back from Jinn-Fendinn’s hold.
‘Are you not even able to enjoy yourself?’ Jean asked Tarz, as if reading Adem’s thoughts via their shared emotions through the kigare. Tarz glared back before the fire in his eyes faded a little, and he grinned like a cornered wolf as he replied, ‘I suppose you would like to see me prance into a jolly jig?’ It was meant as a joke, but Jean stood to take his hand in hers as she said, ‘I would be delighted, Lord General.’ Looking even more upset than before, a startled Tarz made his way to the centre of the floor with Jean leading. Then the two of them began to dance in a merry style common of Kismeria in the old days. Their rhythm was perfect as they flowed through the steps with grace, despite Tarz’s awkward expressions that suggested he wished to be anywhere other than here at this moment in time. 
Adem was unsure whether to feel immediately jealous and was perhaps even more so because there was no woman in their party for him to dance with. He looked towards one of the Forsaken women and she glared back as if she would eat his arm off rather than take his hand to dance. Fortunately, a dark-haired Nordic woman saw his unease and offered her hand as they took to the floor. More patrons joined in the dancing, and soon Adem was glancing around to see more relaxed faces even on the Forsaken in the room. Music and revelry were healing their afflictions, it was a small difference, but it was a start.
They were near to ending the second dance when the fireballs began to fall from the sky. Crash landing in a spray of orange flames upon impact with the street surrounding the inn. Forsaken men and women died in those flames without a single scream of pain or torment. Caught by surprise by the attackers, they would not let their deaths be a thing of less honour. Adem knew this as he raced outside the inn. Tarz and the others close behind.


Chapter 11



Evil Angel

The windows were ablaze with the flames surrounding the inn moments before they raced out the front door. Adem creating a Shield-Spell of matter manipulation while the rest followed with Shield-Spheres of Jinn-Magic. The streets were surging with red and golden flames. The front of the inn was burning, as were many of the blue stone buildings on both sides of the main street. A wide beaten path of hard clay that ran through the village’s heart.
The men and women inside the inn and other buildings were now screaming in terror of being burnt alive. Honour seemed not so important to them in the face of death, but they were young Nordics mostly. None of them had received the hard training of these Forsaken half-bloods and immortal kin. Honour would still be important to them, but clearly these village folks were truly afraid to die. Adem shouted to the other Forsaken that were exiting the inn, ordering them to rescue the villagers within the inn first, then those in the other buildings. They would need to find an escape path somewhere at the back of the inn, where the flames were not yet as intense as they were here.
Adem looked to the skies to see the source of those attacks. Four massive Krunloc swooped to land knuckles down and on bended red-black knees. Landing with a heavy thud against the path. Beating wings of hot coal in a circle surrounding Adem and his friends. They were followed by Balor. Dark armour with a beard and eyes of hot crimson flame. He landed with a similar thud of heavy boots. Standing only seven feet tall, yet his wings of flame and glowing double-bladed red axe gripped in both fists portrayed a fierce warrior. A serious threat to their diminished guard. Only three male Forsaken warriors remained in their circle: along with Tarz, Jean, Carl, and Wil.
They all waited to summon their Battle Angels. Adem had informed them of this via the kigare as the words transferred from Arawn, to Tanriel and his Brothers, then to the minds of Jean, Carl, and Wil. Adem could already sense that there was more to this trap, yet he was warned by Arawn that the others were requiring assistance from their Battle Angels to maintain strong enough Shield-Spells to withstand this heat. The four dark ram-skulled Krunloc stared with eyes of hot coal, dark muscular flesh burning like magma as each began to wield a sceptre of crimson fire. Around them the flames still oozed from the earth in hot waves, a red and orange-golden dance of scorching spiritual energies that would incinerate human flesh in moments without their defences. Balor and his Krunloc had already taken out over three hundred of Adem’s street patrol with the heat of those flames. Even now he saw no survivors, yet that did not mean they were not out there. Forsaken used the night like Dark Elves used their forests.
‘Dragon Son of Odin,’ boomed the voice of Balor. Terrible and cruel, the sound of a lost soul. ‘We come to offer treaty or death.’ The axe handle struck the earth as the sceptres of the Krunloc burned twice as bright. A sphere of crimson energies surrounded Adem and his companions. He immediately felt the force of that energy crushing against their Shield-Spells. Soon their defences would shatter. Even his, formed of matter manipulation, was not sufficient.
A warp of Air-and-Fire-Magic before his eyes brought the cloaked figure of the High-Servant, he now knew to be his son, Pendral. Wearing no mask this time, Adem immediately recognised himself in the face of this much older man. Even though his hair was black, as were his eyes, that pierced Adem’s soul with a dark hatred and malevolence. Jinn-Fendinn had his hooks in this one deep!
‘Why do you insist on fighting, Father?’ Pendral asked in a tone that nearly matched the sound of Balor. Pendral’s voice sounded also to be an attempted appeal, seeking to reach an agreement with the man responsible for his downfall and doom. A dark beard covered the face of the man who Adem knew now must have been around five hundred years old when he gave birth to Adem’s grandson, Rayne. Making Pendral now over one thousand years old. He looked no older than a sixty-year-old mortal, slight wrinkles, and streaks of grey in his moustache, fringe, and beard. He looked like a man in terrible pain, though the severity of his gaze was more than just the hatred of a madman. Those eyes also burned with Angel-Magic of a great Alit’aren. Adem sensed Pendral’s capacity in Jinn-Magic to be beyond his own, suggesting his strength in teron would be also. But this was really no surprise, Pendral was his son, and half immortal. Perhaps this fact was what made his son greater than himself. Perhaps this fact would be the reason Adem could not defeat him.
Pendral stood outside the sphere of light. With a raised dark gloved gauntlet, he closed his fist, and the flames surrounding them along the street were vanquished. Even within that sphere and his own shield, Adem detected the distinct stench of burnt flesh rising from corpses all around. Bodies of Forsaken men and women too slow to protect themselves in time, or perhaps too weak in Shield-Spells to deflect the scorching heat. He sensed Jean’s outrage via the kigare, though he tried to send soothing emotions in return as he prepared to reason with his son. ‘What do you want, Pendral?’
‘I want the same thing Jinn-Fendinn has requested of you all along, Adem Highlander,’ Pendral almost snarled as he spoke the words, his face contorted in the grip of a mad rage. ‘I want to see the Sons of Odin join with Jinn-Fendinn and his armies, in accordance with the Prophecies of the Shadow. 
‘However, I want this for reasons of vengeance, Father. I wish to see you suffer, as I have suffered for the curse you left behind when you abandoned this world. A curse you gave to me and to my son.’
‘Tell me about Isabelle,’ Adem interjected. ‘Did you murder your own mother?’ The mention of Isabelle had a stark effect upon Pendral. He quivered visibly as a forlorn and mad expression crossed his visage. Anger returned as he shouted in fury, ‘I did nothing to hurt her! It was not me!’
‘People say it was you, Pendral.’
‘They speak terrible lies! I would not hurt my own mother, I …’
‘You loved her?’
‘That was long ago, Highlander. Another account for your own guilt and suffering as you consider the ways you tormented my poor mother. Never showing her the affection that she desired and deserved. She was forever mooning over your memory. Yearning for the day you would walk back through our door.’
‘I could not help being away so long, my son. If I had another choice, I would’ve made every effort to spend time with you both, and your son, Rayne.’
‘Rayne is dead! Long dead and gone. My son is gone!’
‘They say you killed him too, Pendral,’ Adem’s tone was calm but at the same time urging, he wished to reach his son or make him snap!
‘More lies of the wicked and insane!’ Pendral retorted with outrage. ‘My son was a good boy. For the time I got to know him, he was honest and kind and compassionate. Nothing like his father. Rayne’s death is more blame for you to accept, Father! You brought the curse upon us! You cursed the line of Dragon-Sword! If not for you, we might never have even been born!’
‘I would feel much greater loss if that were so, my son.’
‘Do not attempt to lure me into false security with your deceptive words!’ 
The Shield-Spells were pressed near to breaking as the intensity of the crimson sphere began to pulse and flare in unison with its crushing force.
‘We do not have to fight, Pendral,’ Adem reached out to hold his son. Even though he was an evil madman. He tried to appeal to this wretched and tortured soul that was evidently too far gone for such efforts to appease. Pendral glared back in open defiance as he shouted, ‘Balor has given you your ultimatum. We offer treaty or death!’
Adem breathed the name, ‘Arawn.’
Jean said, ‘Tanriel.’
Carl growled, ‘Math Mathonwy!’
Wil shouted, ‘Eledisren!’ 
This time Adem was not so disappointed with his Battle Angels. The skies began to swirl in a vortex of grey clouds and lightning bolts of crimson, aqua, emerald, and gold. They fell like burning lances to strike the Souljhin that began to emerge from the shadows. Bolts of flame vanquishing dozens of the dark cloaked assassins. Forsaken warriors charged into the street in a blur of dark shadows. Crossing blades with more of the deadly demon-men as the four Battle Angels appeared. Tanriel had wings this time. Hovering over ten feet above the street as Flame Spears flew in all directions to punch through Souljhin armour: reducing flesh to charred smoking bones!
Dis Pater, Arawn and Math Mathonwy each picked a Krunloc to attack head on. The three male Battle Angels were each still much shorter than any of these particularly nasty demons. Yet they produced enough force to knock each Krunloc off its feet. The red sphere vanished and Old Karbul appeared from the shadows—with the aid of his Aldebrand cloak of darkness—to hurl a thick blazing blue bar of flame at the fourth Krunloc. Sending it flying through the air, to smash into a burning building and collapse with a heavy groan! A moment later Karbul charged to grapple with Balor. Crimson energies flared from the crumpled wings of the Evil Angel. Karbul held on in a crushing bear hug as a Shield-Spell of blue energies surrounded his own form! Evidently, Karbul knew of alternate spells via Jinn-Magic. Adem considered that perhaps one of the Forsaken had shown him the technique while rescuing villagers from the inn.
Pendral snarled as he drew his sword of crimson fire. Adem unsheathed his blade of emerald flame. Both crossed blades in a blaze of flying sparks and a sound like thunder that emanated from their enchanted steel. Adem found that his son was by far the greater swordsman. His immortal blood made him swifter in his movements, but Adem would not relent. He flowed through the sword forms in retaliation to Pendral’s attacks. Fighting back with ferocity and rage to increase his chances of survival. Seeking to find his son’s weakness. Pendral leapt into the sky to hover above him, over twenty feet high above the earth. Adem jumped after him, using his grasshopper technique to soar up to an equal height. Jinn-Magic wings of crimson flame burst from his shoulders. Holding him in the air as they crossed blades again. Fire and thunder roaring from the blades.
He had no time to watch the battle below. They moved higher and higher into the dark night sky, both fighting with extreme ferocity. Adem’s rage fuelled by the belief that Pendral had murdered Isabelle and Rayne. Pendral fighting back with the raging madness of a man who most likely believed that everyone but himself was evil and deserving to suffer, but his Father more than any other. ‘Haven’t you killed enough of your kin?’ Adem shouted over the thunder of the storm that still raged above them, as they flew through the lightning shower. Pendral raged his reply, ‘The blame is yours, Father! The guilt is yours to suffer until you accept despair and defeat! Surrender to Jinn-Fendinn! It is the only way I will let you be free!’
‘You are not free, Pendral! You are His slave! I see a madman before me! You could choose to fight back! Then perhaps you might be free once more! Your madness and paranoia hold you in His grasp! That is how He controls you! Fight Him! I have heard that you were once wise and noble and brave. Now you are lost, Pendral!’ Their blades whirled and clashed in a blur of red and green. Adem shouted to him in desperation; ‘I do not want to hurt you!’
Pendral sneered like a rabid dog before he replied in a cold hard tone, ‘Then you will lose, Father.’ The blades clashed with immense force. Adem was thrown backwards through the air by a blast of energies. He looked across the darkness to see Pendral swing his blade in a downwards swipe, a blur of crimson like a large boomerang hurled across the gap to strike Adem’s Shield-Sphere ... Time seemed frozen for the moment of impact. He saw the red energies collide with his aqua Shield-Spell, cracks formed around the sphere, the red assault found its way through his defences... Incredible heat and pain lanced across his chest, striking the left side, the wound flayed skin and flesh but there was no blood. It was a burning wound, seared and sealed before any blood could gush ... He fell from the sky! Hurtling towards the ground as he used the last of his strength to form another shield, cushioned within to ensure he survived impact with the earth. He looked below to see chaotic energies hurled around by Jean, Carl and Wil, and their Battle Angels ... Darkness and pain ... I’m sorry Isabelle, my love! I’m sorry Pendral, my son, if only I could change your fate, I would do it! It is my fault. I am to blame for all of it.
He heard Jean screaming his name in terror and outrage, but he could not reach her. He was falling through an endless dark sea of tainted shadows. He tried to swim to safety, but the bones of dead men’s claws gripped his ankles, dragging him down into the depths of burning corruption. His soul was journeying to the Underworld. He knew then for certain what he had always known. That he was damned! Jinn-Fendinn would have him one way or the other.

***

Rayne sat at the banquet in the Great Hall of the ancient Nordic city. The scene was one of beauty and elegance. Long tables lined the massive rectangular space, covered with brightly coloured cloths layered with fruits, leaves and vines. It was a merry occasion: they were celebrating the hope of the future. King Rodin sat beside Elarja at the head of the centre table, with Rodin’s wife, the beautiful Queen Elizaren Ravenhair seated to his right. The jade eyed woman wore a gown of shimmering emerald, a tiara that seemed to shine with pure energy, and jewels on her rings, bracelets, and necklaces. Rodin wore a dark blue robe of velvet over black Alit’aren coat and trousers. The First King even wore the three enamelled Rohjor pins of the Lion, Wolf and Dragon upon his high coat collar. Rayne later realised this was a sign of great respect to both Rayne and his grandfather, and perhaps to Pendral also.
The hall was filled with music and dancers, jugglers, performers, and magicians of the arcane arts. Sorcery to dazzle with flashes, flares, fizzles and sparks of powders and dusts that turned to coloured flames when cast into the air or breathed upon or lit up with a burning branch. There were a lot of fire entertainers, all of them Nordics, and Elarja informed him these were wielders of low potential, seeking studies into the elements purely to entertain the more powerful warriors that protected their lives from the demon threat. Though in truth, the tricks they performed were nothing compared to their true potential. They made Pixies of golden, emerald, or aqua light dance upon the tabletops, entertaining the slightly inebriated as they stared with gleeful grins. Some juggled spheres of glowing fire in double hoops that sounded off in musical notes as they whirled through the air with a resonating hum. Others created myriad of shapes, patterns and even animals of blazing flame. Lions roared in crimson red from a blast of light, changing to three swans taking flight in bright azure, to become a school of fish carved of emerald lacework-light that swam in unison to rise and dive in a startling burst of colourful patterns.
The tables were filled with silver and golden platters brought in by waves of Nordic sei’vani, bearing dish after dish of the succulent roasted fowl, pork, beef, or lamb. Basted duck in honey sauce with a crispy skin golden brown. Chicken with sautéed onions and mushroom, on and on the dishes arrived with exotic spices and herbs that burst with freshness in the mouth! Rayne ate slowly but with great pleasure. Tasting the wonder of this ancient food that seemed to contain the very Angel-Magic itself. The Children of Odin that were their bodyguards for the journey also sat along the head of the table. Rodin had provided them all a place of great honour at his table. Rievenna sat to Rayne’s right with Elarja to his left. His beloved Rievenna appeared to be also enraptured by the tastes, sights and sounds of the Nordic palace. He wondered again at the chance that she was with now with child, as they had tried for many years without success. Many years, as both Rayne and the immortal woman were over one hundred and thirty years old by the time Rayne had been rescued by Elarja. 
Rayne’s half immortal blood kept him quite youthful in appearance despite his years of experience. Rievenna would continue to appear young and healthy much longer than Rayne due to her full Nordic lineage. The question of why they had been unsuccessful at creating a child had been somewhat of a mystery for those years spent in frustrated attempts. Even the expert Ael Tarael healers could not say for certain whether the problem was in Rayne or Rievenna, or both of them. He wondered now if the incredible health of the ancient world, its rich foods and fluids of vitality, water and wine, would provide the necessary healing in either himself or Rievenna, to bring them a child to carry on the name of Dragon-Sword. 
He looked around the hall at the entertainers again. Letting his thoughts drift with the music of drums, flutes, harps, dulcimers, and cymbals. Mixed with the songs of Nordic men and women in high transcendental chant and deep and powerful majestic rhythms. The singers created images with their words, as the old Nordic Tongue was translated in Rayne’s mind via his Battle Angel. The transition was almost instinctive for him now, and he saw great battles of the ancient world. Incredible feats of creation as the Great Angels forged the seas, earth, and skies. The mountains, rivers and valleys, forests of the Great Trees where Druantia and her Green Man husband gave birth to Druantia’s Children. Mystical beings of godly powers, nimble long-limbed creatures that appeared half human, half leaf and wood. Whether tall or short, most were slender skin and bones and coated in a rich green lichen cloth and armour of jade leaves. Skin like brown parchment and eyes that glowed bright emerald or dark like black seeds. 
Elarja explained during this part of the song, that Druantia’s Children were still common in Kismeria during this Age, and that it was their alluring call that summoned the Nordics and Torvellen out of their cities and caves of stone to venture into the forests and woods. There, the immortal kin, that would be later known as the Dremelden, learnt of the Elemental Magic of the Children and their forest realms. The nature of trees and leaves and wood. Following the teachings of Druantia and her Sisters of the Forest, Great Angels of Earth, Stone, Wood, and Water. Druantia’s Children were also very strong in the enchantments of Fire-Magic. Wielding spells so great and powerful they outmatched even the Nordic bloodline that came to learn from them. It was their interest in Fire-Magic that had first tempted the immortals to seek out the Children, for they longed for greater knowledge to battle against the demon hordes that plagued the lands. Yet the teachings of Druantia’s Children were also that of peace, tranquillity in nature, meditation, medicine as well as Wood Lore. Hunting, tracking, archery, and the like. From the Children, the Dremelden also learnt to become the most fleet-footed of all the immortal clans.
Rayne was often entranced by the way even Nordics of this Age moved about, they could be fluid and slow if they wished to, and when they chose to stand perfectly still you might believe they were carved from stone. Yet if they chose to move across a short distance using their supernatural speed, to describe it as a blur to the eye would be an understatement. They seemed to simply shift from one point to the next, they were like human sized fairy spirits, beautiful, wise, and benevolent. Their very souls seemed to sing with magic—
A tunnel of fire appeared in the air above the tables. High up the emerald marble columns amongst the vaulted gilded ceiling, taking the form of a huge figure cloaked in shadows! Rodin and Elarja sprang to the alert, warriors and Aldebrands began to shout and drew their steel. The twelve feet tall ram skulled assassin raised dark gauntleted fists to strike the banquet guests with bolts of crimson lightning! Red energies flew from the dark gloved fingers of the beast as its eyes burned like caverns of flame within large dark orbs. Rodin struck back, hurling blue lightning at the floating figure as he shouted at the top of his lungs, ‘Shadow General in the Keep!’ The red and blue lightning flared and clashed: pushing against one another as both sought for dominance. Dozens of men and women were on fire from the first attack. Others sprang into action as Souljhin began to flow in through the side doors. Wicked red blades swinging to cut down Nordics in their path as they sought to reach Rayne.
Rayne had unsheathed his sword at the same moment that Elarja produced his four Time Stones clutched in both fists. The Stones flared with silver light then a sphere of many colours expanded from his fist to encompass the entire hall. Rayne was readying himself to spring for the attack upon this Shadow General when time seemed to stop completely! He paused, poised and about to leap across the air to strike at the enemy, when he looked to Elarja. The man staring back at him with a tense face that was frozen as if in ice. His emerald eyes staring at Rayne’s drawn blade as if all hope rested in its powers. Rayne gazed around the room in a daze to see that everyone in the hall had also been frozen in time! He had seen Elarja slow time within a sphere on many occasions, and he knew the man could easily travel through time, but here and now it seemed he had been able to halt time itself! 
The first frozen figure he had seen was the Shadow General. His focus had been fixed upon him when the phenomenon first occurred. He looked to the dark ram skulled beast again. Blade of valour burning bright blue. He leapt, through the air with Wings of Odin flaring from his shoulders to hold him aloft as he drove the blade deep into the chest plate of his enemy! Bolts of liquid-blue lightning surged from the blade. A flash of brilliance and a sound like thunder tore the air! Blue fire ruptured through the armour and flesh of the shadow creature. Even though time was still frozen, Rayne thought he could hear the sound of the beast wailing in terror before its body exploded in a shower of brilliant light and a spray of darkness, as its soul seemed to vanish in the air. He then unleashed bars of blue flame infused with the ancient might of Angel-Magic of this Age. Vanquishing the dozens of Souljhin that stood frozen around the room. Some with blades locked against Nordic or Torvellen warriors. Each assassin was obliterated by the force of his attacks.
He hovered there, looking in horror at frozen flames licking the flesh of men and women at the tables below. He managed to quench those flames with a crushing gesture as he waited for time to return to normal—
 Another tall dark and hooded shadow form appeared before him. This time, it was Death! Calliach he realised moved beyond time and space. He could not only reach Rayne through any time in history, it was proven now that Death was also impervious to Elarja’s time manipulations. Rayne was frozen in terror, not knowing what to do. He had heard of the terrible effects his grandfather had had upon the Doorway between Life and Death when Calliach was wounded several times by Adem Highlander’s Odin Spears. Rayne could easily get rid of Calliach here and now with a similar spell. His fear was how that would affect their journey through demon lands if those creatures became immortal, impossible to defeat!
Calliach lowered the great burning scythe blade. As if the Angel of Death could sense his conflict and seemed also cautious of Rayne’s potential to do him serious harm. When Calliach spoke, Rayne’s blood felt cold as ice, he shivered as if the room was filled with the souls of the dead, yet he heard those words clearly. ‘How will we play this game, Rayne Dragon-Sword? You will try to hold me back from my duty. But I will return for you, again and again, until you are returned to the spirit realm. There can be no two ways about it, the timelines must be repaired. Your escape from death has already caused many ripples that may bring chaos beyond imagining. Give in to destiny, Dragon-Sword. It would be easier for both of us.’ The scythe slashed in a half circle of crimson fire around the shadow figure. A symbol of power and ward against Rayne’s own magic. Rayne pointed his sword at the heart of Calliach, the blade beginning to burn with the light of an Odin Spear, summoned but not yet unleashed. Calliach hissed in fury at the insult, but Rayne spoke up, asking; ‘Can we make a deal?’
‘Death makes no deals!’ Calliach retorted, the sound sweeping over Rayne like a thousand wailing ghosts in the torment and agony of eternal damnation.
‘Call it a bargain then,’ Rayne replied with a grin, wielding the threat of the Spear while knowing it would only take one swipe of that scythe to cut his soul from his flesh. ‘A pact. To ensure our own safety, and survival.’
‘You will not survive very long, Dragon-Sword,’ Calliach sounded tense, but half amused. Yet there was a promise in that threat, the cold malice of the end of life. A frozen claw clutching at his heart. He looked within the shadowed cowl and saw the bone white skull of Death staring back. Orbs of golden-orange flame burning within those large dark eye sockets. ‘Tell me of this bargain, and I will decide if we can both benefit; either that or we shall fight it out. Know that if you defeat me now, I will simply return again to hunt you down. There is no escape.’
Rayne knew that was truth, yet the fact that Calliach had not yet taken his chances while Rayne slept, for example, was proof that there were limits to when and how he hunted his prey. ‘I will surrender to your will, when and if I decide that I have done all I can, and that my purpose is complete. If you give me this time, I will refrain from using my powers against you.’ The blade shone brighter in response to his words, a kind of threat of his own to show that he would use Angel-Magic if necessary, to survive. 
‘You drive a hard bargain, Dragon-Sword. My Master will not be pleased.’ Death sounded terribly vexed, yet he paused again as if in consideration, before the dark cowl tipped in a strange and eerie bow. The scythe sweeping sideways as the figure leaned over in a grand gesture before he replied, ‘I accept!’
‘How do I know you will keep your word?’
Death placed a claw of white bone against the left side of his chest as if scandalized by the question. ‘I am born of the Great Angels, Rayne Dragon-Sword. I am a spirit of honour and duty. In this case, honouring my word to you will take precedence over my duty to the Master. When your quest is done, call for me and I shall appear. But be warned, Dragon-Sword. Do not wait too long, for if you attempt at shirking our bargain, I will arrive when you least expect, and your soul will be mine.’
‘Where will I go when I go?’ Rayne asked Calliach as he sensed that the Angel was about to depart.
‘I cannot say. It is not my story to tell, that choice belongs to the Master. Your eternal destiny is forged by the way you live your life, Rayne Dragon-Sword. If you do not wish for a bad afterlife, be good in this life. Good to those that serve and fight for you, do not kill your fellow man unless there is due cause. Protect the innocent, fight for justice. I can tell you it has worked for others. It just might work even for you, Dragon-Sword. Even though you are cursed and the son of a corrupt madman who holds the fate of the world in the palm of his hand.’
‘My father was a good man!’ Rayne shouted with tears filling his vision. ‘He did all of those things. He fought for justice, peace and to protect the innocent!’
‘Not anymore,’ Calliach replied as his form began to melt back into nothingness. Before he vanished, Rayne thought he saw that pale skull grinning back at him.

***

Jean roared with fury! Hurling a beam of emerald flame at Balor the corrupted Battle Angel. The incandescent fire struck the taller figure’s Shield-Sphere of crimson, but the force of Jean’s attack still sent the Battle Angel flying through the air. The Giant Alit’aren, Karbul, had been overpowered by Balor only moments before Jean threw her attack. Now Karbul was staggering with uncertainty as two of the Krunloc charged towards him from both sides.
Karbul reacted, both fists moving out on either side with arms at full stretch. Beams of blue energy burst from his knuckles. Driving both enemies hurtling backwards. Massive hooves skidded in the dirt. Wings of magma beating against the air to reduce the impact of the blasts.
It was at that moment that time suddenly stopped ... Jean could only describe it in that way! Everywhere she looked, time was standing still. Every single figure standing around her was glued to the spot as if carved from lifelike stone. 
She turned to Adem in desperation. He had crash landed moments before, his Shield-Spell preserving his form on impact. But that terrible burn against his chest had taken its toll. She immediately searched for a way to reach him with Jinn-Magic. There was apparently no known way to perform Healing-Magic with the Jinn Arts. Terael was still out of her reach, although she could still sense it faintly both within her soul and all around her. She needed Carl’s knowledge. He would be the only one capable of finding a way to help Adem. With his ancient knowledge of Angel-Magic he was their best chance at discovering a way to provide Healing-Magic with the Jinn Arts.
Adem was deathly pale. Her sense of him through the kigare was that he was nearly lost to her completely. He was fading from this world, as if he were truly near to death! She knew she should be using these precious moments to take out the enemy where they still stood around her. But her concern for Adem was desperate. Finding a way to bring him back to health was their best hope of survival here and now. She did not think she could even destroy a Krunloc or Balor even if she attacked while they were frozen, blind, and unaware. 
Carl was standing close by, frozen solid like the rest of them. She moved to stand beside him, placing her hand on his shoulder. She tried to shake him into awareness and animation, but it was truly as if his flesh were made of solid rock! The realisation then struck her that Adem’s form had been soft, so he was not frozen like the rest of them. But his heart had not been beating! She ran back to kneel and place a hand over his chest as she worked flows of the Jinn into his heart. Jinn-Magic similar to Fire-and-Earth-Magic to try to kickstart his heartbeat.
It worked! She shuddered with elation as his breathing returned, so shallow yet enough to detect an even rise and fall of his ruined chest.
She cried out to the air, ‘Elarja, is this your handiwork? Where are you? Speak to me if you can hear me! We need your help!’ There was no reply. Time remained frozen still. She glanced around at the battle again, deciding her better hope was to use this time to her advantage. Her Battle Angels were of no use to her, as they too were all still as stone. 
Then she noticed something strange. Tanriel had moved! Jean realised that her Battle Angel was now pointing in her frozen stance. Tanriel’s eyes of blue fire shone with urgency, staring directly at Jean. Following the direction of Tanriel’s pointing finger, she saw that it was directing her to the two Krunloc on either side of Old Karbul the Giant. ‘You want me to take them out?’ Jean asked Tanriel who hovered motionless in the dark night sky. With a shrug after no reply, Jean turned to face the Krunloc again. This time she wielded Jinn-Magic to create twin Hellfire Sabres! Blades of crimson brilliance were unleashed from her fingertips—as corruption drenched her soul with a desperate urgency that was near to overwhelming as she gritted her teeth in disgust—with each of her hands sending a blast that struck the frozen demons. Impacting with a sound like rock splitting: the two figures began to melt into piles of burning slag!
She had the capacity to do something vital here she realised, turning to dispatch the other two Krunloc in the same manner. Those two had been in a contest of energies with Dis Pater and Arawn. Balls of golden and crimson lightning frozen in time between the figures until the Krunloc began to melt: their red energies vanished.
She left Balor where he stood. She could not find it in her heart to test whether she was able to defeat him. It truly broke her heart to see a Battle Angel in service to Jinn-Fendinn. If Adem decided he wanted to kill Balor, she would leave that up to him. Instead she focused on the Souljhin standing around her in the street. Many of them in stances of swordfights against Forsaken warriors. Harnessing crude flows of Jinn-Magic—vicious corruption scorching her mind and soul—she unleashed a storm of Acid Javelins upon the dark cloaked assassins. Crimson Hellfire split through the dark armour of the Souljhin: flesh and bones melted under the corrosive liquid that burst from each weapon! So, she had learnt an effective method of taking down Souljhin now also! Most were exceptionally impervious to Angel-Magic. Hellfire Acid ate away their flesh and bones to leave a bleeding and hissing mess where they had stood moments earlier. She would have to teach that one to the boys.
Suddenly she was aware that time was moving again. She quickly formed a Shield-Sphere, feeling Tanriel become awake again as her Battle Angel reinforced the strength of her defences. Jean turned to see Balor swinging his axe as golden-orange fireballs burst from the weapon. Flowing towards Jean like a tidal wave of destruction! She held up her arms as if that would increase the strength of the Shield-Spell. Arawn, Dis Pater and Math Mathonwy moved sluggishly in a slow-motion charge towards Balor. Their weapons flared with energy as time returned to normal. Everything happening in a blur as the three male Angels crossed the distance the moment Balor vanished in a retreat. Jean looked about frantically in search of more Souljhin. Forsaken were pouring into the street by the hundreds now. She felt secure enough that it was over.
‘Carl!’ she cried, rushing to kneel beside Adem. ‘You have to do something! If anyone can save him, it’s you! Find a way to help him, Carl, bring him back to me! I can’t bear to lose him, and if he dies, you know we can’t win!’ Tears were gushing from her eyes. Carl approached as a shadowy blur. He also knelt beside Adem to place a hand over the wound. The emotions could not be held back now that the danger was over. She trembled as the tears flowed. Covering her face with her hands to wipe her eyes clear.
‘Let’s get him to a soft warm bed first,’ Carl suggested. Forsaken warriors moved to lift Adem’s body and carry him off towards a suitable house, beyond the buildings that were still burning. It was a village White-Witch that offered to take them in when she saw Adem being carried through the street. Telsa the Crow she named herself. A raven-haired Nordic who appeared old even for an immortal. Lines around her black eyes and grey streaks through her fringe. She wore a blue robe with the hood removed and a silver necklace of twin snakes entwined around the Cross of Christ of all things! 
‘Yes, White Snow Fox,’ Telsa had said to Jean when the White-Witch noticed her eyes bulging at the necklace. ‘I am a Christian. Though I follow the old gods also within my studies of medicine and healing. I do not have the ability to mend his scorched flesh, but I have herbs and ointments to soothe the burn and reduce the chances of infection. Unless you can discover a way to revive him soon however, I fear he will be lost to us.’ Telsa spoke these words after pressing her fingers against the burn, then placing her palm flat against Adem’s chest as if sensing his injuries with what magic she was capable of. ‘That wound is beyond simply Hellfire and scorched flesh. It is an evil enchantment, corrupting his very soul. I fear this will infect him permanently, despite any hope you might have of bringing him back to health here and now.’ Telsa then went to the front of her shop to fetch the herbs and ointments while Carl leaned over Adem with his left hand pressed to Adem’s chest. ‘The White-Witch is correct,’ he said after a while. ‘I may be able to save him, but that wound is something different. It is a taint worse than the corruption on teron itself. Fortunately, it is something I can study. If Pendral had used his matter manipulation to wound Adem, it would be something too foreign for me to understand.’ He gestured to the wooden chair beside the bed. ‘Take a seat Jean. Get comfortable. This is probably going to take all night.’
Jean sat and began to take a better look at her surroundings, wrapping her arms around her knees, anxious and disturbed. This was apparently the only bedroom in the Widsom’s home. The front of the shop that they had passed through to enter the bedroom was filled with strange jars of liquids, potions and even preserved frogs, lizards, birds, and insects. She even saw a jar especially for eyeballs. Sheep eyes she assumed. There was only one lantern burning in the front area on the wooden desk that stood before the jars and hanging dried herbs and other things the White-Witch obviously liked to keep out of reach of the customers. There was an amber lamp glowing on the small dresser beside the bed, on the far side. Jean stared nervously at the shadows that moved in the flickering glow against the thatched straw roof. Rough wooden beams standing in twin triangles with more herbs hanging to dry that reminded her of plucked chickens in a butcher shop: shadows making their shapes only suggestive. ‘You didn’t ask what happened,’ she said to Carl as he gripped the black spear. Formed like dark glass and glowing with red light that increased slowly as he worked at either Healing-Magic or searching for a way.
‘What do you mean?’ he asked. His attention still fixed on Adem’s form, his patient now breathing more visibly with an even rise and fall of his chest.
‘None of you wondered where all the demons suddenly disappeared to,’ Jean said, staring up at the shadows again as she pulled her knees closer and hugged them tighter.
‘I saw,’ Carl replied, still not looking in her direction.
‘You saw?’ Jean asked in stark wonder.
‘I think we all did,’ Carl said. ‘Time had stopped, we could not move. But we could still see that you were able to move about freely. I could only see you when you stepped into my view. But I heard you. Felt you touch my shoulder and try to rouse me.’
‘What do you think made it happen?’ Jean asked. ‘Could it have been Elarja RinHannen?’
‘I don’t know how else it could have occurred,’ Carl replied. He paused, and looked at her as he said, ‘You did very well, Jean. I’m certain Adem will be very proud of you when I tell him what you did for him. How you saved us all.’ He smiled sadly after those words, returning his focus to his patient.
‘So, you think you can save him?’ Jean asked, fearing any answer other than a definite ‘Yes!’
‘I’m sure he will survive, Jean. I just don’t know for how long. This infection, it will change him. Corrupt his flesh in the same ways Jinn-Magic infects his mind, just as the Jinn Arts will do now that we are forced to wield them. Also, I can sense that this Jinn-Magic is some kind of curse upon his soul. I imagine Pendral is an expert on such matters.’
‘What if he returns?’
‘We are well guarded,’ Carl said. 
Tarz stepped into the doorway to ask, ‘How is he doing?’
‘Wait outside,’ Jean said dismissively. Tarz raised a dark eyebrow before he moved back out of view. Telsa appeared soon after with arms loaded with jars of oils, ointments, and herbs of both a sweet and those of a pungent raw aroma. With Carl’s approval she mixed the herbs in hot water and poured tiny amounts past Adem’s lips. Apparently even some on his tongue would have a reviving effect. She set to treating the wound with a paste that she rubbed in forcefully and even touched a smear of it under Adem’s nose across his top moustache. Adem had not shaved for a few days, and his dark stubble was starting to appear as a thin beard. Yet his moustache was trimmed and cut close to the skin, he no longer wore such a heavy thick amount of facial hair. The triangle from bottom lip to chin was also cut quite thin. He still looked as handsome as the first day she set eyes on him, and she recalled now how her heart had melted over his nervous smile and eyes like burning blue ice.
Please wake up, Adem. I can’t do this without you.
Shienden roared in outrage as he circled the White-Witch’s house from the sky. He had returned not long after time returned to its normal flow. He had continued to scout the town from above.
‘His pet dragon sounds mighty distressed!’ Telsa said to Carl.
‘Shienden considers Adem to be his Father,’ Carl admitted. ‘I’d say he would be furious. Tell me about that cross you wear. You said you call yourself a Christian?’
‘There are many that follow the wise teachings of your Holy Bible, your stories of Jesus Christ that you left for us to study. The Holy Cross is a symbol of power to defend against Nightwalkers.’ Carl seemed baffled by those comments, but then he asked Telsa, ‘Do the vampires from Nordhel cause you threat or harm?’
‘The Lady Hayley keeps most of them in check,’ Telsa replied with wide eyes. ‘There are sometimes those that turn feral, craving human blood they flee the Hive and head south seeking victims. It is the Southland vampires that are the real terror in this world. Thank the gods that they are unable to invade our lands. Sunlight is still too damaging to their flesh, even in the grey winter storms. Prophecy says they shall invade again during the Ragnarök Battle. When the clouds of Kerak’Otozi swell and flow to cover the Free Lands as they did a thousand years ago, at the Dawn of the Age of Chaos.’
‘Do you know a lot about the prophecies?’ Carl asked with interest.
‘It is a part of my training to become a White-Witch,’ Telsa said as she continued to work the balm over Adem’s burn that stretched from his left shoulder. Across his heart and down past his ribcage to abdomen. The scorched flesh was ghastly in the air, and the wound was pitch black with no sign of improvement despite the work Carl was attempting. ‘White-Witches are a village trade for low level wielders. Before terael was lost from the world I had some ability to wield Healing-Magic, yet I know nothing of such abilities via the Jinn Arts. 
‘I am watching you, studying what you are doing to him. It is a complex series of spells via the Jinn Arts. You purify the Angel-Magic as you work them into his flesh and spirit. After that they vanish from my sight. Are you converting them back to Teron-Magic?’
‘Something similar to that,’ Carl said with a frown of concentration. ‘But teron is still out of my reach. It is the Jinn Arts that I wield, though you are right that I am altering that magic. Purifying is an adequate explanation.’
‘You are perhaps the wisest wielder in all of Kismeria, Carl Wilder!’ Telsa said as if in shock. ‘I had heard the legends of your miraculous knowledge and ability. I still would never have believed what you do now is possible unless I was here to witness it.’
‘We all have time to learn something new,’ Carl said.
‘Yes, but such knowledge is precious and vital!’ Telsa said anxiously. ‘You must teach others what you know so that others can then be taught. The learning will spread until we are better equipped to deal with our conditions of damnation.’
‘We are not damned yet,’ Carl said in a determined way. Jean considered the comment by Telsa and asked her; ‘Do the people of Kismeria believe they are being punished?’
‘There are theories that the Lord God is displeased with us. Some believe this is the reason Angel-Magic was taken away from us, to punish us for our failures. For this reason, the Christians pray to the Son of God to grant us Angel-Magic once more, and to restore the Great Angels to their former might. So far it is to no avail. Christ’s Power is only slight in this world, yet it seems to grow as his followers increase in number.’
‘That is possible,’ Carl offered in return to her theory. ‘But if God were capable of returning Angel-Magic, I believe he would do it. I think it has to do more with matters here. Pendral’s Komputah more likely. If he created it, he could have altered its programming. In whatever manner it need be achieved. 
‘I cannot trust an omnipotent device that is created by a man so mad and terrifying. A man who willingly serves the Shadow.’
Jean sat forward, suddenly stunned by Carl’s words. ‘I think you’re right! What else could be so powerful that it could control Angel-Magic across the entire continent? We have to crush the source of Komputah’s energy. It is surely a tool Pendral and Jinn-Fendinn would be using against us!’
‘Remember that Jinn-Fendinn sees through our eyes, and He hears what we say,’ Carl said as he gazed at her with concern. ‘Try not to plan too far ahead. Or I think Pendral and Balor might return to take another shot at us while we are so unprepared.’ Tarz appeared in the doorway again to say, ‘The Giant watches the front door.’
‘Who’s watching the back door?’ Jean asked with scorn.
‘Hundreds of my warriors have this building surrounded,’ Tarz said with confidence in his dark eyes and tone of voice.
‘A lot of good they did when the fireballs hit the street!’ Jean replied.
‘I have the entire legion scouting this village and surrounding areas, Snow Fox,’ Tarz said in irritation. ‘Perhaps the Daughter of Thor would like to give me a more direct order, as I live to serve her commands?’ That wolf’s grin touched his face as he waited for her reply, to which she simply said, ‘Wait in the hallway and don’t disturb us again unless I summon you, Lord General.’ Tarz vanished with a look of being vexed to the point of internal scars. But before he left, he said to Jean, ‘My people are strong and quick witted. I train them as best as I am able, but they are not invincible. No one is so strong and talented that they cannot be defeated by another. They were caught by surprise and attacked by a force greater than their own abilities could withstand. I cannot promise that there will not be more lives lost. I just do what I can to ensure the Saviours are there to fulfil the prophecies at the Ragnarök Battle.’
As the tall dark armoured figure moved out of view, Jean thought to herself, I surely hope that one is telling the truth. If he turns out to be crooked, I’ll skin him alive!
In a moment of guilt, she called him back to say, ‘Tarz?’
‘You summoned me, Snow Fox?’ he replied as he stepped back into view.
‘I enjoyed the dance,’ she admitted with a smile.
‘I did too, Jean Fairsythe. You dance quite well, for a mortal.’ Those dark eyes of his burned with emotion, relief, gladness, but the flames of near madness were forever hiding in plain sight.

*** 

Wil stood guarding the front door of the White-Witch’s shop. Doing his best to question the Giant as the figure towered over him as a dark shadow. Bearded face traced by slivers of moonlight to reveal a grim determined expression. ‘I try not to get involved with the matters of the world,’ Karbul was saying in a tone like gravel being scraped over steel. ‘I have kept the peace at the village inn as my duty to the innkeeper. He returns the favour by filling my mug and bowl every evening. 
‘I came to the Free Lands on the first ships of the Great Invasion, the Conquest as we named it amongst our clans. A Giant that could wield teron was considered valuable to the Honds and other clans that sought to seize these lands for themselves. Though we are rare, more often the strength of a Giant is in their ability to exert pure force of muscle and bone.’
‘I can certainly appreciate that,’ Wil said with a nervous grin, gazing up at the figure and wondering at the chance of upsetting Old Karbul with the wrong tactic of inquiry. ‘Would you be interested in submitting your services for a greater cause?’ The Giant raised a thick grey eyebrow in question. ‘I saw what you are capable of. With the failing strength of our Battle Angels, we could really use someone like you in tight situations, especially against Balor.’
‘It is a great tragedy to see a Battle Angel turned to the Shadow,’ Karbul agreed. ‘Service to the Sons of Odin would be a worthy and noble calling. I fear the strength of Balor will prove to be a match greater than I could contend with, however. He displayed abilities that were beyond the capacity of his virtuous Brothers and Sisters.’
‘Our Battle Angels are getting stronger too!’ Wil said, anxiously searching for a way to win this argument. ‘They will assist you, and although Balor seems to be getting stronger also, the Battle Angels are apparently becoming something close to mortal flesh and bone. I believe you are an even match for him. With your ability to wield Jinn-Magic, you might even be just what we need to defeat him!’
‘I do not relish the concept of being responsible for destroying a Great Angel.’ Karbul sounded reluctant to be convinced of such duty.
‘You could at least serve as our bodyguard,’ Wil said in earnest. ‘I’m sure Adem will grant you whatever you desire. Wealth, luxuries, even a place of high office!’
‘You think your Highlander will recover from his injury?’ Karbul sounded utterly uncertain of that possibility, but Wil grinned and replied, ‘Adem will be just fine. He won’t be beaten by a single battle. I’m sure he’ll be back on his feet in no time.’
‘And you say Adem Highlander will provide me a place of honour in the ranks of his forces?’
‘If you prove more than useful in protecting us against Balor and his cronies, I think Adem would give you any title you might ask for!’ Wil was emphatic in that claim. Old Karbul seemed to be mulling it over with slow rhythmic grumbles. ‘But who will protect the village folk?’
‘When the Sons of Odin, and the Daughter of Thor are around,’ Wil said with some gusto, ‘the problems of the world are sure to become greater than the potential harm to one village. You could serve a much greater cause by joining us than you would if you chose to stay here and watch the inn.’ The Giant made more pondering sounds before he grunted, offering his huge hand for Wil to shake. ‘I gladly accept your offer, Wil Martyr!’ Wil gaped at the huge open hand that was bigger than a shovel. He put his comparably tiny hand into Karbul’s to find the Giant’s grip was surprisingly delicate. His skin was thick, course and rougher than bark. Wil smiled nervously as he said, ‘I welcome you, Karbul the Giant, into the service of the Saviours of Kismeria. My friends will be more than pleased when I give them the good news!’ 
The alert faces of the Forsaken standing guard appeared to brighten over this. Dark garbed men and women that were still visibly on edge over the recent attack. Their honour would be blemished severely by the apparent failure of their brothers and sisters. In Wil’s opinion they had all done their best. He was certain the survivors would have exerted some serious force if Jean had not found herself responsible for saving them. That act by Jean most likely also filled them with shame, for their honour was so closely connected to their duty as protectors of the Sons and Daughter. After a few more kind words exchanged with Karbul, Wil entered the front door to discover what state Adem was now in. He could sense a great struggle for survival in Adem’s mind and spirit via the kigare. Adem would recover though, he was certain of it. 
Everything depended on that.

*** 
Adem still struggled in the dark sea of shadows. Fighting to swim to the surface where a pale light glowed through the darkness. Skeletons of dead souls kept on grasping at his heels to drag him back, deep under the abyss of the Underworld, crimson fires burning far below. A swirling mass of magma in a vast pit that emanated intense heat and a corruptness that spoke of Jinn-Fendinn and his demonic subjects. Surging in the cataclysmic torment of Hellfire.
He did not want to meet such a fate, and as yet he had been able to avoid being pulled that far down. Yet he had no ability to protect himself other than his own bone and sinew, using his waning strength to struggle free from the clutches of the damned that sought to draw him into the heart of hell.
He heard Jinn-Fendinn’s laughter echoing through those shadows. Figures of charred bone hissed with corrupt glee as they continued to swim after him each time that he attempted escape. Hundreds of cursed men, thousands perhaps. It seemed that there was more each time he broke free and swam for the surface. He had not yet reached closer than halfway up through the darkness until he was dragged back into the depths.
He tried everything, Angel-Magic of teron, his matter manipulation, there was nothing at his disposal. Even his emerald sword had vanished from the waist belt of his dark coated ethereal form, his body fading and becoming transparent the more time he spent in this cursed realm. He knew if he were not able to escape soon, those servants of hell would take the last of his strength. He would be helpless to resist as he made his descent to Jinn-Fendinn’s lair. He also knew that the suffering in that realm would be eternal and unbearable. It would at least last as long as time itself, until Jinn-Fendinn broke free from his prison. Adem was responsible for making sure that never happened, yet Pendral’s attack had threatened not only Adem’s life, but the fate of Kismeria and perhaps all of space and time! 
Existence was at threat!
He kicked savagely at the skull of a pale boned figure and the dead soul lost its grip. He swam upwards once more with the determination and responsibility of it all weighing upon his mind like an avalanche of molten stone. Yet he found new strength in that sense of purpose. He understood the importance of survival. Not just in the hope of avoiding damnation for a little while longer, but also for his direst wish to please and appease his Lord God. To find forgiveness and redemption by completing the prophecies and defeating the threat of Kismeria’s eternal doom and destruction! He could not fail! He would not fail!
His desire to be with Jean again also carried him higher through the shadows. The dark mire was thicker than oil and reeked of a foulness against the soul, yet the image of Jean desperately waiting for his return also filled him with new hope rather than a simple desperation to continue living. He glanced down to see waves of those servants of hell surging up through the dark sea. He kicked frantically at his surroundings that were suddenly becoming more like a thick gel. He wanted to scream in terror as their dark eye sockets seemed to gleam with Hellfire in their pale skulls, that were charred and blackened in patches, as if their flayed and scorched flesh still clung to their bones in places.
Jinn-Fendinn’s tortures were their long-endured suffering, and each cursed man wished deviously to share that fate with the Blue Water Dragon.
Then something changed. A fraction of power returned to him, and even though it was only Jinn-Magic, he was able to use it to assure his escape. Hellfire Wings of Odin flared from his shoulders like crimson acid, yet he altered the Angel-Magic to make them burn pale blue! The wings carried him soaring up through the darkness towards the pale light of the surface, and Jinn-Fendinn roared with outrage at his potential escape. Adem heard Jean calling his name from the surface. He also sensed that this surge of the Jinn was the result of his physical form receiving Healing-Magic to some extent. He knew it must be Carl’s efforts as only he would have such knowledge. He felt that it was true via the growing connection of the kigare ... Adem sat forward in a cold sweat. Breathing in a frantic pant as his eyes searched the gleeful faces staring back at him. In the pale amber light of a small and otherwise darkened bedroom. 
Carl leaned over him with eyes that searched his own for something more than merely recovery. Jean leant forward to hug his neck, as the fire of his terrible burn flared up across his chest. He felt there also a corruption that was deeper and more permanent than the actual wound. He winced and groaned as Jean released her grip to say, ‘Oh! I’m so sorry, Adem, my poor darling! But I’m glad you’re awake! I was more than half terrified that you would not recover. We were all so worried about you!’
‘I’ll be fine, Jean. Don’t worry yourself,’ he said it with a soothing tone, as he tried to move his legs over the side of the bed to stand. Pain in his chest hit him like a charging bull of magma striking against his flesh. He cried out in sudden shock and anguish as his body fell back against the bed. He heard Jean begin to sob as he stared at the light and shadows dancing across the thatched roof. He breathed slowly as he waited for the pain to ease, when a Nordic woman looked over him to say, ‘That balm will take more time to reduce the damage to his flesh, but the wound will begin to scar soon if applied every day.’
‘We will require you to join us,’ Carl said to the woman. ‘You are the only one who knows how to create the balm, and we still don’t know how long we will need to use it on him.’
‘I would say three to four weeks,’ the woman replied, and he later learnt that her name was Telsa the Crow. A fitting name for the way her dark hair flowed around her chiselled face and hooked beak of a nose. Large dark eyes searching his face similar to that of a bird of prey.
When he was able to sit forwards again, Jean and Carl began to explain their new theory regarding Pendral’s Komputah. It was during that time that Adem realised their first quest had started to take shape. The concept of finding a way to defeat a force as wide reaching as the internet, that was also fuelled by Angel-Magic, was a daunting thing to consider.
‘First we must get to Janeanne,’ Adem said as he tested his strength to stand. His legs were not sore, but the pain in his chest made it difficult to get out of a sitting position. Wil appeared in the doorway a moment later to say, ‘What about Hayley? We have to get to her too, and my daughter. I’m worried out of my mind about them. Hayley is ... different to how she was when we left her. 
‘I won’t know the whole of it until I see her. We need to head for the Hive as soon as we reach Janeanne.’
‘I understand your concern,’ Jean said with compassion. ‘We will do our best to reunite you with your wife as soon as possible, Wil. Just try to hold on a little while longer. Then we will visit this city of Nightwalkers, though I truly hope that Hayley has not changed too much, or we might find ourselves in very hot water.’
It was nearly daylight when they left the White-Witch’s shop and made their way into the street. Their horses were waiting near the door of the hut and Tarz’s forces were assembled and ready to ride out. Jean and his friends would be exhausted by the end of the day’s ride, but he felt as much as he also saw that they were overjoyed that he had survived. He felt that responsibility again, yet he also felt the corruption of that burn eating into his flesh like a death virus. If they could not discover a more effective form of Healing-Magic soon, he feared he might not survive very long. When Adem saw Old Karbul loping alongside the riders, keeping pace with a gallop, he felt assured that they might yet survive another encounter against Balor the Corrupted. He considered perhaps that this Giant Alit’aren was the only adequate bodyguard against such a terrible foe.
He sensed that the thought was vexing to Arawn. Adem had no words of comfort for his Battle Angel residing within the blade at his hip.

Chapter 12




Fallen Kings

Orion moved through the sword forms, in the coat and trousers of the torin’sidhe. Camouflage colours blending with the grass and trees around him as his soul became one with the air, the Aldebrand gift flowing through his veins. His heart beating in a slow rhythm in correlation with the fluid movements of his body. Becoming one with the blade as he also sought the calm of the Tar’deith, the True Flow that any Agnar must seek and know to achieve a true state of unification with the elements. The steel of his sword becoming an extension of himself, the means to cut down his enemies or defend his ground, and that of his dearly beloved wife. Elmira sat on the front porch of their home watching him as he breathed in a slow controlled calmness to increase the focus of his practice.
Tobin joined him nearby on the patch of grassland close to the flowing waters of Red River, the sun shining brightly in a pale blue sky with patches of white clouds. Tobin’s blade glowed with a faint emerald light even in the sunlight. Just as Orion’s shone pale golden. Tobin dressed in the dark coat and trousers of an Alit’aren, their Aldebrand cloaks flowing behind their forms like a shadow of raven’s wings. They were two fallen kings, due to the justice enacted upon them long ago by the Daughter of Thor. With their swords and their status as Alit’aren Aldebrands to their wives, and their names of legend, they retained some honour in this world. This was how they chose to reflect that honour, through diligent training with their first and foremost weapon. Angel-Magic had been denied to them as a weapon on that same day of judgement, over a thousand years past in the histories of Kismeria. Amongst the mortals of this Age that were unable to wield, even those with bones now decaying in the dust, that day had become legend. The day two Immortal Kings and their Queens were cast down from their thrones. Their crowns taken away. Their right to rule their clans obliterated by Jean Fairsythe’s justice. Knowing that the other option was almost certainly death, Orion was still grateful for the mercy the White Snow Fox had shown them that day. An example had to be made, and the impact of that judgement caused ripples amongst the other wielders of this world to the point that perhaps a much greater catastrophe had been avoided. 
Mad Alit’aren and corrupted Ael Tarael had still caused great hazard and harm to the people and the land, but there were many that continued to obey the decree to outlaw male wielding and also outlaw practicing the Jinn Arts. Many of those wielders were amongst the villagers of Red River. A community that still served Orion and Tobin and their wives as if they were still the rulers of Tarvel and Nordhel, but the four of them did their best to avoid that fact ever being proven. They shied away from those that requested advice, when they really sought an order, although both Orion and Tobin would eventually always give in and offer their expert opinion on a matter. The asker would then reply that it was sound advice, while the former rulers knew in their hearts that this was exactly what the asker would do, as if it were an order from their King. In a way Orion and Tobin were the two unofficial Mayors of Red River. A fact that would certainly displease the Snow Fox, but there was no way to avoid it. The people refused to appoint another, and so the two men continued to bear the responsibility of leadership. Even though this was a matter in direct conflict with Jean Fairsythe’s orders. 
Nordic children watched the two men practicing the sword forms from a distance. Large eyes staring in wonder as they sat amongst the grasses and flowers, their Aelfin ears twitching at times when they giggled with glee. The children wore simple leathers or animal skin coats and trousers. Trade was scarce in Red River. The economies of most nations were near broke. Families had to survive with what they could source from nature most often. Weavers and blacksmiths were revered as demigods for their potential to restore some sense of order and modernity to society. White-Witches were also considered precious, especially for their medicines and potions in a time where Angel-Magic and Healing-Magic were no longer available. There were leper colonies now, something that had not existed in Kismeria ever before. It was a dark omen, when the ability to restore health became reliant upon mixing herbs and balms, and when cuts could be become deadly via infection. Such a thing was startling to consider in this world. They were losing the war against the Shadow. Jinn-Fendinn was spreading his venomous curse upon all life, the people, the elements, and the land itself. Unless Angel-Magic could be restored, sickness and infection could become the catalyst for disaster. There had always been Alit’aren and Ael Tarael working at Healing-Magic throughout the Ages to reduce such illnesses to the point that they were nearly non-existent. Anyone who became sick was cured by the work of Healing-Magic, even in small towns and villages there had always been at least one who was capable.
They needed a miracle.

*** 

Elmira sat on the porch in the old rocking chair, Lydia in the one beside her as they watched their husbands change from single practice to facing each other as they began to duel. Hawk Moth Flutters changed into Bear Claw, then flowing into Bull Horn, River Warden and Blood Peaks. Those were Orion’s forms, as Tobin defended his ground with Serpent Sway, then Red Ram Charges changing into Icicle Slivers to deflect Orion’s Bull Horn attack. They moved with the slow fluid grace of hardened bone and sinew, the two of them almost in a trance like state as they allowed the elements of nature to guide their spirits into the state of calm known as the Tar’deith. While the extra alertness of their Aldebrand training would be providing a heightening of the senses via the gift.
The children watching nearby began to shout and applaud the two warriors. They were tall, dignified, and noble, with the prowess of a Tiger and Lion. It was epic to behold. The clash of steel rang out in the morning air as the scents of log fires and freshly baked breads and pies floated on the breeze from surrounding houses. Elmira truly loved her new home, although the luxuries of being a Queen still brought back memories that left her perturbed at the best of times. Yet the rustic little shack her husband liked to call a manor was still adequate for her needs. They were surviving, and the extra strain of raising Janeanne was compensated by the donations of the townsfolk of Red River. Even by those that had no idea the young woman was in fact the daughter of Adem Highlander and Jean Fairsythe. 
Janeanne stepped out of the doorway onto the porch. A tall and radiant image of her mother, long golden curls and clear burning blue eyes that bulged with the innocence of a young woman. It had been twenty years since the day Elmira found Jean’s daughter as a little girl by the river. Yet Janeanne had still never spent the night with any boy or man during her upbringing, and her inexperience showed in the way she walked and talked with a youthfulness that was almost beguiling to witness for a mortal woman of her age.
It was no surprise really. Besides the fact that Janeanne was extremely beautiful, no boy or young man in town had ever dared to knock on Orion Demon-Slayer’s front door, to ask his daughter out on a date. It was really a silent agreement between the four of them. The former rulers knew Jean Fairsythe and Adem Highlander would be devastated that their baby girl had grown up in so short a time. If they then had to learn that she had also been married since her eighteenth birthday for example, well, there’d be hell to pay to say the least.
 Elmira loved Janeanne with all her heart. She had raised the girl as if she were her own offspring. Lack of being ever able to bear a son or daughter of immortal blood for her husband was an eternal sorrow for both of them. Janeanne had brought them the joy of a child they had longed for since they were first married. 
‘I’m done with the washing up, Mother!’ Janeanne said, almost bursting with excitement at the dawn of a new day. She was known to be on any morning when the sun was shining. On cold, wet, and stormy days her mood was still cheerful, but the sunlight she said reminded her of her real parents. Those early years that she could still recall in some detail. Elmira no longer argued over the title Janeanne gave her. If she wanted to think of Elmira as her Mother and Orion as her Father, Elmira would allow it for as long as it took for her real parents to return for her.
‘You look lovely in that dress, Janeanne,’ Lydia said, pausing with a white porcelain teacup raised to her chin in delicate fingers. Janeanne wore a dress of pale blue silk, embroidered with white birds and flowers across the breasts, neckline, sleeves, and hemline. Elmira had sewn the dress recently after acquiring the silk from a trader who visited Red River. He was happy to make the trade once the old mortal had tasted some of her jams! They could not afford many new dresses for the girl during her upbringing, but they always managed to acquire what was needed when it was needed.
‘Oh! Thank you, Aunty Lydia. It is simply fabulous, is it not? Mother I’m so grateful for it. I waited till I had finished washing up the breakfast bowls before trying it on. I don’t want to get it worn out or dirty, so I think I’ll change back into an older one soon. Perhaps one of those lovely blue woollen robes with the red embroidery?’
‘You should wear the dress the entire day,’ Elmira said. ‘You do look lovely and I like to admire you in it. Orion will like very much to see you wearing it when he finishes his swordplay.’
‘Oh! Yes, yes, I want Father to see me in it too! I’m so excited, Mother. It will be only three more days until it is my birthday! Are we still having the surprise party on the village green that day and evening?’ Lydia groaned as Elmira made a low growling sound in her throat, before looking to Janeanne with an expression feigning innocent unawareness as she said, ‘Party, Janeanne? I’m not sure what you’re talking about ... we were planning to have a nice meal at the inn with a few friends. That is all.’
‘Oh, never mind the surprise, Mother,’ Janeanne said with a grin. ‘Selvia Ontorbros overheard the planning by her mother and father the other night. I know all about it. It’s going to be just wonderful, Mother. Thank you, thank you, thank you! I will save the dress until then, once Father has had a good look at me in it.’ Janeanne then leant forward to kiss Elmira on the cheek before moving back indoors with a cheerful whistle, she was a very good whistler!
Elmira sat back in the chair as a cold fury began to wash over her, and she began to plot just how she might get her revenge on silly little Selvia Ontorbros for not keeping her big mouth shut, and for ruining her very carefully arranged attempt at a surprise for Janeanne’s birthday!
‘Someone would have told her eventually, dear,’ Lydia said, reaching over to lay her right hand on Elmira’s left arm. ‘You’ve been planning that party for months now,’ she spoke at a careful whisper to avoid spoiling things even more. ‘Janeanne will act surprised all the same. That girl can act surprised when you serve up kidney pie on a Freyaday!’ 
Elmira began to chuckle before she replied, ‘Even when they’re leftovers from Thorsday!’ The two of them burst into fits of laughter, joyous to have a young person to love and adore. Lydia and Tobin thought of Janeanne as more than their niece, she was like a daughter to them too.
They returned their focus to the duel. The two men were moving with fluid speed now. Their movements so swift it would almost blur to the eyes of a mortal. They danced around the field as each man pushed the other to their extremes of attack and defence. Clash of blades growing louder as the golden and emerald steel shone brighter in the morning light. They would be hungry after such work she considered, and so she suggested to Lydia that they begin to prepare lunch.
‘What do you have in mind?’ Lydia asked, to which Tobin and Orion shouted the reply in unison, ‘Anything, as long as it’s not kidney pie!’ 
‘Their Aelfin ears must have been twitching when they heard the surprise is ruined,’ Elmira said with a sigh. She shouted across the field, ‘You could go and catch a few rabbits when you’re done! Or it will be kidney pie for supper!’ The two warriors recoiled from the forms and raised their blades vertical before their faces in a sign that they were both retiring. Elmira watched them bow to one another before moving towards their homes to fetch bows and quiver. ‘And fetch some wild weeds to make a salad on your way back through the forest,’ she told Orion when he approached. ‘But first go and speak to your daughter. She wants to show you her new dress.’
‘Janeanne is not my daughter,’ Orion replied gruffly. ‘Much to my regret. I saw the dress. Tell her she looks divine. I’ll be home in a few hours.’ He then marched indoors to fetch his hunting gear. Lydia and Elmira were in the kitchen when he was exiting with his jade green wooden bow in a leather case over his shoulder. ‘If you see a wild boar, test your aim and carry it home too,’ Elmira said as he moved through the doorway. ‘The larder is getting low on smoked ham, and you know how expensive beef is becoming.’ Orion paused at the doorway, turning back to reply, ‘We’ll scan the river for some plump ducks if there are no boar.’
‘Ducks are fine, but geese would be better,’ Lydia said with a playful grin. ‘The way you and my husband eat, we would be better off doing some hoarding before the winter snows set in. Maybe try your luck at a bear, or two?’ Orion grunted at the teasing remarks then stumbled across the deck as Lydia and Elmira began to laugh at his dark cloaked back. Orion had always been a very proud man, but she had shaped him into something different after their marriage. Elmira had taught the Old Tiger to love, and to tolerate such quips with a shrug and a sigh. The man she had first met in those days would have likely wanted to turn Elmira and then Lydia over his knee to give them both a hard spanking they would not soon forget! 
He soon learnt that such things were never acceptable behaviour after a little of her own personalised tutoring, long before the ban on male wielding. Yet if he tried something like that today and tried to keep his oath to the decree, he would soon find his skin being flayed with bolts of lightning served up by the two women in retaliation. That was not the reason he turned the other cheek every time they made their little jokes or even when Elmira was in a fuming temper. It was because he was a man of great honour also. He had always had deep respect and admiration for women and their rights, and he would never truly have resorted to such punishments even against a woman who deserved it severely. Also, after many years of soothing that troubled heart of his, Elmira had made the Tiger as soft and sweet as a kitten beneath his hard exterior. He was once a great king. It pained him every day to consider his fall from ruling and leadership, yet the honour and duty of kings still burned in the chests of both Orion Demon-Slayer and Tobin Fire-Heart. They would never forget who they were, long ago, when the needs and hopes of the Free Landers rested on their shoulders.

***

Tobin ran through the forest with Orion keeping pace at his side. They were both sprinting with immortal speed, their forms would appear as a blur to the eyes of mortals. They could move faster than mortal horses when they pushed themselves to serious exertion, and they would both be heaving for breath at the end of this. Tobin’s keen eyesight scanned his surroundings like a hawk watches the fields for mice. His eyes looked in the tree branches as well as on the path and surrounding shrubs for any sign of wild game. He ran with an arrow notched to his bowstring, as did Orion. Arrow heads pointed down at the dirt as they loped along with the speed of a gale force wind. They were listening also, their Aelfin ears twitching as their senses searched for deer, boar, partridge, or rabbits. Tobin’s hunger was growing too, and he began to wish that they would chance upon the deer herd that often passed through these woods. They would spare the king stag if he were within range. They needed him to ensure the survival of the herd: to protect the females and their fawns. Immortals would never hunt a king stag even for food. It was considered a bad omen to take out the leader. This had been a rule amongst the clans since the First Age—
As if his thoughts had become flesh, they spotted the herd ahead through the shrubs. Both halting in their tracks with traction that would have sent a mortal flying through the air. Orion and Tobin simply crouched while peering through gaps in the thick leaves, slowly rising with arrows drawn while they set their aim. Both focused on a medium sized buck that was mature enough for them to release the arrows. Tobin’s striking the animal directly in the heart, at the same time that Orion’s arrow struck the hind leg to reduce its ability to flee. With the arrowhead in its heart the deer staggered and was looking close to collapsing as the others charged off in a startled panic. 
They were crossing the distance to intercept the fallen animal when a whistle was heard from the trees. They froze in their tracks, suddenly aware of many eyes watching them. Most with arrows notched to bowstrings, broad steel arrowheads aimed at them from over thirty Dark Elves that had allowed themselves to be seen. Tobin knew enough about this clan to know there would be hundreds more hiding nearby. The oldest looking male Elf lowered his bow and walked towards them to salute as he said, ‘I am named Kelflin Dark-Bow. We are passing through these woods. We do not wish to invade or attack your village.’
‘I am glad to hear that,’ Orion replied. ‘I am Orion Demon-Slayer, my companion is Tobin Fire-Heart.’
‘We knew you both at first sight,’ Kelflin replied with the severity of near madness burning in his dark eyes. All of the men and women wore the torin’sidhe coat and trousers with cloaks that were also made to blend with forest greens, browns, and greys. Their bows were obsidian with Lukrorian marble handle grips. Capable of wielding Jinn-Magic arrows of acid or flame, but they would be making a serious threat if any of them were wielding those here and now. Kelflin waved to his companions and they lowered their weapons as he continued to say, ‘Even the Eva’Hahlen remember the tales of the two fallen kings. Proud and mighty immortal kin that were undone by the judgement of the White Snow Fox. It is for this reason that we were passing through this region. My kin have recently encountered the Sons of Odin and Daughter of Thor journeying in this direction. We were told by the man who spoke with Adem Highlander, that an offer of peace and unity is on the table from the Blue Water Dragon, but that Adem Highlander offers no such surety in regard to Jean Fairsythe and her abhorrence of the Jinn Arts. For this reason, I sought you out. We have known that you reside at Red River with your wives, as you have done for hundreds of years now. I was curious of your opinion of this Adem Highlander. I wanted to speak with you about whether he is a man of honour. A man who keeps his word and his bargains? If you will return to our camp, we can discuss this further. I assure you that you are not under threat.’
‘Why surprise us with arrows aimed at our skulls then?’ Tobin asked in a careful tone.
‘My companions wanted to be sure you were the men we seek, and that you would not attack us on sight. Assuming that as we were Eva’Hahlen within your woods so close to your village that we might wish you and your people harm.’
‘I believe you,’ Tobin replied, ‘but I would prefer if a few of your kin return to Red River with us. There we will talk, and you can tell us of this encounter with the Saviours. That buck will provide enough meat for us all to feast this evening if you agree. What say you?’
Kelflin eyed the animal lying in a growing pool of blood before he said, ‘I will not make you part with your kill, you deserve the spoils of the hunt. I will escort you back to your village, and we may talk on the way. I must take your words back to my Brothers and Sisters to discuss what plans our clan might make in regard to this offer of peace.’ Tobin agreed and soon they were returning to Red River, Orion and Tobin hauling the massive kill with its legs tied to a pole they each carried over their shoulders. Tobin felt the eyes of many more Dark Elves following them through the forest as he talked with Kelflin Dark-Bow. He knew they were just protecting their kin. Dark Elves were unpredictable at the best of times, but the honour of an immortal’s word still carried weight with every member of their clan. 
Tobin and Orion both spoke of Adem Highlander as a man who is true to his word, yet they also both emphasised that he could be easily persuaded by Jean Fairsythe, and that the fact that they were now married could make it difficult for him to keep such bargains if the Snow Fox chose to argue against them. To this Kelflin asked, ‘Who is there that the Daughter of Thor trusts and respects enough that we should befriend them also to help sway the opinion of this powerful ruler?’ Both Orion and Tobin grunted at this before Tobin replied, ‘There was only one woman who might be able to help you in such a way. But she was a ghost long before the Saviours arrived the first time, and she has been a ghost for the last thousand years since they left us.’
‘You mean Terese Sapphire-Sword, the Hero of Will?’ Kelflin spoke the words as if they were part of a legend, he was uncertain about whether he should believe in. He fixed Tobin with a questioning glare of doubt when Orion chuckled before he replied, ‘Yes, Terese Marheildon. A woman of legend with a spirit of purified flame. Only a being of such calibre could appease the wrath of Jean Fairsythe. I am afraid you would find it equally difficult to win her trust and loyalty.’ Kelflin nodded at those words with a frustrated frown. They were then nearing the edge of the woods and the Dark Elf insisted he had learnt all that was necessary, for now. With a wave of farewell the two men watched their immortal kin fade back into the trees to vanish from sight completely. 
Tobin knew there would still be some keeping watch in case Tobin and Orion intended treachery, summoning an army to hunt down the Lost Kin and drive them from their forest. Tobin had no such thoughts in his mind. What kept buzzing around in his skull like a giant bumblebee was the news that the Sons and Daughter had returned.


***

Rayne and his companions set out on their journey in the early afternoon of the following day. After those that were to join them had all taken some time to rest following the chaotic events at the banquet. Elarja was unable to explain exactly how he had managed to freeze time in the way that he did. He could only say that he understood the urgency of the situation, and that once again the Time Stones had seemed to act as if they were a life force and intelligence all of their own. Capable of perceiving the best method to act in the time of need. ‘I sense that the spell was greater than a normal time sphere also,’ Elarja had said. ‘It seems that time had stopped throughout the Ages, as if the turn of the planet had halted in that moment, and in every moment from then into the far and distant future we call the present. I can only assume that there was a need for such measures in the present also. That future time where the Saviours have returned. Perhaps they too were able to move about, as you were. To avoid the end of all hope for salvation.’
Rayne was more than anxious to begin the journey. Calliach’s promise ate away at his patience. A cold blade slicing down his spine every direction that he turned, the watchful eyes of Death waiting to make his move. The riders assembled in the courtyards of the Royal Stables. Elarja’s and Rayne’s chosen Children of Odin as well as the chosen protectors from the three clans of this Age. Together they numbered just over sixty riders, including Grom who sat in the saddle before a Dremelden woman with jade green eyes and flowing dark curls. The pair mounted on a pale altherin mare with red reins and a blue leather saddle. Among the Giants that were also to run alongside their horses were the two females. Both Brendas. As well as three males, all of them taller than the women. Formed of thick hardened sinews like tree bark with dark eyes and short forked beards. One of them with hair white as snow, though he was able to run as well as the others. 
Soon the company had passed beyond the city walls to move at a gallop across the open fields of vibrant green pastures. Some grasses in pale yellows or bright blues or crimson red, flowers of various colours also dotted the fields and small creatures rushed to get clear of their path. Badgers, rabbits, stoats, foxes, and the like. Some standing on hind legs to peer over the grasses at the riders as if they were a parade put on for their entertainment. The skies were brilliant azure with blazing white sunlit clouds. 
A patrol of Aldebrands rode alongside them for a few miles after exiting the city walls. They rode horse sized dragons. The beasts ran on all fours, with hind legs similar to a horse, arms, and claws long and shaped like human biceps and forearms. They ranged from obsidian black with eyes of blue pearl, to speckled golden on dark green scales, burning crimson with white eyes, emerald scaled with azure spikes. They were fierce in battle and excellent sprinters for up to ten miles at a time without rest. These creatures were used in charges similar to horse cavalry, sometimes armoured with Aldebrands and Knights mounted and armed with spears and lances that tore holes through demons in bolts of inferno. The riders sat on large saddles across the slightly curved horse-like spines. The saddles strapped between the shoulder-blades and hindquarters. Their tails were thick and quite short with whip like fronds of bright hair flowing from the tips.
They would have served the party well if there were battles ahead. Rayne thought those great eagle sized claws would shred though demon armour with ease. But they would not keep up with the pace of these altherin. These ancient purebred horses of Aelfin Magic would outpace these smaller dragons by hundreds of miles within half a day. Speed was needed for this mission, so swift hooves were chosen over might and muscle. Rayne marvelled at the Heki’Shienden as they were called in this Age. Meaning Horse-Dragon. Altherin’Heki was the true Nordic Tongue name for these ancient horses that could run faster than the human eye could see. It translated to Spirit Horses of the Blood of Thor.
The citizens of the palace and city had cheered them on as they passed through the streets towards the main gate, a roar of triumphant hope and glory.  Some wielding blasts of light and colour that burst in the sky above to signal the celebration of their journey. Others waved and smiled and shouted their praises to King Rodin and Elarja RinHannen. Brightly garbed men, women and children of Nordic bloodlines filled every window, balcony and laneway as the riders paraded through the city streets. They were beautiful, majestic, and energetic people. Magical, proud, and dignified. Rayne sensed a part of his own senses awakening within their presence. A rising tide of exhilaration to be surrounded by so many of the First Immortal Kin. Magical beings of ancient forms of Angel-Magic. It radiated in the air like a buzzing swarm of electric eels flying through the atmosphere. Many sang Songs of Aelfin Tongue. Enchanting the air with voices of benevolence and stirring emotion. They danced in the streets, twirled, and somersaulted while displaying bright magics. Casting spells to dazzle and delight. It was a festival of spiritual harmony. Peace, hope, faith, love, and joy.
The savage roars of much larger dragons were heard overhead when they reached the fields. Rodin was mounted on the great golden Ellanori. Half a dozen other dragon riders soared through the blue skies above. Scanning for demon sign on the fields and paths ahead of the riders. Two were emerald green with blue webbing on the underside of their massive wings. Another had crimson scales and two were black as night. Their dark scales reflecting the sunlight to give them a similar appearance to Shadow Dragons. But these were all willing servants of King Rodin and the Armies of the All-Father. 
They would likely encounter some powerful demons on the journey. Rayne was glad to have the protection of Dragon-Flame, yet the presence of the dragons would also draw demons to their location like moths to a lantern’s glow. It was a means of protection and possible escape from great danger, yet it placed them at greater risk at the same time. It would seem then plausible that travelling by dragon would be the simpler and more reasonable course of action for the journey. Yet Elarja and the Children of Odin were not experienced at riding dragons. Rayne knew how treacherous it could be, to be in a fight in mid-air with some terrible demon foes that could rip a rider free from its seat straps. To plummet to the earth and to their deaths.
In regard to forming Portal-Spells via Angel-Magic, Rayne had made the attempt on the first night they arrived at the city. He tried when he was closed in and alone in his chamber where no eyes could see the spells. He was unable to create the Portal-Spell, however. Something was blocking the Portal-Magic! Elarja told him later when they spoke in the early hours of the morning that his Time Stones were also malfunctioning again. He feared trying to use them to travel across the land in a single leap. The Stones might take them to another time and place where the hope of success in their intended quest would be lost to them. 
Rayne could disguise the Portal-Magic so that the immortals of this Age could not discover how they were made. But even if he were able to create a Portal-Spell successfully, it would trigger a serious investigation into such Portal-Spells by the incredibly wise and powerful wielders of this Age. Discovering the secret to Portal-Magic would likely be achieved in a very short time. 
Elarja had warned that this could create dramatic alterations to the timelines, potentially for good or evil. Elarja’s Time-Stone-Portals had never triggered an understanding of Portal-Magic for King Rodin and his people during this Age, and indeed, Portal-Spells via Angel-Magic had remained a mystery up until the Age known as the Dawn of the Age of Chaos. When the Sons of Odin discovered ways to warp space in a similar way that the High-Servants had done with Jinn-Magic for thousands of years before then. Travelling Gates did exist in this Age, though Rayne and Elarja had been reluctant to risk the chance that some part of Jinn-Magic could infect them if Rayne passed through one.
As the journey progressed beyond the fields surrounding the ancient fortress and palace, Rayne began to take in his surroundings more fully. The scent of the fresh grasses, pine needles on the breeze of pure clean air that was a delight to breathe into his lungs. His senses seemed to become more alert the more time he spent out in the open. His half-blood  eyesight became sharper, seeing every blade of grass and the shine of light on the lakes and rivers with such definition and glow that he wondered how it were possible, as he was at present not holding onto Angel-Magic. 
The sound of the horses’ hooves thudding against the earth resonated in his ears like Odin’s Thunder. The rations they ate when they halted in the afternoon were even more vibrant to taste than the first meal he had tried when he first arrived. It seemed that his perceptions of the world and nature were becoming acute, to the point that he could almost perceive the natural health and goodness of his environment. In this ancient Age where the infections of Jinn-Fendinn were yet latent and without purpose. 
This was a time and place of great vitality for the land. When the world was young and filled with the Elemental Magic of the Great Angels and their crafting of the world. Fire, Earth, Air, Water and Spirit were infinitely greater than the state of the world in the Age of Chaos. It was a joy to experience, but it also brought great sadness to consider how this Elemental Power would fade and almost vanish as the Ages turned. Ultimately resulting in the corruption of teron and the curse upon terael. In a way it made his hatred of the Shadow grow. In some ways his loathing of Jinn-Fendinn’s work became a brooding that reminded him that he too was susceptible to Jinn-Magic. Yet here Angel-Magic was pure and untainted. He could wield it without fear of madness. He also strongly believed that his illness would recede the more time he spent here wielding the pure fires of teron.
The land was very different to the modern world also. Almost completely alien to the world he was raised in. There were mountains and rivers here that were fields in the Age of Chaos. Great Forests filled with Light of Great Trees stretched for hundreds of miles across a lush green landscape where wildlife flourished in abundance. He saw many creatures that were extinct millions of years before the Age of Chaos. Enormous four-legged mammals, both carnivores and herbivores. Most had coats of thick shaggy fur, some in striped patterns or splotched with colour. Some had large fangs, horns or plated skulls or hides. There were lizard creatures of similar size and shapes. Most were bigger than modern elephants. They were descendants of the Age of the Great Dragons, that lasted hundreds of millions of years before the Age of Immortals. 
Despite knowing that the Age of Chaos changed much of the world due to mad Alit’aren ravaging Kismeria with Angel-Magic, Tohka Reiden advised him that much of this ancient world was reshaped in the not too distant years of the Great Wars of Angel-Magic, between the Great Angels and Jinn-Fendinn and his demons. This was still a time where demon hordes were uncontained. Dominating entire regions that were to become cities and provinces of the Free Lands in the modern world. Here they were barren landscapes where the green fields were suddenly met with blackened charred earth pooled with magma. Stunted leafless black trees crooked and withering like shadow phantoms. Entire regions often inhabited by hordes of the most terrifying creations of the Shadow.
They passed just such a region on the third day of their journey, the altherin horses moving swiftly along the edges of the darkened regions where smoke rose from the charred soils and the scent of sulphur burned in the air. They did not see any demons, as this region was apparently abandoned by the hordes that had ravaged them. Most of the enemy had been wiped out by the wrath of Rodin Cloud-Walker and his dragon riders many years ago. Yet the health of the land was taking a long time to return to the beauty that Odin and his Brothers and Sisters had crafted at the Dawn of Ages. Rodin and his riders still scanned the region from the skies in case the hordes had returned. The riders were soon clear of the dark patch of land and the health of the regions returned to his senses. Rayne knew they would not always be so lucky.

*** 

Janeanne was making her way through the town with a basket full of jams in glass jars. To trade with the village baker for some bread. The old man was sure to have some cheese on offer also! She was striding towards the bakery when she was met on the path by her three most adored companions. The trio of men who had been the closest friends of Rayne Dragon-Sword. Ragan Lodensare, also known as the Red Jackal, Ellagon Elfin-Blood, and Shaye Eagle-Soul. They were all mortal blood, but the latter two were Children of Odin, of Odin’s Return. Ragan was also a formidable wielder, and Angel-Magic had preserved their flesh for over five hundred years. The three of them looking no older than their late forties when Janeanne knew them as a child, yet in the last three years during the absence of teron and terael, these men had begun to turn grey on their heads. Ellagon’s golden beard and moustache were also grey tinged. The three men appeared in merry spirits when they met her on the path. Striking up conversation as they followed her to the baker’s hut, where the tall immortal stood removing bread from the oven with a large wooden spade. 
‘That is a lovely dress, Janeanne. Did Elmira sew it for you?’ Shaye asked in a polite tone, after they said their greetings. Janeanne spoke to the three at intervals while she bartered with the village baker. There were a number of baker shops throughout Red River, yet this was the closest and also the place where Elmira’s jams fetched the best trade. Gelson Bereldore was a grey-haired Nordic, his blue eyes still shone with the light of immortal blood. ‘Always happy to trade for your mother’s lovely jams, Janeanne,’ Gelson said with a warm smile. Janeanne curtsied before handing over the jars, the basket handle hanging balanced over her right arm.
‘Yes, it is beautiful, isn’t it, Shaye?’ Janeanne replied with a happy smile.
‘We were just on our way to visit Tobin and Orion,’ Ellagon said in a more formal tone. ‘We have several matters that need to be discussed. I always like to get their opinion on things before making any sort of serious decision.’
‘Does it have anything to do with a surprise birthday party?’ Janeanne asked. The three men were deathly silent in response, before Shaye replied, ‘Ellagon has a problem with his ... plough, and we would like to know who is the best equipped to fix it at this busy time of harvest. It is an old plough, rusted and blunt, you see, and Tobin and Orion know all the best men for such repairs. Last time we chose Benel MacKormick, and he did a fine job. But now the blades need sharpening again, and well, we decided we had better get someone else this time.’ Shaye spoke as if this matter were the utmost truth and the only reason for their wanting to speak with her father and Tobin, but Janeanne was not stupid. She knew they would need to speak to the former rulers about preparations for her party! How many barrels of ale and wine were in stock? Who was out hunting for meats to roast on the spits? What pies and other sweets were on the list to be baked? And who was making the surprise birthday cake! 
It would be a grand party to be sure. She wondered when they would start hanging the coloured lanterns over the Village Green, and whether her mother would allow her to spy on the men setting up the tables and chairs for the banquet. She sensed the men were nervous about her knowledge of the party. Most likely fearing her mother Elmira’s wrath if any of them gave away any further clues, so she changed the subject. ‘How have you three been getting along, these past three years? Especially while Angel-Magic has been absent.’
The men seemed to stumble in their steps, Shaye using his crimson spear—formed of pure gold—as a walking stick as he always did. Ellagon traced the head of his golden axe—once the Resting Point of Dis Pater, or Eledisren as the Battle Angel was also known. Just as Shaye’s spear had housed the spirit of Math Mathonwy in the old days of their adventures. The weapons had been granted to them by the Great Angels, who had safeguarded them after the Sons of Odin left this world. The spear once belonging to Carl Wilder, the axe to Wil Martyr, and Rayne Dragon-Sword had been gifted the sword that had once belonged to his grandfather, Adem Highlander. Who was also Janeanne’s real Dad!
Shaye and Ellagon wore their usual Alit’aren black coats and trousers: knee-high brown leather boots. Ragan wore a fine red woollen cloak, over a dark green coat with gold buttons, brown trousers, and boots of fine leather. They were all slightly taller than Janeanne, Ragan being the tallest. His eyes were hazel with hair of chestnut brown, short and spiked. Shaye had a dark ponytail, with blue-grey eyes that shone golden when his Odin Powers were ignited. 
Ellagon had the emerald eyes that glowed like the Dremelden, and his spirit and flesh were similar to the strength of those Immortal Kin, just as Wil Martyr was said to be. Ellagon also had the gift of animal tongues. Shaye had the ability to communicate with ghosts, an ability that was said to correlate with that of Carl Wilder. Janeanne wasn’t certain if those gifts were partly attributed to their weapons that had once belonged to the Sons of Odin, but the two Children of Odin had other gifts attributed since their births, during the great lightning storm of Odin’s Return. 
There were other Children of Odin living in Red River and surrounding farmlands. Some from the first storm of Odin’s Awakening, a thousand years or more ago during the battle between the Sons of Odin and Jinn-Fendinn. The same day her half-brother Pendral had been born. A man now mad and corrupt beyond saving, who had become a puppet of Jinn-Fendinn’s manipulations. 
She shuddered to even think of the man. She knew the day would come when she would match her own abilities against the madman, the son and daughter of the Blue Water Dragon in a battle of wits and powers, Jinn-Magic and Janeanne’s matter manipulation that Pendral also had according to tales told to her by Elmira, Orion, Tobin and Lydia. Those four had been close friends of Pendral in the days that he fought as the champion of the Armies of the All-Father. Back then the man was known as Dragon-Sword. The greatest mortal Magician of the Age of Chaos. 
Shienden the dragon was Pendral’s closest friend during his childhood. Shienden often spoke to Janeanne’s mind since the first year she arrived in Kismeria, and also told tales of that friendship he had shared with the son of Adem Highlander, who Shienden called, Father. So, he had called Pendral, brother, and he had always spoken to Janeanne’s mind calling her sister. 
Janeanne had always been afraid to command or summon Shienden, yet she had met him once. The gigantic reptilian had landed in the village on her eighteenth birthday, when a small celebration was being held outside the Blue Beaked Pheasant, the inn that stood closest to the Village Green. People were gathered for a feast. Shienden had landed on the Green as people gasped and pointed in awe and terror, some running screaming. Janeanne had calmly walked to stand under the massive skull of the dragon as it lowered its neck for her to stroke its emerald scaled snout. I came to wish you a happy birthday, sister! Shienden had said to her mind, to which she smiled and sent emotions of glee in return. 
Her mind returned to the present. ‘My father and Tobin were out hunting when I left the house, but they are expected to be home for lunch! Please join us, and you may talk with Father about your plough and my party.’ The men made no reply as they continued down the path towards Janeanne’s home. She had traded the jams for four large loaves of fresh bread and a half wheel of fine cheese that was soft and gooey with a white crust. The baker always traded his breads for a variety of cheeses from a farm out of town. He gained what he needed off the villagers in return for the trade of the cheeses at a higher value. This was the way of the people of Red River. They survived in times of economic hardship; barter was the currency they lived by. Silver or even copper coins were hard to find. Gold was almost non-existent, yet she was certain there were those that hoarded the precious metals stored under their beds or in holes under floorboards. There would come a time when such methods of trade became more common again. When their eggs, breads, cheeses, jams, and all forms of barter trade would no longer suffice. But for now, it was the only way the townsfolk could survive. 
The farmers and tradesmen of the town also kept their swords and spears well-oiled and sharpened, and their armour cleaned of any rust. In wait for the summons of the Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor. The days of the Ragnarök Battle were approaching. Janeanne could feel it in her bones!

*** 

Rayne and his company of riders had halted for the night, making small campfires to roast rabbits over the flames on spits. Another fire had a cooking pot with rabbit stew bubbling with an aroma that had drawn a crowd of warriors. All of them looking weary from the days of travelling at breakneck speed on their altherin mounts. Some of the Nordic and Torvellen Aldebrands were seeing that the horses were well cared for and watched for the night. Rayne sat amongst the Children of Odin he had picked for his bodyguards to join him on these adventures through time. Those that were loyal to Elarja were scattered further out, talking amongst themselves as they chewed at flatbreads and hard cheeses. Using some of their rations while they waited for the meats to roast. 
Among Rayne’s chosen team there were three women and four men. Two were male immortals and one female, though they all had considerable strength in teron, or terael. Children of Odin were able to wield the pure forms of Angel-Magic, even in times when the male and female halves were corrupted. This ability was the same with the older Children from Odin’s Awakening. There were some who specialised in wielding Jinn-Magic, but for most this Dark Magic was out of their reach.
For this reason, the Children were perhaps the most reliable of companions, particularly during the Age of Chaos. Most were not affected by the corruption on teron and the curse upon terael, meaning they would not likely turn mad or evil like so many Alit’aren and Ael Tarael had done during that Age. One of the mortal men on his chosen team was named Kern, tall and dark eyed, his hair was a long dark tail falling past his shoulders. Kern was an Archer, wielding a Lukrorian Bow, though he had the ability to wield numerous forms of Spirit Wardens as well as other attacking spells via Angel-Magic. The latter of these two abilities were most common with the Children. Each of those he had chosen had similar attributes.
 Shollian, the dark-haired Nordic woman, wielded a spear like dark blue glass that was used to cast powerful lightning bolts. Riock, one of the immortal males, was six feet six inches tall, emerald eyes and spiked black hair. He carried twin dragon-hilted swords in leather sheaths that were buckled to his shoulder straps: blades enchanted with Fire-Magic and Ice-Magic. He was also able to wield Earth-Magic and Air-Magic through various Teron-Spells.  
Those three sat closest to Rayne around the fire: Rievenna to his left, leaning back to rest upon a sleeping blanket. She gazed at the clear silver stars glowing brightly in the dark night sky. Hamuko and Brealda approached their fire to squat on their heels beside Rayne and his companions. Those two were among Elarja’s original eleven Children, both of them born on the night of Odin’s Awakening. Hamuko was one of the few men connected to Jinn-Magic amongst the Children of Odin. He had fought alongside Rayne’s father in the early days of the Age of Chaos, as did Brealda. A golden-haired beauty with clear blue eyes, she wore crimson armour over dark leathers, a spear formed of enchanted stone slanted above her shoulder. Hamuko was dark eyed with short dark hair and a close-cropped beard, the muscular mortal was well known for his Hounds of Hell that could be summoned at will, without any need of teron or Jinn-Magic. Meaning he could wield the Spirit Wardens even when shielded from Angel-Magic. Rayne wondered what they would need to speak with him about, yet he welcomed them to sit on his sleeping blanket. The two then sat cross legged, Hamuko’s thick muscled arms crossed over his dark breastplate. He was Alit’aren trained, Angel-Magic preserving him for longer than other mortals could survive via Angel-Magic. At least before the corruption on teron and terael began to show a pattern of extended life spans. 
‘Elarja wished for us to discuss this issue with you,’ Hamuko said in his deep tone. Harsh tongued as a bear with eyes that glistened in the reflected firelight. ‘We are approaching another of those dark patches of landscape, and although we plan to travel around it in case demons are present, we fear any demon hordes nearby will still pick up our scent and give pursuit.’
‘That was always a danger,’ Rayne replied with a serious tone. ‘Why bring this news to me now?’
‘King Rodin and his dragon riders are scouting that region already. They have not yet detected demon sign, yet their dragons report that they sense the presence of a large horde having passed through that region only three days ago. We begin to wonder if Jinn-Fendinn is moving a force to ambush us. It seems likely He would still be able to see and hear through your eyes and ears. And possibly those of Elarja and the immortal he has brought with him from the future, Satiel Bellson. This man is a minor wielder of that Age, and Jinn-Magic on teron would make him another unwilling spy for Jinn-Fendinn here and now.’
‘Of course,’ Rayne replied, realising now the danger he put the entire mission in. ‘Elarja must have considered the risks and still seen some need to bring Satiel, and to rescue me also.’
‘He did indeed,’ Brealda said in a warm tone, her blue eyes shining with fierce concentration as she stared into Rayne’s. ‘Yet the danger must be considered, and we see no way to avoid informing Jinn-Fendinn of our location or our purpose, other than to plan our journey without informing any of you three.’
‘Jinn-Fendinn would still know our final destination,’ Rayne argued.
‘Yes, but he will not know which path we will take to reach it,’ Hamuko almost growled in reply. ‘He will still have knowledge of the path as we choose it, but that will make it less likely that he may inform his Shadow Generals of our movements. That should delay or hinder their efforts to spring a trap.’
‘Yet you tell me this plan all the same?’ Rayne asked in confusion.
‘We were selected to inform you that you will be travelling blind from this point onwards, as will Elarja and Satiel. This makes it all the more important that you stay with the riders at all times. Do not risk your life to fly off into the heart of battle. We may be forced to flee during that time, and you would struggle to find us again if we become separated. This land is nothing like the one we know. There are demons here that have not existed for millions of years. Some of them more fearsome than a Shadow Dragon. 
‘Your orders are to stay with us. Remember that.’ It was unusual for Hamuko to give orders to Rayne, ever, but he understood the special nature of these circumstances. He knew the orders would have originated with Elarja. He nodded in agreement; then the two warriors stood to return to sit amongst Elarja’s Children. Rayne sat for some time thinking about Jinn-Fendinn spying through his mind. He had not much considered the possibility, until those words were spoken. Hoping that the purity of Angel-Magic in this Age would form a block between his soul and that of Jinn-Fendinn. 
It was early morning when Rodin’s dragon returned, landing on the field before the burning red sunrise, to report that a large demon horde was in pursuit. These were Rohgorahl, an ancient and larger breed of Rahkwel. They could hunt day or night, and they were said to be moving in this direction with great speed. All of them riding massive black wolves that were creatures of the Shadow. The horses would outrun them for most of the day, but they would need to rest at night. Rayne was given no word as to where they would make camp to form a defence. They were mounted and moving at the swift pace of an altherin gallop as the sun began to rise as a burning golden ball in the pale blue morning sky.
They did not stop until early evening. The horses moved up a narrow path between two large mountains that formed a dividing range from north to south for hundreds of miles. Known as Cable’s Cliffs, most of the mountains were rough blue stones with gleaming white peaks: wreathed in thick white clouds as a strong wind blew from the east. Clouds swelling around the peaks as if they were waves of floating foam. 
Rayne could see why they chose this position. There were Torvellen fortifications further up the slopes including a high watchtower, and low wall cutting off the path as it joined with the mountainside. From here they would easily see the demon horde approaching, and there was no way another force could rout them from this defence. The mountain was a gigantic barrier of stone, and the other mountains were joined with this one higher up to the extent that a demon army would become scattered as they attempted to scramble up the slopes.
That did not mean they would not try. Jinn-Fendinn would hope to trap them here as long as possible, while He rallied other forces to attempt to crush their small party like bugs underfoot. Eighteen Children of Odin would not be easily defeated. With the host of immortals of this Age to assist them, as well as Rodin and his dragon riders, Rayne felt confident things would not end this day. It was nearing dusk when they saw the goblin horde approaching from the northeast. A dark shadow seemed to emerge on the horizon. Savage barks and growls of both wolf and rider sounded out in the air like the herald of doom. There were larger demons amongst them also. Massive red winged Krunloc and their dark-skinned cousins with blood red eyes and huge dark axes that burned with ill power. The latter had no wings, but they were over fourteen feet tall, wide as a wagon was long: thick bulging biceps and torsos. Oval Nymloc shaped skulls with dark horns of burning magma. 
Rayne could see that even the Giants were cowed when they saw over twelve Krunloc and seven Greldori, the axe wielders, marching amongst the thousands of wolf riders. They had slowed their pace on approach, allowing Jinn-Magic of their evil souls to wash over the land. Emanating through the air to touch every warrior that stood waiting with grim expressions as they sensed that corrupt energy. Even the Jinn Arts were bearable compared with the terrors of the heart and soul that were felt when these evil spirits spread their foulness like a sickness on the wind. That was the first move Jinn-Fendinn would try to use. Inspiring fear and dread in his adversaries to dull their wits and drive them to their knees before the battle had even begun. Rayne gritted his teeth to fight for determination, drawing his pale blue sword that lit up the darkness like a talisman of hope. Other weapons were drawn. Blades of emerald fire. Crimson Lightning-Spears. Lightning-Arrows drawn from Lukrorian Bows added greater illumination to their huddled defences. Rodin and his dragon riders circled the enemy from the night sky. The dragons moved as great shadows amongst the stars. Occasionally one would let out an earth rumbling roar. Anxious to unleash Dragon-Flame to vanquish their enemies.
Rayne estimated the wolf riders to number some twenty thousand from the size of the horde. The clouds parted to allow clear bright moonlight onto the field. The wind was still fierce. It raced around the sides of the mountain like the wailing of banshees, ice cold sheets that bit down to the bone. The wind seemed to be an instrument of Jinn-Fendinn, adding to their state of unease as they braved the apparently cursed elements. Rayne had never learnt of such abilities by Jinn-Fendinn in his studies of the ancient world. He soon became certain of the evidence, verified to his mind moments after by his Battle Angel via the kigare. 
Bright thunder bolts were falling from the sky, blazing blue tridents that signalled an approaching storm. Rain began to pour down in torrents that soaked their bodies in the freezing winds, making their footholds slippery as the earth upon the mountain stone became a river of mud. Horses began to buck and neigh wildly in surging fits of trepidation bordering on berserk! They would need the horses well rested if it became necessary to attempt an escape. Altherin breeds would find paths up and around these mountains more easily than any demon. But such a retreat would jeopardise the formation of their unit, they might become scattered or even lose one another completely in a crazed dash for safety. 
No, their only option was to obliterate this demon force. Crush them before they had time to draw in more of their Demonsouled. Drive them into dust and ashes with the blazing might of Tohka Reiden and the Children of Odin. Rayne summoned his Battle Angel as the wolf riders began to pour forth through the path that led up to their wall of defences. Rayne shouting the name of his Angel as lightning and thunder filled the night sky. Blue bolts striking ground in summons by the ancient deity. Released now in this Age with ten times the strength Rayne had known of him in the Age of Chaos. Thick pillars of blue-white flame fell like blazing swords across the fields. Striking within the ranks of the wolf riders to blast sheets of white flame in burning discs that vaporized hundreds of the demons on impact! Tohka Reiden appeared. A figure of spiked starlight hair and short forked moonlight beard. Standing taller than the Giants: incandescent aqua armour, gauntlets, and pauldrons. Greaves of white flame over boots that shone as if formed of deep-sea blue lanterns. 
Immediately the Battle Angel began to hurl lightning bolts from his fists. Bolts striking demons in waves of incineration! Night became day in those flashes of pure crackling energy. Demon corpses exploded in blasts of armour, flesh, and dark blood. Rohgorahl were built similarly to Rahkwel, only these ancient goblins were nearly twice as large. Some would stand close to twelve feet tall, built wide and muscular riding wolves larger than Hamuko’s Hell Hounds. 
Hamuko suddenly summoned his Spirit Wardens in a pack of twenty: shadow skinned Hounds patrolling the lower side of the wall to shred through both wolf and rider as if they were paper under their claws. Though the scene was a bloody massacre. That was the fate of the few wolf riders that had made it past Tohka Reiden’s lightning assault. Yet if the Battle Angel tired before the horde was defeated, Hamuko’s Hounds might begin to yelp in distress against those larger and more savage foes. 
The wolves they rode were not true Demonwolves, but they were a fierce breed Jinn-Fendinn had created when the first wolves were made by Odin and his Brothers. A pack was stolen to rear the animals with Dark Power that resulted in these black skinned monsters. Teeth and claws like razor sharp steel, their furless hides glowing with pulses of magma: fire bursting through their flesh. Their growls were horrifying, and the curse of their souls emanated a corrupt vapour that could be felt, sensed in their presence; like the spectre of Death unleashing a tidal wave of evil with his Bloodfire Scythe. Rayne truly hoped Calliach kept his word and did not show his face in the thick of this battle. 
The Children of Odin fanned out along the line of the wall with the warriors of the three immortal clans filling the gaps. Waves of Angel-Magic were hurled at the Rohgorahl that continued to push upwards along the path. Arrows of incinerating flame launched from Lukrorian Bows: pummelled demon flesh into the dirt in blasts of blood and fire. Brealda unleashed her Stone Spears that split through goblin torsos and wolf skulls: erupting in waves of scorching emerald heat that tore flesh and bone to shreds. Rievenna unleashed blasts of lightning from her bow. Scores of Pixie Wardens—palm sized fairies of bright aqua—poured forth from her glowing aura to soar towards the demons: blasting skulls and chests apart in eruptions of vicious energy. Impacting with wolf or rider to reduce bodies to smoking piles of ash. Rodin and his dragon riders swooped to scorch the earth with waves of Dragon-Flame. Roaring conflagrations burst twenty feet high as sheets of blazing magnificence surged through the horde—reducing thousands to charred bones or incinerated: sizzling into vapour and dust clouds—in deep blues, fierce reds, pure golden and wicked emerald heat. Erupting in vehement waves like a storm of burning avalanches! 
The warriors of this Age were equal in might if not greater. Wielding Angel-Magic to devastating effect against the enemy. Sheets of lightning and fireballs flew to strike down the charging riders in flashes: burning skeletons collapsed into piles of smoking ash. Many wielding arrows of intense burning light. Others hurled attacks from their open palms or closed fists, bars of pure blazing Elemental Magic that tore through demon flesh in bursts of blood and charred flesh. Some slashed at the wolves with axe, spear, or sword, though from a distance. The weapons released rivers of teron or terael that vanquished demon flesh in bright blazes! The storm seemed to intensify at this point. Rayne was unsure whether it was Jinn-Fendinn or the force of his companions all wielding at once that created the surge. Fire Pythons launched from the clouds. Gorging on demon flesh as Golden Tigers, Magma Cougars and Spirit Wolves charged down the path to bite off skulls and chew through torsos. Claws of flame shredding flesh from bone in a bloodbath of burning light. 
Tohka Reiden morphed from his position on the top of the wall. In a brief moment his form became a sheet of silver light, fading into the stone—like bright liquid draining from a glass jug—to reappear on a cloud of blue light high above the demon army. The enormous Battle Angel ran through the air as more burning clouds appeared underfoot. Tohka Reiden hurled more bolts of lightning from his dark blue gauntleted fists, spears of incandescence striking the horde to incinerate wolf riders by the hundreds in the blink of an eye. A terrible clap of thunder following in his wake! Rayne could do some serious damage also if he formed Wings of Odin and joined his spirit with the teron of his Battle Angel. Up there in the clouds. But he had his orders, and there was still much he could do down on the ground. In this Age of almost limitless potential in Angel-Magic. 


***

Jean and her forces reached the village of Red River on a day of great celebration. Their horses moved along the river to reach a wide stone bridge, leading to a large green field. Bright coloured lanterns were hung from poles to the roofs of the inns and surrounding houses, two or three storey blue stone buildings. Tiled roofs of various greys, greens, blues, and reds. A long row of tables was spread across the field, clothed in white with platters of food and goblets of wine, the tables also decorated with bright flowers tied in chains: layered alongside and around the dishes.
There was music and dancing. Large spits in the centre of the U-shape of tables where lamb, pork, rabbit, and duck were being roasted over open flames. Succulent scents of sizzling meat wafted in the cool breeze. Warm sunlight poured through the clouds that were white and fluffy overhead.
It was not until they spotted Lydia and Elmira striding towards their horses that Jean caught the first glimpse of her daughter Janeanne, as a grown woman. It only took a moment to be certain it was her. The young woman looked so much like herself her identity was unmistakable.
Janeanne was dancing with a much older looking man with a dark ponytail and grey in his hair. Jean immediately felt a wave of disapproval, but she saw that the man looked upon her as if at his own daughter; and Janeanne at him like a caring uncle. Jean would get to the bottom of the relationship in short order. Making her way towards the two former Queens as they each embraced her with bright smiles and watery eyes. Jean was also overcome with emotion at the reunion, but she immediately began to interrogate them about the man her daughter was dancing with.
‘That is Shaye,’ Elmira replied in a slightly startled tone, perhaps wondering what Jean would make of the way they had raised her daughter. ‘He is one of the Children of Odin, an old friend of Rayne Dragon-Sword, Adem’s grandson.’
Jean nodded as she glanced their way again to note a crimson spearhead and short shaft hanging from Shaye’s belt loop. A moment of intrigue tinged her voice as she asked, ‘Is that Carl’s spear?’ Elmira nodded; then explained how Rayne’s two closest friends had been gifted with Carl’s spear and Wil’s axe. Going on to mention that the men also had similar abilities to Carl and Wil.
‘Very interesting,’ Jean said, looking their way again as Elmira spoke up to almost splutter the words, ‘Shaye is a very honourable man, Jean! He loves Janeanne dearly, as does Ellagon and Ragan. Rayne’s old companions are like three adoring uncles to your daughter. They care for her, watch out for her, and they are her best friends.’
‘Has any of them ever ...?’ Jean asked in a careful tone, before Elmira spoke up again in almost desperate tones as she replied, ‘No, Jean, of course not, no! Janeanne has never been in love. She is still innocent, childlike in many ways. But her abilities in terael have been exceptional since the beginning of her training. She also knows Adem’s mind over matter Magic.’
‘Has she ever trained in the Jinn Arts?’ Jean asked in a moment of panic.
‘We all follow the old decrees of the Sons and Daughter here in Red River,’ Lydia spoke this time, in a calmer tone. ‘Janeanne has been warned that such practices could corrupt her to the point that she might become a servant of the Shadow. We have done our best to ensure she never delves into such practices.’
‘What are the celebrations for?’ Jean asked to change the subject. ‘Is it a feast holiday?’
‘It is your daughter’s birthday,’ Elmira replied. ‘At least, it is the day we celebrate it, as it is the same day that we found her all those years ago.’
Jean was suddenly fraught with panic and self-loathing! ‘Oh! I have nothing to give her! I don’t feel ready to meet her now!’ Tears welled in her eyes as she began to sniff. The two women moved around her to rub her back and massage her shoulders. She had removed her armour on approach to the village, wearing now just her dark coat, trousers, and boots.
‘Your daughter loves you very much, Jean Fairsythe,’ Elmira said soothingly. ‘She has longed for the day that you and Adem would return for her.’
‘It’s Jean Highlander these days,’ Jean said between sobs, to which Lydia replied, ‘I prefer Jean Fairsythe. It sounds better.’ Jean began to giggle at the remark and suddenly the three of them were laughing together softly, in a tight embrace as Jean fought for courage. Adem was soon by her side, she caught him up on what she had learnt, when her nerves were calmed. Her husband stared across the field to catch glimpses of his daughter as a grown woman. Dancing with Shaye Eagle-Soul amongst the crowds of men and women in bright silk dresses or colourful woollen robes, coats, or cloaks. A lot of them were wearing hats with brightly coloured feathers, both men and women. Others were wearing the feathered masks Jean remembered from her first festival in Kismeria. On the nights before the day she was tested in the Chameleon Arch to be raised to full Ael Tarael. The Bellatanus Festival; that’s what they called it!
Such memories had faded significantly during the years Jean spent back home on Earth, raising her child, and wedded to Adem. Her journeys here now brought back those memories like an open floodgate when something triggered them like those masks. ‘Well, Adem Highlander,’ Jean said in a moody yet playful tone. ‘Aren’t you going to go and hug your daughter on her birthday?’ Adem started to stare off in his daughter’s direction as if that question set forth the hardest challenge he would ever have to face. 

*** 

Adem was stunned to see the woman his daughter had grown to be. Walking to her side with Jean holding his hand tightly, the three of them embraced in the middle of the dancers on the green. Laughing. Crying. Full of emotions as they rejoiced at the reunion. Janeanne was a fast talker, and her personality was bright and cheerful. He was glad to know she still had never been with a man, but for a young woman of her age it seemed a little unusual for a mortal girl. 
Apparently, she had never found the time, and spent most of her time with the three men who had been close companions of his grandson, Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan. He spoke with Shaye after an introduction. The man had grey in his hair, yet he looked only a few years older than Adem. Shaye spoke in very polite tones with a hint of a fine education, although he admitted as a youth he had served as stable boy in the Royal Stables of Valmeron, where Rayne was also born and raised. ‘Rayne was a great friend of ours,’ Shaye said with a sad smile. ‘He was our very best friend. A kind and honourable man. We were all very sorry to lose him. You must be just getting used to the news that Rayne is no longer with us, and ... your son. Forgive me, Lord Adem, I forget myself. You wouldn’t want to dwell on such things here and now. If you would excuse me, I’ll return to drinking with my companions.’
‘My son is not dead,’ Adem replied with a casual glare. ‘Just a corrupt madman. I am sorry for your loss, Shaye. You must miss your friend Rayne very much. I am sure it pains you all to know that his father has fallen into the clutches of the Shadow. But sometimes even the damned can be rescued from their fate. Perhaps even Pendral may yet achieve eternal salvation.’ Adem truly hoped that were true of himself also. ‘I would like to speak with you some more, and your companions later this evening. Try to stay in plain view during the feast and I will endeavour to join you.’ Shaye gave a deep bow then made his way off through the crowd after saying, ‘It is a great honour to meet the Daughter of Thor, also, Jean Fairsythe. An honour and a privilege. I see you bring Rodriel Tarz and his Forsaken warriors. A suitable army to enforce your authority upon these lands and its rulers. Surely the Sons and Daughter will bring order and peace to our world. I am certain of it.’ He appeared uncomfortable making those last remarks. Jean was still fighting back tears of joy and holding onto Janeanne as if she were about to crush her bones. The two women acknowledged his formal words. 
Adem watched Shaye return to his two friends, so that he could identify the other two. He had not missed Carl’s spear retracted and hanging from Shaye’s belt loop, and Jean had mentioned the fact before they were introduced. He made note of the golden axe hanging from the hip of the thick muscled one, as the three laughed and joked swilling ale from glass mugs. That would make him Ellagon, and the third Ragan in the red cloak. As Adem stood watching those three occasionally look his way nervously, yet always with a smile or a wave, during their conversation, Adem began to see a great similarity between Shaye and Ellagon, in correlation to Carl and Wil. 
His heart was suddenly aching at the loss of his grandson Rayne, who Adem would have very much liked to have seen sitting there with his friends also. What remarkable tales those three must be able to tell him of their adventures with Rayne Dragon-Sword. He hoped he had a chance to hear a few of those stories soon. Carl and Wil soon joined him, standing to his side as he informed them about Rayne’s old friends. He pointed out the weapons they had obtained, and how that evidently had resulted in similar abilities in the two men that Carl and Wil now eyed with restrained fascination. The both of them perhaps wondering if they would get their spear and axe back if they simply walked up and asked. Adem considered it likely: and tried to talk them out of it. Suggesting that such warriors could be more powerful and experienced allies to be united in their cause. ‘Let’s get a drink and something to eat,’ he suggested. ‘Then we will see what we can learn from these Children of Odin.’

*** 

Carl was enjoying himself as the evening light faded and the ale began to bring a lightheaded sense of contentment and enthusiasm. He had tasted a variety of dishes, most of it surprisingly good for a village feast. Now he was pacing his drinks as a sense of impending doom began to dawn upon him. It was difficult to describe. Whether it was just a case of growing paranoia as a result of wielding the Jinn Arts, or whether he was becoming attuned to sensing the danger of evil forces at work. He began to suspect the latter when horns sounded in the distance. A warning by the Nordic and Torvellen Aldebrands watching the borders of the village. 
The Village Green became a sudden scene of panic. Women snatching up children to hug them to their breasts as they ran towards the protection of the nearby inn and surrounding houses. Men drawing blades or rushing to pick up spears and shields. Their movements enhanced by their immortal blood: a blur of motion in the light of the fires and coloured lanterns. Moments later the harsh snarls and grunts of demons could be heard. Black armoured Boli-Kuldr charged into view. Ram and bull skulled beasts swinging with dark axes or scythe shaped black blades. Aldebrands and other immortal warriors rushed to defend the villagers as the clash of steel rang out in the air. 
Carl lifted his dark spear and harnessed Jinn-Magic, unleashing a torrent of Acid Flame at a pack of five Boli-Kuldr. Crimson shadows reaching around their dark bulks to melt armour and flesh in a ghastly display! Wil and Adem were forming a barrier around Jean and their daughter as the Souljhin began to charge into view on tall dark steeds. Carl did not groan in despair until Balor rose from a pool of magma on the dark field. Red wings fanning behind midnight armour as Pendral morphed into view. Hovering above the battle to lock eyes on Adem. 
Wings of Odin launched from Adem’s shoulders. Drawing his emerald blade, he took to the skies to battle with his son. Carl hoped Adem had a better plan this time. Both Carl and Wil moved to form a protective barrier around Jean and Janeanne. Tobin and Orion joining the circle with Lydia and Elmira. Carl was unsure why Adem hadn’t summoned Arawn. Carl, Wil, and Jean immediately shouted the names of their Angels. The sky above began to swell in a grey vortex. Bolts formed of blazing blue blades blasting enemies apart. A melting mess of metal slag and smoking burnt bones. 


Chapter 13




Storm of Shadows

Adem summoned Arawn, shouting the name of his Battle Angel as he soared upwards through the starlit sky. Emerald blade clashing with Pendral’s crimson sword of tainted shadows. The swords released bolts of red and green ignition. Thunder tore the air each time the blades locked in battle. Energies flaring within the steel to rupture outwards, tearing up the night sky in blazing bolts of colour. The lightning storm of the Battle Angel Link flickered and flared all around them. Aqua, emerald, crimson and golden bolts lancing down from the vortex to strike Boli-Kuldr and Souljhin upon the village fields. Blasts reducing demon flesh to burning skeletons on impact. Over a thousand Boli-Kuldr pouring into the light of the Village Green. Immortal warriors fighting desperately to protect the women and children that ran screaming for the protection of the surrounding buildings. Adem saw it all in brief glimpses. Heightened senses capturing sights and sounds with crystal clarity.
Arawn appeared in the air: wings blazing garnet. Another sign that the old strength of Battle Angels was returning. Arawn’s broadsword struck Pendral’s Shield-Sphere, as Adem and his son locked blades again. Flying upwards into the sky as wild energies pulsed and surged through the air all around them. Adem would not appeal to his son this time. He could only do his best to distract the man from harming Jean or Janeanne, by fighting him up here, away from the rest of the battle. It would also allow the others enough time to overpower Balor and his demon forces, weakening the corrupt Battle Angel to the extent that he would need to retreat. Hopefully Pendral would then also, for now at least. 
Adem winced in pain from the burn across his chest. A horrible black scar that had begun to take the shape of a large Japanese style dragon, at least in outline. The dark mass had not yet healed enough to reveal much more detail, yet already there were subtle hints of a design of this nature. This intrigued Adem as to what purpose such a symbol could have and why Pendral would have marked him in this way. One thing was certain however, that dark burn was making Adem weaker every day. Jinn-Magic became harder to reach, yet every time he wielded the Jinn Arts, he felt the scar pulsing like a warm extension of the beat of his own heart. His wound seemed to be fuelling the Jinn-Magic. Causing an increase in the effects of corruption upon his mind and soul each time he was forced to wield Jinn-Fendinn’s Magic. His physical strength became sapped much more easily, and he felt it happening to him here now. 
Pendral gestured towards Arawn with a fist of fierce flame. The Battle Angel was cast aside, flying through the air as if he had been struck by an incredible force! Adem’s eyes must have bulged in shock at witnessing that. He continued to battle with his son as they passed up above the vortex storm clouds. Rising into the clear night sky as the grey blanket shimmered in a flickering blaze of lightning bolts below. Pendral lowered his dark cloaked form to stand upon the top of the storm of shadows. Adem allowed his Wings of Odin to lower him to the same level, where he found that his feet felt supported by the top layers. 
He guessed it was a duelling platform created by Pendral. Though with his Wings maintained, Adem would not fall if his son attempted to remove it. They immediately flowed into the sword forms. Blades roared with thunder. Steel clashed in blazes of crimson and emerald. Bolts tearing through the clouds. Spears of Angry Gods.


*** 

Rayne watched as the hordes of wolf riders pushed harder towards the path that led up the mountain towards their wall of defence. Tigers, Lions, Hounds, Cougars and Wolves guarded the lower side of the wall. Burning teeth and claws shredding demon flesh: bloodlust of enchanted animal rage! Some charged through the demon ranks, pulling riders from the backs of even larger wolves, biting off goblin skulls in bursts of thick black blood. The Children of Odin and Immortal Aldebrands and Archers of this Age unleashing intense bolts of Angel-Magic. Rupturing, splitting through and tearing apart the demon ranks that made it upwards along the mountain pass. Sizzling magical infernos vaporizing wolf and Rohgorahl rider in savage eruptions. Demon skeletons ablaze before flesh and bone was blasted apart: burnt to crispy black crust.
Rodin and his dragon riders reduced the size of the horde further out beyond the mountain path. Dragon-Flame unleashed in torrential blazing heat. Incinerating, vaporizing and scorching demons and wolves by the thousands. Flames that rushed, charged, and roared as they spread in wild conflagrations. Tohka Reiden adding to the onslaught with Lightning Spears. Blasting the giant-sized goblins in rupturing spheres of incandescent energies that blossomed outwards from the earth upon impact.  Demon flesh encased in rivers of magma rising as a tidal wave from the thousands of bolts that struck with savage ferocity. 
So far, they were holding back the enemy without any casualties. Resisting the might of this attack and the scale of the demon army with the sheer force of Elemental Magic. Wielded in harmony with the magnificence of Angel-Magic available in this ancient time.
Teron was a wellspring of burning brilliance in Rayne’s blood. He added his own blazing blue tridents: lancing upon the path and further out upon the field. Bolts laced with burning blue Spirit Dragons. Wardens of Elemental Magic that entwined the lightning to surge down upon the enemy. Gorging on demon flesh with ravenous ferocity! Demon skulls, limbs, and torsos bursting, torn apart or ripped free in a raging extravaganza of chaos. Those Spirit Wardens were aided by the presence of Tohka Reiden. Wielding the full potential of his Angel-Magic while linked with Rayne via the kigare: boosting the strength of their attacks. 
His Battle Angel gave warning that he would require rest soon. That put their hopes of victory at great risk. Tohka Reiden was causing serious damage to the enemy. His absence would put greater strain upon the wielders to defend their ground. Rohgorahl still numbering in the thousands. Their dark shadow continued to swell upon the horizon: more wolf riders arriving to reinforce their ranks.
Krunloc began to march upwards through the gap, joined by a number of the massive axe wielding breed of demons. The Krunloc began to hurl Hellfire-Magma from their burning spears. Crimson wings lighting up the night as fireballs launched in swarms. The terrifying beasts stomped the earth on their approach. All five Giants leapt over the wall, the women drawing their swords as the three males hefted huge double-bladed axes, wielded with two hands. Their fierce battle roars heard distinctly despite raging thunder. They charged down the path, hacking and slashing to decapitate both the demonic wolves and their riders. Slicing off limbs, splitting skulls, and hacking through torsos, with ferocious speed and strength. Stopping some of the giant wolves with an axe blade through the skull. Children of Odin and Aldebrands and Archers launching an assault of Lightning-Arrows and Bolt-Spears that blazed, blasted, and flared around them on the path. Wolves had their skulls blown apart in splotchy sprays before Rohgorahl hearts were blasted out of chests. 
But the Giants were merely taking down the wolf riders that were within their reach as they charged. Their targets were the Krunloc and Greldori. Despite being outnumbered against these foes, their courage was a raging torrent of bloodlust. Giants striking with fury as their blades clashed: deflecting Magma-Spears and Blood-Bane Axes, crimson bolts erupting and flying. Clashing steel rang out: a wicked piercing scream. The Giants fought with technique. With swift agile movements, two or three of them surrounded one of the large demons at a time. Two behind would hack into its burning shadow flesh—severing limbs in sprays of dark demon blood—while another distracted the creature in a contest of blades. 
In a matter of dazzling moments, they had cut down two Krunloc and a Greldori. It seemed likely then that they had fought such demons before. The Greldori had swung that Bane Axe in a wide arc. The male Giant’s axe was knocked aside by the strike, and the dark- haired woman Giant, Kiar’Ell, barely dodged the demon blades. Yet the golden-haired woman saw her moment, swiftly hacking off the Greldori’s right leg above the knee. It fell to its other knee, attempting to swing again when Kiar’Ell pinned the axe blade to the floor. Rae’Toh was the grey bearded Giant that planted his axe blade in the demon’s brain. Sounds of skull bone shattered and a fleshy dark splatter.


*** 

Jean fought with the rage of a lioness protecting her cub. Slaughtering Boli-Kuldr and Souljhin with Acid Javelins. Demons burst with corrosive vapour: javelins splitting skulls and torsos. Tanriel wielded Flame Spears, hurled from above as wings of sapphire light held her hovering over the crowd. Spears turning Souljhin to smoking bloody skeletons. They collapsed in hissing black piles upon the grass field. That left mostly Boli-Kuldr for the immortal warriors to hold back with their blades: Forsaken doing most of the work as they wielded Jinn-Magic to devastating effect. Hellfire of Shadow Acid melting demon flesh. Dark Samurai using a variety of Jinn-Spells to tear down their enemies by the hundreds. Bars of light sliced armoured demons into two halves, tore limbs free. Decapitated. There were over two thousand Forsaken gathered on the Village Green. Some wielding steel to uphold their honour. A surprise attack seemed to signal an immediate requirement for more offensive tactics. Tarz stood close by, wielding Jinn-Magic to imitate Jean’s Acid Javelins to keep their circle clear of any approaching threat. When Boli-Kuldr got close enough, a hail of blood-red shafts spliced through shoulders, chests, and knees. Split skulls in corrosive black bursts.
Carl and Wil also wielded the Jinn Arts, hurling Hellfire in blazing orange fireballs. Boli-Kuldr exploding as if they’d swallowed grenades, the field around them now piled with demon corpses. Congealed flesh sizzling with corrosive vapours. Dis Pater and Math Mathonwy fought on the edges of their circle, the two Battle Angels appearing slightly taller than she remembered. Golden axe and Hellfire Spear seeming to burn with a stronger light! 
Dis Pater booted a Boli-Kuldr in the chest to halt it mid-stride. His axe cleaved through its skull in a bloody black spurt before the creature hit the ground. Math swung his spear leftwards to decapitate a taller breed of lion headed demon. Punching another in the chest with right fist, the ram headed Boli-Kuldr fell on his back as the Angel stepped forward: forcing its skull two feet deep with the thud of his burning blood-red boot. Dis Pater hacked off a sword arm as another lion headed demon fell to his knees: grasping at his bleeding stump. The towering Angel put foot to the beast’s left shoulder: planting axe-blade of golden light deep in its armoured chest where Elemental Magic fizzed its flesh with electric fusion. Math drove Hellfire Spear of garnet heat through the chest of another Boli-Kuldr. Blasts of orange fireballs burst its form to smoke and ashes.
Janeanne also fought. Jean soon witnessed that her daughter had obtained almost equal strength in the unique ability known as mind over matter manipulation, a trait passed on from her father. Janeanne used this ability to make Boli-Kuldr and Souljhin explode, bodies opened up as if crushed by huge invisible fists. Innards spilling onto the field in a ghastly display. At the same time Janeanne summoned four of those Golden Soldiers Adem often used. These figures were like samurai in appearance, tall as Battle Angels. They wielded swords of crimson laser light, forming an outer perimeter to hack through any demons with speed and precision.
Balor was locked in conflict with Old Karbul. Hurling blood-crimson and sea-emerald Fire-Magic at one another: intense light and energies pulsing in the air between the two. Each was grappling to dominate: seemingly equal strength in the Jinn Arts. So far that battle had distracted Balor from summoning any of his Krunloc, while Adem fought his son, somewhere up there above the raging storm. 
Tobin and Orion also stood around their circle of defence: their wives closer to Jean. The former kings held their blades ready, yet Lydia and Elmira wore helpless expressions as Elmira finally asked Jean, ‘Will you permit us to wield the Jinn Arts? We have held faithful to the decree, but we can help you!’ The question brought internal conflict for Jean. Finally, she agreed. Deciding that if they could help to protect Janeanne, she would allow just about anything! ‘What about our husbands?’ Lydia asked, almost shouting the question over the roar of thunder.
‘Yes!’ Jean shouted in reply. ‘I free them of their oaths. They may wield the Jinn Arts to serve us, until Angel-Magic can be restored! Then I will allow them to wield teron, to fight alongside the Sons of Odin at the Ragnarök Battle!’
Lightning flared in the sky. A sudden blaze of hundreds of bolts. Crimson, golden, emerald, and aqua: flickering, pulsating brilliant beams of extreme Jinn-Magic. Jean suddenly sensed a very powerful link between the former Immortal Kings and Queens, wielding Jinn-Magic to bring fire from the sky in a thousand blazing bolts! Shadow Tigers with stripes of hot magma charged through the crowd, appearing just beyond Orion. Tobin unleashed Dark Lion Spirit Wardens, eyes of coal and smouldering ruby manes! 
Pixie Wardens of burning shadows launched from the hands of Lydia and Elmira, soaring through the air to punch through demon skulls in hot explosive bursts! The Tigers and Lions charged along the field to tear down demons, biting off dozens of skulls in savage horrid gulps. Suddenly there were hundreds of the Spirit Wardens, as Jean realised the true potential of Orion Demon-Slayer and Tobin Fire-Heart. Boli-Kuldr dropped their spears or swords before Tigers chomped down on their jugular: pushing them to ground while tearing off limbs. Lions shredded chests apart to devour their beating hearts. 
It was during these moments that the enemy seemed to throw the full force of the attack against them. Boli-Kuldr appearing by the hundreds. Dozens of Souljhin slithered from the shadows in their dark hooded cloaks, swords of wicked crimson whipping in the air like mad serpents. Forsaken flowed around them with blades raised to strike or defend. 
Janeanne’s Golden Warriors hacked flesh and bone into congealed smoking clumps. Jean wielded Acid Javelins and Tanriel hurled her Flame Spears by the dozen! Forsaken joined the circle of defence on Tarz’s command, over a hundred wielding steel to hold off the rush of demons. Warriors further out still wielded the Jinn, sizzling flesh to piles of smoking bone with Hellfire Acid. 
Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan were also out there amongst the thick of the battle, throwing bars of powerful energies from their fists and sheet lightning from their weapons; slicing through Boli-Kuldr armour and torsos as bodies burst like melted butter. Shaye and Ellagon were wielding their uniquely pure form of Angel-Magic. Ragan hurled Hellfire with blatant disregard to the laws of the White Snow Fox. She was certain she had not given the entire village permission to wield the Jinn Arts!
They were being slowly pushed back towards the circle of defence. Jean realised their fear must be for Janeanne. Fighting to protect her, just as much as they defended the Sons of Odin and Daughter of Thor. Jean feared the enemy would crush them when—
—Arrows of steel flew with precision to cut down dozens of Boli-Kuldr in an instant, two or three feathered shafts protruding from the back of skulls or the front of demon breastplates, necks, or limbs. The force of each strike stopped the massive beasts in their stride. Stumbling halted or knocked right off their hooves, they wailed in cursed animal tongue.
A horn sounded to the east. Hundreds of Dark Elves were charging onto the field. Arrows flew by the thousands to punch through demon armour, blinding bull and ram skulled demons with shafts striking through their eyeballs. Thudding into throats: cutting them down at the knees. Other Eva’Hahlen drew swords to hack through black breastplates with the blurring speed of Immortal Kin. Swarming onto the field to turn the tide of the battle! Jean saw that further out on the field the Dark Elves wielded Hellfire-Arrows to hold back demons attempting to rush onto the Green. Demons fell by the hundreds just as they moved beyond the endless shadows surrounding the lanterns. She realised; they must be using steel arrows to avoid harming immortals fighting on the field. Well, those arrows could still kill any man instantly if they hit vitals, but still it seemed they were not yet completely mad. Despite corruption in the eyes of these Dark Elves that was testament to a simple fact. The Shadow had a strong grip on every one of them. Jean groaned inwardly to consider the kinds of friends she was making these days!

*** 

Adem flowed through the sword forms, holding his ground against Pendral. They locked blades a hundred times, though it seemed like a thousand. He had learnt soon enough that he was not equipped to assault his son. His main purpose was to defend against Pendral’s attacks with waning strength and speed. He also knew his son was capable of more. He was holding back his true potential, perhaps testing Adem’s own abilities to see if they were truly evenly matched. Adem was no Agnar. Pendral was also half Elven. He knew he was outmatched in any method of combat except perhaps his Matter-Manipulation-Magic. 
Clash of blades rang out in the rumbling thunderstorm. Pendral moved like a Souljhin Shadow Swordsmen, swift, agile, graceful, and deadly. He never faltered or retreated, holding his ground, and pushing Adem ever into a slow but certain retreat.
Adem’s chest was scalding hot and red under his coat, as if Pendral had some ability to summon the curse upon his scar. Corruption filled Adem’s veins like a viscous shadow. Arawn returned. Magma Wings carrying the Battle Angel above the clouds, as he took a second swipe at Pendral. Red burning blade striking against Pendral’s Shield-Sphere in a shower of cherry-red sparks. Arawn moved out of reach when Pendral attempted to retaliate with Fists of Fire. Arawn moved behind Pendral, as Adem attacked from the front. Arawn would simply attempt to disarm Pendral’s Shield-Spell, while causing a distraction at the same time. 
Pendral raised a fist that glowed with blistering hot energy. At the same time Adem felt his dark scar burning with intense heat. A glow like hot magma was coursing through his coat. The coat was set alight, it fell apart from his body as Adem deflected the burns with Shield-Spells of matter manipulation; so close to his own skin it was like a body suit. Heat was still searing his flesh. He looked down a moment to see that black dragon outline burning bright crimson and golden. It had become a series of lines of fire: the pain was almost unbearable. Adem held his stance, deflecting attacks as Pendral lunged forwards in an assault. Arawn continued to attack Pendral’s Shield-Sphere, yet the distraction was minimal. Pendral did not appear bothered or concerned.
Adem suddenly saw the dark wings of his secret weapon cresting the clouds, Shienden rising above the swordfight to bathe Pendral in bright blue Dragon-Flame: vicious blue incinerating heat washed over Pendral’s Shield-Spell: heat to bubble and pop with blistering fusion. Adem and Arawn leapt away before the dragon unleashed the conflagration! Adem thought he could hear Pendral’s wailing before the fires dissipated: Pendral had vanished. Adem knew his son had simply retreated. This surprise tactic had perhaps saved him from being cut down by Pendral’s sword, that was surely tainted with a corruption much deadlier than this dragon scar. He also felt the Wings of Odin begin to weaken. The solidity of the clouds also lessened at Pendral’s departure. Shienden swooped to offer his neck to Adem as a seat. Adem used his Wings of Odin to rise and then fall to rest behind the massive skull of the dragon. Arawn returned to Adem’s sword, as Shienden started a steep dive back towards the village of Red River. 
The storm had also faded as he passed down through the clouds, suggesting the battle was nearly over. He still was able to sense great stress in Jean via the kigare. He could see larger than human dark-armoured beasts charging upon the field while Shienden prepared to land. When he leapt from the neck of the massive dragon, he saw that the village had been assisted by a large group of Dark Elves. Archer Warriors now standing like relaxed lions with arrows notched to bowstrings. Occasionally an arrow would fly to strike down a Boli-Kuldr that charged into the light, yet the battle was otherwise done.
Old Karbul had managed to weaken Balor to the point that the Battle Angel retreated without causing any further harm to the defenders of the village. Karbul appeared exhausted from the ordeal. Large burn marks covered his arms and legs where Balor’s Hellfire had burnt through his clothes: scorched his flesh. Karbul’s dark eyes stared at Adem as if the confrontation with Balor was costly to his sense of honour. It apparently pained the Giant to battle with a Great Angel. 
Aldebrands, Forsaken and Dark Elves now covered the Green by the thousands. Groups began to fan out to hunt down any demons still lurking in the shadows. Jean and Janeanne were both safe, which was a great relief for Adem. The burning in his chest had not stopped, he was overwhelmed by the pain of its heat. Shadows flowed through his soul like a sea of vile corruption infested with rotting eels. Darkness filled his vision. He fell to its knees. Jean shouted his name before he lost consciousness. Nightmares followed. Skeleton-Ghosts dragging his soul down to hell.

*** 

Elarja watched the dark night skies, raging with thunder and flickering bolts of fire: jagged blue tridents of blazing vehemence. Elarja was watching his father, Rodin. Riding Ellanori as a huge Shadow Dragon swooped down out of the black storm clouds. Black claws the size of bull-elephant tusks snatched at Rodin riding in a saddle across Ellanori’s back. Clutching Rodin and ripping him free from the saddle! Elarja was not sure if it was his own scream or his father’s that he heard. Immortal eyesight saw Rodin’s face clearly in the moonlight, even across such a great distance amidst the raging black storm. As he fell from that incredible height, their eyes locked. Elarja saw the fear in Rodin’s eyes dissipate at that moment. His expression seemed to be an appeal to Elarja to accept this fate! Elarja felt his beating heart was that saddle and rider, ripped free from his chest! 
Knowing his father would die a second time was a terrible burden to bear.
Wings of Odin appeared at Rayne’s shoulders. ‘I can still save him!’ But Elarja gripped Rayne by the arm, shouting in reply, ‘You will remain by my side, Dragon-Sword! Do not interfere in his fate!’ Elarja knew this would have to be. Rodin would simply become prey for Calliach if he were saved from this new alternate death in the reshaped timelines. This was not how Rodin had died the first time. This adventure was being written in time only now, after Elarja had brought Rayne and the Children back to this ancient past. 
He watched as Rodin’s spear unleashed a clear beam of fire—blazing azure magic: burning pure white-hot through its central line—lancing like Odin’s Spear. The beam shot forth on a forty-five-degree angle, blasting upon the demon horde to erupt in all directions: waves of raging inferno. His attack setting thousands of wolf riders aflame. Incinerating blue heat reducing them to burning ashes as Rodin plummeted into a sea of burning demons! Elarja was certain his father would have died on impact regardless of the fires, the fall was from a great height. Suddenly, that beam of Angel-Magic was firing horizontal along the earth within the demon horde. Waves of blazing azure magnificent conflagration tearing Rohgorahl to blistering chunks, charred flesh, and bones: smoke and ashes. 
Rodin’s wrath was epic to behold!
‘He’s still alive!’ Rayne shouted desperately. ‘Let me save him, Elarja, please!’
But Elarja’s connection to his father’s spirit told him these were just the last exertions of a man very close to death. A final blast of pure energy erupted from Rodin’s spear. Light consumed by the endless shadows of demon muscle. Rodin vanished, and the hordes moved in. Demonic wolves ripped at the body of the First Nordic King. Elarja raged with fury and despair, knowing that they would not even be able to bury his father. His corpse quickly devoured. Devil-Wolves baying in triumph.
‘His soul will return to the Harp of Odin,’ Elarja said. Only loud enough for Rayne to hear. Others were still fighting desperately to hold back the demon advance.
Rodin’s dragon was still fighting the Shadow Dragon in the skies. They swooped and twirled through the shadows and light. A hundred lions’ roaring could not create such a sound as these creatures. Rodin’s other Dragon Riders flowed through the air around the contest with the synchronisation of birds in formation. Four of the dragons unleashed torrents of blue, golden, and crimson Dragon-Flame. Shadow Dragon plummeting to its death as its entire form became encased in a light that hurt the eyes. Fire-Magic of another dragon was really the only known way to defeat a Shadow Dragon effortlessly. Even in this Age his people feared those Demonsouled more than any other creature of the Shadow. The immense ball of heat and light crashed amongst swarms of demons as fire blasted in a fierce dome of pure energy. 
Rodin had been caught by surprise. He should have been able to defeat the beast if he had been forewarned of the attack, it all happened so sudden. Elarja considered that perhaps this was Calliach and the Lord God working together to allow Jinn-Fendinn a small victory. Elarja had warned his father of the day he would have died if not for this event. Such knowledge would have endangered the entire history of the world if Rodin had somehow escaped that fate, living for eternity without being bound to the Harp of Souls—
A great series of horns were heard to the south! Elarja looked there to see thousands of altherin horses charging towards the demon horde upon the fields surrounding the mountain path! Every horse had a saddled rider in Elven Battle-Armour. Moonlit metallic weaponry glinted in slivers: Lightning-Spears, Shock-Sabres, Pulse-Shields, Lukrorian Bows.  They were Torvellen Aldebrand Cavalry! This region was still watched by Torvellen scouts: defending their territories along the borders of their cities—The great Torvellen underground palaces of Tel’De’Arweniel were only a few hundred leagues south of here. The ruins where Elarja’s company had formed a defence was part of an older stronghold and outpost of the Torvellen Kingdom—wrought by Stone Elves deep within enormous caves. Crafted with the assistance of Great Angels of Earth and Stone, Kohbahl, Cable and Runen. Elarja was not familiar enough with this timeframe to know that the Torvellen still ranged this far out. 
The riders unleashed torrents of glorious Elemental Magic. Power surging forwards in blinding waves as if an Army of Heroes of Will had been summoned. Even before their charge made impact with the wolf riders Elarja noted that there were several hundred of the Heki’Shienden amongst their ranks. The horse-dragons roared with ferocious bloodlust as the riders tore through the Rohgorahl ranks. Demons wailed, collapsed, scattered, or were knocked down, trampled, or torn apart! Thunder of hooves and the snarls of defeat amidst clashing steel rang out in the air. Lightning-Arrows split through demon flesh like a hammering by the Gods. Magic-Fire tearing, igniting, and exploding demon flesh to blasted black blood, smoking bones and burnt dust. A glorious display of the Old Might of the Immortal Kin. 
They were saved! 
And perhaps just in time … The storm and the battle had worked the horses into such fits of panic that some had fled up the mountainside. There would have been a danger of losing the entire troop if the battle did not subside. 
Rayne summoned Tohka Reiden for the final thrashing. The Angel ran across silver clouds hurling down Spears of Bolt-Lightning. Blasting demon scum in a clear white fire of incredible destructive force. He focused most of his aim on the demons still surging towards their wall of defence. The Torvellen reinforcements were driving the demons on the battlefield into smoking charred embers: falling on the dirt and floating in the wind.
Within an hour the battle was ended. The storm also faded significantly by that time: rain settling to a drizzle. Distant lightning flickered. Thunder easing to a soft rumble. 
Elarja noted the banners of Lord Tallamon amongst the Torvellen riders. The banners flapped glistening wet in the breeze as they made their way up the path. A tall dark eyed warrior riding upon his pale horse amongst his Wolf Guard. In emerald plated armour and Aldebrand cloak. Tallamon greeted Elarja with a look of great sorrow. His eyes would also have noted the fall of Rodin Cloud-Walker. 
‘It truly is a sad day for the world, Lord Elarja,’ Tallamon began in a gentle tone. Despite the gruff hardness of his personality: there was a deep benevolence in the way he spoke the words. ‘Perhaps it is too early to discuss such matters, but I am assuming that you’re still wishing to avoid claiming the Nordic throne? Your choice to renounce that right is well known throughout the lands.’ Elarja nodded as Tallamon continued. ‘I only ask as there will be a need to crown a new Nordic King. A leaderless people can be a dangerous thing.’
‘Who do you have in mind?’ Elarja asked, eyeing the man as if this was far too serious a matter to be burdened with at this time.
‘I believe the clans would prefer if that decision were left up to you, Lord Elarja. You have the rightful claim. Therefore, if you do not wish for this entitlement, it would seem fitting for you to be the one to choose the new King of the Nordics. Your father had many sons, seven including you. I wonder though that perhaps the next in line may not be the ideal choice in your personal opinion?’ 
There was a lot implied in those final words, about the calibre of his younger brother Lenk, who was not favoured by any of the rulers of the clans. Lenk was hot headed and brash, and perhaps poor of judgement. A risky choice despite his right to the claim. ‘I will need time to think about that,’ he replied. ‘We have more pressing matters at hand. I may not be able to fulfil your appointed task before I am off on other adventures. But I will keep it in mind.’
‘If you would simply grant me your command as to whom you believe should be entitled to the throne, I will take your decision directly to the Nordic Council of Rulers. With all due respect, Lord Elarja, it might be necessary to avoid civil war, perhaps even a world war.’ Elarja considered this more seriously for a time. ‘Tell them that I think the right should go to Allon. He is forthright, noble, and wise. He is the most appropriate choice.’ Making such a decision could still result in war, and Elarja knew he had just made a significant alteration to the timelines. Lenk had been ruler after his father in the original pattern of Ages, and his name was forever infamous for the foul deeds he perpetrated during his rule. 
Elarja just hoped that this time, he had made a decision that was for the better.
They made camp within the stone fortification: cooked meals over small fires when the rains finally ended. The amount of lightning that had lanced from the skies during the battle made the small amount of light from their cookfires seem negligible. Jinn-Fendinn knew exactly where they were. Why not eat a hot meal while they had the chance?
The Torvellen warriors kept watch while the companions of the quest curled up on blankets; laid out over cold wet stone. In the morning Elarja woke with fresh tears burning his eyes. He gazed at the rising sun. A blaze of heat that exacerbated searing pains of loss. He had loved his father dearly. The first time Rodin had died Elarja thought he would never recover. Last night he had lost him for the second time.
They found Rodin’s crown amongst the ruined demon corpses, and his spear formed of unbreakable navy-blue crystal glass. They built a tombstone of coloured rocks with the crown and spear placed upon them. Elarja spoke words about his father’s honour, dignity, and the fact that he had ruled with a sense of great purpose. He provided justice for all, and he cared for the carver and the weaver as much as he did the swordsmen or the archer. When the ceremony was ended, Lord Tallamon took the crown and spear wrapped in a large banner. It would be returned to the Nordic city; and granted to the next King. Rodin’s people would know of the loss of their Immortal King before that day. Ellanori would return to the city without his rider, and the Nordics would fall into terrible despair.


*** 

Adem woke drenched in sweat. Laying on his back on a soft bed, in a room lit by a lantern glowing amber on a side table. Somehow, he knew immediately he was on the second floor, a thought that was confirmed when he saw the height of other rooftops through the window in the moonlight. Jean rushed to his side to lay a hand across his forehead. ‘You’ve still got a high fever, Adem! Carl said we nearly lost you again! It’s that scar! What did he do to you?’
‘I’m working on trying to figure that out,’ Carl said. He moved from the shadows towards Adem’s bed, Carl’s fingers tracing the now more clearly defined black dragon tattoo across Adem’s chest. It was as if Carl was sensing the nature of the enchantment with his touch. Adem felt nothing more than his sense of a strange version of Jinn-Magic moving within Carl’s mind and soul. ‘It needs to be treated soon, or the darkness will spread to infect his entire body. I’m not sure if I will succeed. It seems to be a part of him now. I will do my best.’
‘You don’t have to talk about me as if I’m already dead, Carl!’ Adem replied. Pushing his friend’s hand aside to sit forward. His upper body was still naked. He was glad to know he still wore his dark leather trousers. They must have removed his boots while he slept. His dreams had been more horrifying visions of ghost skeletons trying to drag him into those pits of burning shadows. He believed they were only visions, this time, and that he had not truly been in danger of dying. His memory of that first time was a haunting burden every time it crossed his mind. He was not afraid to die, but he was afraid of eternal damnation! It was perhaps his greatest fear of all.
‘I trust you have found me a new coat by now?’ he asked. He tested his legs and found that he could stand. He was still quite dizzy and drained of physical strength. His old groin injury was also giving him distinct pain, for the first time he could recall in many years. Running long distance and even his grasshopper leap had had little effect on the injury the last time he was here. His life back home had been without much physical strain in daily chores or work. So, he was suddenly shocked at the throbbing pain burning on both sides of his lower abdomen. It was as if those old scars were also becoming affected by the dragon scar and its dark fires. 
Janeanne rushed into the room to hug Adem, within the small space between bed and doorway. ‘Oh, Father, I was so worried for you! I’m so glad you’re up and about again. How do you feel?’
‘I’m fine sweetheart. No need to worry over me.’ Then he realised from the flowers on the windowsill that this must be his daughter’s bedroom, understanding then that he was in Orion and Elmira’s manor house. He addressed his next question to Carl. ‘How long was I out?’
‘For most of the night,’ Jean replied. ‘It will soon be dawn.’ A rooster crowed in the distance as if her words were a summons to the rise of the morning sun.
‘And once again I’m the only one who has had any sleep!’ Adem said the words with a tone of disgust as if in self-torment, but he was merely making a light-hearted joke about the situation. 
‘I’ll need the White-Witch to treat the wound with her balms again before you dress,’ Carl said. Both Carl and Jean eased him back onto the bed with a gentle push. Telsa the Crow appeared shortly after with her balms. When she rubbed them into his scar, he felt some pain ease both in his chest and groin. Carl’s work with enchantment following the balms also reduced the effects of the curse that flowed through Adem’s veins. 
Carl later explained that he wanted to wait until Adem woke before the second attempt at treating the scar, though his friend admitted with regret that again he was only able to slow the spread of the infection. ‘I think it will require both teron and terael in a link of wielders at my disposal, to truly work the miracle we need to save you, Adem. Using this altered form of Jinn-Magic still seems ineffective at truly treating the condition. Unless we can restore Angel-Magic to the world, I fear we may lose you to this curse.’ 
The morning sun was climbing halfway in the morning sky when Adem was dressed and walking downstairs to be greeted by Tobin, Orion, Elmira, and Lydia. Tarz and his warriors guarded the house like half tame wolves. The Forsaken General eyeing Adem from the front porch as if seeing his weakness of spirit with those keen immortal eyes and senses. It was likely any wielder that had worked with Jinn-Magic could also witness the way the dragon scar was slowly killing Adem. None of them looked pleased, not even Tarz. 
Adem honestly doubted the man was as of yet truly corrupted by Angel-Magic or the Jinn Arts to the extent of betraying them, yet he understood Jean’s concerns and distrust also. Anyone who had wielded either of those magic abilities over the past thousand years was in danger of becoming a Shadowsouled. Not to mention the threat of madness that was a burning darkness in the eyes of so many Forsaken warriors. 
‘Where is Wil?’ Adem asked when he noticed his absence.
‘He is talking with Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan,’ Janeanne answered in a tone that suggested this was very important.
‘He is anxious to return to his wife,’ Jean explained, ‘and he wishes to recruit those men and others to journey with him to the Hive.’
‘Then we will go with him,’ Adem insisted, lifting his stance as if ready to ride out this minute.
‘You require rest, and further treatment, husband!’ Jean replied in a forceful yet caring tone. ‘Besides, we have another mission that is more urgent. We must reach the source of Komputah’s power and destroy it. We believe this will restore teron and terael to the world, and then we will wield Healing-Magic to restore you completely.’
‘Yes, that mission has been beckoning for a while now,’ Adem agreed. ‘So where is the source of this power?’
‘I think I know,’ Orion said, seated at the long kitchen table on a tall wooden stool. Tobin seated at his side with their wives standing on the opposite side. ‘There are rumours of Witches and Warlocks—those who have become greatly corrupted by Angel-Magic and the Jinn Arts—residing at Rolimbtorel, a city of great and ancient magic. Pendral journeyed there with us long ago, and he was greatly interested in the Angel-Magics that flowed through the stone cave walls of that immense underground fortress. 
‘I believe he must have used the magic of Rolimbtorel to fuel Komputah and generate the far-reaching potential of the devices that are used to access that power. If we can infiltrate the city, and dispatch those that guard the fortress, perhaps we will discover a way to disable it. It would require a great force of wielders. 
‘I fear the Great Angels would be of little use in this aim, though perhaps if joined in a large link, we might have the strength to destroy those energies and restore Angel-Magic.’
‘You believe these Witches and Warlocks are working for Pendral?’ Adem asked with interest. The plan had more merit than anything else he had heard so far.
‘That is possible, though perhaps these Witches and Warlocks are responsible for cutting Angel-Magic off from our reach. Either way, these seem the most likely reasons Angel-Magic is now lost to us.’
‘If you knew this, why didn’t you try in the last three years?’ Jean asked, to which Orion humbly replied, ‘We have followed your decree faithfully, Jean Fairsythe. It would go against that decree if we involved ourselves in political affairs. It would seem that we were giving orders, influencing soldiers, or commanding armies. 
‘More to the point, it was just a theory. We waited desperately for the Sons and Daughter to return before we made any such attempt.’ Jean gave a deep sigh of regret at those words. She held Orion’s gaze as she replied, ‘Perhaps my judgement was too harsh. I believe I have wronged the four of you beyond any hope of forgiveness. I am truly sorry. 
‘But the threat of mad Alit’aren was very real and very dangerous at the time. I had to do something to set an example that would have an impact. Perhaps the fact that there are still so many wielders who have stayed faithful to the old decree is testament to your sacrifice.’
‘We gave you our forgiveness long ago, Jean Fairsythe,’ Elmira replied in a loving tone. ‘We are perhaps greater for having received such a punishment. What’s done is done, and in the past.’
‘What if I could reverse it?’ Jean asked.
‘What do you mean?’ Elmira asked in a shocked voice.
‘What if I could restore your power of command? I know it would start endless war to try to reinstate Orion and Tobin as Immortal Kings. But I know that if I give them the right to command armies once more, they will gather a massive and fierce force of warriors faithful to the old Immortal Kings. They will fight to the death at the Ragnarök Battle, knowing they serve just and noble rulers.
‘What do you say to that?’ Jean’s final question was met with stunned silence from the entire room. The four she addressed looked at her as if she had suddenly repaired a great and deep wound that had brought them immense pain for a thousand years. Finally, Orion spoke. ‘We would gladly accept your offer, Daughter of Thor.’


Chapter 14



Love of a Vampire

Wil rode out that afternoon, after saying farewell to his friends with big hugs and many smiles and tears. He didn’t want to leave them, but his heart was dragging him towards his wife. He needed to see her, to know the face that carried those tainted emotions that he felt of her via the kigare. He wanted to be there for her. Wanted to love her again.
With him rode the three companions of the late Rayne Dragon-Sword, Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan, along with forty of the Forsaken Alit’aren and two hundred Aldebrands from the same clan. He did not imagine they would encounter further conflict between here and Nordhel, or the Hive as they now called it, but he still took enough warriors to ensure they were able to get out of any tight corners. In case Pendral and Balor showed up again in a Boli-Kuldr ambush.
Wil knew only too well how those demons had made it past the Green Border. Pendral or another of the High-Servants must have opened one of those Travelling Gates, that were now tainted from the corruption on Angel-Magic. Making it possible to bring demons through the portals that warped space. Traveling great distances in a single step. Wil imagined all of those Portals would have been heavily guarded for the last thousand years, following the battle at the Dawn of the Age of Chaos. The Gates were used to bring demon hordes deep within the territories of the Free Lands. Even as far west as the Kingarin Forest, according to stories he had been told since returning to Kismeria. 
This would mean Pendral or whoever brought the demons through would have also made a mess of whatever forces were guarding the Gate. Wil would leave that investigation up to Adem, Carl and Jean. Wil had his wife to think about. Emotions he had felt in Hayley since his return were more than troubling to experience. Suggesting the curse upon terael and perhaps the vampire curse itself that also flowed through Hayley’s veins had changed his wife. Changed her considerably from the gentle loving girl he had met at that farm west of Nordhel, way back when. 
He began his journey towards her. Asking his Battle Angel, Dis Pater, to inform Hayley’s own Angel, Druantia, that Wil was on his way to see her. He sensed new emotions rise in Hayley, joy and excitement seemed to bubble though her spirit like the light of a new day, burning in her heart. A heart that had not felt such light for many a year. He knew then that she still loved him. Dis Pater relayed those exact words in a message transferred from Hayley via Druantia. He sent back loving words. I could not bear another day of waiting to see you my darling. I will be with you soon.
He was not yet so desperate or foolish that he would tempt fate by entering the Travelling Gate that stood northeast of the direction they were now riding. The last time they tried that, the Gate had taken them directly to the East Lands, rather than the city of Nordhel. Even though the Alit’aren riding with him assured him they had mastered Jinn-Magic-Portals, Wil was as of yet uncertain. The risks were too great when he was separated from his friends. Instead he would trust in the swift hooves of his warhorse, even though it might take weeks to reach his destination. It was better than trusting in the will of the Shadow.

*** 
Shaye Eagle-Soul rode close to Wil Martyr every day of their journey. At night he stayed even closer, sitting by the fire with the legendary Son of Odin, as did Ellagon and Ragan. There was great admiration for the man amongst Shaye and his friends. They looked up to him, knowing they could learn much from the man if half the legends were to be believed.
Yet Wil seemed infinitely more interested in them! He constantly asked them questions about their old adventures with Rayne Dragon-Sword. What was the man like? Did he change much from when they knew him as a boy to the days after he became known as the son of Pendral? Was Rayne a kind person? Was he brave? Did he appear intelligent when making serious decisions? The questions were seemingly endless, about Rayne and his father Pendral, as well as the constant interrogations into the Children of Odin and their Angel-Magic. Wil Martyr was constantly becoming more and more fascinated with both Shaye and Ellagon; though he found any answers they gave regarding Ragan’s abilities to be equally intriguing. 
It was the fourth day of their journey when Wil’s mood changed slightly. He became more inwardly focused. Shaye could only guess at the reasons. Perhaps he was becoming more greatly involved in conversation with his wife Hayley via their Battle Angels, and the communication had become a distraction to his usual focus of interrogating the three men. However, Shaye noticed more about the changing mood of Wil Martyr. It suggested that perhaps Jinn-Magic was already having significant impact on the man’s mental health. His moods were darker, disturbed was a better word for it. His eyes often taking on that inward gaze. Shaye was anxious to ask whether it involved communication with his wife, though each time the question formed on Shaye’s tongue, he resisted out of respect for the man. Later he would always decide that too much time had passed for such a question to be appropriate without seeming rude or intrusive. 
This theory took further shape in Shaye’s mind over the next few days. A cold storm blew in from the north, icy winds, and torrential rainfall. The change in the weather seemed to impact Wil Martyr’s condition tenfold. Shaye decided this theory that the Jinn Arts were at fault, seemed more and more likely the more he thought about it—while he always took care not to mention such matters to his friends, although he was anxious to discuss it with someone, yet the legends of Wil Martyr’s immortal traits would make it likely the man also had exceptional hearing—as Wil Martyr was also born of mortal blood, and not of this world. Therefore, it seemed very likely that he might still be particularly susceptible to the mind-altering effects of the corruption of the Jinn Arts. This understanding caused Shaye serious concerns as the days progressed.
Shaye did not know much about the Ragnarök Prophecies, yet he knew enough to know that the Sons of Odin were vital in that cause. They were the crux of hope in obtaining victory over the Jinn-Lord at the Ragnarök Battle. It seemed vital then that those three men remained healthy, strong, but most importantly sane!
When the weather improved, and the sun was shining again, Shaye noted some improvement in Wil Martyr’s temperament. His mood was still darkened by some overwhelming force, though again Shaye was uncertain whether it was purely Jinn-Magic or also some fear for the safety or wellbeing of his wife. Finally, Shaye endeavoured to enquire as to the source of his personality changes. They rode in the morning sunlight, following the Oak Road that led to the Old King’s Road, that had always led to Nordhel in the days when the Hive was ruled by Nordic Kings. ‘Your mood has become notably sour these past few days, my Lord,’ Shaye spoke the words phrased more as a question. ‘It has sparked my curiosity as to whether it relates more to your adapting to wielding the Jinn Arts, or perhaps a personal matter between you and your vampire bride?’
‘Hayley is not truly a vampire!’ Wil snapped in response. He seemed to hold himself in check as he continued. ‘It could be a bit of both. I admit, my concern for Hayley is grave, yet the Jinn Arts also seem to be having a particularly negative effect, much sooner than I can remember of Jinn-Magic on teron. I understand your concerns, Shaye Eagle-Soul. I will endure.’
‘I know a little of the legends concerning the origins of Jinn-Magic infecting Angel-Magic,’ Shaye continued, trying a different line of inquiry. ‘It is said that the Sons of Odin were corrupted with a kind of evil force that leads to madness, during a witnessing to ghosts, in your home world? It is my understanding that this force was transferred onto teron, through some link between the Sons of Odin and Angel-Magic when you first arrived. 
‘Forgive me for mentioning this, Lord Wil. My reasoning is that I believe Jinn-Magic is slightly different, in that it was always a part of our world. Created by Jinn-Fendinn for his Generals to wield against us. Perhaps for this reason, the effects of the Jinn Arts are slightly different also?’
Wil rode in silence for a time. Considering those words thoroughly, before he gave a deep sigh. ‘It is my understanding that they are one and the same thing. Adem knows more about it than I do, perhaps even more than Carl, and Carl is the religious expert! But Adem always said there was a danger of all three of us becoming corrupted by that ghost force. It was explained to us that this force was responsible for tainting teron when we first arrived in Kismeria. The words were spoken to us by King Orion Demon-Slayer.’
Shaye rode on in further silence, as the impact of those words settled upon him. The fact that King Orion had spoken the words must mean they were a part of the prophecies, and perhaps part of that information had been a secret amongst Immortal Kings since the First Age. 
After a time, he added, ‘In my experience, it is better to have knowledge than not have it. The Jinn Arts are something I am not able to wield, as is the case with most Children of Odin. Most of us cannot experience Jinn-Magic on teron or terael either. They say the lightning storms of Odin’s Awakening and Return, changed the Children, so that we are able to wield a pure form of Angel-Magic, whether the male or female halves.
‘My point here is that, I have never known the troubles of Jinn-Magic, nor have I experienced the foulness associated with the Jinn Arts. Yet in the case of the latter, it means I am also unable to use a very strong form of magic. The Jinn Arts are impressive in their capacities, in some cases it can be used to greater effect against our enemies. 
‘For that reason alone, you are perhaps gifted in ways that I will never understand; or be capable of.’
‘What good is the knowledge of an experience if it also drives you insane?’ Wil Martyr asked that question after a grunt that suggested he was troubled by such words.
‘Perhaps that is true,’ Shaye replied. ‘It is something I cannot explain as clearly as I hope to, although I am trying. I guess what I mean is, your magic comes from that tragic experience that forced Jinn-Magic upon your mind and soul. Yet if not for that experience, and the knowledge and abilities that came with it, our world would not have its Saviours.
‘So, perhaps your suffering is all part of some divine sacrifice, designed by higher powers to make you capable of fighting our war. If Carl Wilder’s teachings are to be believed, perhaps it is a personal quest and test for the Sons of Odin. To grapple with the effects of corruption, ultimately to defeat its hold over you.’ Wil rode in silence, appearing to be grappling with an understanding of the concept that could appease his state of mind.
‘If that is true,’ Wil said, ‘what of the rest of you? There are thousands of wielders suffering from the corruption upon teron and terael. The world suffers. What purpose does this serve for Kismerians?’
‘Perhaps we are all being tested too,’ Shaye offered. He was quicker to answer this time, as he had guessed what line of questioning Wil would take in response to his own. ‘Maybe the Sons of Odin have brought the ultimate test to our world, and the Daughter of Thor. I have heard her decisions had some involvement in the resulting curse upon the female half of Angel-Magic. This test could be what defines Kismerians as a people. Uniting us after countless Ages of war, bickering between nations and battles of conquest.
‘I believe it is all a part of some grand design. I believe the Sons of Odin will still win at the Ragnarök Battle, despite the ways in which Jinn-Fendinn continues to try to drive us all into despair and madness.
‘Jinn-Fendinn is the real enemy. We must defeat His Jinn-Magic if peace is ever to be achieved in this world. You were sent to deliver us from destruction. Our fate rests upon your shoulders. I urge you to try to remember that when you feel the weight of corruption upon your heart and soul.’ Shaye believed he could actually witness a weight being lifted from the man’s shoulders when he heard those words. Wil Martyr breathed a sigh that sounded like relief. ‘Your words are encouraging, Shaye. I appreciate you giving such sound advice. I will try to remember.’
Shaye kept quiet for a while, before he brought up another issue, that he had wanted clarified most of his life. ‘My real father was reportedly a religious man,’ he began, ‘and he followed the teachings of the Holy Bible.’
‘I understand there are many who have taken up the religion,’ was all Wil said.
‘This is true,’ Shaye replied. ‘My father left me this trinket. It is the only thing I have from either of my parents.’ He lifted his neck chain to show Wil a small silver cross. ‘The Holy Cross of Jesus Christ,’ Shaye said, as Wil took a closer look at the embossed images and words. 
On one side was the images of a young boy, with a mother’s and father’s face above him. The boy held a staff with the Holy Cross at its tip.
‘Jesus, Mary and  Joseph, Pray for Us,’ Wil remarked, as he read the embossed writing.
‘Yes,’ Shaye replied, ‘but it is the other side that has always made me wonder.’
He turned the cross over, to show a priestly elderly figure, with the words: St. Christopher, Protect Us.
‘The Patron Saint of Travellers,’ Wil replied. ‘What of it?’
‘It’s just that … ,’ Shaye began, then fear got the better of him. ‘It is nothing … never mind.’ He clutched at the cross a moment longer, then tucked it back beneath his shirt and did not bring it up again.
They rode on in silence for the rest of the day. By nightfall when sitting around the campfire, Shaye could see that the Jinn was still darkening the personality of this man, who the prophecies said could save them. But they also declared that the Sons would destroy the world. Shaye wondered if the last thousand years were an adequate form of that destruction, or whether it was a fate they still had to face.

*** 
During the second week of their journey, Wil saw an elderly looking immortal with a long white beard and wise blue eyes, standing in front a large stone. Carved in the shape of an obelisk, obsidian. It reflected the fading light of day as if emanating a strange and ominous force. As he approached the man, he saw and heard that he was attempting some kind of incantation upon the stone. The dark glass marked with strange runes glowing gold and red.
‘What is that?’ Wil asked. The old man turned: ceasing his chant and arm waving. Holding a gnarled wooden staff, he looked like some kind of wizard. Dark green silk robe worked with golden symbols shaped like horses and lions. A similarly worked conical wide-brim hat. His expression was a mixture of daunted and perplexed emotions at the presence of Wil and his riders, as if he had not been aware of their approach. 
He lifted his hat and scratched at his white-haired scalp, staring Wil up and down in the saddle. He gave a sweeping bow, flourishing the hat and using the staff for support, suddenly seeming much younger than his appearance would at first suggest. Such was the way of immortals.
‘That, my good sir,’ the man began in a warm but rasping tone, ‘is a Resting Point for Battle Angels. My name is Cromwed. I am a wielder of sorts, though I was never trained to be Alit’aren. I have stood here at this obelisk for nigh on three years, taking my leave to rest, bathe and eat of course. In the hopes of luring these Battle Angels out of this Resting Point. To join with my staff and assist me in fighting off the bandits that trouble our village.’
‘That is a substantial time to make such attempts,’ Wil admitted. ‘Do you know any secret or legend to unlocking the device?’ The question seemed to irk Cromwed. His pale skin suddenly turned bright red in a flushed state. ‘If I knew that I wouldn’t be standing here now!’ he replied in irritation. ‘What is your name, good sir? What brings you to these parts with these Forsaken bred? I hope you haven’t come to cause trouble!’
It was Shaye who introduced him. ‘You are looking at Wil Martyr, one of the three Sons of Odin. I think you are forgetting your manners, old man.’ At these words Cromwed appeared utterly astonished. He suddenly got down on bended knee, casting down his hat and staff: palms clutched together as he began to plead for forgiveness. ‘I have forgotten my manners completely! I should have known at first glance. Good noble lord, I beg your pardon. Let us begin anew?’ Wil nodded agreement as the man began to stand again. This time appearing to suffer from weakened bones as he gave a deep sigh and then a groan, before standing with the grace and lightness of spirit of a youngling. ‘There is only one thing I know about any kind of secret, Lord Wil. It is said that only a man who is wise, brave and pure of heart may summon the Angels that reside here.’
‘Perhaps you are not completely pure of heart then,’ Shaye offered. Cromwed seemed to immediately take offence, as if the words were a total insult and further test of his patience.
‘And what is your name, good sir?’ Cromwed asked. ‘I know enough to know you other three are not any of the Sons! You should respect your elders!’ 
‘I only meant that you are clearly very brave and wise, good sir,’ Shaye replied in a tone that suggested he was not intimidated by the old Nordic. He also put some kindness in his response, to which Cromwed suddenly beamed under the words of praise. 
‘Would you like to try it?’
Shaye got down from his horse: walked towards the obelisk, placed his hand against the dark glass. In that instant a brilliant flash of light exploded from the monument, filling Wil’s vision with colourful energies. He covered his eyes to deflect the incredible glare. A moment later, three Battle Angels hovered around the obelisk, two male and one female. One of the males was instantly recognizable as Kohbahl, the Angel of Stone. Ten feet tall, marked in dark runes over skin that appeared like pale rock. A wide jaw with thick stubble like green moss. Wielding a giant double-bladed axe of emerald glowing crystal. Kohbahl appeared almost identical to one of the Battle Angels that had assisted them in the Goblin City, yet Dis Pater advised him this was his Brother. The other male was surely Gwydion. Looking similar to Cromwed: pale silk robes emanated light in the gathering dusk. Gwydion was the Magician God. He had assisted Adem and his friends towards the end of their battles before leaving Kismeria.
The female Angel was short and slender, and very beautiful. He knew she must be Tamigol, one of the Forest Angels. She wore a dress that was almost see-through, pale silken light of frost in the shapes of maple leaves. Long brown hair flowing in locks. Emerald ember eyes.
Cromwed had been back on his knees since soon after the flash of light dissipated. The old Nordic was mumbling, ‘You, good sir, are truly wise and brave and pure of heart.’
It was Gwydion who spoke to Wil, in a deep powerful tone, ‘Wil Martyr, we have waited long for one who is worthy to summon us from deep slumber. This man, Shaye Eagle-Soul, is one who holds all the necessary attributes to obtain our service. I would personally like to join with your Resting Point, as the Sons of Odin fight the greatest of causes. I would be glad to assist you at the Ragnarök Battle.’ Wil was considering allowing the third Battle Angel to join with Ragan, and the other two with Shaye and Ellagon. After some discussion, Wil accepted Gwydion as his second Battle Angel. Shaye took Tamigol into his spear. Ellagon accepted Kohbahl into his golden axe. 
Cromwed then stood and bowed to Shaye and Wil once again, before he spoke in the Old Nordic Tongue. Summoning a bright white horse that galloped into view from the nearby woods. Wil was instantly stunned when he set eyes on the mare. It was definitely an altherin breed! The horse moved at a trot to stand beside Cromwed. The old man stroked its mane, before saying to Wil, ‘I will gladly trade you your horse for my dearest Ellabatha. This one deserves to fight for a righteous cause. She will serve you well.’
Wil was overwhelmed by the honour of the gift. He accepted, as Cromwed spoke to the horse again, saying; ‘Si tol ma anruta rogardis, Ellabatha.’ Wil’s Battle Angels interpreted the words. I give you into this noble man’s service, Ellabatha. The horse stamped its front hooves, as if upset to part with her master. Then moved towards Wil, who was now dismounted. Wil found the mare was surprisingly calm in accepting him as rider as he climbed on to the saddle. 
‘It would please me greatly, Wil Martyr, if you and your companions would visit our village. We have many troubles with bandits. They raid us at night, stealing, murdering, and burning crops. They are mostly mortals, but they outnumber us greatly. We have struggled to fight them off completely. They return each week or sometimes even each night.’
‘I will appoint my men to guard and protect your village,’ Wil replied. He felt this was a cause he could not refuse. ‘I will use Ellabatha’s swift hooves to reach my wife in short time. Then I will return to see if my associates have rid your village of tyranny.’
Wil gave the men their orders, then rode out upon the fields with the speed and grace that was only capable of immortal horses. Wind flowing around his form and the landscape transforming in a blur that was like some all-powerful spell, taking over his surroundings, over nature itself. Shaye had warned of the dangers of travelling alone before he said his farewells, but Wil was a Son of Odin, and now he had two Battle Angels.

*** 
Hayley knew her husband was now returning to her with great speed. Druantia confirming that he had obtained an altherin mount, something very rare these days! She informed her daughter Enserah, who was equally overjoyed at the news! They hugged and held each other tightly in the lamplit cathedral style hall, a place of worship for the Old Gods. There were no statues of Christ or the Holy Cross to hinder the health of her Vampire Coven. Despite this fact, Hayley had also become a person of faith in the Son of God. She prayed to him daily, even though it resulted in terrible headaches. She told herself it was her punishment for the curse that had afflicted her for over a thousand years.
It was in fact one thousand and seventeen years since she was first bitten. Official calendar marking this year as 1017 A.C. or Age of Chaos. Some said the return of the Sons and Daughter would bring about a new Age. There were Prophecies of both the All-Father and Jinn-Fendinn, each promising a different outcome for such a future. Prophecies could be changed. But they couldn’t both be right, could they? The All-Father or the Jinn-Lord would be victorious, therefore the conflicting prophecies must be open to possible alterations. Based on the acts of the warriors most strongly linked to the Hero Chain. The Sons and Daughter first and foremost, but also the Children of Odin, the Heroes of Will. Even her Vampire Coven and the Forsaken might be worthy of such links to the Chain. Driving the Shield of Fire and the Great Cycle of Ages.
‘Your father will be arriving in a few days,’ Hayley told Enserah. ‘You must prepare. I will have you bathed, perfumed, and dressed in your finest gown for his Arrival Ceremony. I must alert the Alit’aren, Aldebrands and Ael Tarael within the Coven. My husband must receive a warm welcome that signifies his honour. One that shows deep respect for one of the Sons.’
‘Will he not be in great danger, Mother? Travelling alone when he is such an important figure? What of the prophecies about him? How is he? Is he well?’
‘He is as good as can be expected, dear daughter. The Jinn afflicts him greatly already, but there is still light in his heart. A flame that we will kindle with our love and admiration of him. Do not speak of the Dark Prophecy to your Father when we first meet him. I will decide when the time is right.’
‘Yes, Mother, oh, I promise!’ Enserah took a step back to gaze into Hayley’s eyes as she exclaimed, ‘You are looking under the weather, dear Mother! Have you been drinking your normal share? You know you need it to remain healthy!’
‘I am just pressured by so many things, Enserah! The world is in chaos, close to ruin. We are among the few with any hope of putting things right again, yet the Martyr Coven is a despised people. We are forced to remain shut in here in the darkness. Sleeping through most of the daylight: only free to wander the Free Lands under moonlight. It is a terrible restriction, limiting my ability to transport my forces. Especially now that Angel-Magic is gone. We have no Portal-Spells to carry us across great distances.’
‘What could be the cause of such a disturbance, Mother? I have thought about it many times, but I cannot find a definite answer. I still await the report from my scouts searching out Rolimbtorel. I believe that is a good place to start!’
‘Witches and Warlocks would not likely have the capacity to wipe out Angel-Magic completely. Despite Battle Angels and Children of Odin still being able to wield teron and terael, the impact of such a restriction must be created by some massive form of magic. Perhaps my husband will have further news.’
It was then that Druantia informed her that Wil’s Battle Angels had relayed the real cause. Enserah’s theory was pretty close to the mark. She related the news to her daughter and Enserah positively beamed with delight to have been on the right track all along.
‘We must keep this a secret between ourselves, Enserah. The mission of the Sons and Daughter could be compromised if Jinn-Fendinn’s spies were to learn of this.’ In truth Enserah had been more perceptive than Hayley allowed her to know. Hayley had been abstaining from her regular cups more often of late. A further punishment for her altered state from the woman her husband had first met. Hayley knew she must appear beautiful, healthy, and vibrant when Wil arrived. So tonight, she would drink more blood than usual.

*** 
Larg Keledren, High General of the Martyr Coven, overheard the conversation between Hayley Martyr and her daughter. Using his exceptional immortal senses to detect the words over a reasonably short distance, but between many dividing walls. He would need to inform the High-Servant the next time he visited. Pendral and his Hex-Keepers would need to put plans into action. 
Larg had served Hayley for over a thousand years, always seeming faithful and subservient—and in truth she was the second woman he had ever loved in all his years, as she was beautiful, courageous, and she had a dark soul—but Larg was never able to free himself from the clutches of the Shadow. 
In truth, the High-Jinn had nothing to hold over him except death and damnation. But the latter was enough to keep him in check. Working with the minions of the Shadow, including communication with Koncha, his former vampire leader via the High-Servants. The Witches and Warlocks of Rolimbtorel were also a part of that grand scheme. A network of evil corroding the heart of the world.
The High-Jinn would know of this already of course. He would have witnessed it through the eyes and ears of Hayley and Enserah, as well as Larg’s own mind while eavesdropping. Jinn-Fendinn knew everything that went on in the minds of wielders. His communication with his Generals was weakened by His diminished strength. As well as His imprisonment deep within Kerak’Otozi. Pendral and the others would know of it soon enough of course, yet they would still contact Larg. Commanding him to commit further treachery. His soul was all but sold down the river of fire. Nowhere to run even if he considered escape. 
He returned to his chambers. Pendral emerged from the shadows in his dark hooded cloak. His blade was sheathed, which brought Larg some relief. They thought they could still use him. Pendral, or Koriken Demonfist as he insisted on being called, spoke with a soft madness. His mask removed to reveal a face that was twisted with hatred and apparent nausea. ‘You were supposed to summon me at the first moment of any news on the whereabouts of Wil Martyr!’ There was passionate insanity to his tone. ‘I know now that you have been avoiding your commitments to my service. I will remember that when I no longer consider you to be of any use. You will receive a special form of punishment. Skinned alive: boiled in oil over a raging flame. We will soak your bones in Hellfire Acid to finish the job. I look forward to hearing your screams of agony, dog!’
Larg quickly told all he had overheard from Hayley. Although he loved her, he was a dark and terrible soul also. He did not fear death, though he still dreamed of eternal salvation. Even though he knew it probably was just the madness getting to him too. He believed if he could avoid death for as long as possible, there was some hope of redemption in the future. 
When Pendral learnt that the Sons and Daughter knew the source for cutting Angel-Magic off from Kismeria, he snarled like a feral wolf. Baring his teeth as his rage filled him near to bursting!

*** 
Wil did not stop for the first day of riding, yet he did not wish to tire the altherin. He was sure Ellabatha was capable of days of riding without rest. He stopped however, at intervals, whenever he reached a village along the way. It slowed his journey so much that he decided it would’ve been best to bring a suitable guard with him. Traveling at a slower speed from the outset. 
The reason he was slowed was that he was gaining a following of riders at every village. It started with three Aldebrands and their two Ael Tarael. Tall lean Nordic men with sword hilts rising above their pauldrons. Two women of exceptional Torvellen beauty. Dark haired: burning black eyes, tan skin. He found it impossible to refuse the riders from joining his quest. The Ael Tarael knew him the moment they spotted him, only by his physical appearance. They insisted that he allow them to follow, to provide protection on his journey. He gave in.
Next it was a number of soldiers at the following village. Wil was reluctant to stop there for this very reason, yet the other riders had no immortal horses. So, he allowed another rest. More warriors insisted on joining his quest. He accepted with a grimace.
At the next village, his entourage brought the attention of Shadow Wolf Aldebrands. A patrol from the Green Border. They were not Forsaken warriors. Yet Wil could see in the eyes of these men that they had at least wielded the Jinn Arts during the last three years. Or Angel-Magic had brought some corruption upon their souls, during their lifetimes before teron became unreachable. There were two hundred of these men that wanted to join. They were undoubtedly amongst the finest swordsmen of this Age. Agnars with some capacity to wield the Jinn. So, he allowed it while groaning at the time he was losing.
By the time he had visited ten villages, over six days of riding, he had a small army riding at his side. His forces continued to swell, until the day they approached a large cross standing in the field near a number of farmhouses. The memory of Carl making the cross suddenly flashed through his mind. He realised that this was Hayley’s home! 
This was where she grew up. He and Hayley had been married here under this Holy Cross. It throbbed and pulsed with a blood red glow, the presence that emanated from the monument was ominous and dark. Wil wondered at that. It seemed likely that whatever Power of Christ had resided in the Cross was becoming influenced by the Magic of Jinn-Fendinn. Possibly due to so many wielders now practicing Jinn-Magic.
Whatever the reason for it, Wil did not like it. It felt wrong; made his stomach clench in disgust. He suddenly felt nauseas and tried deep breathing to bring a state of calm. He could see that the farmhouses were abandoned. They were different to those he remembered here a thousand years ago. It was likely they had been rebuilt a number of times during the Age of Chaos. It was possible that whoever had lived here before the farms were abandoned had been from a line long separated from Hayley’s true blood kin. 
He suddenly felt terrible sadness from Hayley via the kigare. He realised, she must know where he is, possibly communicated via his Battle Angels to Druantia. Wil felt a terrible flood of guilt for that day, when he had chosen to win the attentions of a young woman. Hayley had reminded him of a girl he had known back home. The result was that he married Hayley that night. Soon after she became a target of the High-Servants. She was bitten by a vampire; and had lived ever since with a terrible curse in her heart in soul. 
He decided then that things might have been better if he had just avoided talking to the young woman that had caught his eye that day. Perhaps then, even if Hayley had only lived a normal mortal life, she would have lived in the heavens in peace and glory until the end of time.
‘Do we make camp here, Lord Wil?’ Ael Tarael Glendella asked him in her cool polite tone.
‘No, if we ride on, we will reach Nordhel sometime before midnight. I want this journey to be over with. My wife is anxious to speak with me. I will not let her wait another day.’
At the last village they had spent the night at, Glendella had arranged for two banners to be made. One was the sigils of the four Rohjors, the Wolf, Lion, Fox, and Dragon. The other was of the Black Shadow Wolf. Black and silver on blood red silk. That banner would draw more warriors to his cause as long as he allowed it to be shown. He also felt that it was right. These people needed a cause to follow. Those banners were perhaps an irresistible summons to any warrior who wished to oppose evil.
The other concern was that they were approaching another Travelling Gate. Wil had been increasing the size of his forces by another means this entire journey. Packs of wolves that spoke to his mind—via a similar ability to the kigare—had been joining his ranks for the past two weeks. He was not sure exactly how many wolves there were in total. With over twenty in most packs, and his current estimate at over fifty packs, he had the ability to scout the surrounding forests and hillsides while his enemies were likely unaware.
It was the second hour after nightfall when one of the pack leaders sent a warning. The howl of wolves could then be heard to the north, followed by the grunts and snarls of thousands of Boli-Kuldr on the horizon. A dark shining mass of armour, blades, and spears; hooves stomping the earth in a wild stampede. Beasts with heads of bulls, rams and even lions or bears charged with impossible speed as the earth trembled and the demons roared. Some carried large cages held by four of them on poles. Their orders would likely be to capture Wil if possible. Others wielded black sabres taller than any man. Spears with blades the size of broadswords at their tips. Wil began to realise how foolish he’d been to separate from Adem and Carl.
‘What are your orders, Lord Wil?’ Ael Tarael Synthia asked in a controlled tone, despite a hint of fear.
‘We try to outrun them!’ Wil shouted, using the Jinn to amplify his words across the air. Riders began to gallop, many breaking ranks as the horses neighed in panic. Wil rode ahead to lead them, continuing east towards the Hive. Some of the riders narrowly escaped the charging Boli-Kuldr. They galloped in a desperate attempt to outpace the bloodthirsty pursuers. Wolves joined the chase, thousands of wolves. Leaping to chomp and shred through individual demons: pushing them to ground to bite through throats in black bloody sprays. Boli-Kuldr ranks spread out. Forming a wall that would become a pincer movement if they managed to overrun the horses.
Wil sensed the bloodlust of those wolves. They hated Boli-Kuldr with a vengeance, but there were more demons than wolves back there. Boli-Kuldr were fast runners, stomping the earth with their massive bull and ram shaped hooves. Growling in the tongues of evil beasts!
Wil would not summon his Battle Angels, unless, they became trapped in some valley or mountain cutting them off as a wall of cliffs. The land might have changed from the flat fields he could remember the last time he had travelled these roads. He sent a warning to Hayley. Not asking that she send help, just telling her Battle Angel to inform his wife to be ready. They were bringing a battle to her doorstep. 

***
Hayley and Enserah had donned their battle armour, soon after Druantia sent the alert. Larg Keledren, her High General, had summoned a large force of vampires, to saddle up and prepare to ride out on to the fields. There were thousands more on the walkways of the city walls, armed with bows and arrows, as well as some wielders capable of devastating attacks via the Jinn. Most of the Hive had woken long before the call to arms began. She had gathered a force of over five thousand riders: nearly half of them already positioned on the field surrounding the gate.
Others would pour from side gates to attack on the flanks when the Boli-Kuldr reached the city walls. Crushing the demons with Archers, Aldebrands, Alit’aren and Ael Tarael wielding Hellfire-Arrows and spells of Jinn-Magic. Along with over a thousand heavy cavalry to charge and trample the enemy. Hack them down with blades, spears, and lances.
Hayley did not summon Druantia until she knew Wil was close. Soon she could hear the thunder of hooves approaching. Waves of riders flowed into view on the moonlit fields. Boli-Kuldr hordes in pursuit swarmed on the western horizon. Black plated cuirass and silver spiked pauldrons were a writhing sea of glistening metal. The ground trembled under the hooves of those massive beasts. Hollow wails and grunts of bloodthirsty beasts. 
Wil’s riders were looking ragged after being pushed so hard, their horses breathing hard and lathered in a foam of sweat.
Hayley gave the signal, summoning Druantia as a flare of emerald filled the sky, arcing over the field to the west to shower the riders in light. Illuminating the demons also, as her Archers and other Aldebrands upon the fields let arrows fly. A thousand black shafts fell and split through Boli-Kuldr skulls, throats, and chests. Three or four shafts striking to pummel individual beasts into the dirt! Those attacks were aimed primarily at the Boli-Kuldr looking likely to close the gap between the fleeing riders. Fired on the flanks of the demon horde, cutting down hundreds of Boli-Kuldr that collapsed in pools of dark blood. Allowing greater chance of an escape for Wil and his forces. Another two waves of arrows and hundreds more demons collapsed in piles. Hindering those charging behind the fallen ranks. Boli-Kuldr began to fan out  around the fallen bodies. An assault of Hellfire-Arrows launched on both flanks, from the north and the south, blasting skulls apart and ripping burnt holes through breastplates. Tearing limbs free. Demons wailed: bleeding stumps spraying black blood. 
The gate portcullis remained closed at this point. She would not risk those demons getting inside the city. Their numbers were great, and Boli-Kuldr could still hunt and move about in daylight. Making it possible for them to break into homes and even the fortress itself to hack through sleeping vampires in their tombs in the days that followed. She had to keep them out, but she could not risk losing her husband either.
For this reason alone, both Hayley and Enserah joined the riders that poured from the South Gate. Hundreds of warriors charged around the city walls, to meet with Wil and his riders as they approached the West Gate. Hayley summoned Druantia. Suddenly the front lines of demons were being ripped down into the ground. Coils of vines and leaves reached up like arms, crushing some like ripe fruit to burst in a dark spray. Others were dragged under the earth, screaming wildly in pain and terror. Small marching trees with dark eyes and wicked gaping maws picked up Boli-Kuldr to bite off skulls. Black blood flowing down their trunks like dark sap. Walking trees punching holes through throats and chests with branches like arms and fingers like knives.
Wil was suddenly by Hayley’s side, glancing for a moment at Enserah, surely knowing instantly that it was his daughter. He shouted the names of his Battle Angels, and Dis Pater and Gwydion appeared to join the fight! The Magician God hovered beside Druantia’s emerald robed form. The dark-haired female Angel immediately forming a Link with both males. Gwydion released swarms of Pixie Wardens, palm sized fairies of blue flame that flew like bolt-lightning. Tore through demon chests, gaping holes seared through breastplates or skulls or limbs blasted apart in bloody sprays. Boli-Kuldr fell clutching bleeding shoulders or legs ripped at the knee. The forested night filled with their hollow wails. Wardens blasted ram and bull, lion, and bear skulls apart in bloody black bursts. Decapitated demons fell with black blood spurting from their necks in dark fountains.
Dis Pater charged forwards, appearing small compared to the Boli-Kuldr. Golden axe alive with brilliant orange flame, the blade hacked through limbs: decapitated or split skulls in black sprays. Sheets of fire roaring from the weapon as the axe cleaved, spun, whirled: split breastplates, shattered flesh, and bone!
Archers and Aldebrands wielding bows formed lines to unleash waves of arrows. Dark shafts filled the night sky, punching through skulls and chests. Cutting down demons by the thousands. Crossbows aimed in lines from the north and south flanks. Ripping off limbs or punching though thick shaggy demon thighs to halt the Boli-Kuldr in their tracks. Bolts tore through black armour and demon skulls as if they were formed of melted black butter.
Riders on the flanks began a charge. More than a thousand heavy cavalry. Attacking from the north and south: rushing the demon ranks, striking with whirling blades. Tore through armour with spears or lances. Demons were crushed, trampled, or ripped apart with enchanted steel. Her warriors were all vampires, they were stronger and faster than most natural immortal breeds. With the Archers to harry the demon ranks and the force of those charging cavalry, these creatures did not stand a chance. Druantia’s Tree Men and the larger Green Men made of mess of the demon ranks that still pushed forwards. Ripping limbs and skulls free, demon skulls devoured in gaping maws. Green Men stomped the Boli-Kuldr like squashed fruit, bodies bursting in blasts of black blood. Electric Emerald Dwarves coursed from the impact of each strike, hacking Boli-Kuldr down at the knees with green-ember axes.
Soon the enemy was cut down to a small few: they fled in terror of impending death. 
Her city was saved, and so was her husband! 
That night, when they were alone together, Hayley remembered the reason she loved Wil Martyr so much. Together they stayed up until the dawn, making love in endless passion. She was glad to know his desire for her was stronger than ever before.

Chapter 15


A Precious Relic

Adem followed Orion Demon-Slayer through the woods towards the old cemetery. The former Torvellen King halted in front of a large, bronzed sculpture of both Terese Sapphire-Sword and Arig Flame-Bow. Standing back to back, Terese with her sword, Arig with his bow. It was a fine work of art; the likeness of the two so exact that Adem thought the artist must have met the pair during their lifetimes spent with the Sons and Daughter.
Orion bent down to scratch away at some earth and dry leaves under the statues. His fingers found a heavy iron ring that he lifted, and pulled, to open a trapdoor. Opening in the fading light of day to reveal a descending staircase of stone.
‘Here!’ Adem shouted in exasperation. ‘You left the Harp of Souls here all this time? Under a statue of the two Heroes of Will that assisted the Sons of Odin and Daughter of Thor in the living flesh! That is sheer madness, Orion!
‘A three-year-old could have worked out that it was buried here! What made you think it would be safe from the High-Servants once they returned?’
Orion stood looking down into the darkness of the tomb with a perplexed expression in response to Adem’s harsh words. He shrugged his shoulders and replied in a gruff tone, ‘I knew I had to keep it somewhere, and the trapdoor remained hidden, as you can see.
‘I no longer have fancy castles with secret passageways and enchanted locks to hide away such relics. So, I did what I thought was best.’
‘You mean the lock on the chest that holds the Harp is not even protected by some form of Lock-Magic?’ Adem was astonished at his own question.
‘Fortunately, not,’ Orion replied with a grin. ‘For if it were, I think any of us would struggle to learn how to disable it without Angel-Magic at our disposal. Even using the Jinn to unlock such enchantments is a skill that High-Servants are more attuned to, I think.’
There was some wisdom in those words, Adem regretfully admitted to himself. Even if there had been some magic on the lock, the High-Servants would have easily discovered a way to disable it. If they had learnt that the Harp was hidden in this network of tunnels that held the tombs of perhaps hundreds of dead Nordics and other warriors of this region. Adem discovered the large store of coffins when he followed Orion down the steps. Engraved or carved with images of warriors holding their swords to their breastplates, wearing helmets with long hair on the women and beards on the men. Orion and Adem wielded balls of blue flame above their left hands, a variation of the Jinn to light their way. Both had their blades sheathed. It seemed unlikely there would be anything dangerous down here, except perhaps for a giant rat or two.
As they progressed through the network of tunnels, Adem began to see more clearly why this place was not such a bad idea for hiding the Harp. He did not believe he would find his way back without Orion to guide him. The paths they took towards the location where it was hidden was an intricate puzzle within a maze, including a number of hidden doorways of stone that rolled or were raised: allowing passage when Orion found hidden levers in the shadows. Adem’s confidence in the wisdom of this man began to grow again the more he saw along the way.
Further along they began to descend a path that was connected to a series of bridges and winding paths, supported by stone columns. Adem gazed into the dark abyss. He began to see stone structures, doorways, high stone walls connected to walkways and other evidence that this was not just a tomb. ‘Where are we?’ Adem asked his companion, to which Orion replied, ‘Holdhafthall. Ruins of an ancient underground city crafted by the Torvellen long ago. It is deserted; and has been for many an Age. The ruins run deep through this network of caves. There is gold down there: treasure too, but not where we are going.’
‘I’m starting to think we should have at least brought Tobin and Carl along with us,’ Adem suggested, to which Orion replied, ‘The dead cannot harm us, Adem Highlander. There is nothing to fear down here but rats!’
‘Great!’ Adem replied. ‘I hate rats!’
‘They will likely flee when they see our lights,’ Orion said, continuing to descend the walkways into darkness that seemed to push against their spheres of fire.
‘Are there any ghosts down here?’ Adem asked with caution. He hated ghosts even more than rats. Evil ghosts at least.
‘None, other than the ones we are searching for, hopefully,’ Orion replied, and that last word was spoken with some hint of amusement. 
‘Are they big rats?’ Adem asked after a time. 
‘The last time I was down here I saw one that was rather dog sized.’
‘What kind of dog?’ Adem asked alarmed.
‘You will be safe with me at your side, Adem Highlander. Do not fear the dark. Here it is ... Peaceful. Don’t you feel it?’
‘I just want to get back to the surface as soon as we can,’ Adem said, gazing around at the shadows while being extra careful not to trip on the precarious pathways. ‘Was the rat big dog sized or little dog?’
‘It was almost as large as a littler breed of dog, like the fluffy furred little snow breeds we call Tikus.’
‘Sounds like a Maltese Shih Tzu,’ Adem said in a calmer tone. ‘That’s a relief to hear. But that’s still one bloody big rat!’
‘They are easily dealt with if they become aggressive. Just try not to get bitten. They carry a terrible plague.’ Adem cursed under his breath which brought deep booming chuckles from Orion as they continued to descend.
After a time Adem began to get a creeping sensation of someone watching from the shadows. A predator stalking them on the path. He soon mentioned this to Orion, and the former King replied, ‘Yes, I have sensed the same for a short while also, from behind. Someone must be following, but who could it be? I closed the trapdoor, and we were not followed through the woods. I fear it was someone already down here.’
‘I thought you said everyone down here was dead, Orion!’
‘I did say that. Nevertheless, someone is following. I sense a kind of evil presence about them. It heightens my awareness of being watched, gives me the shivers.’ 
‘Should we try to backtrack and surprise them?’
‘No, they are cunning. I sense that also. They will surely see us approaching with our lights, and you would be blind without them.
‘We will continue on and hope that they get lost in these tunnels once we enter the city.’
‘Lead the way then,’ Adem agreed, though this time he did stumble on the path as that sense of being watched suddenly increased tenfold. ‘Did you feel that?’ he asked Orion, to which the Alit’aren Aldebrand replied softly, ‘Yes, there are now many eyes watching us from the shadows. Do not draw your blade unless I say so. Keep close and be on the alert. Do not continue to stop and turn to look back on the path.
‘I will do my best to try to get a good look at our pursuers.’
‘So, we just talk like normal?’
‘Yes, walk and talk as you wish. Let them believe we are either unaware or that we do not care. That way they will likely move close enough for my sharp eyes to catch a glimpse of one of them.’
And so, as they continued on, Adem asked, ‘Orion, how did you manage to keep the location of the relic a secret? Considering the fact that Jinn-Fendinn knows our every thought?’
‘That is not true,’ Orion replied in a correcting tone. ‘Jinn-Fendinn cannot read our minds. He does not know our thoughts, only what we say, see or hear. For this reason, the exact location of what we seek remains unknown even to me.’ Adem stumbled again before he asked in agitation, ‘You mean you don’t even know where it is?’
‘Not entirely, Adem Highlander. Allow me to try to explain. To get the relic out of sight, I had to trust it into the hands of those that were not wielders, so that the delivery of the object would be unknown to Jinn-Fendinn for all these years. The actual packaging of the relic was also done by those that would not be unwilling spies for the Shadow. This was accomplished through various forms of coded information and conversation between me and these other parties, to the extent that I did not even know where the object was contained when it was taken away.’
‘Deviously clever,’ Adem admitted.
‘Our recent conversation would have alerted Jinn-Fendinn to our plans. However, from what I have learnt of Jinn-Fendinn these last thousand years, I am almost certain that he will have difficulty alerting any of his Generals to this fact anytime soon. For this reason, I saw no need to bring others. More to the point, now that I am able to wield the Jinn, I think Old Orion Demon-Slayer and Adem Highlander would be capable of handling anything he might try to throw against us!’
‘Except perhaps Pendral,’ Adem agreed.
‘Yes, Pendral is very powerful, but mad also. Before he became completely mad, he was cunning as a fox, an expert strategist. I fear he may still have moments of such genius at his disposal.
‘You must find a way to defeat him eventually. Whether it be to overpower him, or to reason with him to the point that we may win him back.’
‘I don’t think that is at all likely,’ Adem said. ‘My son is very far gone.’
‘Yes, but he is also your son, Adem. You must find a way to reach him, or else you will be forced to discover a way to crush him into oblivion.’
At that exact moment, Orion spun to face the pursuer. His large dark eyes searching off into the shadows with a burning light within those orbs that gleamed with proof that he had seen something. ‘Yes, I have caught sight of one of them. I’m sorry to tell you this, but I fear the presence of the Harp has awoken some of the sleeping corpses, returning some sense of spirit to those decaying bones and flesh. That is the description of the one I have just now seen. He is tall, he wields a rusted sword, in the armour of the old Torvellen Kin, and he has not been a living body for a very long time.’ 
‘What could have preserved his body all this time?’ Adem asked in horror, searching the darkness while fearing to catch a glimpse of this monster.
‘Here, underground, in these caves, at the right temperature and humidity, anything is possible. You will soon see for yourself that the years have not been kind to this one. I fear there are more out there, and that the many pairs of eyes we sense belong to more of his kind.’
‘Should I ask Carl to send some help?’ 
‘They will get lost more likely than find us, even with Carl and Jean’s Battle Angels to sense for your own. No, we will find the Harp then we will fight our way through. There can’t be more than a few, perhaps a dozen or two.’
‘But will they fall down dead and stay that way?’
‘We will have to discover that when the time arrives. I fear your scar will also call to them. Even if I were able to wield a spell to hide our light, they would still be able to track us.’
‘So, we prepare to fight?’
‘I am always ready to fight, Highlander.’ Of all the people he could be down here with, Adem was suddenly glad it was Orion Demon-Slayer. He was very glad to be carrying Arawn in his blade also. Soon however, he knew he would not make it out of here alive without either one of them to guide but also to protect him. The scar was eating away at his physical strength. It was corruption of the flesh and bone rather than the psychological taint on teron. He felt the wound begin to throb with a warm dark painful glow as he sensed the Draugr creeping closer.
He had spent the better part of the last two weeks taking bedrest, yet they had wandered these tunnels for half the night already, and now he was beginning to feel weaker than ever before. He believed these Draugr were feeding the wound with their darkened spirits to increase the impact of its negative effects. He wanted to summon the Jinn to his defence; but that corrupt magic was so vile he avoided it until the necessary moment.
He guessed it was nearing daybreak when the sounds of dead souls murmuring began to fill the darkness around them. Adem shouted; ‘Arawn!’ The two men drew their blades, emerald and golden light shining in the shadows. Draugr warriors poured into the light! Some were awkward moving figures of grotesque rotting flesh. Others looked more human, and those ones moved faster. Wielding old swords and axes as Adem and Orion began to unleash Hellfire with a vengeance!
Arawn guarded the third position of their back-to-back defences, the Battle Angel wielding his blade of crimson flame to hack through corpses as if they were made of straw. Body parts began to fly, though there was no blood. Crimson ignition launched from Arawn’s blade: setting rotting flesh alight in pillars of inferno. Bodies collapsed in piles of black ash and crumbling burnt bone.
The problem was that the Draugr kept appearing; hundreds of them. Adem’s stamina was being drained by his throbbing scar as if Jinn-Fendinn had tapped into his breathing and blood flow. Extracting his ability to stand let alone wield the Jinn. Arawn would not last much longer either. They had become trapped here as Orion was having trouble opening the secret door located in this section of the city. They were trapped; surrounded by walking dead! The moans and vicious screams of hundreds more Draugr sounded from the shadows all around. Adem swung his emerald blade as sheet-lightning tore through dozens of chests and torsos. Bodies blasted to emerald ash embers. Skulls hit ground with that pale light still glowing in the dark empty sockets. He booted one of those skulls that was attempting to bite off his foot. 
He crushed his left fist, light flaring in his palm as dozens more bodies burst to flickering ashes like hay bales struck by lightning. Arawn planted the crimson blade into the stone floor. A savage blast of Storm-Flame launched outwards in sheets and waves. Incinerating over a hundred of the Draugr in a conflagration of blistering heat. They were charging into the light with the ravenous ferocity of zombies desperate to feed. He thanked God none of them had started moaning ‘Brains!’ He created a spell for Lightning-Hail, formed via the Jinn, as emerald spheres of energy the size of grapefruit fell like rain, smashing, burning, and blasting through skulls. The fireballs set fire to those they struck, as Elemental Magic began to spread through the Draugr ranks with a will of its own.
Orion’s Golden Tigers joined the battle, as the immortal continued his attempts to open the door. Formed of shadows as if their skin were made of tar, flashes of golden stripes danced across their flesh. The beasts roared as they charged to push enemies to the ground, biting off skulls as white heat flashed in their crushing jaws. Skin ripped from bones with metallic black claws.

*** 
Carl had monitored Adem’s progress through the underground maze most of the night; with Jean close by, also gaining communication via Tanriel. Now they were both more than worried. Adem had reported being trapped by the Draugr army, and they were preparing to rush to his aid. But they both knew they would have little chance of reaching him in time. For this reason, Carl had another idea.
‘I think I will be able to make a small Portal-Spell, to take a few of us directly to their fight, but it is dangerous. Using the Jinn for this ability involves potential risks I have not yet fully worked out.’
‘We have to try, Carl!’ Jean shouted in reply, both of them in dark armour with Tarz and a few of his Forsaken standing close to her. ‘We will leave Tobin with Lydia and Elmira to watch over Janeanne. You can make the attempt, bringing Tarz and me with you!’
‘That seems the most sensible plan,’ Carl admitted. He gripped the dark spear and began to harness Jinn-Magic to make the attempt. It took some time before he thought it might work, but suddenly a flare of crimson filled the air beside him, within a room on the second floor of Orion’s manor. The Portal-Spell was a round wall of darkness, edged with a red glow like Lightning-Acid. Carl warned them not to get any of those edges in contact with their skin as they tried to pass through.
It had worked, however. Carl could see Adem and Orion fighting in the darkness within the Portal-Spell, some way off in the distance. Rotting corpses rushing to attack them with swords and axes, the two men holding the attackers back with only their swords. Carl sensed that Adem at least was beyond enough strength to wield Jinn-Magic. Arawn was also returned to his Resting Point, which told Carl they had arrived just in time!
Jean leapt through the Portal-Spell before he could warn her further. Carl quickly followed with Tarz leaping through last. Carl’s fears for the dangers associated with the Jinn-Portal were confirmed when he turned to see a flare of the edges of lightning leap out to strike Tarz on the right side of his face. The man groaned as Hellfire Acid ate into his flesh, though Carl quickly used his skills with Jinn-Magic to reduce the corroding effects of the flare, and they had all wielded Shield-Spells before stepping through. The flare had broken through Tarz’s defences however, to the extent that a terrible wound now covered that side of his face. It would leave an impressive scar if the man survived.
Despite this, Tarz was first to leap into the attack, striking hard at a wall of Draugr with Hellfire Spears. Jean summoned Tanriel and wielded an assault of Acid Javelins.  Tanriel began to hurl Flame Spears from higher up within the chamber. Crimson shafts of incinerating cinders split through skulls, chests, and throats of the cursed corpses. Hissing acid stripping flesh from bone. Bones burnt to black smoking char collapsed in piles. Carl summoned Math Mathonwy to lend his aid with Shadow Hounds. The Hounds numbered close to twenty, an impressive improvement from when they first arrived. They howled and snarled, chomping down on skulls, or ripping skeletons apart with powerful paws and claws. Soon the enemy was reduced to a few that scattered in fear of destruction. 
Flame Spears had set hundreds to burning embers further out. Blasts of gold and crimson vaporizing flesh and bone in raging conflagrations. Mathonwy flowing through those walls of blazing heat as a Fire Angel of Hell. Decapitating, splitting skulls: hacking through torsos in vehement chaos combat.
‘Come with us, now!’ Jean shouted to Adem, who looked weary to the point that he might collapse at any moment.
‘We are here for the Harp!’ Orion shouted in reply. ‘You must aid us until we find it, then we will flee if you can form another Portal!’
And so, when Orion was able to figure out how to open another door within the chamber, they moved on together, further into the maze city. The thought that was troubling Carl now was, he considered the risks of forming another Portal-Spell to be too great, and he feared they might have to fight their way out of here. Travelling back the long way.

*** 
Adem’s scar was causing him terrible pain: draining him of strength. He felt the watchers in the dark feeding the curse with their dark powers, but also drawing from it. Zombies that lived off the spirit of corruption. His sword was still drawn, giving some light. Jean wielded a ball of blue flame to produce a bright glow along the path. Carl, Tarz and Orion gripped their weapons, ready to fight!
‘How do you know the way through this endless maze?’ Adem asked in frustration, to which Orion simply replied; ‘I am Torvellen.’
‘What makes you think you can find the Harp if you do not know where it is?’ Jean asked, and Orion replied, ‘It is linked to me, it calls me to it. We are nearly there.’
And sure enough, after passing through a few more doorways, and after spending at least another hour traversing through the city, they reached a plain stone chamber with cave like walls dripping water into a rock pool. Beside the water was an iron chest, and within that chest, was the Harp of Odin!
Orion lifted the relic out, wrapped in a black and golden banner made of silk. The sigil of the Golden Tiger, Orion’s House. After unwrapping the relic enough to ensure it was what they had sought out, Orion tucked the bundle under the crook of his left arm, while still gripping his golden blade in his right fist.
‘Can you form another Portal, Carl Wilder?’ Orion asked with desperate eyes.
‘I don’t think we should risk it,’ Carl replied. ‘Look at Tarz, that flare could have killed him! I think we should backtrack and fight our way out if necessary.’
‘I see your point,’ Adem said, looking more closely at the wound on Tarz’s face. ‘We have the Heroes of Will with us now. We should make it out.’
‘I would not summon the Heroes unless it is vital,’ Orion replied. ‘This journey has taken longer than I had guessed. I fear the Shadow may be planning to strike at us here while we attempt our escape.’
The risk of death via one of those Portal-Spells still outweighed the promise of another battle however, so the small party began to make their way back through the city with haste. 
Eyes of Draugr watching from the shadows.

*** 
Jean was feeling weary after a few more hours of racing back towards the surface. Climbing steep staircases were straining her physically. She had gone without sufficient rest for many nights leading up to last night. Concern for Adem kept her awake as she stayed by his bedside while he slept these past two weeks. Last night she had not slept at all, as she was frantic about Adem and Orion alone down here with an army of Draugr.
She felt those cursed beings stalking her from the shadows every step of their flight towards safety. They were hunting them, perhaps hundreds more than they had already faced. Seemingly cunning as well as corrupted. Some she had fought had been nothing but bones in armour, terrifying skeletons wielding rusted old swords and daggers. Their horrendous screams made her blood run cold. Empty black eye-sockets lit with spiritual fire.
Fortunately, Orion assured them they were nearing the surface. Orion opened another doorway of stone that rolled to one side after moving some hidden lever. They entered a smaller chamber filled with tombs of ancient warriors, Nordic and Torvellen. This must be the tombs that led to the trapdoor Adem had described to her. They were close to escape. She was relieved to know they had cut off the path of any of those Draugr in pursuit.
She felt a cold shiver down her spine when one of the coffin lids began to slide to one side. Moans of many dead souls began to fill the chamber all around them. At that moment Balor appeared in a flash of burning orange. The Battle Angel joined by three High-Servants. Dark cloaked and hooded, surrounded by crimson auras. Pendral was not amongst them. She could see that one of them was Torkhan. Well known for leading demons such as Nymloc and Jacoulra.
Adem, Carl and Jean summoned their Battle Angels. Light pushed through the darkness. Math Mathonwy rushed to strike at Balor, blades clashed in flickering crimson. Thunder boomed as lightning blasted from the force of impact. Arawn hacked at Torkhan’s Shield-Sphere. One of the other two appeared to be Drakrost Goblin-King. A force of evil flowed from these beings in waves. 
Tanriel hurled Flame Spears at the other High-Servants. The attacks met with crimson Shield-Spheres in a blast of colour and heat. The High-Servants retaliated with blasts of Hellfire. A wild conflagration swept through the chamber. Jean and her companions quickly formed Shield-Spheres to deflect the blasts. The hottest summer day heat could not compare with how she felt as golden-crimson flames surged around her.
Draugr were now rising from coffins. Most were caught alight by the flood of flames: screaming as flesh was stripped from smoking bones. Some that were purely formed of bone continued forwards—clothed in armour melting to magma slag—wicked daggers clutched in bone claws. They charged with great speed: hissing and screaming as they battered at the Saviours’ Shield-Spheres.
Tanriel began to assault the Draugr that were of greatest threat. Flame Spears turning skeletons to piles of glowing ashes. Arawn and Math Mathonwy continued to attack Balor from both sides. Balor deflecting their attacks with his crimson axe and Shields-Sphere, while the High-Servants continued to fill the chamber with scorching fire. 
Adem, Carl, Tarz and Orion were wielding the Jinn to fight back against the High-Servants. Yet their attacks were futile against Shield-Spells wielded by the Hex-Warlords. Jean hurled Hellfire and Acid Javelins—in blues, golden and emerald magic—each attack striking their Shield-Spheres to no effect. Her attacks simply dissipating in crimson flares. She guessed Adem was too weary to summon any of his Golden Soldiers. She sensed that terrible scar draining his strength with a vengeance—
It was then that she noticed light appearing in the distance. Above and behind the High-Servants, and she realised that someone had opened the trapdoor! Forsaken warriors began to pour into the chamber, garbed in dark armour wielding blades of glowing steel. They lashed out with Hellfire to strike at the High-Servants from behind, many of them linked in their attacks. Sphere-shaped shields of the Jinn surrounded each Forsaken warrior. They unleashed their assault against Balor. Striking the Battle Angel from behind while Arawn and Math continued to hack at his Shield-Spell. Blades of light flared and flickered: blasts of Elemental Magic tore through the air with incinerating heat.
Sensing their time to retreat, Balor vanished in a flow of magma that returned him to the Underworld. The High-Servants vanished in shadow-mauve burning warps. The flames subsided. Forsaken moved their attacks against the remaining Draugr, striking with Hellfire-Acid to melt flesh and bone. Rotting corpses collapsed in burning piles. 
Jean later learnt it was Janeanne who had sent the rescue team. Adem had communicated with her via Shienden, the dragon giving the message to their daughter’s mind with enough time for her to send a force of Forsaken. They had been waiting close to the cemetery with Janeanne, Tobin, Lydia, and Elmira, as Shienden had informed her they were going the long way home.
Jean decided she would try to get a good night’s rest tonight. If she could handle the nightmares. 

***
The next morning, Adem and his small army rode out of Red River, on a quest to return Angel-Magic to Kismeria. They did not bring the Eva’Hahlen, as Jean would not allow it. She told them she was grateful for their assistance during the attack on the village, but that she had a sufficient number of warriors with her to ensure success on this mission. Adem knew she truly did not yet wish to make any sort of bargain with more potential madmen.
She gave no argument when the Dark Elves assured her that they would remain to keep watch over Red River until she returned. Adem guessed she must have seen some advantage in this that was not worth refusal. He wondered if Jean could also learn to appreciate the potential of joining forces with the Eva’Hahlen, despite the risks associated with such decisions. 
Their army included a thousand of the Forsaken warriors. Perhaps not enough to survive another attack by Balor and the High-Servants, without the assistance of their Battle Angels, but surely enough warriors to deal with a few Witches and Warlocks at Rolimbtorel. A smaller force should be able to move more swiftly, breaking camp with less of a trail, and this would perhaps make it possible to reach the underground city with some degree of the element of surprise. They needed to catch the enemy off their guard.
They brought Janeanne as well, of course. The entire mission up until now had been to get to their daughter and ensure her protection, as long as they all remained here in this world. Orion and Elmira would not be separated from the young woman even if they were ordered to. Tobin and Lydia felt much the same way about her. They also allowed a small group of Children of Odin to join them. Handpicked by Tobin and Orion for their unique abilities, and the fact that a pure form of Angel-Magic was still available to them. There were apparently none in Red River with the ability to perform Healing-Magic via teron or terael, however. 
The Children were more often gifted with the knowledge for Destruction-Magic. Healing-Spells were relatively unknown amongst them. If they could not restore Angel-Magic to all wielders soon however, Carl had insisted they must seek out one of the Children of Odin who might be able to assist with an attempt to perform Healing-Magic upon Adem’s scar. Even a good night’s rest did little to rejuvenate his spirits. He still felt drained, weakened, and wounded.
The fact that the Children could still wield Angel-Magic was an interesting thing to consider. Likewise: with the Battle Angels, despite the fact that the latter were only now regaining some of their former strength. It reminded Adem that teron was always detectable when he tried to reach for it, yet it remained beyond his capacity to grasp and hold on to it. It was blocked from him somehow, but not from everyone.
They rode at a swift pace, though none of the horses were altherin, which made for a slower journey than he would have wished. Rolimbtorel was located beneath the mountain ranges bordering the Hardark Rohn region and the Kingarin Forest. It would take nearly a month to arrive at the rate they were going. By then it would be early autumn, but the winter snows should not begin to fall for at least another four to six weeks. Then it would be even more difficult to travel, and Carl’s Jinn-Portal technique still seemed more dangerous than it was worth. Rodriel Tarz’s facial wound was significant. Already his right eye had turned pale. The burn was becoming a thick scar that was currently pale pink but also very red in places. Adem did not want to risk Jean’s lovely face with another attempt, nor his daughter’s. It was also possible the risks were more serious injury or death.
Adem had been shocked to learn that a Torvellen city had stood beneath lands that had been ruled by Nordics for tens of thousands of years. During their lonely journey through Holdhafthall, Orion had explained that long ago there were many Immortal Kings. Clans shared regions that had later become divided. Some building cities on the surface, some below the earth. Others built cities in the high mountain cliffs, and they were known as the Sun Kin, and the Cloud Kin. That was during the Ages when there were more clans than existed now. Orion had been reluctant to relate the full history of the downfall of such clans. This world had suffered so many tragedies, its people pushed to the point of extinction on so many levels, by the ever-present threat of Jinn-Fendinn and his minions.
On the third night of their journey, Adem found enough strength to attempt sword practice with Orion. He knew he needed more training if he was to defeat his son. He also believed he may also lack the necessary strength in any of his magical abilities. Pendral was strong, but his madness could possibly be used against him. Adem had seemed able to disable Pendral to some extent when he talked to him of Isabelle and Rayne. He believed this was because they stirred deep emotions and powerful memories for his son. Pendral’s unbalanced character suggested this might be his only weakness. Adem began to wonder at how he might use this to his advantage.
Reasoning with Pendral seemed otherwise impossible. His madness was explicit. It corroded his heart and soul. His son also obviously held deep animosity towards Adem for not being there during his childhood, his apparent abandonment of Isabelle. Thinking of that woman brought pain, but he used the pain as fuel. Emerging as a thirst for vengeance as he moved through the sword forms. Orion’s golden sword clashing with his emerald blade in the light of the nearby campfires. 
The contest was watched by many, including Tobin, Lydia, Elmira, Jean, and Carl. Janeanne was further off, under heavy guard as she communicated with Shienden—as the dragon was following from the skies and he landed at their camp each night—via the mind communication they shared. Old Karbul the Giant also sat with those that watched, and he occasionally let out a booming chuckle when Adem looked to be getting pushed beyond his limits.
His mind was not as focused as it should be though. He desperately required daily Healing-Magic to reverse the terrible effects of the Jinn Arts upon his mind. Madness was resurfacing after so long without his medication. Thoughts of distrust to the point of paranoia would rise like bubbles from heart to head. An all too familiar feeling of being overly emotional also returned. When medicated, he felt stable, even to the point that he was so calm most days he was without any definable state of emotion: just balanced.
Orion began to push back with a vengeance. Meat Cleaver, flowing into Water Dance, as Adem deflected with Corn Harvest and then Hawk Moth Flutters. Adem had already begun to break out in a sweat, but the cool breeze brought a sense of calm as he sought the Tar’deith. Becoming one with the elements; his breathing slowed as did his heartbeat. He was learning to accept part of the Aldebrand gift upon his soul. It would be of great assistance. It was perhaps a necessary addition to his abilities considering the draining nature of his scar. The gift would provide strength and endurance when all else was depleted. Then his blade would be his only form of defence.
It reminded him of his sword training when he first arrived in Kismeria. His Agnar instructor had tried to teach him that although Angel-Magic was a fine weapon, his blade must be his primary form of attack and more importantly defence. Hard steel was the last barrier between life and death in a world such as this. Adem knew it would not save him against Pendral or the High-Servants. Yet he also knew that if he was able to create a strong enough Shield-Spell to deflect Elemental Magic, his sword may still be the key to victory. His last means of defeating such enemies.
Kailus Broeduthar was his name. Agnar and sword trainer at Nordhel. A tall imposing bear like figure, with a temper to match. Adem wondered at the fate of the man as he continued to defend against Orion’s strikes. So many old friends he hoped to see again one day, yet the chances that many of them were now dead and gone often made him hold his tongue rather than inquire of their whereabouts. Kailus was Nordic, but the man was not a member of the village at Red River as far as he knew. That surprised him to consider, as it would’ve seemed predictable that the man would travel there to be a member of the community that was secretly run by his former Nordic King.
When the contest was ended Adem felt revived. His spirits lifted. He had more energy, yet the corruption upon his mind left him seated by the fire in a bleak state, as he inquired of Kailus. Orion explained that he was residing at Orodhel, serving King Turin as Agnar and sword trainer there. Adem was glad to know the Old Bear was still doing what he was best at, and that he had a noble cause to follow. Training the defenders of the Green Border.
Tobin sat beside them. He added that his son Turin had finally won the crown through some political manipulations. Foremost being Tarz and his Forsaken, for while Turin maintained his alliance with Tarz’s Alit’aren and Ael Tarael—the real defenders of the Border—other lords and ladies soon joined him also. Until he had enough supporters with large enough armies to win without further contest. Tobin warned that Turin would be displeased with Jean Fairsythe’s acquisition of Tarz and the Forsaken. ‘It will allow those that wish to oppose his title to begin to question that authority, perhaps gaining alliances with some of his current supporters.’ 
‘Your son will have to deal with it,’ Adem replied.
That night, as Adem drifted into sleep, he opened his eyes to see a pair of red eyes burning in the darkness. Knowing it must be a demon of some sort, his first instincts should have been to sit upright and call for aid, yet his lethargy was dominating, and he wasn’t certain whether he was actually awake or dreaming, so he lay there, staring into the shadows. Emerald blade glowing by his side, and those red eyes beaming as the creature crept closer.
It spoke to him in a devious whisper, yet it was excitable. Adem did not detect any degree of evil emanating from the demon that he now saw was a black skinned Nymloc with short dark goat horns. ‘Highlander? Yes, it is you! Oh, it must be! I have been searching for you! I have a message for you!’
Adem yawned, moving his hand over his mouth as he spoke in a drowsy tone. ‘You are surely a demon trickster. Go away! Leave me alone so I can sleep.’ He rolled over to turn his back to the Nymloc, as it spoke again to say; ‘Oh! But you are asleep, Adem Highlander! Here I have found you in the Realm of Dreams. I am an old friend of your grandson, Rayne Dragon-Sword! I know him well. I can take you to him. I can show you!’ 
Adem considered the demon’s words, sitting upright to gaze around at complete darkness, other than the glow of his blade. There were no campfires, there was no army. He was completely alone with the Nymloc. He realised then that he must be dreaming. ‘Rayne Dragon-Sword is long dead and gone,’ he told the demon. ‘What tricks are you up to?’
‘No, Highlander! You are wrong. Rayne Dragon-Sword lives! I will show you. Doorways of space and time are beginning to fold. Our world is nearing its end! Rayne is far, far from here. Distance of vast space and time. But you can reach him! You must follow me and learn the truth.’

***
Rayne was walking through a pale mist … No, clouds. He was walking on a field of clouds, high up in the sky under a full moon. His awareness of being in the Dream Realm was barely palpable. Still, somehow in the back of his mind he knew this was not entirely real. Yet dangerous … Yes, this place was filled with dangers. He tried to imagine himself wearing something fitting of walking through clouds, weaving the dream around him until he was robed similarly to Rodin Cloud-Walker. A golden crown appearing on his brow as a lightning staff suddenly burned bright in his right fist.
No! That was too personal. Poor Elarja must be so distraught over the loss of his father. Rodin had fought so bravely before his death, performing the duty of an Immortal King to his subjects. Joining them on a daring mission at the cost of his own life. The crown and staff vanished with a thought. He replaced the robe with clothes of white light, similar to his Battle Angel, Tohka Reiden. His sword hung from his belt. He continued to walk, pacing along fluffy silver clouds: drifting before him as a pale glowing mist.
Suddenly he heard voices approaching. A man, and the other belonged to someone that he had not seen for a very long time! He watched as the little Dream Nymloc—that had befriended him long ago—appeared, walking towards him through the white haze. Halgahir was leading a man with brown hair and a trimmed moustache, wearing Alit’aren black in the style of the Forsaken. Rayne had never met this man, yet he knew him at first sight. It was the legendary Adem Highlander. The Blue Water Dragon. His grandfather! 
Despite the rush of emotions, Rayne remained on his guard. He did not draw his weapon. Instead he waited for them to move closer, as Halgahir spoke in his sneaky voice to explain; ‘Here, Adem Highlander. This is Rayne Dragon-Sword. I told you it was truth. Halgahir does not lie.’
Rayne looked at the man as he stared back with eyes that looked weary but also alive with emotion, cautious, yet beaming with pride to see his grandson alive and well. That is what Rayne guessed from Adem’s expression. ‘Is it truly you, Rayne? I was told you were dead.’
‘Elarja RinHannen rescued me, grandfather. I must tell you of our mission. We are currently in the ancient past, seeking out the Battle Angels of old to join with me and my companions. If we succeed, we will bring them back to the present. Then the might of the Angels will be restored to that of the Old Ways.’
Highlander seemed to be looking inwardly at those words, as if he were speaking with his Battle Angel to confirm Rayne’s identity and words as true. Rayne had consulted his own Battle Angel for the same information about Adem. Suddenly, Adem Highlander moved to reach out and hug Rayne with both arms. Holding him tightly to his chest in an embrace of two men who had never known each other, but were joined by blood, spirit, flesh, and bone. Carrying the same curse for over a millennium. Rayne hugged him back, knowing this might be the only time they were able to meet. Calliach would return to claim him when the mission was complete. Rayne hoped that meant he at least had until the Ragnarök Battle was ended.
As they stood back from their embrace, a red bolt launched from the sky above. They turned to see Pendral appear on the clouds with the Battle Angel Balor. Halgahir vanished with a terrified scream. Rayne summoned his Battle Angel at the same moment that Adem shouted; ‘Arawn!’ Rayne was horrified to see proof that Balor was now a Servant of the Shadow. Tohka Reiden and Arawn rushed him with their lightning and steel. Balor was small, human sized like Arawn, but Tohka Reiden was taller than a Giant. He hurled fistfuls of lightning tridents at Balor. Arawn locked blade with axe, crimson and blue thunderbolts filled the skies!
‘So,’ Pendral remarked with a scowl, ‘we have here a family reunion. A line of cursed men to bicker and squabble until death!’
‘It does not have to be that way, Father!’ Rayne shouted in earnest. ‘We could be truly united once more! With the three of us together, we can face anything. Even defeat Jinn-Fendinn!’ Pendral laughed at those words. His illness extremely apparent in his expression ‘You could always join with me, my son. You too, Father? Do not run from your fate! 
‘Know this Rayne; if you submit to the High-Jinn, he will grant you immortality. Not even Calliach will be able to end your life with the Shadow to protect your soul.’
‘Lies, Pendral!’ Adem shouted. ‘You will say anything to achieve your aims! I am told you were once the greatest hope for Kismeria! Now you threaten to destroy us all?’
‘No!’ Pendral was trapped in a fit of lunacy. Face contorted with rage and sickness. ‘Not you, Father. Not you either, my son. The High-Jinn has plans to make you rulers in His name. I promise to preserve you, your flesh, and souls, but the world will suffer in agony and despair. It is Prophecy. It is your fate. You cannot escape!
‘Join with me, and we shall rule together. As we bring this world to ruin!’
‘That will never happen, Pendral!’ Adem shouted.
‘Listen to reason, Father!’ Rayne cried. ‘We need you on our side! The world needs you!’
‘The High-Jinn needs you!’ Pendral roared, pointing a finger at both Rayne and Adem. ‘He has plans for us all, great plans!’ His voice was filled with optimistic insanity. 
‘We will not join you, Father!’ Rayne shouted over the thunderstorm. ‘I fear that here and now we will have to fight it out, or you could simply leave us?’ Rayne sensed the Jinn building in his Father. Pendral prepared an attack of great force while the Battle Angels fought in the lightning filled skies above. Instinctively, Rayne formed a link with Adem, his grandfather harnessing Jinn-Magic, while Rayne was able to use Angel-Magic. They sent out a destructive bolt of pure white energy. A combination of the two Magics. Pendral released a blast of Jinn-Magic. The energies expanded quickly. Two massively surging bubbles of light, racing towards one another. Meeting in the middle in a terrible clash of light: the sound of the fabric of space and time being torn down the middle!
Light filled everything. It was everywhere … Rayne was floating … No, falling … No, he was flying … Crawling, moving through the endless searing light that was blinding and also rejuvenating … He felt more alive than ever before, a single boat on a distant shore ... Rayne woke in the middle of their campsite. Most were asleep around him except for a few of the Nordic and Dremelden Aldebrands keeping watch over the horses. 
Rievenna slept peacefully on a blanket by his side. He also noticed Hamuko awake and watching him from the darkness. The Child of Odin’s dark eyes seemed knowing of his experience. Rayne could not reason how that could be unless he had been spying in the Dream Realm. The more likely reason was Hamuko had watched Rayne sleep, and had guessed from observation that Rayne was having more than an unusual nightmare.
There was a faded memory he tried to regather. Something Adem Highlander had shouted to him the moment the two blasts of light had collided. He had shouted to ‘save’ someone, or something. The last word was drowned out by the terrible sound of energies on impact. He knew it was vitally important. At least to Highlander it was, but Rayne could not recall the word he had barely heard. Was it a name of someone, or of something? He sat staring into the hot coals of the campfire. A dark mood set upon him, the lingering fragments of the curse upon his mind and soul. Parts that even a pure form of Angel-Magic could not burn away. He told himself he must control it. This world could not afford to lose another Dragon-Sword to the allure of the Shadow.

***
Adem woke in a cold sweat, heaving for breath from the terror of his nightmare, though he knew it was also real, and that his grandson, Rayne, was still alive! At first, he was not certain who he could share this important news with. He decided after a short time he should at least tell his wife. He used his Battle Angel to inform Tanriel, and therefore also Jean. He watched as her eyes became inward while listening to the message from her Battle Angel. She glared at him as emotions ran wild through her spirit, detectable to his own heart and soul via the kigare. 
It is a good thing, Jean, Adem sent from Arawn to Tanriel. He’s still alive!
Jean’s shoulders trembled before she sent her reply, though her eyes had changed to sad compassion as Arawn sent her words to Adem’s mind.
But how long will he live? Do not grow attached to him, Adem. You know Calliach will hunt him any way he can. Rayne’s fate is riddled with greater doom than your own now. Do not try to protect him. You already know how that will end. You will doom us all if you try.
The wisdom of her words washed over him. Soon he too was trembling with anxiety and potential madness. Knowing he was helpless against the Angel of Death did not frighten him. It was just an impossible obstacle that blocked his potential to do something good; and more importantly to save the lives of those he loved and needed. The strain of it was a weight upon his mind, and the Jinn was quickly eroding his resistance to the threat of madness. Yet he needed the Jinn to survive. It was in some ways much more powerful than even his ability to manipulate matter. Yet he decided then and there that he would defer to that somewhat weaker ability whenever it could be used effectively. He could not allow the Jinn Arts to corrupt his soul beyond saving. He had to remain sane, that was even more important. 
He tried to breathe slowly to calm himself and also trying to avoid the onset of a mad migraine. Those headaches were a sure sign that his resilience was about to break. He watched as Carl approached the campfire. His eyes aflame with the knowledge passed to him via his Battle Angel, Math. Adem had not instructed Arawn to inform his Brother of Rayne’s survival, though it was sometimes difficult to stop those two from communicating when they considered the importance of such messages. It was the same with Dis Pater, and Adem also considered that Wil would hear the news before long.

Chapter 16


Banners of Ancient Kings

Once Orion and Tobin raised those banners of their Rohjor’s and ancient Houses, it was difficult to stop the warriors that flocked to their sigils to serve as faithful followers. They had four banners that had been stored away for over a thousand years. Two were the Red Fire Lion wreathed in gold on ebony silk, and the Blue Water Dragon lined in silver on grey. The other two were of the Golden Tiger and the Grey Altherin Stallion, Banners of Ancient Kings dating back to the Age of Heroes.
Any immortal would know those sigils at first sight, and they were amongst the first to join Adem’s ranks in the early days of their journey. In this region that was still a Nordic province, there were immortals of every clan scattered about in small groups. Dremelden Archers, Ruhalden Shipwrights and Shorewardens. Torvellen Alit’aren and Aldebrands, and Nordics of every trade imaginable, though most were warriors at heart. There were even some Forsaken and Dark Elves that wished to join them. Adem did what he could to convince Jean that it would increase their chances of success.
‘Our numbers already swell by hundreds,’ he told her. ‘We can only benefit from a variety of skills.’ Eventually, Jean submitted, and by that time they had gained over a thousand new recruits, though it didn’t stop there. Soon they were met on the road by large armies. Led by lords and ladies of great Houses, both immortal and mortal rulers. There was still great admiration and fond memories and tales of the old days when King Orion and King Tobin kept the peace in the Four Lands, readying Kismeria for the First Arrival of the Sons and Daughter. Within two weeks they were a force of over seven thousand riders. Although it would be impossible to avoid the watchful eyes of their enemies and the spies that served them, they now had an army that would crush any resistance by these Witches and Warlocks of Rolimbtorel. Adem felt confident things were really falling into place.
Word that the former Nordic and Torvellen Kings were able to lead armies once more had begun to spread across the Free Lands. Leaders of armies, clans and even nations were said to be stating their allegiance to Orion Demon-Slayer and Tobin Fire-Heart, claiming that they were prepared to march under their banners. Even to face Jinn-Fendinn in battle at Kerak’Otozi. 
Tobin and Orion were amongst the few remaining bloodlines of ancient strength in teron and therefore also in the Jinn Arts. Their names were legends told of in bedtime stories and sung in old songs, forged from memories and tales of their rise to ruling. They were also great leaders. Expert tactical decision makers; wise and just. They had foresight, but also strong moral codes. They would not waste lives in battle unless it was necessary. Every warrior that bled for them was held in the highest regard. Praised with honour for their bravery and sacrifice. 
Adem was more than grateful for Jean’s decision to grant them their right to command armies once more. It had the potential to alter the fate of this world completely. It was needed to unite these lands for the ultimate of challenges they would ever be forced to face. 
Though, those banners would not be welcomed by every leader across the Free Lands. Even the current rulers of the Nordics and Torvellen would see a return to power by these former Immortal Kings as a great threat to their own claim to their thrones, wealth, and status. This of course had the potential to spark the flames of war across the Free Lands. There was also the threat from Hex-Keepers and High-Servants, who would likely target this army and those that rallied warriors to their cause. Perhaps putting the former kings and their wives in danger equal to that of the Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor. 
But those four were never afraid of anything. They had faced greater trials than Adem had yet faced, and they had met with danger a hundred thousand times or more, of that, he was certain. They would not fear death in the name of the old Aelfin decree. Fighting Jinn-Fendinn since the First Age. Opposing evil in every form it took shape. Striving to bring peace and hope to a world of eternal destruction and misery. Throughout that history the Aelfin had brought light, music, beauty, wisdom, and magic. They were a pure form of the Lord’s Power and Creation. Much of that old magic still resided in the spirits of Orion Demon-Slayer, Elmira Golden-Braid, Tobin Fire-Heart and Lydia Ever-Light.
Two of the more familiar faces to lead armies to their cause were met on the West Sea Road during the third week of their journey. The now very aged immortal Fien Marghotha, a Captain General known the world over for his countless achievements in battles and the man was also said to be as cunning as a fox. His wife, Lady Jeimella, rode a slender white mare beside Fien’s tall grey stallion. The pair had eyes like hawks as they looked upon Adem’s forces, leading an army of mostly Torvellen almost equal in size to their own.
It was Orion who moved his dark stallion before the lord and lady to give greeting and welcome them under his banners. Their words were full of warmth and wit, the two men expressing the remembrances of a friendship shared over numerous Ages. Elmira soon moved alongside her husband to give greeting to Lady Jeimella. Adem remarked that the last thousand years had not been unkind to the once youthful looking immortal woman, who was perhaps more mature looking due to a perceivable increase in wisdom in her large Torvellen eyes. Otherwise the only sign of ageing was a streak of silver through her fringe. Her dark hair now longer and tied in a thick plait similar to the style worn by Jean and Terese Sapphire-Sword at the Dawn of the Age of Chaos. 
Adem wondered if such subtle changes were a deep sign of respect to both Jean and Terese for their work and sacrifice during that Age of battles and bloodshed. The woman’s short dark silk skirt and woollen coat both embroidered with White Snow Fox sigils suggested his theory was quite accurate. It was the braid more than anything that suggested this style of fashion was more deeply embedded within the culture of these lands. Rather than a quick change of outfits by leaders like Jeimella, once they learnt that Jean Fairsythe led Lord Tarz and his army of Forsaken.
Adem noted that the pair led a small group of wielders amongst their ranks also. Alit’aren and Ael Tarael, half a dozen of each, and all of them glaring with the dark eyes of tainted souls. Corrupted by the thousand-year evil of cursed Angel-Magic and the darkness of the Jinn Arts. When facing over a thousand Forsaken warriors amongst Adem’s ranks, along with the Sons of Odin and Daughter of Thor, those corrupt expressions soon became meek as kittens being stared down by lions. Adem decided he would watch them carefully, for any sign of those dark auras. He knew that at least some of those possession demons had escaped Kerak’Otozi over the last thousand years. He needed to remain wary in case any were capable of infiltrating his defences. Becoming spies but also a serious threat to the safety of his appointed leaders.

*** 
Rayne’s riders moved across a fast-changing landscape. Altherin bred horses moved with a swiftness and grace that made the eyes blur as the land shifted and morphed from forests, to rivers, mountains, and fields. Eleven days after the battle against the wolf riders, they approached a huge, forested area. Surrounding the massive peaks where Odin’s Seat was situated at the peak.
The horses had made the journey short for them—the Giants loping alongside made for a slower journey than they would have hoped, but the necessity to reduce the pace at times assured their mounts remained fresh—and they had crossed a large section of the entire ancient continent in a matter of weeks. 
The forest would take days to traverse, perhaps a week or more. Thick lines of trunks and tangled pathways of twisted roots would make it impossible for the altherin to bolt. Land also rose in staircase levels towards the foot of the first mountain. There was no way around it. The forest was also home to Druantia’s Children, who were welcoming to Immortal Kin in these days, but Rayne would need to prove his worth to them, before they would allow the company to pass their borders and scale the massive mountains.
There would be Wood Kin within the forest also. They would likely appeal to Druantia’s Children to accept the importance of their mission, but they were difficult beings to persuade when their Gods were a part of the matter. Rayne would require some sort of miracle to make them believe.
At the borders of the forest the trees were still enormous, though they were much taller further in. Monstrous towering oak, pine, woodash and silvergum, redwood, crimson maple, and cherry blossom, as well as the many sacred trees that shone with a brilliant colour and light. Branches and leaves emanating the ancient magic of these lands. 
There were large statues at the doorway entrance to the forest. Bordered by high stone cliffs that served as a long passageway leading up to the arching tree branches and darkness within. A void of shadows. The twin sentinels were creatures with lion bodies, heads of eagles with feathered stone wings, wielding huge stone swords gripped in human fists. Even in this early Age, the statues were crumbling grey stone. Weathered by wind and rainstorms. Elarja explained that the sentinels were a magical ward against demons and other Demonsouled. Making it difficult for such enemies to enter the forest.
Rayne was glad to know this when the Dragon Riders began to swoop over the stone corridor where their horses were gathered. Dragons roared ferociously to warn them of an approaching demon army. The corridor was too narrow for any of the Dragon Riders to land. So, the riders entered Mikihara Forest. Not knowing the scale or spawnbreed of the demon force that pursued them from the south. 

*** 
Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan had remained at Cromwed’s village for nearly a month now. Waiting for Wil Martyr to return and claim his Forsaken army. Still they waited. Attacks had been frequenting upon the small community of Harlgraven, at least up until the moment Shaye brought his forces to defend the village. 
There had been a few more attempts by bandits since that time. Most of them mortals in leather face masks and dark studded armour, wielding clubs, knives, or hammers mostly. They acted fierce when they began to invade, but Shaye and his warriors put fear into their hearts. Driving them off with spells of fire and lightning. Ragan and the Forsaken wielding the Jinn Arts to terrifying effect, against any that were foolish enough to confront them. 
The villagers were very grateful for the protection. They paid Shaye’s army well with stables to sleep in, refreshed with clean dry straw every day or two, and warm blankets. They could not complain about the food that was provided either. The villagers doing their best to always provide a roast of some sort for the warriors to enjoy. Breads, cheeses, and often a large pot of oats with fruit and cream was cooked up for breakfast, nearly every morning of their stay in fact. There was no wine or ale, but they provided plenty of their spicy apple cider, that had a nasty kick if you ever over indulged. 
Something still troubled Shaye. Something was not right, but he could not put his finger on exactly what it was. The bandits returned again and again. Each time with a larger force, yet that seemed foolish. Shaye and Ellagon had already demonstrated that they each held a Battle Angel in their Resting Point weapons. This should have been enough to keep the danger away, but these bandits were persistent. Shaye could not figure out why. The village had little wealth. Even though poverty was rife throughout the Free Lands, there was greater conquest in other parts of the world. So, why did they keep attacking this village?
He considered this question over and over again in his mind as he and his companions sat around a large fire where two goats were roasting on a spit. He stared into the flames as night began to close around them. For the first time, Shaye thought he could sense the approach of something worse than bandits. He thought he could sense the presence of evil making its journey towards the village. Something big, something terrible. He sprang to the alert, telling the Forsaken to double the watch and fan out in stealth attack mode. ‘Keep your eyes peeled for anything out of the ordinary!’ Shaye commanded. ‘A Demonsouled creature approaches! When you see it, send up the signal!’

*** 
Wil sat in the large bedchamber he shared with his wife, Hayley. Their daughter, Enserah, was also with them. Seated at her mother’s feet, cross legged in her pale blue dress with layered lace skirts, holding Hayley’s hand as Wil sat beside his wife. The two of them in large high-backed throne style cushioned armchairs. But suddenly Wil sprang to his feet and began to pace, the mood between the three of them was tense to say the least.
Enserah had just shared her discovery via Komputah’s records of Prophecies concerning the Sons of Odin. It was Hayley who had done most of the explaining. Wil had listened patiently, yet that dark curse that was promised in those prophecies soon began to fall upon his shoulders. He tried to shake them loose, yet he knew a part of it had already come to pass.
He had remained at the Hive for nearly a month now. Ever since he arrived, he had felt the pressure of his need to return to his forces. To lead them on the same quest where Adem, Carl and Jean were headed. A considerable portion of the warriors that had joined him after he met Cromwed and received his altherin mare, had remained here within the Hive. Somewhat reluctantly, though they remained to protect him if he decided to leave without Hayley’s vampire army. Those he had kept included a force of Forsaken warriors, all of them Agnars. Many were also adept at wielding Angel-Magic and the Jinn Arts. Others he had sent back to the village where Cromwed had requested aid to defend against bandits. Occasionally he discussed the troubles there with Shaye via their Battle Angel telepathy.
 Wil became stuck here by another need, his desire for his wife, and his hopes of becoming close to his only daughter. Enserah had lived over a thousand years without ever knowing him, yet the woman was still a lovable child in many parts of her personality. She was warm, kind and loving towards him from the first day they met.
In a way, his relationship with his wife and daughter was bringing some light back to his heart and soul. A resistance against the darkness of the Jinn, that infected his spirit with corruption. Plagued his mind with the onset of paranoia, bordering on insanity.
The fact that it was so difficult to move Hayley’s Martyr Coven, except under cover of darkness, was another reason he had remained here for so long. He did not wish to leave his wife. Hayley was also quite reluctant to leave the Hive without bringing her army with her. She had become accustomed to being guarded by thousands of vampires and werewolves. It seemed there was a deep fear in her about being without that protection. Wil assumed the rise of Christians across the Free Lands had a lot to do with such fears. Most followers of Christ were utterly opposed to the very existence of Nightwalkers.
It was nightfall now, and the Hive was abuzz with vampires on patrol throughout the hallways and city streets. Things were in order in regard to Hayley’s control over her people, yet Wil was caught off guard when General Larg entered the chamber to make his report. ‘A large demon horde is approaching the West Gate, Lady Hayley; Lord Wil.’ The vampire addressed them while saluting with fist to breastplate. ‘Smaller demon forces have already blocked off any hope of escape through other gates.’ He stood waiting on Hayley’s commands.
‘Assemble forces at the West Gate,’ Hayley said in a considering tone, though Wil noted no alarm in her voice, nor detected any fear in her heart via the kigare. When Larg left the chamber, Hayley whispered to Wil, as if she had doubts about trusting even this man who had led her forces for a thousand years. ‘The demons will likely be just a distraction. The real attack will happen here, and soon. If the enemy can take out a Son of Odin, they will strike hard with everything at their disposal.’ Wil seized the Jinn in response to those words. He sensed Hayley doing the same. Enserah’s body rose off the ground and floated into the darkened corners of the ceiling, an ability that even Adem Highlander would have to appreciate in awe. It did not require any Angel-Magic, or the Jinn either. It was a part of her vampire blood. Enserah was also arming herself with torrents of the Jinn Arts. Ready to hurl it at the Hex-Warlords when they showed their faces.

*** 
Adem and his forces arrived at the ruins surrounding the entrance to Rolimbtorel, close to four weeks after their journey had begun. They were a large army, capable of dealing with these Witches and Warlocks. They were setting up tents and campfires when night fell over the landscape. Growls and savage barks of a large demon horde was heard to the northeast.
Adem hissed through his teeth. His connection to evil via his weak yet lingering sense of teron, and the Jinn also, informed him of the scale of the demon army, and their approximate distance from his current location. They would be seen on the horizon in less than an hour at the pace they were moving. Tens of thousands of them, Boli-Kuldr, Souljhin, Nymloc and Jacoulra. He could sense the presence of each demon spawnbreed via unique flows of corruption through his mind and spirit.
They had been moved here through a Travelling Gate. He was certain of this, as there was no other way a demon horde that size could travel this far west without drawing every nation from here to the Green Border to oppose them. That meant the High-Servants were involved. Likely also using these Witches and Warlocks as puppets in their schemes. Adem was certain Pendral was also out there, somewhere, waiting for the ideal moment to punish Adem’s forces with his terrifying strength. He would also attempt to outwit his father with that fox-like cunning. 
Adem’s strength had recovered to a degree during the journey, and right now he was not tired despite a long week of riding hard and fast. Adem’s fear was a theory that Pendral may be able to wield his magic within Adem’s scar to quickly deplete his strength. If that were true, he would require strength and cunning from his own protectors, to ensure this did not turn into a swift defeat. 

***
Highlander gave the signal. Handing command over to Orion and Tobin, with Fien Marghotha and his Lady wife, Jeimella, as their second in command, and First Advisors for the approaching battle. Orion began to bark orders to his captains, who sent out their own commands in response. He watched as thousands of Archers, Aldebrands, Wood Kin and Dark Elves moved forward on foot, the Eva’Hahlen having run the entire journey. The rest dismounted before forming ranks ten deep: Eva’Hahlen in the front and rear ranks, for blasting the enemy head on. As well as showering the demons with volleys of Acid-Arrows.
The rest would use their arrows of wood and steel for as long as their supplies lasted, then it would be up to their abilities with the Jinn Arts to ensure the enemy lines were held back. Forsaken were positioned behind the Archers to create shields, but also to pummel the enemy ranks when the order was given.
Tobin’s orders were for the cavalry. Torvellen Agnars fanned out on both flanks. Heavily armoured horses and riders, including mortal warriors led by their lords and ladies. Armed with an assortment of weaponry: most holding a javelin, spear, or lance, gripped in a gauntlet of leather or steel.
Orion knew the time would come when the battle would need to be left in command of Fien and Jeimella. Orion and Tobin, and their wives, would be needed to join Highlander, Fairsythe and Wilder, as they tried to infiltrate the underground ruins of Rolimbtorel. To strike down these Witch and Warlock traitors, and to attempt to restore teron and terael. At which point the scales would most certainly tip in their favour!

*** 
Rayne, Elarja, and their company of Children of Odin and ancient immortal warriors, made their way through the dense forest over days that seemed to stretch on like months ... In the forest, time was slower … An hour felt like three days … Nights and days lasted while they journeyed, made camp, slept, and moved on again … The forest seemingly never ending, or else they were going around in circles!
All the while, the demon army roared with bloodlust at the forest entrance. Savage rumbling roars echoing through the forest canopies. Ancient demons of every spawning imaginable. Jinn-Fendinn was raising his fist to crush them with one swift stroke. Wards of Elemental Magic kept the demon army at bay, as the Dragon Riders were harried from the skies by Krunloc and Shadow Dragons, until the dragon riders were seen no more ... Rayne hoped they had fled rather than remained to fight to the death. Either way, they had no knowledge of their fate. Here, in the endless forest ... they moved as if in a dreamlike state. Never reaching the end … Days stretching into forever … Nights of eternal darkness.
One night, when they were camped around a large fire made from dead wood gathered by the Giants, the little Leaf Aldebrand, Grom, began to harness energy from the flames, making the golden flames burn bright blue. Fire surged high into the dark canopies. A blazing brilliance. Rayne realized it was an attempt to summon Druantia’s Children, who up until now had watched them from the shadows, along with their Dremelden disciples. So far none had interacted with Rayne’s company, and so they waited. On a night that seemed to last a year … The demon army roared, fighting to break down the forest’s magical wards. They would break through soon. All hope was placed in the hands of the little blue furred creature. Grom would be their saviour if his plan worked!
Suddenly a tiny blue flame entered the clearing. A single figure the size of a human palm. Human in shape, a winged fairy spirit danced towards the burning blue pillar! Moments later dozens more appeared, some smaller, some larger. Many formed of odd shapes: Winged horses, bears and boars with human torsos. Wings burning bright. Lions, wolves and cougars, brilliant blazing apparitions. Their light filled Rayne with warmth, peace, and a longing to learn the nature of their ancient Lore. 
A figure the height of a Giant with the girth of a bear stepped into the light. Formed of burning blue leaves from head to foot: Large oval eyes of golden embers in its skull. Blue leaves fluffy like feathers, with a large orange beak shaped like an owl. This, Rayne realised, was the first of Druantia’s Children to reveal itself to them! Its hands and feet were claws of hard dark brown wood. Wielding a heavy twisted wooden staff: bright golden at the tip.
With a sweeping gesture: great light flickered and flared all around them! Rayne and his companions looked about in awe, to discover that the heart of the forest was here. Sacred trees of Elemental Lore had been here also, though they would not permit their light until it was revealed by Druantia’s Child. The trees bathed them in a warm pleasant glow. Rayne felt immense flows of Angel-Magic emanating from the Great Trees. Golden, emerald, aqua and crimson, silver or violet leaves, or golden leaves on emerald branches, the warmth of the glow was intoxicating.
More of Druantia’s Children stepped forth to enter the light. Creatures of many shapes and sizes, each one unique to the one next to them. Human figures formed of purely wooden bone and flesh. Glowing emerald or blue leaves for hair, clothing, and armour. Large dark seeds for eyes. These were the most common, some on foot while others stared down from the branches. Most thin in form as if made of branches, others stout and covered in moss like a coat of fur. Most the size of mortals, though others were as large as the blue feather creature with the golden staff. 
Some were similar looking to Grom and his kin. A variety of shapes and sizes of furry monster looking creatures. Their eyes were pale lanterns: strange fires sparked in their open palms. There were those that looked human: flesh and bone. Tall immortal men and women; garbed in leaves: covering their forms as robes and armour of pale jade light. Hair silken black or pure silver. Eyes burning bright emerald, burning gold, silver fire or glistening jet black. They appeared in a flicker of motion. Morphing from the shadows, into the light, to reveal themselves as if frozen in time. Rayne realised then that these were the Dremelden Wood Kin: Changed by their time spent with Druantia’s Children. Wreathed in shimmering power: they revealed to Rayne glory and majesty of ancient magic.
The Dremelden wielded Lukrorian Bows or swords of intense light. Dremelden amongst Rayne’s company bowed or got down on one knee to pay homage to their ancient brethren. Already the passage of time had forged great defining differences between the First Dremelden; and their newer born cousins that had journeyed here with Rayne and Elarja, but there were still clear similarities between them also. Not yet so far apart in strength and Lore. 
Finally, the large blue leaf figure began to speak; voice booming as if his lungs were a Battle Horn. ‘Here stand the Children, to bear witness to the arrival of the one who bears the Sword of Valour! Reveal to us its might, so that we may judge your right to pass on to the Mountain of Gods!’
Rayne drew the sword. Burning blue emanated from the weapon that dulled the light of the Great Trees and Grom’s fire. Light overpowered everything! Druantia’s Children and the First Dremelden stared in wonder and awe, some getting down to one knee in respect of the miracle. 
The leaf figure chuckled in a bear-like tone; Light of his staff joined the emanations of the sword. Bolts of blue launched from Rayne’s blade: touching the weapons of the Children of Odin. The light did not touch weapons owned by any others. Not even Elarja’s swords or the Time Stones. Children of Odin drew forth their weapons. Druantia’s Children began to chant in a powerful hypnotic rhythm—a grumble, rumble, hum, and buzz—and the bolts of light began to fuse with the other weapons. The Children of Odin joined in the chant, seemingly entranced by the magic that was suddenly alive in their blood and breath.
Rayne also felt the intensity of that link shared by all within the forest. Flesh aflame; a flowing river of lightning and ice. Rushing lava and storming snow! It was like the night he had first increased the strength of his grandfather’s sword. This was now happening again, to the weapons of his companions! Druantia’s Children were helping them to reforge their weapons with teron and terael. Creating multiple Resting Points for the Battle Angels of this ancient Age.
On a night that seemed to last a lifetime, Rayne and the Children worked miracles of Magic and Elemental Lore … Demons howled in outrage: fighting with all their strength to tear down the wards that forbid them from entering Mikihara Forest. Rayne knew the wards would not last the night … Yet this night … It seemed to have stretched much, much longer than the laws of nature should allow. It was the work of Jinn-Fendinn at least; his theory included Elarja’s Time Stones, and the Rift. Corruption on both halves of Angel-Magic, as well as Elarja’s theory about Komputah! 
Jinn-Fendinn was trying to delay them. Influencing those multiple elements that would be resulting in a newly gained ability to manipulate time. Slowing their journey while his demon army advanced: to stop them from reaching Odin’s Seat. Rayne began to fear just how far reaching this new capacity of Jinn-Fendinn might be growing throughout time!
Still Angel-Magic surged. Elation! Exquisite harmony and bliss. Exhilaration flowing through his senses in waves: Teron crashing through his psyche as serene sensations. Magic coursed in time with his beating chest. His pulse. Breath. Raw, seductive, forbidden forces. Captivating. Terrifying. Torture. Intensity. Ecstasy. He laughed; screamed, danced. He fell, soft, heavy, and warm. The stars burned in the blackened skies as if a thousand Angels were holding moons of silver. Moons blazing with the light of the sun. Nowhere to run. He cried. Wept for it to end. Blessings no mortal soul should ever know. He smiled: Cradled in its soft, warm aching, never ending glow.

*** 
Wil waited anxiously for the attack to arrive. Already the demon army had thrown their forces against the West Gate for over seven hours. Finally, the enemy became desperate. High-Servants and Hex-Keepers morphed into being within Hayley’s bedchamber. Wil found his thoughts blocked from something. It was something that would have otherwise saved him from the deadly trap that was thrown against his form. A tangled web of Jinn-Magic—glowing beams of blood-red shadows—wrapped about his arms and legs. A kind of Shield-Spell that also quickly reduced his own ability in the Jinn.
Enserah and Hayley were not so slow to react, yet Hayley also appeared lost in her thoughts. They both lashed out with torrents of the Jinn in an attempt to slaughter their enemies. Wil could see the confusion in his wife’s eyes. What was it they were forgetting? It had to do with some ability the High-Servants had over them. Wil could not remember—
Four High-Servants and two Hex-Keepers were in the chamber. The Generals were both female, one dark haired—Calliestra—the other with long golden hair would make her Nodomi. Wil could see Pendral was present; his dark eyes appeared crazed beneath the cowl whenever the Jinn lit up his bearded face. They were trying to take down any threat to their plans. Wil could understand that much in his confused state. He was almost helpless to defend himself! He pushed back against the Shield-Trap with every drop of strength that remained, forcing his own flows of the Jinn Arts against their glowing web, but he could not cast attacks beyond his own trapped position.
Hayley and Enserah’s attacks were tearing holes through walls, bricks crumbling in loud crackling and crashing sounds. Vampires and werewolves rushed in to defend their Queen and Princess. High-Servants and Hex-Keepers unleashed dark energies that vaporized flesh and bone in searing screams of agony! Hayley and Enserah fought on, until both women were struck by a combination of attacks. Sending them flying across the room, both landing with serious wounds to their lower abdomens. Both of them twitching in spasms of half consciousness! Wil roared in outrage, but the web held him tightly! His rage gave him new strength. He heaved against Angel-Magics that held him. All four High-Servants and the two Generals all turned their attention to him, focusing their strength to ensure he did not escape.
He screamed as tears began to fall, but he would not give up. Not when there was still a hope of saving his wife and daughter!

*** 
Hayley was nearly blacking out from the force of impact with which she had landed against the marble column and floor. Her daughter next to her with a large wound seeping blood from her stomach. Hayley was also losing blood fast from a similar wound.
The High-Servants and Hex-Keepers were distracted by Wil’s attempts to overpower them via the Jinn. So, for now, Hayley and Enserah were not Shield-Trapped, though Hayley had no strength to lash out with the Jinn Arts while the enemy had their backs turned.
Still her mind was blocked from some vital factor, that she knew would have a great impact on saving their lives. The answer remained hidden by some power of the High-Servants. It reminded her of a similar struggle, long ago, but she could not draw up the memory into a clear thought or vision.
Her daughter would soon be dead from loss of blood. Hayley was not sure if she could last much longer either. She felt Wil’s torment and rage building via the kigare. He did all he could to try to save them. Vampires and werewolves charged into the room at intervals in a rescue attempt. High-Servants and Generals cast the attackers aside with spells of Air-Magic and Fire-Magic. Barely flinching from their concentration on Wil as they threw backhanded gestures to turn her faithful warriors into smouldering piles of ash!
She had placed a heavy guard outside her chamber, thinking it would be wiser to allow the enemy to attack while they appeared unprepared. She had planned on being able to utilise the one force that still eluded her via that horrid mind block, leaving them helpless against so many powerful wielders.
Enserah was crawling closer to Hayley, as her daughter held her wrist up to Hayley’s lips. Enserah’s lips mouthing the words, ‘Drink, Mother!’
Hayley slapped the wrist aside, glaring at her daughter with outrage that she would suggest sacrificing her own life to save her mother and father. But Enserah would not relent, holding up both wrists as her head fell in Hayley’s lap. Hayley had somehow found the strength to sit upright and cross legged. Her back leaning against the pillar that was slightly damaged from impact, leaving Hayley with a terrible headache.
Then suddenly the roof above fell in large chunks of stone to trap the lower half of Enserah’s form! Hayley knew her daughter would soon be dead. She did not have the strength to lift those heavy stones after so much blood loss! She realised then that she would have to at least taste some of her daughter’s blood! The thought terrified her completely, but her need to save Wil forced her decision. She leant over her daughter’s neck and sunk her fangs into her soft pale flesh. Blood filled her mouth in a gushing fountain. Drinking with great thirst from the first taste, she had never tasted blood so rich and empowering. It filled her with torrents of energy as her own wounds immediately began to heal.
The blood was so enticing she had trouble removing her fangs, but when she did, sparing her daughter enough blood to hopefully survive by some miracle, Enserah reached for Hayley’s head once more, drawing her back towards the bite marks in her neck! Enserah wanted Hayley to drain her of every last drop! ‘It is the only way you can save Father,’ Enserah breathed in her weakened state. She smiled then, so beautiful, and peaceful it made Hayley want to scream in horror! But the mind block was still there, the blood had made her much, much stronger, but she could not overpower that control on her mind. Instead she heaved at the stone that held her daughter pinned to the floor. Casting the stones aside as if they were light as feathers. The last she hurled with all her might at the back of Pendral!
As the stone exploded in a flaring of Pendral’s crimson Shield-Sphere, the mind block vanished! She shouted the name that had eluded her, the name of her Battle Angel; ‘Druantia!’

*** 
Wil heard his wife shout the name of her Battle Angel. At that same moment, Wil also shouted the name; ‘Eledisren!’ Up until that moment he too had been unable to recall the vital key to winning this confrontation, the very existence of Dis Pater had been beyond his grasp of thought. It was a mind controlling magic enforced by the High-Servants. It disabled their memories at such vital moments, and because of it, his daughter was nearly dead!
Dis Pater’s dark muscular form appeared before Wil’s own, the Battle Angel appearing taller than before. His bulk as strong and powerful as an ox. Golden axe held before him with the double blades raised under his chin, sparks of Jinn-Magic impacted and flew off the weapon. Wil and Dis Pater fought back against the strength of the Shadow link.
Leaf covered vines, thick as fingers, reached out of the stone floor: coiling about the arms and legs of their attackers. Tripping and pulling them off balance. They fought back with beams of the Jinn, slicing through the vines like lasers. Wil grinned when he saw four Green Men rising from the stone floor. Sentinels formed of wood and vine, moss for hair and eyes like dark seeds. They stood over eight feet tall: wielding heavy wooden clubs they smashed at the Shield-Spheres of the High-Servants and Generals. 
Druantia suddenly appeared. Hovering beside Hayley, wielding a bow of emerald light. Lightning-Arrows of burning jade punched through enemy Shield-Spells. Emerald eruptions engulfing the forms of the Generals. They screamed before vanishing in a warp of space. That gave Wil and Dis Pater the edge they needed. Golden sparks flew off his Battle Angel’s axe. Spiralling outwards to spray around the forms of the High-Servants, falling like shards of burning gold. 
Wil’s rage suddenly filled him near to exploding. He hurled all his strength at Pendral, combined with Dis Pater in a link. Bolts of golden electric heat lanced like horizontal blazing blades! The bolts struck Pendral’s Shield-Sphere in blasts of crimson and gold. The Old Dog gave in, vanishing in a warp of space, followed by his faithful hounds a moment later. Wil’s Web-Trap vanishing as Dis Pater lunged forward to swing his axe only a second too late.
Wil rushed to his daughter, who was pale and weak. Hayley leant over her also, and Wil was almost stunned to notice real tears in his wife’s eyes. Despite knowing how much Hayley loved her daughter; Wil had considered it unlikely his wife was even capable of such emotions any longer.
They appealed to their Battle Angels, asking; ‘Help us!’ and ‘What can you do for her?’ It was Druantia who replied, saying, ‘We cannot save her life, but there is something we can do to ensure she remains close to both of you in spirit. If we do this, it must be done now before her last dregs of life are gone. The other option is you let her face the Lord’s judgement with vampire blood in her veins.’
‘Do it!’ Hayley snapped in frustration. ‘I will accept anything other than a fate of judgement.’
Wil did not argue, though his heart ached terribly over the understanding that he would never truly know his daughter. He knew Carl could help if he was here, but both Wil and Hayley knew of the battle Carl, Adem and Jean were about to face. His wife warned that Carl must protect the Blue Water Dragon and the White Snow Fox, for they were the real hope for Kismeria. From his frantic communications with Carl’s Battle Angel, Wil was also uncertain that Carl would risk forming one of those Jinn-Magic portals to reach them even at such an hour of desperate need.
Dis Pater stood at Enserah’s feet, axe haft planted on the stone floor as light began to pulse and flare around the massive weapon. Druantia stood at their daughter’s head: both hands coming together. Enserah was suddenly wrapped up in thick leaves burning bright emerald, golden light of Dis Pater’s axe blending with the leaf fires. Her cocoon began to float off the floor, the two Battle Angels fusing their strength into the apparent transformation. Music began to emanate from their forms. Wil and Hayley stared in troubled wonder.
‘What will she be?’ Hayley asked Druantia, to which her Battle Angel replied in a cool tone; ‘Enserah will become one of us.’
It was at this moment that Wil remembered and could sense the presence of his second Battle Angel, Gwydion, as if that terrible mind control had still held a piece of his memory locked away until Dis Pater’s and Druantia’s energies emanated enough force to unlock the spell. Wil was filled with new hope that Gwydion, the Magician God, might be able to do more to try to save his daughter. He lost hope when the white bearded figure regarded him with eyes shining silver: pity evident in his sagging brows. ‘This is the best chance you have of saving your daughter’s soul, Wil Martyr. Have faith and know that such an honour could only be bestowed upon the daughter of a Son of Odin.’
A flash and fizzle of colour and energy appeared on the opposite side of Enserah’s leaf wrapped body, across from where Gwydion joined his powers with those of his Brother and Sister. Light morphed into the image of a red goat-faced creature standing no taller than Gwydion’s waist. Stout and muscular in form, not unlike a Nymloc, though clothed in golden armour and bright gems. Its hair was a shock of pale white flaring around dark ram horns. ‘What dare you do here, Gwydion? Do you defy the will of Odin?’
‘The girl was the daughter of Wil Martyr!’ Gwydion roared in reply. ‘Do not throw your threats about here, Cerrydwion. Join us and make this a song that will summon the Great Angels from high and low!’ 
The song, that Gwydion spoke of, was still emanating from both Druantia—cool, soft angelic female voices that soothed and calmed the spirit—and Dis Pater—strong, powerful masculine chants that brought feelings of courage and defiance of evil—and soon after a music could be heard from both Gwydion and this new creature named Cerrydwion. Four tunes harmonizing and colliding like a union, and a great struggle. Gwydion explained that Cerrydwion was another of their Brothers, an ancient Battle Angel of the Middle Realm. A God of Forests and Rivers; most closely tied to Fodla and Eriu, but also Druantia.
A host of vampire guards flooded the chamber earlier on, but Hayley had held up her hand and shouted; ‘Leave us! Send more warriors to guard the West Gate and hit them with everything you’ve got!’ The shocked vampires had hung their heads in shame as they saluted with fists to chests and made a swift exit. The stench of scorched vampire husks still filled the air within the chamber, reminding her of the sacrifice of her people, though they had failed her again, at a time that it seemed to matter more than anything else. Pain gripped her heart like a fist, crushing, cold: but the fury that was surging within her soul would soon burn white hot! Her vision became water: tears began to flow once again. All she could see was the light, but in her heart and soul she began to feel shadows closing in.
As the song continued, she wondered whether she was in her own mind, or now a part of her husband’s? Their kigare link had increased so much during this transformation ceremony, that their thoughts became shared, flowing from one mind to the other. Emotions heightened to extreme limits, she felt Wil’s strength, determination and heart of flames burning away those shadows within her own inner being! He was so brave, so mighty, but also so kind, caring. He resisted the Jinn and its terrible effects upon his soul. Yet as more time passed, she felt the weight of his loss also. She began to wonder how much longer he could resist the darkness she had known in her own heart for what now seemed an eternity. Was Pendral attempting to force Wil into living that Dark Prophecy?
Oh, my darling, Enserah! How will I live on without your love and compassion, your humour and fierce courage? I can’t bear to lose you!
In her mind Hayley screamed with heartbroken rage!
Wil was descending into darkness and flames. Outrage filled his mind. His soul burned with a need for vengeance!
As the ceremony continued, a vampire guard begged the right to enter and give his report. The tall Torvellen stammered, ‘The demon army is unrelenting, my Queen! But there is more to it. You see, the sun, it refuses to rise! If Jinn-Fendinn has learnt to stop daylight from returning, He can bring an endless flow of demons through those Travelling Gates, until our forces are depleted of all strength to defend ourselves!’
Hayley and Wil’s minds popped like corn at the realisation that sunrise was now long overdue! If Jinn-Fendinn had truly learnt how to hold back the sun’s rising, how infinite had his Jinn-Magic now become?

*** 
Shaye hacked at the skull of a bull horned Nymloc, bringing the spear back round to punch through the creature’s chest. Garnet fire burst from the crimson shaft! The creature howled: light erupted from its dark flesh; skull exploding in a shower of red sparks! He spun to drive the spear tip through the chest of a charging Boli-Kuldr. Halting the beast midstride with a Shield-Wall of Angel-Magic, unique to his own birthright as a Child of Odin. The Shield-Spell was as firm as a wall of stone, yet the spear slid through easily to set the demon ablaze.
The bandits had come first, thousands of mortal and immortal Shadowsouled in dark leather masks, wielding all manner of weaponry. Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan had spread their leadership throughout the village as they gave their commands to the Forsaken Wil Martyr left here to defend this region. Shaye did not mind being in command, yet he still hoped Wil would return soon. His Battle Angel communicated the sorrow Wil and Hayley Martyr felt this night, at the tragic loss of their daughter, Enserah!
He spun to unleash sheets of bright burning brilliance, slicing through armour and flesh of a dozen charging Boli-Kuldr; half as many Nymloc. Flames cut demons in half: heat and light incinerating dark skinned muscular forms. Forsaken warriors rallied around him, wielding the Jinn Arts with ferocity to defend their position and protect their leader. Other Forsaken guarded Ellagon and Ragan further out, around the large stables where most of the villagers were gathered. Women and children unable to join the fight, and mortal men too old and frail to wield a sword or spear. The rest joined the battle, as more and more of the immortal village men had done over the weeks Shaye had remained here to defend their people.
The real problem was that sense of a great evil approaching. Shaye was curious what manner of beast it might be. The answer came soon enough, after the ground began to shake with the approach of its massive hooves! He looked over distant dark treetops to see a gigantic shadow-skinned demonic form. Shaped like a man with a skull similar to a lizard. Dark bison horns cracked by flowing magma. Eyes great lumps of burning coal. 
His first fear was that it might be a Shadow Dragon. His Battle Angel quickly informed him that his guess that the creature was similar to a lizard was quite accurate. The demon broke through a line of houses—smashing stone and tiles through the air in its wake—when he saw its huge serpentine tail. The Morthrogohr Kahlik reached down with sharp claws to clutch up Shadow Wolf Agnars, crushing them like squashed grapes. Its tail whipping through the village to send others flying through the air. It stooped down to snap ferociously with its jaws, biting through human flesh in horrible sprays of blood!
Shaye sounded a retreat throughout the village. Forsaken began to harry the demon with blasts of the Jinn—red flares striking against its scales without effect—with the aim of drawing it away from the villagers. He left a sizable force of warriors to defend the stables while they attempted to lure the demon away. 
The plan worked! His warriors charged through the nearby forest, spreading out to circle back and attack with stealth. Demon following as it pushed ancient trees to the forest floor. Cracking sounds were like another beast entirely. Trunks six feet in diameter were ripped in half like shredding paper. Warriors ran in fear of being crushed.
There had to be a reason for sending a demon army to this village, after so many bandit raids that now appeared to be linked to one another. He could not find the answer. The other lingering concern was his sense of time. He was almost certain the sun should have risen over two hours ago! This puzzle worried him more than the first conundrum. It suggested some terrible control over time itself. Most likely the work of Jinn-Fendinn!
Blasts of Hellfire Acid flew up from the forest floor, striking the lizard demon to anger and confuse it. The attacks seemed to do little more. He had left Ragan to watch over the stable, yet he could sense as well as make out the silver lined form of Ellagon nearby. Golden axe of the Child of Odin a pale gleaming in the shadows. That would mean he was preparing to summon his Battle Angel. Shaye knew Angels were perhaps their only chance of causing any damage to this impossibly huge demon. Would it be better to utilise their Battle Angels here in the dense forest? Or do we lure it further out to open fields?
He sent this message to Ellagon via their Battle Angels, and soon heard the reply: Would you prefer the graveyard?
This was not an example of Ellagon’s quick sense of humour. It was a genuine suggestion. Shaye considered the open area for launching their counterstrike: combined with cover of tombstones for the warriors to hide behind.
Lead on Brother! Shaye sent in reply. Ellagon began to hurl torrents of blue lightning at the skull of the beast, disrupting its stability. Drawing it onwards towards the nearby cemetery. Shaye ran ahead of the demon with Forsaken warriors sprinting alongside or leaping through the tree branches above. Moving with the speed and agility of Dremelden Wood Kin. Many of those warriors were half-bloods, but the line of the Aelfin ran true in their flesh and bone. 
Shaye was mortal however, and although he was a Child of Odin with many unique gifts, he did not have Ellagon’s speed at running. Shaye was gifted with Portal-Spells, yet since Angel-Magic had been taken from the world—except by the remaining abilities of Children of Odin—Shaye had been less able to form Portal-Magic over any considerable distance. Despite this fact, he alerted his nearby warriors and formed a Portal-Spell large enough to leap through. Landing in the graveyard ahead of Ellagon; he sent word of his intended ambush via their Battle Angel telepathy.

Chapter 17


Eternal Darkness

Adem watched as Archers let fly with another wave of arrows formed of steel or Hellfire Acid. Dark Elves lending great support so far: demons pouring forth in vast hordes. Held back mostly by the various forms of Archer, pummelling the enemy with Lightning-Arrows and shafts of wood and steel. Jean and Carl had lent some help also. Tobin and Orion and their wives summoning vast torrents of Jinn-Magic: vaporizing demon flesh and bone.
The battle had lasted twelve hours so far! Long before Adem had realised the sun was not going to rise. That thought was lingering in his mind as he punished the demon forces with Hellfire Javelins or waves of scorching Acid Flame. Wiping out thousands of demons with each attack. Joined in a powerful link with his companions, each one targeting a separate position of the advancing wall of demons. Still they were unable to advance a step in the hopes of sealing off the distant Travelling Gate, through which the High-Servants were obviously bringing these demon hordes.
If the sun had arisen on schedule, the battle would be over by now! As the sunlight would burn Nymloc and Jacoulra flesh to cinders. Boli-Kuldr would find it difficult to fight with light in their eyes and would likely run to hide in nearby forests or mountain caves. At least giving his forces a chance to rest in the daylight hours. Souljhin would not attack without their armies, not likely anyway. Without the shadows of nightfall to allow their Jhin-Tap transportation technique, even those enemies would find it difficult to infiltrate the defences he’d set up here at their campsite, bordering Rolimbtorel. If they used flying demons to drop Portal-Taps throughout Adem’s defences, things could turn nasty.
The camp had quickly become a battlefield. His armies were in danger of falling asleep on their feet before the demons hacked them down: gorging on human flesh. His scar was draining his physical strength. He was forced to wield Jinn-Magic, and the impact on his mental health was also taking its toll. He was becoming agitated, questioning his closest advisors on attack and defence techniques. A headache was coming on. He knew that if he did not sleep soon, the madness might overpower him completely.
The outer wall of defenders was also harnessing the Jinn to form Shield-Walls while Agnars, Aldebrands and Forsaken also hacked and slashed with immortal speed and strength. Holding back the rush of Boli-Kuldr and other charging demons that made it past the attack lines. Tarz sat his horse close to Adem’s side the entire time: Jean to Adem’s left and Carl alongside Tarz. So far, Adem had not allowed Tarz to join their link, and he considered it interesting that the immortal leader had not yet asked to, either. Despite this, the wounded faced General unleashed waves of the Jinn against the demon forces. His strength in the Jinn Arts easily equal to Adem’s individual capacity. Tarz had soon joined in a link with seven of his most trusted Alit’aren Captains, including the jade eyed immortal Jen Terendel. 
Jen was also considerable in strength, and the combined powers of these warriors resulted in a fierce assault upon the enemy forces. Demons still managed to break through their lines of magic attacks at certain intervals, and Adem was certain those warriors on the outer defence would be tiring. 
But who could bring back the rising of the sun? The amount of strength required to hold back such elemental forces was a puzzle that filled his mind with dread. The answer must have something to do with Komputah. Jinn-Fendinn must be using this vast power here and now to delay their quest. He was almost certain of this theory, but before he led a host of warriors to face Witches and Warlocks in Rolimbtorel’s vast underground city, he knew he must first sleep. At a time when his army needed his skills the most. Yet still he knew sufficient rest was vital, or he may fail in this quest completely. Simply collapsing from exhaustion at a potentially more vital moment of conflict.
He gave this news to Carl and Jean, urging them to do the same, but Jean replied: ‘I will not rest yet, husband. I see the strain and lethargy that overwhelms you. You must get some rest. We will hold back this demon army while you regain your strength to fight. Yet if you can do some good while walking in your sleep, try to find some answer to this puzzle of a sun that will not rise!’ Her words were brave and fierce. Carl simply nodded to give his approval and agreement. 
Moments later Adem climbed from the saddle and moved to a ring of defence. A blanket was laid close to a smouldering fire. The night was still warm, yet the glow of the hot coals gave him some peace as he settled back and closed his eyes. Before sleep took him, his mind reeled at the sound of demonic roars and the clashing of steel. Torrents of Hellfire Acid scorched the earth and sky, rendering demon flesh to piles of smoking ash—
Adem crouched on a rooftop … Dark blue tiles slippery under his boot heels. He quickly changed his footwear to soft soles stitched to dark tightly wrapped stockings, his clothing and armour morphing to the style of Forsaken in the ghoda’sidhe. Gauntlets black steel, grey metallic greaves and a dark grey mask covering the lower half of his face up to below the eye line. Emerald blade sheathed to hide its light. 
He knew this was the Dream Realm. He had come here deliberately, but he had not chosen the location. He could still recall his meeting with his grandson in this realm vividly; and the little Nymloc, Halgahir, that had summoned him from his sleep of regular dreams. He had seen a vision of Halgahir through a fog of burning grey skeletons before he reached this place. The demon had spoken no words this time, though Adem was certain the creature had played some part in bringing him to this location.
Could it be a trap? He wondered. Or is there good in Halgahir? 
He gazed at the stone ceiling high above the rooftops: considering his own question. This was a vast underground cave. Hundreds of squat stone houses with tiled roofs spread across miles of shadows. A pale light like tiny stars suspended in the air in some places, illuminating the rooftops or the stone floor below. Adem heard grunted voices. He crept towards the lip of the rooftop to peer over at the source of the guttural demon tongue. Two Boli-Kuldr demons—wearing armour that glowed like wet shadows—stood facing one another beside the house. Adem crept back and waited until they finished their talk and returned to their patrol. 
Arawn interpreted that much from their demon language. When the taller of the two Boli-Kuldr was walking alone in a clearing between two houses, Adem leapt like a giant grasshopper: flying across the air as Hellfire Wings of Odin flared from his shoulders. Light from his Wings made the demon look up in confusion as Adem dived like a striking viper. Emerald blade planting through the dark eye socket of the Boli-Kuldr. It collapsed below him, Adem’s feet planted upon its massive shoulders as the body fell with a hollow thud. The sound brought a grunt, from the other Boli-Kuldr nearby. Adem leapt like a fleeting shadow, high into the air. Wings of Odin carried him back to land safely on the rooftop. 
He rolled backwards to cover his form behind the tip of the rooftop. Crawling back up to peer over as he spied on the other Boli-Kuldr; giving another stunned grunt as it spotted and ran to his fallen comrade. Adem grinned as he began to enjoy this game that been set up for him. Yet the lurking fear was that a more dangerous adversary was also spying on him from the shadows. These Boli-Kuldr were simply bait designed to lure Adem out of hiding. 
You will die all the same demon. 

*** 
Rayne and the Children of Odin worked with Druantia’s Children to reforge their weapons into many Swords of Valour, Spears of Might, Bows of the Light. Energies entwining and fusing with the skill of their wielders and the enchanted Forest Wardens, as powerful songs continued from all the onlookers, on a night that seemed to never end! 
When they were thirsty, they drank fresh crystal-clear water from a nearby stream. When they were hungry, they ate berries and other fruits that were bursting with succulent flavours. Their bellies were always full and appeased with just a few bites. It was another part of the magic of this ancient world and the Mikihara Forest’s enchantments. Mostly they worked Angel-Magic into the weapons that glowed with burning colours. Bolt-Lightning and Elemental-Fire flowed from Druantia’s Children and the surrounding Sacred Trees. 
As time passed the Children of Odin also learnt the words of the song. Although they did not have Battle Angels to interpret the language, Rayne began to suspect that they too could eventually understand their meaning. It was a long-lasting ode of Angel Power; the blood of the Aelfin and the Elemental Magic that flowed through them and their godlike creators. In hearing the song and knowing the interpretation of those words, Rayne learnt more of the histories of the world’s foundations. Crafting of Kismeria by the work of the Great Angels. 
His heart ached with the glow of teron that flowed through his every fibre. Light was a burning brilliance in his soul. His mind scorching with the heat of Angel-Magic in its purest form. It was intense, it was beautiful, he felt overwhelmingly ill and infinitely well at the same time—heavy but also light—the song carrying him in and out of a grandiose and magnificent trancelike state of consciousness. He was mesmerized. Electrified. Elated and ecstatic. He felt that he was harnessing enough raw energy to pull down the moon and the stars. Power to light up the universe with his own song of triumph!
The music and the songs were everywhere. Radiating. Deep in the earth where the Great Tree roots twined and tangled like tooting trumpets, feasting on magical nutrients in the soil. The flowing waters produced a sweet melody. Chiming. Entrancing. The moss-covered stones, grasses and mushrooms produced a beat. Thumping. Humming. He listened. Mystified. Drums. The Great Trees illuminating the forest joined the music and singers in a beautiful blissful symphony. Harmony.
They did not sleep, for there was no need in this forest of wonders, though they worked for what seemed months, or years, or a thousand years or more, the work was never ending, yet he felt that the work was almost done! 
Finally, the blue leafed figure with the blazing staff—known only as Wargarhyde—let out one last great exertion of brilliant white-hot energy. Rayne and the Children of Odin gasped and gazed at the light that flickered and flared around their heads in brilliant bright blazing colours, finally being absorbed by the enchanted weapons! Every figure in the Mikihara Forest suddenly fell down with extreme exhaustion, though that final bolt of energy had given them overwhelming stores of resilience to a need for sleep that had waged war with their consciousnesses for however long it had been!
Despite this Rayne felt sleep take over, and he gazed about to see that his companions were also giving in to the bliss of finally being allowed to rest. Eyelids heavy, their forms relaxed as if a sleeping tonic had been released by the forest flowers. Rayne closed his eyes and gave a deep sigh of relief. Knowing their quest was nearing its end, and that they had just achieved the vital key to obtaining the source of their need. 
As he began to enter a state of dreaming, he heard Wargarhyde’s booming tones exclaim; ‘The ceremony is now complete. The Sword of Valour has achieved the ultimate of tasks! Sleep now, little Odin Children, and prepare to scale the Mountain of the Gods. To summon them at Odin’s Throne, and lead them on your quest to save all space and time! For Jinn-Fendinn grows in strength to exert extreme influence over the elements. With faith and courage and sweat and tears, we may yet bring back balance with the aid of Odin Lightning-Lord!’ 
On the outskirts of the forest, the demon army roared! They still had not broken through, but this eternal night still was not at an end. Rayne knew the dangers that threatened his quest, as visions of Halgahir, the little Dream Nymloc, welcomed him to enter the Dream Realm.

*** 
Orion was vigilant; commanding his forces as they struggled to hold back the advancing demon hordes. This night had already lasted hours longer than was natural. Every minute longer gave the High-Servants the opportunity of bringing another demon force through other nearby Travelling Gates. Effectively forming a pincer movement against Adem Highlander’s considerably small and vulnerable army. That thought irked Orion to extremes as he pummelled the enemy with blasts of Hellfire and bolts of Acid Lightning, still linked with Elmira, Tobin, and Lydia: wielding the Jinn Arts with devastating effect.
The former Kings and Queens of Tarvel and Nordhel had very rarely practiced the Jinn Arts these past thousand years, but all four of them had studied the potential of the outlawed form of Shadow Magic. These studies made each of them significantly adept at exploiting that remarkable yet unarguably evil method of destruction. 
Adem Highlander’s Golden Soldiers would be of use right now, unleashing those powerful beams of energy to slice through demon flesh. Fired from behind enemy lines and striking against Alit’aren Shield-Walls, a method that had worked for them in the old days. Janeanne’s version of matter manipulation was not yet capable of creating such sentinels. She was currently utilizing similar Golden Samurai on the battlefield. Wielding blades of burning light in crimson, emerald and gold they hacked down Boli-Kuldr and Jacoulra with speed and precision. A bloodbath of unyielding menace created by a young woman so innocent and pure.
Adem Highlander was still resting however and had done for a number of hours now. Jean had not yet tried to wake him. Orion and Tobin did their best to maintain adequate defences during the time Highlander tried to regain his strength. Sleeping while surrounded by a massive guard of warriors within the heart of their camp. Close to the Generals and Captains that commanded these forces to hold back the demon advance. 
They had ordered a number of cavalry charges during these hours of battle. Thousands of mounted warriors attacking the flanks of the demon horde from both sides. Sweeping back down through the column of demon flesh to hack and slash with spears and swords. Trampling the enemy under the thunderous hooves of powerful steeds. Casualties within the mounted cavalry had been few so far. Orion was glad to realise he still had the right to command, and that his wits were not yet stale from lack of use in such a fitting purpose.
He kept his riders on the flanks of his army for the time being. Holding the demons back with Archers, Shield-Magic, and Magic-Blades. Relying on the predictable attack formation of their enemy. Demons driven forwards in a vast column by their Souljhin commanders. A massive meat grinder that was never ending. When the front enemy lines fell under blade or magic, the rear ranks advanced, trampling their spawnbrothers under hooves. Minions of evil incarnate with an insatiable bloodlust and hunger for human flesh. Such was the plight of Kismeria since the Dawn of Ages. 
The Forsaken were their best hope of surviving this battle. Orion and Tobin had not yet given Tarz the order to begin mind control over the enemy front lines. This command was being saved for the necessary moment. Orion understood their rules of honour better than the Sons of Odin ever could. It was also a tactical decision to conserve their strength until Orion and Tobin saw the opportunity to use those skills to the optimum effect. Turning the tide or at least keeping people alive.
As it was, the battlefield was a slaughterhouse of Acid Serpents falling from the skies like lightning bolts. Gorging on demon flesh: snake jaws chewed through chests or gulped down skulls in savage bites. Remaining demon flesh melted into congealed piles! It was an awesome thing to witness! Tobin and Orion unleashed legions of Hellfire Lions and Shadow Tigers. Giant predators charging through enemy lines to shred with claws like burning steel. Ripping off limbs with razor-sharp jaws in sprays of dark blood!
Lydia and Elmira added to the force and intensity of the Acid Serpents, while the two Ael Tarael unleashed thousands of Pixie Wardens formed of the glowing crimson shadows of Jinn-Magic. Sprites of dark energy flying with lightning speed to punch through demon skulls and torsos. Ripping flesh apart in bursts of blood and flames! Yet their combined work was but a fragment of the attack formation that was under their command, unleashed by Tarz in his powerful link, but also by the hundreds of other Forsaken warriors that fought the demon hordes. Waves of Hellfire and Shadow Acid in multiple forms of weaponry. Javelins, Spirit Wardens or simply blades of lightning and bars of fire. The result was a killing field on a grand scale. Forsaken and other immortal warriors on the front lines were under extreme strain to hold back the enemy. They also fought a desperate battle to attempt to cut down the demon horde before their ranks spread beyond containment.
Demon mind control would not be of great use other than to delay the demon advance. Creating walls of Boli-Kuldr and other larger demons to hold back the ranks with blades,  teeth and claws. Even so many Forsaken could not take command of more than a fraction of the entire demon legion, temporarily causing chaos within their ranks. The other reason Orion delayed using this ability, was that he feared it was a skill in the Jinn that would more likely push his Forsaken warriors beyond the brink of sanity. Forsaken dealt with the effects of the Jinn Arts better than most, but it was mainly due to their elykrario crystals attached to their body armour. Otherwise they were as susceptible as any other immortal, and the half-bloods amongst them perhaps even more so. 
Orion had to be wise in such decisions, using the strength of the Jinn Arts like a crushing vice where possible, while restricting its use as much as possible to keep these men and women sane! He knew how important that kind of decision making was, here and now, on a night of eternal darkness. Jinn-Fendinn could keep pushing them, until Forsaken began exploding in fits of madness.
He spotted two Souljhin mounted and charging the front lines; attempting to break through. Acid Javelins split through both riders’ skulls. Brains bursting like ripe fruit as corrosion ate through flesh with fervour. He took out the horses too. Jaws of giant Acid Serpents launched from the clouds to devour the Demonsouled in ravenous chomping gulps.

*** 
As the endless night continued, Wil and Hayley stood watching the enchanted ceremony. It was supposed to transform their daughter into some sort of Battle Angel spirit. As the music and magic began to build, other Battle Angels began to appear. Maeve, Epona, Llew Llaw Gyffes, Mac Manannan Lir and many more he had never seen before morphed into view in flashes of light and colour throughout the chamber. Blending their Power with those of their Brother’s and Sister’s, but also adding to the hypnotic, powerful and mind-altering sense of music that seemed to also fill the room. Wil began to believe such miracles were possible on this night.
The leaf cocoon that enshrouded their daughter’s form was suspended in mid-air amongst the Battle Angel gathering. Flows of teron and terael moving like lightning bolts, burning stars or sheets of incandescence to perhaps purify the flesh within those leaf wrappings. Turning Enserah’s mortal shell into a being of light and energy. A spirit of Elemental Magic that would guard and also fight for both Wil and Hayley in their future confrontations. 
Ki’mera was also involved, the tiny orbs of coloured fire floating up out of the many Battle Angels that appeared. Swirling like leaves on the wind to be absorbed by the leaf cocoon. At other times ki’mera would rise out of the cocoon, to float higher in the air as a loud humming sound filled the air. Raw energy being contained at the cost of a great struggle, and finally Wil and Hayley were forced to give up some of their own ki’mera stores. Demon orbs were drawn out of their own physical flesh to rise up into the storm of energy, as the music, and the hum, and the surge of Angel-Magic rose to a crescendo! 
The next moment everything changed in a blast of colour and light. A small explosion of energy from the leaf cocoon as the ki’mera flowed back into Enserah’s form! Their daughter broke free of her leaf wrappings to reveal a spirit of pure fire and light, though she was the very image of their daughter in living flesh. Hair dark as shadows tied in a thick braid. Black eyes that burned like seeds with a flare of light and colour reflected within. Her pale skin glowed blue and white. Her dress was a simple pale blue silk; roses shining red upon the hem, breasts, and arms. A very modest dress for what their daughter had become.
A moment later Enserah was absorbed into Wil’s obsidian axe and Hayley’s crimson blade, along with their individual Battle Angels. No further explanation was given as to the rules of this transformation and bond. Wil was suddenly aware of his daughter’s raw emotions on a level equal to his kigare connection to his wife. She felt sad, lost, and full of regret, but also saved. Given a second chance by escaping death and judgement. He could sense and interpret all of this through their spiritual bond. The music had subsided, and the other Battle Angels soon vanished in flashes of bright colours. Leaving Wil and Hayley alone to mourn the loss of their beloved child. Knowing they must do something before the demon army took down the Hive.
But Wil sensed a greater need, far off to the west. He urged Hayley to understand the importance of Adem Highlander’s mission. To restore Angel-Magic to Kismeria. Hayley seemed to understand immediately it would mean abandoning a large part of her vampire army—if she hoped to leave enough warriors behind to defend her city—and Wil soon revealed the method he would use to bring a large force of warriors to Highlander’s conflict while this long night never ended. 
He summoned the forces that had joined him during his journey to the Hive, along with two thousand of Hayley’s finest vampire warriors and three hundred werewolf guards. He began to march into the depths of Old Nordhel, leading his army towards the Travelling Gate that had stood there long before this city of stone was built up around it.
There was great risk in using the ancient Portals, yet he was driven by desperate need. He had faith that the Forsaken amongst him were experienced at using the Gates despite Jinn-Magic on teron that interfered in their reliability. He would make one more stop before reaching Adem, however. He needed to recruit Shaye and the army that had been left to guard Cromwed’s village. Arawn, Math and Tanriel had informed his Battle Angels of the scale of the demon army at Rolimbtorel. Wil would need every warrior he could gather in the hope of victory. Hayley left her High General Larg Keledren in charge of holding the West Gate. Protecting her city and her Martyr Coven. Even though Wil did not entirely trust any of her vampire followers, he had respect for Larg’s ability to hold back the demon horde.
Getting the horses to the lower levels was achieved by using ramps of stone to gently lead the animals by the reins as their riders walked ahead on foot. As they descended the hallways and tunnels got ever darker. When they reached the high-ceilinged chamber where the Travelling Gate stood, its grey stone was showered in light. Ancient bulbs of Angel-Magic still worked to this day despite teron and terael being out of reach for most wielders.
One of the Forsaken wielded a small amount of the Jinn Arts. It burned blood red before a similar hue lit up the stone doors of the Gate, opening with a loud creaking and sliding stone, to reveal Wil’s reflection on the dark shiny surface within the Portal. He saw no others in the reflection even though the room was crowded with warriors. He could not even see the reflection of Hayley, who was standing close by his side. This did not irk him as much as the first time he had seen the phenomenon. He prepared his nerves to burst through to the other side. There could be swarms of demons that were about to start exiting the Gate on the other side. Boli-Kuldr, Nymloc and Jacoulra herded from a Gate far off in the East Lands.
He stepped through the shining doorway of darkness to slide through that gel like substance that served as a barrier between two places—at that moment perceiving the gel like many cold pale hands of dead bodies sliding over his flesh and armour, and a voice that was dark and ominous spoke the name ‘Son of Odin’ in his mind—and found himself standing in endless shadows. No moonlight or stars, the only light was from the palms of Forsaken wielders that stood on the dirt path ahead of him. They appeared stressed and confused, but there were no demons in sight. Wil had seized Jinn-Magic the moment before he stepped through. He released his grasp on that terrible power: fire and shadows leaking from his tainted soul.
Wil was one of the first to step through. Hayley soon followed—before two vampire guards led their horses through by the reins—but Wil already knew from communication with his Battle Angels that something was terribly wrong! It was as if the folding of two places joined together had split to reveal a secondary dimension joining the two. Like two cauldrons joined at the middle base. Where the surface of each was a doorway, and you had to pass down through the darkness of one cauldron, to slip through the join, then journey up through the second to reach the second surface. The two joined cauldrons could be hundreds or thousands of miles apart. This analogy was explained by Gwydion, and as Wil wrapped his head around it, he asked the Magician God: Is there anything dangerous in here?
This is all new to me, Gwydion replied. You will have to tread very carefully as we lead you to the second doorway.
Wil considered this before he sent: Don’t worry about getting us to Shaye’s army then. I don’t want to enter this place twice! Just get me to Rolimbtorel.

***
Rayne walked through a scene of bright colours and music. He was on a field of flowers and emerald grasslands, close to the walls of a great city of white stone, high towers and walkways, flags and banners of silk blowing in the cool breeze like flames. People were gathered all around him as he walked with his head high. They praised him as he went, applauding him, laughing, and singing as musicians played a happy tune on various instruments. Sounds of joy and freedom filled the morning air.
He wore a red velvet robe with gold dragon sigils down the chest and along the hemline, a golden belt of dragon medallions at his waist. He was certain there was even a golden crown formed of dragon claws and fangs placed upon his head. He was beaming with pride. The people shouted his name. All of them dressed in fine silks of deep blues, bright crimson, dark velvety green, they had the look of lords and ladies, but even those he guessed to be common folk were wearing the finest clothes the world could ever make. It was a time of peace and prosperity for Kismeria. The world had been saved!
‘You are the One!’ a man in a pointed hat shouted to him, ‘The One of Prophecy who will save us all!’
‘You are Dragon-Sword!’ a woman called in a high musical tone. A Nordic woman with sparkling golden locks and eyes of burning blue. A most beautiful woman with pale smooth skin that reminded him of his one true love. And at that thought, he began to gaze around in search of his beloved. He called her name above the noise of the crowd. ‘Rievenna, my darling. Where are you hiding?’
‘Rayne Dragon-Sword!’ a stout Nordic man shouted in a deep tone. A dark bearded figure that reminded him of a bear. A wide deep chest in a red coat with golden lions embroidered on the sleeves. ‘Praise your name, for you are the one true King of Kismeria! You are the grandson of the great Blue Water Dragon, and Son of Odin, Adem Highlander! Praise you and keep you well that you may be our Sword of Justice against the Great Enemy of the Free Lands!’
‘He carries the Sword of Valour!’ a young Torvellen boy shouted with glee. ‘See how mighty and brave he is, our champion and saviour! Hold his name in the highest regard, for without Rayne Dragon-Sword, our world will surely fall into ruin!’
Rayne waved and smiled, bowing slightly in recognition of the words, yet he soon became anxious about Rievenna. He continued to search for her amongst the crowds. ‘Rievenna, where are you, my love? Do not play this foolish game of hide and seek! I wish to gaze upon your immense beauty. To feel your touch against my skin, and to hold your hand as we walk together in the glory of this celebration!’
Suddenly all the people around him began to laugh, but that sweet sound soon became that of wicked intent and manipulation of his status. A dark haired Torvellen woman shouted, ‘Rievenna is a traitor! She is cruel, and her thoughts are rife with designs of betrayal!’
‘That is ridiculous!’ Rayne shouted in outrage, yet his words brought more laughter from the crowds, the sound now ominous and cruel. He thought he began to notice sharp fangs in the mouths of some of those closest to him. For an instant he noticed a Dremelden woman with eyes like dark seeds, the tell-tale sign of a Nightwalker after a feed of human blood! ‘Who are you people?’ Rayne shouted. ‘I see only enemies of the All-Father before me now! Tell me where my beloved is being held, or I will burn you all to cinders!’
Rayne looked down as a very small mortal boy was tugging on his sleeve. He gazed down to see that the boy had the same terrible eyes of vampire darkness, as the child asked solemnly, ‘Would the great Rayne Dragon-Sword really murder women and children?’ The child smiled to reveal fangs dripping with fresh blood!
‘Away from me; you wicked little Hellspawn!’ Rayne shouted in trepidation and loathing. He clutched his brow, an ache returning to his mind that was a sign of his illness setting in. The child’s eyes returned to human form, and the boy appeared forlorn as he asked; ‘Do you not love us, Lord Dragon-Sword? For we are your people! We are the people you fought to save, and the blood of the cattle is ours to procure. Such is the way of this world, ever since you defeated the Enemy of Peace!’ The sound of great cheers filled the air from all those that stood surrounding him. It was the bloodthirsty wailing of vampires. Demonic souls possessing human flesh. Suddenly, the crowds parted to reveal a crucifix of wood, and Rayne looked there with horror to see that his darling Rievenna was nailed to that cross by her wrists and feet. Vampires stood below with open mouths raised to catch the blood that dripped from her hands!
‘No!’ Rayne shouted in grief and despair. ‘Rievenna, my darling, do not fear! I will save you!’ The Sword of Valour was unsheathed at the same moment that the sky went dark as night, the moon burning blood red. Vampires screamed and shied away from the brilliance of his sword blazing blue. Some Nightwalkers were burned to ash simply from the light of the sword, while others began to bark and roar. Hunching down like dogs in preparation to attack!
But the little boy was still unharmed, and he looked up with eyes of dark innocence as he cried pleadingly, ‘But we simply followed your orders! You are the one who commanded us to punish the wicked ones. The accursed Children of Odin! You declared they were enemies of peace, and that they should all be crucified to face judgement at the hands of the High-Jinn!’
Rayne suddenly understood this alternate future Halgahir must be showing him via the Dream Realm. He realised now that his madness had become rife from long future battles wielding Jinn-Magic and the Schism within Angel-Magic. He had set himself up as the False Prophet of Christ, reversing the teachings of Jesus so that all Heroes of the All-Father would be crucified by this terrible vampire army he had raised! Their ability to walk in daylight was further evidence that he must have delivered Hayley Martyr up to the Southland Vampire Covens, to learn that secret ability that was engrained within her flesh and bones!
This is what the madness would make him become if he lived long enough to see that future come to fruition. His curse would destroy the world. Making vampires the rulers of Kismeria, feeding off the blood of the innocent that the young boy had described as being their ‘cattle’.
A terrible rage overtook him. His madness swelled to monstrous proportions. He lashed out at his enemies with waves of Jinn-Magic. The sword unleashing Hellfire to burn vampires to dust and cinders, as he fought his way towards his one true love! 
Rievenna, my love, how did I let this happen?

*** 
Shaye was crouched behind a large mausoleum of dark grey stone. He could hear the approach of the towering lizard demon. Earth trembling under the weight of its stomping hooves as its tall dark form appeared in the distance, beyond the forest’s edge. Flames of Jinn-Magic were hurled at the demon by Forsaken running in front and alongside. Their forms appearing to blur like fleeting shadows in the moonlight.
The Forsaken were being guided by the plan worked out between Shaye and Ellagon. Warriors quick to adapt to any new plan of fight or flight, and so far, they had succeeded in luring the creature to their desired location for a second attempt at defeating it. 
Shaye waited until the demon was marching through the cemetery, crushing tombstones underfoot. Forsaken fled from nearby hiding places, hurling blasts of Hellfire at the creature during their desperate attempts at escape. Yet Shaye knew they were really playing a game with the demon. All a part of their strange code of honour in combat. The truth was they enjoyed being close to death, yet it was the thrill of the honour in escaping it, or otherwise the esteem of falling in battle to save those they were chosen to protect.
Once the demon was within range, and when he could also see Ellagon moving ahead through the cemetery—his axe a golden blur as the Child of Odin moved with Dremelden speed—Shaye shouted the name: ‘Tamigol!’ 
His Battle Angel appeared before the demon. A small slender female figure: burning emerald energy around a gown of leaves like white frost. Tamigol stretched tan skinned arms out at her sides, as waves of emerald fire burst from her form to race across the graveyard. Tombstones blasting to rubble before the flames struck the demon’s legs and torso. The magic evidently doing some damage as the demon roared in outrage, staggering backwards under the impact of the assault!
At the same time, Ellagon shouted the name: ‘Kohbahl!’ The ten feet tall figure of stone rune-marked flesh appeared and smashed his double-bladed axe into the earth. Massive chunks of stone began to surge up out of the ground, surrounded by a burning blue energy. Stones flew up off the earth to soar towards the demon. Each boulder sized stone smashing into the torso, chest, and neck of the creature. Adding to its temporary loss of balance as Tamigol unleashed her secondary attack!
Thick green leaf covered vines began to surge up out of the ground, coiling around the legs of the demon; serpents strangling their prey! The vines appeared to be living creatures that grew and spread with startling speed: crushing power soon causing the demon to stumble as it struggled to break free of their grasp.
Kohbahl charged towards the demon. Burning emerald wings lifted his form rising into the air. The Stone Angel struck the demon four times as he climbed higher—knee, stomach, chest, and neck as waves of energy blasted the demon on impact—to finally reach a position above and behind the demon’s massive lizard skull. Kohbahl brought the axe down to plant in the top of its head! Emerald Bolt-Lightning charged down through the skull, neck, and chest of the demon, as Tamigol’s vines climbed higher and entangled the muscular dark-scaled arms of her captive. 
Shaye felt the two Battle Angels form a link. His mind bonded with Ellagon’s in the kigare connection, their emotions shared almost as clearly as reading each other’s thoughts. Magic in emerald and aqua bolts rained down from the sky to punch through the skull of the beast. Tendrils of wild conflagration rolling and burning through its dark scaled body as the demon shuddered from the impact of their combined forces.
At this moment, the Forsaken leapt from their hiding places. They assaulted the demon with bolts of Acid Lightning. Others threw spheres of Shadow Flame to pummel the enemy with a combined link shared by Shaye and Ellagon. Shaye sensed the turmoil of Jinn-Magic upon the hearts and souls of those Forsaken, and he had to admit it made his stomach turn. Yet the increase in their combined attack strength finally started to bring the demon to its knees. Shaye and Ellagon threw Bolt-Lightning from their fists, thick blazing bars striking the creature as its huge form crashed upon the earth with a heavy thud!
Wings flared from Tamigol’s form. The two Battle Angels soared above the fallen demon, as flickering magic energy coursed around their spirit flesh. Creating a gigantic burning spear that punched through the demon’s plated spine. Raw incineration coursing through its body until the scaled hide began to lift off and float upwards. Cracks of light forming in its flesh as the body melted into a vast pool of dark congealed mess!
The Forsaken made no cheers of victory, yet Shaye felt their pride rising at the increased honour of their current status. Their faces seeming to sigh with a temporary relief from the conflict of Jinn-Magic flowing through their veins.
Shaye was about to head back towards the village when Tamigol sent him an urgent message. There is something down below here! You must find it and destroy it! I believe it has something to do with Komputah!
Shaye waited until Ellagon and the Forsaken had made it to his location, when Tamigol and Kohbahl returned to their Resting Points. Yet the two Battle Angels also began to lead them towards a mausoleum doorway, where they entered to find a descending stone staircase. It is somewhere below! Tamigol informed him. A source of great power! If you can destroy it, you may be able to return some ability to wield Angel-Magic in this part of the world!
As Shaye began to descend into darkness with a sphere of aqua flame to light the way, he realised this must be the reason for the demon attack. Jinn-Fendinn was throwing everything he had at them to try to stop Angel-Magic from returning to the Alit’aren and Ael Tarael.
His other concerns were the villagers still under attack, but also the communication with Wil Martyr’s Battle Angels. The Son of Odin informed him of his current location—a mysterious void of darkness within the world of the Travelling Gates—and the man was also desperately urging Shaye to lead his army to Rolimbtorel. But with what Wil Martyr was telling him of this alternate dimension of shadows, Shaye was not certain he was willing to take the risk of entering the Travelling Gate that stood some hour’s ride from here.
I will do what I can, Son of Odin! I hope you and your wife reach safety soon! Yet the path I take now may be even more beneficial than any strength we could lend in battle!

***
Adem crept with his back flat against a stone wall: sword sheathed again to hide its burning emerald light. He was using stealth in shadows to creep up on his prey. Boli-Kuldr and other demons were walking the same path as he descended stone walkways and staircases. There was still some light from those floating starlike objects that he guessed were some magic of the Dream Realm.
He knew this was a Dream version of the underground city of Rolimbtorel. Arawn had informed him of this. His Battle Angel was still able to communicate with him here—which was something Adem had not been able to achieve the first time he entered the Realm—and Adem was also glad to know that Arawn could be summoned into combat if the need was to arise. 
Adem was using this time of rest to explore Rolimbtorel. Arawn led him deeper; the Battle Angel guided by the power source for Komputah. Some massive object contained far below that was a part of the ancient magic of this city. Formed by the Great Angels of Stone and Earth in Ages past. Adem still did not know what the power source looked like. He just hoped that if he could locate it, he might then be able to use some sort of Portal-Magic technique to reach it, when he awoke. He also felt the strain of knowing he was running out of time. Whenever he thought he might move at a swifter pace, there was always some demon blocking his path. So, he chose stealth and patience to wait out the right moment to strike.
A Boli-Kuldr morphed from shadows ahead of him. He waited until the beast had turned its bull faced snout in the opposite direction. Adem raced across the stone floor with the silent speed of a Dremelden; a new ability he had learnt to wield in this realm. Wings of Odin flared from his back as he flew horizontal the last ten feet. Sword slicing through the demon at half that distance! 
He sheathed his blade with his back to the beast. He heard it wail and collapse to the floor; the sound of blood sprayed from the wound across its ribs. The cut had been so long and deep, he had no reason to fear it would have the strength to charge after him. He had adapted a part of that strange code of honour taught to him by the Forsaken, before darting off into the shadows. 

*** 
Rayne was crossing a hallway of darkened stone. He noticed a fleeting shadow crossing under the light. Upon sight of the figure, Rayne was informed by his Battle Angel that this was his grandfather, Adem Highlander! He gave chase, and soon found that Adem had halted under another floating sphere of light that formed a pool around Highlander’s form—clothed in the style of the ghoda’sidhe.
Adem turned back to face Rayne. He guessed that their Battle Angels were communicating when his grandfather shouted in surprise: ‘Rayne! Is it really you?’
Rayne clutched the hilt of his blade—still sheathed—as he changed his clothing to a similar style to Adem’s. ‘Has the madness taken you, grandfather?’ In his many viewings of alternate futures, Rayne had seen a world in which both Rayne and Adem Highlander had joined forces with Pendral once the madness overtook them too! He was cautious now, fearing that even if this was the real Adem Highlander; that he might already be too far gone to save.
Adem sheathed his blade and walked slowly towards Rayne with arms spread wide as if for an embrace. ‘It’s alright, Rayne, my dear grandson. I am not yet mad enough to be any danger to you. It is really me. Surely your Battle Angel has confirmed it?’
‘He has, grandfather. I have seen things I do not wish to tell another soul, yet you must hear my words.’ Rayne related what he had learnt of those possible futures. He watched Adem’s eyes shine with fear and disgust as the tale was told in full. Finally, Adem said after a deep sigh: ‘We will not let such dark omens and prophecies become our reality!’
‘Perhaps,’ Rayne replied. ‘Or perhaps it is all futile! How long can we resist such corruption?’
‘You must complete your quest, Rayne Dragon-Sword!’ Highlander said with pride. ‘I am searching for the heart of Komputah’s power source. It is here at Rolimbtorel! Will you help me find it before you awaken?’
‘Lead the way, grandfather,’ Rayne said. He believed truly now that they were without hope, and that one or both of them would eventually bring ruin to the world. In one alternate future he had become the Lord of Vampires, his pride a part of the madness that blinded him to the havoc he had wreaked upon the people of Kismeria. His greatest fear now was that he saw no way to escape such a fate, other than to accept the terms of his bargain with the Angel of Death.

***
Hayley rode her horse beside her husband. Moving at a brisk trot with their Martyr Coven and Wil’s warriors following, leading, and moving alongside. This pitch-black landscape had many dangers for horses. Vast craters in the worm ridden soil, as well as fallen tree trunks and similar sized objects of stone. What this place once was before it became a pathway between the Travelling Gates was a mystery not even their Battle Angels could solve.
Hayley was heavily guarded on both sides by vampires in heavy armour, as were their horses. These were heavy cavalry, with werewolves patrolling further out. All of them transformed into the savage hellhounds that was their curse, but also their greatest strength. The beasts sniffed at the darkness as they continued along a path of broken stone. Marked along the way by human skulls mounted on the ends of spears and pikes, rising from the soil like dragon fangs.
It proved one thing at least; they were not alone in this realm of darkness. Something was out there waiting for them. Something that enjoyed hunting men and women, presenting them as trophies. Lost souls littering the roadway. Their plight drove nails into her skull like a thousand tortured screams from the pit of hell, yet they were also symbolic of whatever had been achieved here. It was as if Jinn-Fendinn had torn a vast chunk out of the world, casting it aside to rot in the shadows.
Her heart still ached terribly at the loss of her daughter, the impact of that loss shaking her to her very core. She fought for resilience, as a burning rage began to rise within her spirit. She was craving revenge, and not just against a few Demonsouled. She wanted to take down the High-Servants. Every last one of them! 
She was holding back the tears. Rage kept them at bay, but she was only now realising the horrors of her new reality. A world without the only person that had kept her sane. Enserah had provided the assurance that Hayley should be a leader that demonstrated justice, morality, and honour. In an Age of Chaos. Dominated into ruin by the madness of madmen!

*** 

As Wil rode, he spread his ability to communicate with animals out to the many huge dogs Hayley had also brought with her. That first breeding pair Wil had purchased for his wife over a thousand years ago had given birth to a line of their breed that were mixed with other dogs over later generations, turning into packs that numbered in the thousands. The entire city had been swarming with them when he arrived. Hayley had brought over three hundred of the massive beasts with her on this mission.
Wil had sent dozens of the dogs running off into the shadows. To hunt and seek out whatever dangers were lurking out there. So far, none had picked up any scent of demons, yet their kigare type mind connection reported images that Wil interpreted in his mind to meaning that many of them thought they could sense a very dangerous predator out there, hunting them! 
Whenever Wil questioned them on the size or description or number of enemies they were sensing, they sent back emotions of fear mixed with images of simply figures of shadow within darkness. He believed this was simply the images they could sense, as none yet had reported seeing anyone out there either.
The fact that these huge hunting dogs reported a sense of fear in regard to whatever they thought was hunting them also brought a mood of great trepidation upon Wil’s heart and soul. He wanted to be out of this place as soon as possible, yet his Battle Angels kept having difficulties finding the right path. It was as if some other terrible force was confusing their course. Soon Gwydion and Dis Pater were also reporting a sense of some dangerous foe waylaying on the road ahead, as well as more following from behind and closing in around them. 
Hayley warned her Vampire Guard of this, and Wil also gave word to those that formed his closest rings of defence. Werewolves and hunting dogs began to growl and bark at the shadows, and Wil wasn’t certain what concerned him more, the apparent fear even of these werewolf beasts, or the fact that the noise they were making would be signalling their position to whatever it was they wished to avoid.
The tension in the air was palpable, mixed with a growing sense of nervousness and fear that seemed to be constricting the heart of every rider. They rode on through endless darkness.

***

Jean leapt from her horse to make her way to Adem’s side. Jean and Carl had been wielding the Jinn Arts for some hours now. Devastating the demon ranks with Hellfire and Shadow Acid attacks in the form of Javelins, Cougars and Carl’s Shadow Priests that stood ten feet tall—wreathed in burning shadows—wielding massive spears of crimson fire to hack through demon flesh in a wrath of carnage.
But now Jean decided that Adem had to wake. The battle was slipping out of their control. More and more demons flooded the darkened fields as they poured out of the mountain passes to the north: spreading their ranks. Agnars, Alit’aren and Ael Tarael fighting desperately to hold back the enemy in torrents of blood and flame.
Orion had not requested that Adem be woken, yet Jean knew now was the time they would require his strength in battle. Those hours he had rested should have given him the necessary recovery time to strike back at the enemy. She hoped he was ready to also advance upon these Witches and Warlocks. Taking back Angel-Magic that had been stolen from the world.
Yet when she tried to wake her husband, first with gentle shakes while speaking his name into his ear, then more forcefully, and finally with some degree of urgent desperation, she realised he was not going to wake up until he made that decision for himself. Tanriel explained that Adem was in the Dream Realm, and that Arawn was leading him through the tunnels of Rolimbtorel to seek out the location of Komputah’s main power source.
This discovery was vital to their success, Jean knew this. Her fear began to grow at the prospect of holding back these demon hordes for a number of hours more as they waited for Adem to wake up! She told Tanriel to send her urgent need to Arawn, to inform Adem of the impending doom his people were facing without his strength in battle. 
She realised there was nothing more she could do. She returned to her horse and climbed back into the saddle to better survey the killing fields. Her link was still formed with Carl, and Janeanne sat to Jean’s right, also joined now in their link of three that gave them a destructive force similar to being linked with Adem and Carl. Janeanne was very strong, yet Adem was more instinctive in his ability to kill with Jinn-Magic, and Angel-Magic when it was available. 
Jean knew it had a lot to do with his illness, some terrible darkness within his soul that made him the perfect weapon for annihilation of their enemies in a bloodbath of carnage. Her greatest fear was what might happen when he lost control of himself, if he gave in to that darkness? What would he do then, and what would he become?
She focused on the battle for now, wielding a thousand Acid Javelins that hailed down from above the demon horde. Massive shafts of burning crimson that split through skulls and torsos: demon flesh melting into congealed mass! Jean struck time and again with that same style of attack. Carl unleashed waves of Hellfire that flowed through the enemy ranks to burn demons to ash and cinders. 
Janeanne’s Golden Warriors numbered close to forty. Eight feet tall soldiers of pure gold; hacking burns through chests, slicing off limbs: decapitating with blades of laser light. Demons collapsed in chunks. Congealed flesh sizzling in piles in the wake of her daughter’s fury! 
Ki’mera souls glowed in the air like a rainbow river, replenishing the exhausted spirits of every wielder on the field. Jean sensed her daughter’s abhorrence for the evil presence of those demon souls when they entered her living flesh. Janeanne was quite anxious and fearful of this situation despite the brave defiance in her eyes. Battle was something quite new for her. She had lived a life of peace in Red River, sheltered and innocent, away from the terrors of the world outside her little village. Jean’s heart ached to know the truth of this.
Shienden had also vanished into the clouds when Adem began to sleep. Jean was aware that her daughter was also able to communicate with the dragon, though she did not request that Shienden join the battle at this time. Dragonfire would be of great use here and now, but she understood enough about battle to be certain that Orion and Tobin would make such requests when they decided the time was right. 
She guessed that Orion was saving the infinite magic of the Harp of Souls for just such a moment also. Heroes of Will would also be greatly welcomed on the battlefield if the situation worsened. Perhaps even being of greater use than the current strength of their Battle Angels when unleashed, though they too were conserving their energy within Resting Points while feeding off the growing stores of ki’mera.
We still have a few tricks up our sleeves!

***
Wil felt the tension increase as his forces quickened their pace. The path ahead monitored by scouting werewolves and hunting dogs—similar in size and appearance to a Great Dane—but also by vampires and other warriors wielding spheres of Jinn-Magic. To shed enough light to be able to check for pitfalls or other dangers. The dogs and werewolves were becoming increasingly agitated by the threat closing in on them, barking ferociously at shadows within darkness. The enemy still not revealing its size or form within range of those lights. 
He sensed Hayley’s overwhelming despair at the loss of their daughter. Wil was becoming a thing of darkness: rage and emptiness filled his heart and soul. His wife was also boiling with a temper that was almost out of control, yet there was a growing fear in both of them. Fear of the unknown. Fear of an enemy that could inspire panic in creatures with instinctive predator behaviours, the werewolf being without doubt the most dominant and ferocious hound left alive in this Age. Their nervousness was blatant, inspiring anger that was tinged with intimidation.
Wil began to wonder if some connection of tainted spirit was making it possible for the werewolves to sense or at least pick up the scent of the actual kind of demon that was out there hunting them. The thought so intrigued him, that he finally attempted something new, forming that kigare type mind meld with the werewolves closest to him. Speaking in animal tongue through images that were interpreted as words. Wil got the image he was seeking, and it filled him with horror! The werewolves had known for some time what was out there, due to some blood spirit sense of all Demonsouled. When Wil realised what it was that was closing in around them, he understood their instinctive fear! ‘Be on your guard!’ Wil shouted. ‘The enemy is close! They are—’ 
His sentence was cut off as the spheres of light ahead fell upon a tall, dark cloaked figure in shining wet black armour of overlapping plates. Signature silver skull of a Souljhin embossed upon the breastplate. Three werewolves sprang into action, as the hunting dogs began to bark and snarl ferociously. The figure was taller than any other Souljhin that Wil had ever seen, over eight feet!
The first Wolf was caught by the neck by the massive figure, that actually lifted the beast with one hand. Another werewolf bit down on the Souljhin’s sword arm, the blade glowing red hot in the darkness. A third bit into the demon-man’s knee, but the first that had been lifted gave a whimpering sound of fear and submission before its throat was crushed. The Souljhin tossing the creature aside as its pale face and eyes of black malevolence were revealed. Hood falling down to its shoulders as those eyes locked on Hayley, burning with bloodlust and hatred for all living things! Yet it was the crooked grin on its face that made Wil shout, ‘Eledisren!’ as Hayley cried, ‘Druantia!’
The Souljhin reached to rip out the upper spine of the werewolf biting down on his sword arm, with the now free left hand. It then swung the blade to cleave the skull free from the other that had been gnawing on its knee and calf: wolf skull rolling into shadows as blood spurted from the fallen neck! It spun towards the shadows, fleeing the light. Morphing back and emerging from darkness to the side of Hayley’s horse—as dozens more Souljhin hacked at them on their flanks, splitting their defences. Crimson blades blurred: cutting a swathe through flesh and bone—its blade hacking the mare down in a spray of blood. Druantia’s coils of vines wrapped around the largest Souljhin’s wrists and ankles. Druantia and Dis Pater forming a linked wave of energy that blasted the other Souljhin flying back into the shadows. Hayley screamed as the horse collapsed to one side. Dis Pater was there to drag her free from the animal before it fell, holding her like a small doll in his arms as both Battle Angels spoke the name; ‘Enserah!’
Two small hands of glowing light clutched the Souljhin from the back of its skull. Blazing bolts of lightning flared around those hands—dozens more white-hot tongues of flame fell from the darkness above: vaporizing Souljhin hiding in the shadows—as the coiled vines held the demon-man from any hope of escape. The creature gave a tortured scream before lightning tore through its chest. Pale skull exploding like a melon crushed under a mallet!
The body collapsed: revealing their daughter’s shining form hovering in the darkness. So beautiful: eyes so serene and kind. ‘Mother, Father, I shall not fail you again! But you must hurry! The doorway is not far from here! Flee! Now!’ Hayley had already been placed behind Wil in his saddle. She clung to his waist as the altherin horse began to move, but at a pace to allow their warriors to keep up. It wasn’t long before screams and snarls of fresh victims began to fill the shadows. Battle Angel blades of magic continued to hail from the skies.

Chapter 18


The Will of Heroes

Rayne crouched low: peering over a ledge of rock, looking down through the vast cave. He spotted a number of dark cloaked figures, patrolling the underground city within the Dream Realm of Rolimbtorel. Rayne and his grandfather, Adem, had journeyed through the networks of caves and tunnels, stone walkways and chambers, to reach this location that Tohka Reiden insisted was very close to the source of Komputah’s power.
They had not spoken a word to one another for some time. Rayne was pleasantly surprised to learn that his grandfather knew various forms of hand signal communication in both Nordic and Torvellen, likely explained to him via his own Battle Angel, Arawn. Adem crouched beside Rayne with his back against a large slab of stone. Keeping out of sight while Rayne surveyed the area and reported back to his grandfather with further hand signals.
The main reason they were using hand signs rather than just communicating via their Battle Angels, was that Adem had explained that the High-Servants had the ability to block their minds from their connection to their Battle Angels. This was in fact an ability Rayne was familiar with, and so they maintained this form of communication, in case Pendral or others showed up to block their minds from Battle Angel telepathy.
Rayne was signalling to Highlander that he could see three figures on patrol down there, moving along the stone walkways surrounding a series of doorways with a bright light glowing within. According to Tohka Reiden, that light was the power source they were seeking, under guard by Witches and Warlocks even here in the Realm of Dreams.
Two of the guards were female, Rayne’s immortal sight was able to detect that much even across a great distance. Both of them pretty faced women, one Nordic, the other mortal, though they appeared of a similar age, despite how misleading such first impressions could be about Aelfin and Ael Tarael. Both wore velvet hooded robes that appeared to be black, but the blue-eyed Nordic was wearing very dark blue velvet, the dark eyed mortal a dark blood red.
Rayne did not know either of these women by their physical descriptions. He guessed it possible that they were actually quite young. Therefore: both would have been born after Rayne’s original death, over three centuries before this period that he guessed was the real present.
The male was a tall Torvellen Warlock, large dark eyes, and short black hair with grey at the temples. His hood was removed; he glared this way and that while moving between the two females on his patrol. The hood had been removed by the Torvellen some time ago, and Rayne wondered if it was any indication that they suspected they were being watched.
Rayne and Adem had taken down a large number of Dream Boli-Kuldr and other demons during their journey to this location, the two of them teaming up with stealth combination attacks to eliminate the guards while keeping out of sight as much as possible. Both men presumed there must be a more dangerous adversary out there waiting, watching, hunting them like a wolf stalking two prized stags. The chance that it was Rayne’s father, Pendral, also seemed most likely, and the two of them were on their guard over just such presumptions.

***
Adem peered over the slab of stone. He could see the guards on patrol that his grandson had described with hand signals. He was anxious about the chance of being hunted here by Pendral or other High-Servants walking in the Dream Realm. His instincts were confirmed when a warp of crimson fire revealed a fourth figure, standing proudly in a dark hooded robe. He walked towards the Torvellen Warlock to converse.
Adem used another special ability of the Dream Realm to see the dark robed figure’s face close up, as if looking through a telescope. His fear increased when he saw Pendral’s face twisted with menacing madness. His son appeared more disturbed than usual, despite his confident stance. Adem prepared a shield before both Pendral and the Torvellen turned in their direction to hurl blasts of crimson energy: glowing hot bars of menacing magic!
Rayne had also prepared a Shield-Sphere—formed or matter manipulation—but the blast struck the rocks where they were hiding to remove the stones by some Dream Realm trick. There was no explosion or sound, the stones simply vanished! Adem dashed away from that position with the Shield-Spell in place, tightly locked around his flesh to deflect further attacks that missed him by inches. He ran with the speed of a Dremelden, though he knew he would not have this ability when he returned to the world of flesh.
He hid behind a larger column of stone; looking back to see his grandson morphing from one position to another. Rayne was taking cover as he used a kind of Dream Teleportation technique that Adem had not yet learnt. The two of them waited for the next attacks to come. Then suddenly the two females were also hurling thunderbolts in their direction. Thick blue tendrils blasting around either side of the thick stone columns where Adem and his grandson were hiding.
They could not continue in this manner. Adem suspected that Pendral could sense their location via some connection to the corrupt Battle Angel, Balor. This meant there was really no point in hiding. It was a matter of fight or flight! He chose to run instead. He already knew how to reach the source of Komputah’s power. So, he told Arawn to inform Rayne that it was time to leave. Their minds had not been blocked from communicating with their Battle Angels yet. Which made Adem wonder if distance was a factor there. Once Rayne vanished to return to his body in the past, Adem did the same. Vanishing from his hiding spot as the roof above him began to tremble; deep cracks spreading through the stone ...
When he woke, Jean was at his side, kneeling and holding his hand tightly. Her face was grim with concern. Thunder tore the air, lightning flashing in the dark night sky as the roar of demons rose like a chorus of corruption. He sprang to his feet, helping Jean to stand as they quickly made their way back to their horses. Forsaken and other warriors flanking them with blades unsheathed. 
When Adem was in the saddle he could survey the battlefield better. He saw that their defences were nearing breaking point. He turned to see Orion removing Odin’s Harp from a leather sack tied to his saddle. The ancient Torvellen plucked three strings that resonated in the air like a song of woe. Bliss and courage. Determination and resilience. Wailing Ghost Heroes were heard all around them, building in volume. Adem felt emotions run deep through his heart and soul. He sensed the same from his wife, through their shared spiritual connection. Carl as well. It was always disconcerting to greet the dead. 

*** 
Jean watched as a tunnel of fog appeared on the right flank of the demon horde. Lightning bolts flared around and within the tunnel. Horses of light rode out two abreast. Heroes of Will resplendent in silver and gold armour. Silken robes of crimson fire. Hair that glowed like starlight and eyes that burned with the power of the sun. Spirits made into living flesh.
Jean felt her heart nearly break when she saw the first two riders at the head of the column. With Jinn-Magic in her veins, she saw the features of dark eyed Terese Sapphire-Sword. Riding a pale horse like soft moonlight. Arig Flame-Bow rode beside her, on a tall stallion dark as night. 
The Heroes charged along the flanks of demons. Making their way back within the front ranks of warrior defenders. Passing through that line of conflict as if they were made from moonlit air—yet the enemy lines were pulverised by a crushing wave of force and energies that emanated from the Heroes as they cut through their ranks on an angle to mesh with the defenders on the front line. A great cheer sounded from the Forsaken and other warriors that were given some relief from the demon advance. They fought back with ferocity to cut down thousands more with bolts of lightning and bars of flame, thrown from the fists of Alit’aren and Ael Tarael wielding the Jinn Arts. Dark Elves and other Elemental Archers firing waves of Acid Arrows to punch through demon armour and flesh—Terese and Arig moving their horses through the ranks to side up next to Jean and Adem’s mounts.
‘Terese, you’re back!’ Jean shouted with delight. The Hero of Will stared back with eyes that seemed to not recognize her, although she finally said, ‘Well met, Daughter of Thor. It has been long since we shared the tales of our lovers. Holding hands when walking through the gardens of Nordhel, where I gave you your training.’ Jean laughed and smiled back brightly, as a grin flashed across the lips of the dark braided ghost. 
Other Heroes surrounded them in breastplates shining with the sigils of ancient Houses. Sleeves like blue velvet smoke and hair shining wet black, silver, or gold. Sword hilts, Lukrorian Bows, axes, and other enchanted weapons adorned the Heroes that sat their mounts with dignity and pride. They deserved nothing more than Jean’s absolute admiration and respect. They were amongst the greatest warriors to ever exist in this world. They had fought and died a thousand times so that others may yet live to uphold the honour of their sacrifices, in the endless struggle against tyrannical evil.
Kobahl Eagle-Blade was there, dressed in blue armour with twin silver eagles emblazoned on the breastplate. His pauldrons shaped like golden beaks with eyes of ruby. Wielding the massive golden-eagle hilted sword that glowed pale blue. Riding a white horse with eyes of dark fire. Beside him was Breeanna Golden-Arrow. Pale silver gown and crimson gauntlets. Golden hair shining like wet metal with eyes of burning blue. Riding a horse like brown mist with a white blaze. Crimson reins gripped in one fist. Lukrorian Bow shining bright jade over her shoulder, in a bejewelled case of silver and emeralds.
Rocard Flame-Fist and Elizel Light-Shield rode side by side. Vohn Red-Hawk in a blood red bird mask, crimson cuirass; dark trousers and boots with ornamental armour that shone with magnificence. The Battleaxe Brothers were there in plated silver. Axes burning aqua and emerald. Jarien Stone-Spear—with his spear of stone that would never break and never needed sharpening, light as a feather and capable of cutting through steel—Abigail Tormeidhellin—beautiful and wise. Wielding a sword of crimson light and a shield emblazoned with the Golden Tiger House sigil—Taebrel Golden-Sabre wielding his blade glowing warm amber. Even the first Nordic King, Rodin Cloud-Walker, was there with his piercing dark gaze under a crown of burning gold. Riding a horse of pale light with mane and tail shining black. 
They were a spectacle to behold. Raw emotions of pity and pain, grief and bewilderment were always mixed with a thrill. Elation. Ecstatic joy that made the heart flutter and the pulse race. She wanted to burst into tears. She wanted to laugh, and she wanted to scream—No! Roar with the courage of a lioness!—but there was still much more to be done! There was a war to be won!

*** 
Adem searched through the throng of Heroes to survey each face. Looking for his grandson, Rayne Dragon-Sword. Fearing that some ill fate had brought him here as a Hero of Will. Which would mean their cause was lost, as it would be proof that Rayne had failed in his mission to return the Battle Angels of the past to the real present. He breathed a deep sigh of relief when he saw no sign of the man amongst the crowd of mounted ghosts. He hoped there was still some miracle at work that would bring about a victory to end this chaotic struggle. Rayne had to succeed, or this battle would end in disaster!
Adem shouted the name, ‘Llew Llaw Gyffes!’ A mauve bolt shot down from the skies to present the Battle Angel in a diminished form. Standing only eight feet tall, light and energy that should have emanated from his flesh now revealed more human features. Fragile skin and bone, an angel becoming mortal. Llew’s eyes still burned with strength and courage. Drawing a blade that glowed deep purple: ready to join the warriors on the front line.
‘I require you for another task, Great Angel,’ Adem shouted, to the figure that stood only paces from his horse. ‘I am hoping that a link between our own Battle Angels with your ability to teleport; may make it possible to bring a small force to our desired location in the undergrounds of Rolimbtorel!’
Llew nodded his agreement without speaking a reply, then Adem, Carl and Jean shouted the names of their three Battle Angels. Arawn, Math Mathonwy and Tanriel appeared in a flare of coloured energies. The male Angels standing side by side with Tanriel hovering above them on wings of blue flame. They did not immediately attack the demon army. They had not been instructed to waste their ki’mera in this manner. Within a short time, Adem had assembled a force of Forsaken, Dark Elves and other Nordic and Torvellen warriors to join them on their quest. Bringing only one hundred men and women, as this was the number specified by Arawn as being the maximum Llew could carry with their current ki’mera stores. 
This would mean the Battle Angels would need rest the moment Adem brought his forces close to the source of Komputah’s power. 
The other option would be to allow the Battle Angels to fight the demons on the battlefield to gain vast stores of ki’mera—making it possible to bring a much larger force within the depths of Rolimbtorel—as well as reducing the size of the enemy army. But again, the result would be more time spent in Resting Points before the teleportation technique could be used. Adem chose to move now, in consideration of the urgency of the situation.
Janeanne, Tobin and Lydia also joined them. Orion was unwilling to leave this army without sufficient leadership, and Adem understood that without either Tobin or Orion there sitting his mount as their Lord General, the morale and courage might begin to wither. Giving the demons the edge that they needed, to crush Adem’s army, before he could find a way to complete his mission.
As a wail of Heroes and shouts of warriors sent them on their way, Llew began the teleportation technique. The world shifted around Adem and his warriors, sending them deep within the city of Rolimbtorel. They also brought Karbul the Giant, Adem’s personal bodyguard against Balor the Corrupted.

***

Rayne woke within the Mikihara Forest to learn that the demon army had broken through the enchanted wards. Dark shapes began to appear through the trees in the distance. Bull horned and ram skulled creatures that were shot down by Lightning-Arrows of Dremelden Wood Kin, leaping across branches as shafts of coloured energies flew from their Lukrorian Bows. Blasting demons apart on impact, though the demon army was immense. Soon Rayne could see thousands of Nymloc and Jacoulra, Souljhin and Boli-Kuldr marching towards them from three positions. South, east and west, their only choice was to flee northwards in the hope of reaching the Mountain of Odin’s Throne. But there were many other demons amongst their ranks. Fourteen feet tall Rohgorahl, wielding double-bladed axes that blazed like wet magma. Wolves of the Shadow, some were mounts for the Rohgorahl, though others were just led on the hunt by demons of shadow and flame. Some stood eighteen feet tall, built wide as eight- wheel wagons, thick muscled beasts with scaled skin black as midnight. Heads of lions with shadow-manes. Eyes like orbs of burning magma. These Rohn’Khali were perhaps as fearsome and difficult to defeat as any Shadow Dragon.
Wargarhyde, the great blue feathered Druantia Child, stood shouting in a deep brave voice, to awaken the other warriors that still lay in slumber on the night that would not end. Still exhausted from their great labours to enchant their weapons, that would serve as Resting Points for the Great Angels of old. ‘Awake! Awake, little Children of Odin! Awake Nordic First Bloods! The demon army approaches! Awake! Awake!’
Rayne watched as Druantia’s Children joined the battle from the treetops and branches. Strange little creatures of furry, tree-bark skinned, or even some with flesh that looked like stone, struck with vehemence and power. Incinerating demon flesh or melting it from their bones. There were hundreds of these Forest Aldebrands, but the demon army was much greater in number.
The Children of Odin awoke one by one, as did the other warriors that had joined them on their quest. Rayne saw more of the Dremelden move through the forest with a speed of a gale force wind. Trained by Druantia’s Children in Wood Lore, these ancient immortals cut down demons with Chaos-Blades and Lightning-Arrows. Some running across the forest floor, now that their numbers were increasing. Others rained down fire from the trees to drive Nymloc and Boli-Kuldr skulls into the dirt.
Thousands of demons gathered on the distant horizon, through the trees to the south. Children of Odin moved to surround Rayne on all sides, as Rayne drew the Sword of Valour. A great light filled the darkness of the forest, as the Children of Odin began to join him in a massive link. At the peak of that link Rayne shouted, ‘Tohka Reiden!’
Bolts of lightning struck the demon army in the distance. Burning-Dragons entwined the pillars of white flame to descend upon the enemy ranks. Gorging on demon flesh. Melting armour and steel to slag. Tearing off limbs. Burning bones to ashes! As the link built to a crescendo within Rayne and his fellow Children, they unleashed a wave of blue fire that charged through the forest: rising higher as it flowed southward through the trees. Spreading on impact; the attack blasted the enemy as it surged in a wild blazing blue conflagration. Frying the demon ranks, incinerating flesh, and bone, blasting limbs free in black bloody bursts, skulls exploded, necks spraying like fountains. Rayne saw thousands of demons lit up by the blast. Skeletons burning white through dark flesh before blood and bone was burnt to smouldering ashes. This small victory would buy them the time they needed to flee northwards, in the hope of reaching the mountain.

***
Wil and his forces moved through the dimension of darkness with haste and unease—Hayley clinging to his waist behind him in the saddle of his altherin mare—It had been some time since they had witnessed their daughter, Enserah, battling the Souljhin that pursued them through this strange place. Her bolts of lightning still lit up the shadows: striking more of those adept adversaries while werewolves and hunting dogs continued to howl, anxious and distressed.
Even now, with the doorway of fire within sight—yet still far off in the distance—Wil still heard the sounds of his protectors being hacked down by Souljhin blades on the outskirts of their defences. Even werewolves and vampires were not enough to stand against these formidable foes that hunted with stealth to pick off their prey one by one.
He estimated they had lost over fifty dogs from the sounds of their last fearful yelps—many of them joined to his mind via the Dremelden animal communication technique—twice as many werewolves, and perhaps eighty or more warriors. At least half would include Hayley’s Martyr Coven Vampires. The only thing keeping them alive was the combined Link between Druantia, Dis Pater, Gwydion and Enserah. Lashing out at their skulking enemies with Blizzard-Lightning and Bolt-Rain. Vaporizing dozens as the seconds ticked over. Yet there had to be hundreds more Souljhin out there. Cries of their victims never ceased!

***
Orion utilized the skills of the Heroes of Will to the best of his ability as a Lord General. He positioned ghost warriors on the flanks and along the front line of their defences. Ancient Heroes of Kismeria unleashing devastating attacks of Elemental Magic—spears that hurled lightning bolts, Lukrorian Bows firing Lightning-Arrows of coloured light; others wielding enchanted blades and axes burning brightly in the darkness—as they hacked down waves of demon flesh and incinerated bones into piles of smoking ash. Other warriors shouting in triumph to see the impact of these Spirit Wardens. Not only holding back the enemy; but reducing their number with speed and ease. Demons began to falter and even attempt retreat, against the waves of their spawnbrothers, that continued to push them forwards into the jaws of annihilation. 
Orion set Archers and Dark Elves along the fourth line of defence, with others on the front-line flanks. Firing Acid Arrows and Shadow Flame from their bows to cut down demons in waves: flesh melted into bubbling piles, limbs were torn free and skulls exploding. Warriors moved further out and alongside the flanks of the demon front lines. Forming a wall on both sides. His warriors harried the enemy with Archers and Dark Elves firing from each flank, while those walls began to swell with heavy cavalry, Agnars and pikemen on foot to hold back the enemy if they attempted to escape.
He would have liked to have Adem or Janeanne on hand to summon Shienden from the skies, to vaporize the enemy held within this funnel, or a few Battle Angels to unleash their wrath at full potential in a Link. His only resource to create such carnage were the Spirit Wardens he sent amongst the demon ranks. Golden Tigers tearing through flesh and bone in sprays of dark blood. Pixie Wardens of Shadow Flame sent by his wife Elmira that flew like arrows to punch through skulls and tear off limbs. Tarz and his link of Forsaken added to the onslaught with their own Acid Serpents, Shadow Lions and other Wardens amongst the masses, tearing down demons to bite off skulls and shred through flesh and bone that burst, melted and burnt into dust!
Wielders added to the anarchy with Acid Javelins from the skies, splitting through skulls and torsos to melt demon flesh in savage explosions, while others hurled lightning bolts of Jinn-Magic from their fists, or sent waves of flame roaring through the enemy ranks. The Jinn-Spells sometimes enhanced by Carl Wilder: producing aqua Javelins, amber bolts of lightning and emerald waves of flame. Reducing the impact of the Jinn-Magic upon the Forsaken and other Alit’aren and Ael Tarael that fought on the front lines. Breaking the demon ranks apart with unrelenting determination and force.
Fien Marghotha and his Lady Jeimella were close by to lend Orion support in surveying the battle. Providing advice on how to arrange his forces to maintain strength and resilience against such a massive horde of demons. Fien appeared partly offended to be put in second place to Orion’s leadership. Orion guessed the Lord General had expected Orion to join Adem Highlander, taking his wife Elmira with him. Which would leave Fien in full command with Tarz and his Forsaken as his second advisors. Fien had to understand the importance of Orion’s presence here at this desperate hour, however. Orion’s reputation had always far exceeded that of Fien’s in terms of battle strategies and ability to command. Fien’s advice was always taken on board. Orion did his best to show appreciation for the man’s role in maintaining order on this field of chaos.

*** 
Hayley and her husband climbed down from the saddle to quickly make their way towards the doorway of light that would hopefully take them to safety from this cursed realm. They had remained behind as most of their forces evacuated through the Portal of white fire. Hayley and Wil’s Battle Angels were crucial in holding back the Souljhin, that picked off victims while they surged around the small doorway, surrounded by endless shadows.
She felt real terror as she heard the strangled yelps and savage howls of her pet dogs and Martyr Coven Werewolves, attempting to serve as a barrier between the warriors that sat their horses with horrified expressions. Crimson blades flaring in the darkness, cutting down anyone that was within reach. These Souljhin were relentless, yet they had played a game with Hayley’s forces as they attempted to flee through this dark realm. Taking out their outer defences one by one. Increasing the fear in her warriors as the evidence of a trap became undeniable. Chances of escape seeming unlikely.
Hayley watched as dozens of dark cloaked figures stepped into the light of Alit’aren flame spheres. Her Vampire Guard being first to cross blades with the creatures, but twice as many of her warriors were cut down in seconds as Forsaken and other Agnars rushed to protect their leaders.
Enserah struck with bolts of white flame, taking down half the Souljhin in a heartbeat. Wil and Hayley unleashed torrents of Jinn-Magic against four of the remaining twelve. Alit’aren Forsaken struck with Acid Javelins that split through the skulls of three more. Druantia and Dis Pater sent shockwaves of burning force glowing emerald and amber. Blasting back others that attempted to step into the light.
‘It’s time to go!’ Wil shouted. Hayley realised they would need to sacrifice more faithful warriors to ensure both she and Wil reached safety. She stepped through the thick gel like substance that felt like cold dead hands groping at her skin; Wil close behind as she heard a cold cruel voice emanating that was certainly Jinn-Fendinn. ‘HAYLEY MARTYR, YOU ARE THE KEY TO MY SUCCESS!’
When they reached the other side of the portal it was still night-time. She saw stars and the moon. There was light! Tears welled in her eyes as she looked back expectantly to see how many more made it out alive. Her heart sank as she waited and waited, realising eventually that none would come. They had likely remained behind to die fighting. The honour code of immortals was a terrible thing to bear responsibility for. 
Finally, one of her dogs made it through the stone doorways before they closed with a creaking groan. It was Sevria! Hayley’s heart burned with elation when she inspected the animal to find that she was unharmed! ‘You are a very lucky and clever girl, Sevria!’ Hayley said in a delighted tone. Soon the rage of so much loss was swelling in her heart once more. With her forces assembled, she clutched her husband’s waist in the saddle. They rode on through the night. She could not hold back her tears over the loss of Enserah. That was a crime that demanded retribution! It was a terrible pain that would burn in her heart for eternity. 

*** 
Shaye had located the source of Komputah’s power. Deep within the catacombs beneath the cemetery. He sensed the raw emanations of force from the large crystal sphere, that stood on a slab of obsidian. Both were smooth rounded objects. The sphere over twelve feet in diameter. The sphere glowed pale aqua, then golden, crimson, orange, and emerald, repeating in a pattern of colours. The object was humming with the resonance of Angel-Magics contained within.
Shaye realised that these were Great Angel powers. Elemental Magic combined and trapped within the sphere, containing a large portion of Angel-Magic, that should have been available to all wielders in this region. He guessed there were more like it, yet this was not the true source of Komputah’s power. 
‘How could we possibly do any damage to this power source?’ Ellagon asked with wonder as he gazed at the glowing orb.
 ‘Our Battle Angels should be able to destroy it, but they will need our help. The rest of you, evacuate the chamber and get back to the surface immediately!’
Shaye and Ellagon waited until the vast stone chambers were empty. They summoned their Battle Angels in a flare of coloured energies. Kohbahl and Tamigol hovering in the air on wings of emerald flame.
When their Shield-Spheres were in place, reinforced by Kohbahl and Tamigol, the two Angels and Children of Odin blasted the sphere with bolts of pure lightning, emerald, aqua and golden fires struck and wrapped around the source of power like a crushing claw. Entangling the light with greater light. Burning brilliance surged and flowed until the darkness was lit up by white hot magnificence. The sphere exploded: a sound like Jinn-Fendinn’s roar!
Coloured energies were released from the sphere, surging up through the roof of the chamber and likely rushing up into the clouds. Blending with the earth and trees and rivers, the stolen Magics of the Great Angels were returning to this part of Kismeria!
Shaye could feel it too! An overflow of Angel-Magic was now coursing through his veins. He knew instantly that he would be able to teleport over much greater distances now that Angel-Magic was restored to some of its former capacity.
As the Battle Angels returned to their Resting Points, Shaye formed a portal that enveloped both himself and Ellagon, bringing them to the surface where they anxiously waited for the return of their warriors that were still in the tunnels below.
When his warriors had returned, he formed another Portal-Spell, this one returning them to the village where the battle was now nearing an end. The Forsaken drove off the remaining enemies—and he would leave enough warriors to protect the village from further attacks—though he now knew he had destroyed the one reason these villagers had been attacked for the last three years. Jinn-Fendinn did not want that sphere to be discovered. 
He rushed to give Ragan the good news. Soon they were assembling their forces to make a giant leap from here to Rolimbtorel.
He was about to form the Portal-Spell when he received word from Wil Martyr’s Battle Angel, Gwydion. Shaye learnt then that they too were fast approaching the battle at Rolimbtorel, yet they were still an hour’s ride from there. 
Bring your forces to me first, Shaye Eagle-Soul. We have need of your portal ability, as we are still unable to create one, though we sense Angel-Magic returning here also. Hurry, Child of Odin! We need your help!

***
Orion was given the warning with just enough time to act. Horns sounded to alert the warriors that demons were approaching now from the southeast. A vast horde of Rahkwel and Nymloc that must have been brought through another Travelling Gate. Just as he had suspected!
Fortunately, he had taken precautions for just such an eventuality, leaving a sufficient rear guard ready for such attacks. He moved his focus to giving commands to captains that commanded that section of their forces. Aldebrands, Agnars and other warriors including Forsaken Alit’aren fortified the front lines of the rear guard, with Archers and cavalry on the flanks.
The demon army approached with great speed. The goblins were ferocious as they wailed their bloodthirsty war cry, including thousands on their front flanks riding those horrid demon boars, a sign of the corruption of this Age.
Archers let fly waves of arrows of Acid and Shadow Flame. Others fired wooden arrows or crossbow bolts with steel broad head tips, punching through Rahkwel armour and driving those vile pigs into the dirt. Acid Flame causing demon flesh to rip and burst on impact, but the demon army surged forwards with vehemence. Orion ordered the pikemen and Agnars to prepare to defend themselves. Alit’aren formed Teron-Shields; now that a fraction of Angel-Magic was returning to the world. Orion guessed this was not the work of Adem Highlander, or else Angel-Magic would likely be fully restored.
A score of Heroes also joined the rear guard, including the First King, Rodin. He blasted the demon ranks with a wave of blue lightning, dragging the pure line of force through the enemy lines to cut down swarms before they reached the line of defenders. Other Heroes and a host of Children of Odin unleashed Lightning-Arrows: cutting down enemies in blasts of burning impact. Orion unleashed a line of Golden Tigers to stand guard before the front lines as the demon horde collided with Shield-Walls. Agnar and Forsaken swords hacked and slashed in a frenzy, cutting off limbs, skulls, or severing torsos in half as the Rahkwel and Nymloc hammered at the Shield-Walls with unrelenting rage!
The battle had lasted far longer than Orion would have hoped. This night seemed like it would last at least until Angel-Magic was fully restored. This meant those Shield-Spells would not hold up much longer. His wielders were tiring from endless exertion with Jinn-Magic and now Angel-Magic in its limited supply. He needed reinforcements, and without a Battle Angel on hand he had no communication with any of the Sons of Odin. He began to fear this would end in catastrophe!

*** 
Elmira felt a flood of hope and elation. A large portal of light opened on the right flank of the Rahkwel and Nymloc horde attacking from the southeast. Her immortal eyes scanned the faces of those that rode through. She nearly gasped to see Wil Martyr and his wife Hayley riding a pale altherin that charged out behind a host of Forsaken and other immortal riders!
She saw Shaye Eagle-Soul and his Brother Ellagon, and their inseparable companion Ragan riding alongside Wil Martyr’s horse. Riders charged head on to attack the demon wedge, flames of Jinn-Magic and Angel-Magic launching from the fists of Forsaken and other wielders, blasting the sides of the demon army. Riders impacted with the wedge to hack and slash their way through. Thunderous hooves trampling demons into the dirt!
Wil and Hayley’s Battle Angels took to the skies, along with two more that Elmira recognized as Tamigol and Kohbahl. Four Angels forming a Link. Lightning began to fall in blazing shafts of colour, along with white hot bolts that seemed to be created by the fifth Angel that Elmira did not recognize, at first. She felt a stab of pain to note the features of the little female figure to be exactly like Hayley Martyr. Elmira then knew the terrible fate of their daughter, Enserah!
The demon forces buckled and scattered under the force of impact. Bolts of lightning blasted the fields to send Rahkwel bodies flying in sprays of dark blood and torn limbs. Nymloc flesh fried to vapour as waves of Angel-Magic vanquished thousands in a surging conflagration of incinerating heat and light!
Elmira felt the courage and pride of her husband rising, as he too looked upon this turn of good fortune. Their old kigare link reinvigorated via the return of Angel-Magic in the land and sky.
Her husband did not waste this opportunity either, quickly giving the order for the heavy cavalry to charge upon the demon flanks. Archers and Agnars began to fight with renewed spirits, Heroes and Children of Odin adding to the carnage with waves of flame and bars of hot glowing energy to cut down demons or burn them into dust!
Suddenly, a sixth Battle Angel appeared in the night sky on wings of white flame. It was Gwydion, the Magician God. With his strength added to the Angel Link, the demon fields became a bloodbath of lightning and fire. The ground rupturing into molten flame, as lightning bolts fell both here on the rear defence lines, but also to the north where the first demon army still pushed against their Alit’aren and Ael Tarael shields. Victory was now possible. She silently prayed that Adem Highlander would succeed!
Dis Pater and Kohbahl thudded to the earth amongst the massacre, unleashing waves of golden and emerald flame as they swung their enchanted weapons. The two Angels now displaying something closer to their former might. A return of Angel-Magic would be fuelling their abilities. There was no doubt of this when she witnessed their destructive abilities explode upon the battlefield.
Demons were blasted into cinders as Dis Pater’s golden axe cleaved through skulls, split chests, and tore torsos in two. Elemental Fire coursing from the swipe of his blades that roared through the enemy ranks like raging orange dragons. Those dragons scorched flesh and bone to collapse in piles of smoking ashes.
Kohbahl wielded a Jade Hammer with two massive fists on the haft. He pummelled demon flesh into the ground with speed and ferocity. The impact of each strike sent out shockwaves of incinerating heat that vaporized dozens of demons in surrounding circles. Emerald Dwarves shot up out of the flames to hack through demon flesh with burning Jade Axes.
This miracle of reinforcements with Battle Angels had surely saved them. Her husband had to know this, for Rahkwel were more tactical than other demons, more adept at finding a way around such defences. They did not attack in a methodical wedge of grinding teeth and claws. They had archers, pikemen, and swordsmen. They would have surrounded Orion’s forces in a short while if Wil Martyr had not come to their rescue. This knowledge must have shamed her husband greatly, but she believed he would have found a way to keep most of his warriors alive. So long as this battle did not actually last forever!

***
Adem and Jean crept closer to the ridge of stone overlooking the doorways to Komputah’s power source. The area was even more heavily guarded here in the real world compared with the Dream Realm. Adem’s vision was not as good here as it had been then, but he was certain none of the dark robed men were Pendral. Not something he could sense. He was just certain by the stance of the seven Warlocks.
Pendral would be there when the battle started up. Adem had to be ready for him. They had waited some time; first arriving in caves nearby. Allowing their Battle Angels to rest until they reported what Adem also could now feel. Angel-Magic had been restored to some degree. Mostly further to the east, but it was tangible here also. He was certain he could now wield teron to a certain extent, though it was as of yet unlikely to serve him as well as Jinn-Magic or his matter manipulation technique.
He and Jean, along with Carl, agreed via the kigare that they could now all also sense terrible pain in Wil’s heart and soul. A great darkness was growing there, and they knew the reason for it. Their Battle Angels had explained the fate of Wil’s daughter, Enserah. It made Adem wish there were something he could do to reverse the damage.
There were half a dozen Witches down there too. Robed in colours so dark they appeared black. Adem remembered those female faces he had seen in the Dream Realm, women with pretty faces that were also displays of madness and corruption. Mostly visible in their large eyes but also their strained visage. Any Ael Tarael that turned to serving the High-Servants would have to be a most dangerous adversary, along with these former Alit’aren. It was the corruption upon their minds that was the control, and perhaps the biggest problem the Sons and Daughter would have to face was finding a way to defeat them.
Arawn informed him that there were over fifty Witches and Warlocks within the large chamber, beyond the glowing doorways. Here, the doorways did not glow. They were sealed up by heavy iron doors, yet he knew this was the right place. Not only from memory but also confirmed by their Battle Angels, Llew Llaw Gyffes had served them well.
His own forces gathered here outnumbered the enemy nearly two to one, but there was still the chance of Pendral and Balor turning up—Adem was certain those inside the chamber had been alerted by Pendral. He was sure an ambush would be waiting for them—and if they brought a host of High-Servants or Hex-Keepers with them, well, Adem just hoped his Battle Angels could protect them long enough while they figured out a way to destroy the power source.
Carl moved up alongside Adem to view the enemies below. He conferred with Adem via their Battle Angels of his expert strategy for taking them down in a humane manner. Carl did not want to kill people unless it was absolutely necessary. After that trip to what seemed to be Kismerian Hell, Adem had his own reasons to agree. He had his own soul to consider, and if possible, he wanted his reputation to be maintained, without further tarnish. Adem also knew that for Carl, as a Christian, this was a law he lived by.
The result of his plans was that the three of them crouched; watching as Arawn, Math Mathonwy and Tanriel morphed to appear down on the stone walkways below. Garbing themselves in dark robes that did not glow. They remained unseen, using stealth to hide behind columns and under bridges.
Adem, Jean and Carl watched with growing satisfaction as the three Battle Angels skulked about, picking off individual Witches and Warlocks by leaping out to grasp them from behind. Holding them in an inescapable grip with a hand covering their mouths as they dragged their victims back into the shadows. Binding and gagging them via some magical ability. The humane method was working. Adem sensed his old friend beaming with pride to witness it.
Karbul was down there also. Wearing his cloak of illusion to hide his massive form, in preparation to bash down a number of those heavy doors. 

*** 
Orion nearly howled with anguish when he watched the Heroes of Will returning to the Harp of Odin in a flare of colourful lights. Heroes required rest after so much exertion. Orion knew this would cost him dearly, perhaps even the loss of hundreds of lives!
The Battle Angels were also showing signs of reaching their peak. Elemental Magic blasted Rahkwel and Nymloc to the southeast; Bolt-Rain falling to the north. Orion knew the Angels would soon return to Resting Points also.
This surprise rescue had gained him some advantage. The southeast demon horde was now scattered and driven into fits of terror. Archers rained arrows down upon them to take out hundreds more like a flickering pulsing river of light. Heavy cavalry circled back to move into formation for a second charge. This tactic perhaps also being necessary to ensure Wil Martyr’s warriors made it out of the demon masses alive.
His Agnars and Alit’aren swordsmen on foot he kept back behind the protection of Shield-Walls for now. Hundreds of warriors formed wedges with the narrowest edge facing the approaching horde, with small gaps between each wedge, to create tight passageways for the goblins to attempt to break through. If the wedges held formation, and their blades were swift, the demons would be cut down in waves, a veritable bloodbath.
Orion knew the dangers of such a formation. When the demon bodies began to pile high, they would provide a footbridge for nimble Nymloc and charging Rahkwel to cross over to the centre of their defences. For this reason, Orion was preparing to evacuate his main forces through another gap of defenders to the west. They would fall back towards a ridge line with a ruined wall of stone and other deeper defences where they would make a final stand.
He fortified the front lines further ahead of those wedges with ranks of swordsmen behind Alit’aren Shield-Spells, but they would break formation on his signal, when he was alerted to the fact that the Shield-Walls were about to break. They were running out of time. If the swordsmen did falter and scatter, his army would fight toe to toe with savage demon tooth and claw. He knew that within time his forces would be massacred!

***
Rayne and the Children of Odin parted ways with the rest of their company, at the foot of the Mountain of the Gods. A massive snow-capped peak, ringed with grey clouds that swirled in the starlit sky. Night had still not ended, and Rayne believed now he knew why.
The Giants and ancient immortals said their farewells with sad expressions. Little Grom insisted he could do no more for them. Fate depended on his return to his father, but he would remain here with the host of warriors to defend this approach to the mountain against the invading demon army. Rayne felt a wash of emotions to depart from such well-earned company. They were amongst the bravest souls he had ever met. They had surely gained a name for themselves in the legends that would be told far into the future.
Rievenna and Rayne were almost equal in speed at running. They began the ascent together. At times when the stone wedges were too high and steep to cross over, he would lift her up with Wings of Odin flaring blazing blue from his shoulders. Dropping her on a perch higher up, where they continued to charge upwards with the speed of a half-blood and an Aelfin. 
Other Children of Odin were able to form short distance Portal-Spells to ascend—though they used these after they had climbed beyond the clear sight of warriors that were still fighting below. Avoiding the chance of any learning such Angel-Magic so early in the history of the world—and Elarja was able to use a similar tactic via the Time Stones being so close to a source of Great Angel Magic. The First Resting Point of Odin and his Brothers and Sisters, while other Children were Aelfin also, and they charged with blinding speed and made huge jumps to get over seemingly impassable boulders; landing on higher ledges. 
It was not long before the test of the Great Angels was placed upon them. Spirit Wardens of a warm amber glow began to appear higher up, upon the sides of the mountain. Wielding swords or spears that unleashed blasts of brilliant flame. Rock exploding on impact as Children darted to escape the attacks! There was an old legend Rayne had heard that ‘Only a true warrior may ascend the Mountain of Odin,’ and that ‘The Chief of Angels searches the heart of every man and woman that dares to seek him out. They shall be tested to discover if they are worthy of an audience with the First Born.’
The Spirit Wardens launched into the skies on blazing wings, striking at the Children with incinerating blasts. Those with swords dived like hawks, attempting to drive the Children of Odin into the stone of the mountain.
The Children fought back, firing Lightning-Arrows, or unleashing their own forms of Angel-Magic from fist or spear. Dodging each attack with a natural born ability that spoke of the rareness of their kind. They were determined to succeed. 
Rayne launched into the sky on Odin Wings, crossing swords with one of the Asgardian Wardens. Sword of Valour clashed with the Guardian’s blade amidst a roar of thunder. The Warden was sent flying through the air, crashing into the side of the mountain to melt into a glowing pile of dust. Rayne grinned to learn that these enchanted beings could be defeated!
He shouted the name, ‘Tohka Reiden!’ The mountainside was lit up by blazing white bolts of lightning. Serpentine dragons coiling around pillars of light that broke off from the bolts, seeking out Wardens that now moved with signs of caution. Dragons chomped down on Warden flesh and bone, reducing Aesir Magic to piles of smoking dust. Tohka Reiden appeared on a floating cloud to hurl white fire from his fists, striking Wardens with the fury of an Angel.
Rievenna’s smile was beautiful as she looked his way, before leaping to dodge a blast from a Warden spear high up above her. If Rievenna had fallen pregnant, she still was not telling him about it. The endless night had not resulted in a child being born and growing up while time seemed to stretch on for infinity. Time was in fact frozen, but they were still able to move about. It was Jinn-Fendinn’s influence over the Time Stones, that had to be the answer. They had to overpower Jinn-Fendinn before he learnt to freeze them all too! That would leave them helpless. Statues of flesh and bone to be devoured by ravenous demons.

***
Horns sounded to the northeast. Close to the mountain passes leading higher to the Hardark Rohn clan regions. Orion recognized that these were horns used by the invaders from across the West Sea. Those that Adem Highlander had so many times referred to as Vikings, which was a common name now used for them by many Kismerian people. The clan that had fought for Highlander on the slopes of Kerak’Otozi a thousand years before were known as the Honds, and Orion saw that the majority of these approaching riders were of that very clan!
They rode larger horses than those common to the Free Lands. Vikings were sometimes larger than immortals. Orion saw that there were Giants charging alongside them, at least a hundred of them! Their horns continued to sound as the Honds, and other clansmen, began to roar with courage and bloodlust. Charging towards the right flank of the northern demon hordes. Suddenly hundreds more bolts of lightning were falling upon the demon ranks: blasting flesh to dust and vapour. Elemental Magic wielded by the many Alit’aren Vikings that rode in that column of over two thousand warriors. Swords and axes hacking through demon skulls as their horses collided and broke through their flanks—Giants wielding massive broadswords slicing Souljhin and Jacoulra in half with glowing steel—horseshoes enchanted with old magic stomping demons into fire and ash!
Tarz and his Forsaken still defending the northern side of their forces began to unleash Angel-Magic and Jinn-Magic with devastating effect, their confidence building evidently over the arrival of fresh reinforcements. 
Behind the Honds rode another column of horsemen. These were mostly mortals of the Hardark Rohn clan. At least fifteen hundred mounted warriors that were known as some of the fiercest warriors in the land. That second column rode along the right flank to cut through the demon wedge close to the front lines of defence. Trampling demon skulls into the dirt: hacking and slashing with enchanted blades. Riders cleared a wide enough gap for the Forsaken Alit’aren to reposition their shields, and so now their northern defences were bolstered with fresh swords. Orion saw opportunity to create a fresh tactic of charges, aided by Angel-Magic and the Jinn, to soften the demon ranks when the time was right.
This would buy them more time, but the demon army to the north continued to pour forth in waves, it seemed endless! There was no way of wiping them out without Great Angel Magic on a massive scale. The Heroes of Will were still not rested enough to return to fight. His hope rested on Adem Highlander and Rayne Dragon-Sword, on a night when time was standing still, but at the same time it was also running out! 
He needed to take charge; he needed to be the leader he once was. He left Fien and Jeimella in command on the southern defence lines. Orion and Elmira charged up through the ranks to return to command on the northern end. Tarz’s ruined face appeared strained from the amount of Jinn-Magic he and his Alit’aren were wielding in their link. Orion saw relief there when he commanded the Lord General to take a break.
The Honds and Giants were working their way down through the demon ranks towards the front line of defenders. Orion gave commands to move the shields in front of them when a space was cleared. The Giants seemed to instinctively guess at such a tactic when they neared the front line. Hacking down the larger demons and stomping the smaller ones with their boot heels to clear a path for the Shield-Walls to be repositioned. Shield-Spells would not last much longer. Yet having Giants at the forefront of each Agnar wedge would be of great advantage. He shouted these orders to the captains and lieutenants nearby. Immortal leaders rode off through the ranks to reorder the formation of defence.
With the roar of demons and the thunder rolling through the heavens, Orion found he had to shout even to the immortals close to his side. Orion was also nearing exhaustion from wielding at this point. He needed rest, and so did everyone else! He was rarely a man for prayer, yet at this point he was even willing to appeal to the great Son of God, Christ, for a miracle that could save them!
They had gained some ground to the north however, and the reformation and extra warriors allowed him to spread the defenders more evenly around the Domed-Shield defences. Agnar wedges forming a ring around the army. His leaders mostly deep within that circle, as they were the head of command, and most vital to their hopes of survival. 
Orion had to be closer to the front lines each time he gave commands however, to better see the battle lines. To account for each life lost, each tactic gone wrong. To better understand a way that he could win this war. He also knew this was partly foolish, for if he fell, this army would collapse as despair and a great loss of honour took hold. Tarz was just as vital in this regard due to the large number of Forsaken defending the front lines. If the honour of his people were so greatly tarnished, their shame would overwhelm them. Added to  the fact that most of them were already half mad!

*** 
Rayne soared up the mountainside on Wings of Odin. Enemy Spirit Wardens were now defeated, yet before long he saw crimson Portal-Spells forming further up the mountain slope. Shadow Generals appeared. Dark cloaked figures over eight feet tall. Some with skulls of bulls or rams, others feathered eagle heads with large, hooked beaks. The largest had the skull of a lion like the Rohn’Khali. There was seven of them. Their attacks were infinitely more powerful than the High-Servants, and they wreaked havoc upon the mountain. Blasts of Hellfire launching from crimson blades and glowing axes. Rayne and the Children leaping frantically, yet the Children were able to maintain shields via the increased power of their weapons. This defensive system holding up whenever they were too late to escape a blast of flames.
Tohka Reiden and Rayne formed a link to blast the Generals with Bolt-Rain and Burning Dragons. Rayne also noted that none of the Generals were willing to oppose the Sword of Valour in a clash of steel. Once Rayne realised this advantage, he used Odin Wings to launch an assault against each General. Driving them into submission. Waves of teron launching with each blade swing. Aqua flame scorching the Generals despite their Shield-Spheres. Eventually even these potentially invincible foes admitted defeat and fled in crimson flares.
After another hour or more of ascending without opposition, Rayne and the Children neared the peak of the mountain to discover the Seat of Odin. A surprisingly small stone throne suitable for any mortal—set upon a rock plateau jutting out from the mountainside—and with Elarja’s instructions, Rayne took the seat to gaze out over the land. Here he could see that this spot was ideal as the Heart of Great Angel Magic. Stone and earth of the mountains for Angels such as Runen and Kohbahl. Sky and clouds for Tanriel and other Angels of the High Realm. Forests for Druantia, Fodla and Eriu, and other Forest Angels. Rivers flowing through the stretch of mountains across the western coastline, that flowed into the sea for the River Gods, and the King of the Sea, Nepton.
Here the Great Angels could gather their Magics, united in their cause to spread Creation across the world. When Rayne took the seat, he felt the raw Magic of Odin coursing through his blood. Bolts of lightning filled the night sky. The First-Born Great Angel’s face appeared in the swirling clouds—his eyes blazing fire, a golden helmet studded with jewels upon his brow; armour of silver and gold plates across the chest—a huge form over twenty times the size of any Giant, along with many other Great Angels, both male and female. Tanriel with wings of light. Golden axe of Dis Pater. Crimson Hellfire Spear raised in the right fist of Math Mathonwy. Druantia’s flowing emerald gown. Eyes that gleamed like white fire. Llew Llaw Gyffes was there. Fodla, Eriu and Epona. Dozens more appeared as the clouds swirled in a cataclysmic vortex of force. Winds howled as thunder tore the air like a savage explosion!
The voice of Odin Lightning-Lord echoed through the air, as the First Born proclaimed to Rayne and the Children, ‘You have done well, my Children. You have passed the test of courage and strength. I see that you, Rayne Dragon-Sword, wield the Sword of Valour. I sense that it is fitting for your purpose. It will contain a great portion of the might of the Great Angels.
‘Hold your sword aloft, and you also, my Children. Hold your weapons up to the skies so that we may join with them as the first Resting Points. We know of your desperate quest. We gladly take part in our role, to save Kismeria, and to save the Heavens from the growing Power of Darkness!’
Rayne and the Children did as they were told. Suddenly the Great Angels morphed to become bolts of coloured flame. Lightning struck each of the weapons of the Children, including Rayne’s blade. A raging tornado of Angel-Magic flooded his blood and bones. Odin entered the Sword of Valour! Rayne watched in awe as coloured Angel-Energies surged into the weapons of his companions also. Wind howled. Heaven roared!

Chapter 19


A Force of Shadows

When their Resting Points were fully charged with Angel-Spirit, Rayne and the Children unleashed their Battle Angels for a short time. Blasting the foot of the mountainside with Angel-Fire. Vanquishing a large portion of the demon horde gathered there. This gave the Giants and other heroes that had joined their quest a chance to escape back to the forest, where they would be protected by Druantia’s Children and the First Wood Kin. This was much to Rayne’s relief to know his friends would not perish.
Then it was time to leave. Elarja used the Time Stones, a flare of coloured energies surrounded them in a large sphere, on the ledge where Odin’s Seat was positioned. Just below the snow line that capped the peak of the mountain. The Time Sphere bulged with a sound like the fabric of space being torn. Light retracted around them as Rayne’s vision became awash with burning white brilliance.
The sphere appeared again. Expanding outwards; then dissipating, to reveal that they were in a totally different place and time. Standing now in a courtyard, of a city that Rayne knew well. It was Valmeron! It was daytime here! Blue sky and white clouds overhead. Sun burning brightly at its noonday peak! At least somewhere in all of time it was not an eternal night. Rayne and his companions breathed a sigh of relief and elation to feel the warm sunlight baking their skin.
Elarja looked troubled. This was not the location and likely not the time he had wished to arrive at. He had hoped to journey directly to Adem Highlander’s army in the true present. Everyone guessed it would be endless night there also.
Elarja stopped a tall mortal Aldebrand striding by, to ask what the year was. The confused faced man replied. ‘It is the year 611 A.C. I must say, you ask a very unusual question.’ With that the Aldebrand strode away, glancing back with a raised brow before vanishing into the crowd.
Rayne suddenly realised why they were here. He grasped another tall muscular warrior by the edge of his cloak to ask, ‘Is Lady Isabelle here, in the city?’
The warrior looked at Rayne’s face before he replied, ‘Yes, Lord Dragon-Sword. Your grandmother is housed in the Royal Guest Quarters of the Palace, as she has done these last ten years. Are you feeling alright, Lord Rayne?’
Rayne did not recognize the man, but the words he gave were a blessing to Rayne’s heart: knowing that he was not too late. 

***
Isabelle sat at her mirror dresser combing her dark locks into something straighter. Preparing for her maidservants to arrive to braid it into her signature style. Her makeup was still not done, as she was in a depressed state. Missing her son Pendral, although he was becoming madder every-time she laid eyes on him. And her dear grandson, Rayne. With those charming blue eyes, just like his grandfather. Her beloved hero, Adem Highlander. The man she had saved herself for, for so long now that it seemed an eternity! She missed his warm hugs, his dashing smile, and the affectionate pet names he used to call her.
She slammed the brush down against the oak dressing tabletop as a tantrum nearly took hold. Why did her beloved have to stay away for so very long? Why did her son and grandson not visit her more often? She knew how important they were, the responsibilities that weighed so heavily upon their shoulders. But surely, they could spare a little time to see her! She loved all three men more than she could ever put into words.
Suddenly panic struck her as Portal-Magic appeared in the room. Shining wall of light visible in the mirror reflection! Her heart fluttered with joy when her darling Rayne Dragon-Sword stepped through, with Elarja RinHannen close behind!
Isabelle turned on the seat to glide over to her grandson and reach out to grasp his troubled face with both hands. Laying a big kiss on his cheek, she held him tightly in an embrace. ‘Rayne, it has been far too long! I missed you terribly. Why have you not visited more often?’
Rayne pulled her back from the embrace, holding her arms tightly as he spoke urgently to say: ‘We are taking you away with us, dear grandmother! There is no time to talk, but know that I will be reuniting you with my grandfather!’
Tears formed in Isabelle’s eyes as she spoke the name: ‘Adem Highlander?’
‘Yes, but you must leave with us now!’
Isabelle watched as a second Portal-Spell flared further back within her chamber. She beamed with happiness to see her darling son Pendral step through!
But his face was changed. He immediately glared at Rayne and Elarja, his face becoming a twisted scowl, mixed with the confused expression that spoke of his growing illness. ‘Rayne, my son. What are you doing here?’ Pendral spoke with bewilderment, his eyes half crazed as they fell upon her to ask, ‘What is the meaning of this, Mother? Why do you meet with Elarja RinHannen in secret? Do you make plans against me?’
Isabelle was about to insist that this was certainly not the case. Elarja reacted suddenly to craft a Portal-Spell that wrapped around both Isabelle and her grandson, that carried the three of them down onto the city courtyard in the bright light of day!
‘What is the meaning of this?’ Isabelle shouted at Elarja. ‘My son was talking to me! I do not see enough of him either. He will be very cross if he believes you are kidnapping me!’
‘We are rescuing you, Lady Isabelle,’ Elarja said in a tense tone. ‘Your son is no longer the man you knew. He has become dangerous beyond containment. Soon he will become the highest-ranking Hex-Warlord to ever live!’
Isabelle slapped the face of the son of the First Nordic King, as she snapped at him, shouting; ‘Lies!’  
‘It is the truth, grandmother,’ Rayne said. ‘I did not want to believe it, but I have seen the future path my father will take. It is the road to madness and chaos.’
Isabelle watched as many of Rayne’s fellow Odin Children gathered about her. A number of them formed a Shield-Dome as Elarja pointed to the sky and shouted: ‘Pendral is about to attack!’
A bolt of crimson flame struck the Shield-Spells, burning claws clutching the dome as Elarja began to wield those legendary Time Stones. A flare of light blasting around them in many colours. Isabelle began to scream in a rage of denial! ‘My son would never harm me! He is trying to protect me!’ But through the translucent sphere Isabelle watched in horror as Pendral’s beam of energy spread outwards from the Shield-Dome. Waves of crimson flame frying men and women to vapour and dust in the wake of a madman’s wrath!

***
It was of course, a trap! Old Karbul had been surprisingly gentle and quiet at removing a number of those large iron doors. Adem and Jean, Janeanne, Tobin and Lydia along with Carl and their force of close to one hundred Forsaken and other wielders, had made their way down the winding pathways with stealth. The chamber entrance was high above the large spherical crystal that contained the main source of Komputah’s power. The journey took some time as they crept through the shadows, trying to remain out of sight of any Witch or Warlock guards on patrol during their descent.
Arawn, Math and Tanriel had taken down any guards in the same manner whenever a dark cloaked figure was spotted along the sloping stone pathways and staircases. They soon found out that Adem and Rayne’s earlier conflict in the Dream Realm had resulted in a warning being given. When they reached the bottom level to spring their surprise attack, hundreds of Witches and Warlocks used portals at the last moment. They also stepped into view from behind columns surrounding the crystal. Adem and his warriors were caught in an ambush. Witches and Warlocks leapt from the shadows: hurling thunderbolts from their fists. Adem’s small force of warriors, that were caught off guard, formed a defensive perimeter of Shield-Spells. Adem, Jean and Carl shouted the names of their Battle Angels at the same moment that Pendral appeared in a warp of crimson fire. Hovering above the circular paved floor with Balor towering behind him. The Corrupt Battle Angel linking with Pendral as they hurled an attack at Adem and Jean. Janeanne and Adem forming a Shield-Sphere of matter manipulation as bolts of crimson gripped the dome like the Devil’s Claw!
Arawn, Math Mathonwy and Tanriel appeared in the air surrounding Pendral and Balor. The Battle Angels hurling torrents of magical energies at the two enemy leaders in blazing bars. Pendral’s and Balor’s Shield-Spheres held firm, as Balor seemed to be drawing bolts of blue Elemental Magic out of the crystal sphere. Adem realised then that the Battle Angel intended to drain the crystal, effectively destroying it, but Angel-Magic would be Balor’s to use. Making him invincible against the other Battle Angels in their diminished state.
Pendral seemed to realise Balor’s intent, and the High-Servant stood shouting at Balor as he grew in size, swelling with Elemental Magic that coursed through his Angel Spirit.
Adem and Janeanne formed Golden Warriors in a ring around the defenders. Adem’s firing laser cannons as Janeanne’s hacked down nearby Warlocks with blades of burning light! Adem hated to see his daughter being responsible for the death of so many humans, but he knew the situation was desperate. He had temporarily also forsaken his own caution for his soul. Lasers cutting through the Shield-Spheres of Witches and Warlocks to slice bodies in two halves. It was a shocking horror to witness, even knowing they were evil. It was either kill or be killed!
He saw proof of his theory about Balor. The Battle Angel’s form became immense as Angel-Magic flowed into him. Soon he stood as a twenty-feet-tall figure. Horned metallic mask of a demon. Wings burning like pure gold, surrounded by glowing aqua flame. Pauldrons became the face of a golden eagle, and the head of a wolf of shadows. Eyes burning crimson with the corruption of the High-Jinn!
Adem turned the laser cannons upon the crystal sphere. Destroying it was the only hope that Balor’s Elemental Might did not increase any further! Forsaken took to battling the Witches and Warlocks. Firing Jinn-Spells from beyond the Shield-Domes. Even Jean was involved in the slaughter. Adem was loath to imagine what that might mean for her judgement day. 
Tobin and Lydia added Pixie Wardens and Emerald Lions to the bloodshed. Lions tearing through flesh and bone. Pixies causing Witch and Warlock bodies to explode on impact. Elemental Magic blasted through their Shield-Spheres to burst skulls like crushed grapes.
Janeanne sent her own Golden Soldiers charging up to surround the sphere: driving their glowing blades into the crystal. Energy surged within. Pools of blazing fire spreading from each point. Arawn, Math and Tanriel joined with them in this task—and suddenly Gwydion appeared, then Dis Pater, Druantia, Tamigol and Kohbahl, along with the new Battle Angel, Enserah: hurling Elemental Magic with vehemence. Joined in a Link, as Adem sensed that Wil and Hayley were now at the top of the chamber!—as the sphere began to glow white hot, the lasers melting through the crystal until it ruptured. Cracked. Roared. The crystal exploded with a raging force! Fragments flew throughout the chamber in glowing hot sparks.
Moments after the blast—that had damaged the roof and walls of the massive stone chamber, to the point that large cracks were now running through its surfaces—a large Portal-Spell opened. Wil and Hayley charged through with Forsaken and other warriors on horseback! Shaye Eagle-Soul was there also, along with his friends Ellagon and Ragan riding by his side. The reinforcements lashed out at the remaining Witches and Warlocks with Jinn-Magic but also Angel-Magic. Teron and terael now seeming to be fully restored!
Pendral vanished in a warp of air. Face twisted with outrage. His Shield-Spell had withheld any damage from the exploding sphere. Adem and his warriors had nearly been knocked off their feet from the blast despite their Shield-Domes holding! Balor roared with outrage. The Corrupt Angel launched into the air on his golden wings. Soaring up into the shadows to morph through the stone ceiling of the chamber. Arawn, Math, Tanriel, and Dis Pater flew up through the shadows in pursuit.
Shaye then linked with Carl—messages transferred by each of their Battle Angels to arrange the tactic—and a glowing Portal-Spell simply closed down on the entire gathering of warriors in the chamber. Witches and Warlocks staring in wonder before Adem and his companions escaped. Just as the roof began to collapse.

*** 
Dis Pater soared up through the caverns of the underground ruins, pursuing his Corrupt Brother.  Balor struck at Dis Pater with bolts of Elemental Magic. A combination of the raw ki’mera of stolen Angel-Magic, mixed with Jinn-Magic of his new Master.
Beside Dis Pater; Tanriel, Math Mathonwy and Arawn also flew up through the tunnels and caverns of stone. Each of them firing blasts of their own forms of Angel-Magic. Returned to them to a degree that they could at least intimidate the larger Battle Angel, if not defeat him.
Finally, they emerged through a circular slab of paved stones—after Dis Pater, Tanriel and Arawn had overtaken Balor with a burst of speed to the surface. Math Mathonwy grasped Balor by the boot, holding his heel to drag him back through the stone, each time Balor tried to break free—with ruins of the ancient city of Rolimbtorel rising in the distance. Watchtowers and other stone buildings shining in the light of the full moon.
Balor rose from the stone. Pools of magma bubbling through the paving as his massive form heaved to break free of Math’s grip. Tanriel threw a Flame Spear that erupted in sheets of orange flame. Surrounding Balor as Dis Pater flowed forwards. Golden axe gripped for an attack. Arawn circled round the back of Balor. Arawn and Dis Pater striking with waves of Underworld Flame. Balor roared with rage, but the attack did not seem to cause him any harm!
The next moment Dis Pater saw Balor’s massive fist crushing down upon his form. Dis Pater actually felt bones break! It was a sure sign of the fact that he had become almost mortal. It seemed now that he was even able to die.
As his spirit descended into the pits of Hellfire, Dis Pater was reminded of the fact that he had always been an Angel of the Underworld. He could never hope for a fate better than this one. He heard the voice of Jinn-Fendinn as he fell. DIS PATER, YOUR SOUL IS MINE!

***
When Arawn witnessed the death of his Brother, Dis Pater, he realised there was no stopping Balor. Stolen ki’mera of Komputah’s power source had created a monster, with powers far beyond their control. At that moment, Arawn, Tanriel and Math Mathonwy fled on wings of flame. Swooping over the landscape of ruins to return to Adem Highlander, Jean Fairsythe and Carl Wilder.
But the Sons and Daughter were not finished with their service. They were commanded to finish this demon army. Wil Martyr and his wife Hayley were unleashing their Battle Angels against the demon horde to the south. Gwydion releasing thousands of Pixie Wardens that punched through demon chests, caused skulls to explode in fire and ash. Druantia added her Green Men and Tree Wardens to the massacre. Giant sentinels of wood and vines stomping demons into dust. Trees bored like moles through the underground, reaching up with gaping wooden maws to devour demons in savage gulps.
The Battle Angel Enserah was wielding white lightning on the southern battlefield, blasting Souljhin and Jacoulra in pillars of flame. Kohbahl and Tamigol joined their Battle Angel Link, as waves of flame and coloured lightning bolts blasted the enemies into vapour, congealed flesh and burning bone ash. The battle there was nearly done!
Arawn, Math and Tanriel focused their Power on the northern horde. Joining the Battle Angel Link with those on the northern field. A raging tornado reaching down from a grey vortex in the sky, bolts of lightning striking the northern field burning amber, aqua, emerald, crimson, and mauve. Angel-Magic was returning to the world via the destruction of the crystal sphere. The result was Angels wreaking destruction upon the demons below.
Arawn swooped upon the northern field. Sword hacking wildly with Math watching his back. Blade and Hellfire Spear unleashing torrents of Shadow Flame twenty ranks deep. Burning Boli-Kuldr flesh to congealed masses. Nymloc and Jacoulra bursting into glowing hot ashes. Slicing through the closest ranks with speed and ease—Arawn’s Lions and Math’s Hounds charging through the ranks to shred through bone and chomp demon flesh in dark sprays of blood—as thousands fell in their wake. Rage over his Brother’s death ate away at Arawn’s ancient soul. He wished to wreak vengeance upon all servants of evil. Yet when he saw Balor’s golden wings circling in the dark night sky, Arawn was truly afraid!

***
Adem watched as Balor swooped from the sky to crash against the large Shield-Dome thrown up by a link between hundreds of Forsaken Alit’aren and Ael Tarael. Fortified by Adem and Janeanne’s Matter-Manipulation-Shields. The Battle Angel slammed his fist against the translucent glowing surface. Cracks immediately began to spread through the dome. Adem could see the Shield-Spells would not hold!
He formed Golden Soldiers surrounding the Shield-Dome: firing laser cannons at Balor’s massive form. The lasers seemed incapable of causing him any damage. The Corrupt Angel continuing to bash at the dome with vehement rage!
A flare of crimson appeared higher above Balor, and Adem saw that it was Pendral! The next moment over a dozen dark robed figures appeared in the sky. High-Servants and Hex-Keepers!
Adem was about to give up hope, as beams of light flew from the fists of the hovering dark robed figures. Then … the blasts froze, before hitting the fields of warriors below. A sphere of coloured light blazed within the dome close by Adem’s horse. He realised at that moment also that time had been frozen completely. Except Jean and Carl were awake and able to move. They gazed around in awe before their eyes fell upon Elarja RinHannen, standing in a circle of warrior men and women—and Adem immediately sensed the presence of immense forms of Angel-Magic radiating from their glowing weapons—but he also saw his grandson there, along with a woman he thought he would never see again. It was Isabelle! She was alive!
Rayne Dragon-Sword drew his blade and aimed it at the sky. A bolt of brilliant blue light shot forth from the weapon to light up the night sky. Flares of colour and a roar of thunder in frozen time. The other warriors in Rayne’s company did the same. Thunderbolts of colour flew upwards from their weapons. Adem sensed the Elemental Magic of the world increase a hundredfold!
Time slowly returned, and Adem looked to the skies to see a massive glowing shadow wielding an axe of amber fire. He realised then that this was Dis Pater, only much larger and more powerful. Evidently released from a Resting Point of one of Rayne’s warrior companions. The enormous Battle Angel swooped to boot Balor flying into the distance!
Odin appeared in the sky! Eyes of white flame with a flowing beard of glowing frost. Golden winged helmet and armour of crimson and emerald. The First Born was immense in the night sky. Bolts of blue flame rained down upon the demon fields. True Bolt-Rain, as thunder roared and over a thousand blazing blue bolts of burning bright lightning filled the sky in a cosmic electric glow. Dozens of bolts striking Pendral, and the other High-Servants and Generals hovering in the sky—their blasts of the Jinn deflected by Angel-Shields, saving the lives of hundreds of warriors—and these enemies quickly fled in warps of crimson flame! They were saved! Adem knew that if Rayne had not arrived at this moment, they would have surely been annihilated by such a force.
Adem sensed and saw the size and might of their own Battle Angels increase dramatically. Every Angel that had fought on the northern and southern field became at least ten times their former size. Appearing in the sky alongside Odin Lightning-Lord; their Elemental Magic blasted the enemy fields in bolts of coloured flame. Shadow Hounds, Fire Lions, Flame Crows and Pixie Wardens appeared by the thousands. Taking down demons in blazes of light, explosions and eruptions that blasted, melted, incinerated flesh and bone into dust, slag, ashes, and vapour. Adem’s forces roared with a hope of victory!
Adem was desperate to leap from the saddle to rush to Isabelle’s side. He saw her earnest glee at their reunion, knowing the time for her had been infinitely longer. He saw Jean’s scowl of disapproval, and so he waited just a little longer. Then dread filled his heart as another dark shadow appeared in the night sky. A cloaked figure that bent down over the warriors to reveal a skull of pure white bone beneath the cowl. Eyes of burning crimson-gold. It was the Angel of Death!
Calliach raised a white bone claw, pointing a finger down at both Rayne and Isabelle. ‘Rayne Dragon-Sword made me a deal! His quest is now completed, and so his soul must return to the realm of spirits. This woman should never have been brought back from her fated death. So, she shall return to death also. My Power is now restored to that of the days of Old Magic. There are none who can oppose me now. It is done!’ In that moment, Adem shouted in terror as he watched his grandson and his dearly beloved fall down as if their souls had been ripped free from living flesh! His cry was just a scream of pain and anguish, but in his mind,  he screamed the words: Isabelle! No! I can’t lose you again!

***
Jean felt real pain to see her biggest competitor put down by the Angel of Death. Despite the tension that had always been between them, it still didn’t seem right, or fair at all! She felt terrible anguish brewing in Adem’s heart and soul. Darkness and fire returning. Shadows creeping in. The threat of madness taking hold once more. She hoped there was something she could do to restore his faith, his courage, and his will to live. Right now, that seemed a hopeless dream.
Then suddenly she had an idea, as she turned to Orion to ask, ‘Are the Heroes of the Harp ready to return to battle, Lord General?’
Orion appeared just as shocked by the scene they had just witnessed. Everything had happened so fast. Lightning continued to hail upon the fields of demons. The Battle Angels would handle this without need of the Heroes of Will. Then, as if Orion understood, with a raised dark brow he replied, ‘Yes. They are ready, Daughter of Thor.’ He then plucked three strings of the Harp, after lifting the sacred relic out of the leather sack tied to his saddle. A rupture of space sounded out at each strum. Vibrations like the wail of ancient ghosts filled the air. Raw magic could be sensed in their natural environment. Limestone, calcium, copper, and rust. Earth, water, ashes, and dust. A hallowing horn sounded! Blankets of fog flowed across the fields, surrounding Jean and all those that stood around her. Thunder roared enough to make a corpse writhe. The fog billowing to the north and south, forming tunnels at each end. Heroes of Will charged onto the fields, flowing out of the tunnels of fog like Wraith Riders. This time not only two hundred riders, but closer to five hundred. Horses of pale moonlight and glimmering shadows appeared close to Adem and Jean’s horse. Then Jean understood why.
Before them was Jothar Kelderath. Armoured in gold on a starlight horse. Beside him was Kenen, who had died to save Jean’s life. Also, young Ron, and dear darling Del! The two Seidr’tera had been murdered by High-Servants, while trying to protect Isabelle, a thousand years before. It seemed the return of the Old Ways had allowed the Great Cycle to choose more Heroes of Will. Some that she knew, others that were only known to legend. She smiled gladly when her eyes fell upon Rayne Dragon-Sword, riding a stallion dark as shadows, resplendent in aqua cuirass and pauldrons over tightly bound starlight garments. Beside him rode Isabelle the Ruhalden Princess. She looked glorious in dark-emerald armour and a golden tiara set with shining diamonds. Moonlight Lukrorian Bow rising from her Aldebrand cloak. Jean looked to where Rayne and Isabelle had fallen, to see now only piles of burning ash. The Harp had summoned them back from the dead. They were Heroes of Will. Her plan had worked! Though pain scorched Adem once more. She wished again there were more she could do.
‘Do not despair, Adem Highlander, dearly beloved,’ Isabelle said in a surprisingly cool calm tone. ‘I serve a greater purpose now. I shall be your sword and shield when evil threatens. It is pleasing to me, to now be one who holds such limitless power.’
Jean saw tears forming in Adem’s eyes as Rayne Dragon-Sword spoke, ‘Death made me a deal grandfather. Now I have paid that debt. I am sorry I could not return my grandmother to be by your side. I know how truly special she was to you.’
Jean suddenly felt a stab of jealousy returning. ‘Yes, yes, there will be time for talk later! You are Heroes of Will now. Show us your strength upon the battlefield, so that you may make a name for yourselves, amongst those that have fought for the All-Father a thousand times over.’
Isabelle grinned at those words, before she replied, ‘But we are your personal bodyguards, Lady Jean. Those you see here will be with you until the end. We shall not let the enemy harm a single hair upon your heads.’
Jean saw the truth of those words when Terese and Arig approached on horses of shadows. Emanating magic of the Harp like silver lined clouds.
‘That is very reassuring,’ Jean said with a smile of embarrassment. ‘Let’s clean up this mess. I hope to God daylight returns when we do!’

***
Adem watched as Odin and the other Battle Angels changed tactics. Odin hurling down massive spears that gleamed like burning crystal. As each spear impacted with earth, domes of white fire ruptured within the demon ranks. Frying flesh to cinders as other Angels caused the earth to erupt in waves of blistering Angel-Fire and exploding stone. Vanquishing the better part of the northern horde with ease.
Tanriel added her Flame Spears to the massacre. Sheets of bright orange flame blasting from the weapons as they planted their tips in the earth. Incinerating demon flesh and bone. Turning bodies to congealed corpses or glowing ash floating on the breeze.
Green Men thudded their wooden heels to hammer demons into the earth. Shadow Hounds the size of Demonwolves charged through the enemy ranks, tearing down Jacoulra and Boli-Kuldr with enormous Fire Lions at their side. Shredding flesh and bone in spatters of dark blood!
The Heroes of Will morphed between the lightning and fire, hacking down Nymloc and Souljhin riders with glowing steel and arrows of flame, or blasts of Elemental Magic unleashed from enchanted spears that spoke of the return of the Old Ways. Ancient might of Battle Angels fuelling their force. They brought the spirits of animals with them also. Stags, bears, cougars, and lions of burning light. Tigers, even elephants stomping demon skulls charged the flanks of the northern horde—with hawks, falcons and eagles of burning light diving from the skies to punch through demon skulls in explosions of blood and flames—it was another sign of the Great Angel Magic that was resonating and emanating in flickering pulses. Cosmic blasts of energy tearing through the heavens!
Arawn, Math, Dis Pater and Llew Llaw Gyffes, returned to sizes more familiar to Adem. Compacting their Old Ways might into smaller forms, they swooped down upon the northern horde on wings of flame and shadows. Arawn hacked through skulls and torsos with his seven feet long crimson blade. Cleaving bodies down the centre, slicing off limbs in a furious frenzy. Hellfire launched from the weapon: burning deeper ranks into ashes.
Math had Arawn’s back, unleashing waves of Hellfire as Shadow Hounds launched from his form. Tearing down demons with vehement rage. Dis Pater hacked through flesh and bone in dark sprays, Llew guarding his back. His amethyst blade was the largest of the four, cutting demon ranks in half as blasts of violet flame vanquished hundreds more. Incinerating the enemy twenty ranks deep. 
The Vikings could not resist such an opportunity, and soon they were charging alongside the Heroes of Will, with the Hardark Rohn mortals close behind. Thunder of hooves filled the air as the brave warriors roared with bloodlust, hacking, and slaying with ferocity close to madness, but it was the frenzied glory of imminent victory that drove them into such a state.
The Forsaken and other wielders on foot on the front lines—as well as the Dark Elf Archers and other Aldebrands and Lukrorian Bow wielders—began to harness Angel-Magic, now fully restored. It was a way to avoid the terrible effects of the Jinn. A form of magic that would eventually drive them mad, but for now it was like bathing in ice and fire. Washing and burning away the impurities of the Jinn’s vile corruption.
The result was a mass of wielders revelling in the glory of teron and terael, as they unleashed blasts of coloured flame and bolts of lightning from their fists. Striking down the front ranks that remained of the northern horde. Sending waves of inferno into deeper ranks as crazed demons scrambled in terror to escape the onslaught. Some added lightning bolts from the skies to mix with the thousands of Angel-Bolts that fell like burning swords. Blasting Fists of Boli-Kuldr and other large demons by the dozen with every strike. Bodies were ripped apart by Angel-Magic. Fire erupted from their flesh as bodies collapsed, skulls exploding with flames blasting from eye sockets. Nymloc and Jacoulra reduced to burning ashes; raging conflagrations swept over their forms like wraiths of flame.
Adem and Jean gave some assistance on the southern field. Adem summoning Golden Soldiers to slice through Rahkwel and Nymloc with red laser beams thick as his wrist. Bodies bursting in dark sprays as torsos were cut in half, limbs and skulls flying in the wake of his destruction. Jean was harnessing terael to unleash waves of Angel-Magic in blazing sheets that incinerated flesh and bone. Rahkwel armour to melted to slag; bodies bursting into glowing dust.
Carl and Janeanne added Warrior Priests—ten feet tall Spirit Wardens of crimson flame, wielding burning spears with the Holy Cross blazing at the tip—and more Golden Samurai, hacking through demons with blazing laser blades.
Orion and Elmira focused their Golden Tigers and Flame Leopards on the northern ranks, while Tobin and Lydia unleashed more Emerald Lions and Pixie Wardens to join the killing fields. Tigers and Lions biting off skulls and chomping through innards with horrid gulps. Pushing goblins to the ground to rip off an arm or tear out their throats. Pixies punching through breastplates to burn holes right through the enemy. They fell to their knees; amber eyes glaring in shocked agony.
Suddenly there was a gleam of light on the horizon—Hayley forming Portal-Magic for her vampires to leap through, taking them to a darkened forest by the look of it—as the sun began to rise. As if driven to catch up on lost time. First a golden ball amidst crimson rays forming a line through the darkness. Then the sun rose higher as the first light of a new day fell onto the fields. The demon army began to scatter, fleeing northward in hope of reaching a Travelling Gate before the sun fried Nymloc and Jacoulra flesh to ash. Boli-Kuldr running dazed from the glare of the sunlight in their eyes.
The Battle Angels continued to harry the demon army as they fled, both to the north and what remained of the Rahkwel hordes to the southeast. Adem was certain they had won this battle. It was nearly time to go home. 
But something else happened that both terrified Adem and also filled him with hope. When he turned to face Orion; he saw that the former King was holding two halves of the now broken Harp. Some incredible force of the Battle Angel presence resulting in the destruction of the sacred relic!
Yet the Heroes of Will did not vanish into thin air. Instead they became more solid. Glimmer of ghostly powers beginning to fade, as the two columns of riders from the north and south side gathered together before Adem and his friends. He realised then that the Heroes had become flesh and blood!
He looked to Isabelle to see her eyes shining with delight. Looking so fragile and innocent she reminded him of when they first met, although the woman was so much older now, and likely so much wiser. He would have to be careful how he reacted, though he knew Jean sensed the joy swelling in his heart. He felt her jealousy rise in response.
Then the shadow of Calliach appeared in the morning sky, as the Angel of Death spoke the words, ‘I may have spoken too soon, Rayne Dragon-Sword. It seems there is still one who can oppose my will, and that is Lord Odin. 
‘Odin has granted the Heroes of the Harp another chance to live. Our bargain is now paid in full. I will no longer interfere. 
‘Yet know this, Rayne Dragon-Sword, if in the next time you die, Elarja RinHannen snatches you back from the grave, I will return you there swiftly. There will be no further bargains. You will have nowhere to hide.’ The words were spoken as an explicit promise. 
Calliach spoke again to say: ‘You know the doom your life will bring to Kismeria, Rayne Dragon-Sword, for you have foreseen it. Yet Odin has decided to bring you back for reasons I cannot understand. Perhaps the only reason is so that this woman,’ and Death pointed at Isabelle, ‘could return to flesh and bone to be beside her lover. I know of the darkness that grows in the heart of Adem Highlander, yet he must not fail us.’
The other Battle Angels had already returned to their Resting Points. Adem also sensed their raw forms of Angel-Magic returning to the earth, sea, sky, and forests of the lands. The Old Ways were returning. The enemy had reasons to be fearful. 
Adem summoned Shienden to come down out of the clouds and reveal himself once more. It was time to start a party!
But Hayley Martyr had more urgent business, and so their forces prepared for another battle, to save her Martyr Coven.

Chapter 20


Betrayal

The demon army had fled when Hayley and Highlander’s forces arrived at the Hive, leaping there by large Portal-Spells. The city was burning in many places. She began to fear the worst. Fears confirmed by one of her still faithful Coven werewolves, that her Vampire General, Larg Keledren, had betrayed them!
Larg had secretly held control over a large portion of her entire Coven, and when Hayley left the city, Larg tried to open the gates to allow the demons to enter the Hive. Her remaining faithful Coven warriors had stormed the inner gates and taken control of that side of the city, along with defenders on the smaller gates to prevent Larg from further betrayal.
Yet her trusted Coven General had then set the city aflame, trying to burn her faithful followers into ashes. Without Angel-Magic and without sufficient rest even the vampire wielders had difficulty containing the spread of fires. Many had died, trapped in buildings where the flames spread too quickly, for without human blood vampires could not fly either. 
This resulted in the loss of many faithful Coven warriors. Most of her Vampire Guard had died storming the gates to defeat those working for Larg. Her Martyr Coven of tens of thousands had been reduced to less than five hundred. As well as just over a thousand survivors of the recent battle, that remained hidden in the Oak Wood, and perhaps one hundred and fifty werewolves. Jinn-Fendinn had cut down a major hope of winning at the Ragnarök Battle. Hayley began to fume with vitriol, wishing General Larg’s neck were being crushed between her fingers.
Larg and his followers had fled during the long-lasting darkness, perhaps flying to the East Lands, or the Southlands if they had taken human victims—Druantia and the other Angels could not track people long distance unless they were joined to them via the kigare—or else they might have had assistance from a High-Servant to flee through the nearby Travelling Gate. 
Whatever the case, Larg had demolished the army she had worked for a thousand years to build. She felt even greater sorrow as she pictured the faces of so many friends that had perished in these fires, likely now judged by the Lord, and sent to the Underworld. Hayley had hoped she could one day release them of their curse, in the hope of assuring their salvation.

*** 
Adem stood gazing at the burning walls and buildings of the Hive, or former Nordhel, when Isabelle pushed up beside him. Her dark eyes gleaming before she held him in a tight embrace, her lips pressing against his own. Adem knew Jean was watching with scorn, though he did not pull away. He was too caught up in the joy of having Isabelle back. He felt her kiss telling him how long she had waited for his return, the only other woman he had ever truly loved.
But he broke away when he heard music all around. He opened his eyes to see many of the female Battle Angels gathered in the skies, surrounding Jean who stood holding her pale mare by the reins. Her face a mask of calm control, as the Daughter of Thor began to sing in a beautiful voice that was enhanced and backed up by her Battle Angels with a cool melodic rhythm. 
‘Adem Highlander, you are so bold,
The greatest story to ever be told,’
‘Your eyes are blue; your hair is brown,
The people of Kismeria should give you a crown,’
‘I love you with all my heart and soul,
My love for you will never grow old,’
‘You fight the Shadow with lightning and fire,
You are my hero, my heart’s true desire,’
The rhythm and feel of the music changed with her tone, as her face turned very sad, and she sang,
‘But you stone me, with your ever-changing words,
I try to see the sense of it but then you make it hurt,’
‘You keep telling me that we are meant to be forever,
But I can’t even understand why we are still together,’
‘I don’t know of any other way that I can even try,
Because each time I want the truth, all you do is lie,
And so, begins the time when I am telling you goodbye,’

‘And if one day you come to me and say we should be friends,
And that you’re now so different and you’ll try to make amends,’
‘I will look at you and ask you slowly ‘Why?’
And I know your answer will only make me cry,’
‘I’m sure you still believe there is a chance to love each other,
But in the case of Isabelle, there will always be another,
And what just makes it worse for me; is that she’s Pendral’s mother!’
The music and colours in the sky ended in the crescendo of her fury, and Adem felt truly sorry for his actions. He watched Jean walking away; calling over her shoulder, ‘I’ll be at Red River!’
‘Do you think you’ll be safe?’ Adem asked, knowing it was not a time to immediately follow. He had seen these kinds of temper tantrums before, and this was the worst yet.
Jean kept walking as she shouted, ‘I have Tanriel!’ A beam of pure energy flowed into her Lukrorian Bow as she continued on, and she turned back to add, ‘And Anwen now too! And my daughter! Janeanne, we’re leaving!’ 
Adem watched as Janeanne followed leading her own horse on foot. Lydia and Elmira began to follow on horseback, glancing back to draw their husbands in tow. He wanted to follow, but he sent a large force of warriors to join them instead. A large Portal-Spell opened via Carl and Shaye’s link. He did not believe this was going to end well.
Kenen, Kelderath, Ron and Del followed quickly after, as well as Terese, of course, but seeing Arig Flame-Bow join them hurt Adem the most!
Isabelle beamed at him before she whispered, ‘Let it be, my darling one.’
Adem sighed before he responded with: ‘She is my wife, Isabelle. Jean is my wife.’
 Isabelle’s face turned cold with dread, as she gazed up at him in puzzlement and asked, ‘You married the Daughter of Thor?’ Adem could only nod, moments before her soft little hand slapped his face, hard! Turning on her heel, Isabelle followed the procession led by Jean. Evidently, Isabelle was now taking Jean’s side!
So, Adem realised, this is how it is going to be.
Shienden, follow them. Make sure they are not harmed! The great dragon roared as it returned to the skies. The portal was not large enough for him anyway, so Shienden would take the long way home. But the dragon would scout for Adem along the way; sending warning if there was any threat approaching Red River before Adem returned.
Before she stepped into the Portal-Magic Jean shouted the name: ‘Tarz!’ And her High Lord General stepped into line with a large host of his Forsaken warriors close behind. Evidently Adem was losing friends fast.

***
Carl was in no way amused by the scene he had just witnessed. The conflict between Adem and Jean felt acutely by Carl due to their kigare link. The time had come to attempt Healing-Magic on Adem’s terrible scar however, and so, with a number of tents being pitched on the fields surrounding Old Nordhel, Carl prepared to work a little magic to try to save his friend.
It was possible now that Angel-Magic was restored. He could create the necessary Angel-Magic to at least make the attempt, and with Math Mathonwy’s surge in Old Ways Magic, he thought it might be possible to undo what Pendral had created with Jinn-Fendinn’s Magic.
He worked long into the night as Adem rested, with Wil and Hayley seated in the tent, watching over him with concerned expressions the entire day and night. Adem’s eyes flickered now and then, but mostly he slept while Carl worked flows of teron through his flesh and spirit. Trying to identify a method of removing the scar and its debilitating capacities. 
He did not succeed. Close to early morning he decided that he too must rest, so he made his way to a pallet with blankets at the far corner of the tent. His attempts to fall asleep quickly were delayed by his troubled mind, a growing fear that Adem’s scar may be something that even Carl could never cure completely.
Carl had bought his friend some time, however. Time to live, and to consider new ways of dealing with a curse that was so draining and so deadly. When sleep finally came, Carl experienced a repeated nightmare of standing and looking over Adem’s grave, saying prayers and weeping at the loss of his closest friend. That friendship forged on a night of evil terrors, when Adem had reminded Carl to be strong in the Light. A night so long ago; at Bright.

*** 

Elarja listened to a number of Heroes of Will, and several mortal and immortal warriors that had lived as wielders for the past seven hundred years or more. They related a tale that brought the word ‘tragedy’ to Elarja’s mind.
The Heroes related what they could remember of Elarja’s brother Lenk. During the centuries following the ancient past, after Elarja had told Lord Tallamon to give the Nordic throne to Allon, who was not next in line by right of birth. The result was Lenk turned savage, and eventually wicked, becoming the first of the High-Servants. Remaining in the shadows whenever possible, though the Heroes related terrible tales of his nasty work, including the assassination of all of Elarja’s remaining brothers, yet the Nordics that survived his demon attacks would never hand over the crown to Lenk the Betrayer.
Elarja soon learnt from the warriors of this Age that Lenk was believed to still be alive, serving second in command to Pendral. It was a devastating and irreparable result of Elarja’s meddling with the timelines. He realised then that he would one day have to face his brother and kill him for his treachery. 
Rescuing Isabelle had resulted in Pendral turning to the Shadow much sooner, after he levelled Rayne’s home city of Valmeron to the ground, turning it to rubble and ash. Tens of thousands of men, women and children were slaughtered to satisfy Pendral’s feelings of betrayal. This was yet another tragedy for which the blame was clearly attributable to Elarja and the Time Stones.
Rayne’s absence from the battle where Pendral would have murdered his son, resulted in even greater slaughter of a vast Army of the All-Father. The fact that Rayne’s friends, Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan had survived that bloodbath was testament to the resilience of Children of Odin. Many more of their kind had perished at that battle that reportedly very quickly became a massacre, without Rayne and Tohka Reiden to defend the people from Pendral’s wrath.
This new knowledge formed a schism in Elarja’s mind. His former self began to remember this new history, as he had learnt it when travelling to the past prior to the past being altered. This was always a rough ride for the mind. Visions clashed between what had been, and what now was. Elarja knew that this split of consciousness would be infecting the entire world to a degree. It was what Adem Highlander so often referred to as a horrific mind muddle! It was further evidence of the Rift growing in space and time, via Jinn-Magic on teron infecting Elarja and the Time Stones.
There was one reason to be relieved however, if only for Elarja’s sake. His father, the First Nordic King; was now released from the Harp of Odin. He was able to move about as a being of flesh and bone once more. This was appeasing to the pain Elarja had felt to watch his father die a second time. He considered then that it may be necessary for Rodin Cloud-Walker to wreak vengeance upon his son, Lenk the Betrayer. Elarja was not certain he was up to the task on his own.

***
Adem woke in the middle of the day to find Elarja RinHannen and his father Rodin Cloud-Walker standing at his bedside. Carl, Wil, and Hayley were seated along the tent walls looking up at him cheerfully when he managed to sit upright. The scar was still giving him pain, and he felt drained of energy, although he guessed he had slept the better part of two days.
Elarja and Rodin detailed the events that had been altered in the timelines as a result of Elarja’s most recent mission. Adem weighed up the cost with the benefits as if they were apples and oranges being traded at the market. The losses were in some cases extreme, yet if every life lost could be considered a sacrifice for the battle they had just won, it still seemed worth it somehow. The main reason he could believe this was that he was quite certain Elarja and Rayne had saved them from the possibility of time ending completely.
The return of Old Ways Magic had apparently broken Jinn-Fendinn’s grip on the cycle of days and nights. Komputah’s power source was also destroyed, giving Angel-Magic of teron and terael back to the wielders of Kismeria. 
Carl later explained that he was unable to remove the scar Pendral had given Adem, though his friend insisted that, ‘It will work in your favour now, sometimes. You will sense when Pendral is close. In time you will learn to use the scar to drain Pendral of physical strength, and in that way the negatives have been reversed. But there will be times when Pendral can use it against you. I fear, if we cannot remove it completely, the debilitating nature of your scar could become fatal.’
Adem tried to pretend it did not matter, but his old fear of facing eternal damnation chewed holes through his heart. A darkness of despair upon his psyche. He was not afraid to die, but he did not want to return to Hell.
As he lay back against the pillows supporting his back and shoulders, Adem listened to the terrible tale told in parts by both Wil and Hayley, of the fate of their daughter Enserah, resulting in her now being one of their shared Battle Angels. Adem did not know how to relate his feelings of compassion for their loss. He had no words, other than to say: ‘I’m sorry for you both. Truly I am. I’m so sorry.’ 
Adem noted the darkness in Wil’s eyes, but also burning in his heart and soul also via the kigare. The madness was getting to him too, and the loss of Enserah had to be the main cause. Finally, Wil spoke the words, ‘I hope you know, Adem, if the chance is mine, I will kill your son for what he has done to us. I will murder Pendral!’
Adem stared wide eyed at his friend as he replied, ‘I will too. I promise.’

***
Jean began the preparations for Adem’s return as soon as they arrived at Red River. A party to celebrate their victory, but also a second surprise birthday party for their daughter—hopefully one that was not invaded by Boli-Kuldr—as Jean knew this was just as her husband would have wanted things to be for his arrival. A scene of peace and happiness, joy, and harmony to cherish a moment without conflict before they faced the next great confrontation thrown their way.
It seemed Jean could not escape her new shadow, however. Isabelle had become her doting doe eyed servant, though the Hero of Will insisted she was still Jean’s personal bodyguard. She seemed to be taking this role even more seriously than Terese Sapphire-Sword of late!
Something had changed in the woman. Jean guessed it was the knowledge that Jean and Adem were married. Apparently, those were grounds that Isabelle was not willing to cross, and so her days of interfering were at an end, for now at least.
Every time Jean looked over her shoulder, she saw Isabelle standing there, smiling at her warmly. A paradox of eternal youthful personality mixed with the wisdom and depth of a ghost made flesh. She would be stronger now too, Angel-Magic of a Hero flowed through her veins. Plus, the fact that she was immortal blood, and for those reasons Jean was unsure whether she should be relieved or perhaps a little nervous.
Janeanne was more than happy to remain under the careful watch of Orion and Elmira, Tobin, and Lydia, which was a blessing to Jean’s heart to know that her daughter had been raised by such wise and noble beings. She was certain some of their sense of honour and duty would have rubbed off on Janeanne. Just thinking of all the years Jean had missed out on, watching her daughter grow from a child into a woman, was heartbreaking! She wished more than anything that she could reverse time and be there to raise her daughter, as any mother would always want.
She did not want to cause more schisms and ripples in the already frayed timelines, however. She would leave such disastrous scheming in the hands of Elarja and whatever fool men decided to listen to his dreams. Those relayed memories via the Rift were playing their part in Jean’s mind also. Visions of what was, played over what had been, memories that were real, but it was a blending of virtually two dimensions. Multiple timelines colliding as a result of Elarja’s incessant meddling with fate. 
The Time Strider had provided her a victory this time however, and she would surely feel obliged to thank him for it. When the time was right.

***

Adem arrived at Red River with his grandson, Rayne, walking at his side. They emerged from Portal-Magic created by Carl and Shaye, linked with a number of Forsaken Alit’aren to make it large enough for their forces to pass through quickly. The village was a scene of mayhem, as Nordic and Torvellen men and women rushed to-and-fro, laying cloths on long tables lined end-to-end on the village green. Rolling barrels of wine or ale. Polishing glass mugs or goblets to set at every seat. Sunlight beginning to fade, the glow of coloured lanterns bringing a sense of warm joy to his heart.
He placed Rayne on his right side at the head of the table, with Jean and Janeanne to his left. Wil and Hayley sat alongside Rayne’s lover, Rievenna, who sat beside Rayne to his right, Carl and Elarja further along, with Isabelle, Terese and Arig beside Janeanne, leaving just enough room for Tobin and Lydia on one end, Orion and Elmira on the other.
As music filled the air, along with Nordic female singers in high chanting melodies, joined by the deep rhythms of Torvellen males, Adem began to relax for a while. He drank a pint of spiced apple cider, chewed on a duck leg, and listened to his grandson relate the tale of their adventure to the ancient past. Stories of terrifying encounters with demons of old, but Adem particularly liked hearing about Druantia’s Children, and the Giants and other companions that had joined them on their quest. Particularly Little Grom, the description of which reminded Adem of an adventure of his own, that seemed now long ago. On the quest to find the Heart of Odin, and a cure to save Jean from a terrible sleeping curse. It was also in that strange realm that Carl first discovered and rescued Elarja RinHannen, without whom their story would now be at an end. It was thoughts like those that made Adem consider the word destiny.
It was at that moment of thought that Adem said to Rayne, ‘Pendral is without a doubt the strongest out of the three of us. With this scar he gave me; I am beginning to think my days are numbered.’ Rayne looked his way with a troubled expression, before Adem continued to say, ‘But we must find a way to defeat him. That or figure out a way to eliminate his meddling ways before it’s too late.’
‘What do you suggest, grandfather?’ Rayne asked.
‘What if we recruited him?’
‘Recruit Pendral? Grandfather! How?  I mean, when? If you intercept him too far back in time, I will cease to exist entirely!’
‘Not that far back. Just at a point where we can still reason with him. Appeal to the good that remains a part of him. We could use him. Find out things no one else knows. We could change the past. What do you think?’
‘It would change everything! There would be no High Lord General of the High-Servants. No betrayal by Pendral. No history of his bloodshed.’
‘Exactly,’ Adem replied with a sneaky grin.
‘What you propose is more than dangerous,’ Rayne said respectfully, though Adem noted the strain in his tone.
‘Yes, well, it was just a thought,’ Adem replied. ‘It is something to consider, for another time.’ 


Epilogue

Demonfist

Pendral was fuming with vitriol to have been defeated by his father, and his son! If only Pendral could learn the secret to bending time. Pendral could manipulate the timelines in his favour, achieving victory for his Master.
He could use Jinn-Fendinn’s growing hold over the timelines to his advantage however, as he fought back against the troublesome Elarja RinHannen and his leaping through time like he thought himself some kind of god. The man made Pendral completely irate!
The change of tactics was beginning to take shape. Pendral would use greater force to drive this game of mohrthra’daeghal into a winning streak. He would use the other Hex-Warlords and the Hex-Keepers as his main attacking force, realising now that demons were only a delaying tactic. Especially against the Battle Angels in their current form. The Old Ways were returning, but this would mean a gradual increase in the Magic of Jinn-Fendinn, and so too his servants of the Shadow.
Pendral had succeeded in a number of ways that could not be undone. Firstly, the death of Enserah Martyr had begun the Dark Prophecy that spoke of the fall of the Wolf. Corruption now grew in the heart of Wil Martyr. It would eventually lead him to join forces with Pendral.
Adem Highlander’s scar had been somehow repaired to a degree by the miraculous Carl Wilder. Advantages Highlander had gained from this made Pendral a little nervous, but the wound could not be cured completely. Eventually the scar would drain Highlander of all strength and will. He would bend his knee to the High-Jinn, or he would die. 
The Ragnarök Battle was fast approaching, but Pendral had already set up many such pitfalls to hinder the success of the Sons and Daughter. Ultimately, when Jinn-Fendinn escaped his prison, Pendral would be waiting to receive rewards for his years of faithful service. With these new forms of Angel-Magic and Jinn-Magic, Koriken Demonfist would annihilate his enemies. Driving them into shallow graves, as he wreaked his final vengeance upon Kismeria. Bringing about the end of time itself! 
As the dark cloaked forms of Hex-Warlords and Hex-Keepers began to appear within the obsidian chamber, Pendral prepared new plans and tactics to disable, weaken and destroy the Armies of the All-Father. Sly as a fox they had once called him. They were not wrong. Savage as a wolf with the rage of a dragon. Koriken Demonfist was a conduit of corruption and flames.

The End of the Fourth Book of the Sons of Odin.


Book Five
 
of the 

Sons of Odin

Dis Pater’s Rage

Angel-Magic Edition

L. A. Hammer

Copyright 2020 L.A. Hammer.

Published by L.A. Hammer at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition Licence Notes

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the copyright owner.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Cover artwork, maps, and interior illustrations by Minh Nguyen – flare3103


For my dearest, Mother,
Without her, there would be no me.


10 There shall not be among you anyone that maketh his son or his daughter to pass through the fire, or that useth divination, or an observer of times, or an enchanter, or a witch. 11 Or a charmer, or a consulter with familiar spirits, or a wizard, or a necromancer.
12 For all that do these things are an abomination unto the Lord: and because of these abominations the Lord thy God doth drive them out from before thee. 
13 Thou shalt be perfect with the Lord thy God.
Holy Bible – Deuteronomy 18:10-13 - Authorised King James Version
13 You must be blameless before the Lord your God.
Holy Bible – Deuteronomy 18:13 - New International Version


Prologue

A Dutiful Son


Pendral sat on his reading stool, looking over his studies in the ancient Lore of Kismeria. The books were not especially old, as Pendral was aware of the destruction of most Kismerian libraries early on in the Age of Chaos, a year or more before he was born. These books were amongst some of those that had been salvaged from the flames of Hex-Warlords. Studies in medicine, Healing-Magic, as well as using teron and terael as weapons.
Pendral was particularly interested in the studies of healing mental illness with herbs and potions. It was something his father, Adem Highlander, had set for him as his studies years ago during one of his visits. Pendral was only four years old at the time, but his mother Isabelle had already taught him writing words and counting numbers. With his father’s instruction, Pendral set about the task of finding a cure for the Schism of highly concentrated Jinn-Magic within teron, and the corruption of a vampire curse upon terael.
Pendral had celebrated his seventh name day only five weeks past, and although his father had not been able to make it to the feast day, he had visited Pendral in his chambers that evening, giving him a very special gift. It was the sword that Adem Highlander had wielded before Pendral was born. A blue glowing blade infused with teron and ki’mera, that once housed Battle Angels such as Arawn and Balor. There were no longer any Battle Angels using the blade as a Resting Point, but Pendral understood the importance of the gift, being handed down by his father. Pendral also knew that his mother had been looking after the weapon until Pendral was old enough to wield it.
The sword was still too long and heavy for Pendral to train with, but he used a practice blade in the palace courtyard five days a week. Sometimes his father was there to watch his practice, under the training of the finest Agnars of this Age. Most often Pendral practiced alone, though at times he was set against a number of older boys, both mortal and immortal. Pendral was already getting to a stage where he could outmatch any one of them, or even three at one time!
He was looking over notes he had made about certain herbs and their healing properties when a familiar flash of aqua brilliance filled the darkened chamber. His father stepped through the Portal-Magic with a sombre visage, though when their eyes met, Pendral felt his father’s love emanating through those cold blue eyes. Eyes that always seemed to grin whenever they were together.
‘Father, you’re back!’ Pendral exclaimed, rushing to embrace him, standing no taller than his waist. His father hugged him back and spoke gently to say, ‘I could hardly bear another moment without being by your side, dear son. Again, I am very sorry I could not celebrate your birthday properly with your mother. You know I have other important duties, and they often keep me away.’ Adem Highlander then glanced over at the writing desk to remark, ‘You are keeping to your studies I see. That is good, son. We will make a scholar of you yet. Sit, and tell me what you have learnt so far.’
So Pendral returned to his seat, and his father took a chair that he moved to be seated beside Pendral. He read his notes out loud for his father who listened intently, with a growing grin that Pendral always thought of as sneaky.
His father suffered from the corruption upon male Angel-Magic perhaps more than any other in Kismeria, but of late, during these visits, Pendral had noted a change in him. An improvement he would call it. Pendral hoped terribly that the reason for this was these visits and the time he spent with his son. Moments that Pendral cherished more than anything else in this world.
Pendral had loved his father even long before he first met him, although he had memories of his father’s face even as far back as when he was still a baby in his crib. But it was his mother’s tales of Adem Highlander’s adventures that made Pendral love and adore his father so very much. When he began to get to know his father from these short visits, he began to love him even more.
‘How is your scar, Father?’ Pendral asked, to which his father replied, ‘It still gives me pain at times, son. Mostly I am able to withstand its draining effects.’
‘Let me see what I can do,’ Pendral said, reaching towards the dark dragon tattoo across his father’s chest, revealed where the pale shirt was not completely buttoned to the neck. He wore his dark Alit’aren coat and trousers, with brown leather boots. His father’s face showed concern when Pendral began to wield a little Angel-Magic to investigate the nature of the scar further.
Suddenly, the quill in Pendral’s right hand began to burn bright crimson. The feather caught flame to morph into a small pixie of golden-orange light, not unlike a dragon in form. Pendral had suddenly also felt a great surge of another form of Magic that he did not like to use. When investigating that terrible scar, Jinn-Magic entered his veins by some immense force of instinct.
The two of them watched the small dragon rise into the air, floating around the chamber, high up into the vaulted ceilings. It suddenly began to grow very quickly, until its form nearly covered the entire tops of the chamber. Huge golden wings spread wide as the dragon opened its jaws as if about to set the room aflame!
His father raised his right hand, with index finger extended. A brilliant blue strand of light shot forth from his fingertip. A miniature wielding similar to a true Spear of Odin. As the beam made contact with the dragon, both the beam of light and the glowing Spirit Warden flared, shimmered, and then vanished in a cloud of glowing dust.
‘You must be more careful, my son,’ Highlander said with a cautious glare, seeming more nervous than upset with Pendral.
‘I’m sorry, Father! It just seems to happen every time I try to find out how that scar works. I feel terrible for you. I just wish you would tell me the tale of how you got it.’
‘That is a tale for another day,’ Adem said carefully, buttoning the shirt and then dark coat up to the high collar. Decorated with the sigil of the Wolf, Lion and Dragon, the three Rohjors of the Sons of Odin. 
There was a knock at the door. His mother entered to look upon his father with delighted exasperation. She rushed across the floor to wrap her arms around his seated form. His father’s eyes taking on that smile that said he was helpless to resist, but that he also did not want to be anywhere else but here and now.
‘My beloved darling,’ his mother exclaimed, ‘it has been so long! I have missed you with all my heart. Wishing for the day of your return!’ Then she stood back, crossing her arms under her breasts, wearing a pink silk gown with red roses sewn upon the arms and hem as she said with some scorn, ‘And here I find you, visiting our dear beloved son and you do not spare a moment to visit me in my chambers!’ Pendral began to blush, knowing the sort of visit his mother wished for. Pendral also knew that his father avoided such visitations despite his evident passion for the woman. Pendral assumed it had to do with his father’s relationship with the Daughter of Thor, who was said to be a great rival of his mother’s in their battle to win the heart of Adem Highlander.
‘I cannot always take the time to inform you that I am in town,’ Adem said with extra care, perhaps sensing the danger of upsetting Isabelle further. ‘You know how important it is for me to spend time with Pendral.’ He spoke those words with such emphasis that Pendral began to wonder at their hidden meaning. His father spoke again to say to Isabelle, ‘I have also made it clear that I am unable to share such moments with you, my love. As much as I would wish it.’
His mother began to sniff as Pendral watched water welling in her eyes. Those dark orbs shining even brighter before she clutched Adem by the shoulders, leaning in to kiss his father passionately on the lips, before she moved back. Slapped his face hard! Turning on her heel to glide across the floor and out the door. This was not an unfamiliar scene for Pendral to witness between his parents. It was in fact quite common place.
But for Pendral, these exchanges made the Ruhalden Palace feel more like home to him, because they were all together again. They were a whole family. He looked at his father earnestly as he said, ‘I understand, Father. Do not worry over Mother’s moods. I will cheer her up as best I can. After you leave again.’ Those last words brought a stab of pain to Pendral’s chest. His father’s absence was always a sore point for him.
‘I will return again as soon as I am able, my son.’ Adem said, rubbing Pendral’s hair to ruff it into a fluff. Then Pendral watched with great regret, as his father stood and created another Portal-Spell—those sad blue eyes smiling at Pendral as he gazed back at him for one last time—then stepped through to vanish into thin air. As he always did. 
Why can he not stay for just a little longer?

*** 
Adem stepped out of the Portal-Magic to arrive at the meeting place assigned for Elarja. The Time Strider always waited in a new location while Adem visited his son in various stages of his youth. Elarja using the now semi-operable Time Stones to return Adem to the true present each time the visit was ended, where they assessed the benefits or damage of such visits.
They met in a small cellar stocked with barrels of wine and ale. Under an old inn on the borders of Torvis, the Torvellen populated region of the Free Lands. Adem noted the concern on Elarja’s face when he returned to the cellar, those emerald eyes glowed with a cautious glare. Adem did his best to display a mind of clarity, as he continued to resist the impure concentrations within teron, as well as the mind-altering effects of the Jinn Arts that Adem was still at times forced to wield.
‘How was he?’ Elarja asked.
‘My son is well,’ Adem replied in a soft tone. ‘At least ... he is now. I do not know what changes it will have when we return to the present. There was little time to teach him all of the things I consider important for his upbringing. Morality. Compassion. He yearns for the guidance of his father, but my visits are always far too short.’
‘Let’s return,’ Elarja said, as he created a Time Sphere with the glowing Stones held in his fists. A warp of space and time bulged around them in glowing colours as that now too familiar sound filled the air: a tearing of the fabric of reality.
When the sphere contracted again to dissipate, Adem found himself in a meeting hall, at Orodhel. They often switched locations for their return. Jean, Carl, Wil, and Hayley using Portal-Magic to leap across the Free Lands to meet them at each location. The four of them were already in the chamber when Adem and Elarja arrived. Seated around a small, polished oak table with a dark stain. Carved with each sigil of the Four Rohjors. A Fox, Wolf, Lion and Dragon on each side.
The room was lit with lanterns hanging from the walls. Glowing dull amber with the light of the morning sun pouring through windows higher up. It was mostly formed of marble. Columns of blue-veined white with green and golden checked tiles speckled with black, the walls a brilliant obsidian that seemed to hum with the ancient power of its creation. Orodhel was even older than the now burned and ruined city of Nordhel. Built during the Age of Heroes; the craftsmen were guided by Alit’aren and Ael Tarael, communicating with the Angels of Earth and Stone to weld the elements into almost indestructible formation.
‘How did it go?’ Jean asked with a cross expression.
‘It went well, I think,’ Adem replied solemnly. ‘How much has changed?’
‘Nothing has changed!’ Jean snapped in retort. ‘Valmeron is still in ruin. As is Nordhel. A multitude of lives remain lost through the history of Pendral’s wrath. I swear to you Adem; that child is dangerous. You risk much by getting involved with him. More to the point, you cannot change him. The madness will get to him eventually, no matter how much you try to reach him.’
‘He is beginning to love me, Jean,’ Adem said in earnest. ‘There must be a chance we can alter his overall state of mind. If he can regain the love of his father. I want him to experience a somewhat proper childhood, with his family.’
‘I am your wife, Adem. Janeanne is your legitimate daughter. We are your family. Isabelle, Pendral and Rayne are all your mistakes. The mess you have created. I know you love them all, but Isabelle is a nuisance, Rayne is cursed and perhaps more likely to destroy the world than his completely insane father! Pendral will only learn advantage from these meetings, as he advances over the past thousand years. Madness will corrupt that love he feels for you. He will use it against you.’
‘I have to try, Jean. I believe I can bring about some good within my son. Some lasting speck of morality and honour. But also, his love for his family, to maybe turn him back to the All-Father.’
‘I have done quite a large amount of research into Pendral’s past,’ Carl said. Interrupting them both to possibly ease the situation. ‘It seems there was always a brooding darkness about him. Legends say it relates back to Isabelle’s capture by the Hex-Warlords, the last time we fought the Jinn-Lord and sealed him in Kerak’Otozi. It seems there was corruption upon his spirit even before he was born. A result of that time spent at the peak and within the heart of the mountain. I believe this is the dark magic that restricts our capacity to change the past. Ultimately, no matter what you try to teach him, or how much love you provide, the Shadow will take hold of him eventually. 
‘It is engrained within his soul.’
‘Still,’ Adem replied, ‘I have to try.’
Janeanne then entered the chamber with Terese and Arig in tow. Adem’s daughter looked resplendent in a gown of shimmering blue, sewn with white pearls in the shape of foxes along the sleeves and breasts. Jean and Terese wearing similar outfits of coats, trousers, and matching boots. Jean’s red, Terese’s dark green. Carl and Wil wore their usual Alit’aren black. Hayley wore an emerald green gown of silk that reminded Adem of the woman’s Battle Angel, Druantia. 
Wil and Hayley were still a great threat to Pendral’s life, and so far, Adem had not risked taking either of those two with him to the past to visit Pendral as a boy. He knew they would do their best to murder him. In the hope of bringing their daughter back to life in the altered timelines.
Adem had promised he would do the same if the chance arose, but from the first time he looked at Pendral as a baby in his crib—those dangerous dark eyes glowing with warmth and a latent corruption—Adem knew he could never murder his own child. So, he would be forced to break an oath to his Brother, Wil. He knew it would eventually cause a great rift between them. Hayley also would not forget his promise, but what choice did he have? 
I have to save my son!
When Terese was caught up with the details of the last encounter, she sniffed with disapproval before saying, ‘Madmen! The line of Dragon-Sword will bring this world to ruin soon enough!’
‘Have faith, Terese,’ Arig Flame-Bow replied in a soft gravelly tone. Dressed in a crimson silk robe with silver falcons etched in gold lining the neck, waist, and sleeves. His enchanted bow gleaming above his shoulder in his jewelled leather case. He looked every bit the Hero of Will. His mask was removed, to reveal tan skin and a dark moustache. Large dark eyes and hooked beak of a nose regarding his Spirit Sister with compassion. Those eyes were also that of a hardened veteran. The spark of corruption beginning to glow there also.
Eventually they would all turn mad. Terese was right about that much. Their only hope was to discover a way to heal the corruption upon teron and terael. If not, it was only a matter of time before the Jinn-Lord had his victory.
It was for this very reason that Adem had set his young son Pendral to the task of discovering a cure for the taint and the curse. Adem believed Pendral was their best hope of finding such a remedy. He had the spark of genius in him, obviously obtained from his mother’s side, and his immortal bloodline. Adem could admit that much. Adem had been a fine student as a child also, but already he noticed abilities of the mind in the young Pendral to far exceed any trait Adem could have possibly passed on genetically. His son’s skill with language and numbers were astounding even at a very young age. He had the potential to be one of the greatest scholars to ever live in this world. This made the knowledge of his fated path so much more devastating to consider. At least from the perspective of his father.
When Adem began to discuss this need for a cure with his companions, Arig spoke again to suggest, ‘What if we rescued Evolo Marzosiel from the ancient past? We could at least to try to learn his secret recipe for that miracle cure he had discovered.’
‘That was a very dangerous time for us all,’ Terese interjected. Hawklike dark eyes sparkling like rare gems as her gaze flickered about the room from one face to another, regarding each that she spoke to with the scorn of a mother who would take no nonsense from foolish children. ‘The idea has merit, but we know of Calliach’s incessant hunting of any lives we rescue from their fated demise. We would also only have that small window of opportunity from the time the cure was discovered, to whatever moment Evolo was murdered. I fear it would be far too great a risk to any of us that still live.’
Arig gave a soft sigh of submission to such advice, that was basically taken as a command. Between those two former ghosts, Terese always had the upper hand. A matter of Arig’s great respect for the woman.
With Elarja it was something different, however. Adem had noticed it the last time he was here. Over a thousand years ago. The more he saw the two of them in the same room; Adem became more and more certain that Elarja had a serious crush on Terese! The very notion was nothing other than beguiling for Adem to consider. Terese had never seemed interested in any man. At least, she had never had the time to notice any, other than for their potential to protect the life of the Daughter of Thor. Adem wondered if the woman noticed the way Elarja looked at her. The way the son of the First Nordic King’s breath caught in his throat each time he seemed ready to address her. At times he said nothing at all! Just stared like a lost lamb. Eyes that obviously saw more in Terese than Adem had ever noticed, other than her blatant immortal beauty.
The woman was hard as stone, with a heart to match! Though Adem considered that perhaps it was a matter of respect for Elarja also. He had a deep admiration for the woman that went beyond his spoken words. It was expressed in every fibre of his being towards her, no matter how much he attempted to conceal such feelings.
Bringing his thoughts back to the present, Adem suggested, ‘Let’s get something to eat. We can discuss things further over lunch, then it will be time to act on pressing matters that affect us in the present. The Jinn-Lord is moving his forces westwards. The Forsaken scouts report vast hordes moving from as far as Kerak’Otozi to the Borderlands. Tarz suspects they intend to attack the High Wall any day now.’
‘That is something that has changed then,’ Elarja said with caution. ‘At least since the Great Angels were returned from the ancient past. Upon visiting a future of ill fate before that adventure, I learnt of an attack upon the Forsaken armies on a vast scale, but that was dated more than two years from now. I dread to wonder what this could mean.’
Adem felt a wave of trepidation as he asked, ‘You think my visits to Pendral have brought the war to us earlier than expected?’
‘It seems the most likely answer to this riddle,’ Elarja replied. ‘I would like to investigate the potential futures a little more to get an idea of what we are facing. Our other option is to continue to visit your son as a young man. Try to alter these events from occurring so suddenly.’
‘There is an alternative to you visiting these futures of ill fate,’ Adem suggested, suddenly realising he had a very clever idea!
‘What are you thinking, husband?’ Jean asked. Large blue eyes burning with curiosity over the sneaky grin he knew he must be wearing.
‘The Chameleon Arches,’ Adem replied. ‘They will show us what we need to know. Past, present and hopefully future.’

Chapter 1

Heroes and Children

Rayne Dragon-Sword rode his dark altherin stallion. His fellow Children of Odin gathered about him in the Royal Stables of Orodhel. The horse was a gift from the gods you might say: for it was the horse he rode when he emerged from the Harp of Odin as a Hero of Will. The reportedly short time between his second death and the moment he became a Ghost Hero were without a single scrap of memory or vision for him however, as there was no sight beyond the grave. Not even for half-bloods.
Many of those Heroes that had now become solid flesh and bone were amongst his company of riders also. They prepared to form a Portal-Spell to carry them directly to Kerak’Otozi. Rayne wanted to do a little research on the current status of the Jinn-Lord and his prison. 
Rievenna rode a pale mare by his side, her eyes shining with caution as a number of Heroes and Children of Odin formed Portal-Magic large enough for the company of forty riders to pass through. Scorching heat of the East Lands washed over his face as soon as the shining wall revealed the dark magma pooled soils. Billowing black clouds lined in crimson and silver.
Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan were also part of the group. Rayne knew he would find it difficult to become separated from those three ever again. They had already lost him twice, after all. Shaye and Ellagon were dressed similarly to Rayne, all in their Alit’aren coats and trousers, brown or black leather boots. Rohjor pins attached to their high collars.
They all wore their Aldebrand cloaks. Every member of the team. Except Ragan, who always wore a dashing crimson woollen cloak. The signature style had become somewhat of a legend attributed to his name. Revered by many of the great captains and generals for his battle wits and expert strategies. 
The reason for the cloaks was that nights in the East Lands were often colder than any other part of the Free Lands. Except the snow-capped mountain peaks, although the East Land soil would often become layered with a crust of frost before the morning heat returned. There were even times when heavy snow would fall during the winter months. These conditions were such that only the Forsaken had ever learnt to adapt, over the last millennia of their aims to conquer these cursed lands.
The Portal-Spell took them close to Kerak’Otozi, within sight of the massive dark peak that fumed with smoke. Ash and magma bubbling and pouring from the tip. It was not wise to arrive too close to the mountain. Eruptions of lava flow were unpredictable. It was possible to find yourself swimming in it; if you did not take caution with where you landed.
The fumes in the air were foul from the first breath. The warriors in his team immediately formed bubbles around their skulls with clean Air flowing through it, for more comfortable and safer breathing. Such Angel-Magic could be maintained for up to a week—even while sleeping—for the calibre of wielders he had brought with him. Without draining much of their potential to do some serious damage against the demons of this region.
One thing that seemed to have changed since Elarja’s recent trips through time, were reports Rayne had received that the scale of the demon hordes had increased dramatically. More than in any futures of ill fate that the Time Strider had previously visited of this timeline, known now as the true present. Rayne did not know what to make of that, but Elarja’s theories included the possibility that bringing the ancient might of the Great Angels so far into the future, had greatly limited their Power during the entire history of Kismeria from that time up until now. This theory was concerning for everyone that had heard it, for it suggested the possibility of a total reforming of the world’s histories. Lives lost. Cities destroyed. Battles ending in total annihilation rather than victory.
There were glimpses of this shift in the timelines for any who had ever heard the tales of what had been. Combined with the schism of memories played over that first memory that were in complete conflict with the original report. The result was mind boggling, and often caused many headaches. But there was still some stability to the world. Not everything had been altered. Some things seemed to be always set in stone.
One change that suited Rayne better than most, was the presence of a greater host of Heroes of Will before the Ghost Wardens were made into flesh. Whether by some vast alteration of the histories or just some miraculous Magic of Odin, the number of Heroes had grown from a few hundred to close to five hundred. Men and women added to the Hero Chain and bound to the Great Cycle. Then, almost immediately after, they were all set free of those Chains. They had one final chance to live again, and perhaps serve the Sons and Daughter at the Ragnarök Battle.
This change of chance suited Rayne because it gave him greater leverage. His forces were in that way stronger. More reliable. It gave him hope.
‘The Jinn-Lord will send someone,’ Shaye told Rayne, sitting his grey colt beside Rievenna, ‘or something, to stop us reaching our goals as soon as He is able. We must make haste, Brother.’
‘Take a scouting party ahead to survey for any demon sign,’ Rayne commanded. Soon Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan were riding through another smaller Portal-Spell with a host of Children and Heroes close behind. 
Rayne waited anxiously for their return, but as time drifted by, he knew something was wrong. Tohka Reiden could not communicate with Shaye or Ellagon’s Battle Angels either, which confirmed Rayne’s fears even more so. Even the strength and spirit of Odin that resided in the Sword of Valour was no help in figuring out what had become of his friends. Eventually Rayne was forced to go out and search for them.
They used another Portal-Spell to move closer to the foot of Kerak’Otozi. They then rode with haste the remainder of the way, leaving their horses with a host of warriors while a chosen party began to ascend the craggy dark mountainside. It was not possible to form Portal-Magic on the slopes of the mountain. Some part of the Jinn-Lord’s Magic locked their ability out, but they could still wield to protect themselves.
Rayne and Rievenna ran swiftly to ascend, their half-blood and pure Aelfin feet carrying them with such speed and agility it would blur to the eyes of a mortal. Others that followed included veteran Children: Brealda and Hamuko. Shollian of Odin’s Return; along with the Heroes Elizel, Rocard and Breeanna. 
Each of them moved with similar speed, though for Hamuko, it was a gift to his mortal blood by birthright as an Odin Child. The thick muscled figure even taking great leaps to higher stones that were far beyond the capacity of common mortal flesh. 
Other scouts were searching the area surrounding the base of Kerak’Otozi, in hope of finding some sign of what became of their companions. Soon Rayne had climbed so high the ground below was covered by layers of floating ash, cloud, and smoke. He could see no sign of his friends. His Battle Angels still insisting they did not know what had gone wrong.
At the same time during their ascent, Rayne and his companions were using other forms of latent magic. To sense within the heart of the mountain. Trying to learn of the status of the seal on the Jinn-Lord’s prison. From what Rayne could detect, the seals were close to fracturing. The presence of the Jinn-Lord within that space was an ominous force that brought anxious loathing. Corruption of his grandfather’s curse throbbing in tune with the heartbeat of Jinn-Fendinn.
In that regard his mission was already a success. He had achieved what he came for, yet his concern for his closest companions and other allies was swelling to nervous terror. He felt Rievenna’s caution and agitation via the kigare. He knew he should flee and seek reinforcements to continue the search, when suddenly— 
A flare of crimson appeared in the sky, over ten feet above his head. Instinctively Rayne changed the direction of his leap. A red arc lanced upon the mountainside where he had been standing. Flames erupting off the side of the mountain as he fled, leaping into the sky with Odin Wings flaring from his shoulders.
He spun mid-air to glimpse a dark cloaked Hex-Warlord hovering in the sky. Rayne’s blade was unsheathed as he aimed the tip of the steel to unleash a Spear of Odin. The Hex-Warlord vanished before it struck. Glimmering blue fire streaking off into the distant horizon. Crimson flares suddenly appeared on every angle!
His companions were already on the alert. They fought back immediately, while sprinting and leaping to avoid being struck by Hellfire blasts unleashed from Shadow fists. All twelve of the Hex-Warlords were now present. Hovering in the dark clouded air surrounding Kerak’Otozi. Including the newest—but also oldest recruit due to the altered timelines—Lenk the Betrayer. Elarja’s blood brother.
Rayne fought back. Sending forth dozens of blinding beams of energy. Blue fire lancing from the tip of his blade. The first struck the shield of Torkhan. Golden goat faced mask flaring as the bolt impacted, sending the Hex-Warlord flying into the distance. It was merely from the force of which Rayne’s attack hit his shield. Still, Rayne hoped it at least hurt just a little.
His next attacks were less successful. Hex-Warlords reinforcing their Shield-Spheres to the extent that those targets he did hit were only temporarily doused in electric shocks. Angel-Magic coursing in blue bolts around a field of crimson. The hovering stance of each High-Servant barely shifted.
Rayne had faced Hex-Warlords in swordfights too many times to count, but the situation was not that desperate yet. He feared the taint of their blades as sure as death itself. There was no cure from the corruption of those blades. They brought a swift death even from the slightest cut.
But something else was happening that he could not properly describe. His mind was being blocked somehow. He knew if he could remember what it was blocked from, they might have a chance of getting out of here alive. Their only choice for now was to attempt to fight their way back to the ground level. They would not be able to open Portal-Spells until they were some distance from the mountain.
‘Defend and retreat!’ Rayne shouted to his companions, using Angel-Magic to amplify his voice. The need to alert them of a battle plan left him no other choice but this. It reminded him of what he had forgotten, something that was missing. What is it?
His companions began to fight back with renewed fury, striking at the Shield-Spells of the Hex-Warlords with all manner of Elemental Magic. Fire Pythons launched from the clouds to chomp down on glowing crimson spheres, but to no avail. Pixie Wardens blasted against the unbreakable force presented by the Hex-Warlords in showers of glimmering sparks. Winged Lions launched upon the hovering Hex-Warlords to bite and claw without result, but the Hex-Warlords were also retreating, slowly. Moving further outwards through the air and away from the mountainside. Giving Rayne and his companions at least a better chance of dodging their deadly attacks.
Some Hex-Warlord attacks had already met their mark. Rayne and his companions were also wielding Shield-Spells to the best of their ability, and although the strikes that found a target did not cause physical harm so far, Rayne knew such attacks would greatly drain his warriors of vital strength. Lowering their hopes of an escape!
Rayne still hovered beside the mountain on wings of aqua fire. Unleashing bars of blue flame at his enemies to distract them from their other targets. Even though he could have easily made his escape, he would never leave Rievenna. He also cared enough for these other brave warriors to face death a third time if necessary.
Rayne landed on the mountainside to draw enemy fire when aqua Portal-Spells opened up all around him! He glanced left and right to see Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan. Rayne was filled with overwhelming horror the moment he saw their faces! He leapt again into the sky as his closest lifelong friends raised fists to unleash Angel-Magic. Three beams of light crossing one another in red, golden, and aqua flame. Rayne spun in the air to catch a glimpse of their attempt to murder him!
He had known the moment he saw their faces. Twisted with venomous hatred. Their true spirit trapped within; grappling in a mad struggle against the new master that controlled their every move ... His friends were possessed!
The Jinn-Lord’s Magic must be extreme this close to His prison because Shaye and Ellagon were not even corrupted by the taint on teron. Their birthright provided a pure form of Angel-Magic, which meant Rayne was perhaps in even greater danger of becoming possessed. The theory was that these possession demons were more able to take control of men already half mad from the taint!
He dived and looped through the sky as his three friends hurled more blasts of teron. Ragan hurling Hellfire! He moved desperately to escape their attacks, but he would not fight back. He could not harm his friends when there was any hope of saving them from this terrible plight.
Rievenna and the other Children and Heroes were not of the same mindset. They immediately lashed out against the three possessed souls with lightning and fire. Pure incandescent bolts striking Shield-Spheres surrounding the three. Each vanished through another Portal-Spell, appearing higher up the slopes to strike back with blasts of magic that battered against the Shield-Spheres of his protectors.
Breeanna unleashed Lightning-Arrows from her Lukrorian Bow that shone like glass—garbed in a blue coat, white trousers and dark shining breastplate with the sigil of the White Tiger—striking at the Shield-Spells of the Hex-Warlords that still hovered further out in the distance. Elizel holding her crimson-and-gold metallic shield on her left forearm—gleaming breastplate marked by the Red Falcon. Dark coat and boots with grey trousers—unleashing waves of magic in the shape and colours of the shield, launching out and growing in size to smash against the Shield-Spheres of the Hex-Warlords.
Rocard leapt like a fleeting shadow. Garbed in Alit’aren black with a shining silver breastplate marked with the Blue Dragon sigil. His swords were sheathed as he unleashed blue lightning bolts from each fist. Attacking the Hex-Warlords one moment, then alternating to batter the Shield-Spells of the possessed men.
Rievenna, Brealda and Hamuko fought in similar style. The three Children continuing to summon Spirit Wardens from the earth and sky. Fire Pythons chomping down on Hex-Warlord Shield-Spells to distract their focus. Fire Lions and Pixie Wardens moved around the mountain slopes. Blasting at the Shield-Spheres of the three possessed men, as well as their other companions that were appearing in warps of Fire-and-Air-Magic. Both Children and Heroes caught by the dominating will of possession demons, entering their flesh and bones.
Rievenna unleashed golden sheet lightning and emerald Lightning-Arrows from her Lukrorian Bow. Brealda summoned Stone Javelins from above to shatter against enemy Shield-Spheres, perhaps weakening their defences. Hamuko’s Shadow Hounds charged alongside the Lions to drive the attackers into retreat.
The result was all out chaos unfolding before Rayne’s eyes. His fear for Rievenna’s safety was becoming overwhelming. He considered scooping her up and carrying her off and away from the battle. His other option was a plan that would perhaps push them to their limits.
Still there was that terrible mind block. Stopping him from comprehending perhaps the full meaning of words that had nearly entered his mind, half a dozen times or more in a matter of seconds. He grappled against the mind block feebly, sending out more blasts of blue Angel-Magic to strike against the Hex-Warlords in the sky. They seemed to be moving closer again. Their confidence was building, but Pendral was not amongst them yet. He would be the one orchestrating this ambush.
Suddenly Rayne felt something via the kigare. It was Shaye. He was fighting against his possession demon. Their linked emotions told this fact, but something more. It was almost as if words were close to being transferred to Rayne’s mind by his possessed friend. He watched Shaye halt his attacks. His face and form showed the struggle within the man’s soul. The strength of the possession demon fighting back to overpower Shaye was evident to Rayne even from his distant vantage point.
Then the words broke through, though they were not actually Shaye’s own words. At that moment, the mind block vanished. At the same time that the message was received. 
Summon your Battle Angels! 
Rayne shouted the names, ‘Tohka Reiden! Odin!’
The skies above became Elemental Magic. Bolts of incandescence struck the mountainside, and further out, all around. Might of his Battle Angels Awoken! Flame Dragons burning white coiled around the bolts. Many striking the Hex-Warlords in the sky to chomp down on Shield-Spheres with massive burning jaws. At this moment he believed they had a chance at victory. Hex-Warlords began to vanish through crimson Portal-Spells, but suddenly Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan began to dominate with renewed stamina. Hurling blasts of Hellfire and Angel-Magic at those that still fought for Rayne, and the other possessed Heroes and Children also attacked with greater speed and ferocity!
Then Rayne began to notice glowing figures appearing all around the mountainside. Fear took hold again. He realised these were many more possession spirits. This was not just an ambush. It was a trap!
The Hex-Warlords appeared again. Hovering in the sky as each reached out to try to throw a Shield-Trap over Rayne! He had been their target all along. The rest were just casualties. Pendral appeared close by Rayne. The strength of Rayne’s Battle Angels provided the only means to resist such a huge link of Jinn-Magic. Combined energies entwining Rayne in a sphere of crimson webbing that pulsed and flared like a beating heart.
Pendral’s face was unmasked. His contorted features seemed to appeal to Rayne as he shouted over the thunder. ‘Give in, Rayne Dragon-Sword! Surrender to the will of the Jinn-Lord! I promised you, the High-Jinn would spare your life, if you do this. Serve Him! Assist me to destroy this world! Perhaps even your darling Rievenna may also be spared, but no more than this. Kismeria is doomed to die, my son! You must face it!’
There was something different about Rayne’s father this time. Despite his mad expressions, he appeared earnest in his appeal. There were emotions running through his eyes that spoke of a serious change in the man. He looked like a man desperate to be loved. A man who wished for nothing more than to be joined with family. Perhaps Adem Highlander’s journeys to visit Pendral during his childhood had finally had some impact.
Bolts of Odin-Lightning struck against Pendral’s own Shield-Sphere multiple times. His father raved without a sign of even noticing the attacks. Here it seemed Pendral was too strong for words to even describe. Something had changed in the timelines. The Jinn-Lord had suddenly become far too powerful, and so too his Servants of the Shadow.
Yet whatever mad form of reasoning was behind his father’s total lack of hope and will to resist the corruption of the Shadow, his willingness to serve the Jinn-Lord was repugnant! Despicable!
Rayne felt rage swell in his soul—remembering all the unspeakable crimes his father had committed in service to the Shadow—as he launched a blazing Spear of Odin at his father’s heart. Joined with his Battle Angels to create a force that even his father could not withstand. The beam of energy struck the crimson sphere in a blast of white-hot sparks. Pendral was sent flying into the distance with a hollow wail!
At that moment, the Shield-Web surrounding Rayne also vanished. Rayne understood that Pendral had held the link of his Shadow Brothers. This moment seemed to be Rayne’s only chance of escaping this fight. He swooped upon the mountainside to land behind Rievenna. In a fighting stance: she unleashed arrows against Shaye and Ellagon. Rayne scooped her up under her armpit, lifting her legs to carry her over the threshold. Wings of Odin carried them both into the air. He flew like a bolt of lightning. Escaping the battle and the power of this cursed mountain.
In those moments that he moved from sky, to Rievenna, and then to sky again, he had caught glimpses of the remaining Heroes and Children that fought on his side. He saw clearly in those moments that possession demons had entered their flesh also. He saw them rage in a tortured battle to resist the spirit that would soon overpower them.
When he reached the foot of the mountain, he flew over the heads of those that were watching the horses. Shouting commands that they flee this place and return to Orodhel by Portal-Magic immediately. They did not throw fire at him in the sky, so he hoped they were yet untouched by possession. He would not risk landing to find himself a victim of their plight.
He flew like an arrow through the sky until he sensed his capacity for Portal-Spells reawaken. Forming one large enough for him and Rievenna. Odin and Reiden returned to his Resting Point blade. They vanished from this land in a flicker of light.

Chapter 2


Visions in Time


Adem stood gazing at the glowing carvings within the dark wet stone of the male Arch. The two Chameleon Arches appeared almost identical here to the ones they had entered at Nordhel, over a thousand years before. Even the chamber where they were kept looked very much the same, though the marble floor here was red-and-green tiles, each three-foot-wide with white or black veins. The walls were the same dark obsidian as the rest of the palace, and the domed ceiling was stained glass worked in images of ancient heroes and legends. The glass was said to be enchanted. It was also said that nothing would break it. Not even the might of Odin.
The glass was also multi-layered, allowing light to pour through from above. It was only the lowest layer that was decorated so extravagantly. The remaining three above were simply coloured glass, although each layer was said to be just as unbreakable. When the Chameleon Arches were created, the ancient Alit’aren and Ael Tarael did their best to keep them out of reach from their enemies.
The doors that sealed the Arches within the chamber were the same enchanted wood. Ancient crafting that was also said to be almost impossible to destroy. Even more so than the metal alloys of the Age of Chaos, which Adem understood were similar to the work of modern engineers on Earth, in terms of indestructible strength. Adem had watched the Ael Tarael and Alit’aren work together to open the massive door, where he and his wife and friends entered. It was planned beforehand that only the Sons and Daughter would enter the Arches, yet when Elarja also entered the chamber, he voiced his wishes to also be a part of this adventure.
‘What are the dangers of taking the Time Stones within the Arch?’ Terese asked with obvious concern.
‘I think the risks could be extreme,’ Elarja admitted. ‘But I would not place others in greater danger by leaving the Stones in their care while I take this test. The first time I entered an Arch to become full Alit’aren, the Time Stones were not yet created. Even if they had been, my father would not have allowed me to take them with me.’
‘Perhaps I should summon your Father, immediately!’ Terese said with a raised brow. ‘He can tell you himself that this idea is dangerous if not bordering on completely insane! You could fracture the very fabric of space and time!’
‘I see the wisdom of your words, Terese Marheildon,’ Elarja replied, ‘but this option is perhaps also safer than travelling the timelines to investigate past and future. It may be the only way I can find the answers we need to win this war.’
Adem noted the pause as Terese appeared to be swallowing a lump in her throat. She replied with bulging dark eyes, ‘I see the wisdom of your own words, Elarja RinHannen. If you must do this thing, at least allow me to join you.’
Adem began to wonder at the connection between those two with a sudden burst of intrigue. Did Terese have a thing for Elarja too?
‘It is decided then,’ Adem said to speed things up. ‘The six of us will go through, no more than this.’ Tobin, Lydia, Orion, and Elmira were also present. Along with Janeanne, Isabelle and a host of Heroes and Children. As well as Tarz and a few of his Forsaken, all of them Alit’aren and Ael Tarael. Adem believed he could see, if not also sense a yearning within the former Nordic and Torvellen rulers to also be a part of this mission. Adem and Jean would’ve immediately pointed out that then there would be no one suitable to protect their daughter.
There were no long speeches or words of formality this time. The six who would go forth began to unbuckle their swords and remove bows from their shoulder cases to spread them across the marble floor. Carl and Wil placing their obsidian spear and axe upon the tiles also. 
Adem stared at the male Arch as it began to make that familiar humming sound. Resonance of Angel-Magic filled the chamber to make the skin prickle. Once again Jean made the first step towards the female Arch, with Terese in tow. Adem took three long steps to leap into the wall of shimmering brilliance. His feet searching for a ground to land upon that no longer existed... Adem was falling. Tumbling through eternal darkness into a surging pit of molten flames that glowed like the Jinn-Lord’s soul ... Pain filled his mind. Heat seared his flesh and burnt his bones to dust ... He fell for hours ... Days ... He fell for eternity as a scorching flame melted his every fibre into a molasses of smouldering goo. He screamed for mercy. The Jinn-Lord’s laughter echoed through the air in this realm of cursed souls ... The Underworld ... He was returning to Hell!
Flash!
Adem woke to find Isabelle by his side. She was caressing his sweaty brow as if checking his temperature.
‘You are not well, my lord. You work with Angel-Magic too hard. Day and night. You must get more rest, and Healing-Magic. You need it every day!’
‘Isabelle?’ Adem asked in disbelief, looking around to see a well-furnished chamber with a roaring fire. A chill in the air assuring him it was mid-winter. ‘Where am I?’
‘You are home, darling one. With your wife and son. Pendral loves his Father so adoringly. You are the Light of his World.’
‘My son, Pendral, he is here too?’ Adem spoke the name as if it were a hidden mystery he could not unravel.
‘Yes, of course; my beloved. You have raised your son as a true father should. Teaching him love and kindness, but also honour and duty. Courage and dignity. Though your son is wicked with pride, that has always been his way, but you always do your best to teach him humility. Faith.’
It was then that Adem noticed the swelling of Isabelle’s belly, as he asked in shock, ‘Are you with child again, Isabelle?’
Isabelle laughed softly, stroking his brow once more as she replied, ‘You must be mad with fever, my love. This will be your fourth child. If it is a boy, we are to name him John. Your second and third born are also boys, Matthew, and Mark. Have you lost your memory while you dreamt?’
Adem was sickened at the thought of having betrayed his marriage to Jean so many times. A lingering part of his consciousness remembering his life with his wife and his devotion and pledges to honour and obey.
‘But I am dreaming now, aren’t I?’ Adem asked in bewilderment. Oh, God, Jean, how could you ever forgive me for this?

***
Flash! 
Elarja stood in the shadows, watching a scene that filled him with wonder and dread. Before him sat an aged Adem Highlander. Still preserved by Angel-Magic to the extent that he did not look older than his mid-forties, with grey tinged hair and eyebrows, though his frame appeared weakened with time. His posture crooked. Elarja knew that something had gone very, very wrong.
Highlander sat in a chamber with dark obsidian floors. A black marble fireplace crackled and fumed with rising smoke. The scene was pleasant, but still wrong. His son Pendral was also present, standing by the flames of the fireplace in a green velvet robe that was predictably dark. Highlander was in Alit’aren black, though the Alit’aren in him was nearly burnt out from centuries spent idle in his chair. Elarja knew this on sight. It filled him with terror to witness it.
Isabelle entered the chamber, also looking older even for a pure blood immortal, half Ruhalden, half Nordic. There was grey at her temples also, and slight crinkles around her large dark eyes that suggested she had lived close to a thousand years without her fated death, or her rescue from that fate. Elarja saw a family here. One that was evidently content to sit by as the world crumbled around them. They would do nothing but love one another, content simply to have one another.
Elarja knew that would not be entirely true of Adem Highlander and Pendral Dragon-Sword. He knew they would’ve fought countless battles in this altered timeline, opposing the Jinn-Lord and his demon forces, yet something had changed all of that. Old age and a change of heart perhaps? That much was at least evident in Highlander. Elarja’s heart was beating rapidly in his chest as a constricting pain seemed to be crushing his lungs. Deep fear was taking hold. He began to understand that this was a possible past. Or future past, if Elarja ever had difficulties returning to collect Highlander from one of his visits to Pendral during his childhood. 
What he saw was the result of Highlander spending the next thousand years of the Age of Chaos, living as a father to Pendral, and apparently also as husband or lover to Isabelle. The woman glided towards Adem to sit upon his lap and stroke his hair as she placed adoring kisses upon his cheeks and then lips! Apparently, Highlander’s resistance of the woman had not withstood the test of time.
But it was Pendral that intrigued Elarja the most, as he stood watching these three from shadows that seemed to be separate from the room itself. Two dimensions spliced together where Elarja could view the scene without being noticed by those he watched, and in Pendral Dragon-Sword’s face he saw not only the brooding Sickness of the taint upon teron, but also the deep love and admiration Pendral felt for his father, Adem Highlander, a man who had become withered and faded from the proud and defiant figure Elarja had placed so much faith in.
Elarja still had not viewed Highlander’s face properly, but the expression he caught from the side view suggested the man was also deeply enamoured with Isabelle, and very much the proud father of his son, Pendral. To the point that Elarja became fascinated with what he saw. He wondered how Highlander could have let go of all of those principles that he had stood for before he became trapped in this alternate past. Love for his wife Jean, first and foremost. Dedication to his legitimate daughter, Janeanne, as well as his mission to try to win over Pendral, or destroy him!
It seemed Adem’s love for his son had won over. The result was a sickening sight of a ruined hero, a doting mistress, and a madman son who would destroy the world without his father to oppose him. Elarja wanted to scream in terror and outrage at what he was seeing, knowing again that this was the risk he was taking each time he allowed Highlander to visit Pendral as a boy. He realised the risk was too great, for if the Time Stones began to malfunction again, and Highlander became trapped in the past, this might be a very merry example of what fate may deliver.
But it was more than this. Elarja realised that in this altered version of the past, Pendral perhaps had never fathered Rayne, and so their recent mission to return the Great Angel Magic of the ancient world to the true present would be wiped from the timelines if this vision were to become a reality! That thought was perhaps the most horrifying yet.

*** 

Flash!
Wil stood on the precipice of a tower balcony. On his tiptoes with axe of dark glass balancing his form, from a drop of over a thousand feet. Pendral stood within the balcony doorway, after fighting Wil throughout the palace of Korhad, though Wil fought back with the rage of near madness. Desperate to avenge the death of his daughter!
‘You are a madman, Pendral!’ Wil shouted defiantly, knowing he was in no position to make threats. ‘I will destroy you eventually. It is only a matter of time before I learn your weakness.’
‘I know your weakness, Wil Martyr,’ Pendral replied with wicked vehemence. ‘Your rage is what drives you to the edge of sanity. It is my purpose to push you beyond such limits.’ Then with a gesture Pendral unleashed a wave of Shadow Flame, launched at Wil’s form as he leapt to try to dodge the blast. He managed to jump high enough to reach onto a ledge higher above the balcony, using his Wood Kin strength to lift his body to a perched position.
But Pendral quickly hovered out into the sky beyond the tower, striking again with another blast that sent Wil hurtling to his death! Somehow Wil knew this was not the first time he had faced Pendral and died trying. It seemed to memory that it had occurred a hundred times or more, and for some reason, he knew it would never end!
The oddest phenomenon for Wil was not his recurring visions, however. It was that each time he died; he saw nothing of the world beyond the grave. Each time he was reborn to fight another battle, and each time he faced Pendral, he died knowing his efforts were futile. Adem Highlander had his purgatory, or hell, just as Carl Wilder was always assured, he would walk in the Fields of Light in the Heavens, but for Wil there was no afterlife. He began to wonder whether life beyond death even existed for those that were reluctant to believe or have faith. Were they simply reborn time and again? If so, it seemed these visions of death would certainly last for an eternity or more.

*** 

Finally, Highlander spoke. Elarja could not have prepared himself for the words he heard. Adem’s voice was reeking of corruption, and when his aged and withered frame stood to glance about the room—as if for that moment sensing Elarja’s presence as he watched the vision—Elarja saw the horrid twisted scowl upon the face of the Blue Water Dragon. The taint having affected the man so long he eventually could not resist the Jinn-Lord’s allure.
Highlander peered about in agitation for a moment; then he turned to Pendral to ask, ‘Have you moved our forces into position?’
Pendral kept his back turned, facing the fire, as he spoke in a voice evenly corrupted, to reply, ‘The demon army is ready, Father. With the Hex-Warlords and what Battle Angels we have joined to our cause, we will crush the enemy within days.’
It was only then that Elarja understood the tension in Isabelle’s eyes, as he realised that she too was taken by Jinn-Fendinn’s manipulations. The three of them were now servants of the Great Enemy. Highlander’s illegitimate family of cursed and corrupted souls.
‘What of Orion and Tobin and their wives?’ Adem asked with a rasping tone, his vexation clear in the way he pronounced their names.
‘All dead, Father.’
‘Good!’ Adem replied with wicked vehemence. ‘What of Elarja RinHannen?’
‘He has escaped us again. That one will be difficult to defeat.’ Elarja clearly sensed submission in Pendral’s tone, even fear of his father’s wrath.
‘Yet defeat him we must!’ Highlander nearly spat the words. ‘Elarja is what ultimately stands between us and our goals. He must be found! He must be destroyed!’
‘The Sons and Daughter are our greatest opposition, Father. Are they not?’
‘Leave Jean, Carl and Wil to me,’ Highlander was giddy with bloodlust as he spoke those names. ‘Just find Elarja and take him down! I will not permit further failure.’ Yes, Adem clearly had the upper hand over Pendral, but for what reason? What great power had Highlander learnt to force his son to heel in such a manner?

***
Rayne waited anxiously before the Arch for the Sons and Daughter to return to him. Tobin, Orion, Lydia, and Elmira also waiting with signs of unease, as the Arch began to smoke. Fumes rushed up into the chamber ceiling. Janeanne also watched with caution and distress. 
Rievenna tugged at Rayne’s coat sleeve; large blue eyes shining with a yearning for the Saviours to return, and Elarja also, so that they could tell of their mission at Kerak’Otozi and warn them of the danger that was sure to follow soon after.
There was something seriously wrong with the Arches. Evident by the fumes and smoke that wafted from each. Nothing like this had ever happened before. Rayne wondered at the possibility that Elarja taking the Time Stones into the male Arch might be the reason for it.
He tried to remain calm, but soon the former Kings and Queens were also voicing their concerns that all of space and time could be in danger of being torn apart. Evidenced by this unbalance of nature.
A fierce roar of thunder filled the night sky. The floor began to bubble and pool around their feet like thick sludge. The walls seemed to be melting under the pressure of this unbalance. The air became thick like water, yet both their surroundings and their own bodies began to flicker with a dull transparency. He sensed within himself that his bones were becoming liquified. Air. Then solid once more. Flicker! Flash! Flare! Altering the very make up of his being. He feared the risks of going in there to try to rescue them to be far too great. So, they waited. As the world began to fall down around them. Their hearts, minds, and souls in danger of vanishing into nothing.

*** 
Orion and Tobin already had their blades unsheathed, though the steel faded from things of substance to purely air in time with Orion’s breathing. The fabric of space was being torn apart. He knew this was not only a perfect opportunity for the Hex-Warlords to strike, they would also likely attack just to try to halt this destruction of Kismeria from taking place, as perhaps even the Jinn-Lord would be at threat by this fracturing of reality.
The attack came soon enough—only moments after Terese appeared from the female Arch, staring about in horror after reaching for her blue-white sword of light—as Janeanne was surrounded by Orion, Tobin, Lydia, and Elmira. Hayley moved to join Rayne and Rievenna’s circle of defence. Rayne’s blade glowed burning blue, perhaps the only thing of substance that remained in the chamber. Pendral and four other Hex-Warlords appeared in a warp of space. Crimson flares revealing their dark cloaked forms. Hovering high up in the chamber as they unleashed waves of Hellfire upon their victims.
Shield-Spells of teron and terael protected the two groups. Orion and Tobin struck back with Hail of Blue Blades. Lightning forking from inside the dome ceiling. The storm raged in the skies above. Seen clearly through the transparent dome as a frenzy of blue bolts coursing like the blood of Odin’s veins. The storm had increased dramatically the moment the Hex-Warlords appeared—as Rayne had summoned his Battle Angels the moment before they arrived, obviously prepared this time to avoid that powerful mind block—and three more dark cloaked figures appeared moments after. Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan staring with the corrupted visage of possessed souls!
Lydia and Elmira also wielded Angel-Magic to unleash Flame Leopards against the three newcomers, who stood on the marble flooring. Each unleashing torrents of Angel-Magic to strike against the two Arches that responded with crackling bolts of flame. Torrents of smoke poured from the glowing surfaces. 
The three possessed men were assaulted with blasts of lightning and bars of hot flame, but their Shield-Spheres held off the attacks. Orion wondered if it was even justified to murder these victims of possession demons. Rayne would certainly not want to kill his best friends, and Orion and Tobin were also close companions of the three men. But the Sons and Daughter were at threat here. The situation was desperate!
Tohka Reiden and Odin appeared within the chamber, the two Battle Angels compacting their forms to each stand only ten feet high. Odin in burnished plated silver armour over black coat and trousers. Crimson burning boots and gauntlets. He struck a blow against Pendral and three of his Hex-Warlords. Lightning flared from Odin’s open palms to strike Jinn-Shields and send his victims flying off through space. Walls were now of no substance capable of halting their trajectory. 
Tohka Reiden stood in burning white coat and trousers. Shield of aqua lightning on his left arm, as he wielded blue bolts that pulverised Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan’s Shield-Spheres. Their possession demons took flight with their hosts the moment their defences flickered. 
Odin and Tohka Reiden then sent bolts of blue flame that surrounded the last Hex-Warlord. Torkhan hovered in a dome of liquid lightning as he struggled to break free from their grasp, but eventually the growing lack of consistency in the room—and possibly the universe—allowed their captive to escape in a crimson flare.
‘They will be back!’ Orion shouted to them over the roar of thunder. ‘Hayley, summon Druantia! We must protect the Arches!’

***
Jean lived a hundred thousand futures inside this realm of infinite possibility. Watching the mad and evil Alit’aren and Ael Tarael bring about destruction to the people of Kismeria. A rampage of bloodlust that would be known as the Age of Ruin.
Jean saw battle after battle. Devastation and bloodshed. Heartbreaking scenes that washed over her senses time and again, and each time she felt the shaming acknowledgement that she was ultimately helpless to resist the flood of carnage that would sweep the Free Lands into oblivion.
She assembled great rulers, kings, queens, lords, and ladies, and they brought their armies in force to meet the enemies that were once the hope of Kismeria, but they were now changed beyond recovery. Insane with the foul corruption upon teron and terael. Each time she watched her armies smashed by Angel-Magic and Jinn-Magic, unleashed against her warriors with such vehemence, she too soon became quite ill. Not only from the effects upon female Angel-Magic, but she also could not resist the horrors of what she was forced to witness. It left its permanent scars upon her psyche.
Finally, the answer was clear to her, in what remained of her true consciousness that battled through each vision. She would have to reassemble the finest Druid-Chemists across the Free Lands, and ensure their cooperative efforts resulted in finding a cure for the taint and the curse. It was their only hope of survival, let alone a victory over the Jinn-Lord at the Ragnarök Battle.
The visions changed then, and she saw the faces of many of those great minds, working their talents to create medicinal potions, never deterred in their aims to discover a new miracle cure. She saw that it would take them time to perfect, but there were some visions that suggested they would succeed before it was too late.
The visions changed again, and Jean saw many things about her future. Some shocking to behold. Others were a salvation to her soul. She knew she must never utter a word of what she witnessed to another living person as long as they remained in Kismeria. It was forbidden, though she would gladly lay her soul bare to anyone that would listen. If she could impart such knowledge for the better of mankind, but also just to relieve her own mind of the burdens she was yet to know.
The last thing she saw was a world saved by a cure for madness and corruption, Kismeria restored to order and prosperity by the wondrous effects of potions similar to medications of the kind Adem used on Earth. It was inspiring to see the world returned to health, but she also felt there that Angel-Magic had also been purified! It was the ultimate revelation, a chance that the damage could be undone. 
But how could this thing ever be achieved? 
That was one answer she did not receive, but soon she felt herself drifting from this world, as she also sensed the fabric of these worlds was being shredded like paper under sharp claws. In her mind she prayed to the Great Angels that they would bring her back to finish her work.

*** 
Adem was released from the Arch to find that he was standing in a scene of utter chaos. The very walls seeming to shimmer with a glow of insubstantiality. He reached for his sword, handed to him by Orion, as he glanced about to gather an all-encompassing understanding of the situation.
Rayne was there, with Odin and Tohka Reiden unleashed. Wielding blue lightning from their fists. Striking at the Hex-Warlords and Hex-Keepers that continued to appear in flashes of crimson, their dark cloaked forms hovering in the air or appearing on the floor that was also flickering in and out of reality.
But the sight that drove fear and loathing into Adem’s heart, was witnessing Rayne’s closest friends, Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan appearing to strike at Rayne and the other defenders with bars of glowing magic! Adem understood instantly that these three men were indeed under the control of possession demons. There was no other explanation for it.
Orion and Tobin, Elmira and Lydia stood defending Janeanne in a small circle, with Hayley further out wielding her Lukrorian Bow. The defenders were unleashing torrents of lightning and flames at their enemies, though his friends were also greatly outnumbered.
Jean appeared through the female Arch as both Adem and his wife shouted the names of their Battle Angels. Arawn and Tanriel appeared to join the battle, along with Anwen. A dark shadow towering as tall as Odin and Tohka Reiden, and two angelic female forms that lashed out immediately with Elemental Magic. Crushing their enemies into submission. 
Flame Spears and Fire Lions appeared in a swarm. Flames launching from the Spears as Anwen’s Spirit Hawks swooped and dived to punch through enemy Jinn-Shields, combined with the devastating might of Rayne’s Battle Angels—and Druantia raising a small army of wood and vine creatures robed in green leaves. Short squat beings with large glowing orbs for eyes, which Adem guessed must have been Druantia’s Children. Similar looking to the furry Leaf Aldebrands Adem had met in another realm. Their descriptions also reminded him of the stories Rayne had told of his visit to the ancient past. The Children used vine coils to drag demons under the floor into the endless abyss or raised a force of short walking trees with a gesture, that rose from the floor to crawl towards their enemies. Devouring demon flesh and bones in gaping wooden maws, while others threw waves of Elemental Magic from their fists and open palms. Burning through Boli-Kuldr skulls and Souljhin torsos—the demons appearing in warps of crimson fire—while Druantia, the emerald robed Battle Angel with hair and eyes of dark fire was also there. Unleashing a flurry of Jade-Arrows from her bow of burning light. Shafts punched through Souljhin breastplates to vanquish the cursed souls in pillars of burning green—as Pendral and his Brothers and Sisters began to show signs of considering retreat.
Adem and Jean wielded Angel-Magic to hurl bars of liquid blue and crimson flame at a number of Hex-Warlords. Adem focusing on Pendral although he knew only a true Spear of Odin would cause his son any serious damage. Already Adem felt that conflict of being forced to do harm to his son, who he had grown to love so much, after knowing him as a young and gentle boy during that childhood an Age ago.
He saw the pain it caused Pendral also. For the first time, Adem could recognise a similar conflict in this man who had once been so proud in his infinite madness, yet now there was a burning passion in those large dark eyes, not a desire to cause harm, but a yearning to end his own suffering, and the struggle between the will of his Master, and his love for his father since that early age.
Through the transparent rooftop above, Adem detected day and night flickering between seconds. One moment the sun was high above, then the moon and glowing starlight in a sky of black. Sun in a pale blue sky with white clouds, then a dark sky with blankets of storm clouds bursting with lightning. This was far worse than the last time they had faced an eternal night. This was tearing the very fabric of space and time!
It didn’t take long for Adem to realise why the Hex-Warlords and their Hex-Keepers were here. As each time one of them was unopposed, they concentrated all of their attack fires against the male Arch, and they had attacked the female Arch for as long as it took for Jean to escape it. In a state of panic Adem understood that they were trying to trap the Sons of Odin and Daughter of Thor inside those alternate worlds. Elarja, Wil and Carl still had not returned!

*** 
Tobin unleashed waves of Emerald Lions against the flood of enemies that began to appear, as suddenly Boli-Kuldr and Nymloc were morphing into view by the dozen, armoured and armed with spears, swords, or heavy clubs. Demons were quickly devoured by hungry Lions and Orion’s Golden Tigers—Tobin did not know how they could be appearing in this way, but the very fabric of reality was vanishing into nothing before their very eyes. In such a time and space, it seemed anything was possible—as Lydia and Elmira created Flame Leopards to join the battle, while still maintaining a steady flow of Pixie Wardens that flew from their fingertips amongst thick bolts of blue lightning.
Odin and Tohka Reiden began to create soldiers formed of blue fire, standing almost as tall as the two Battle Angels. Beings made of glowing armour, armed with heavy blades: hacking through demons while others battered against the shields of Hex-Keepers fighting on the floor.
Other warriors were pouring into the fighting arena. Aldebrands, Alit’aren and Ael Tarael. Each unleashing bars of bright flame. Bolts of lightning or Flame Arrows from Lukrorian Bows. Concentrating their attacks upon the demons that were appearing in packs of fifty or more. Warriors entered by simply running directly through the stone walls, that were before now always impenetrable, even via the teleportation techniques of Souljhin and Hex-Warlords.
Orion and Tobin formed a defence on either side of their wives, as a massive Portal-Spell opened on either side of the chamber. Boli-Kuldr, Souljhin and Rahkwel poured forth as the two former Kings formed a link with Lydia and Elmira. A bar of blue flame as tall as each man and twice as wide launched forwards from each of their forms—the Woden Sabre it was called—as a pure burning blue magnificence that reached across the distance between the charging demon forces. Massive bulky forms were obliterated in the purification of Elemental Magic equal to a true Spear of Odin! They then swivelled their attack, left and right on either side. Sweeping across the lines of charging demons. Wiping out the enemy force in a blaze that was almost blinding even to immortal sight!
The attack had drained both men significantly. Even though it had only lasted a few seconds, but their wives were still drinking in the full force of their link. Combined with the might of that last technique. The ground underneath the remaining enemies was bathed in a rising rupture of crimson fire. Light so bright and deadly even the Hex-Warlords hovering above were forced into retreat by the heat of those flames, or else they would have surely been cooked alive within their Jinn-Shields.
The flames turned demons to ashes in a heartbeat, as Tanriel displayed a new technique to create more warriors in female form. Burning golden orange angels hacking down demons with spears glowing hot blood red. 
But the Hex-Warlords soon returned; they would know those fires would not last. Again, they focused their attacks upon the male Arch. It was always believed that the Arches could never be destroyed, though Tobin began to fear that at this time, with the growing force of all magic in the world, perhaps the Hex-Warlords may be successful.
He beckoned his defenders to swiftly move closer to the Arch, shouting orders to the other warriors to defend their inner circle. Hayley, Janeanne, Adem and Jean were soon assembled on the other side of the male Arch as a link of Shield-Domes went up around the Portal. Alit’aren and Ael Tarael surrounded the Shield-Dome on the outer edges, bars of flame and bolts of lightning flying from fists and fingers to strike at the demons, turning flesh to flame.
The Battle Angels then aimed their attacks at the Hex-Warlords and Hex-Keepers only, trying to force them into a final retreat. Wings of fire blossomed on the backs of many of their Spirit Wardens, and the Warrior Bladesmen rose up to challenge the dark cloaked figures that floated above the chaos. 
Odin and Tohka Reiden aimed blasts of lightning at Pendral’s Shield-Sphere, but the son of Highlander had grown too strong. He laughed at their attempts as his own lightning continued to strike at Tobin’s linked Shield-Domes, as did other bolts of burning crimson that launched from the fists of his Brothers.
He realised then what was necessary, as their own Shield-Spells would not hold long enough. So, with a word in Orion’s ear, the two Alit’aren Aldebrands stepped through the dome. Launching into an aggressive attacking mode against the greatest threats in the room. 
Tobin chose Pendral as his first target. He knew the man would welcome a contest of blades. Tobin charged to leap into the air four times his own height, as Pendral’s sword extended beyond his own Jinn-Shield. Blades clashed with a roar like thunder. He fell to land in a defensive stance as Pendral swooped down with the sword form of Crimson Sun. Blocked by Tobin with Bull Horn. Immortal strength forced the man back with a push of his sword. Pendral landed on the floor, that was still strong enough to hold the people standing on it, yet it continued to flicker as if about to vanish completely.
Tobin glimpsed Orion battling two Hex-Warlords with the same leap and strike technique. Golden blade bursting with orange flames that flowed around his form in a sweeping arc as he hammered at their defences. Odin and Arawn moving into the air on burning wings to pummel two more dark cloaked enemies. Fists of blue lightning entangled the first, as Arawn’s burning red blade hacked repeatedly at the Shield-Sphere of the second.

*** 
Adem knew he could not stand by while others risked their lives to clean up the mess he had made. Even though Tobin looked capable of besting Pendral in a sword fight, Pendral was by far the more powerful wielder of the two.
Rayne was busy holding off attacks from his three closest friends. Ellagon, Ragan and Shaye were persistent and deadly in their formation. Wielding bars of liquid energy that pushed against Shield-Domes created by both Rayne and Rievenna. The two lovers fought back with waves of Elemental Magic, Spirit Wardens of Flame Angels and Burning Dragons hacking and chomping against Jinn-Shields with little effect.
Adem stepped out of the dome to rise off the ground. Wings of Odin flared from his shoulders as his blade was unsheathed. At that moment Carl also stepped out from the male Arch, and summoned Math Mathonwy to join the battle, though Adem told his friend to remain within the dome and watch over Jean.
Adem launched through the air to swoop and strike against Pendral’s Jinn-Shield. His son’s blade rose up to block the strike. Thunder and lightning filled the air at that moment. Tobin moved into an attack against other Hex-Warlords. Emerald blade flaring as he spun and hacked, leapt to chop and batter against blades and shields. Emerald Lions assisting his attacks as they chomped down on Hex-Keeper Jinn-Shields. Distracting other enemies from opening fire. Orion’s Golden Tigers were using the same technique, and so far, Orion had managed to intimidate Arkori into a temporary retreat. He hurled his attacking force at Harkrost. Crimson sword deflecting Orion’s blade swings at immortal speed.
Adem saw all this in the moments that Pendral returned to the skies. Sun and moon flickering from day to night overhead. Adem understood that this would perhaps speed up the passage of time to the point that there would be no winter.
Pendral lunged at his father with crimson blade flickering like a mad adder. Adem moved through practiced forms to deflect those strikes. Defensive, but also deadly if he met his mark, as the blade whirled around his form in an emerald glow. Pendral was aggressive, but Adem again noted the conflict in those eyes. His son was remembering his youth spent with the father that he had loved, though the madness of his mind still made him a vessel for the Jinn-Lord’s control over his soul.
How could he reach him?
‘Would you murder your own father?’ Lightning filled the dark clouded skies above as Adem shouted across the roar of thunder.
‘A father would have stayed to raise his son,’ Pendral snarled in reply. ‘If you had ever truly loved me.’ 
‘I tried to be there as often as I could! There was only so much time I could spend with you! I do love you, my son!’
Pendral laughed, as his blade smashed against Adem’s. The strike sent sparks flying at the same moment that Adem sensed his son’s control over that dark dragon scar upon his chest. It began to drain Adem’s strength, and this gave Adem no insight into how he might use this Dark Magic against his son, despite Carl suggesting that it might become possible.
‘Yes, time, father. That is the answer, of course. How else could you have reached me back then unless through the doorways of time? It was Elarja RinHannen that gave you this ability. He will no longer meddle in our plans. He will become trapped within the Chameleon Arch for all time.’
Pendral launched into a vicious assault. His sword moving faster than Adem could hope to defend. Adem used Odin Wings to move beyond Pendral’s reach. He summoned a true Odin Spear, pointed at his son from the tip of his blade. 
He mouthed the words, ‘I’m sorry.’
A blinding bar of liquid blue flame launched from the emerald sword. Pendral and the light became one. The blast sent the man hurtling beyond the walls of the chamber, perhaps beyond the walls of the city. It was a harsh lesson, but Adem could not allow his son to achieve victory.
Finally, Wil appeared through the Arch. Immediately Dis Pater and Gwydion joined the battle. The attacking strength of Battle Angels now easily enough to force this fight into a swift defeat. 
Dis Pater was a dark shadow wielding his golden axe with ferocious might. Hacking down Boli-Kuldr and slicing Nymloc in halves. Dark blood splattering in the wake of his fury. 
Gwydion hovered in the sky to hurl bolts of blue lightning at Hex-Warlords and Hex-Keepers, as the Battle Angels formed a Link that turned the flickering skies above into a crescendo of lightning bursting from the clouds … From a cloud covered blue sky … A blanket of stars on a field of black. Torrents of energy cascading into the chamber to vanquish demons in blasts of white flame. Bones of Souljhin collapsing in piles. Demons reduced to dust and vapour. 
A ki’mera swarm filled the chamber as Angel-Magic within the Battle Angels increased dramatically. Lightning flaring around enemy Jinn-Shields like claws of vengeance. Crushing their defences, until each man and woman of the Shadow vanished in warps of crimson light.

*** 
Jean breathed a sigh of relief, believing for one moment that it was all over. Then in a flare of crimson, Pendral appeared again. Hovering in the air with that wicked gleam to his eyes, before the man flew like an arrow, to enter the male Arch. The linked Shield-Dome had been removed by Jean and her companions in those moments after the Hex-Warlords retreated.
Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan returned in crimson flares, throwing their beams of energy directly at Rayne and Rievenna, as the two lovers quickly retreated towards the Arch to join the link of Shield-Spells.
Adem waited only moments before his need to save Elarja drove him to make another insane decision. Jean watched her husband drop his blade and also fly into the Arch on Wings of Odin burning blue!
The last to enter was Rayne, when they reached the inner domes and the Hex-Warlords and Hex-Keepers began to reappear. ‘Do not let any more of them enter the Arch!’ Rayne had shouted, before Odin Wings flared from his shoulders—and he also left his blade so as to avoid losing his Battle Angels within that dangerous realm—as he leapt at the Arch to vanish behind its glimmering surface.
The battle began to rage once more. Angels hurling lightning bolts in the form of Serpents and Dragons. Spears of Flame touched ground to burst with walls of golden-orange fire. Burning Hawks, Fire Eagles and Shadow-Flame Crows punched through chests, tearing gaping bleeding holes as demons collapsed. Others tearing out demon eyeballs in snapping blood-soaked beaks. Shadow Hounds ripping out throats, crushing skulls in jaws or shredding flesh and bone with razor sharp claws. A madhouse of energies flying in all directions, as the sun rose; then fell in an instant. A black starlit sky, then a cloud covered day with falling snow. Then a night of flooding rain! Jean cursed the name Elarja for his foolishness. Entering the Arch with such reckless abandon for the sake of Kismeria.
Terese and Isabelle had also joined their circle after battling demons further out. Both once Heroes of Will; they demonstrated strength in terael that was beyond comprehension. At this time when the rules were bent to limitless proportions. Jean knew they were both only concerned for the lives of the Snow Fox and her daughter—despite Isabelle’s latent passion for Adem, something Jean had no hope of ever crushing completely. They stood now beside Jean and Janeanne, using Angel-Magic to add stability to the link of Shield-Domes.
Alit’aren and Ael Tarael as well as hundreds of Forsaken were now entering the chamber. Darkness returned that pushed against their lightning attacks with crushing force. Souljhin began to pour into the chamber via their teleport ability. A number of Jinn-Taps had been thrown about earlier by the Hex-Keepers. Hundreds of the dark cloaked vipers wielding tainted crimson blades!
The battle turned frantic! Warriors fought with a frenzy of Elemental Magic. Forsaken resorting to Jinn-Magic as the only means of taking down Swordsmen of the Shadow. Crimson spears and Pythons of burning Hellfire Acid ripped through demon torsos, skulls, and limbs. Gorging with ravenous appetites as Souljhin bodies fell like melted slag.
Then in a blast of crimson light, a new shadow figure appeared in the centre of the chamber. Of the height of an immortal, the hooded figure raised a fist that burst with red lightning, flaring outwards in a burning sphere! The sphere of light expanded to turn the remaining Souljhin to piles of burning ash. When the energies touched the shields of Hex-Warlords and their Generals, a horrid wail sounded from their enemies, as if they were in excruciating pain.
As the Hex-Warlords and their Generals fled once more, Jean caught a glimpse of the face within that dark cowl. It was Serock! Formerly known as Tairark Vampireking. He was perhaps the most feared Shadow Man in history. Yet also the man who had saved the Sons and Daughter in their first confrontation against the Jinn-Lord. Resulting in the man becoming trapped in Kerak’Otozi for the last thousand years! Jean realised it must have been this tearing of reality that had allowed Serock to escape his imprisonment. This was perhaps the only reason they had survived this ghastly situation.

Chapter 3

Father and Son

Adem hovered in a dome of burning blue-white brilliance. Pendral thirty feet across from him. Crazed face frozen with tension as he fought against the Shield-Traps that were locked down around his form. Rayne was an equal distance to the left of Adem, with Elarja opposite Rayne. The four of them suspended in this alternate dimension where the laws of physics were being torn apart. Time was sliding into a puddle like gel. Space was constricted and at the same time stretched beyond containable proportions.
Adem felt all of these things within his psyche as he struggled against the surging might of Pendral. Using a link with Rayne to stop Pendral from wielding Angel-Magic or Jinn-Magic. They knew Elarja was his primary target, and the very reason Pendral had risked entering the Arch.
Flash!
Adem was sitting beside his son, Pendral, in the palace that was once ruled by Pendral’s grandfather, the Ruhalden King. It was now home to Isabelle and her beloved son. Adem had been here a long time now. Elarja had still not returned to collect him. Over the years spent with Pendral, Adem’s love for his first-born son had grown immensely.
‘Let us play the Game of Spells once more, Father!’ Pendral shouted enthusiastically, his voice now beginning to break as he was entering his early teenage years. ‘Shienden will guard the window while we play!’
Adem was eager to play, though for some reason he also felt a deep yearning to be gone from this place, despite how much it would pain him to leave his son’s side.
‘Another game would be most fun, indeed, Pendral,’ Adem said softly, rubbing his hand through his son’s thick dark locks. ‘But I feel there is urgent business that I must attend elsewhere. I feel it calling to me now. I think it is time I really must be going.’
‘Oh, please, Father! One more game before you must leave! Just once more, Father, please?’
Pendral’s eyes were filled with love and desperation. Adem knew he so very much enjoyed the Game of Spells. Outside it was beginning to rain, but the fire was burning brightly and gave enough warmth to the room despite it being late in autumn. Nearly time for the winter snows.
‘One more game, Pendral, and then I really must leave.’
Flash!
Neither Adem nor Rayne could lash out with Angel-Magic to harm Pendral in this moment frozen in time. They were using all their strength to Shield-Trap the man to keep him from harming Elarja. The Time Strider’s face was a mask of conflicted despair. Adem knew whatever visions Elarja was having were also having great impact on the son of the First Nordic King.
Above the dome of light, a great storm began to surge, as if summoned by the contest of might between Adem and Rayne. Duelling with Pendral’s strength in teron and Jinn-Magic. Then the storm began to swirl down within the dome as a spinning vortex of energies. A force so powerful it would soon draw them into its core.
Adem strained against the surging recurrence of visions that took over during this conflict. Grappling for sanity as images and false memories flashed through his mind. Though he knew they were not entirely unreal, and that Pendral was in fact sharing those visions with Adem. He saw that the experience was also taking its toll upon the crazed mind of his son.
Flash!
Rayne stood in the centre of a courtyard, duelling against his Father, Pendral Dragon-Sword. Hand of the All-Father and Saviour of Kismeria. Rayne’s admiration for his father and the legends that surrounded his name since before birth were dumbfounding to comprehend. He put his father on the pedestal of infallible greatness.
Pendral’s skill with the blade was also beyond measure. He was lightning quick, and his knowledge of forms was exceptional. A blend of ancient techniques mixed with new forms learnt during his time spent amongst the Forsaken, where he became close friends with Lord General Tarz, and taught as much as he learnt from the wielders that were considered cursed outlaws amongst the Free Landers. The Forsaken were also seen as the last great strength in the world. Defending the Green Border from demon invasion for half a millennium. 
‘Let us fight again, my son,’ Pendral said with a warm smile to his eyes. ‘You need the practice, and I will do my part to teach you what I know.’
But it seemed they had fought here in this place for an eternity already, as Rayne began to feel the urgent need of something else calling him away from this place, as much as it pained him to leave his Father, who he loved and admired so deeply.
‘I feel it is time I was about on other business, Father. I really must go.’
‘But you only just arrived, my son. And you still have much to learn.’
‘Still, I feel it has been longer than it should have been, Father. Really, I must leave, now!’
‘Do you not love your Father?’ Pendral asked; his face tinged with a broken emotion, as if he yearned for the love of his son more than anything else on this earth.
‘Of course, Father. I love you very much. Perhaps we will practice once more before the setting of the sun.’
‘Good! That would please me greatly, Rayne, my dear son.’
Flash!
Rayne returned to the dome of light. His body aching from the exertion of will and Angel-Magic that was needed to contain the might of his Father. Pendral’s face was a mask of contorted rage and agony. Rayne saw there too that Pendral had also shared those visions of a sword fight that had lasted generations, or so it seemed! He wondered if those experiences were in fact reaching his father to a degree. Was it possible to win Pendral back?
Flash!
Adem rode in a large coach with curtained windows and wine; bread and cheese on platters; soft silk cushions on the seats and servant girls fanning them from the summer heat. His son Pendral had grown a great deal during their time spent together, and Adem had also found it near impossible to resist the affections of the boy’s mother, as Isabelle was always at his side, begging for intimacy with a burning desire.
They were on their way to another estate where Adem would visit in the summer to taste their finest wines and give his blessing for the harvest festivals that began in spring and lasted to early autumn. It seemed that Adem was becoming too content with the good life, relaxed and perhaps even slovenly with little to do with his time except eat, drink and be merry.
‘Let us take the altherin for a ride, Father! Oh, I do love to open them up on the rolling green meadows. Will you give me Tarkson’s son to ride when the foal is grown to full size and strength?’
‘You already ride a fine horse, my son. I have promised Weiden to be your younger brother’s mount. You know how fond Matthew is of Weiden, and he has cared for the colt since it was a young foal.’
‘You always promise the finest gifts for my brother!’ Pendral snapped in fury. ‘Weiden is the finest altherin alive today. I simply must ride him, Father! We will find another for Matthew to ride! Oh, please, Father, please may we find him another?’
‘I will think on it, my son, for now practice your letters and numbers. The fate of the world is depending on you, Pendral. So much depends on you.’
Flash!
The vision returned to the dome of light, and the storm above was now raging to epic proportions. Adem began to sense that the very dimension itself was in danger of being torn apart. He greatly feared what that might mean in regard to their hopes of escaping. They could not abandon Elarja. He was vital to their cause, and more importantly, reality could not be restored to order unless they managed to get the Time Strider out of the Arch!
He saw great strain on Pendral’s face also, as if his sharing of those visions were eating away at his very core. Building a resistance to the all-powerful grip of the Jinn-Lord and the corruption upon teron. These memories were in some ways real, and it was having a real affect upon his son’s psyche. They could reach him! Adem believed that now, there was still hope!
Flash!
‘Father, please stay!’
‘Pendral, I must go, please understand, my son.’ 

Flash!
‘Please fight another bout with me, Rayne, my son.’
‘The sun is set long ago, Father. I really must be going.’
‘Do you not love your Father, Rayne?’
‘I do, Father. I love you with all my heart.’
‘Then stay and fight another round. It would gladden me greatly.’
‘Alright, Father, one more round; then I really must go.’

Flash! 
‘Don’t you love your son, Father?’
‘I do, Pendral. I love you my son, but I must go.’

Flash! 
‘Bartender, pour another mug of ale for my son, Rayne Dragon-Sword.’
‘Really, Father, it is past time for me to leave.’
‘Do you not have time to sit and drink with your Father? Do you not love me, my son?’
‘I do, Father, really I do, but it is late, and I have other business. I really must be going!’
‘Why must you go? Is there not time enough for business in the morning hours? It is late, as you say, and we have had much to drink. So, let us indulge further and talk of old times missed and futures shared. Stay with me, son. Stay a while longer.’
Flash!
‘Stay, Father, please!’
‘It really is time that I must be leaving, son.’
‘You always leave me, Father! You never loved me! You never loved my Mother the way she deserves! You are a liar and a fraud! I hate you, Father! Hate, hate, hate, I hate you!
‘I love you, Pendral. I love you with all my heart.’
‘Lies, Father! You tell awful, wicked lies!’
‘It is plain truth my son. Please believe me. Please stay by my side a little longer. Please stay with me, Pendral.’
‘No, Father, I have to go!’
‘Stay, Pendral. Stay with me and watch the sunset.’
‘No, I want to go!’
‘We will stay to watch the sunrise again. I will stay the whole time, my son. I promise. I love you, Pendral.’
‘No, Father! No!’
‘Please, Pendral, please stay with me. Tomorrow I will make Weiden your very own, to ride from now until your end of days. Stay a while longer, Pendral, please! Let me make up for all the time we have lost.’
‘You would grant me Weiden, Father? Do you speak truly that Weiden shall be mine?’
‘Of course, Pendral; my dear son. Nothing is too much to ask for my first born and favourite son of all. Just ask and anything that is within my power I shall grant you. Stay with me, Pendral, please won’t you stay?’
Flash! Flash! Glimmer! Flash! Flash! Flicker! Flare!
‘Stay and drink with me a while longer, Father. I long to hear the great tales of the legend of Pendral Dragon-Sword. We have lost so much time already. Let us spend a while longer to get to know one another better!’
‘I’m so sorry, Rayne, but I must be leaving. I have urgent business in the east, and my need to leave is ever pressing.’
‘But we have not shared enough great tales, Father. Stay with me, stay a while longer please, and tell me of your talks with the Giants and Great Invaders from across the West Sea. I am in awe of your history, Father, the people sing songs in your name. Stay a while more, and I shall tell you of my own childhood. How I longed to know my Father. To see his face and hear his voice. To feel his warm hugs on cold nights. To frighten away the monsters that hid under my bed.’
‘I am sorry I could not be around more often, Rayne. But now I really must go!’
‘No, stay, Father, please! Stay and tell me of how you met my Mother. Tell me what kind of woman she was, and the tale of your great love affair.’
‘That was long ago, my son. And it is a tale of great woe for me. A heavy burden to bear. Your Mother, she was ... most beautiful ... and very kind. The day we first met was also the same day my horse Weiden died ... the stallion was charging to meet me and ran too fast. He had a terrible fall ... Weiden was the finest gift my Father ever gave me.’
‘Tell me of your Father, Adem Highlander, please Pendral. I wish to know about the times you shared with him also. The love he showed you. Your fond memories together. Please tell me, Father.’

Flash! Flash! Glimmer! Flash! Flash! Flicker! Flare!

***
Pendral screamed in agony from the visions he was forced to endure, as he returned to the dome of fire where the storm raged chaotically overhead, the vortex finger threatening to drag them to its centre and rip them from the universes entirely. Finally, the visions had changed, finally his father and son had started to beg Pendral to stay, they had wanted him the way he had always needed them, and the pain ripped his heart from his chest like a claw of burning ice!
‘Accursed Father!’ he shouted at Adem Highlander. ‘Accursed son!’ he shouted at Rayne with heartache and mad rage. ‘Damn this accursed family! Damn you both! Burn you all to ashes in eternal Hellfire!’
Pendral’s rage allowed him the strength he needed to break free from their Shield-Traps. His fear of further visions forced him to flee with haste, flying back through the glowing Portal of light. Escaping this cursed realm of horrid visions of past, present, and future. In his heart a young boy was screaming for his father. A grown man was aching for the love of his son. Yet his mind was controlled by darkness and fire. Rage was a madness that defied even the necessary emotion of love. 
They had reached him, just for a moment, but the grip of the Jinn-Lord was impossible to escape. The memory of Weiden’s death also ate away at the very fibres of his being, but a strange kind of healing was also evident, at the memory of the day his Father, Adem Highlander, gifted him the magnificent altherin to ride for his very own. It was the morning after the night he had called Pendral his first born and ‘favourite’ son. A morning when they had stayed awake from sunset the night before and talked until a glorious red and golden sunrise. Precious moments spent between father and son.
Koriken Demonfist felt the grip of the Jinn-Lord crushing the lost soul that was once known as Pendral Dragon-Sword. A massive burning claw of ice that pressed against his flesh and blood, his very spirit, as the curse upon his mind via the corruption upon teron allowed absolute dominance by his new Lord and Master.
YOU LIVE TO SERVE MY WILL, KORIKEN! YOU SHALL BE MY ETERNAL SLAYER, AND THE WORLD SHALL SCREAM AS THEY BLEED FROM YOUR WRATH!
It shall be just as you command, High-Jinn!
Koriken’s mind was a bloodbath of madness and flames. He soared through dimensions to return to his Master’s call. Coursing energies of Jinn-Magic a blissful ecstasy washing upon his heart and soul!

*** 
The aftermath of the battle was a scene of chaos and desolation throughout the palace. Pendral had fled immediately after escaping the Arch, and the Hex-Warlords and their Generals had not returned. Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan also fled. Adem and his companions began to move about the palace to gather reports on fatalities and damage to the fortifications. They heard many tales of the horrors felt by all who had to witness the presence of Heroes of Will and Children of Odin under the spell of possession. Lashing out with Angel-Magic and Jinn-Magic to murder men and women that simply refused to fight back or even defend themselves when faced with such corruption upon humanity.
Apparently, more possession demons were present during the battle, and they had taken more victims. Alit’aren and Ael Tarael also began to turn against their companions, unleashing bars of hot flame to burn both defenders and innocents into cinders!
The situation was desperate. Adem understood Jean’s urgent need to assemble a force of Druids to create another miracle cure, to aid them against the corruption upon teron and the curse upon terael. The fact that Rayne’s experience told them how strong the Jinn-Lord and his possession demons had become was also proof that the need to discover a cure created an imminent threat upon the Sons and Daughter—along with any other wielder that could become a Servant of the Shadow under such soul and mind control—as well as an equal urgency to discover a way to combat this threat. It could spell disaster in short order if Adem or his Brothers were taken victim.
The coin needed to gather the Druids and the resources they required to begin their work was no obstacle for Jean. Adem lent his full support in every way to ensure that Jean felt her plans would succeed, and fast! Within a matter of hours, they had gathered Druids and White-Witches from all corners of the Free Lands, using portals and a network of recruitment teams to locate the men and women. More were gathered over the days and weeks that followed, as chemistry labs were set up in the major cities and strongholds. These wise minds began their work with some assistance from Carl, who Adem understood had done some research into medicines during their time spent back on Earth.
There were no further attacks by the Shadow during that time, though Elarja’s duration spent within the Chameleon Arch had resulted in irreversible effects upon the very nature of space and time. The fabric of reality was still in desperate need of repair, or at least a chance to stabilize. It was occurring all over the world. A repeat of the effects witnessed during Elarja’s time within the Arch. A sword of solid steel might become slack like gel, only to return to full solidity a moment later. Then to air in timing with the wielder’s breath. A wall might appear where one had not existed moments before, or a door might disappear then reappear elsewhere, to later be replaced by solid brick and mortar.
Day and night had returned to a natural order, but just as Adem had predicted, winter had come and gone in a matter of hours. Early spring was melting the snows and frost across the Free Lands. The sun would shine brightly in a pale blue sky with occasional grey rain clouds, but new life was still beginning. Flowers bloomed, fresh leaves grew on the trees, bees buzzed to gather their pollen and birds nested to lay eggs once more.
The greatest concern was Serock’s knowledge that Elarja’s destruction to the fabric of space and time had also greatly increased the potential for the Jinn-Lord to escape his imprisonment in Kerak’Otozi, perhaps much sooner than might have been possible otherwise. Time was running out for them. The Shadow grew in its might with every passing day.
During the third week the Druid Allor MorKondeith requested the presence of the Sons and Daughter to sample his newly discovered miracle cure. The Nordic-blood was over seven hundred years old, blue eyed with silver hair and a flowing white beard, though the darkness of corruption was no longer evident in his eyes, which was promising. It suggested to Adem that his potion was having the right effect.
‘I must warn you,’ Allor said carefully with a slightly amused smile to his eyes, ‘the potion will have side effects.’
‘What kind of effects?’ Jean asked with great interest.
‘Call it a strong batch, my Lady Snow Fox,’ Allor replied with a tight grin. ‘The effects will be in some ways an enhancement of the senses, similar to wielding Angel-Magic. However, some side effects may seem more of a hindrance. I shall work at perfecting the preparation techniques to attempt to eradicate such side effects.’
The Druid did not have to spell it out any more clearly, and so, understanding the risks, but also spurred on by the necessity to remain clear of mind, they each took a sip of the potion. As did their other companions, including Terese, Hayley and Isabelle, Rayne and Rievenna, Janeanne, Arig and the former rulers of Nordhel and Tarvel.
The effect upon the mind was almost instantaneous. Adem suddenly felt revived and relieved of his ailments. His mind soothed and calmed beyond measure. ‘I feel no side effects,’ he commented to the Druid, to which Allor replied with a sparkling smile to his eyes, ‘Give it a while, my Lord Dragon.’ 
‘The important thing is that it works!’ Jean said. ‘I feel restored to full capacity of mind and will, something I have struggled with for a very long time. We will retire to our chambers and wait out these side effects. Girls in one room, boys in another. Just as a precaution in case the effect is also that of a powerful love tonic.’
‘Your hunger will be sated,’ Allor said in an amused tone, ‘though I advise you all to have a quick bite early on. Try to avoid any alcohol and sip water sparingly but remain well hydrated.
‘I will be here at my work until the early hours if there are any questions.’

Chapter 4

Expressions of Euphoria

As they were turning to leave Allor spoke again. ‘One more important matter I nearly forgot to mention. Try to resist your temptation to wield Angel-Magic.’
‘Why?’ Jean asked with concern.
‘You will notice a surge in your ability to sense and draw from teron or terael, but also a dramatic increase in the amount you are able to draw and contain. The desire to drink in this glory is not only a danger of drawing too much and losing control. It would also increase the chances of being blocked from your ability to wield.’
That same smile touched his eyes. ‘You will soon see what I mean.’ Adem then understood the dramatic size of the dark centres of the Druid’s eyes. Beyond even the standard of immortals when wielding. He also saw a sparkle of enjoyment in those large blue orbs. A glistening magic dancing across the dark centres that assured Adem the medicine was also a powerful intoxicant. Carl did not look at all pleased at this revelation.
Adem had a fair idea of what to expect, and so, as the men and women made their way together to the same Dining Hall, each man and woman ate sparingly as if already feeling quite full, or perhaps a little nauseous. Adem also receiving a number of seductive grins with large orb-like eyes staring first from his wife, and then from Isabelle also, when the Hero thought his wife was not paying attention. 
Jean saw though, nothing escaped her in that regards. Especially with her link of senses with Adem via the kigare. She would know his guilt in an instant from such affections regardless of whether Arawn spoke to Tanriel or Anwen via their telepathic communications. Jean did not appear or feel at all upset in this instance however, she simply looked his way and smiled again. Her countenance simply beaming with joy and perhaps an increase in attraction to her husband!
There was quiet conversation between each group that stood around sampling duck, turkey or chicken sandwiches, and a little cheese to finish off as the women sampled a small goblet of wine each and the men tasted a new batch of cider that was a strong alcoholic kind. Each only had a few sips as the effects of the potion was soon washing over them all, and the Druids advice that it would not mix well with alcohol was evident in every face that suddenly appeared a little off balance. Even the immortals appeared a little giddy!
‘Enjoy your alone time, boys!’ Terese remarked as the men and women parted ways, the men waited for the women to leave first and then Adem, Carl, Wil, Arig, Rayne, Tobin and Orion stood around a while longer before the Demon-Slayer suggested, ‘I think the Royal Pipe Chambers will be fitting for this experience. There will be a warm fire and comfortable seating with a fair variety of books to read over while we sit and wait.’
‘A splendid suggestion,’ Adem replied; ‘though I am not much in the mood for books right now. I find music is always the best companion to experiences such as we might expect the near future to hold for us.’ And with those words, Adem reached into his black Alit’aren coat pocket to produce his phone, charged with a little Angel-Magic. He plugged his earphones in and began to play one of his favourite artist’s albums. The music would soothe him at least, and although he did not want to seem rude or unsociable, he knew the music would carry him through the ordeal better than reading or casual conversation would on its own.
By the time they reached the Pipe Chambers—a well-furnished room with seating for twenty or more, other seats taken by other Alit’aren and male Forsaken that had also had a sample of the potion—Adem was suddenly revelling in the aforementioned side effects. Experiencing now the early presence of the positive effects explained by the Druid.
He felt light-headed, but glorious. Calm and perhaps a little heavy in his limbs, but also light and strong in his muscles. A warm glow flowing through his heart and soul. His vision had improved dramatically, very similar to when wielding teron. He could see enhanced detail in everything he looked at. His friends. His surroundings. Every line and crevice on the ornate gilded framework of walls and picture frames, to the emanating glow of the crackling fireplace. Burning away within his mind as an abstract sense of his environment. Glowing with magnificence both in front of him and behind his eyes.
He enjoyed this very much, so far only a little concerned that another side effect might by a reversal of the miraculous healing qualities of the potion upon his mind. The music helped. Elation and a greater source of warmth washed over his every fibre. A slight tingling and cooler sensation both across the surface of his skin and seemingly in the very air surrounding him. Breath of the Snow Gods gently blowing across his form and circulating the room around his physical form. It was a little more than delightful, but this was only the beginning. After a while Carl and Wil did not look like they could deny enjoying it also.
Time began to slide into a slippery liquid. Space seemed insubstantial one moment, then solid a moment more. Adem was unsure if this was a sensory perception or the very nature of the world in a state of unrest. Refreshments were ordered but the men ate little if anything, their hunger now satisfied. Perhaps a slight nausea returning at the sight of food.
Orion and Tobin sat talking with Arig, as the three men smoked pipes in front of the open flames. Faces subdued. Eyes a little more shiny than usual. Glazed but also alive with fire. Adem noted a fierce surge in his sense of teron. Met with an overwhelming urge to reach for Angel-Magic at full force. He felt his ability to draw from that wellspring of light and terror to be much greater than should be possible. Perhaps even equal to the time they had discovered the Heart of Odin, or when he had wielded the Fists of Odin. It was an electrifying sensation. Spellbinding and terrifying. That mix of Light and Shadows was perceived in such vast torrents, yet still just beyond his reach despite his urge to grasp hold at full force and drink in that purifying yet corrupting paradox of flowing energy.
As time passed, he felt the waves of drowsiness creep over his mind. Accompanied by a slight blurring of his vision, and although he was still in a state of enjoyment, he would have to label this effect as being one of the negatives. He saw Carl and Wil were at the same stage of effect. Seeming to also be at the realisation that this would not be suitable for experiencing during a serious conflict. Admittedly, it left them all quite vulnerable as states of euphoria washed over their expressions. They were all very sane, but they were also intoxicated to the point of a fault. The potion would need perfecting.
He removed one of his headphones from the left ear to discuss this matter with Carl, as Adem admitted to his friend, ‘Obviously some of these side effects are simply unacceptable. I can talk with Allor now. Would you like me to? I feel like a walk. Rayne can accompany me, and we will talk as we go. 
‘Rayne, will you join me?’
A sedated looking Rayne Dragon-Sword nodded with empathy burning in his large blue eyes. A sign that he too was overwhelmed with the current effect but more than willing to spend time with his grandfather.
‘Unacceptable is understating it a little, I think, Adem!’ Carl replied after a time, as if lost in his own thoughts or conversation with his Battle Angel. ‘This is the cure, to be certain. But it is also ... pure ecstasy!’
‘It would appear that way.’ Adem’s eyes were half lidded as surges of elation rushed through his system.
‘I did not assist them with any direction heading towards such side effects. I don’t know if it is safe, for you especially.’
‘It will make us well again,’ Adem said. ‘We must guard ourselves against madness. It makes us puppets for possession demons. They have already proven themselves to have grown in strength to a great extent. We must use the cure until a better version can be created.’
‘You are probably right, Adem. But I don’t like it one bit. It puts us all at risk. How can we be expected to fight in this state? Our concentration is sometimes high, sometimes very low and disabled. 
‘What do you think, Wil?’
‘I like it,’ Wil said. ‘It is calming; yet invigorating. I feel stronger now than I ever have before, at least since we discovered the Heart of Odin.’
‘That is true,’ Carl admitted. ‘Go and talk with Allor. I will also investigate his preparation techniques and ingredients further in the next day or two. Tell him to expect a visit from me very soon.’
As Adem walked with his grandson through the halls of the palace, they talked at intervals while Adem kept one headphone in his left ear, Rayne walking and talking on his right side. As they made the journey towards Allor’s laboratory, Adem and also Rayne became acutely aware of the effects upon Jean and Rievenna, as well as Hayley via their shared kigare connection.
The women were also enjoying the effects it seemed. Arawn and Odin informed the pair that the women were having some sort of a party in Jean’s sleeping chambers. A large room that Adem was not invited to share, since that last kiss from Isabelle. Adem and Rayne told their Battle Angels to inform the women that they were on their way to meet them however, and when Adem stepped through the bedchamber doorways—that were well guarded by several Ael Tarael with similar expressions of having tasted the potion—he looked upon a scene that was suddenly heart-warming and at the same time a little perplexing.
There was music in the room, aided by their female Battle Angels to add volume and rhythm similar to that of a symphony orchestra, though Hayley, Terese, Rievenna and Janeanne were all playing musical instruments. A drum. Harp. Tambourine and flute. To Adem’s absolute astonishment, Jean and Isabelle were dancing like two young girls at the village fair!
Arm in arm they danced around in circles as Rayne and Adem watched in horror of the absurdity of what they were seeing. Not that they did not want the women to have a nice time together, but Jean and Isabelle had been at odds from word go, and Adem had always believed there would forever be a deep burning chasm between them over their envy of one another’s relationship with Adem.
The two women broke off from their linked arms as Jean stood stomping one foot gently and clapping her hands together softly in time with the drumbeats. Isabelle was now aware of their presence, but it was not until Adem stood beside his wife to tap her gently on the shoulder that she looked up with blue eyes burning with sensory pleasure. Wrapping both arms tightly around her husband as she spoke softly to say, ‘Oh! My darling sweetheart! Isn’t it wonderful? I feel so alive. My heart is on fire! Plus, it is on fire for you, my dear beloved. I will never let you go again!’
Adem stroked her back caressingly as he replied, ‘Don’t you think it is a little too strong?’
‘Oh, yes! It will definitely need some tweaking to get it right. But can we not just enjoy this moment together and feel the bliss of the energy and life coursing through our veins? Hold me tighter, my love. I’ve missed you terribly. This has only made me realise how much I need you.’
‘I’m very pleased to know that; my darling wife.’
And suddenly, after hearing those words, Adem began to feel an even greater form of healing take hold of him. His heart opened up for the first time he could remember in a very long time. Warmth and energy flowing from his core to revitalise his flesh and bones in a way he had not experienced since long ago. It reminded him again of that night at Bright: when his transformation first began. But also, he then understood the true capacity of a cure to return not only his mind, but also his heart and soul to full health. It seemed this unusually prepared potion had the capacity to do just that. Combined with Jean’s loving words, but also a kind of spiritual healing that reminded him of his old dedication and service to his one true Lord and Master. His devotion to God. It seemed he had been forsaking that dedication for a very, very long time. During so many years spent with a sick mind and evil corroding his heart. In the grip of that burning claw of ice that crushed with such venomous hate!
He understood then that defeating the Jinn-Lord would require this blend of vital elements. Medication. The love of his wife, family, and friends. But also, and most important of all, he had to make his peace with the Creator. Ask for forgiveness for all the terrible sins he was responsible for, but also to ask for the strength of mind, and heart, and will, to dominate and overcome the terrible allure of the Shadow.
 He knew that if he did not receive this blessing from the Lord, he would surely fall victim to the clutches of the Jinn-Lord. Just as his poor dear son Pendral had become such a helpless pawn of the Shadow’s manipulations and mind control before him. Despite this knowledge, at the moment he did not have the courage to even begin such a conversation with the Creator. 
He was ashamed and wretched. Confused and downhearted. Despite the glowing burning magnificence that was beaming throughout his every fibre. More and more as he held Jean in that soft and loving embrace. If it had only been Jean present then and there, he believed he might have even broken down to tears. Instead he quivered in her arms, doing his best to hide it from all that were looking upon them. He sensed Jean also on her best efforts to uphold the dignity of the Blue Water Dragon.
‘I love you, Jean Highlander. I love you more than words could ever tell.’
As the music continued and the other women clapped and cheered in jubilation, Jean sent through the kigare only two words; I know.

***
As Rayne and Adem continued their walk towards visiting the Druid, Allor, Rayne was still revelling in the effects of the miracle potion. Not only as a powerful stimulant, with waves of drowsiness and euphoria occasionally washing over him, but also the alarmingly positive effect it was also having upon his mind.
Despite the awe-inspiring extravagance of pleasure and empathy that he was experiencing, he also felt perhaps saner than he had felt at least since harnessing Angel-Magic during his time spent in the ancient past. As here too, the taint felt cleansed. There were no shadow eels of corruption coursing through the lightning in his veins. Even now while he was still just sensing for Angel-Magic, rather than drawing upon it. Despite the urgent temptation with which he perceived teron just beyond his reach.
Even without touching Angel-Magic, he felt that at this point, even if the Hex-Warlords and Hex-Keepers had attacked while they were somewhat weakened by drowsy effects of the potion, the strength he would have in teron and his capacity to draw so deeply from it would make it easy enough for him to smash his enemies into submission or defeat. He considered perhaps this was the only reason the Jinn-Lord had not yet sent his Servants to attack them at this point in time.
While Adem walked listening to his musical device, Rayne became somewhat intrigued by it. He asked if he could take a look at the machine that had inspired Pendral Dragon-Sword to invent the first Komputah so very long ago.
‘The name seems to have been lost in translation somewhat,’ Adem explained. ‘Perhaps a result of our accents. The true name for it is a computer, starts with a “c” and ends in an “e” and an “r”. This was also used for communication back home. It’s basically a computer phone.’
Rayne investigated the code within the flat crystal screen encased with metal. Rayne had been able to read the system codes for many of Komputah’s devices from an early age. Some link to his father’s magic, and he used this now—with assistance from Odin and Tohka Reiden—to replicate the music and singers within the device. Amplifying it across the air surrounding Adem as they walked.
His grandfather was spellbound by the occasion. Raising his arms and moving in circles as he gazed at the grey stone ceilings. Those flat rectangular hallways where they walked occasionally supported by thick pillars of stone, often dark, but others beige coloured with symbols of colour, inscriptions, writings, and other images. Heavily armoured guards often seen patrolling in the distant light of lamps.
Adem was still in this trance like state when Rayne suddenly pressed a firm hand to his chest to hold him from taking another step. They both gazed at the stone and red carpeted hallway a foot ahead of them—that had been solid ground a moment before—to see a wide gaping pit that was very deep and lined with tall thick stone spikes sticking up from the base.
It was another example of the unbalance of space and time since Elarja had entered the Arch, but it was also enough for Adem to comment with a disturbed expression, ‘The Jinn-Lord must be having some influence there also.’ He then thanked Rayne and said that he was very grateful before they both floated across the chasm on Odin Wings to land and walk on the flat surface beyond.
At that moment that Rayne allowed his spirit to drink in some of the seemingly pure springs of teron, his drowsiness vanished. He was suddenly extremely revived and alert. Apparently, some negative side effects would vanish during the time that they held Angel-Magic.
Rayne allowed the music and singing to play once more, but only after he said; ‘Please try to stay a little more alert, grandfather.’ Adem nodded with wide blue eyes glaring with health but also stark dread burning. 

*** 
When Adem entered the Druid’s chemistry chamber, the glass flasks and bubbling gourds under flame were still busy preparing fresh batches of potion, but Allor was nowhere to be seen. Adem called his name, as he smelled something in the air that brought back old memories, and his concern grew at that point.
When Allor stepped out from behind a red curtain with a large brown bowl pipe between his teeth, he approached Adem and Rayne to hold open a leather pouch that contained a green substance—the source of the odour, mixed with fine tobacco—that also made Adem’s eyebrows rise. 
‘It’s called menuhybe,’ Allor began saying, ‘a kind of medicinal— ’
‘I know what it is,’ Adem replied, cutting the man off mid-speech. ‘I have used its kind back home, and my psychiatrist insists it is at the core of the onset of my condition—that and a variant of this chemical compound you call a curing potion—and I can honestly tell you I don’t recommend you or anyone else smoking it.’ Despite those words, Adem was suddenly more than a little tempted to try a puff.
‘I find it is remarkably invigorating, but also relaxing,’ Allor replied with a hurt expression. ‘More importantly, I use it to reverse the stimulating effects of the potion. It helps me settle down to sleep. I must tell you, Lord Adem, I have also ordered that vast plantations be set up as part of the ongoing treatment to compliment my potion. The Eva’Hahlen have already been assisting their rapid growth.’
‘Burn the crops,’ Adem replied in a stern tone.
‘That seems a tad drastic,’ Allor replied with greater caution, and then he turned to Rayne to ask, ‘Would you like to try some?’
‘He can certainly do without it,’ Adem said with a sweeping gesture of his right hand. ‘I’m sure you will find with sufficient testing that this is not good for anyone suffering a mental illness. As you are our Master Druid, and the first to create a sufficient potion, I will allow you to use it in moderation. But the crops must be destroyed. That is my order.’
‘Very well, my Lord Dragon. It will be as you command.’
‘I also wanted to discuss the hypnotic effects of this potion. Particularly the drowsiness.’
‘Have you allowed yourself to touch Angel-Magic?’ Allor asked with glistening dark eyes.
‘Only for a short time,’ Adem replied.
‘Reach for it now,’ Allor said. ‘Then try to describe to me how you feel.’
Adem and Rayne both reached for a portion of the vast torrents of teron available to them while under the effects of the potion. Adem instantly felt extremely alert. More capable and quicker in his wits and potential reflexes. His thoughts were immediately clearer. Vision sharp and every detail of the Druid’s features more greatly defined.
‘I feel much better,’ he admitted.
Allor smiled, before he replied, ‘When you hold Angel-Magic your senses will adjust accordingly. Your drowsiness should vanish in an instant. I am sure you can sense the potential for causing damage with such vast amounts of teron available to you.’
‘That is a positive!’ Rayne said. ‘Could I just try one puff, grandfather?’
‘One puff only, Rayne.’ 
While Rayne and Allor shared more than a few puffs, Adem began to get anxious to return to his friends and talk more while in this state. His recent revelation about his obligations to the Lord made him desperately need further counsel from Carl, who was all knowledgeable on such matters. At least much more than Adem.
He nodded to Allor after saying, ‘Carl will see you in the morning to discuss modifications to the preparation methods. Otherwise, I commend you on a job well done.’
‘I fear Lord Carl will be sleeping in, after a long night spent awake and talking with his dearest friends,’ Allor replied again with that assuring grin.
There were seven Alit’aren also present in the chamber. Seated or standing along the sides of the room in their black coats and trousers. Each man was showing the effect of also sampling the potion, and supplies were being delivered every hour that a fresh batch could be created. Sent to the most crucial defences throughout the fortress. With possession demons gaining strength, they needed every wielder as sane as could possibly be.
Another host of Alit’aren, Aldebrands and Ael Tarael also guarded the door and hallway beyond the Druid’s lab. Adem spoke kind words to each of them with a growing sense of responsibility when he saw the way they stared back at him. So full of hope for four strangers from a distant land—and a place in which they were once as helpless as any mortal of Kismeria—whom this world had prayed to arrive since the Dawn of Ages.

*** 
Carl was counting the number of angel figurines carved upon the cornices of the smoking chamber, for the forty-seventh time, when Adem and Rayne returned. The potion was having a severe effect upon Carl’s state of mind. Not just in a positive way in regard to it having reversed the mental illness that had been taking hold of every one of them, but it was also strong in its euphoric capacities to the extent that at times he felt quite hypnotised, and other times he felt about as alert as a ferret racing down a rabbit hole!
He noticed the change in Adem’s face when he first walked back in the room. Carl had sensed the change when it first took hold. Waves of emotion had been shared between them, yet Carl was still unsure what it was all about.
Adem and Rayne sat back on chairs beside Carl and Wil, but suddenly Adem asked that he and Carl be given some time to talk alone. The other two men stood to make their way to chairs alongside Tobin, Orion and Arig, just as Elarja and his father Rodin Cloud-Walker also entered, the two men also showing in their facial expressions that they had also tasted the potion.
‘I need to talk to you about some important matters,’ Adem began, as Carl urged him on, saying, ‘I guessed you might. Please, ask away.’
Adem sat with his fingernails clutching the padding of the blue armchair like claws clinging on for dear life with a tense expression before he asked, ‘What is it that you dream of mostly?’
‘I dream of a lot of things, Adem. I dream of my wife and daughter; our lives together, and also all sorts of silly things that don’t seem to matter when I wake up. Why? What do you dream of most?’ Carl had omitted some details there, and he was expecting Adem’s answer to be exactly what he then heard.
‘I dream of Bright, Carl. Every night I dream of our experience at Bright, that night.’
‘Tell me more.’
‘It’s not always the same, but it is always about a haunting, and usually a haunted house. Since first arriving in Kismeria I have dreamt of other things concerning the fate of this world, but you could say my recurring nightmare ever since that night is a re-enactment of being haunted by the Ghosts of Bright.’
‘I admit, Adem, I have had similar recurring dreams since that night also.’
‘I knew it!’ Adem said as if he had discovered a precious relic that pleased him immensely. ‘Do you wake in a fit of horror or sometimes just remain asleep while that paralysing fear takes hold? Do you feel helpless to do anything but drink in the fear of sensing pure evil in your presence?’
‘I can’t rightly say, Adem. Perhaps it is a bit of both.’ He didn’t particularly like where this was going, and he wondered what Adem might be trying to get at.
‘The point is those nightmares are reflections of our internal scarring. Scars upon our psyche. Due to our horrific experience at Bright. Don’t you agree?’
‘Perhaps,’ Carl admitted.
‘And so, if we are all scarred in this same way, it is physical proof of the psychological damage of that “real experience”. Something that was in no way imagined or a delusional state of mind. It was in fact a true miracle of proof of the supernatural. I’m just reminding you of this so that you can take that in and consider that perhaps we actually were chosen for this mission, back then. Selected by fate to become who we are. I believe that experience is what makes us strong enough to face the Jinn-Lord.’
‘I understand what you are trying to say. About destiny. About us being the Chosen. It’s all very possible. Perhaps even quite likely, but that is not all you wish to discuss with me. I know that much.’
‘You are very perceptive, Carl, as always. The truth is I don’t really know how to explain what I’m experiencing right now, but to sum it up, call it a hope for redemption for my life of many sins.’
‘You wish to enter Heaven when you die?’
‘Doesn’t everyone? Even those that don’t have faith expect to go to Heaven if there is such a place. But I don’t like my chances to be quite honest. When Pendral wounded me, I thought I died. What I saw, was being dragged down into the pits of Hellfire. Up until now I have been almost accepting of that fate, but now I wonder, don’t I deserve better? It’s true I’ve taken many human lives, but it always seemed to be for the greater cause of saving an entire world. There is so much weight of responsibility placed upon the four of us. Sometimes it is very hard to understand the right and most just course of action.’
‘I know only too well just exactly what you mean.’ They both paused for a time, mulling over those thoughts until Carl felt the urge to warn Adem of something, but it was also risking much. ‘I have to tell you something, Adem, about what I saw the second time I entered the Arch. It’s very important.’
‘Do not utter a word of what you saw,’ Adem replied. ‘You know it is forbidden to discuss such things. I’ve even done some research into the prophecies surrounding discussion of what is witnessed inside the Arches. What it shows you is a vision of the future in some cases, and when those secrets are told, it causes holes and trenches to form in the pathways of what was intended as the true destiny, the Lord’s plans. These trenches grow into canyons the more the truths are told. Disrupting fate as the true timelines fall and are dragged into those gaping holes, often bringing the influence of the Jinn-Lord into the true path to potentially catastrophic results.
‘Whatever it is, I don’t want to hear it. I’m sure it is very important if you wish to tell me, but please keep it to yourself. We all have to try to find the best path based on what each of us has witnessed.’
‘Those are very wise words indeed, Adem.’ Carl decided to keep that knowledge to himself for now, though his need to confess what he had seen was eating a vast hole inside his soul, as a deep pain began to grow within his heart.

*** 
Adem waited for Carl to continue the conversation, and after a time he narrowed his gaze to say, ‘Let’s talk more about your hopes of salvation. You know I can’t provide you with an all-powerful soul cleansing invocation to grant you the Lord’s good favour. Even if it were in my power I do not believe in that kind of tradition. I do not think that is the best course of action.
‘I believe you must try to work things out for yourself. Have you prayed at all since we returned to Kismeria? Have you ever asked God to forgive your sins?’
‘I only really know the Lord’s prayer,’ Adem admitted. ‘And I’m not really accustomed to having a deep conversation with the Lord. But right now, with my mind clear of any illness, I’m asking myself, “Don’t I deserve better than eternity in Hell?” Aren’t I worthy of salvation, after all the good I’ve done in this world?’
‘We are judged for the good and the bad, Adem. Every word. Every thought. Every action. I still believe it is possible for you to redeem yourself for what you have done, the lives you have taken. If it were not possible, I might be just as worthy of damnation, so I have to believe there is hope. We have all done good things in this world, but we have all committed terrible acts also, whether we believed it was right or necessary at the time.’
‘So how much hope is there?’ Adem asked. 
‘I can’t answer that for you, Adem. It is up to God to judge us all. But perhaps by continuing our quests and possibly reaching the outcomes we strive for, we can balance the good with the bad, and hope for a positive result at the day of judgement. We cannot escape our own deaths. It is inevitable, even for immortal kind. What we will see and experience after life is the great adventure, the unchartered territory. 
‘I can also tell you that everything I was taught as a child tells me that if we receive the blessings and forgiveness of God, and are allowed to enter Heaven, death will not be such a heavy burden. Some say it will be paradise beyond imagining. I don’t know if that is all true, but you have to admit it sounds better than Eternal Hell.
‘I also believe you will make your peace with God before your time is due. You just have to work out the right way, and the right time. After you let go of all that anxiety and suffering. Accepting that in most cases what you did was necessary, even if it was not right.
‘The last point is that as a Christian we believe that only through worshipping Jesus can we reach our goal of Eternal Salvation. You don’t often talk of Christ, and I don’t believe you often pray to him either. My belief is that you also need to make your conversations with the Son of God deeper and more prevalent. Our teachings suggest that is the ultimate way to hope for forgiveness of sin.’
There were many words of truth in that for Adem to consider, not only the doctrine that he already knew quite well, but perhaps required reminding of, but also Carl’s knowledge that there was a block in Adem’s heart and soul that kept him distant from the two Spirits that he should have worshipped and cherished as most Sacred. Even in this world where the Great Angels so often seemed his greatest allies.
‘I will do my best,’ Adem said.
‘Try to get some sleep, soon. I know you are wide awake right now, but hopefully putting your head on a pillow will bring pleasant dreams, now that your mind is clear.’

*** 
Adem did not wish to retire at this stage however, and so, after more important talk, Carl reached for his obsidian spear. The chunky dark glass felt warm in his grip as the increased flows of teron slid into the rod, that began to glow and emanate a hot crimson light. Carl began to hum to himself in slow almost silent prayer that began to sound like a chant, growing in volume as Adem also began to wield Angel-Magic into his emerald blade. The weapon now unsheathed and seated across his lap as his sword also began to glow and resonate with the flows of teron. Filling it with new strength and enchantment. The two weapons becoming more powerful Resting Points for their Battle Angels, but also more deadly conduits of force to unleash against their enemies.
After a time, with the other men gathered in the room looking upon their work with some wonder and admiration, Orion and Tobin began a chant of their own in deep rhythmic voices that spoke of their immortal lineage. Their song was joined by Elarja and Rodin, and then Rayne too began to sing in the ancient Nordic tongue, that was translated to Carl’s mind via Math Mathonwy. His Battle Angel now also quite awake and aware of the transformation to his Resting Point. Carl sensed a growing connection with the Angel, but also a steady increase in the attacking strength of Math. His endurance, and also providing a sort of cleansing to the taint that had afflicted them for a thousand years and more.
As the song of the immortal blood began to fill the chamber, Carl sensed that his spell of improving Angel-Magic of his weapon was being studied and copied by the other men in the room. Each held their own blade or spear or axe, including Wil, and the very air began to seemingly hum with the resonance of Angel-Magic. It filled the room and the men who were wielding it.
Carl was unsure why he had begun the process. He had only worked at improving his weapons a number of times the first time he was here, and his knowledge of the concept was vast due to his memories from the Arch, but he had not spent much time considering the value of such improvements. It required a heavy store of ki’mera from each of them, and this was a part of the sense of that force that filled their every fibre. A connected feeling shared amongst them as they worked with teron to multiply the potential for this act of enchantment, that was seeming to amplify beyond the very walls. Aldebrands and Alit’aren began to enter the room with cautious expressions. They would feel the weight of that link of teron, and perhaps fear its potential for destruction.
The other Alit’aren in the room also had drawn their blades and joined in the ritual. Each man harnessing vast flows of Angel-Magic to dramatically enhance the weapons for destructive force. But also healing and rejuvenation spells. Shield-Spells and teleportation. It was making each man in this room a level apart from most others. Perhaps even more than General Tarz and his closest advisors, as the increased power of the weapon added to the wielding capacity of the one who held it. Effectively creating stronger Magicians.
The intoxicating potency of the potion also added to the state of heightened awareness, while providing a wellspring of teron to draw from. Aiding the guidance of the Angel-Magic with ever increasing intensity. A sensation similar to feeling an incredible building of mass and gravity within the weapon. Within his soul, and within their shared connection throughout the chamber. Dominating their hearts and minds as time slowed to hours within seconds. Days within minutes. Each breath seemed to be a great exertion under the labour of withstanding that incredible mass and weight.
There was no need for them to link to increase the strength of the Angel-Magic, though they were connected in a new way, unlike anything Carl had experienced before. A bond of mind and spirit, as the energies harnessed and controlled by each of them was shared amongst them and flowed into their enchanted weapons. A searing blistering magic that coalesced in the very air about their heads. Driving their focus and fuelling their power source. It was electrifying! Every part of his skin was tingling with brightness, as he harnessed more of the Angel-Magic. Teron filling him to excruciating and magnificent harmony.
If the Hex-Warlords chose to attack them now, despite their focus on their work, Carl knew he would smash them into oblivion. Perhaps even ridding this world of their corruption, once and for all. Yet he knew they would not dare attack at this moment, although Pendral and the rest were surely aware of the vast amounts of Angel-Magic that was flowing through the men in this room. Enough to vanquish a nation of warriors with one gesture. Level mountains with Fire-Magic. Create floods with Water-Magic. Rip the great trees from their roots in a blast of Air-Magic. With Earth-Magic they could reshape this land again, as it had been done during the Age of Chaos by thousands of mad Alit’aren on a rampage.
Carl’s chest was aflame with a cool bright white burning. Searing his heart and soul with cleansing purity. Coolness flowing down through his body and into his bones. Turning flesh to frozen crystals. His blood flowing warm and rich with currents of teron in his soul. His vision appeared trapped behind layers of glass. Flooded with waves of water. Soaking his view of the glowing weapons and the men that were chanting in proud Nordic Tongue, until that glass view appeared to shatter! He lost control of the Angel-Magic, but not to the result of danger to those around him. It was simply an ending to this level of spell wielding, as he looked down upon the dark spear to see it glowing with new runes of burning gold. Actually, formed of real gold that had grown within the weapon during the transformation, though he did not understand fully what this meant. Only that the incantation had altered the very make up of some parts of the obsidian spear. He sensed also that it had turned the weapon to almost unbreakable components.
While they were resting Adem asked, ‘Do you think this new enchantment will enable you to exorcise these possession demons that hold our friends as captives more easily?’
Carl gripped the weapon, allowing the new levels of Angel-Magic to flow through him via the enchantment and the enhancing nature of the potion before he replied, ‘It will require something stronger also. I took note of the strength of those demons that possessed Rayne’s friends when we exited the Arch. I believe it will require the Fists of Odin; or something of similar strength in teron to assist me to drag those demons out.’
Taking a moment to discuss this silently with their Battle Angels, Arawn soon confirmed to Carl via Math that Pendral had been gifted the Fists of Odin during the Age of Chaos, and that they had not been seen or heard of for hundreds of years. When Carl discussed this fact with Adem, Elarja approached and suggested, ‘Perhaps we can risk another visit to the past to try to achieve this goal,’ his immortal hearing missed nothing. ‘But I have seen great dangers associated with this also, of which I will not speak. It is however also my belief that Adem must obtain the Fists once more, or another item of great wielding capacity, if he is ever going to be able to defeat Pendral.’
‘Getting our companions back safely is most important, right now,’ Adem replied. ‘We shall all have a good rest, and then I will return to Pendral to discover where he placed the Fists. Arawn says he knows they were last seen with Pendral when my son was around two hundred and thirty years of age. It is possible he hid them, but our Battle Angels know nothing more than this fact that they were not seen after this year.’
‘This must be the last time we attempt to interfere with Pendral in the timelines,’ Elarja insisted. ‘I fear the potential for great tragedy if we make a mistake in our goals.’
‘I must continue to get to know my son while he was a young boy, and later as a young man,’ Adem replied in earnest. ‘It seems the only way we can win him back.’
‘You must believe me that the dangers are too great, Adem Highlander!’ Elarja’s voice was tinged with cold fury, a hint of a threat there also, as Carl stared up into the eyes of the ancient immortal. Adem seemed severely distressed by this revelation, as they had not all shared all of the lessons that they had learnt through their recent experience in the Arch. Carl was actually quite sympathetic towards Adem in this regard, as he knew and also felt how important it was to him to try to teach Pendral the ability to love his father.

Chapter 5


Age of Chaos

Adem arrived at the exact year he was intending to visit in the past, early on during the Age of Chaos. The name was fitting when he looked upon the land surrounding the location where he landed—a ledge of stone overlooking what had once been grass fields—to see miles of earth scorched with Angel-Magic. Deep crevices in the earth where stone had risen. In some places forming small mountains that had never stood here before. He knew this from the year he had travelled through this region on his way to Morgrahl Kordahn in the Southlands, and there had been forests nearby also back then. On this day all he saw was the ruin caused by madmen Alit’aren.
A host of warriors were scouting the fields, and Adem and Carl looked upon them with caution as their leader began to approach on horseback, with a score of warriors on his heels to protect their commander. Carl was the only one he brought with him on this mission, as Elarja said his farewells and returned to the true present in a flaring coloured sphere of energy. Carl had insisted on being there to protect Adem when he confronted Pendral, as there was no way of knowing how his son would react to seeing his father after over a hundred-year absence. 
The leader of the patrol was a thin faced immortal named Lendrenel Altorablus. Dark Torvellen eyes with a golden helmet with dragon wings rising from the temples. The man wore dark armour speckled with gold. Decorated with some fine gems in the shape of a small dragon with ruby eyes. Obviously from a House connected with that of Orion Demon-Slayer, as the attributes of lineage often dictated their allegiance to a certain Rohjor. More to the point, he was also Torvellen, although the variance of Nordics and Torvellen being of the Wolf, Fox, Lion or Dragon Rohjor was another puzzle he had never quite understood.
The man seemed quite astonished when Adem and Carl introduced themselves, though those Torvellen eyes had definitely not missed their arrival, nor would he have mistaken Elarja for anyone other than the Time Strider before witnessing the man’s disappearance via the Time Stones.
Lendrenel explained politely that there had been significant demon-sign in this region for many years, and that these patrols were kept up to rid the lands of the threat against village folk. He also gave sound intelligence on the whereabouts of Pendral at this point in time. 
Apparently, he had been spending many years in the region further south of here, particularly Valmeron, where it was said he had found a second home for himself. Adem was also more than a little nervous to hear that Pendral’s mother, Isabelle, had also taken up residence in the Palace of Valmeron. Lendrenel’s eyes seemed to visibly detect Adem’s discomfort over the notion of meeting the Ruhalden Princess once again.
‘I have spoken with Lady Isabelle many times, Lord Adem,’ the man remarked, ‘and I must say there is no other man she speaks of with a higher regard. Except for her dear son, of course.’
Adem swallowed a hard lump in his throat before he croaked, ‘Thank you for your kind words, Lieutenant! Now my friend and I must depart.’ And with those words, Carl formed a Portal-Spell to carry them from this place to a small forest on the edges of the city of Valmeron, with only a wave farewell to the men that stood gaping as their forms became transparent, to return to solidity hundreds of miles further south.
This forest also showed signs of the rampage of madmen wielding Angel-Magic. Huge trees lay strewn across the forest floor, ripped up whole by their roots. Some shattered and splintered in places, and the heart of the forest was blackened from many fires. There was nothing in their senses that detected the presence of demons hiding their forms in shadow however, and so they waited within the forest for a time, watching the flow of carts and wagons that were lined up to enter the city under the great portcullis. Obviously, there was some delay, as the lines were long and slow in progression.
One thing Adem could confirm with his senses; was that Pendral was indeed inside those city walls. His connection to his son via that terrible scar on his chest indicated the fact with a fierce, throbbing, burning pain the longer they stood there waiting for the sun to set. It was a glorious spectacle to see the golden ball sinking on a raw red horizon that also seemed to resonate the disastrous nature of this Age, as if the Jinn-Lord had his grips on the very atmosphere and perhaps far beyond that point into infinite space. 
Adem tried to tell himself it was just his imagination, and perhaps his illness creeping in, and so, with a nod to Carl, they both took their first sip of potion for the day. After having a rather long sleep in the night before; and spending a number of hours during the day just testing how long they could manage without taking more of the intoxicating fluid.
They had brought enough to last a few weeks maybe, if they rationed it carefully, and it only took a short time to realise—from the effects creeping up on them—that this was in fact an even stronger batch than they had sampled the night before. The realisation dawned on them when the warm tingling sensation that took over their minds and bodies also began to make them both giggle and whisper to one another incoherently. It was difficult to then pinpoint what had seemed so amusing in the first place, but the evidence was clear they would need to harness a small flow of teron to return their senses to true focus.
The risk in this of course, was that it would alert Pendral to Adem’s exact location, and if the timelines had already altered to the extent that Pendral no longer trusted his father, or in fact intended to murder him, the risks suggested they would need to endure the effects of the potion at least until they began to level out naturally. 
Suddenly a horrifying squeal as loud as a Giant’s roar was blasting through the trees to the southwest! Adem and Carl looked there in stunned terror to see a massive black figure charging towards them on all fours. Hooves pounding the forest floor as trees were cracked, smashed, and torn from their roots in the wake of the enormous beast!
Carl raised his spear with an expression that suggested even his magic might not be able to save them, but in the seconds that the trees several hundred feet ahead of them were smashed apart to reveal the long-tusked snout of a gigantic black boar, Adem became aware of the creature’s connection to his son. For that reason: he knew it was also a part of his own unique magic.
In the moments that the creature crossed that distance, while Carl fired several blasts of hot magma at the demon-pig, Adem understood only he could destroy it. A moment later he used his mind into matter manipulation to form a spear stretching almost the remaining distance between them and the pig. A shaft of obsidian darkness that glowed hot crimson as the beast drove its own skull deep upon the giant glistening blade tip! The pig had attempted a last moment skid through the dirt, smaller trees stripped of their foliage bent in odd shapes before it became one with the spear. The weapon had simply appeared from thin air to hover yet stand horizontal as an impenetrable force. It ended the life of the monster in a floating apparition of glowing red dust.
‘I’m bloody glad you figured that out in time!’ Carl bellowed, just as Portal-Magic of blue flame appeared within the centre of the space that the giant boar had occupied only moments before. From that burning portal Adem’s son stepped out in Alit’aren black. Looking much younger than the madmen they both knew so well. Dark eyes glistening with love and admiration for his father, and a longing to be reunited with him.
‘Father, you have returned!’ Pendral shouted with joy in a deep tone. Arms stretched wide as if for an open embrace, though he still stood some distance away. ‘It has been so very long I began to wonder if we would ever meet again. Now you are home again, and my heart is gladdened to extremities.’
‘It is good to see you too, my son.’ Adem was amazed to see his son as the same man he knew, yet the sanity in his eyes showed a different person entirely from the creature he so feared and loathed to confront in recent battles. Battles many years in the future from this day where they stood now and looked upon each other with deep affection. He marched right up to Pendral and wrapped his arms around him. Leaning his head back to stare right into those pitch-black eyes that shone with such emotion of love and compassion, though of course also tinged with the threat of madness from his corruption via so many years of wielding Angel-Magic. 
‘I sensed you, of course, the moment you arrived, Father. I was unsure of whether I should go to you immediately. I was torn with emotions of so many years feeling abandoned by you. Please forgive me.’
‘I am the one that needs to be forgiven, Pendral, not you.’ They held each other a while longer until Carl gave a distinct cough that suggested this made even him a little uncomfortable. Adem realised then that it was perhaps because Carl had never visited Pendral as a young boy and did not yet know what a delightful person their most feared enemy could actually be.
‘The boar was a test for you, of course, Father! I knew it was you, yet my fear of a trap by the Hex-Warlords made me decide to send a creature formed with a kind of magic that even they could not have countered, for only the blood of the Blue Water Dragon could have created that remarkable spear. I sensed its making even without seeing it with my own eyes. It was quick thinking.’
‘And if I had not been so quick in my thinking, Pendral, what do you think might have become of the Water Dragon and his dearest companion, Carl Wilder, regarded as the Red Fire Lion of the Sons of Odin?’
‘I knew you would manage it, Father! Just like the time you were able to destroy that dragon that appeared in my chamber when I was just a boy.’
‘Perhaps you may require forgiveness for sending the boar all the same, dear son. But for now, we have important matters to discuss.’
‘There will be plenty of time for talk, Father! First you must return to Valmeron with me, we will talk with Mother, you must know she was bursting to see you the moment I informed her of your arrival. Come now, we will drink and feast and talk of old times. Oh, how I have missed our talks, Father! I have continued to work on a cure for the Schism. I will show you my record books. I have not been entirely successful as of yet, but I am working on it!’
‘I’m delighted, Pendral. But we have other urgent business we must return to very soon. There is little time for other matters I am afraid.’ A look of terrible hurt crossed his son’s face, as Pendral asked, ‘Surely you intend to stay a few months this time? I could not bear another brief visit followed by endless years of waiting on your return. Please Father, come with me and spend some time with dear Mother. She misses you more than me sometimes. I’m certain it is so. Please, Father!’ 
Adem realised he could not simply ask for the Fists and set up a meeting time for Elarja to collect them. He had intended it before he arrived here, but now he knew it was time to make the most of what was likely his last encounter with his son as a sane individual. Perhaps it was the glorifying harmony of the potion also, that was moving his soul into an ecstatic state of bliss and compassion for this son, that made him decide this time he would stay longer than ever before. 
He knew Carl must be disagreeing when making another very audible cough, but Adem ignored his dearest friend as he replied, ‘As you wish, Pendral. We will talk of this important matter in the morning.’ Carl groaned in despair. ‘For now, we will make merry like we have never done so before. Women, wine, music, and feasting! Tell the King and Queen of Valmeron that the Sons of Odin are here, and they wish to light up this city as if it were on fire!’ Adem thought he heard Carl begin to sob. ‘It is time to start a party like this land has never seen before! We will tear down the Heavens and dredge up Hell if we have to, but we are going to turn this into a night we will never forget!’ Carl finally made a deep and sympathetic sigh of resignation to not disagree any further.
‘Splendid, Father, splendid indeed!’ Pendral appeared overly delighted once more, as he opened a Portal-Spell for them to step through, at which point Carl coughed again—no doubt in fear that it could in fact be a direct doorway to Hell if Pendral was already not to be trusted—but Adem had to show his son some further signs of trust. So, he walked towards the Portal-Magic and glanced back at Carl before stepping through to beckon him also.
‘I’ll follow you with my own Portal if you don’t mind.’ His tone hardly phrased it as a question.
‘Suit yourself, Carl Wilder!’ Pendral bellowed with affectionate glee, yet in his deep proud tone. It leads to my Mother’s chambers; we will see you there.’ Adem looked to Carl again and gave a deep shrug with a giddy grin, though Carl looked grievously concerned.

***
Carl waited for Adem and Pendral to disappear before forming his own Portal-Spell, after locating them via his sense of Adem, and also waiting for Adem to confirm via their Battle Angels that there was evidently no trap waiting for them, other than the trap of being in Isabelle’s chambers.
He followed then to step through the Portal-Magic and appear in a large pale blue stone waiting room, big enough to fit his own backyard, furnished with ornate polished timber furniture carved with lions, griffons and of course, dragons for the arms of chairs, legs of tables, candelabras in glowing silver and even etched in gold upon the crockery. There was of course, no White Foxes, or any foxes to be seen anywhere in the entire chamber, that had its own double-sided fireplaces, roaring despite it being a warm night, with dragon hearths and mantles in blue marble! It was disgustingly breathtaking. 
He listened in on the conversation in the next room to be certain there was no trap waiting for them, hearing only Isabelle’s delighted tone exclaiming how thrilled and excited she was to have her darling heart returned to her and her son also present on such a day. When he heard Adem mumbling—possibly with a face full of Isabelle’s breast—that he was also very pleased to be returned to his—illegitimate!—family, Carl decided to knock at the door and give Adem a chance to breathe. When Pendral opened the door with a bright and charming grin, Carl stepped in to see Adem and Isabelle still in an embrace, though Adem’s head was gaining some distance from Isabelle’s bosom in a strained effort to free his body from her grasp.
Isabelle turned and gave Carl a nod of indifference, before turning back to Adem with eyes of burning glee as Carl returned a slight bow, or rather tilt of his head that was not in any way noticed by the Princess!
The rest of the evening was a bit of a blur for Carl, and no doubt for Adem also, as the medication really started to kick in that next hour or so, with Adem up on the feast tables dancing and singing—making a proper fool of himself—though Carl felt a little groggy early on and did his best to maintain some dignity.
However, by the following hour both Carl and Adem were like a tornado sweeping through the city of Valmeron. High spirited to the max! They drank, feasted; danced with pretty women to the music that played throughout the city streets as they made their way from one alehouse or inn, to the next, and the next one, and so on.
Carl thought the people of Valmeron would have seen the two of them as some kind of enigma, not just for knowing who they were by reputation, but they seemed spellbound by the intoxicated state the two men found themselves in. Eyes large and wide and full of pleasure as they turned Valmeron into a scene of celebration—as Adem had put it more or less—“like never before”.
Things were seeming to be going reasonably well for them however, until the early morning hours when Carl stumbled along a rather rat-infested stone paved street. It led into a laneway with perhaps the most disreputable looking bunch—occupying the space—that he had ever laid eyes on. Men in dark tattered clothing, some looking like they were wearing a potato sack dusted with soot. They were dirty, sweaty, and their eyes burned with the darkness of evil intent. 
Adem was still singing with his arm around Isabelle, likely also stroking her bottom, and Pendral followed close behind, though when Carl looked back to see if their patrol guards and the Aldebrands they had recruited were still following, he realised then that they must still be back at the last inn—remembering how the four of them had deliberately snuck off on them through a back alley, after deciding they were not much fun if they refused to take any wine or ale—and he harnessed teron instinctively as four of the men charged for him with large knives raised to strike!
Pendral was much swifter in his response however—despite having drunk twice as much as Carl and Adem put together—crossing the distance as a blur before Carl’s eyesight. His blade of blue flame drawn to hack the first one down with a horizontal slice through his bowels. The second one was skewered through the heart by the blade. Pendral drawing the weapon to cut the third down with a slice through the right kneecap. The man fell as Pendral spun behind the fourth, his blade burst blinding blue through the man’s chest, then was pulled free a fraction of a second later. Pendral swung the blade to decapitate his victim in a red spray of blood, some of which hit Carl right in the face!
The rest of the dodgy looking fellows dropped their weapons and fled after witnessing that. Carl felt a little shaky in the knees also at the sight of such a bloodbath, the scene only lasting seconds, so fast, that the first had fallen to his knees by the time the fourth had his head cut from his shoulders.
Carl realised in those moments that the only reason Adem had survived a single contest of blades against Pendral, is because despite being corrupt to the point of extreme madness in the true present, Adem was still his father, and Pendral did not have the heart to execute him in the way he had so swiftly dispatched these four Shadowsouled. They had seemed ghastly in their evil intent only moments before the fighting began, but Carl saw that they were helpless puppies against a Demonwolf in that fight. They were nothing but victims to be slaughtered. 
It told Carl that Pendral had loved his father all along, even the first time he ever met Adem—mad and evil and a slave to the Will of the Jinn-Lord—for he had surely loved him ever since he was that young boy that Adem had lately become acquainted with. It meant Pendral had so far just been playing games; and this terrified Carl more than anything he had ever considered about the man.
Music could still be heard from streets nearby, and suddenly Carl detected the sound of many feet charging down the laneway they had entered through. His first thought was relief that the patrol must have heard the fighting and were on their way to rescue them from further danger, but that thought faded as Pendral looked back in that direction with wild eyes as he shouted, ‘Assassins in the streets! Raise the Alarm!’
Carl spun to see dozens of armed men charging towards them as Isabelle began to scream in terror. Carl was quicker this time, with Angel-Magic in his veins his giddy head was now clear. The potion and teron overriding all the alcohol he had consumed, as Adem joined him in a link passed mainly to Carl. Carl hated murdering humans, yet there was no other choice. He knew the right was passed to him because he would know better ways to end this quickly. Or perhaps Adem’s wish for Salvation left it up to Carl to decide what to do next.
He chose a wall of solid flame first. A crimson rectangle appeared a foot deep and thirty paces wide, appearing as the first men charged into it to pass through screaming in horror. Flames melted them to burnt corpses. The rest of the well-armoured warriors gasping and skidding in their boots on the frosted cobbles as Adem made his move, shouting to Carl, ‘Make it a Shield, now!’ Carl saw the reason a moment later, as four Golden Soldiers appeared behind the men. Cannon shaped arms unleashed bars of hot laser light to slice the remaining men into congealed chunks of flesh. Some screaming as their abdomens were cut in half. Hands severed from wrists. Some were sliced down at the knees or through the neck, but the result was a swift massacre. Viewed through Carl’s Shield-Wall that still glowed bright crimson as the lasers struck against it in glowing circles of energy.
When Carl turned back around, what he saw was bodies piled high at his feet and all around, as he witnessed Pendral in the final swift movements of his slaughter of dozens of armed men. Carl and Adem had been so preoccupied with taking out the enemies charging from one direction—and possibly also because of their intoxicated state—that they had completely missed the second attack that came from behind. Luckily Pendral had been there to clean up the mess that would have otherwise caught the two men unawares, to fatal ends no doubt. It was the second piece of evidence that spoke volumes of the extent of Pendral’s swordsmanship. So much so that Adem must have also realised the truth of the matter. Pendral had never intended to kill his father in any of those confrontations during the true present. He wanted the Sons to join forces with him instead. 
This was perhaps the most disturbing realisation of all, yet it gave Carl some hope. Knowing that Pendral would not kill any of them unless he was forced to. It gave them some leverage against an otherwise unstoppable enemy.

***
The next few days were a hard lesson in heavy drinking for Adem. He woke the following morning after the street incident to find his head felt like he had been struck many times with a large mallet. His eyes red and his cheeks blotchy, with a sickly feeling in his stomach and aching muscles. The potion worked miracles to counter his hangover for a few hours, but later the symptoms returned, and he found himself bent over a basin emptying the contents of his stomach for a further three days. He could keep nothing down for long.
The images that kept flashing though his mind however were of that night when he had witnessed the extent of his son’s skills with the blade. His speed and technique, surely outmatching even Orion or Tobin. Despite the other two men having at least a thousand years more experience than Pendral. 
Adem dreaded another confrontation with the blade against Pendral, though Carl had mentioned something that gave him some comfort, the obvious fact that Pendral must have never intended to defeat Adem in any of those swordfights. Pendral was simply playing games with them, and he must actually want to keep them alive, or Adem at least. This meant that if Adem did not give Pendral a reason to kill him, his son would not be forced to utilize that deadly capacity against Adem or his Brothers. It was a minus but also a plus for them to ponder as they continued to seek a method of finally defeating Pendral and the Jinn-Lord. 
Adem’s sore head greatly delayed his important talk with Pendral about finding the location of the Fists of Odin. Every time he left his chambers to walk the halls, he found himself practically abducted by Isabelle’s charms. She would appear around a corner to pounce upon him like a hungry feline. Dark eyes glowing with fervour as she spoke in soft richness of her desires for his flesh! It was almost impossible to escape such onslaughts except by insisting that he needed further rest after that disastrous night of drinking. At which point Isabelle always relented, though she also always assured him she would be waiting for their next encounter of love and romance. To that Adem had no sensible answer, so he would always duck his head and run for safety. Knowing that if he betrayed Jean again his head would be for the chopping block!
Also, Adem and Jean were married now, so things were different to how they had been the first time he had slipped up with Isabelle. Adem had traditional ideas about the sanctity of marriage also. He was at least religious to a certain degree, and he did not believe in adultery. Still it was difficult to resist the affections of one as beautiful, passionate, and persistent as Isabelle the Ruhalden Princess!
By the fourth day he was nearly recovered however, and so he decided it was time to confront his son about the Fists. He was making his way towards Pendral’s chambers when Isabelle darted around the nearest corner to lock onto him like an insect about to devour its prey!
‘Not now, Isabelle, please!’ He shrugged her aside which brought a displeased frown to her visage, dark eyes pleading for affection as she sniffed at the beginning of new tears. This was a common example of their relationship since he arrived at this timeline, and he could not make up his mind about whether he was terrified of her, or whether he secretly enjoyed it. ‘I must speak with Pendral about a very urgent matter.’
‘Is that the only reason you are here? To speak with Pendral and then flit off into another time and place? Abandoning the two us for centuries of longing for your touch and your smile, your kind words?’
‘To be perfectly honest, Isabelle, you’re absolutely right. I’m only here to discuss this important matter with my son, and then it will be time for me to leave again.’
Isabelle’s dark eyes welled with water as her lips began to tremble with emotion, but her gaze then became half vicious, and he knew only too well how that could end. So, he swept her back into his arms, and laid a soft kiss upon her brow that soothed her madness, before he spoke softly into her ear to admit, ‘If there was some way I could stay here and spend the lifetime with you that we both have missed out on, perhaps I would. But circumstances have changed between us, and between me and Jean Fairsythe.’
‘Do not speak that name in my presence!’ Isabelle hissed like a viper frothing with venom. ‘If not for that woman I would have you all to myself. I would not have to fight for a love that I know belongs to me and not her!’
‘It’s more complicated than that, Isabelle. I wish I could explain further, but it could create complications I cannot foresee; perhaps causing irreparable damage to the work we have already done many years from now.’
‘I will hear the truth of this matter here and now, Adem Highlander! You will not hide behind such oaths to society and to fate! Won’t you please tell me why I cannot have you, when I know it is what your heart desires more than anything in this world?’
Adem sighed as he held her in his arms, staring into those penetrating dark orbs that burned with such malevolence and such passion, as he felt the truth of those words eat holes within his very soul. ‘I still love you, Isabelle, I cannot deny those words. I cannot tell you the whole of why it is not meant to be however, despite your right to know the truth. Rest assured you will be told in another time and place, and my memory of your response tells me to hold my tongue here and now, but more than that I must not speak of it for the tragedies those words could unleash.’
Isabelle glared while clutching his wrists and holding them firmly about her slender but voluptuous form; and the touch of his own hands against that tender flesh beneath her golden silk gown was enough to reawaken old passions that were now burning within his chest. He wondered how long he could resist this temptation if he delayed in his mission and remained here for months or years. ‘I’m sorry Isabelle, but I must go.’ He leaned in to kiss her rosy red cheek this time, but she moved her head so that her lips pressed against his own in a wild wet smother! He pulled away, but she would not let him go, they were making a scene in a public hallway! 
He noted the uncomfortable coughs of guards standing nearby. Sensed their looks of disapproval as he fought to escape her kiss! They did not know of his marriage to Jean, no one could know of it, nor could he admit that he had a daughter. The main reason was it could greatly jeopardise Janeanne during those years of childhood—when she first arrived in Kismeria—if Pendral were to have such a warning of her existence. Though the common knowledge throughout Kismeria of the toxic love triangle between Isabelle, Adem and Jean was enough to ensure him these men did not enjoy seeing such a display.
When Adem managed to escape Isabelle for a while he made his way to Pendral’s quarters. He found his son leaning over his desk looking at notes that Pendral later explained were formulas for finding a cure to the Schism within teron and the curse upon terael. Adem looked at the notes and found there were certain vital ingredients missing from the formulas, but he would not tempt fate by giving such clues to Pendral during this Age, as the future mad and corrupt Pendral would likely attempt to destroy every last plant or herb on the face of Kismeria to prevent a cure from ever existing.
Adem considered that his guidance on finding the right formula might also result in his son using the medicine and therefore never falling into the allure of the Shadow, but he did not like his chances. Especially due to his knowledge that Pendral had carried a part of the Jinn-Lord’s curse since before he was even born.
He was about to confront Pendral on the reason he was here, when an Aldebrand burst into the room to frantically salute before saying in a very urgent tone, ‘A host of mad Alit’aren are approaching the city, my lords! Even at a distance the immortals on the walls were able to see the extent of their corruption. We fear they are emissaries of the Jinn-Lord, sent here to destroy the Sons of Odin!’
‘How many are there?’ Pendral asked as Adem gathered his wits.
‘They’re a force of more than four hundred men, my lord! All of them have the look of experienced Alit’aren, not a Seidr’tera or Seidr amongst their ranks by the look of their faces. I fear we may need to evacuate, Lord Pendral. The Sons, you and your mother should go first and foremost.’
‘So, it would seem,’ Pendral mused, a shrewd mind weighing up the odds. ‘Father, we must hurry! Bring Carl Wilder to Mother’s chambers. I will meet you there with a force of wielders and Aldebrands. We shall retreat into the south for now and take up residence at Calicos while we make further plans.’
Adem found it frustrating to run and hide, and considered the possibility that they were being herded towards further dangers, before he asked, ‘Why don’t we stand and fight, son? Even four hundred Alit’aren could be crushed by a link between you, Carl, and me. With our Battle Angels to assist us; we would surely wipe them out.’
‘Are you forgetting the decrees of the White Snow Fox?’ Pendral asked with a troubled gaze. ‘It is forbidden to act in such ways, to take the lives of mad and corrupt wielders when there is another option. We have the chance to escape, in accordance with the decree, and so we shall spare the lives of these men and fight them later if we must!’
‘I see your point, Pendral, but consider that these mad Alit’aren will surely burn this city and all who dwell here to the ground before they are sent to follow us. We would be abandoning these citizens to be murdered if we did not see our duty to stop our enemies in their tracks.’
‘You are truly wise and just, Father, but consider all of those souls. Are you willing to accept that burden? And what of Mother, should we not at least shift her to Calicos to escape this battle?’
‘That may be just what the enemy expects us to do,’ Adem said, suddenly deep in thought as he remembered the last time that he had left Isabelle to be guarded. ‘She will join us on the wall. Let’s get a look at this army of madmen.’
He did not want to answer the question of ‘all of those souls’ and the ‘burden’, but despite his recent revelations, he considered the murder of a few hundred madmen to rest easier on his soul. Rather than allowing the slaughter of thousands of citizens, that would be helpless against such foes.
Again, he was forced to commit murder, and he wondered if that was also a meticulous part of the Jinn-Lord’s continuous scheming. Driving the enemy towards him until he had no other choice than to grind them up like meat. Or burn them to ash, in an effort to save the lives of others he considered worth saving.
What other choice do I have? he wondered.
Again, it seemed this was the only way. He knew Carl would not be pleased to hear it.

*** 
Carl met Adem on the wall, after their Battle Angels communicated the location. What Carl saw upon the fields sent shivers through his bones. His heightened senses and a special Angel-Magic gave him a close-up view of the faces of those cursed men marching towards the city gate. Stricken with conflicted emotions as each one fought for mastery over madness, and in some cases the demon spirit possessing their very souls.
Adem said he could mark out each one currently under the control of a possession spirit, by the dark auras he had mentioned many times before. This helped Carl to confirm the location of each demon, and currently they estimated the four hundred or so men to be controlled by at least fifty possession spirits. They drove the pack forward, controlling the strongest amongst them so that the others followed out of mad fear. This was a technique both Adem and Carl had learnt during their first visit to this world.
They did not send warriors out onto the fields to oppose them. Carl had devised a plan that would be of great risk to the two Sons but would hopefully spare the lives of countless others. Pendral would also be at great risk if he did his part, but Carl was still unwilling to completely trust the man, given his knowledge of the dark curse that had plagued the heart of Adem’s son since before his birth.
After taking a sip each of the miraculous potion—that Pendral noted again with raised brows, as he had done each time that he had seen the men take their daily dose—they morphed onto the fields to land amongst the thick of the madman force. Immediately lashing out with Angel-Magic to send shockwaves of energy blasting in circles around each of the three men, with Pendral at the head and Carl and Adem further back, at the base of a triangular formation. The energies they released took the forms of golden scaled dragons and Carl’s Dark Hounds charging through the masses. Tearing through flesh and bone as the triangle of fire incinerated over a hundred men in the initial strike!
The madmen were overwhelmed by their first attack move, as the three men shifted their locations again to land at the rear of their steady march. At the same time that they released a second blast, the bulk of the mad Alit’aren formed Shield-Domes to deflect most of the second wave of energies, that scorched and flared against their unified barrier. The result of the possession demons forming a link through dozens of Alit’aren. A sign that they were quick to act in defending their ground and their hosts.
Carl saw real terror in the faces of those that were not fast enough to defend themselves. Waves of Angel-Magic blasted flesh from bone, and bones shattered into floating dust particles carried on the storm of energies. In the next instant the Alit’aren under mind control formed their linked retaliation strike. With the ability to sense the build of Angel-Magic within them, Carl, Adem and Pendral shifted again within a heartbeat to avoid being hammered into oblivion by the force that was hurled against them. 
Each had managed a Shield-Sphere before changing positions, to land on the left flank as Adem and Carl summoned their Battle Angels. Arawn and Math appearing in twin lightning bolts that struck the earth and sent ripples of lightning tearing into the enemies’ ranks. Shadow Hounds and Fire Lions appeared in packs of two dozen or more. Pushing helpless souls to the ground to bite off skulls and tear out hearts in a bloodthirsty onslaught. A great thunder cloud formed over the battle, in the same moments that the sun began to slide behind the hills.
The thing that alerted Carl to the increasing danger of the situation was the fact that the sun simply set too fast. A remnant of the displacement of the natural order of the world that had taken part in the true present. A distant future from the time in which they now stood, but the fear that clutched his heart was at the sight of dark cloaked shadows rising within the fields of black coated Alit’aren. Raising rune-marked black blades that glowed like hot blood. Sinister pale faces under dark cowls that drank in the dim moonlight. Many of those Alit’aren had been carrying Jhin-Taps that were hurled at the ground moments before.
Carl attempted to flee with communication sent to Adem and Pendral via their Battle Angels, though Pendral had not yet released any of the Angels he contained within his blade. But the Portal-Magic would not form. There was something blocking them from making their escape. Math moved closer to protect Carl. His Battle Angel also then realised he had lost the ability to fly, and so he too was not able to move Carl from this current location.
Adem and Pendral were still some distance away. Releasing more blasts of Angel-Magic to try to take down the dozens of Souljhin that were appearing on the edges of the Alit’aren formation. The madmen formed another link to strike again with a wave of Angel-Magic that would have torn down a thick forest, as Carl felt Math Mathonwy form a Shield-Sphere to protect him from the attack. The eight-feet-tall man then grasped Carl by the shoulders and proceeded to flee from the battle on foot!
Math was able to move swiftly at a sprint, so fast that the dark night and moonlight battle appeared a blur to Carl’s eyes until he was set down closer to the gates of the city walls. He saw Adem and Pendral flying towards him. He was relieved to see they both still had the ability to do so. But in the next instant he was surrounded by Alit’aren once again. These madmen still had the ability to form Portal-Spells, and suddenly dozens were throwing physical punches at his face that struck the Shield-Sphere still maintained by Math. Fists glowing white hot with teron that flowed from their core. Forcing the sphere to shift and vibrate with a dull hum.
A moment later those closest to him were torn to shreds by Shadow Hounds that appeared from thin air. Feasting and shredding with vehemence in a bloodbath that was horrifying for Carl to witness! He truly wished there were some way to save these men from the murder he and Adem were forced to commit, but it seemed hopeless when faced with also trying to save the lives of thousands more within those city walls. ‘Retreat you fools!’ he shouted at them through the sphere. Knowing they would hear nothing but the mad voices that controlled them, or the voices that madmen hear regardless of whether or not they are possessed. ‘Go home to your families and live out your lives! Do not make me do this! I don’t want this blood on my hands!’ But all he saw was his enemies being ripped apart by Wolves of Elemental Magic that defied the natural order of things. Beings formed of Angel-Magic that were an unstoppable force of retribution and chaos. 
The Souljhin were amongst their ranks too, but they died like the rest. Torn flesh and bone flying in spurts of dark blood. For them, Carl felt no remorse, no pity at all. Whatever those beings once were, they were now nothing more than home-cooked evil right down to their very core!

*** 
Adem swooped to land beside Carl, as Pendral touched down close behind them both. Adem and his son still able to fly due to their unique second ability that was similar to Angel-Magic though it did not require wielding of teron.
Adem did not bother to draw his sword. This contest would require sheer magic to obliterate his enemies, though the plan of the Souljhin and possession demons was now clear.
Arawn and Math hacked at the wedge of Alit’aren with sword and spear glowing like crimson magma; sparks and globs of flame burst from each point of impact. The madmen had suddenly begun a massive link that created a Shield-Block that even the Battle Angels could not penetrate. An invisible wall stronger than titanium six feet deep on all sides!
This was evident as Math and Arawn were much stronger here than Adem and Carl had known of them during their first visit to Kismeria. This was early on during the years following the battle where the Jinn-Lord was imprisoned in Kerak’Otozi, and much of the stolen Battle Angel Magics were returned to earth and sky, forest, and waters. The Elemental Magic of the Old Ways now flowed in the two figures that radiated waves of force beyond the very magic they unleashed. A sense of unstoppable might radiated from their glowing auras, as that now familiar shared emotion of Brotherhood flowed between Adem and Carl and their Battle Angels. A feeling that these two ancient spirits would protect them so long as they were able. The resonance of magic permeated their very souls like some deep rhythmic chant that could be felt more than heard. Music of Angels of the Underworld.
Yet their attacking display was much more than this. Arawn’s cloak of midnight morphed left and right around the Shield-Block—a shadow spectre dominating the field—as his burning blade whirled and cleaved with blurring speeds, unleashing waves of thick magma to pour upwards along the sides of the defences. Math’s cloak flowed along the borders of the barrier like some burning demon-wraith. Hellfire Spear spraying thick crimson bolts that seemed to shake the very earth as they clawed upwards and around the invisible walls.
At the same time that vortex storm-cloud above was now unleashing shafts of flame in the shape of Blades and Spears of bright blues, reds, greens, and gold. Lancing onto the battlefield further out where the bulk of the Alit’aren were regrouping, though those lightning attacks also struck the transparent cube protecting the second link of wielders.
Adem knew that link was requiring all of their strengths to maintain, but he also understood that when their Battle Angels gave up their assault, it would give the madmen the chance to turn those massive links against Carl, Pendral and Adem. To Shield-Trap them and cut them off from teron.
The evidence of this was the fact that their Portal-Spells were no longer working. This also meant that at least some of those wielders were linked together for this very purpose, to cut off even one vital magic spell that would decrease Adem’s chances of defeating them or finding a way to escape. 
The fact that they had also cut off Adem and Pendral’s normal ability to form Wings via Angel-Magic, and also the fact that their Battle Angels were also unable to fly, suggested perhaps the source of this ability was something more than a large host of linked wielders, however. To cut a Battle Angel off from their Angel-Magic would require someone or something of impossible strength in teron.
As Souljhin appeared in groups of twelve on either side of the Shield-Block of wielders, Adem instinctively formed Golden Soldiers of matter manipulation that raised laser cannon arms to cut the Darksouled into charred chunks. Lasers were an effective method of taking down these otherwise almost unstoppable foes, but again this method also required ki’mera. Adem feared there were many more Souljhin waiting to strike.
Adem saw his opportunity to escape, and he shouted to Pendral to return to the city walls as Wings of Odin flared from his shoulders. Adem launched at Carl to scoop him up under the shoulders, lifting him into the sky to soar up into the air and place his friend down on solid stone. Along the walkway looking onto the field of battle where Arawn and Math still fought with unrestrained fervour.
Carl and Adem were still linked with Pendral, and on Adem’s signal the three of them stood together on the wall as they released their full might against those linked Shield-Blocks in torrents of lightning and fire. Though now they also had a chance for Carl to attempt his second phase of this battle plan, to test whether he could cure any of these madmen from their curse while joined in such a powerful link.
With a nod to Adem, Carl began the Angel-Magic necessary to make the attempt, targeting men within the Shield-Block closest to the city wall. Adem watched colourful strands of light begin to surround his friend’s hands, as other beams of energy also poured forth from Carl’s chest. A complex combination of Healing-Magics mixed with some ability to penetrate the Block with such a spell.
This suggested to Adem that Carl may have also been able to use this Angel-Magic to send devastating attacks within the Shield-Spell, though Adem would not question him on it now. He also guessed Carl would prefer not to share such knowledge with Adem, despite how vital it may be in future battles.
Adem provided some assistance to Carl, by pointing out those Alit’aren that were not currently surrounded by dark auras. Suggesting those would be more easily healed than those that were under the control of possession demons.
At the same time that Carl worked his Angel-Magic, Adem watched Arawn grow to immense size, towering over the cube shield to drive his massive blade down through the invisible top of the barrier. Lightning bolts surged downwards around the defences. Red serpents with jaws of flame snapping ferociously. Fire Lions and Shadow Hounds dragged burning claw marks around the base of the walls. Math remaining his normal size though his Spear was unleashing fountains of magma that washed upon the side of the cube with corrosive viscous pulses and flares.
Suddenly the Shield-Block exploded into tiny fragments, visible to Adem as millions of glowing particles. Carl drank a vast portion of teron to aim his Angel-Magic upon a number of the gathered Alit’aren. He was no longer limited in his abilities to perform the necessary Angel-Magic, as the strands of light around Carl’s wrists became purely Healing-Magic. The spell launching across the space to strike a cluster of men untouched by the auras. Adem’s heightened vision watched as the darkness in the men’s eyes lost that fierceness to their gaze. Their expressions changed to fear and uncertainty, before they began to seize their corrupted companions with smaller Shield-Traps of Air-Magic to attempt to disable them from further attacks.
Adem did not command Arawn to finish this smaller gathering of eighty or more madmen. He could see now there was a chance that they could win this battle while still holding faith to the decree Carl had created a millennium ago.
Carl unleashed waves of his Healing-Magics against other madmen on the field. Those with the dark auras attempted to reunite their cluster with a link of Shield-Spells, but those that were suddenly cleansed in mind and soul began to fight back. Some forming Shield-Traps to attempt to capture their fellow Alit’aren, while others lashed out with teron to tear those closest to them apart before they were destroyed themselves. 
What happened next was the most horrifying, however. Dozens more Souljhin began to appear on the flanks of the Alit’aren. Cutting into their ranks with burning rune marked blades that severed limbs, slit throats, or cut down Alit’aren at the knees. The Healed warriors attempted to fight back; hurling spheres of burning light from their fists and open palms. Lightning bolts striking the Souljhin with vehemence, but the enemy were unrelenting in their massacre. Cutting through bodies with the speed and efficiency of a charging herd of bulls.
Pendral took the initiative at this point. Golden Warriors appeared behind the lines of Souljhin, hacking into the demon-men with blades of laser light burning crimson and aqua. The metallic robot type figures were shaped like Adem’s Jade Samurai. Conical Asian travelling hats, though these were formed of pure gold that glinted in the moonlight. Savage machines reducing their victims to burnt slices of flesh and bone.
During this time Adem had been wielding his own Golden Soldiers to aim their laser cannons at the second wedge of wielders, still encased in Shield-Cubes as the beams of energy struck the invisible walls to create large halos of crimson light that up till now were still not able to destroy the defences. Adem honestly did not want to destroy this larger wedge with such destructive forces, though his aim was to delay their approach while Arawn stomped across the field with his blade of light raised high. The lightning storm of the Battle Angel Link still raged, though mostly it was wasted energy to try to intimidate their enemies. Except for the Spears and Blades that struck the increasing number of Souljhin on the field. Vaporizing the dark cloaked menaces as their tainted blades fell on the field in piles of liquid slag.
It was at that point that the potion’s euphoric and other hypnotic type effects began to kick in. Hard. Carl gave Adem an uncertain glance with eyes of thinly blue-ringed black pools, deep and dark as liquid tar, yet crackling with the ferocity of Angel-Magic in his veins. 
Adem felt the same rush coming on strong. He almost felt his balance shift, before teron retaliated against the destabilising effects. His perceptions were suddenly heightened tenfold beyond simply harnessing Angel-Magic. He felt alive like never before. Not realising how strong a batch this one was when so full of ale and wine on their night of revelry. This potion was a behemoth! A monstrosity of limitless potential in harnessing everlasting flows of Angel-Magic, beyond what is fit for human capacity, though as he drank heavily from teron with wild abandon for his own safety, he felt the potion buffering against the dangers of the magic. Increasing his ability to hold such vast stores, similar to being linked with a Battle Angel, or holding an enchanted artefact to assist the filtering of Angel-Magic within the wielder.
The result was enough of teron shared between the three of them to smash this army into dust: if they were able to destroy the second Shield-Cube. Adem suddenly felt the immense pull of responsibility to try to save as many lives as he could, not just for Jean’s decree, and not just to appease Carl, but for his own sake. His soul’s chance of redemption, for salvation!
He communicated his new plan to Carl via their Battle Angels, as he funnelled the bulk of that link into shutting down smaller Shield-Spells, around each of the still quite mad Alit’aren, within the smaller wedge closest to the wall. Carl reacted by increasing his source of teron to wield faster and more intricate flows of Healing-Magic into those souls he thought he had the best chance of curing. Light around Carl began to burn even more brightly, and Adem watched the fields where he saw the faces of men suddenly returning to sanity. The effect soon multiplied like a ripple as more and more Alit’aren began to fight back against the Souljhin onslaught. Lashing out with Angel-Magic or drawing blades to swiftly flow through the forms in defence of their ground. Lightning bolts of pure blue began to fall around those cured men to strike Souljhin, that mostly dodged the Elemental Magic like evasive black vipers. Others were vanquished as blazing blue skeletons, suggesting there were some efficient wielders amongst those that were suddenly cured.
For the most part Pendral stood back and watched, other than to use his source from the link to fuel his Golden Samurai that cut through Souljhin in savage vehemence. Shadow Hounds joined the attacking ranks to shred through armour and flesh. Souljhin helpless to defend themselves before they were hacked to congealed chunks!
There were still possession demons amongst the smaller wedges. Adem marked them out by their strange dark auras, though Carl had already attempted to cure those actually possessed, and seemed unsure of his ability to succeed, as he focused most of his work on the other madmen under influence of their possessed leaders.
There were seven spirits that Adem could make out, and from this point onwards they seemed determined to use the same hosts, as their defenders were swiftly returned to the side of the All-Father, yet the cured Alit’aren seemed unaware of who it was amongst them that was actually being controlled by a possession demon.
They seemed to know the look of madness well enough though, as dozens more Alit’aren began to form links of cured men, trying to create Shield-Spells strong enough to hold the others from doing further damage. The scene was anarchy and chaos. Blades gleaming as they reflected the hail of lightning bolts. Blood and carnage as Hounds and Lions shredded and gulped down demon meat and, in some cases, cured Alit’aren were blasted into flying pieces by the enraged madmen.
Then Adem had a new idea. A way to possibly unite the cured Alit’aren further. He instructed Arawn to use the same technique Rayne had taught him, to harness music and play it loud enough for the entire battlefield to hear it.
Arawn followed his commands, as a surging beat and melody swept through the darkness and bloodshed. An uplifting tune with angelic female voices, and the result was almost instantaneous. The cured Alit’aren responded with faster more agile blade forms and seemingly more powerful spells, until one of the Alit’aren began to sing, moments before he was cut down by a Souljhin blade. Others took up the ancient ode, and soon their voices were joined by many more. The Nordic Tongue rose in a proud and brave harmony. Strong male voices of warrior men who did not fear death; but were relieved and in a state of hope for redemption via the miracle of Carl’s cures.
The words were translated to:
Will you miss me when I go?
When my form is covered with the falling snow,
I will not despair when I meet the eternal dark,
I will stand proud like the Wolf and boldly bark,
When the span of my life draws to its close,
My blood will spill as if pricked by the thorn of the rose,
But I will face that end and roar like a beast,
Until the spirit housed in this flesh is released!  

Suddenly the entire wall exploded into a spray of burning chunks of stone! Light flashed all around. Lightning bolts tore through the wall with a fierce roaring hum that vibrated through the atmosphere. The light was almost blinding for an instant: before the wall began to tumble under their feet. Collapsing like building blocks smashed by the fist of a gigantic child. The blast of lightning had nearly knocked Adem unconscious. Darkness and a red pulse filled his vision. He fell ... Fell forever, into darkness ... Fell through time, endless ripples upon an ocean of time ... He knew something terrible had happened, but eventually he felt himself crash land against the stone rubble below. Bones shattering like smashed glass. His skull cracked. Darkness rolled over in a triumphant wave! But the pain seemed to never end, as he dreamt a thousand dark nightmares in a realm of blood and fire.

*** 
Wil had spent the afternoon arguing with Elarja. It seemed some new twist of the Jinn-Lord’s Power had disabled the Time Stones, making it impossible for the man to return to the past to bring back Adem and Carl.
Now he lay on the sheets of his large bed, with Hayley at his side. Her soft snoring sounds brought some relief to his pain over the loss of their daughter. Even now, still being joined to the spirit that was still Enserah, his grief was often overwhelming. The potion had eased his symptoms, but a rage was building that was near to overflowing. Hayley was the same, and Wil feared her dark curse on terael did no better for her own symptoms.
He gazed at the painted ceiling above the bedposts, half sleepy in the light of glowbulbs that kept Souljhin from entering—via sinisterly placed Jhin-Taps—while people slept. Guards were at the doors, and he had dozed off to sleep more than once after making love to his wife. They held each other after, both in the grip of despair and heartache, bringing what comfort they could provide one another ... 
He stood in a long hallway of melted glass, burning white crystal, frozen steel. The walls were pitch black shadows, but arches of the glowing light framed the endless stretch of pathway that also burned pure white. He knew he was dreaming, but he also knew this was not like normal dreams. There was a substance to his surroundings that made him know it, that, and a lingering voice in the back of his mind, telling him to be wary. This place was dangerous.
He walked the path of burning crystal, glimmering ice, it seemed he walked for hours, or days. When he came to a new path between the glowing arches, he turned and continued onwards. It was a maze. Endless. Infinite. Why am I here? he wondered.
‘Join us, Brother,’ a voice said from behind him. He turned at the voice, but there was only the path of light and the endless shadows. He knew the voice. It was Adem. But Adem was somewhere else, he had travelled to ... the thought drifted into empty space within his mind ... and he continued to walk. He heard the same words, spoken this time by Carl, ‘Join us, Brother.’
He spun on his heel, as the voice was to his right, but there was no one there. There was only a new path of glimmering white stone. ‘Adem, Carl, are you out there?’ he called to the shadows in vain. There was no reply. But as he continued forwards, he heard Adem speak again. ‘It is up to you now, Brother. We have strayed from the path.’
‘What path?’ Wil cried. ‘What do you want me to do?’
‘You must save us, Wil.’ It was Adem’s voice, and these times the voices were different. It was the Adem and Carl he knew, had always known. The first times, their voices were different. Darker; perhaps almost evil.
‘How can I save you?’ Wil cried to the shadows. ‘Tell me how?’
 ‘Kill me,’ Carl spoke the words as if he were in terrible pain. He was fighting the Shadow, but Wil knew the Jinn-Lord had touched them both.
‘Kill us!’ Adem roared, and Wil spun again, as the voice was again just behind him. No one there, he thought in dismay. 
‘Why would I ever want to do that?’ He shouted at them as if they had betrayed him, betrayed the world.
‘If you do not kill us, this world will be given to the Shadow.’ That was Carl again.
‘Why?’ Wil roared in outrage. ‘What have you done? Show yourselves so we can talk!’
‘The time for talk is done,’ Adem replied. ‘The next time you see us, you must kill us, before we kill you. The Shadow was too strong. Remember, kill me.’
Carl screamed, ‘KILL MEEEEE!’
Wil covered his ears; the shrill scream of his friend tore out all hope. ‘I could never kill you.’ He spoke with tears welling. ‘You are my Brothers. We are supposed to win this war together.’
‘Together,’ Carl and Adem spoke the words as one. ‘Together; Brother, join us. Join us, so that we can be together. Join us. Join us! Join us! JOIN US, TOGETHER, FOREVER!’
... Wil woke in a cold sweat from head to toe. He was saturated. It slickened his skin though his flesh was hot, burning hot with fever. He realised when Hayley sat up in shock that he was growling in his throat. It was the growl of a wolf. Alone and afraid.
‘What is it, husband?’ Hayley asked with stark concern. ‘A bad dream?’
Wil stifled his tormented groaning until it simmered to a dull whimper. 
‘Was it about Enserah?’ Wil looked to his wife and saw the open anguish lit in her dark orbs. He put an arm around her for comfort and shook his head slowly. ‘No, it was not about her.’ 
‘Tell me, Wil, please!’
Wil sat upright for some time before he answered, ‘I fear Adem and Carl have both turned to the Shadow.’
He heard Hayley’s throated sobs of terror when a voice entered his mind. This time it was Dis Pater speaking through the kigare. Carl and Adem have returned, Brother. You are all in great danger!

Chapter 6


Time Puzzle

Adem fell from the sky … Flew through the heavens … He was burning in hellfire, bathed in pure light, swimming in ice cold waters. Floating. Falling. Flying. Burning ... Adem woke in his bedroom, the bedroom of his parent’s house! He realised when he turned on the light switch, after failing three times to wield teron to light a sphere of flame.
He gazed about in wonder. What happened? Where is Carl and Wil? Where is Jea—as memory returned, he suddenly found himself on the floor gazing up at the light that was now spotted with dark flecks in his vision. He’d taken a nasty fall and smashed his skull. He screamed, but it was not for the pain of falling. He realised in horror that he had ... He had killed ... I killed Jean? ‘I killed my wife!’ Tears filled his eyes, falling from his face as the door opened and his mother stood in the doorway with a look of terror on her face.
‘What madness are you rambling, Adem! It’s three in the morning! Your father is trying to sleep! I’m trying to sleep! What’s wrong with you? You have no wife! You’re just a madman!’
Her words struck him like a gong, but the pain in his soul burned with new fire. He screamed again, clawing at his face as if wishing he could rip the skin clean off.
‘You’ve been smoking it again, haven’t you?’ His mother wailed. ‘Jason, he’s been at it again. This time I say we kick him out!’
What is going on? Adem thought, his mind reeling in shock and pure agony. ‘What is this place?’ he asked in disbelief. ‘Where am I?’ What the hell is going on here?
‘You’re off your tree again, Adem,’ his father said, sticking his head in the door. ‘Tomorrow you can pack your bags and be gone. If you’re going to keep smoking that shit you can find someplace else to live.’
‘Smoke what?’ Adem asked aghast. ‘I don’t know what you’re talking about! I just want to know what the hell is going on!’
‘That does it, get out now. Pack your bags and be gone!’ His mother’s voice was cold fury. And if nothing else made sense so far, Adem knew that tone well enough to know it was time to go. He shoved some jeans, t-shirts, underwear, and socks into a long bag, and grabbed an extra jacket on his way out with only one pair of shoes.
When he walked outside, after being smart enough to bring a torch, he went to the garage and clicked the key lock on his car keys, but there were no lights flashing. Nothing could be right in this place, wherever the hell this is. ‘Where’s my car?’ he shouted at his parents; but heard only the door slam closed.
The next three weeks were perhaps harder living than anything he’d ever known. At sunrise he realised something was very wrong, after walking the streets at night thinking there was a power outage. But he realised the next morning that there must be no main power in the streets and houses. His parents must have been using a small generator, though he had not heard the engine.
Houses were barred shut; windows hammered over with planks of nailed wood. It was like something from the Apocalypse. In town there were no shops open. The place seemed totally deserted at first, until he saw the first signs of other humans wandering about; an overturned rubbish bin where two children scavenged. A mangy looking dog marking his territory but also looking half starved. A woman with crazed eyes staring at him from across the street before she ran into a house and slammed the door. The door must’ve had about six locks on it from the clicks that came after. 
‘What the hell is going on here?’
He decided there was no point returning to his parents. This was not the world as he knew it, and he had to do something to change it back, so the only option seemed to be to continue to explore. A part of him wished he could still live with them in this world of chaos, as the only part of him that was still remaining, but he never let his feet move back in that direction.
Luckily, his shoes lasted the journey, and in the next town he found a few answers when speaking to the locals. It had not been an atomic war, as far as they knew, but things started to change when the ‘vampires were first seen’. Adem’s jaw must’ve dropped at that, but for some reason he did not take them for madmen. Vampires had started to be a problem about ten years ago, and this place, this strange version of reality, was also about ten years into the future from when Adem and his friends last left Earth. ‘Part of the Old Gods’ Return,’ they said. ‘Once the signs began, odd creatures started to appear.’ Adem took it all in with grim reserve.
‘What about the government?’ he asked. ‘The police, the army, where are they?’
‘Those that remain are fighting on the borders,’ one terrified looking man told him quite politely, though he looked eager to run at any moment.
‘Who are they fighting?’ Adem asked.
‘The vampires,’ the man replied, as if that were the most obvious answer in the world.
In the next town Adem found old faces from his past. He ran into an old school friend, Joel. Joel had changed from the boy Adem remembered. He was a rough biker looking man with wide shoulders and thick biceps. Tattooed with skulls and demons all across his arms, back and neck, with a thick grey-tinged black beard.
Joel gave him food and shelter, a place to sit and think for a while, but on the third day Joel passed Adem what he thought was a cigarette, but after the first few puffs—when the madness started to kick in—he realised it was something else. From then on there was no going back. Adem drifted in and out of clarity, with no medication and no Healing-Magic. He had days of relative sanity and days when he did not even know if he was conscious. But he was apparently, as Joel related the mad ravings he would tell of another world, where Adem and his friends fought the Devil and were the Saviours of that world. 
A place called, ‘Kiss’mary’a’.
At first Adem didn’t know whether he should try to explain things while he was in a state of sanity, but as the months went by, he lost track of days and even weeks as his madness took on perhaps a totally alternate personality. He could not remember what he had been saying, or to who. They were blank spots in his mind. Whole events wiped out and shrouded in darkness.
Occasionally an army vehicle would be seen passing through the town, on their way to the borders. Rations were brought in by the army also, to feed the towns and villages, but mostly people grew their own fruit and vegetables, bartered for animal stock. Apparently, the city was a wasteland; those that had not fled were living in fear of vampires breaking down their door in the night. Adem still hadn’t seen one of these ‘vampires’, but his instincts told him he would not be surprised to find that was exactly what they were.
‘No one knows where they came from,’ Joel was saying one evening while they smoked tobacco out of long-stemmed pipes. They sat out the back porch with a fire burning on the field. This was still outback country, part of a small town close to where Adem had visited that pub with his friends, all those years ago, on a photo shoot with Anna. It was the first day Adem had met his wife. Grief flooded him as tears filled his eyes, and he fought desperately to subdue a fit of rage. Because when that happened, he lost consciousness. And the other guy took over. Adem did not know whether the other guy was good or bad. But Joel always said, ‘the other guy makes me nervous’. Anyone that could make Joel nervous was enough to tell Adem the other guy couldn’t be trusted. But Joel would also say, ‘I kind of like the other guy too.’ Adem wasn’t sure why, and he didn’t care to ask.
‘What does he call himself, this other me?’
‘He says his name is, the Blue Water Dragon.’

***
Wil rushed through the hallways of the palace; the guard were on high alert. Hex-Warlords were said to be attacking the keep, but Wil knew in the marrow of his bones that Adem and Carl were leading them. Hayley flanked his left with a half dozen Nordic Aldebrands to his front, right side, and rear. They prowled like ferocious felines on the hunt, though he sensed they were on edge too. Hayley kept questioning Wil about what he had told her, and it was making their guards more than nervous to consider that two of the Sons of Odin were now fighting for the Jinn-Lord.
He was headed towards Jean’s chamber, anxious and fretting in fear that she may be a target of this attack. He found her safe and unharmed, but she immediately demanded answers and Wil was soon giving up all he knew, about the dream, and what Dis Pater had confirmed. Her own Battle Angels suspected as much: that Carl and Adem were now servants of Corruption. 
Up till now Wil had not reasoned out that if Adem and Carl were not rescued from the past, the taint on teron might very well preserve their flesh for close to a thousand years. The parts of them that would not survive that journey through time, was their minds and souls.
‘Why would they wait till now to show themselves?’ Jean asked, with Elarja, Terese, Tobin and Orion and their wives also present. A heavy guard of Aldebrands, Alit’aren and Ael Tarael were also present, with a dozen or more Heroes of Will, including Rayne and Isabelle.
‘Perhaps they have been there all along,’ Elarja mused. ‘They would have known your every move since returning to Kismeria, as they had lived those experiences as their former selves.’
‘That is shocking to consider,’ Jean replied. ‘Time travel is such a mind-twister.’
‘So, what do you think they are planning?’ Lydia asked with grave concern. ‘Do you think Adem could mean harm even to the Daughter of Thor?’
‘Impossible!’ Jean replied as if scandalized.
‘It is very possible, Jean,’ Wil replied. ‘They did all but command me to kill them the next time I see them. I think that was the last part of their true selves pleading for help before they do serious harm.’
‘So, we flee then?’ Isabelle asked. For once, the woman did not seem in a mood to meet with her lover. ‘We can only hope to keep out of their reach long enough to repair the Time Stones.’
‘I don’t know if that’s possible,’ Elarja replied. ‘On further investigation, I’ve discovered that they are not totally incapacitated, rather, they are malfunctioning to extremity. The result is that time is now split into many threads, past, present and future carried across many individual timelines and jumbled together like an intricate puzzle.’
‘Meaning what, exactly?’ Jean asked, to which the Time Strider simply shrugged with a baffled expression. ‘You must know something more than that!’ Jean shouted at the man, before he said, ‘I believe past, present and future are all co-existing at the same time. No single thread is a guaranteed outcome, but our actions in each could be infinitely more precarious in terms of a desirable future.’
‘So, what is causing the malfunction?’ This time it was Terese who spoke.
‘At first, I thought it was just the Jinn-Lord’s work, but now ...’
‘Now you think Adem and Carl have something to do with it?’ Wil was surprised he had actually come up with the idea, but Elarja’s nod reassured him the theory was sound. Vexed groans and sighs abounded.

***
Adem and Carl spent the next week looking over the destruction caused by the mad Alit’aren that had taken upon the city like a cyclone of fire. Half the city was burnt to the ground, hundreds were killed, thousands wounded. They had split up their forces after destroying the wall where Adem and Carl had fought to overpower them with Healing-Magic. It had worked for some, but those still possessed had moved the remaining madmen into the city via portals, and then chaos truly reigned. 
People were screaming in terror before beams of light tore them in half; others became fireballs that flailed wildly before bursting into ash. The King had locked himself away inside his castle, and the Alit’aren had come for him too. They made a mess of half his garrison of Blood Guard and Heart Guard before the fighting ceased.
Alit’aren and Ael Tarael—mostly mortals—had fought desperately to overpower the madmen that swept through the city with ferocity and guile. Those possession demons were organized, and they made efficient use of their most deadly hosts.
Adem, Carl and Pendral had been forced to return to demolition tactics. They killed every last mad Alit’aren they could find, barely managing to cure a small number before they were prevented from wielding Angel-Magic. It would mean their death sentences in the long run, but that was the only option other than killing them before the madness returned.
Adem still had to wonder why they had been sent in such force. Did the Jinn-Lord simply want Adem and Carl dead? Or was there that other scheme brewing to drive them to wield until the madness finally won? 
There were a few of the madmen cured that were able to tell some of their story before arriving at the battlefield. Most were missing parts of their memories it seemed, they spoke of dark holes in their minds where the light could not touch, and for that reason he got little answers to his questions about the source of their motivations. Basically, they were pawns for the possession demons, willing only due to compulsion or madness, or mad compulsion. A few admitted having dreams of being on the slopes of Kerak’Otozi, though Adem suspected they were flashes of those lost memories. If the Jinn-Lord had compelled them to visit him at his lair, what foul touch could he have placed upon their souls?
The thought troubled him enough to consider executing the men on the spot, though they were now clear of mind, somewhat cured from the Schism, and they were again loyal servants of the Sons and Daughter. He did not want more blood on his hands.
Finally, he confronted Pendral about the Fists, though when he asked of their location, his son replied, ‘I had them hidden away, Father. They were too powerful, and with teron unbalanced, I could not risk the temptation of using them all too often.’
‘Well, where did you hide them?’
‘I’m not exactly certain myself, Father. You see, I had them sent off on a rather complicated journey by way of various messengers, by land, by ship and by sea; they could be on the other side of the globe by now. I considered destroying them, of course, though they seemed too precious a thing for that.’
‘So, you don’t even know how to find them again?’
‘It was important that I be unaware of the exact location, to avoid temptation. But do not worry over the Fists, Father. We have many other weapons of great might at our disposal.’
‘If you do not have the Fists, Pendral, I really must be going.’
‘But Father, please stay! Do you mean to tell me you only visited me in this Age to find the Fists and be gone again? It has been so long since we last shared an embrace. My heart has ached to see you. Please tell me you will stay a while longer. I know there is much to be done in the time where you are based, but please, Father. Stay with me, and we will drink and feast and be merry. It will be you, Mother and me, together once more.’ 
Adem saw and heard the pain ripping through Pendral, his voice a pale whisper at the last. ‘I would if I could, Pendral. It’s complicated. I wish I could explain, but I’ll visit you again as soon as I’m able.’
Suddenly Pendral seemed to snap inside his mind like a dried twig, and for the first time he could recall, Adem saw the old and evil Pendral flicker across his son’s face. ‘More broken promises, Father! You are always off with that other woman who stole you from my dear Mother. She can barely breathe without you at her side. She cries every night you are not around. Won’t you stay for her sake?’ His voice had gone from a growl, to shrill and ending in a soft whimper.
Adem breathed a deep sigh of regret; again, realising he was neglecting this boy who had grown into a man much older than Adem may ever live to be. He reached out with open arms, holding Pendral, who stood with arms by his side for a time, then hugged him back as he shed tears against Adem’s shoulder. ‘I miss you, Father. I miss our talks. I miss this.’
‘I do too, Pendral. If I could be here for you more I would. If I could change it all, I would do that, too.’
After a time Pendral raised his head, dried his eyes, and asked, ‘If I can find the Fists, will you stay with me and help me find them?’
‘Yes, Pendral, that’s why I’m here.’
Pendral’s eyes lit up as if he were that young boy again, he smiled as he clasped Adem’s shoulders, saying, ‘It will not be easy, Father, but oh! What an adventure we will have together. I left a number of clues with a number of men and women who were in charge of its delivery. They will not give up that information easily, especially to me, but perhaps the Blue Water Dragon will make them tremble and give up their secrets.’
‘You said these were just delivery men, Pendral. Are some of them wielders?’
Pendral appeared puzzled at the question, then he smiled again as he replied, ‘Some of them, Father, yes. I gave over the precious cargo first to the Honds and Makions that had settled in the West Lands close to that coastline. From there it was said to set sail with more of their kind, and some of them are very powerful wielders. They are a welcome contest in battle, as you know. But the real trouble will be with those that are safekeeping the Fists.’
‘And who are they, Pendral?’
‘Why, the Lords of Dragon Isles, Father.’ When Adem blinked and still did not comprehend, Pendral said with a grin, ‘They are under the watchful eyes of The Guild of Sorcerer Giants, somewhere out beyond the distant seas.’

***
Jean had decided to fight back against the Hex-Warlords and Hex-Keepers. They were sweeping through the palace with reign of fire, murdering packs of warriors and even innocents, servants, and palace guests. Jean and Wil fought side by side, with Hayley for backup, and whenever they spotted a dark cloaked figure hovering in a hallway, they struck hard with bolts of lightning and fireballs to beat the enemy into submission.
Jean rounded a corner in one instance to see three cloaked figures hurling ruby lightning at a pack of Wolf Guard armoured in black, and there were none amongst them strong enough to defend with shields. She watched in horror as the men were burnt alive.
At Wil’s command, Dis Pater slammed his great golden axe into a Jinn-Shield held up by one of the figures, Baidel, who fought back with fists of flame to batter the Battle Angel into a slow retreat. Tanriel and Druantia fought the other two, bolts of crimson spears and jade arrows hammering against red Shield-Spheres until the three cloaked figures vanished in a warp.
The Battle Angels returned to Resting Points each time the enemy retreated, but Jean, Wil and Hayley were always ready to summon them again at the first sign of danger. Rayne protected their rear with Rievenna, Terese, and the former rulers of Nordhel and Tarvel. Aldebrands, Alit’aren and Ael Tarael also marched amongst their ranks, ready to hurl lightning or form shields by instinct. A dozen Aldebrands also patrolled their outer defences, though; these men were also adept at forming Shield-Spells to protect themselves if need be.
Then it happened, a warp of crimson light formed at the end of a hallway before Jean and Wil, and there hovered both Adem and Carl—looking only ten years older with streaks of grey in their hair—a wicked light burning in their eye sockets similar to the Hex-Warlords. Their faces were twisted with hate and perhaps also self-loathing. Both men sent waves of fireballs flying directly at Jean and Wil, though both had summoned their Battle Angels in the instant they saw the two men appear. Shield-Spells locked around their entire host. Hex-Warlords closed in from the rear, also striking with crimson bolts. Dis Pater, Tanriel and Anwen struck back at Adem and Carl with bolts of light flaring golden, crimson, and white-hot. The two men appeared undisturbed by the onslaught, as Jean gazed behind her more than once in fear of Adem’s Golden Soldiers forming within the hallway. She had to defeat them before that happened.
Rayne summoned Odin and the First Battle Angel struck back with bolts of lightning falling like Blue Blades to pummel the enemy on both sides. Jean could hear a stark scream tearing from her throat in the agony of being attacked by her husband. She could not have believed it were true until now.
Elarja was also there, though he could do little in terms of utilizing the Stones, though he also hurled great lightning bolts that shone black like a night sky, forcing Adem and Carl into a hovering retreat. The hallway was now blazing with flames, tapestries and paintings reduced to ashes. Silvered armour melting into bubbling pools. Toramor shields and armour glowing like small suns. Only the Shield-Spells protected all involved from being vaporized by the amounts of Angel-Magic being hurled in every direction. More than once an Aldebrand or lesser wielder appeared further down the hallway, there one moment, bursting into flame and ash the next.
Jean heard Wil shouting his plea to his Brothers, ‘How could you do this to us? Why?’
Adem’s reply was cold as frozen steel, ‘Join us, Brother, and then all this can end.’
Her husband spoke the words as Dis Pater slammed his golden axe against Adem’s Jinn-Shield repeatedly, golden, and crimson sparks flying as the man was slowly pushed further into retreat. Odin’s Blades struck from above: flaring with white fire on impact. Tanriel and Anwen continued to assault Carl with Spears and white lightning, though it seemed they were joined in a link, and that they had also increased in strength due to their connection to the Jinn-Lord.
‘You told me to kill you the next time we met,’ Wil roared with defiance.
‘Then do it,’ Carl spoke this time, his voice full of sorrow. Though the next moment, both Carl and Adem had vanished, and moments later so had their allies. Lightning and fire also ceased moments later, and Jean fell to her knees with tears distorting her vision. A water-washed sea of flames; as their Shield-Spheres dissipated, smoke filled her lungs. Their Battle Angels had tired just at that moment. Blazing heat nearly flayed her skin before the strongest wielders quenched the flames. Lydia rushed to Jean’s side to offer Healing-Magic.

***
Tarz strode through the palace hallways with a fury for vengeance. Wherever Souljhin appeared, sliding across the carpeted floors like black vipers, he vanquished them with lightning and flames. Jen Terendel marched at his side, along with a host of Heroes wielding Angel-Magic to devastating effect.
Abigail Tormeidhellin acted as an Aldebrand for Tarz, protecting his front with a blade of white light, cutting down enemies with ease. Riol Darks-Bane flanked her right, rune marked sword glowing pale blue as the Hero of Will clashed blades with Souljhin to hack off skulls and plant the blade through their chests and spines.
Highlander’s daughter Janeanne joined their entourage, wielding Wardens formed of blue flame that hacked through Souljhin with burning blades. The figures simply looked like armoured warriors, though they wore the round conical hats Adem Highlander often created on his Jade Samurai.
The Souljhin were swarming in this part of the palace, seemingly hunting greater prey, though they flowed into the chamber where Tarz formed a defence, as if the daughter of Highlander was a target that they were willing to focus all their strengths upon.
In the skies above the palace, Shienden the great dragon roared with rage, though Tarz did not know why. He guessed the news that Highlander had joined the Shadow would inspire the dragon’s rage, though Shienden must have known of this for however many years Carl Wilder and Adem Highlander had been turned by the Shadow. Perhaps it was Highlander’s decision to expose himself here as a traitor that had the dragon so disgruntled.
‘Shienden says my father has attacked my mother and her protectors,’ Janeanne said aghast. ‘They are unharmed, but I fear my father will strike again when his strength returns.’
Tarz had separated from the group to rescue Janeanne, on Jean’s order. Her life was his responsibility, and he would not wish to face the wrath of the Snow Fox if he failed in this mission.
Other Aldebrands and Alit’aren also marched behind Tarz and Janeanne, enough to protect them from rear attacks. Heroes including Rihon Red-Hawk and Cinderlin also guarded the rear. Their strength at wielding was enough to vanquish Souljhin, despite the fact that those Demonsouled were almost impervious to wielders considered strong for this Age.
The essence of the Harp still provided some extra abilities to the Heroes, who could morph from one place to another as if by teleport, sliding, gliding, and floating across the floors as their forms melded, melted or shimmered with insubstantiality. Though, when Riol appeared behind a Souljhin with his blade sliding across its throat, the figure appeared more solid than a stone statue before the burning blade decapitated its victim. It was the same for all of them. And when a group of them fought together, a mist would often form around them, as zombies rose from the fog to drag down Souljhin fighting for escape. It was a little disturbing to witness, but effective.

Chapter 7

Mind Shards
Eventually Adem regained some of those lost memories during his time with Joel, those gaps in his mind that were dark and clouded. The first he remembered was when he had walked for days to the next town, when he entered a church, his soul aching, his mind throbbing with illness. Even when he regained the memory it was hazy, due to the madness that filled his consciousness like a storm cloud thick with heavy rain and throwing down lightning. Moments of clarity amidst a raging temper that threatened everyone in his presence.
Yet at the time, he was lost and alone, and he kneeled before the altar to pray. He closed his eyes and asked for forgiveness for his crimes. He could see his wife’s death so vividly then. It scorched his mind like a blazing furnace. Torched his soul with bright embers of suffering. Tears flowed as he quivered and moaned. In agony. His pain amplified a thousandfold from anything he had ever felt before.
But after a time, he felt the Lord’s Light enter his heart. Hope blossomed there that forgiveness were possible. He felt weightless, pure, and cleansed, as he heard people around him gasp in awe. He opened his eyes to see that he was floating above the pews, still in kneeling position with his hands pressed together in prayer. People were gaping up at him in wonder.
It was then that he saw Joel and his wife, Allison, sitting there with arms crossed and stern faces, though Adem recalled a light of wonder glint in Joel’s eyes as he watched Adem float above the church floor, over ten feet off the ground. There was a kind of light that emanated from Adem all around, though when he looked back over his shoulders, he was stunned to see blue wings glowing behind him like burning feathers.
The rest was clouded that created gaps in his mind, until he arrived at Joel’s farm and they sat and talked. Joel had seemed to notice the change in Adem, so that the man did not mention witnessing the miracle in the church. It was like that from then on, when Joel was speaking to Adem, he did not talk about the Blue Water Dragon, or what he saw of him, though over time Joel began to relate some details about his encounters with these two seemingly different personalities within the one man. 
It seemed that when the madness set in, and his memories became blocked, Adem could fly again, though the man they spoke to during those times was clearly plagued by serious mental illness. Sly. Anxious. Moody and potentially dangerous. One day while sitting on the back porch, Joel admitted, ‘Allison liked the Water Dragon. He used to hover around her while she sang.’ Adem still did not recall what fate had befallen Joel’s wife, and a terrible fear kept him from asking, until his own memories provided the answer. 
It was a sore point for Joel, and it made Adem more than nervous, as he feared the man held a grudge for some role Adem had played that resulted in Allison’s death. He had not killed her, he was sure of that, as Joel was a fairly placid man at the best of times, but if Adem had willingly brought harm to Joel’s wife, he knew he would no longer be breathing.

***
Rayne looked over the desolation created by Souljhin and Hex-Warlords, including his grandfather, Adem Highlander. The battle had lasted hours, though it was still unclear what the enemy had intended, other than to prove that Adem Highlander and Carl Wilder had been turned to the Shadow. Perhaps this was reason enough.
He used what magic he was able to quench fires throughout the palace, while his darling Rievenna stood guard like a spying hawk. Heroes of Will marched at their sides, Runden Gale-Storm in robes of burning blue; white masked worked with silver. The woman was dark of hair with a wiry muscular frame, wielding a bow of blue that fired jade arrows of flame. Calestori Red-Robin was a legend of this world, forever remembered for her hair of pale white snow that shone like silver now, wielding a crossbow that never needed reloading despite the Hero being released from the Harp of Odin. The bolts fired were burning silver with arrowheads designed to punch through the heaviest of armour plates. Calestori had taken out dozens of Souljhin with those bolts, the menacing figures twitching in their death throes before other Heroes hacked off skulls and limbs with glowing rune marked blades. The cape of burning ruby light marked her name of legend as the woman swept through the hallways like a phantom of crackling energy. 
Rodin Cloud-Walker joined Rayne’s entourage, wielding that sceptre of burning blue that unleashed bolts of lightning to tear through Souljhin armour, melting corpses into congealed dark piles.

*** 
One day Adem finally got to meet some of these ‘vampires’ he’d heard so much about. Every so often Joel took Adem on a small adventure to nearby towns, for fuel, ammunition, explosives, and the like. There was a barter system even for these hard to get items, but the cost was usually more a trade of services, such as volunteering to work guard duty for a number of weeks.
On this occasion Joel had to be back at the farm within a day or two, so he chose the service of a rescue mission. One of the gang leaders claimed his son had been taken by vampires the night before. They knew where the vampires were keeping him, underground, but none of his men were willing to do the work to rescue him. ‘Bunch of yellow-bellied worms if you ask me,’ the man barked in an irate tone. ‘I’d shoot the lot of them of them if I didn’t need them for guard duty. Now here’s the thing, my sons only got another day or two before he’s turned. I couldn’t bear to lose my only boy to those bastard creatures. Will you help me? There’ll be plenty of loot in it for you.’ 
‘You know I’ve had my eye on that machine gun of yours for some time,’ Joel told the man. ‘Throw in enough ammunition to last a year, plus fuel for two jeeps, and I’ll do it.’
The large grey bearded man rubbed his chin before saying, ‘Sure, you get my son back, and I’ll have the Sabre-Tooth gift wrapped for you when you get back.’
‘I only go if I’m taking the Sabre with me,’ Joel said with a less than amused expression. ‘It’ll make a mess of those bastards better than any cold steel. Unless you’ve got any of those genuine Samurai blades on hand?’ 
‘I’ve got one left,’ the man said, ‘pure ancient forged metal. It’s the strongest blade I’ve ever seen, but you’ve got to keep it sharp if you’re facing a vampire horde. Say you’ll do it, and it’s yours.’
‘I’ll take it,’ Adem said.

***
Jean later realised the attacks on the palace had been aimed at one specific group of targets, and they were every Druid Chemist gathered at Orodhel. Once this became known, the defenders had changed tactics, seeking out any surviving Druids and defending them from further attacks. Of the twelve most senior Druids or Chemists gathered within the palace, the only three survivors were Cromwed; the strange Magician Elf that Wil had picked up on his journeys, Telsa the Crow, and the man who had discovered a somewhat suitable cure, Master Druid Allor. 
Adem, Carl and the Hex-Warlords returned numerous times to attempt to destroy these three survivors, but with the miracle potion in their veins, Jean, Wil, Hayley and the rest were able to hold off against possession demons while beating the enemy into a retreat. Even Pendral was cowed when facing Rayne with the potion feeding his ability to wield. 
Their next decision seemed desperate, but to Jean it seemed their only hope of winning so far. Gathering her most trusted and valuable advisors and protectors, they fled the palace via portals, and on Wil’s intuition they chose their next location with some degree of apprehension. 
Taking a small force of wielders, along with Serock, the former Kings and Queens of Nordhel and Tarvel, Rayne Dragon-Sword, Rievenna Light-Bow, Tarz, his men, and a host of Children of Odin and Heroes of the Harp of Souls, they stepped out into a forest almost as old as the Age of Chaos. The forest bordered Red River, where Tobin and Orion and their wives had lived and governed for hundreds of years towards the end of this Age, and it was where the two men had first encountered a large clan of Dark Elves, or Eva’Hahlen.
It was Wil’s decision to recruit these men and women to his cause, and though he was nervous at the prospect of facing them—and relating the fact that two of the Sons were likely now controlled by possession demons—he was now determined to unite these people to his cause. They were a people that Adem had at one point seen as crucial to his hopes of victory over the Jinn-Lord. Now it was up to Wil to take on the role of uniting the people of these lands, putting old feuds and wars aside for a greater cause. 
Jean assured Wil she would serve as his advisor in this, but she was unwilling to take part in negotiations, as she would not let her name be tarnished by becoming involved in recruiting a network of warriors that were potentially much more rabid than Tarz’s Forsaken. 
Red River was also where Jean’s daughter, Janeanne, had been raised by Orion and Elmira, Tobin, and Lydia, and of course her daughter joined them in their flight, bringing with them Telsa, Cromwed and Allor also. This was the plot that tipped the balance in their favour. An army of Forsaken and Dark Elves wielding the Jinn Arts was insurmountable power and wrath, but balanced with Allor’s miracle potion, there was a chance none of them would fall into madness ever again. 

***

Kelflin Dark-Bow was the Eva’Hahlen leader introduced to Wil, the introduction made first by Tobin and Orion, who had met the Dark Elf previously when they first learnt of the return of the Sons and Daughter to Kismeria. Of course, Dark Elf clans really had no leaders: they simply appointed the right man or woman for whatever job needed to be done at the time. A nomadic people, they were forever at odds with the peoples they encountered while wandering the lands. 
‘What sort of bargain do you offer, Wil Martyr?’ Kelflin asked with dark eyes burning. The potential madness was rife in every one of them, and Wil was more than nervous negotiating with this Elf. ‘Adem Highlander promised to lead us to the Ragnarök Battle, if we were united by a newly appointed King or Queen, though we only see further division and bloodshed to try to reach such a decision. We require initiative from you, Wil Martyr, to help us choose who should lead.’
Wil thought on this for some time, taking time out to speak with his advisors, and when he returned to meet Kelflin, he had his decision. ‘We shall appoint clan chiefs and their wives to act as temporary leaders for your people. How many clans do you have?’
‘We have hundreds, in truth, though most could be classed under the banners of seven main clan names, the White Cliff Toreanen, Grey Wolf Mikendel, Blade-Archer Clan, the Seven Brothers Clan, the Kerellen Bear Blood Clan, the Chiaran Griffon-Claws, and the Black Rock Brothers. I believe if you choose a Clan Chief and Archer-Mother for each of these seven, you will forge the leadership you require to unite the Eva’Hahlen and potentially avoid a world war.’
Wil grinned at the last before he replied, ‘Speaking of war, we have quite a battle to face of our own. This is what I propose. We will stage a competition, to choose the new clan chiefs and their wives. Wherever demons appear over the next four weeks, seven appointed judges will lead your seven clans into battle against the demon hordes. It will be up to the ambition of each potential pair of leaders to prove themselves in battle, while showing great leadership and the ability to lead while others gladly follow, to victorious results. We will call this tournament the Asgardics, as your judges shall be the Great Angels, and you will strive to win the favour of the gods.’
Kelflin’s burning dark eyes appeared to be grinning at this point, as the man said, ‘You make a fair bargain, for which we will hold you to it, in terms of your agreement to give us a place of honour in your armies against the Shadow.’ His expression changed, looking troubled, ‘Regarding Adem Highlander and Carl Wilder, and Pendral, what if they appear to intervene in these battles, along with other Hex-Warlords?’
‘Adem and Carl must not be harmed!’ Jean interjected with vehemence.
‘I agree,’ Wil mused, then he spoke to Kelflin to state, ‘You will not harm either of those men, and Pendral is for me to deal with alone. Yet if any of you assist me in defeating Pendral, by holding off his Brothers and Sisters in battle, you will find a place of honour higher than any Clan Chief or Archer-Mother. Yet my battle with Pendral is not to be interrupted. It is personal.’

*** 
The vampire coven was believed to be hiding out in a network of caves that stretched underground beneath what was once a suburban street. They entered via a large stormwater drain, Adem creeping with the blade held unsheathed. Joel marched in front with that mammoth of a machine gun, wearing a large backpack loaded with ammunition. Joel had hoped to bring at least one other man to carry the ammo, but there was no one willing to risk their necks.
This was another example of a memory that was clouded and hidden from Adem until much later, though when the memory returned, it was as if he lived those hours all over again. It was during this time, that the Water Dragon took over.
He didn’t know how, or why, but the Samurai blade began to burn a soft blue once they began to trek underground. Joel grunted when he noticed but said nothing more. Adem could feel some degree of magic from himself, entering the blade, and he believed this would give him some greater chance of wounding or killing these enemies.
The caves were slick with grime, some ooze released by the vampires to create their nests where they held fresh blood captive. They followed the trail of slime and sludge as their only means of tracking, there were no footprints of the captives, as if they had been carried through the air. Further down the cave opened up significantly, to high chambers riddled with stalactites and stalagmites. The wet formations glowed like crystal in the light of Adem’s blade, casting shadows of many odd shapes, some human looking, others like animals or creatures of Faerie. A drip, drip, drip was heard repeatedly in the distance, and all around. They brought their own water flasks and stopped to take a few sips after an hour or more. Then Joel took more than a sip from his hip flask. He’d been distilling his own whiskey for some time now. He offered Adem a sip, but Adem refused with a shake of his head. He needed to keep his mind clear. 
Joel pointed two fingers at Adem’s eyes: then he made a halo symbol with thumb and index-finger. This was one of those times when Adem’s eyes would have been blazing full psychotic, while under the Command of the Blue Water Dragon. Joel grinned, because he knew here and now, he needed that guy, and not Adem Highlander, the meek and mild mannered. Although the Schism was not sensed in the same way, here on Earth, during these times the river of electric light coursing through his veins was fused with the noxious blight of insanity.

*** 
Hayley led a team of Forsaken and Dark Elves through the dense forest of Agelwoodelm. It was a forest over four hundred years old, but it had grown dark and menacing with thick bramble and other thorny plants. Vines tangled and strangled the twisted trunks of oak, pine, ash, and silveroak, but the redwood trees were strong and tall, covering most of the forest in a thick canopy that blocked out even the moonlight in many places. Strands of light fell through the shadows like slanted glass blades, moonlight piercing the canopies on a starlit night with few clouds. Wil was by her side of course, though he seemed concerned with keeping an eye on both Hayley and now also Jean, as well as Adem’s daughter Janeanne. Perhaps it was the loss of a daughter he had hardly ever known, that made him realise his duty to protect Highlander’s offspring. That pain they both felt would not stop either Wil or Hayley from trying to murder Adem’s son, Pendral, if the opportunity arose. 
Jean and Janeanne scouted with a similar sized party to the south of their position, and this distance that separated them seemed a great concern for her husband, but he watched over her like a wolf protects its cubs. 
The forest was chosen as a starting point for the Asgardics, as it had been plagued with Vypain demons for the last two hundred years or more. Vypain liked trees: they were similar to great apes in many ways, at least in shape and form. Hayley spied a cluster of the demons gathered in the branches of a silveroak that stood taller than others nearby. No bigger than an eight-year-old boy, they sat hunched like fat bellied swine, though they were covered in thick grey shag. Ravens’ talons the size of a human fist clutched at the branches below, attached to stumpy furred legs, with human arms clutching pieces of torn flesh with razor black claws. They seemed to have torn apart a small wild boar to share amongst them, gorging with sharp bloodied fangs, faces like cats with golden eyes and twisted grey rams’ horns.
They were ferocious enough fighting with those teeth and claws, but that was not their real power. Hayley aimed her bow at one of the creatures to blast its skull apart with a golden Lightning-Arrow. Black blood sprayed its companions as the body swayed then fell to the forest floor, as the rest began a fierce barking growl, calling to their kin. Those that survived the onslaught of Acid-Arrows that flew from Dark Elf bows, that is. And within moments the small cluster were blasted to bits, but Hayley had taken out the first in such a way to allow the demons to summon their horde. To find a champion of the Asgardics amongst these Eva’Hahlen, they would require many demons to battle.

*** 
Carl was reluctant to trust Pendral on this mission he had proposed, but as both he and Adem were counting on obtaining the Fists of Odin, to deal with their problems faced in the distant future, it seemed they had no choice other than to comply. The use of Portal-Magic made their journey much easier in terms of covering great distances, so much so that there was no need for a boat when they knew they had to cross some of the great oceans.
Pendral followed up on a series of clues and tip offs from men and women, Elf and Man, travelling across the continent of the Free Lands, until he learnt that the Fists were held in a kind of magical structure halfway across the globe. They soon made the leap across the sea to reach a rather large island occupied by ancestor tribes of the Honds, Makions, and other Viking type tribesman, as well as a large population of Giants, many of whom were also powerful wielders of teron and terael. 
To cut their journey down to the short and simple, after speaking with the locals, they were led to a great underground cathedral, where they spent the night after a hot meal, baths, and plenty to drink. Then the next day, they were shown the Arkendriel. 
The device only opened during daylight hours, as a shaft of sunlight appeared through the stone ceiling with the first rays of dawn, setting up a spinning of cranks, shafts and other mechanical wheels and devices, as the floor in the centre of the cathedral opened up wide. From the floor a dozen coffin shaped golden caskets rose, encased in crystal clear glass for the lids, and the caskets spun and twisted as they rose, driven by mechanics, to reveal much deeper mechanics and stairways beneath them. 
These series of coffin shaped cells were a labyrinth type test of strength and magic, where the wielder would touch a glowing disc to enter the first chamber, and this would also shrink the wielder down to a size no larger than the human thumb. The chambers were no larger than coffins fit for a Giant, and so when reduced to such a size, they formed a large and detailed maze and dangerous course for running the gauntlet.
There were rules, as explained by the large, wizened Giant with grey bushy brows and skin like aged parchment. When entering each chamber, the wielder was allowed only one opportunity to wield Angel-Magic, within that particular chamber, and when they reached the next, they were again gifted one use of teron or terael to use in that next chamber, and so on. But there was a cheat, in that in each chamber, there was another disc located somewhere difficult to reach or touch, but if that button could be reached, another spell or wielding of Angel-Magic was allowed to be used in that particular chamber, or it could be stored as a means to cheat a level by skipping the battle with the Guardian Spirit.
The cheat disc and the portal buttons that moved the wielder from one chamber to the next, were round crystals encased in a ring of gold, that glowed with a warm mix of colours, and were shaped like half a sphere, bulging outwards, or convex, the first, to enter, being large enough to spread a Giant’s palm across. Carl wondered if it read individual fingerprints.
It seemed wisest to allow Pendral to take the risk first, as he was the strongest wielder and also half immortal, making him more likely to reach the cheat buttons. The trick of the test was of course that there was also a powerful Guardian Spirit to defeat within each chamber. Defeating the Guardian would usually require Angel-Magic, and so the first spell was nearly always sacrificed for this purpose. Battle Angels could not be brought into the Arkendriel, and portals to jump straight to the next transport button could not be achieved with the first spell, only after defeating the Guardian Spirits was the transport button unlocked to enter the next chamber. Though the first spell was not necessarily strong enough to destroy each Guardian, the cheat spell was, however.
 However, Adem was overly protective of his son, and although Carl saw the many reasons Pendral would still be needed to fulfil the patterns of his lifetime from now to his fated madness, Carl also urged Adem to consider the risks to losing the Blue Water Dragon, as this Arkendriel Gauntlet could easily result in death. 
Despite the risks, Adem would not be satisfied unless he was allowed to be the first to enter the test. The reward for which would be not only the chance to obtain the Fists of Odin—that were stored away in this magical seal by the wielder Giants—but also the opportunity to choose another two items of extreme magical strength, from a variety of items stored at this location since the Age of Wisdom. 

***
A light snow began to fall through the moonlit trees, as the roar of thousands of wild beasts filled the air.
Rayne and Rievenna darted through the forest like phantom sprites. Their fleet footed Aelfin forms carrying them over stone, leaves and twisted roots in a flickering of motion, barely discernible to the eyes of Mortals. Rayne carried a Lukrorian Bow of shining silver, firing blazing arrows of white fire to punch through Vypain skulls and chests. The furry creatures burst, groaned, or simply fell to the forest floor like overripe fruit. And not just those Rayne and Rievenna took aim at. The forest was swarming with the ape-like tree-demons, and competitors of the Asgardics raced around them in a swirling blur of colours and lights, firing Lightning-Arrows of every colour to blast their enemies into oblivion.
And it was more of a display than would normally be expected, even for such a large, well organized clan of Dark Elves. The magic potion that cured their mental illnesses was also fuelling their magic to epic proportions, and they were practically supersonic as a result of that fuel. 
For Rayne, the feeling that crept over him was vibrant and cooling, electric light glowed in his vision as if the arrows were crystal burning into magma of electric blues, reds, golden and violet. He felt supercharged, with raw energy emanating from his core in a steady flow that was somewhat dazing when not wielding Angel-Magic.
The Vypain fought back wielding their flame spells, casting down streaks of crimson fireballs that crash landed amongst packs of Dark Elf combatants, some being blasted to pieces by the onslaught, though most were too swift to even be struck. Tattooed in dark blacks, blues and reds, this tan-skinned and tall breed of Elf-Kin were adept at archery perhaps beyond any other of the clans that remained to date. Many wore swords at their hips, and they would be far greater in their sword forms than most Mortals, particularly with their advantage of speed, but nearly all carried quivers at their waist belts and more across their backs. 
Although their Lightning-Arrows were unlimited, these Dark Elf clans preferred to keep a stock of wood, feather and steel arrows in case they ran out of magic reserves, and most would rather use their strength to carry six quivers of two dozen, rather than weigh themselves down with a broadsword, claymore, maces and other hand to hand combat weaponry. Their aim was precise, tearing through Vypain flesh like ferocious felines with Arrow-Blades of Jinn-Magic, acid flames and lightning of wicked garnet that stripped flesh from bone and melted bone to floating dust.
The snowfall made the ecstasy of the potion peaceful, despite the exertion, though the overwhelming surge of energized capacity and alertness was turning this battle into a massacre for the poor little Vypain. He thought of them with some compassion as they were first bred from a great ape branching at the Dawn of the Age of Chaos.

***

Joel’s Sabre-Tooth roared ferociously, spitting out bullets in a golden spray of light. The ammunition was bullets four inches long, with every first four designed to cut holes through the enemy, while the fifth bullets contained explosive heads, planting themselves in the target to blast the body apart on impact. The vampires were moving from their caves and into the large chamber where Joel moved like a veteran commando, the Sabre tearing vampire bodies to shreds that imploded in savage reds and yellows.
These vampires were a little different to those Adem knew from Kismeria, in that they could transform, forming huge batwings of leathery grey, their eyes like Souljhin, dark and menacing with a course grey-green hide of pure muscle.
They’d split up, Joel covering Adem whenever Adem took on a new opponent, by spreading his gunfire across the cavern chamber to hold off other potential attackers. But Adem was still in the fierce grip of a spell of aggressive madness, his entire body pulsing with electric light, the sword a beacon of blue flame in his grasp.
Whatever magic Adem was able to meld with the blade ensured it remained sharp: the rest was mostly up to Adem’s strength and endurance, though he flowed through the sword forms taught to him by two of Kismeria’s greatest Immortal Kings.
When a vampire launched towards him with black claws outstretched for the kill, he severed wrists to bleeding black stumps, plunged the blade through sternums, or throats, or slashed with forms such as Right Stirrup; that left the victims practically torn in half with gaping wounds from left shoulder to right hip. The creatures screamed in deathly wails as bodies collapsed to spill black blood like rivers about his feet.

Chapter 8

The Asgardics
Hayley summoned Druantia to assist her against the surging demon swarms. Vypain grouped together in packs of fifty to a hundred, led by their Pack Chiefs, a massive male similar in size to a gorilla: though these pack leaders were also the main targets of many Dark Elves vying for a position of leadership amongst the clans. 
Wil watched as Druantia appeared in an emerald haze to blast the enemy with sheets of electric green arrows, firing so rapidly the shafts seemed to spread like a blazing river. Blanketing the Vypain seated upon tree branches to fry flesh from bones, melting bone to ash as if dipped in acid.
A number of Green Men sprouted from the earth to march amongst the forest, though these much taller and thinner breed of Tree-Men did not smash and clobber the demons perched within the branches, but instead touched leafy fingers upon the branches where Vypain sat, and an emerald blaze started up at every touch. From these flames sprouted Emerald Dwarves, squat bearded men of green fire: wielding heavy axes burning bright. The Dwarf sprites charged along branches to hack through Vypain flesh with savagery and might, black blood spraying in their wake, limbs and skulls severed amongst the splatter.
Hayley’s remaining vampire and werewolf coven also fought by her side, the vampires flying amongst the trees to hack down demons with burning blades or axes, while wolves of impossible size and speed patrolled around Hayley on all sides, soon finding the task of tearing through the occasional Boli-Kuldr demon that sprouted from the shrubbery, the eight to ten feet tall beasts were no match for werewolves standing as tall on all fours.
Though another surprise occurred during this part of the battle, when Hayley seemed to have summoned the spirit of Balor’s Battle-Wolf, Shadowhunter. A gleaming grey-white coat upon the beast that was larger than any of Hayley’s other werewolves. Shadowhunter howled at the moon through the canopies, and suddenly the packs of werewolves took up the cry. At this point Wil became aware of dozens of wolf packs approaching the forest from all sides. He reached out to their minds by instinct, striving to make contact and bind them to his cause. Though there was something very wrong about these wolves. He felt it as he probed their thoughts: that were savage, filled with bloodlust and perhaps pure evil. 
They were not Demonwolves, but they were a breed corrupted by the Jinn-Lord, he was certain. He had not been told of these by other wolves, or any of his companions of this Age, though he began to dread facing perhaps a thousand or more of these fast-approaching beasts.

*** 

Rayne summoned Tohka Reiden, the second judge of the Asgardics. There were already a number of pairs, male and female Dark Elves striving for a victory in this competition. Demon mind control seemed the most favoured approach, as powerful wielders fought both with bow and arrows of flame, but at the same time also harnessing Jinn-Magic to take over the thoughts of Vypain Pack Leaders, the immense brutish males of pure muscle that barked with ferocity and fought with guile. The Pack Leaders, also known as morgrahs, harnessed the full force of their brothers and sisters within each pack. Hurling down fireballs of immense size and strength, with enough force to create small craters in the earth. Setting grassfires and surrounding shrubbery aflame.
Beredrent and Athuwen, of the Blade-Archer Clan, were a husband and wife who wielded the Jinn Arts to deadly effect. They reached out to the minds of the morgrahs to force those Leaders to turn on their own packs. Some utilized this control to quick forms of devastation, such as setting the entire branch aflame to make fifty or more demons plummet to their deaths. Beredrent and Athuwen locked onto the minds of a pair of morgrahs, then used these beasts like battering rams to plough along the branches. Leaping from tree to tree, clubbing and swiping at smaller Vypain to knock them unconscious, tear off skulls and rip limbs apart in bloody sprays. 
Taken by a blood-frenzy, the cries of the morgrahs could be heard sounding throughout the forest, either ending their packs and their own lives in epic blasts of destruction or pounding and shredding through demon flesh like the big bully turned rabid.
Soon the cries of hundreds of wolves approaching drowned out the barking Vypain, however, and Rayne knew at the first howl that these wolves were not the kind that were friendly to Men and Elves. 

*** 
Jean hurled a bolt of blue lightning at the skull of a Boli-Kuldr, charging through the scrub. The demon’s skull burst to white hot flame then exploded into blood and dust. Three more charged at her from its side, Janeanne turned their necks to black fountains. Crushing skulls with Angel-Magic like ripe grapes. They had brought a decent number of Forsaken warriors to guard them, in case these Dark Elves turned rabid. Tarz stood by Jean’s right flank, Janeanne to her right, with Terese and Arig guarding their outer flanks. Along with Isabelle, and a number of other Heroes of Will.
It seemed a great risk to bring Heroes, as these seemed a soft target for possession demons of late, though all had tasted a fresh batch of the miracle potion. All were revelling in the potent spell of rejuvenation, pulsating energy, and torrents of magic it provided. It was hoped this would also protect them from possession spirits, as the potion washed away the madness of the Schism and curse like a river pushing through piles of sludge.
Boli-Kuldr, Nymloc and Jacoulra were beginning to appear in greater numbers, though the Forsaken and Dark Elves dispatched these with greater ease than Jean or Janeanne were capable of, while Isabelle, Arig and other Heroes wielded Lightning-Arrows to blast demon skulls to blood and ash.
It was at this point that Jean summoned Tanriel, another judge of the Asgardics. She had waited till this point as they needed these judges to also serve as protectors if the battle got out of hand. Those demon-soul wolves were now appearing on the edges of the battlefield within the forest scrub. It seemed these were almost impervious to magic and perhaps also steel. They were not a rabid breed, though their eyes flamed with the darkness similar to male wielders and the Schism within teron. They barked savagely, and their bodies seemed to carry a vast shadow that covered their fur but also surrounded them like an ominous aura. 
They were larger than normal wolves too. At least by a hand. Standing on all fours, with wide front haunches and a thick skull. Jaws of monstrous fangs, glistening like steel. At times Jean glimpsed nothing more than an approaching shadow. Eyes lit like hot coals in the night. At that distance they could have been Nymloc, if not for their unmistakable bark, where Nymloc sounded more of a lion’s roar.
Soon there were hundreds of the beasts ploughing through the defence lines. They were swifter than Aelfin feet, and their teeth and claws shredded through Dark Elf victims like tearing paper with a razor blade. Scarlet spattering in their wake.
As Tanriel appeared, soaring high amongst the forest canopies to fix her view upon the fields, her Spears shot forth like spokes from a wheel. A spray of burning ruby shafts with spearheads like broadswords. Splicing with the skulls and hides of these demonic wolf breeds. Hot coals danced across fur and flesh until wolves dissipated with an eerie howl.

*** 
Wil had been reaching out to the good wolves he could sense in the forest and beyond, though he learnt a harsh lesson when he tried to bond them to his cause. These wolves did not know him, and though they had heard of him, the Son of Odin that could talk with beasts, they did not trust him, and were too frightened of these demonic wolves to put faith and loyalty in a two-legs that wished them to die for a greater cause.
This was a heavy blow to Wil’s ego, and his confidence, as the demon-soul wolves began to mass by the hundreds, along with a number of black mountain bears that were also taken by the powerful curse.
Three such beasts charged towards Wil and Hayley from three points. Massive bears with eyes like ferocious black stones, burning with corruption and occasionally a fierce red glow. The same ominous shadows surrounded these creatures, as they crashed through brush and bramble. Tearing down victims to feast a moment on entrails before ploughing onwards towards their main prey.
Wil and Hayley assaulted one with blasts of Lightning-Arrows many times during its approach, and soon learnt it was to no avail. Druantia flew like a swooping eagle upon that one, a fiery brand of emerald with a steel tooth four feet long burning blue at the tip. The Battle Angel drove the shaft of flame deep through the backbone of the bear, as it collapsed sluggishly, though it took a swipe at her and was back on its feet a moment, before she pulled the Spear free to plant it again through its heart. 
The other two were gaining great speed at this point, as Wil shouted the names, ‘Gwydion!’ and ‘Eledisren!’ The Magician God appeared in a burning garnet robe, glowing with golden stars and moons. Holding up a large staff of blazing white, that the bear bit onto and clasped with its massive claws. Gwydion skidded in the dirt, as lightning bolts tore through the hide of the bear. Teeth blazing with white light as electric bolts pulsed and flared around it like some cosmic battle, until the creature was no more. 
Dis Pater appeared seconds after his summons, standing twelve feet tall. Even taller than the first time Wil visited Kismeria, though the Battle Angel was preserving his might to appear even at such a modest height. Planting the golden battle-axe blade deep in the chest of the charging bear. Swinging upwards as flames spread across its fur, splitting the ribcage. The beast’s head exploded in a shower of golden sparks before a burning carcass collapsed at his feet. 
Wil knew that this would have been the end: if their Battle Angels’ Magics had been already exerted. He realised then that he had another tribe of beings to join to his cause, though he wondered what sort of bargain he could make with wolves.

*** 
Rayne summoned Odin to join the bloodbath. Those evil wolves were causing a lot of trouble, tearing through Dark Elf and Forsaken armour and flesh with vehemence. Rayne hurled a number of potentially devastating spells at one of the beasts, at one-point lighting up the forest with a pure beam of blue-white fire burning four feet across, a blazing pillar that reached the treetops. 
But when the spell began to dissipate, the wolf formed mostly of shadows simply crept beyond the point of impact, muzzle of razor fangs glistening with the blood of recent victims. It was then Rayne realised normal magic could not destroy these creatures, even when Rayne and his companions were revelling in the surge of teron and terael brought on by the miracle potion.
Rayne and Rievenna always had a Portal-Spell open ready to flee their current position if the wolves got too close, but when Odin joined Tohka Reiden in a Link, lightning bolts launched from the fists of the Battle Angels, beards glowing like snow and starlight, their armour embossed golden layers on crimson and dark blue in shapes of dragons. The bolts took down the cursed wolves with comparative ease, blasting the beasts to bloody shreds, limbs flying amidst deathly howls.
With the snow still falling, it was difficult not to feel at peace, despite the growing power of evil forces emanating from demons and those evil wolf packs. Perhaps it was the potion bringing on a stabilizing sense of calm and increased awareness. Angel-Magic was a raging torrent with every breath, as he unleashed bolts of burning blue from his open palms, the bow now cased across his shoulders.
Rievenna still wielded Lightning-Arrows, though her spirit was unleashing swarms of Pixie Wardens in blue and emerald, the burning sprites punched through Boli-Kuldr, Nymloc and Jacoulra chests, blasting skulls apart in neon flares. 

***
Orion stood back to back with Tobin, their wives Elmira and Lydia to either side, the two women hurling blue flame like burning sabres. Orion and Tobin wielded teron to create scores of Golden Tigers and Emerald Lions: that gave some contest against the cursed breed of wolves that were now approaching in greater numbers.
Occasionally a Lion or Tiger would overpower one of the shadow garbed creatures, biting a wolf skull clean off or simply tearing limbs from the carcass in a bloody mess. But mostly the Spirit Wardens were only able to hold off the advance of these ill-bred beasts, a lot of roaring and howling, claws like steel shredding at each other, flesh and bone usually yielding to the strength of Fire-Magic forged muscle.
Though these wolves were an elemental abnormality much like the Tigers and Lions, to some extent, in that the shadow that seemed to surround them, but was also part of them, gave them some degree of supernatural resistance even to spells as powerful as Orion and Tobin could wield.
Both men wielded their blades, as a last line of defence while their wives would flee if necessary, though Orion and Tobin also released waves of Elemental Magic as walls of pure flame, stone and sulphur bursting beneath the feet of the increasing number of Nymloc and Boli-Kuldr. Jacoulra were fewer, though Orion had eliminated at least four hundred of these species of demon in a short span of time during the battle. He estimated Tobin and both of their wives were adding up similar scores.
Forsaken and Dark Elves danced around them like phantom sprites, the potion giving them speed and endurance to epic proportion. Orion, Elmira, and Tobin and Lydia were also appointed judges of this Asgardic tournament. Though it seemed they would be judging performance based on who was able to keep the four of them alive. Despite the chaos on the forest floor, Vypain were still hurling crimson flame from the treetops, and Shield-Spells were draining, on top of other spells being thrown in every direction.
They were attempting to rally to Jean and Janeanne, though this demonic breed of wolf kept closing in on them, while Tiger and Lion fought them off in apparent desperation. 

***

Jean summoned Anwen, as flocks of golden and silver falcons, hawks and eagles spearheaded through Boli-Kuldr breastplates, demons spluttering with holes burnt through their chests. Janeanne was wielding her Jade Samurai of burning emerald, hacking through demons on the forest floor with a vengeance, Nymloc and Jacoulra skulls flying in the wake of black splatter and blazing blades.
Tanriel and Anwen joined in a Link to increase the number of Spears and Spirit Wardens that flew from each Battle Angel, a flood of crimson shafts flying from Tanriel’s form as birds of many colours swooped and dived to blast demon flesh to burning ash.
Those wolves were still closing in on their ranks, and Tarz and his Forsaken seemed hard pressed to find a solution. There seemed to be no known spell to eliminate these foul beasts, and soon they were surrounded by dozens in howling packs.
It was then that a warp of Air-Magic revealed both Adem and Carl, but also Pendral, hovering in mid-air several feet above the forest floor. Adem wore a cloak of shining blue, so dark it appeared black, with a conical cap with a wide brim, a sorcerer’s garb, while Carl hovered in Alit’aren black, a cloak of shadows similar to that worn by Pendral, also in dark armour.
Jean sent out a plea for assistance to Wil and Hayley, via the kigare, and in moments Wil and Hayley were by her side via portals, a score of Forsaken and as many Dark Elves spilling out of the portal in front and behind them. Wil’s scowl was furious, as he wielded a torrent of teron to scour the forest with surges of blistering heat, waves of pure golden flame that swept towards the three opponents like a beacon of destruction.
Adem gestured and the wave was swept aside, then with a gesture he formed six mechanical beasts standing on two legs of gold, with heads formed simply of two cannons, that rotated as blasts of Elemental Magic flew from the guns with rapid speed.
Jean and Janeanne held up Shield-Spheres in the nick of time, as Janeanne’s Samurai charged for the robot formations to hack through metallic legs and shatter the cannons in swift motion. But Adem was too fast to form more of these threatening weapons, as Wil formed another Portal-Spell and shouted for all to exit the forest before the situation became dire. 
Spears of Flame and Falcons of Fire flew to blast the cannons to flames and destruction as Jean and Janeanne fled in terror of the onslaught. As she leapt through the Portal-Magic, Jean’s memory was tormented with the image of her husband glaring with glee as he unleashed hell upon her, and his daughter. 

***

Wil remained behind, to try to face off against Pendral, though Hayley would not leave his side, and so her vampire and werewolf followers also remained. Those Gatling-guns on legs were causing havoc to her ranks, werewolves whining as they were driven into the dirt by rapid-fire lasers, slicing through their thick hides as the beasts returned to human form, lying on the forest floor bleeding and ruined. Vampires were plucked out the sky by the spray of laser blasts, burning holes through armour and torsos as the cursed beings plummeted to their deaths.
Hayley was becoming frantic to protect her people, as she looked to Wil and they both shouted the name, ‘Enserah!’
A woman of emerald-white fire appeared, no taller than Hayley, and with her features, only her dark hair now glowed like starlight, black eyes luminescent. At this moment Wil felt his daughter form a link with the other Battle Angels nearby, as Dis Pater moved like a charging bull, his golden axe hacking the legs off those Gatling-guns, a flash of gold as the metal was torn apart, the guns collapsing to spray bullets before the axe swung again to cleave them in two.
At the same time, Druantia’s Green Men grew in number, with a dozen of the rounder, shorter breed growing from the forest soil, stomping on cursed wolves as Shadowhunter charged around the battlefield, snapping up wolves in his burning jaws.
Enserah launched her first attack at the same time, and Wil’s focus was mostly on Pendral, as Jinn-Shields surrounded the three floating men, at the same instant that bolts of snapping Fire Pythons burning blue launched for the men, chomping down on the spherical transparent wards that glowed like liquid flame.
Dark Elves still fought desperately against the surging numbers of Vypain, Nymloc and Boli-Kuldr, along with the Forsaken warriors in this part of the forest, hurling bolts of Lightning-Acid or firing Lightning-Arrows from their bows, tearing demon bodies to shreds in bursts of light and spurts of darkness.
A Green Man attempted to capture Pendral, by closing his wooden fists around the sphere of light, when flames leapt up the arms of the Spirit Warden, racing across its flesh of wood and vines as the Warden released Pendral with a hollow wail.
Wil thought he had one shot, so he summoned a spell he was only capable of now, with the potion working its magic, as well as being joined with Battle Angels in their Link. A blazing golden spear suddenly appeared beneath the floating shield, slicing upwards in a bright flash that cut through Pendral’s defences, the blade of energy passing right through his form to finish standing over thirty feet tall, Pendral spliced to its haft.
Suddenly Adem’s face was pure fury. His voice bellowed, enhanced by teron. ‘You will not hurt my son!’
‘He is a cursed madman!’ Wil shouted; his voice also echoed due to his use of Angel-Magic. ‘He killed my daughter! You are just as lost, Adem! I just watched you try to murder your own wife and daughter!’
A confused expression appeared on Adem’s shadowed visage. ‘They stand in the way of the High-Jinn’s designs,’ he spoke those words as if they were the only thing that mattered. Wil could not believe how far his friends had fallen, though neither had hurled any further attacks. Wil began to charge towards Pendral, now trapped and undefended, when Jinn-Magic began to form around the fists of Adem and Carl.
Suddenly Hayley was at his side, as Enserah also appeared beside them, wielding a Shield-Spell of light at the same moment that the forest around them became alight with Angel-Magic to extreme levels, scouring the forest clean of flora and fauna, as the untouched Dark Elves and Forsaken fled on all sides from the burning waves of magic. That was Carl and Adem, and Enserah had saved their lives once again, as Wil battered at the Shield-Spell with crimson-orange flames dancing in his vision.
He gave instruction to Dis Pater, as the Battle Angel soared towards Pendral on golden wings, the axe in his grasp as he swung, attempting to cleave Pendral’s head from his shoulders—
The blade struck a Shield-Sphere that must’ve been formed by Carl or Adem, as Hayley wove Portal-Magic and almost screamed at Wil, ‘Get out of here, now, husband!’


Chapter 9


Windows to the Soul

Joel watched Highlander soar through the cavern on those burning blue wings, blade of fire hacking through vampires in sprays of black blood. Joel had taken the high ground at this point, where he had a better vantage of the battle below, spreading his Sabre-Tooth’s fire across the open air to rip vampire bodies into burnt and bleeding carcasses. 
It was strange, but when Highlander took on this heroic personality, and he regained those miraculous wings, for which his name was already becoming a legend, it was as if the man was possessed by a completely different mind and soul. Seeing those blue eyes of Highlander, so large and black in the centres and that darkness filled with a crackling burning spell of madness, it was unnerving, but at times like these, that was the man Joel was counting on to have his back. They were the eyes of a hero’s soul.
Joel tore through three winged batlike creatures the size of a very tall man, their leathery grey wings catching to flame as they screamed and were blasted to bloody shreds. At the same time Highlander soared like an eagle through the air, his blue blade slicing through the middle of a vampire that must have stood seven feet tall. Some said those were of the immortal breed of their kind, as rumours said these vampires had crossed over from another world, where Men and Elves lived side by side, and that some of their kind had become infected with the vampire curse, before crossing over to this dimension.
Highlander often spoke of that world when he was taken over by the Blue Water Dragon. A lot of what the man told Joel made sense, given the rumours beforehand, after the appearance of the bloodsuckers, combined with the strange forms of magic that seemed to emanate from Highlander at times like these, when he was facing off against evil forces.
The more time Joel spent with Highlander, and witnessed these miraculous abilities, the more Joel started to believe in him—
He spun about with the trigger pulled back, the Sabre roared to blast a vampire’s fanged skull apart in a dark spray. Joel thought he’d had his back to a stone wall, but now he saw there was a tunnel behind where the creature had crept up on him. Some had the ability to read minds, and control thoughts, create visions, so that Joel had seen a cave wall where the tunnel had been.

*** 

Adem whipped the blade in an arc that sent a wave of blue flame flying, shredding through the necks of three vampires, severing skulls as bodies and wings burst to flame and ash. There must be hundreds of them down here, a large coven even for Kismerian standards.
The existence of their kind was still a mystery to Adem, though during this battle he’d seen a number of the taller breed of creatures before they grew wings and turned that leathery grey complexion. Though they were in the distance, Adem was almost certain he’d noticed the pointed ears of Elf-Kin, and the starlit eyes of their kind, that suggested these vampires had in fact crossed over to Earth, from Kismeria, somehow.
Angel-Magic raged in his soul, a blizzard freezing his bones to dust, flames and corruption erupting within that forest of ice like the Jinn-Lord’s wings, though his ability to wield was decreased dramatically from when he was in Kismeria. 
Perhaps the existence of cursed beings such as vampires on Earth was the paradox that caused his spirit to react with the sword of Angel-Magic. Perhaps this also explained how Adem was able to form those wings, though Joel had stated that he’d seen Adem fly many times with no enemies in sight.
A large dark eyed vampire launched for him; muscular arms flexed with dark claws reaching for his throat. Adem’s wings made it possible to move away from the assault in a flicker of motion, as the blade swung upwards to split the enemy’s torso through the middle in a dark liquid splatter.
Adem did not feel tired, exactly, but he still had enough sense to fear being forced to battle too long, with the Schism driving him madder than he had ever felt before. For a split second while that creature reached for his throat, he had envisioned it to be Jean returned from the dead, reaching out for him with open arms. The thought of her made him want to scream!
Visions were a sign that his illness was spreading through his mind, getting worse, and had always been a notable symptom. They had started occurring more frequently during this battle, and he began to worry that his own senses may not be enough to keep him alive.
He knew it might be some of the vampires creating the visions, though his mind was so fried, he was unsure if it was them, or his illness getting out of control.

***

Jarien Stone-Spear had watched that part of the forest light up with magic that left the aftermath of scorched earth and piles of sand turned to sheets of glass. Wil Martyr and his wife had been inside that position when the flames went up, and Jarien had watched frantically until the flames subsided, but there was no sign of either of them remaining.
He continued to harry Highlander, Wilder and Pendral Dragon-Sword, though the man’s name was Koriken now, and he was an enemy to all who served the All-Father. Calestori Red-Robin released rapid-fire bolts of white energy from her crossbow, striking a Jinn-Shield held up by Highlander to protect Pendral. The bolts resonated with a humming before vanishing on impact in a silver blast. Koriken was their main target, as Wil Martyr had placed his name as the highest on their list of enemies, and rightly so. It could even be said that a price was on his head, for the highest ranks of honour would be granted to the man or woman who took him down.
At the same time, other Heroes provided Calestori and Jarien cover by firing Lightning-Arrows at the scores of shadow-drenched wolves that patrolled the outer edges of their defence. The arrows of Heroes of Will had devastating effect upon the creatures, by some stroke of good luck, as arrowheads planted in skulls, ripped off limbs or plunged through chests and hides, causing the creatures to cower and bleed.
Highlander, in that strange wizard’s garb and floppy wide-brimmed hat, was now holding a staff that glowed like the sun. Jarien’s eyes detected the details of the staff, an emerald jewel the size of a fist clutched in pincers of solid steel at the tip, the twisted haft carved with runes glowing like gold. It was the Staff of Restoration and Ruination. A powerful relic not seen in this world since the Age of Heroes, and even then Jarien had only learnt about it in old books.
Highlander holding this staff gave Jarien a clue as to where Highlander had travelled during their time spent in the ancient past. Jarien knew where this relic had been safeguarded since the Age of Heroes, and that gave them a marker on the road map to the journeys of Highlander and Wilder before their descent into corruption. 
It was at this point that Jarien realised there was no point in standing to fight. That staff would put an end to even his kind in short order or leave them helpless to become victims of possession demons. He signalled the retreat, sending up flares of red flame that raced throughout the forest, warning others. They would meet with Jean Fairsythe—it now seemed bad luck to use her married name—at the designated rallying point. 

***
Adem kept his back to a solid stone wall within the cavern, and he caught his breath while watching Joel shred two more vampires apart with the Sabre. Flame spouting as bullets flew, some exploding on impact to blast flesh and bone to dust and smoke.
It was then that a new vision took over Adem’s mind, a flurry of images, three witches bathed in flames, changing to a pack of wolf-like men surrounding him making guttural chants, a creature larger than any Battle Angel held him in her fists, he knew she was female, and her appearance was earthy, as if she were an ancient member of Druantia’s line, other images flickered so fast he barely comprehended what he saw, but through those flashes he saw Carl Wilder leaning over him, his hands pressed around Adem’s temples, and for some reason, Adem knew at that point that he was dying. Not here and now, but in that future, as all of these images seemed to be flashes of a potential future, both on Earth and in Kismeria, though perhaps also the past for those from Kismeria.
For some reason, that gigantic female Great Angel triggered memories, as if he had seen this before, really been there, but did not remember any of it until now. Seeing Jean’s death at his own hands again almost confirmed that some of these were memories, from when the madness had him deep in its grip. It was then that he remembered something that made him want to vomit, he remembered clearly now, that for decades, towards the dawn of the Age of Ruin: he had willingly served Jinn-Fendinn. 
Or perhaps not willingly! He hoped and prayed that perhaps it only seemed that way now, but that he had in fact been a victim of a possession demon. He was desperate to believe that was his only excuse for being responsible for murdering Jean. One thing he knew for certain from those visions, Carl Wilder was also on Earth, at this time, in this dimension, and Adem’s survival depended on his returning to Bright.

***

Adem did not have the chance of a test run of the Gauntlet trial, jumping right in on the second morning of their arrival at the island of Giants. He pressed his right palm on the convex disc that glowed pearly-white, as a voice was heard in the air, or in his mind. Welcome, Adem Highlander, to the Arkendriel. Once you have commenced, you may turn back at any time, by reaching any cheat disc, or using your first stored spell, but your progress will not be saved. I wish you best of luck, Odin Son. The voice was female, musical, harmonic. He wondered if this device was inhabited by a female Great Angel.
What pushed them for speed was that their potion had nearly run dry, and Adem took a few sips of the remaining drops in his belt flask, before entering the Gauntlet. When his hand touched the disc, a light also surrounded him, blinding, everywhere, then when the light faded, he realised he was inside the first chamber, and therefore must be no taller than a thumb. He looked to the crystal casing of the chamber, to try to see if Carl and Pendral were looking down at him the size of Great Angels in the ancient days by comparison, but all he saw was a blue sky with white clouds overhead.
The voice chimed again, Welcome to the first level, Highlander. You must defeat the Guardian to progress. You currently have one stored spell at your disposal. The cheat disc will flash three times to alert you to its position, now.
Adem looked skyward to see a series of ropes dangling from a stretch of steel, and he noticed the cheat button flaring, facing downwards from the top of that metal rod, at the end of fourteen ropes, spaced so far apart he did not even consider trying. One slip and he would fall to his death, a pit of spikes beneath the ropes that hung from a great height above.
The first thing he learnt, much to his dismay, was that his matter manipulation ability did not work in here. He had brought his emerald sword, but he had needed to release Arawn from the blade before entering the trial, as Battle Angels could not survive in this machine.
Having Battle Angels to take on the Guardian Spirit would have made the trial a lot easier, but this test was not made to be easy. It was a test to trial the greatest of warriors, granting its boons only to those that could finish the tasks without extra supernatural aids. Despite the inclusion of up to two spells per level, it was mostly a test of muscle and steel.
The inclusion of the potion creating a surge in Adem’s ability to wield should boost his chances of defeating each Guardian with the first stored spell. 
The path before him was a series of stone stairways, moving off into every other direction, upwards, descending under bridges, it was a kind of multi-level maze formation, with no walls on either side of each path, and more fields of spikes below.
He had the chance to turn back now, and give the task to Pendral, but he had to try, this was something he needed to do on his own. He could not risk his son dying before he had achieved so many wondrous things in this world. With the blade hilt gripped, though still sheathed, he began to trot around the pathways, learning parts of the maze before the Guardian was released. He was pushed for speed, but he thought it couldn’t hurt to learn the terrain a little better before facing whatever beast this level had in store.
He’d spent some time wandering the maze when the female voice started again. Level One Guardian Spirit is loading now. At that point, Adem began preparing to form a spell, but found that Angel-Magic was there, but out of reach. ‘Arkendriel, how do I use my first spell?’ he asked.
You may call me Bringhingir, Adem Highlander. I will be your guide throughout the Arkendriel. Spells may be implemented from a multiple-choice menu. Say “show spells”, and the spell chart will become visible.
‘Bringhingir, show spells, please!’ Adem watched as dozens of golden scaled demons appeared in the sky, flying with ribbed yellow batwings, they appeared to be Grenloc, though combined with a lizard’s hide and tail. Their skulls were squarish bronzed formations with large golden cat’s eyes that glowed like lanterns.
At his request, a transparent panel of a circular disc appeared before him, as Bringhingir began to name each spell on the list, such as, Pixie Warden Spell One, produces a vast swarm of Fire Sprites to take down multiple enemies at once. Adem didn’t waste time hearing others, as this one seemed most suitable. He dodged a blast of flame hurled by one of the Lizard Grenloc as he shouted, ‘Bringhingir, release Pixie Warden Spell One! Please!’


*** 

Carl watched as Adem’s first spell was released, a swarm of tiny blue glowing spheres that charged through the air to blast the small golden creatures out of the sky. With Pendral at his side, the half-blood gazed with wonder at the Arkendriel, occasionally stating that it would be a remarkable invention to study further, with the hope of creating other machines just like it.
It was then that Carl realised how similar the Gauntlet was to Pendral’s Komputah, and at this point Carl began to wonder whether bringing the man here had begun the path to Pendral’s invention of the global computing machine. The machine had been wonderful in many ways, though the Sons and Daughter had soon learnt of the dangers it posed, and were forced to destroy Komputah, to allow Angel-Magic to be wielded by all common Alit’aren and Ael Tarael once more. Children of Odin were among the few wielders still able to harness the true forms of Angel-Magic during that time, and most of those were able to wield teron or terael in its purest forms, untouched by the Schism or the curse.
This seemed to be an example of a causal loop, a moment in time that brought about the invention of Komputah: that existed in the distant future where Carl and Adem first arrived.  Though this moment suggested that in effect, Adem and Carl must’ve already visited the past, here and now, to introduce Pendral to this machine that would inspire the invention of Komputah. It was the chicken or the egg conundrum, the question of “how could one exist without the other?” It was part of Carl’s studies on Earth in philosophy that suggested such causal loops were the reason travelling in time to the past was most likely impossible. Elarja had certainly kicked that theory in the head, but that didn’t make the mind-twisting sequence of events any easier to understand!
With the flying creatures defeated, Adem swiftly made his approach to a stone ladder against a pillar of rock, with the disc to enter the second level now glowing transparent pearl. Pendral touched a finger to his hooked beak of a nose, thick dark brows drooping down in a peaceful expression as he regarded Carl to remark, ‘So far, so good.’

***
Adem pressed his palm against the end of level disc, as the same bright light surrounded his vision, then when it faded, he was definitely standing in the next chamber, as Bringhingir spoke the words, Welcome to Level Two, Highlander, stay on your guard. 
Adem gazed across the new playing field and looked higher to locate the end of level disc, after Bringhingir announced that the cheat disc would flash three times. He didn’t even bother looking for the cheat disc, as he knew it would be beyond his abilities. But his gaze was distracted by another man climbing the laddered tower to the end of level disc.
The man was swift, suggesting Elf-Kin, yet even at this distance he could see it was no Elf, and he was almost certain he knew who it was. But that was impossible. ‘Bringhingir, who else is in the maze with me?’ 
I cannot divulge that information, forgive me, Adem Highlander. It is top secret information.
‘Declassify immediately,’ Adem insisted, ‘under order of the Blue Water Dragon.’
I’m afraid the other contestant specified that his identity remain unknown. My apologies, I’m trying to be a good guide, and host, Adem Highlander.
‘Bringhingir, is it Wil Martyr in the maze with me? I demand that you tell me.’
I am unable to confirm or deny. 
Well that was good enough, fortunately for Adem, Bringhingir was not a very good liar. But what the hell was Wil doing here, in the past, and in the maze? He was certain now that it had been him, though the man had not turned before pressing the end of level disc to progress to the next chamber. Adem wished to catch up with him to learn what he could, but before he took another step Bringhingir spoke the words, Level Two Guardian Spirit loading now. Things will get more difficult as we progress, Highlander. Be wary. 
A portcullis was raised on one side of the arena style area where Adem stood, and from the doorway a dark beast that looked slick and oily emerged, its bulk the size of four elephants standing on six insect-type legs, with seven long necks of giant black serpents, their eyes burned with red heat, and one coughed up a spurt of yellow flame.
While searching through the spell menu, Adem gestured towards the next chamber with his sword, gazing up at the grey clouded skies where he hoped Carl and Pendral were watching, and would hopefully see him. He hoped this would lead them to then check the next chamber and discover if it truly were Wil Martyr progressing through the maze ahead of them.
Why would Wil come here and not tell them? Why would he try to finish the maze before Adem? Did he intend to steal the Fists of Odin for himself? 
Has he betrayed us? Why else would he not tell us he is here? 
The logic of those last questions filled him with a deep sense of dread. Too many questions needed answering, and fast!

***

It took Carl some time to realise that Adem must have been signalling to him, gesturing with that emerald blade while he dodged the flames of those many headed serpents. Adem still had not used his first stored spell against the creature, which is what made Carl curious enough to look towards the direction Adem was pointing.
The arena and surrounding maze were empty except for Adem and the monster he was fighting, though Carl looked and looked, until Pendral moved to the next chamber and gasped before pointing and shouting, ‘There is another man in the maze! That must be why Father was pointing this way!’ Pendral gave the Giant Wizard a scandalized expression as he asked, ‘Why were we not told of this other contestant? Who is this man? Why did he go in ahead of us?’
‘That is something I was expressly ordered not to disclose,’ the Giant replied in his rumbling tone. ‘My sincere apologies, but the man was also of great importance in this world, perhaps an equal. Would that explain things better?’
‘That’s not possible!’ Carl shouted. Then he scrambled towards the next chamber, to gaze at the thumb sized man making his way about the labyrinthine terrain. It was Wil! He couldn’t believe his eyes, but even at that size there was no mistaking the man. The fact that he did not cover his face with his hood suggested he wished to be identified, but why didn’t he come to them and explain why he was here? He shouted to Wil, waving, and calling his name, until the old Giant explained, ‘He can neither see you, nor hear a word you are saying in there. We were told not to let you know that this man had arrived until you discovered it for yourselves. The man, that is, Wil Martyr, said this mission of his was not something he could easily explain, and that his visit to this time only allowed one traveller, to visit here and return to his original destination. I hope this gets me off the hook?’ 
‘If Wil is here,’ Carl demanded, ‘where is Elarja RinHannen?’
‘The Time Strider was here earlier, but he has left, for now, and does not wish to speak with either you or Adem Highlander.’ The Giant dry washed his hands with a pleading expression.
‘What about me?’ Pendral asked. ‘Surely Old Elarja wishes to converse with me, and he can explain what this is all about.’
‘Lord RinHannen expressly stated that he most certainly does not wish to speak with you, Lord Dragon-Sword,’ the Giant replied with a sniff. ‘Again, these are matters of which I know only that which I was told. I beg your forgiveness for this inconvenience.’
‘Incon-bloody-venience?’ Carl spluttered, while Pendral appeared flabbergasted that Elarja did not wish to see or speak with him. Apparently those two had already been on quite a few adventures during Pendral’s earlier lifetime. This was all very odd, and Carl needed answers quickly.
‘I will enter the maze to waylay Wil Martyr and inquire of his business,’ Pendral suggested, which seemed a good idea, until Carl thought of Wil’s feelings towards Pendral— murderous feelings!—and he slowly replied, ‘No, that would not be very good.’
‘Does the third Odin Son hold ill feelings towards me?’ Pendral asked aghast.
Carl had to think quickly: too much information could be fatal to the timelines. ‘I think it would be better if I go first,’ he said finally. ‘Wil will be much more accommodating with me, I believe, and so, if I must, I must.’
He made his way to the large convex disc—after releasing Math Mathonwy into the atmosphere—to enter the Arkendriel, but before pressing his hand to the disc he looked to Pendral to say, ‘Do not attempt to follow us, unless I give this signal.’ He then spun the black glass spear in front of his face and body, twice right, once left, then once right, twice left. ‘If we get stuck, I will give this signal until I know you are on your way.’
‘My father always said you were a man with a great mind, Carl Wilder,’ Pendral replied, ‘I shall stay put and await your signal.’


Chapter 10


A Strange Companion

Wil and Hayley met at the rallying point with Jean and Janeanne, and soon the other main leaders such as Rayne and Rievenna, Tarz and his most trusted Forsaken, were leaping out of holes in the air, spreading their ranks upon the grasslands overlooking the forest from a high plateau. The Asgardics were a failure to some extent, as the forces thrown against them were too much for even the last Son of Odin and the Daughter of Thor to contend with.
More Portal-Spells opened further back, as thousands of Forsaken men and women in black coats and armour, and many more Dark Elves in their native warrior garb began spilling out to spread across the landscape, each face wary for the next attack, their bodies poised like cautious felines ready to strike back.
Elarja was there also, and while the generals and captains discussed their next battle plans, Wil was soon in a huddled meeting with the Time Strider and a small number of Heroes of Will. It was Jarien Stone-Spear that had made the discovery, identifying the staff Adem had wielded in the last battle, as a relic once stored in a device called the Arkendriel. It was on an island somewhere northeast, amidst the North Seas, though Elarja assured Wil he knew the location.
This discovery told them where the staff was most likely recovered from, and Elarja’s leaping through Portal-Spells a number of times in the last hour or more, had indicated the exact date that Adem and Carl had entered the Arkendriel, that Elarja learnt from studying secret texts about the adventures of Adem and Carl during their time spent in the Age of Chaos. 
Where these texts were found; and how long Elarja had known about them, the man would not say, but Wil could not argue with the man’s logic, he was extremely resourceful in such times of great need.
‘The stones are still malfunctioning,’ Elarja explained. ‘I can only take one person with me, so it had better be you, Wil. I suggest we do not engage with Highlander or Wilder during this mission, as the stones are not yet strong enough to bring them back with us. We’ll simply get there ahead of them, insist on secrecy, and recover the Fists of Odin before they get the chance.’
‘If you think it will work,’ Wil agreed.
‘That’s the strange thing about time travel,’ Elarja replied with a fierce grin, ‘in a way, it possibly already has worked. But one other thing, you must not attempt to harm Pendral as his younger self. Bringing about his death so long before he fought countless battles to serve the Armies of the All-Father, could tip the balance directly in the Jinn-Lord’s favour. Do you give me your word?’
‘I cannot make such promises!’
‘You must, or I will take another. But I fear it must be you, for us to succeed. Have your battles with Pendral when you return to this timeline, where he is mad and corrupted. But do not murder an innocent man who is still filled with honour and virtue.’


***

Carl was disappointed almost as soon as he entered the Arkendriel. He soon learnt that magic was not available to him in its usual form, and that a limited number of spells were all that could be chosen from a multiple-choice menu. This was disturbing, as Carl had hoped his knowledge of magic would give him an edge that Adem was lacking, though Carl should have considered the question of why Adem also could not wield his matter manipulation powers in this gauntlet trial. That should have indicated the types of restrictions placed on contestants, though Carl had still been hopeful that he could cheat to some degree.
That did not seem possible now however, although he passed through the first level quite easily, and before long he was joining Adem in a contest against the giant serpent headed creature. They shook hands and retreated to one of the higher levels of the maze, to consider their tactics. One advantage of two combatants: was that each could use their single stored spells against the same Guardian Spirit.
The option to use one spell to reach the cheat button was not available however, as it was not a choice on the spell menu, so that ruined the chance of another obvious cheat tactic. If it were possible, one spell could be used to reach the cheat disc, which always contained a spell strong enough to do more serious damage to the Guardians. The theory was that if the monster could not be defeated with the cheat spell: that would still leave a spare spell with the other contestant to try to finish off the monster. Adem and Carl discussed these possibilities with some degree of frustration as they tried to work out how to beat the machine. 
Again, Carl was in no condition to attempt to reach the cheat discs by means of physical endurance. Adem still had his giant leaping technique available, but it did not include the ability to throw himself great distances from hanging ropes for example. After both had used their stored spell against the Hydra type Guardian, to no avail, they realised their only hope of passing through before sunset—which would result in their deaths—was if they insisted on Pendral joining the contest.
Carl stood waving his staff in the pattern he had shown Pendral and continued to do this until Bringhingir informed them that Pendral had entered the Arkendriel. Their other reason for seeking his help, was that both Adem and Carl had taken a small dose of the potion, and without the ability to wield teron at will, they were both becoming quite dizzy and a little drowsy. Fortunately, Pendral was soon by their side, and had already collected the first cheat disc. They both watched as the man scaled heights and swung from ropes and poles to reach the second cheat disc. That gave him two very powerful stored spells—that could be saved through each level progression—as well as another normal stored spell that he used to destroy the Hydra.
Another great surprise of the cheat spells was that they included the option to leap through a level without fighting a Guardian Spirit. Though, this came at the cost of spending that first cheat spell.

*** 

‘I give my word, Elarja,’ Wil admitted, ‘I will not harm Pendral except in self-defence.’
‘Good, then shall we begin?’
‘What about helping Adem and Carl with their illness. We can’t take enough medicine back to last them the next lifetime, but we could take them the recipe.’
Elarja shook his head with some degree of urgency. The sounds of demons scaling the mountainside warned of their imminent approach, along with the eerie cry of those cursed wolves. The wolves had their scent, and they were leading the Boli-Kuldr, Nymloc and Jacoulra up the slopes. ‘The recipe would simply alert the Jinn-Lord much earlier to plants and herbs, and other ingredients that he would try to wipe off the face of Kismeria. You also know I can’t bring the Druid back with us, so what else do you suggest?’
‘Could you create a kind of talisman, something like the Time Stones,’ Jean asked, ‘to help them leap forward in time, even a short jump? It could help with the amount of time they endure the corruption of teron.’
Wil watched Elarja’s eyebrows rise at that question, his eyes going wide, then lidded in deep thought. ‘It’s possible,’ Elarja admitted. ‘It will drain more of the Time Stones’ energy, but I might be able to provide them a short jump. It will take me some time to create it though. You’ll need to hold them off while I craft the device. I require something to enchant, an earring, a necklace ... any piece of jewellery will suffice.’
‘Use this!’ Jean said, handing over her wedding ring.
‘This is a precious gift to risk,’ Elarja mused. ‘Are you certain you wish to part with this?’
‘Unless Adem is restored to me,’ Jean said, ‘it’s worthless. Use it. Tell him I was desperate to save him. He’ll understand ... I hope.’

***

Wil saw Pendral reappear the moment Elarja sat and began to enchant Jean’s wedding ring. Adem and Carl appeared moments later, along with Ellagon Elfin-Blood, and Shaye Eagle-Soul. All five men were still gripped by the mad rage of possession demons, though Wil was never certain whether Pendral, or Koriken, was also possessed. Perhaps he was just raving mad.
By instinct Wil and Hayley mouthed the name of their daughter, and as the Battle Angel Enserah appeared in gleaming emerald-pearl, Wil spoke to her with his mind, urging her to focus her Shield-Spheres on Hayley and Elarja. Hayley turned to glare at him with fear and anger, as Wil launched towards Pendral while summoning Dis Pater. The massive male figure appeared behind Pendral to hack at the man with his great golden axe. Sparks flew off Pendral’s Jinn-Shield, though the man gave a backhanded fist towards Dis Pater, sending the Battle Angel flying to land with a heavy thud. Pendral was getting much stronger, somehow.
Wil roared with bloodlust, ‘Murderer!’
Pendral sneered, as the battlefield lit up around him. Fire Pythons launched from a grey clouded sky amidst snowfall, the moonlight still penetrating through the gloom. Neon blue lightning bolts tore across the earth on all sides, as Adem, Carl, Ellagon and Shaye fought against hundreds of wielders, while Wil charged with the speed of immortal blood, hurling a bolt of golden fire at Pendral’s Shield-Sphere before leaping, as his axe struck downwards, blocked by Pendral’s blade burning bright crimson and black.
‘You wounded me quite severely, Odin Son,’ Pendral replied, sending Wil flying backwards with a simple pushing motion. ‘I returned to claim my revenge.’
Wil landed on his feet, as Pendral flew towards him on wings of red flame, striking down at Wil’s skull, barely deflected in time with the obsidian axe. They fought with the speed of immortal kind, and it took only moments for Wil to know he was outmatched, which surely meant Pendral had never intended to kill his father. Adem was a tortoise compared to the speed with which Wil could move a blade, or run, dodge, parry, and block. He had surely been playing games with Adem from the beginning, hoping that the Dark Prophecies would be fulfilled. And they surely had been now.
Pendral was soon pushing Wil towards the edge of the plateau, and no matter how fast Wil stepped, dodged, or swung his axe blade, Pendral always outmanoeuvred him, pushing closer to the cliff face. Pendral gestured again, and Wil was sent flying backwards, scrambling at the cliff to gain a grip, as lightning bolts surged around Pendral. Attacks from those trying to distract him that barely disturbed his Jinn-Shield.  
A great crash of thunder filled the air, as Pendral stared down at Wil with dark eyes burning with madness and contempt. When the man looked down at him with those eyes, he was surely no longer Pendral in heart or soul. He was Koriken, High-Seat of the Jinn-Lord.
 Wil was hanging on with one hand, his other still gripping the axe, though he had gained a broken bone when trying to grasp with the edge of the axe blade. His feet were dangling over a drop of three hundred feet. He dared not look down. Pendral raised that tainted blade for the final strike.

***

Pendral had reached the same level as Wil Martyr, using the cheat discs to travel through a number of levels without the need to battle any Spirit Guardians. It seemed the Elfish man had also managed to reach a number of cheat discs, as Pendral spotted Wil Martyr launching through the air from swinging ropes at the top of Level Seven. Pendral was soon pursuing the same cheat disc, which was located at the top of a number of high towers, reached by the swinging ropes then scaled with precarious footholds, a feat only Elf blood could achieve. Though Wil Martyr seemed to have Elf Blood flowing in his veins the way he easily manoeuvred the course ahead of him.
Before long both men were scaling the towers, and at a certain point Wil looked down to spot Pendral, at which point the man’s eyes became enraged, and he screamed the words, ‘Murderer!’ He seemed compelled to hurl a bolt of lightning or anything he could obtain to knock Pendral from his position. At this point Pendral called out to him, ‘Wil Martyr, I mean you no harm. Tell me of this wrong I have done to you, or your kin. And I will gladly pay the debt in whatever way I am able.’
‘Liar!’ Wil Martyr roared, dropping several feet to cling to the tower face from new footholds, at which point, he tried to step on Pendral’s fingers to make him fall to his death. Pendral was too swift however, and he leapt to one side, clinging to a new support, then scrambled up beside Wil Martyr to clutch him by the shoulder, locking his right arm in place, to prevent him from drawing his axe. ‘I do not lie, Wil Martyr. I know nothing of this wrong I have done to make you hate me so. Please, I beg your forgiveness ...’ As the words left his mouth, he lost his footing and his right-hand grip slipped free. 
He hung in the air, still gripping Wil Martyr’s arm, though his grip had slipped till the two men held each other only by the fingers. For the first time he could recall, Pendral feared for his life. The fall was far and deadly, with a pit of spikes below. He looked up at Wil Martyr’s face to see open rage and hatred directed towards him. If Pendral had truly murdered someone close to this man, the victim must have been very dear to him indeed. ‘Please, Wil Martyr! I beg your forgiveness. I mean you no harm. Please allow me to redeem myself.’

***

Wil was ready to do the deed. He wanted to avenge his daughter, and his blood was hot for doing murder. He need only let his grip fail, and Pendral would surely die from the fall. He could lie his way out of it. He could insist he had tried to save him, but that his strength was not in it. But Adem was technical about truth and lies. He would find a way to seek the truth.
As he listened to the man’s pleas, he looked into those eyes, and saw a man that was open, kind-hearted, and decent, an honourable hero. ‘Please, Wil Martyr, I cannot hold on much longer.’
Wil bit down on his hatred with a heavy sigh. ‘Neither can I,’ he replied, before heaving with all his strength to lift Pendral back to a perch of safety, supporting the man until he had a steady grip on the wall.
‘One thing you can do for me,’ Wil told him before they began to climb. ‘Allow me to finish the Arkendriel first. It is very important. I have not betrayed Carl and Adem. I am trying to save them. I can’t tell you more than this, but please let me go on ahead. Count to five hundred before you proceed to the next level. That should be enough time.’
‘I owe you my life, Wil Martyr. What you ask is a small favour as repayment.’
Without giving it much thought, Wil opened the stopper on the gourd of potion. ‘A drink to our friendship?’ Wil took a sip to show it was not poison, and after a moment’s hesitation, Pendral took a small sip also, after Wil warned him it was very potent stuff. The man’s dark eyes seemed to be lifted from a cloud of menace and ill will, that had been brooding there, beneath the surface. ‘A miracle,’ he breathed. ‘A toast to your good health, Wil Martyr!’
‘And to you, Pendral Dragon-Sword.’

***

Koriken was ready to do murder, then and there. Even a Son of Odin was still of great worth to the High-Jinn, even in death Wil Martyr would still serve him. With his blade raised high and ready to strike, a great crash of thunder roared, as dozens of bolts fried the air around his Jinn-Shield. Pendral was untouched by the onslaught, though as those fires crackled around his Shield-Magic, he felt a few small pinpricks touching his back, and in moments his demented mind was suddenly healed by some miraculous source. Pendral was reminded of a moment in time, long ago, when he faced death at the hands of this man, Wil Martyr, during a trial within the Arkendriel. The feeling he had now was the same as when they had drunk a toast to their friendship and good health.
Perhaps the memory had been brought to the surface by the conflicting magic frying around his protective sphere, perhaps, but whatever reason for the recall, this memory like so many others were hidden in depths controlled by the Magic of the Jinn-Lord. 
In that moment, he was no longer Koriken. He was Pendral Dragon-Sword, a hero of honour and virtue. He lowered the sword at the same moment he leant over to clutch the man by his slipping grip, their hands locked around each other’s forearms a moment before Wil Martyr was hauled to safety.
‘I hope my debt to you is now paid in full, Wil Martyr. But let me see if I can help you win this battle also.’
The man stood glaring back at Pendral with open disbelief. ‘Is it truly you, Pendral? Are you good again?’
‘Indeed,’ Pendral replied with a smile, ‘it appears that I am.’ Thunder roared enough to wake the dead.

***

Adem, Carl and Pendral reached the end of the Arkendriel well before sunset, though Pendral had delayed catching up with Wil Martyr after their first encounter and would not explain further other than that the two of them had made a deal. When they reached the end of the final level, Bringhingir spoke to Adem’s mind to offer him a choice of rewards.
‘Bringhingir, show me the Fists of Odin,’ Adem said urgently, the three of them now returned to full size outside the Arkendriel, where a similar menu on a metallic golden sphere shone transparent in front of their eyes.
I’m sorry to tell you, Highlander, but Wil Martyr has already taken the Fists of Odin with him.
Adem heard himself growling in his throat, though in his mind he was howling. ‘Did he tell you why he did this?’ he asked with a high degree of scorn. 
Wil Martyr did not explain his reasons, though he did tell me to let you know that he left you a gift.
‘What gift?’ Adem asked.
It is a new addition to the menu, a golden band with a diamond, called the Ring of Travelling. I believe it was crafted by the famed Elarja RinHannen. This ring will allow you to travel between three to four hundred years into the future. I will activate the device when you choose to wield it and pick a date in the future. Do you wish to accept this gift?
‘Yes, I accept, Bringhingir!’ Adem nearly choked before the surge of relief that swept over his rage towards Wil. 
Adem was stunned to realize it was Jean’s wedding ring, and the reasons given by Bringhingir filled him with dread over the possible future he would live. The three of them were allowed three relics each, and after all had chosen what they required, Adem being allowed two more as well as the Ring, Adem asked Bringhingir to activate the Ring of Travelling.
How many of you are going? Bringhingir asked. 
‘Only Carl Wilder and me,’ Adem replied, at which point Pendral began to plead and protest. ‘I know you want to come with me, my son, but your place is here, to guard the people of Kismeria, until we can be reunited.’ Adem doubted he hid his pain at thinking of his future son. ‘Until we meet again, Pendral, always be good. Always trust your own heart. And be good to your Mother.’
After a long embrace, Pendral stepped aside as Carl and Adem prepared for the journey, their Battle Angels returning to them in a flare of colour.
If you are ready, Adem Highlander, I will activate the Ring.
‘Ready, Bringhingir.’
How far into the future do you wish to travel?
‘As far as it will take us would be best, thank you.’
I am activating now. Do you wish to bring your Battle Angels and other reward items with you?
‘YES, I DO!’
Just kidding, have a safe journey!
As a colourful sphere of light encased both Adem and Carl, Adem considered that if Bringhingir really was a Battle Angel, she must be the first he’d ever encountered with a sense of humour. And not a very good one!

Chapter 11


Winter Storm

Hayley stared in wonder when she saw her husband rescued by Koriken, or perhaps he was again Pendral Dragon-Sword. The two stood in conversation as the battle raged around them, a hundred blue bolts piercing the sky with every breath. Hayley had been frozen to the spot by her daughter, Enserah’s Battle Angel Magic shielding Hayley but also keeping her from running to her husband’s aid.
That may have cost Wil his life, if Pendral had not apparently turned back to the side of the All-Father. She suspected Wil had managed to touch Pendral with one of those Shadow Crows, carrying a drop of the potion within its beak. Two or three of those entering the bloodstream would be the most likely reason for such a dramatic result. 
Her hopes were assured by the rush of elation she sensed in Wil’s psyche as Enserah relayed the fact to Hayley’s mind via Wil’s thoughts. A moment later, Pendral touched Wil’s broken arm to wield Healing-Magic, the break had caused Wil considerable pain up till now, from what Hayley could sense of him via the kigare. Then the two men turned to face Adem and Carl, Shaye and Ellagon, as well as a number of Heroes of Will still under control of possession demons. No other Hex-Warlords had shown themselves, yet, which perhaps suggested their aims were not aligned with those of the cursed Sons of Odin.
Pendral whipped his crimson blade in an arc towards Adem Highlander, as a wave of red flame swept across the earth like a raging dragon. Fire and stone launched into the air, flowing towards Highlander, who held up that golden staff and the attack split in two, sheets of lava spreading away from him and the others who fought for him. Hayley looked to Pendral again, who spoke a moment to Wil, and then Dis Pater returned, and grasped her husband under the shoulders to lift him through the air, dropping him safely by Hayley’s side. Elarja still sat, protected by a Shield-Sphere, attempting to enchant Jean’s wedding ring. Pendral flew beside them, landing a moment to regard Hayley and her husband.
‘Keep an eye on your wife, Wil Martyr,’ the man said with dark eyes of mirth, ‘while I try to make my father back down. I fear we will not reach him this day. Though, we must trust to hope.’
‘Wait!’ Wil shouted. ‘First, take a small sip of this potion. It will protect you from the Schism!’ Wil took a sip to show it was not poison.
Pendral took a small sip, then his eyes widened as he exhaled. ‘A miracle,’ he said, ‘A toast to our friendship, Wil Martyr.’
‘And to your good health,’ Wil replied with an earnest grin. Pendral then turned and flew through the air towards his father, red blade and golden staff clashing with a blast of lightning and crash of thunder that shook the heavens.
Isabelle stepped out from behind Hayley’s Shield-Sphere, dark braid swinging behind her slender frame armoured in metallic green light. Her Hero’s spirit-flesh keeping her preserved with the Shield-Spell to act as a wall, hidden behind the blast of Adem’s murderous rage. She fired a dozen Lightning-Arrows directly at Adem’s heart, though to no effect. Terese’s eyes now burned with a mad rage of their own, dark eyes that would tear strips off Adem’s skin if he ever returned to his senses. Her silver-blue blade shone like a small star as the Heroes of Will appeared to be in a state of Elemental Fortification.

***

Wil watched as Adem and Carl summoned their Battle Angels, Arawn and Math Mathonwy still loyal to the Sons of Odin, despite their being controlled by possession demons. Perhaps this is why even Battle Angels had never known for certain whether these possession spirits existed throughout history, as evidently, they did not even realise that Adem and Carl were helpless victims of the Jinn-Lord’s minions.
Dis Pater and Enserah stood guard around Hayley and Wil, as Pendral hovered in the air with Arawn and Math Mathonwy attacking with crimson blade and garnet spear. But Pendral fought back with ease, landing blows with his fists that knocked the two much larger opponents backwards, falling several paces in the air before soaring higher on wings of fire. 
Pendral continued to defend himself with Shield-Magic, that the two Angels could not break, while his fists flew in blasts of red flame, each time sending his victims flying further into the distance, and each time Arawn and Math were slower to recover. Wil prayed this strange new companion remained on their side long enough to restore Adem and Carl to their senses.
Moments later a warp of Air-and-Fire-Magic revealed six Hex-Warlords, dark cloaked and hovering in mid-air around Adem and Carl. So, his hopes that these enemies would not stand together had been dashed. 
In another warp of crimson, Serock also appeared, and the former Vampireking appeared to still be loyal to the All-Father, as he lashed out with waves of Hellfire, raising a fist that released webs of garnet flame that struck Jinn-Shields of the Hex-Warlords, the cloaked enemies wailing in pain before four of the six vanished in a warp.
Garbed in Alit’aren black coat and trousers, with an Aldebrand cloak spilling down his back, Serock danced through the lightning and struck again with bolts of pure crimson, two bolts aimed for the hearts of the remaining Hex-Warlords, who fell in balls of flame. Though, both vanished before touching the snow-covered grasses.
Pendral swung his fists to punch first Arawn then Math as balls of orange flame leapt from his knuckles, bathing the Battle Angels in waves of Fire-Magic, before both Angels collapsed and did not stir again. They could not be killed, but Pendral seemed able to seriously wound them, enough to take them out of action for the time being.
Adem lifted that glowing golden staff: burning now like the flames of the sun, almost blinding to behold. Still protected by Enserah’s Shield-Magic, Wil watched as Adem unleashed waves of that golden light, and all around them, hundreds of Forsaken and Dark Elves, as well as Hayley’s loyal vampires and werewolves, were suddenly no longer there. The staff seemed to have vaporized them into nothing more than floating dust!
Wil roared with panic, as his eyes fell upon Jean and Janeanne. Jean must have ordered Tanriel and Anwen to also protect Janeanne first and foremost, as the Shield-Spells around Highlander’s daughter were maintained. Wil stared in horror, to see that in a matter of seconds, Jean’s body ceased to exist! One moment she stood beside her daughter, then a wave of that golden light enveloped her weaker Shield-Sphere, and the next moment, she was gone.
Joined in the kigare to Jean by their Battle Angel Links in days past, even Wil and Hayley felt as if a precious part of their very core had just been ripped out of them! Her death was a suffering perhaps more acute than when they lost Enserah, for Wil at least had not been joined to his daughter’s soul before her demise. The pain that opened up inside his chest was hot corrosive venom, scarring vile loathsome heartache so incredible he wondered how he could still be standing. For Hayley it was just as terrible, though Wil wondered how Adem and Carl could avoid the pain they were both experiencing.
Adem had murdered his own wife! Yet the look on the man’s rabid visage was the scowl of a madman who barely even knew he was breathing, despite being hellbent on the destruction of all those who served the All-Father!

***

Adem crept further through the cave tunnel, towards the smaller chamber where he could see the sludge webbing holding Alex to the wall. This was the reason for the mission, to save the son of the man that had gifted Adem the Samurai blade, and Joel the Sabre-Tooth machine gun.
As he approached the doorway between tunnel and chamber, a tall man who was unmistakably Elfish, walked to stand before the doorway, jet black eyes like menacing dark seeds of malevolence regarded Adem, the man was tan skinned, with the signature pointed ears and a foot more height than Adem on a muscular but thin physique.
‘Highlander; is it really you?’ asked the immortal in a strong deep voice.
‘You know me?’ Adem asked.
‘I know of you. But you don’t remember, do you? The day we crossed over.’
‘Crossed over from where?’
‘You already know the answer to that one,’ the man replied after a booming chuckle. ‘You would know from one look at me, my height, my eyes, and my ears. You would know one of us at first sight. Not just immortal, but of Nightwalker blood. Surely you remember the day?’
‘Remind me of what I need to know,’ Adem said. ‘And I will let you live, if you let me take the boy back to his father.’
‘What does this human matter to you?’ the vampire asked in anger.
‘He belongs to someone we owe a favour or two. And he’s innocent. He should be saved if there is any chance of being rescued. That’s all.’
‘So be it!’ the immortal hissed with white fangs jutting below his upper lips. ‘You remember at least that you had turned to the Shadow?’
‘I might recall something,’ Adem remarked.
‘Yes, yes you remember that I’m sure. And the death of your wife, do you recall who murdered her?’
A shocking lance of pain burst through Adem’s chest, but it was just the agony of recalling that fateful day when he had wielded the Staff to destroy his darling wife. He clutched his chest by instinct, and the vampire chuckled again.
‘Yes, you remember.’ He seemed to delight in causing Adem such torture. ‘It was shortly after, when the mad rage took you, that Carl Wilder opened the Portal.’
‘What Portal?’ Adem asked aghast.
‘I speak of the doorway, between our world, and this one. Wilder opened the door, and though we were but few—sent by Koncha to hunt down and capture Hayley Martyr, we were flying over the battle, where you held enough Angel-Magic to crack the planet like an eggshell, or so we believed when Wilder’s Portal appeared above us in the sky—we fled through it, fearing your wrath while holding so much of teron.’
‘So, you’re saying, the Sons of Odin brought the vampires to Earth?’
‘Now you truly see,’ the man’s laughter echoed through the chamber. ‘But whoever, the Jinn-Lord, the Sons of Odin, we are all fighting the same battle here. As your Earthlings say, it’s all about “survival of the fittest”, and these wretched mortals will be farmed like cattle under our superior ruling. They will not hold out for much longer. Surely you know that already.’ Alex was wakened and began to stir, still confined by the gelatinous goo. ‘I can tell you no more than this, as we passed through the Portal and made this our new home. But that was many years ago. Different worlds, different dimensions and varying timelines, even RinHannen must have trouble understanding it all.’
‘I remember!’ Adem admitted. ‘Flee from here now, back the way you came. If my friend finds you here, you will not live long.’ Those black eyes peered over Adem’s shoulder, looking concerned as the roar of Sabre-Tooth filled the air from a distance.
‘They say an honourable man is one who keeps his bargains, Adem Highlander. I hope we never meet again.’
‘If I can do anything about that,’ Adem replied, ‘we never will!’
The vampire turned, as if about to flee, before he looked back and said, ‘The madness still has you. I see it now, in your eyes, and hear it in your voice. It makes you strong, yes? The Great Hero arisen!’ His tones were mocking with a hint of fear. ‘But you are madder than a cut snake, madder than a cat in custard. A pity, if there were still a way to reverse the effects, perhaps there would still be hope for all of us. Perhaps it would mean our chance at salvation.’ He seemed to consider that last word perhaps quite precious. He turned to leave, when Adem called out, ‘Wait! Those visions, not the ones of Jean, I know they were to distract me, or perhaps my illness creeping over. But the others, that giant Earth Spirit, the Witches, Carl Wilder at Bright, did you make those to trick me?’
‘That was me,’ the vampire confessed. ‘Perhaps some part of the Jinn-Lord that still works within my soul. No, they were not false images. You knew some of them to be true of your past, such as Gaia, the Great Angel of the Ancient Ones, before even Odin. That was of your past, others will be your future, if you follow the path. There is still a chance to save us all. That is, if you can find a way back.’
‘What of your great plans?’ Adem asked in return mockery. ‘To farm my people like cattle and rule the world?’
‘Even a vampire grows tired of fresh blood, no matter how rich and delicious.’ The vampire’s eyes turned from large black seeds to bright emerald rings, around large dark centres that regarded Adem with a solemn expression. ‘Even an immortal yearns for the long sleep after so many millennia. Sometimes, I wish I were still a wheat farmer ... working the land, with my Old Papa.’
‘I see,’ Adem said. ‘One other thing, you said it was the Jinn-Lord’s touch that made you create those visions. Why would the Jinn-Lord try to help me?’
‘I believe the Jinn-Lord is just not finished with you.’ The immortal’s chuckle was mirthless. ‘Perhaps there is still something He needs from you, but the game is not over till He says it’s over. He wants to beat you, thoroughly, on His terms. The only way that would be possible, is if you return to Kismeria.’

***

‘We have to get the potion into one of them!’ Hayley was shouting over the rumbling thunder of the winter storm. A tornado tunnel of snowflakes whirled around Pendral and the two Battle Angels, Arawn and Math, as the two Angels attempted to overpower the man with a Link.
Dis Pater was still guarding Wil, Hayley and Elarja, as was Enserah and Druantia, the three Angels now wielding a vast store of their strength to preserve Wil’s, Hayley’s and Elarja’s flesh from that devastating magic of the Staff of golden fire. Adem had cleared the battlefield for the most part, as the Dark Elves and Forsaken that had survived the initial expanding spheres of golden light, had fled through Portal-Spells, either higher up the mountainside, or perhaps back to the forest where Elf Kin still fought thousands of demons in the Asgardic tournament. Not all had been given the alert to move to the rallying point, and so perhaps those that returned to the forest felt a need to save their Brothers and Sisters, as well as their own skin. There was little else they could do when faced with such destruction.
Wil had one idea, and after speaking to Dis Pater via the kigare, he lifted the potion flask with the stopper pulled, and a few tiny droplets floated out of the mouth piece, that were picked up in the beaks of a number of Flame Crows that appeared in a morph of shadow and flame. Eyes of blood-flame: glossy black feathers as if made from oiled silk, the Crows flew like arrows towards Highlander and Wilder, though they dissipated against a wave of that golden light. That was not going to work! It had only worked against Pendral as that massive strike of lightning bolts had disabled his Jinn-Shield for the brief moment Wil’s Crows were able to spike Pendral with the potion.
Then Pendral returned to Wil’s side, and Wil explained their plan. Pendral lifted the potion flask from Wil’s fingers, and turned to face his father with grim determination. ‘I will see it done, or I shall die trying,’ Pendral promised.
‘There’s no need for such heroics,’ Hayley shouted over the thunder. ‘Just do your best and return to us if you fail.’ Pendral nodded: then flew like a lightning bolt towards Adem, wings now of blue feathered flame glowing from his shoulder blades like some exotic eagle. Blade and Staff collided; thunder ripped the air after lightning flashed to turn night into daylight. Yet moments later the storm subsided, the funnel of snowflakes dissipating, as Arawn put down Math Mathonwy with a heavy strike of his blade. That meant Pendral had not yet reached Carl with the potion, though Wil looked to Adem with a shred of hope. 
It seemed either Pendral or Adem had closed a Shield-Trap down around Carl also: keeping him cut off from Angel-Magic and bound with hands pressed to his sides. Carl wielded a new spear that burned with white light, though Wil’s heightened senses detected a surface like carved grey stone. At this point, Shaye, Ellagon and the remaining Heroes of Will under possession all fled through warps of crimson flame.
From what he could sense of his old friend via the kigare, Adem was now feeling the full force of the pain of Jean’s death. It was as if he could think rationally again, so perhaps he had been forced to try the potion. That still left the struggle against the possession demons, but there was a chance to win them back.
Adem fell forwards, to hands and knees, that golden staff still clutched in right fist, though the light had almost dimmed completely. His wizard’s hat fell to the snow blanketed field, blowing away in the wind of the remaining force of that tornado. The man sobbed; Wil could hear it easily with teron in his veins. Then the sobs turned to wailing. Adem screamed, and it was like nothing Wil had ever heard from his friend before. This was not the madness. It was the loss of everything that made Adem who he was. He could never live long with the murder of Jean on his conscience. But they needed him to!

*** 
Adem gave his last anguished gasp: then gripped the Staff of Restoration and Ruination, as a wave of force seemed to make the earth shudder as he began to stand. It was not intended to harm anyone, just to give warning that he was ready to do serious damage, though his target was now the remaining demons, and those cursed wolves that prowled on the edges of the plateau.
He clasped a hand to Pendral’s shoulder, and almost grunted in his ear, ‘Make him drink!’ Adem had no time to rescue Carl from that possession demon. There was still one fighting to regain control of Adem, and so he took another sip of potion before Pendral moved to force the liquid down Carl’s throat. Adem glanced back once to see a thrashing violent faced possession victim suddenly be still, becoming the calm and reasoned expression of his old friend, Carl Wilder.
But Adem was not calm. Even a mad rage would not suit the mood he was in. He was livid, driven for revenge like never before. They had forced him to murder Jean, his dearest heart, his one true love. She had also been his wife, and mother of their daughter Janeanne, who would surely never forgive him for his crime.
Wings of Odin fanned from Adem’s shoulders as he raised his form high into the sky, looking down at the snowfields and mountainside where demons continued to clamber and surge, dark bony forms of muscle and hide, spiked and plated armour or chain mail on Boli-Kuldr and some Nymloc. He would destroy them all. He would destroy everything. It was the only way to end it. He would summon enough of teron to collapse Kerak’Otozi into the void of oblivion!
A wind picked up, the snow swirling around his form as lightning bolts pierced the sky, striking the mountain and further out like a new Awakening of Odin. Thunder rumbled through the air, loud enough to tear the fabric of space and time, as blue blazing bolts appeared by the thousands, stretching into the distance in every direction. Where those bolts touched ground, they would vaporize demons, as well as any man, bird, or beast, but Adem was too far gone to care for anything other than revenge.
Teron was a blizzard of erupting volcanoes surging through a system of organs and veins, muscle and bone that was removed from the corruption of teron via the miracle potion. Those small sips he’d taken, combined with the Staff, gave him enough strength in Angel-Magic to tear the earth into shreds, raising mountains from the seas and turning mountains into valleys. He was ready to unleash the Angel-Magic too, enough to tear this world apart in a way that would match the internal struggle he felt for mastering his misery. No Alit’aren breathing or meditation techniques could ever cure the guilt that overwhelmed his conscience. He was a madman, and a murderer, and he had failed the world. But perhaps now there was one last act he could perform that would make things right!
Before unleashing the Angel-Magic, he noticed a vast Portal-Spell surrounded by a white glow appear directly above him in the sky, over three hundred feet or higher over his head. A swarm of vampires were also seen flying close to the Portal-Magic, then they seemed to flee his wrath in terror, flying through the opening by the hundreds if not thousands.
A moment later a speeding object tore through the surface of the plateau and reached out for Adem like a giant fist of stone and soil, grasping his Shield-Sphere like a marble in an adult hand; then he was quickly dragged down through the mountain and into the earth at incredible speed. The walls around him spread out then reformed as if in time with the movement of the giant hand that clutched him without hope of escape. He struck the hand and vine covered brown arm with torrents of teron, but though fire and lightning encased the hand and limb, it was to no avail. The fist had created another Shield-Spell around his own, cutting him off from most of those vast stores of Angel-Magic, and he was unable to break free.
It seemed he was boring into the centre of the earth, or perhaps close to it, when he found himself looking up into the face of a Giant the size of the Battle Angels of Ancient Days. The creature must have towered over eighty feet tall, rounded belly and thick limbs that could have been formed from smoothed clay, wrapped in leaves and vines, fruits and flowers, with the same arrangement for long ladylike hair, and two black seeds for eyes the size of wagon wheels.

***

Sometime after Adem had been dragged down into the earth by that massive fist, Elarja completed his Angel-Magic to enchant Jean’s wedding ring. He said he thought it would work the way he needed, and so Wil left Hayley under heavy guard for the time he was required to enter the Arkendriel in the ancient past.
A vast host of Forsaken and Dark Elves were now returning to the plateau, after the battle had cooled down. Those lightning bolts that could be seen for miles still flickered in the distance, some remaining charge of the amount of teron Adem had been wielding.
Hayley was soon surrounded by Rayne and Rievenna, Janeanne and Terese, Jarien, Rodin, Tarz, and of course Isabelle. Those guarding Hayley were surrounded by thousands more warriors forming ranks and Shield-Domes to protect the core of their leadership.
Hayley had few vampires and werewolves remaining, though they continued to patrol the outer edges of the snow-covered mountainside, the larger werewolves still hunting those dreaded wolves that seemed to be made from shadows and flame.
Pendral also swore to protect Hayley, yet with Carl Wilder slowly recovering, while fighting off the possession demon that still sought to control his mind and body, Pendral was at this time too busy to focus his attention on that inner circle of Shield-Spells.
Wil and Elarja would try to return to a time shortly after they had left, or perhaps immediately after if possible, but the time it took until that occurred meant the chance of possessed Heroes of Will and Children of Odin returning with more Hex-Warlords and Hex-Keepers. Then the battle would certainly be heating up again.
Orion and Tobin, Lydia and Elmira were also soon a part of the inner guard, after arriving through Portal-Magic with a host of Dark Elves that had still been fighting the Asgardic tournament in forests below. When the two women asked after the Daughter of Thor, Hayley could only shake her head with eyes lowered, as Lydia and Elmira began to howl in disbelief. The pain they felt could not match the bond Hayley had shared with Jean via the kigare, but in other ways those women had been closer to Adem’s wife, and they would feel they had lost a favourite younger sister.
Janeanne was perhaps in shock, too much shock to let her emotions show, despite a few teardrops and sniffles. Yet her expression was stern, as if she wished to avenge her mother’s death, and her target would likely be her own father rather than the Jinn-Lord. It was then that Hayley considered that perhaps the woman felt so little, because she hardly knew her parents at all, except for faded childhood memories. She would be heartbroken, but perhaps she felt the least of all the women gathered there, though there was anger growing in her eyes, fierce contempt, and slow burning rage.
Carl was gathered inside the ring of defence when it was decided he had recovered enough to trust him so close. Tobin and Orion then moved to speak with Pendral in soft whispers, and Hayley did not try to listen in. Those two would be glad to regain an old friend, and a very powerful ally.

*** 

That giant Earth Spirit was gazing down at Adem with open curiosity and perhaps a short temper brewing in those hazelnut eyes. After a time, she spoke, though the language was in Elf Tongue, so Adem insisted he could not understand, as Arawn had become separated from him when he was captured.
‘Oh, you speak the Mortal Tongue, then, do you?’ the Angel woman asked in a rasping tone. ‘In the Old Days, many mortals still knew the Ancient Tongue, though you are not from here, are you?’
‘I’m from Earth,’ Adem replied. ‘Why have you captured me?’
‘To be rid of you!’ the woman snapped, then gave a hearty chuckle. ‘You are a pest in the nest, and you must be eradicated!’
‘I’m one of the Sons of Odin,’ Adem insisted. ‘I have importance, great significance to this world.’
‘Yes, yes, I know of you, but you almost destroyed my world. You would have cracked us open like a melon dropped from a height. I helped make this world. I was involved in the early crafting, and I keep it well tended. You will not destroy what the Ancients and I worked so hard to create, guided by the hand of the Great One.’
‘I’m sorry,’ Adem admitted. ‘I am in terrible pain!’ He almost shouted the last with rage.
‘Yes, and mad to boot!’ the woman chuckled with ire. ‘I will not stand for it. Elarja thinks he is the only one who can mend the timelines, but I have some skill with passage between space and time. So, I will return you, to think on the problem further!’
A familiar sphere of coloured energies began to pulse around Adem as he shouted out to this Spirit, ‘No wait! What do you mean? Return me to where?’
Flicker!
Adem fell from the sky, flew through the heavens, he was burning in hellfire, bathed in pure light, swimming in ice cold waters, floating, falling, flying, burning ... Adem woke in his bedroom, the bedroom of his parent’s house! He realised when he turned on the light switch, after failing three times to wield teron to light a sphere of flame.
He gazed about in wonder. What happened? Where is Carl and Wil? Where is Jea—as memory returned, he suddenly found himself on the floor gazing up at the light that was now spotted with dark flecks in his vision; he’d taken a nasty fall and smashed his skull. He screamed, but it was not for the pain of falling, he realised in horror that he had ... he had killed ... I killed Jean? ‘I killed my wife!’ Tears filled his eyes, falling from his face as the door opened and his mother stood in the doorway with a look of terror on her face.
‘What madness are you rambling, Adem! It’s three in the morning! Your father is trying to sleep! I’m trying to sleep! What’s wrong with you? You have no wife! You’re just a madman!’
Her words struck him like a gong, but the pain in his soul burned with new fire, and he screamed again, clawing at his face as if wishing he could rip the skin clean off.
‘You’ve been smoking it again, haven’t you?’ His mother wailed. ‘Jason, he’s been at it again. This time I say we kick him out!’
What is going on? Adem thought, his mind reeling in shock and pure agony. ‘What is this place?’ he asked in disbelief. ‘Where am I?’ What the hell is going on here?

Chapter 12

Return to Bright

In the hours that Hayley and her forces awaited the return of her husband and Elarja RinHannen, the mood was sombre to say the least. Hayley knew Adem was still alive, but she had not spoken such beliefs, and the feeling amongst her people was that they had perhaps lost two Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor in one day. So much depended on these saviours from another world, that without them, there seemed no way to go on.
Finally, Terese stepped forward, driving her blade into the snow and soil, and ordered that rocks be gathered to make a mound, and it was right about the spot where Jean had vanished. When the mound was created, Terese spoke words over the grave, though there was no body beneath the stones. Even her enchanted bow and sword had vanished in the blast of light that seemed to have burnt her into nothingness. So, there was no part remaining of her to gift to the burial site.
Then Janeanne stepped forward, and with a slice of Angel-Magic, she cut off her long golden braid, laying it delicately over the stones, as she also whispered words to say her farewells. Then Terese did the same, severing her own dark braid tied with bright ribbon: that she also placed beside the one that belonged to Janeanne.
Sometime later, both Lydia and Elmira stepped forward to commit to the same act, shedding their braids at the neck, to place beside the others. Hayley was laying her own braid beside them when Isabelle stepped forward. All eyes were on her, as she wound her dark locks into a bunch, gathered with a green ribbon of silk. As she placed the thick bundle of hair on top of the mound, she looked back at the other women with an uneasy smile.
Finally, Janeanne put an arm around her, pulling her into a circle where the other women gathered around her in a large group hug.
Then great songs were sung on that plateau, as snowflakes fell under a wintery sky of grey clouds. The mood changed from sombre to woeful, though the singing voices seemed to lift their spirits to a degree. 
Before long, the snow had covered the stones and the gifts that were laid there. The singing ceased, and the warriors prepared to wait out the return of Wil and Elarja, and perhaps also Adem Highlander. Though the question that began to haunt the minds of many, a thought so far unspoken, was “How were the Sons of Odin supposed to win the Ragnarök Battle, without the aid of the Daughter of Thor?”

***
It was sometime after Alex was rescued and returned to his father that Adem recalled the events within the caves and tunnels, where he’d seen visions of his past and potential future. At this point he told Joel he was setting out to travel to Bright. He explained his reasons, and although all Joel could say in reply was ‘Crazy!’ the man would not allow Adem to travel the roads alone.
So, they packed up the Jeep with fuel, ammunition, the blade and the Sabre-Tooth, as well as food, water and other necessary supplies, and started their journey northwards. They had plenty of fuel for a return journey, though Adem knew his journey would end at Bright, one way or another.
During the first few hours of driving, Adem recalled more visions from his past: including the day Joel’s wife had died. 
The three of them had been out on the road a few miles from home, passing by a group of men that were gathered round a campfire. They looked like cowboys to Adem, and Joel wanted to ask them what sort of supplies they had in their trucks.
So, they joined these six men of different ages, dressed in jeans, flannelette shirts and cowboy hats, and shared a bottle of whisky while one of the men played guitar and the sun began to sink low.
Once the moon was bright in the night sky, Adem seemed to have lost track of time. He felt giddy, perhaps from the drink—maybe they’d spiked it—though this was one of those times when the madness had taken over. Rather than appear frightened, the men did not seem bothered by Adem, as the guitar man continued to play his tunes, and the other men joined together in song.
Adem had hardly noticed, but Joel and his wife, Allison, had fallen asleep. It was then that Adem knew something was not right about these men. But in the dazed sleepiness of their hypnotic chants, he found he had trouble seeing straight, let alone standing. During the chanting, their voices became guttural, deep, and harsh, that changed to a kind of howl and bark.
When he looked up with heavy lidded eyes, he saw that the men surrounding him had changed form. They were covered in a thick shaggy fur, long muzzles with sharp toothed maws like a giant dog. Werewolves! He thought in a state of panic.
It was then that Joel and Allison woke up and stood with sleepy expressions and began to walk mechanically towards the edge of the nearby cliff. Adem fought to break out of the spell of drowsiness, knowing these werewolves were after him, but he needed to save his friends!
He was still deep in the trance—one of the wolves raising a clawed paw towards his beating heart—when his illness suddenly subsided, and he had a moment of clear thought, where he knew the danger, and struck back hard and fast. A great howling filled the night sky as the wolves turned to blue flames and ashes. Joel and Allison did not slow their advance towards the cliff, and as they stepped out into open air, Adem was right behind them with Odin Wings flaring from his shoulders.
‘You could only save one of us,’ Joel explained to Adem as they retold the story together, each one putting a piece of the puzzle back together. ‘It took me a long time to come to terms with that fact. I always felt that you should have saved Allison. But you saved the one that could fight for you, for that Water Dragon guy. I always knew that too.’

*** 

Carl was now recovered nearly completely, and he hoped that the possession demon had taken off elsewhere, though he watched the Dark Elves and Forsaken for signs that a traitor was amongst them.
He spoke with Tobin and Orion, Pendral and Serock, as well as Hayley Martyr, about his fears that Adem had somehow returned to Earth.
The ability to form Portal-Spells between Kismeria and Earth was a discovery Carl had made some years prior to his illness reaching a stage where he lost control, and his body was taken prisoner by the possession spirit.
However, Carl had not returned to Earth before that time, as he had by that time decided he needed to do what was necessary to help Adem win this war. He had really made that decision long before.
Rather than wait for Wil to return, Carl decided he needed to try to cross back over to Earth now, to protect his wife and daughter by whatever means possible. Carl understood that those vampires had crossed back over to Earth when he opened that Portal-Spell, though that had been Carl fighting the possession demon for control. Carl had meant to create the Portal-Magic right in front of himself, to leap through in the hope that the possession demon did not survive the journey. But while fighting for control of his mind and body, the Portal-Spell had opened in the sky, at an opportune moment for the vampires to cross over. 
Despite these facts, Carl took the blame, and decided it was up to him to fix things.
He said his farewells, handing his weapons over to Hayley Martyr, including the three reward items he’d gained via the Arkendriel many hundreds of years before. That included the Spear of Jarien, the true Stone-Spear wielded by the famed Hero of Will during one of his incarnations. The weapon was light as a feather, never needed sharpening, and had been enhanced many times for powerful wielding of teron. 
The demon armies had retreated under the assault of Adem’s rage. Those lightning bolts had perhaps killed as many innocents as demons for many miles around, he did not wish to consider the impact of those Angel-Magics across the face of the continent. Seconds longer and the world may have crumbled into dust, the core rupturing in a cosmic blast.
This made Carl’s decision final, knowing that if Wil did return with Elarja, he would find himself fighting this battle alone. But there were other options to consider.
With complex Angel-Magic similar to forming Portal-Spells across large distances, Carl created a gateway to perhaps another world, or another dimension. But where he landed when stepping through was his true home. It was a little house in the countryside, with mountains of eucalypt forest for hundreds of acres all around. It was the place he visited every Christmas with his wife and daughter, the home where his parents had lived for many years. It was the place where the adventures all began, one special night. The moon was full. It was Bright! 

***

Another part of those memories in the vampire caves and tunnels returned to Adem during the journey to Bright. He hadn’t realised before then how he had convinced Joel that it was worth the risks. It was considered dangerous to travel out of your own territory for more than a few hundred kilometres. Bright was quite a bit further north.
When Adem made it out of the tunnels, he and Alex collapsed to catch their breath, after helping each other walk as they searched for a way out. Joel continued to blast the enemy with that machine gun of annihilation. 
Adem was now very weak, as that Dragon Scar on his chest had become inflamed. It was usually a black tattoo like pattern that was actually charred flesh that had never fully healed. While fighting the vampires the black lines had begun to glow with heat, burning like orange-gold magma. It drained his strength as it always had. Perhaps some link between the Schism and the Jinn-Lord, triggered by the presence of the vampires.
Adem guessed this was perhaps why he was able to wield small amounts of teron, even here on Earth, when facing enemies with magic powers of their own. Or perhaps it was Jean’s enchanted wedding ring, that he wore on a toramor chain around his neck. Some magic of the ring allowing him to wield a small part of Angel-Magic of Kismeria.
Lying on his back, heaving for breath, as his vision became blurred and darkness began to roll over his eyes, he heard Joel shouting from inside the tunnel. It sounded as if the vampires were corrupting his mind, taunting him with visions.
‘Hurry, finish them, Joel!’ Adem cried out. ‘I’m your last hope! You are lost without me!’
When Joel shouted his reply, his voice was deep and menacing, and reminded Adem of nothing other than the voice of the Jinn-Lord, ‘No, you are NOTHING! YOU ARE LOWER THAN VERMIN! YOU ARE THE SLUG THAT DEVOURS RAT EXCREMENT! YOU ARE WEAK! YOU ARE PATHETIC! I WILL FINISH YOU SOON ENOUGH!’ 
There was a pause, before Joel’s voice returned to his own, as he cried out in vain, ‘I don’t believe in you anymore!’
‘Believe in me?’ Adem repeated the words, softly chuckling to himself in ire. Then he said again, ‘Believe in me.’ And called out, ‘Joel, I know of a man you can believe in! I know a way to change it all back to the way it was before!’
‘How is that possible?’ Joel asked.
‘In that other world, there was another remarkable fellow. He could change the past, and in that way alter the present and future. He was a time traveller, Joel! I can reunite you with your wife. I can fix everything. Just help me, Joel. I’m wounded. I’m dying here!’
After a long silence Adem heard his friend call, ‘OK!’
Adem grinned and shouted with what strength he had left in him, ‘And kill that evil Sucker on your way out.’
After some terrified screaming and sounds of brutality amidst the Sabre’s roar, Joel called out, ‘Done!’

***

During the journey towards Bright, Adem had time to reflect on the only other time he had made this trip. It seemed so long ago, and indeed, after living over five hundred years, it was a very long time ago. Adem’s appearance was still that of a forty something year old with more grey in his hair and moustache than someone that age should be showing. Yet he felt very old, withered, and weakened. The only thing that drove him onwards was the hope that he could fix things, the dream that Jean could live again.
They had been staying up late that night, and the three of them were laughing about something, all three in their mattresses and blankets, up on a loft, at night, near Bright. Suddenly a fierce stomping started up on the deck outside. Vibrations moved from front porch, through balcony and front of house to reach the peaked church-type building at the back of the house, even moving through the loft and mattress beds.
Adem recalled asking Carl and Wil, ‘Do you hear very loud stomping on the deck?’ To which they both agreed they heard exactly that and agreed to his question of whether they also heard and felt the vibrations running through the house. He used this method of identifying each sound, with his friends also as witnesses, to conduct a thorough scientific observation of what could only be described as supernatural domestic disturbances.
By that time Adem noted great fear in his two friends, and though he was also more than nervous, he was more interested to discover what this was, believing then that he could expose it as a hoax. Though his instincts also told him this was not something normal, and the rage that seemed to emanate as an evil force from that point of stomping on front deck, also told him this was not likely to be normal mortal beings. 
The stomping ceased when moments later Adem saw and heard the door handle turning left and right. It was locked, but someone was trying to force it open by the handle! Then a terrible scraping sound began on the front door: that sounded like nothing other than a man with a glove of blades for fingers, dragging them down the wood of the door ferociously. They all agreed it was either that or a wild bear, and there were no bears in the wilds of the Australian bushland, ever!
Next was heard three footsteps through the front hall, entering where the door stood, and Adem saw that the steps were invisible, and that the door did not open. It was locked. His friends agreed to hearing the footsteps enter the house and were more frightened than ever.
Adem challenged the ghost, as he was certain now that was what it was, calling it a crude name with his mind. The next moment he felt those blades closing around his heart, like many sharp knives puncturing a very soft organ, despite the heart being a strong muscle.
It seemed strange to think back that he had felt this, at that time, as he was very scared, but not so frightened that he might be experiencing a heart attack at that time.
It was then that Adem asked God in his mind to save him, and that he would be his messenger for now and forever. In the next moment he felt magic healing on his heart, not knowing if it was the ghost’s forgiving power or Angel-Magic of God. But he was saved.
Moments later all three young men turned towards the loft wall, over fifteen feet off the ground, where they heard three female voices swooping in through the air across eight to ten feet of air, sliding upwards like snakes as they cried out in terrible song the entire time. The only thought to enter Adem’s mind was Banshees!
It was then that another voice was heard, an eerie cry, that they agreed that night and always after sounded most like the cry of an evil infant, as terrible as that was to witness and to ever consider forever after. This voice was also at the same height as the three Banshee women.
Adem then turned excitedly to the darkened but also moonlit room where the male ghost with the claw had entered. Adem began to encourage the ghost to give further proof that he had entered the house. He believed a chair had moved at that point, to which Adem said, ‘That’s not good enough.’
What he needed was proof of a human intelligence; that is invisible and able to walk through solid walls or wooden doors, entering the locked house, and able to interact with physical objects inside the locked space. This, Adem knew, would be proof of supernatural human souls.
After some further talking to this spirit in the room, his two friends wondering what must be going on in Adem’s mind, they heard three guitar strings plucked, after a brief stroking of the strings. Three strings were pulled back to be released with so much force that the vibrations of those strung rang out in the room for some time after.
It was later agreed that it was the left strings being plucked towards the right, what they agreed to call the ‘heavy bass strings’ including at least the first two copper looking strings—Adem was no expert in music or guitars, but Carl knew enough to confirm this.
After agreeing it was the guitar, spoken of first by Carl and Wil, Adem asked, ‘Where is the guitar?’ He also gave Carl guarantees that the faster he showed the guitar the more Adem would turn from Atheist to true believer in Christ and God.
Carl quite hurriedly lifted the torch to spotlight the guitar up against the far wall of the room. Adem also recalled he could still hear some vibration of the strings during that time that the torch lit up the guitar: that had been shadowed against the wall up till that time.
The only reason Adem did not charge down the ladder to check the strings—other than his certainty that a ghost with a claw for a hand had played those strings—was that he had a broken leg in fibreglass green plaster wrapping. He’d been on crutches those entire holidays. 
It was for defending a girl being bothered by two older men at a party, that Adem had confronted and fought one of the men resulting in a broken leg. This was also the reason Adem had been invited to Bright, for being brave and sticking up for a woman in distress.
To this day, Adem believes those circumstances of the fight and broken leg, were crucial to his destiny resulting in his becoming the man he was today. Despite all of his flaws, and sins, he was a true believer in Christ and the Lord God. So much so that he regularly read the Bible given to him by Carl Wilder, red leather bound with gold painted page tips. It was gifted on the day that Adem was baptised by Pastor Wilder, Carl’s father, in Adem’s parents’ backyard pool on a warm summer’s day. 
Adem’s faith in Jesus, in particular, arose over many years after the event, after Carl prayed to his Christian God, and used Jesus also apparently, as a word of Power, to defeat these demonic spirits and send them packing. Adem was assured of this after Carl spoke the words of the prayer, sometime after the guitar was played. It was Wil stating that he felt calm and safe that prompted Carl to admit, that this had been part of his prayer, for us all to feel safe and calm.
Adem realised after much thought that even if Carl had only prayed to the Christian God, this was the Father of Jesus, according to the Bible, and so perhaps, he thought, perhaps this meant that there was strength in the faith of Christian belief, at least in giving power to special believers to fight off ghosts or evil spirits.
The next day Adem woke, and the first thought was that it had all been a dream. Then Carl and Wil spoke of the events the night before, and Adem questioned them to confirm this, to which they agreed. Then all three climbed down the ladder, Adem with always some difficulty with his plastered leg. They then went onto the front lawn and sat on chairs and spoke to Pastor Wilder of what they had heard the night before, which was eventually believed, and followed by some relevant discussion on such matters.
After the guitar was played, Adem also believed he saw a figure of blue light walking, or floating, from the guitar to the centre of the room. He pointed and stared, thanking this ‘Divine Spirit’ at which point he thought the figure smiled, before vanishing.
That night, after the guitar and feeling calm and safe was agreed, Adem also insisted that all three go down the ladder and go outside to look at the area behind the loft wall, after listening very carefully for sounds of deconstructing the kind of scaffolding and ropes and pulleys to move three female adult bodies through the air. They went outside and saw nothing but the long distance between the ends of very thin tree branches, and the ten to twelve feet or more distance to loft wall, with the moon shining brightly above them on a clear moonlit night, at Wandiligong, near Bright.


Chapter 13

A Last Stand

Adem and Joel stopped at a country town bar, looking for a hot meal and a drink. The bar was near empty, only a few drunken looking male patrons in their late fifties or older. They were grey bearded, pink faced men, with bellies like swine coated in dark blue singlets, legs like bowling pins sticking out of stubby shorts. There were four meeting those descriptions in fact: the three that drank at a table together wore Akubras. The one at the bar wore a wide brimmed green hat with corks on strings to ward off flies.
It was hot, there was no air conditioning, but a fan swung gently above the room that must’ve been powered by a generator some distance away. This was not uncommon for a bar as they also needed to keep their beer cold.
Joel was after whisky however, as today he didn’t feel like drinking from his own distillery stash. He bought the expensive stuff, as they had received a decent number of items of value for rescuing Alex. In this case Joel parted with a handgun and two rounds of bullets for a half-filled bottle that was handed over by a disgruntled looking barman.
They ate a meal of steak and kidney pies with mash and peas, and Adem was even willing to have a few drinks as they sat and talked at the bar to the fellow with the hat of corks.
‘Lot of people heading your way, lately,’ the man admitted. ‘I seen thousands these past few weeks. What they don’t know is, there’re more bloodsuckers up north than down south.’
‘How do you know this?’ Adem asked.
‘I hunt ’em, don’t I?’ The man said, raising a bottle of beer to his lips but not drinking. He grinned, ‘Killed ’undreds up north, I ’ave.’
They drank a few, until Adem noticed three females entering the bar. He was immediately suspicious of the three, as they had the faces of the three witches that he’d seen in his visions in the vampire cave. They were not Nightwalkers; he could see that when they offered him warm smiles.
Joel invited the women over, and as they began to gather around Joel and laugh in a playful way, Adem felt that wave of hypnosis washing over him again. It was the same force that had taken him when he faced the werewolf cowboys.
He slammed his glass down on the table in anger, and the glass shattered, causing blood to drip from his clenched fist.
‘He bleeds,’ one of the women said in a strange tone. ‘He is the one. We must strike now while he is weakened.’
All seemed to happen in a blur, as the room suddenly appeared to be filled with flames, and Adem could only see the three women in the room, all the other men had vanished. He was dazed, and his lids were heavy. He saw one of the women reach for his heart with a hand that had long nails like black claws.
He felt Angel-Magic enter his soul! He reached for it, drawing from a deep well as teron filled his veins like cold lightning. The next moment the woman closest to him was lying flat on her back, a stunned expression in her eyes. The bar was back to normal.
‘What the hell, Adem?’ Joel asked.
‘We’re leaving,’ Adem replied. The glass was still shattered: whisky covered the bar with broken fragments.
Adem wasn’t certain what had happened to save him, perhaps Angel-Magic, perhaps something else. What he knew as their Jeep sped away from the bar was that those hunters would take it as an insult for their assaulting one of the local women. 
These were lawless times, in a land full of vigilantes. They would follow, looking for revenge.
When Adem told Joel what had happened, Joel swore and said, ‘If they were after you, and what you say happened, did happen, then they were not just local women. They’re witches that worship the Old Gods. Since the vampires arrived, and the Old Gods returned, men and women like that gain power by performing duties for the Gods. They want you for some reason. Could be that ring you wear. Or maybe they can just sense you when you’re near.’
‘What about the ring?’ Adem asked.
‘I know it’s more than just a wedding ring, Adem. I’ve seen it glow when you were flying around that vampire cavern. It’s magic. Perhaps it’s what gives you those special abilities.’
‘Maybe,’ Adem said. ‘What about those hunters, you think they’ll follow us?’
‘I’m certain of it,’ Joel replied with a frown. ‘I was overly suspicious of that one at the bar bragging how many bloodsuckers he’d killed. Not many Hunters live long enough to tally a score of hundreds. They’ll be working for the Old Gods. I’ll bet they were there to protect the witches. They’ll be on our trail in no time.’

*** 

Hayley sent scouts to report on the damage Adem had caused with that rain of lightning bolts. Adem had still not returned, after they last saw that great fist reach up from the earth to drag him under. Wil and Elarja were also delayed, in their trip to the past. Forsaken and Dark Elf groups of fifty set off to the four corners of the Free Lands, moving through Portal-Spells created by dozens of Alit’aren and Ael Tarael within Jean’s armies—well, they were now Hayley’s forces to command. 
For now, anyway. 
She told herself not to lose hope, but everyone she had grown to depend on had been murdered, or had betrayed her, or had disappeared without a trace. One to his home world, one deep in the past, another buried in the earth’s bowels by a fist of some ancient being. And Jean gone too. After losing Enserah, she trembled with anxiety as tight emotions bunched at her chest, as if all the air in the world would not suffice to give her new breath. 
But all I need to do is breathe, she told herself. And try to remain calm.
‘Wil shall return to me,’ she spoke the words at a whisper, but every immortal on that plateau had likely heard. All waiting to hear her next commands.
Within a matter of twenty-five minutes, the scouts began to return, dark garbed Forsaken and torin’sidhe wearing Dark Elves pouring out of holes of light and colour in the air. They flickered in her vision as if shadows and phantoms, the magic elixir heightening their Elven abilities to the point of becoming supernatural beings from the days of old. None of them looked in any way pleased.
‘Adem Highlander has wiped out cities with that act of carnage!’ spat a taller than average Dark Elf. His burning black eyes bored holes through Hayley’s mind, his voice reached into her chest to press her beating heart. ‘My people were slaughtered by the thousands within the Forest of Ardroth Dell! If he returns, I will slaughter him like a wild pig fit for roasting.’ The man spoke with passionate rage teetering on the brink of pure madness. Though this was not just the typical near insane persona of any regular Dark Elf. This man wanted blood.
A Forsaken leader, General Jojhin, made his report next. His news was most disturbing: and signalled her call to show leadership. ‘My Lady Martyr, massive forces of demons are appearing out of nowhere! They press against the cities of the Green Border, not to lay siege, they threaten to wipe out the defending strongholds within hours!’
‘Where?’ Hayley snapped in outrage. She had heard enough to know this was no normal demon force. ‘What types of creature do they have that could wipe out the Borderland fortresses?
‘It seems Highlander’s lightning storm has created another warp in space between the Old Ways and now. These are demons of nightmare not told of since the Dawn of Ages. I have even spotted a Shadow Dragon with my own eyes! It circled the skies above a large stronghold east of Eromel in Talgarath. Hamela and Tivar will be taken soon after. A greater force moves for the pass between the two cities. They will be crushed by the force from the north as well as those that cross the River Ellenorin on the Plains of Haradhel.’
‘Then we must meet them at the river!’ Hayley cried. ‘Send one hundred thousand Forsaken to delay the northern forces from reaching the Plains of Haradhel. I will take the remaining Forsaken with the main force of Eva’Hahlen to defend the west side of the River Ellenorin.’
‘And who will lead our people?’ It was the same Dark Elf with the burning eyes that roared the challenge to Hayley’s authority. ‘The Asgardics were a failure. I will not lead my people to further slaughter at the hands of this feeble mortal!’
‘The Asgardics shall continue. The battles have become a war.’
‘The Sons and Daughter are gone from this world!’ The man drove each word through her heart like burning glacier-blades. ‘We will surely perish if we go to war without them! I will take my people deep into the mountain caves where we will wait out the slaughter.’
‘Such cowardice would never earn you the right as champion of the Asgardics, or any competition where I stand as judge. My husband will return!’ Janeanne, Terese, Lydia and Elmira moved to surround her with scalding glares for the provoker. Tobin and Orion stood poised like lions ready to tear out throats with claws of flickering steel.
‘How do you even know that much?’ the aggressor asked. ‘For all you know he was killed in the past and will never return. If he lived as long as his Brothers, he would still be here in this time, like Highlander and Wilder, and so he must be dead!’
The very notion was a blow to her chest the likes of which to make gods stagger. If her husband had lived, he would be able to reach her now, or at least send her messages via their Battle Angels. She asked Enserah with her mind. Does he still live?
I cannot sense him, Mother. I cannot say for certain.
‘You see!’ the Dark Elf cried victoriously. ‘She knows he must be dead or defeated. We are lost and alone! Who will join me to flee today and fight another? The path this wench walks will lead us all to a shallow grave before the day is through.’
There were tense moments of eyes darting and feet shuffling, but before long a large number of her Eva’Hahlen forces had crossed the line to stand with the cowardly Elf. His burning eyes glared with gleeful madness before he turned to march through an icy gale. A Portal-Spell appeared as a sheet of burning silver. Soon she had lost maybe a third of her forces. 
‘Tarz, change of plans. You will join me to defend the river.’ She glanced across at their newfound accomplice. ‘Lord General Pendral Dragon-Sword, you will lead the remaining Eva’Hahlen to defend the walls of Eromel and burn that demon army into the ground!’
‘I will be needing a few barrels of that miraculous potion, my Lady Martyr.’ The man’s grin was broad: dark eyes and black beard of a ferocious alpha-male wolf. 

***
Adem heard the first shot fired the moment before the back-left tyre began to deflate. A second shot must’ve hit the taillight on the right side, as Joel swerved to avoid sliding off the road into a descending hillside. It led to a wide concrete rainwater drainage system, running under a nearby bridge. When the third shot fired Joel lost control, it must have hit the other tyre, the car skidded off the road, and was suddenly rolling down the hillside, into the concrete half-pipe. 
Adem must’ve been knocked unconscious for a few moments, but he woke to the sound of more gun shots. Frantically he reached to undo his seat belt, hitting the roof as they were upside down. He managed to drag Joel out, who was still unconscious.
It was when he tried to lift Joel that the shots ceased for a moment. Perhaps reloading their rifles. Suddenly Adem was filled with a raw sense of Angel-Magic, and he knew as he lifted Joel with ease, that his Odin Wings were burning blue on his shoulders, lifting them off the ground as Adem began to fly towards the large drainpipe at the end of the concrete funnel.
When the next shot fired, Adem felt incredible burning pain rip through his left side. Both he and Joel plummeted to the concrete paving just a few feet from the pipe’s entrance. Now Joel was awake, and quick to respond as he pulled Adem into the tunnel, more shots ricocheting off the edge of the pipe as Adem’s vision clouded over with red. 
***
Carl could sense it, as soon as Adem was in serious trouble. As Adem moved closer to Bright where Carl was waiting, they began to sense one another more acutely. So, Carl knew when Adem was badly wounded, a terrible burning pain suggesting he was hit by a bullet or stabbed with a blade.
Without their Battle Angels to communicate, they could not share psychic words, and so Carl had to assume any message based on shared feelings and emotions. What he felt told him that Adem was close to death. But soon the night would fall. And these last few weeks the vampires surrounding his home had begun to attack with greater fervour. 
Using what small amounts of Angel-Magic that were still gifted to him, he had been able to create a sort of forcefield around the farmhouse to keep the vampires at bay, though he feared to leave his wife and daughter, and the rest of his family alone at the house if he was not able to return before nightfall. 
He had people he could send for the job, people he could trust. The problem was that only Carl would be able to find Adem the fastest, by pinpointing his location via their shared senses. He stood, and began to pace, frustrated, weighing up his options. 

Chapter 14

Demons of the Old Ways

Pendral Dragon-Sword stood on a raised plateau, overlooking the northern stretches of the lands between Rothnim and the City of Eromel. His Immortal eyesight could see many details of the city walls that no mortal man could have achieved, even if they were using a powerful telescope. He took estimated numbers of the size and scale of the demon forces that were advancing upon the city. At least two hundred thousand beasts and monsters already surrounded the eastern side of the outer walls, as if a sea of tar stretching for many miles. Their constant roars rumbled through the atmosphere like distant thunder. Most of those demons he could discern individual details of were older forms of Rahkwel, a taller breed standing over twelve feet, some grey or green skinned, though most were black as midnight with skin that gleamed like polished ebony. Some had the large lamplight eyes of their younger breed cousins, though most had eyes of fang-shaped scarlet, burning with raw evil energies that radiated outwards in waves. They were the Morhidrahl, thousands of them riding giant wolves or tusked boar with thick dark coats and eyes of hot coal. 
Pendral spied spears rising in rows of hundreds within the demon horde. Human heads dripping fresh red blood were stuck to the blade of each weapon, that stood out of the ground like flowing spikes. A number of large pots nearby were used to melt down the armour and weapons of the soldiers that had foolishly attempted a charge head on into the enemy lines. None of those bubbling cauldrons were used for cooking human flesh however, the bodies were ripped apart in a frenzy and gulped down raw. A number of the remaining horses were being dragged to the centre of the fields, a feast for ravenous souls.
Others prowled the base of the city walls hammering at the stone with massive weapons of ancient Magic-Forged steel. The Morhidrahl had once been great smiths during the Age of Callibreah’Nhim, also known as the Age of Eternal Wars. Legends said the Immortals of ancient days were able to learn from the Morhidrahl at crafting Magic-Forged weapons, armour, and other devices of enchantment. Not all of their kind were purely evil back then, some resided in caves under mountain waterfalls, and were peaceful creatures, but that was before the Age of Callibreah’Nhim. 
These historical facts crossed his mind as he gazed upon the demonic energy that blazed from the tips of dark staffs, sceptres, double-handed hammers, axes: scythe-shaped blades flaring like slivers of the sun. Eromel’s walls were also constructed using ancient magics, but they would not withstand this attack for more than the night would last. 
Above the city a black winged serpent-shaped lizard circled Eromel from the skies. A Shadow Dragon, perhaps the deadliest of creatures to ever exist. 
Except for me, Pendral thought with a wry grimace. That miracle potion was working wonderfully on his mind and soul, he could not remember the last time he’d felt so free of the Jinn-Lord’s clutches.
He would smash this demon army into dust and see it ended before sunset. The dark clouds of Kerak’Otozi swarmed above Eromel like a phantom plague. This was what allowed the Morhidrahl to move freely across these fields. But he would not waste his time and energy fighting back cloud cover. He took another small sip of the potion, feeling his ability to wield and also his sense of teron rising within his spirit. Opening Magic’s Floodgates. 
Rayne his beloved son stood beside him also examining the demon army from afar. His nervous eyes scanned Pendral’s face as Rayne calmly raised a hand. Clasping Pendral’s shoulder softly. ‘It is wonderful to have you back, Father!’ The elation was clear. Pendral smiled warmly, reaching out to embrace his son who shivered for a moment then threw his arms around Pendral in a fierce hug. ‘Please don’t leave us again, Father! We need you! I can’t do this on my own.’
They stood apart, regarding each other as Pendral replied, ‘It is good to be back. I’m sorry for what I’ve caused, dear boy. When your mother died, a part of me was lost with her...I haven’t been myself ever since. Somewhere along the way, the pain just took hold of me, despair, anguish. The world must hate and fear me, I know this. But I will make them believe in me again.’
Rayne smiled with delight as he said with a broad grin, ‘In the both of us.’ He paused as a frown took over, before saying, ‘I’m so sorry about Adem...I mean, your Father. I know how much he meant to you.’
Pendral tried to hide his pain as he replied in earnest, ‘The truth is, I never really got to know him at all. He was important, I loved him dearly. But he was never there for me, or Mother.’ He sighed deeply before grinning, ‘But do not despair just yet, son. Adem Highlander is a Son of Odin, he is integral to the Prophecies of Kismeria. I do not truly believe he is gone. Though where he is right now...I have no clue.’

***
Hayley watched the approaching demon armies with vehement rage surging, though in truth, she was also truly afraid. Lydia and Elmira were by her side, as were their husbands, dark eyes glittering as they glared at the black horizon. Morhidrahl numbered in the tens of thousands, along with larger demons of ancient days. Sengzlegions, also known as Pagan-Souls appeared scattered amongst the demon forces, spied by Hayley’s increased visual perceptions. 
Pagan-Souls were built like thick muscled Giants of black sinew, deep chests, and biceps big as oxen. Their skulls were ram horned beasts with eyes of burning gold, their faces were similar to a bull’s skull, a maw of razored fangs. Those creatures stood over seventeen feet tall, wide built monstrosities wielding blades of dark magic and sceptres that glowed with ancient might. 
Tarz was preparing his entourage to return to the Green Border to gather reinforcements. They would rout the enemy with a much larger force of Forsaken Alit’aren and Ael Tarael. Tarz estimated he could spare up to three hundred thousand, though he warned it would take time to bring the forces in large numbers, as he would need to recruit along the Border while leaving enough men and women to protect the Borderlands and fortify the great walls that held back most of the Jinn-Lord’s demon armies.
But these demons had not needed to pass through that wall. Somehow, they had simply...appeared. It was most disturbing. The Rift, Highlander’s assault on the world, Elarja’s Time Stones, and the Schism, any and all these things could be playing their part.
Terese Sapphire-Sword and Isabelle Iron-Bow stood close by also, guarding Janeanne. When Tarz was ready to leave he suggested taking Janeanne with him. ‘If his parents still live, they will not look kindly on allowing her to fight against such numbers.’ He spoke those words with a calm visage, though Hayley felt a prickling sensation across her skin, feeling the way a cat looks when reacting to a threat. But his words were wise. She could not guarantee Janeanne’s safety in this battle they were to face.
‘We will join her, of course,’ Orion said with a scowl. Lydia and Elmira moved up alongside Janeanne, as the Portal-Magic opened to allow hundreds of Forsaken to leap through a hole in the air. Tarz did not react to Orion’s threat, he simply nodded, and marched for the doorway of burning light.
‘Terese and Isabelle, you will also go with them,’ Hayley said, regaining her sense of authority.
‘I wouldn’t allow the girl to go without me,’ Terese replied, as the small group began to fall in line behind Tarz’s billowing black cloak.

***
Pendral opened a Portal-Spell large enough for the five thousand Eva’Hahlen and three thousand Forsaken to leap through in short order. He’d considered sending the Forsaken to rout the enemy from the eastern side of their hordes, but for now he would assault from the south aiming northward to cut a path through those demons that surrounded the city and nearby fields.
His son Rayne knew Pendral enough to follow his lead, and so, after some discussion of plan of attack, Pendral took the lead while Rayne prepared to unleash his Battle Angels.
A dense humming filled the air—a fierce crackling energy of a billion blazing-blue bees the size of bears buzzing—followed by roaring thunder of a Legion of God-Lions. Thousands of lightning forks pierced the fields blazing vehement deep blue. The reaction of the demon forces was to begin looking in all directions for the source of the attacks, as Pendral and his army were still several miles to the south. When the Morhidrahl spotted Pendral’s forces, their wolf and boar riders began to pound the earth with dull thudding as hooves and paws charged southward amidst demonic cries of bloodlust. 
Where Pendral’s lightning bolts fell, striking the gigantic, black-skinned forms of the Morhidrahl in jagged burning blades, the demons became skeletons of pure light, before being split from shoulder to waist in chaotic explosions and splattering of thick dark blood. Although the bolts were an expression of Magic’s Floodgates being opened within Pendral’s soul, far more powerful than most wielders could create even in the Days of Old, these demons were harder than stone, and some survived those strikes of extreme flame, whereas a cluster of modern Rahkwel would be vaporized by such a bolt.
Those had all been an aftershock of what Pendral had really been aiming for. That Shadow Dragon had borne the brunt of the full force of that Bolt-Rain, a surging mass of incinerating heat and light striking and boring through the flesh and bones of that immense and deadly foe. Pendral had wasted no time there. If he had failed to take down that beast immediately, his forces could be wiped out in minutes by waves of Dragon-Flame. Shadow Dragons used fire to assault their enemies the way Archers drenched the fields with rain of Lightning-Arrows. Dragon-Flame was infinitely more deadly, devastating, and unstoppable. Most shields would not hold up long against the intense heat and force of a Shadow Dragon’s rage.
Pendral grinned to see the creature plummet from the sky with black wings wreathed in a blue electric glow. It gave a hollow roar before hitting the earth with a massive thud. That would not keep it down however, so almost instantly after it fell, he created Portal-Magic to allow his Eva’Hahlen warriors to surround the creature, with a few hundred Forsaken to increase the strength of their attack. But Pendral trusted none of these men and women to do what must be done, so he leapt through another Portal-Spell with Rayne in close step. Perhaps he still trusted his son, and his father also. In his mind he offered a prayer that his father was still alive.

***
Rayne leapt from the Portal-Magic after his father, to see the massive black lizard stirring its serpentine neck, tail and torso, as massive black claws grated against the field of deep green. Morning light touched its thick dark scales like fire in shadow, the creature glistened as if wet, though it was not bleeding, despite the force of the blow Pendral had dealt it.
Pendral signalled to the surrounding Eva’Hahlen that leapt through Pendral’s own, and other Portal-Spells surrounding the creature. The beast had landed on the northern side of the city, unfortunately, meaning they were now very close to the northern horde of demons clustered about the city walls. The Dark Elves began to hammer the skull and torso of the creature with rain of Acid-Arrows, these shafts burned like black ink, tinged with crimson. Yet even a savage assault of thousands of burning shafts did little to disrupt the dragon’s recovery. It was beginning to push itself into a stance, when Pendral struck again, after signalling to Rayne it was time to summon Odin.
A lance of pure magnificent-blue inferno touched down from the heavens directly above the skull of the lizard beast. The blaze was two paces wide, burning white hot in the centre. It struck the creature upon the top and centre of the skull, right above the brain. Yet despite stunning the beast enough to plant its bottom jaw to the floor, it remained unharmed, the blast did not penetrate that incredibly tough armour plating.
Rayne roared the name, ‘Odin!’ And the Battle Angel fell from the sky to plant a burning silver spear into the skull, just as Pendral’s attack vanished. Odin touched down like a Giant made of Angel-Magic, feathered white wings graced his massive shoulder blades, rising like a great eagle of impossible size. The weight of his strike shook the earth in soft rumbles as the Shadow Dragon’s skull was fused with the earth aflame. 
Standing over twelve feet tall, Odin’s armour was blazing gold and glimmering cobalt, emanating the strength of the greatest of Battle Angels, ever! Boots of deep blue surrounded by Angel-Magic stomped the skull of the dragon, while Odin drew the spear to plunge again. Dark scales deflected a beam of energy that could fry the moon. 
Acid-Arrows continued to thud against its dark hide, legs, and neck, while they avoided shooting at Odin on the skull. Rayne wondered if he should summon Tohka Reiden when Pendral released a charging boar formed of blue fire, the size of a barn, that gored the side of the dragon with its massive blazing tusks. The force of the shove tumbled the dragon over once and a half, and Odin was crushed for the moment under the rolling neck and skull.
The dragon crushed the razorback in massive jaws of midnight steel, teeth, and fangs as tall a full-grown man. The pig squealed before collapsing into a mist of floating charcoal. 
Rayne struggled to keep his balance from the waves of corrupt vapour that blasted his senses from this ancient Demon-Souled monstrosity. It was as if the air was sending out heatwaves of burning darkness that was pure evil essence. To call them heatwaves described the way it hit you like the hottest summer day, but the feeling that washed over you made icicles of your bones, flesh half-frozen in terror. 
In the seconds that Odin was out of sight, the dragon had taken down the boar, and was evidently preparing to unleash a torrent of Dragon-Flame! Pendral opened Portal-Spells around the dragon like a hexagon of mirrors, as hundreds of warriors fled like fleeting shadows. But not all were fast enough. Rayne watched as a beam of black fire lanced from the jaws of the beast! Incineration sprayed in a wide arc—melting hundreds of Dark Elves and Forsaken warriors—before Odin planted the spear to fuse its jaws shut once more.
Rayne wanted to vomit from the stench of charred flesh as he looked to see the remains of boots and armour amidst bodies turned to charcoal or vaporized into nothing. The Forsaken had been holding Shield-Domes locked down in a large link. This meant there was no hope of defending against that Dragon-Flame. Rayne screamed, ‘Tohka Reiden!’

***
Pendral surrounded himself and Rayne in a Shield-Sphere that should have been able to withstand a few seconds of Dragon-Flame, giving them enough time to escape via Portal-Magic if needed. As Tohka Reiden took to the skies on clouds of silver, a lightning storm plummeted to the earth, scattering hundreds of the Morhidrahl riding boars and wolves, blasting demons to blood and ash.
At the same moment that Tohka Reiden formed a Link with Odin, Pendral and Rayne also joined in a smaller link of Angel-Magic, as Bolt-Rain shook the heavens amidst a savage clash of thunder echoing into the horizon. A thousand bolts of pure blazing vehemence thudded into the Shadow Dragon and the demon army further to the south and southeast. A thousand bolts every flickering second of burning brilliance.
Tohka Reiden thudded into the neck of the dragon with blazing blue bolts: javelins of crystal burning. At the same moment Odin lifted his form high into the sky, aiming a blinding bolt of pure white flame that struck the skull of the beast like the Fist of God.
Pendral used his matter manipulation ability to form massive thick wedges of restraints like glowing iron shackles that pressed down around the hide, torso, neck, and jaw of the dragon. Rayne’s joining Pendral in their link allowed the necessary flows of teron to achieve enough strength to hold the beast in place.
Pendral should have thought of this earlier, and he was ashamed for his son to see Pendral allow the slaughter of so many faithful warriors. He would pay the price of guilt long after this battle was done.
Electric blue bolts clutched and writhed around the scaled black Demon-Soul as the creature shuddered from the force of Angel-Magic that should have been melting its flesh to a bubbling pool. Knowing there was no way of putting a dent in those invincible black scales, Pendral decided there was only one option left to him.
This was something he’d explained to Rayne beforehand, and with a wave to his son, Pendral used a Portal-Spell to transport himself inside the chest of the Shadow Dragon. Knowing that a blast of Dragon-Flame would incinerate him in seconds. The core of the beast was hotter than midday under a summer sun, the air thick with an acid heat and the corrosive element of evil essence that radiated from the beast.
He landed directly in front of the creature’s heart, while an intricate Shield-Sphere surrounded his form shutting him out from the burning heat, that still penetrated his Shield-Spell to a degree, as he planted his blade hard down into the heart of the dragon, that was larger than a wagon, formed of red crystal-flesh veined in black. At the same moment that the blade touched the heart, Pendral focused an immense source of teron through the blade to penetrate that diamond-flesh. At the same moment that he’d punched the heart with enough force to make the earth erupt in burning chasms. Light filled his vision enough to make an Angel tremble!

***
Rayne gasped when his father fell from the wound that split the dragon’s chest wide open, falling to the ground covered in a sloppy red goo like a baby from the womb. There had been no great explosion or flames, other than a very loud rumbling as the dragon broke free of its restraints and rolled onto its side, only seconds before its chest ripped open in a red line. Pendral bursting free as Odin finally managed to put a dent in the creature’s skull. The Spear of Odin planted deep within the dragon’s brain cavity, flames erupting and coils of lightning surging around its dark scaled form before the entire body crumbled into black ash: floating on the winds of a rising storm.
Waves of ki’mera in its richest form flowed out in all directions towards the remaining Dark Elves and Forsaken that had dealt damaging blows to the beast, though most of those glowing orbs of colour flowed into Pendral and also Rayne and his Angels. It was a vast surge of demon souls that filled Rayne with torrents of Angel-Magic, though his father did not wake from his own supply. He felt he could lift a mountain with his bare hands and hurl it a hundred leagues. With the amount of teron it provided him, that might even be possible.
Rayne rushed to Pendral’s side, using Portal-Magic to make the leap, as Rayne and the other warriors had remained several hundred feet away from the dragon’s body during the attack, and despite this distance those Alit’aren Shield-Domes had not managed to defend hundreds of lost victims. There had been female Dark Elves amongst those hundreds scorched into dust. Rayne was more than glad he’d insisted that Rievenna remain with the second wave of reinforcements. Mostly formed of Heroes of Will that could be spared for Pendral’s forces. There were about one hundred and thirty Heroes that guarded his beloved along with a host of Alit’aren, Ael Tarael, as well as Forsaken and Dark Elves in the thousands. 
His father was unconscious, but still breathing, and his heartbeat was slow. Rayne lifted his shoulders to rest Pendral’s head in his lap. The sticky sludge gave off a ghastly odour, but Rayne brushed fingers over his father’s face to remove enough to ensure his nostrils and lips were not clogged. Pendral wore dark armour of stunning emerald, and an Aldebrand cloak with boots of lime steel, that were acquired from Hayley’s Eva’Hahlen warriors before starting this mission. He looked every bit the mighty and noble Magician-Hero that Rayne had heard of in so many stories as a young lad, long before he learnt that Pendral Dragon-Sword had been his true father.
Rayne shouted, ‘Reiden!’ and the colossal Angel rose from the earth as a vapor of energy, scooping Pendral up—who looked like a child in the arms of an adult man when Tohka Reiden held him gently as he stood. ‘Get him out of here!’ Rayne commanded. ‘See that he is cared for until he awakens. Go!’ The sliver haired Angel appeared unwilling to leave Rayne unprotected, even with Odin still nearby. But Rayne pointed to the nearby Portal-Spell he had opened—tall enough for Reiden to pass through—and with a rumbling tone of regret the Battle Angel fetched Pendral’s blade, and after sheathing the weapon with delicate Giant’s fingers he obeyed. That Portal-Spell took Pendral back behind the lines of defenders within Hayley’s regiments that defended the river to the south. There his father could rest and hopefully recover enough strength to re-join the battle here.
Odin’s Bolt-Rain still thudded into the raging Morhidrahl. Blades of menacing fire, jagged and immense, blasted the demon forces with unrelenting fervour. Rayne added more lightning to the assault, as he turned to see hundreds of the beasts closing range, some still riding those massive black boars and wolves, grunting and howling with savage ferocity, while others charged on muscular hooved legs to pound the earth in thunderous tremors. 
Where lightning met with demons or their mounts, the dark-skinned bodies shuddered from the force of each strike, blazing skeletons erupted in white fire, bursting into rivers of blood, flesh turning to vaporous dust that soared on the wailing winds of Odin’s Revenge. 

***
Orion waited impatiently after both he and Tobin were escorted to rooms where they were allowed to stand guard over their female companions, but Orion wished to see with his own eyes who Tarz was preparing to rush to Hayley Martyr’s aid. Tarz had promised hundreds of thousands of his Forsaken warriors and wielders, but so far Orion had not seen any action from Tarz, and soon the man insisted they retire to these adequate chambers, without explaining his reasons other than he ‘had to think.’
Orion didn’t like it at all. He had a keen sense for when something seemed to stink, and this situation was brewing up something vile. We need to find out what Tarz is discussing with his men. Orion signalled in hand sign language. There were guards outside the door with immortal hearing, they would know if there was whispering, but the women were talking loudly enough that they would have trouble filtering the men’s voices through the heavy wooden doors and thick stone walls. At times, the two men used the hand signals of an intricate ancient language of signs to communicate, other times they whispered false versions of their supposed intentions. If they did not speak at all, that would raise suspicions from the guards, and they were surely loyal to Tarz in every respect. At times they would growl or yawn as time passed to show they were frustrated with their almost imprisonment. 
It was all very fishy!
Janeanne sat looking more than forlorn over the loss of her real parents. Orion’s pain was stark every time he looked at his darling adopted daughter’s brave and bewildered expressions. Elmira sat next to Janeanne with an arm over her shoulder, Lydia sat to one side and Isabelle and Terese were standing close by. ‘That bloody madman!’ Terese was saying in a controlled tone of fury. ‘How many times did I warn Jean that Adem was too dangerous to get close to? I worried myself sick for all those years we first spent together, trying to keep them apart. Now we have lost the Daughter of Thor. The situation seems utterly hopeless.’
‘We cannot know for certain that Jean is actually...’ Lydia glanced at Janeanne apologetically, ‘she might still be alive and well, somewhere.’
‘Or somewhen,’ Terese agreed. ‘I bloody well hope so, for Adem’s sake, if he ever returns from whatever hell that fist dragged him into.’
‘You think Mother could really still be alive?’ Janeanne asked in a state of elation. She wiped a tear from her cheek before saying, ‘I don’t think Father would be in hell, yet. Though he would deserve it if Mother really is gone.’
We need to get a message to Kien Modrellock. This time they spoke only with hand signs. Orion explained that, Adem said Kien was suspicious of Tarz.
He suspected Tarz murdered Torin? Tobin signed in question.
Orion’s stare indicated he did not need to even nod in reply. ‘So, how are we to spend our time cooped up like a pair of roosters watching over the hens?’ Tobin asked in a loud deep tone. 
‘I could use a nice hot bath and a change of garments,’ Orion replied touching the tip of his nose, his voice also loud but not too obvious. ‘You think we can leave the women unguarded long enough to smoke a pipe and grab a bite at least?’
‘You boys run along and have your bath time,’ Terese stated in feigned exasperation. ‘I’ll have no trouble trying to keep watch over these chirpy chicks!’ The ladies all grinned as Orion and Tobin walked to knock on the door. When it opened, the tall Torvellen glared with dark eyes and asked, ‘Is there anything that you gentlemen need?’
Orion mouthed the word ‘gentlemen’ under his breath.
This man was your people’s King long before your grandfather was ever imagined, sonny!’ Tobin bellowed with a scowl. ‘And you greet him with “anything you gentlemen need?” I should belt you out of your boots right where you stand!’ Tobin emulated the mock behaviour of the embattled half-senile pensioner before Orion intervened to say with a calm tone, ‘My dear old chum and I wish to stretch our legs, grab a pipe, a bite and maybe have our baths drawn. Would that be something you could assist a couple old badgers with, sonny?’
The Torvellen’s expression implied he saw through their little charade. Which is just as Orion and Tobin had wanted him to react.

***
When Tobin slid himself into the adequately warm tub of soapy water, he lifted a large cigar from the small table beside the copper bath. Orion was seated in an identical tub beside him, their fresh change of Alit’aren black garments and previous black plated cuirass, pauldrons, greaves, and gauntlets sitting beside the tables with fresh towels. 
The guard at the door grimaced when Orion requested a little brandy to be brought in with a platter of venison, breads, and gooey white crust cheese from the southwestern vineyard regions. ‘Make sure it’s from the reserve,’ Tobin boomed with cigar flourished in right hand. ‘A Ruhalden Edeleine Port should suffice.’ That should be fairly easy for them to find, though it was also fine enough for the tastes of former Immortal Kings. The cigars had already been provided courtesy of General Tarz. ‘I can’t light up without a good drop to go with it.’ Tobin and Orion did not suspect the man would try to poison them, yet. So, they made their requests before the guard slammed the door after an irritated glare for the both of them.
Before the man exited Orion also demanded, ‘Have someone bring refreshments to my Lady’s room. Fruit, wine and cheese and crackers. Oh, and my darling Janeanne is terribly upset at present, could you send the lad Kien? Son of Torin? He used to babysit the girl when she was younger. They have a connection.’ The man had simply nodded with an annoyed running of fingers through dark spiked hair. This series of events and what followed after were all part of a meticulous plan devised by the two men with their wives watching their hand signals like hawks, earlier in the previous chamber. 

***
Kien waited till the guard opened the door to allow him entrance to the chambers where Lady Lydia and Elmira were being held. There was no better word for it. He entered with a bottle of fine wine in one hand, a basket of refreshments looped over his other arm. Lydia and Elmira asked casual questions about the age and region of the wine, while signalling to Kien in hand signs of Tobin and Orion’s plan.
Kien was relieved to have allies like the wives of Orion Demon-Slayer and Tobin Fire-Heart. These men and the women that had ruled as Immortal Queens alongside them for hundreds of years were legends within history. So long he’d been confined in this system of mind and soul control, under the oppression of Tarz and his corrupted army. Kien had been suspicious of Tarz for many years, since the unusual circumstances surrounding his father, Torin’s, death. His father had been murdered, that was well known, but the suspicious nature of the event was that Torin had been butchered with a sharp blade, the knife still plunged into his blood-soaked chest when Kien had found him the next morning. It suggested not only that his father had been Shielded-Trapped and blocked from teron before the attacker sprung. But that his father very likely had also been in the presence of those he thought he could trust before the attack occurred. 
Lydia signed these concerns, confirming that they knew Kien had discussed these matters with Jean Fairsythe. The sign used was The Daughter of Thor, for Jean Fairsythe, and Kien was most displeased to find her missing. The rumours had already begun to spread, that Adem Highlander had murdered his own wife. Kien spoke in a calm tone about the province of the wine, ‘It is not a vintage unfortunately, but a taste of high regard in high circles.’ At the same time Kien signed that they had his full attention. The look on every woman’s face was hard and deadly serious. 

***
Hayley rode the great white wolf Shadowhunter, once known to serve Balor Evil Eye. Why the wolf had come to serve her, she did not know or understand. But she would use every tool and weapon at her disposal to find a path to victory. She charged through the masses of Morhidrahl, the wolf biting chunks from limbs and torsos, ripping dark snake shaped skulls from neck and shoulders in brilliant black sprays. 
Beside Hayley her two Battle Angels hovered above each shoulder, Hawks of enchanted fire tearing through demon souls with vehement retaliation. Druantia soared on emerald wings, hair of dark flame: black eyes lit forest green. Her massive jade bow unleashed torrents of Lightning-Arrows that struck their victims like Hammers of the Gods, blasting dark flesh apart in flares of pale green: blazing emerald skeletons collapsed into burning black dust.
Enserah brought a storm of pure white lightning bolts that ripped skulls apart, split torsos or ripped bodies in half in flashes of burning brilliance amidst a roar of chaotic thunder. Her daughter was a beacon of white energies, wreathing her dark feathered wings: sizzling her streaming black hair that flowed around her form like live serpents. Demons fell in waves, turned to burning ash with her gaze. Lightning of a thousand bolts per half-breath feathered the fields like blazing arrows: planting demon flesh into the fiery dirt. A raging flow of lightning also tore through the chests and skulls of any demons that opposed Hayley upon the field, if her Angel-Wolf did not see to it first.
The bulk of her forces were positioned behind the river that would block this demon army from advancing on the Free Lands, for a day or two at least. She would not risk them at this point in time—her forces were limited and drained, they needed sleep—and had decided she would use her Angels to get a better look at this demon threat. She’d seen enough!
Druantia informed her that Pendral was now held by Rayne’s Angel, Reiden, on the west side of the river, and that he was currently unconscious. The battle was too hot to turn back now, so she simply commanded, Take him to where Tarz is organizing his troops. I do not have time to deal with Pendral right now. Tarz would see that Pendral received Healing-Magic for whatever ailed him. She needed to seek out what was driving this demon army. She almost shivered to wonder what the equivalent of a Souljhin General would look like amongst these Demons of the Old Ways Magic. 
Green Men charged through the fields on either side of Shadowhunter. The Leaf Giants smashed through demon flesh, tearing bodies in half, or pushing Morhidrahl to the ground. Ripping skulls free in bursts of black blood. Others clubbed at the demons, spreading a flame of jade green, becoming Dwarves hacking through flesh and bone with burning axes. Some of those fires took form of stocky Emerald Giants planting massive shining axe-heads in chests, throats, and skulls. Demon flesh collapsed in piles of smoking sulphur.
Ki’mera fed Hayley an endless source of an ancient and intense form of revitalizing magic. The howls of thousands of those deadly wolves could be heard, the same as those they had faced earlier in the forest battles. From what she could sense faintly in the distant east, it assured her of two things. Her husband was waiting out there, and he was not being held prisoner. 


Chapter 15

 Legends within History

Adem woke in a cold sweat, bleeding, he was surely dying. Joel had done his best to apply bandages with torn shirt sleeves, but the bleeding hadn’t stopped. He heard shouts in the distance, they were in the tunnels. Joel was pulling Adem by the shoulders through the network of round concrete tubes barely tall enough for a man to stand.
Occasionally he thought he saw flashlights. They were getting close. He heard dogs too. They had his scent. 
Eventually the pain was unbearable. He told Joel to stop for a moment. They crouched in the darkness. Sounds of pursuit growing louder.
Then a tall figure was standing beside them. He didn’t see the man approach. He was tall, impossibly tall. But he was not mortal. He was Elf Kin. 
‘I can hold them off for you.’ The man spoke in a rough tone. Adem took a moment to recognise the voice. It was the vampire he’d allowed to escape a similar network of tunnels when they searched to rescue the young man Alex. ‘It should buy you enough time to escape.’
‘Why?’ It was the only question Adem could think to ask.
The vampire turned, his eyes black shards like wet ink. ‘We all long for a fitting end to our story. I came because I learnt of their plans. I wanted you to have another chance.’ The vampire drew a blade that glimmered like slivers of the moon.
‘Thank you,’ was all Adem could say, before Joel was dragging him further, down a new network of tunnels.
‘Till we meet again. Adem Highlander.’

*** 
Carl’s team of drivers slowed to a halt above a ridgeline that overlooked a tunnel opening. He knew from his senses that Adem was in that series of tunnels. Carl crouched on the back of a ute tray; a Sabre-Tooth machine gun raised on a tripod behind his head. 
Gunshots rang out moments after they stopped at the ridge. The Sabre roared with ferocity in retaliation. Other Jeep riders hung from windows spraying machine gun fire in the direction that the shots had been fired. They would provide cover for Adem to escape.
But Carl sensed Adem was not fit for running, or even walking at this stage. He leapt over the side of the ute, charging down into the valley towards the opening of the large drainpipe. Adem was close, he could feel it. He could almost see him.
As Carl ran rifle bullets ricocheted off the stone surroundings as he made his way into the valley. Carl was older than most immortals had ever lived, but his flesh was still firm. He swiftly made his way through a series of tunnels, shouting out to Adem, ‘It’s Carl Wilder! I’m here to rescue you!’ He heard dogs barking further down a nearby tunnel, gun fire and men screaming in terror. Finally, he heard a man gasp, only metres from the edge of the next tunnel. He made out the shape of two men crouched in the shadows, but his senses already told him it was Adem before his friend shouted, ‘I’m here, Carl! I’m hurt!’ 

*** 
Adem lay back on the tray of the ute, his head rested in Carl’s lap as the wheels spun: burning smoke on their exit. Gunshots rang out, but they were long gone before then. The sound of pursuit continued as he heard Carl speaking to Joel. The words sounded fuzzy to Adem’s ears, but he knew they were talking about his condition.
‘…hasn’t got much time left…’ he heard Carl saying.
‘…bastards got him while he was trying to save me!’ Joel was shouting over the machine-gun’s roar.
Carl placed his hands and fingers around Adem’s skull, and Adem felt a prickling electrical sensation enter his mind and body. A blazing golden-red sunset was touching the horizon. He saw flashes of many things, events past, present and future, from this world, and also from Kismeria…
Glimmer!
Teron was a blizzard of erupting volcanoes surging through a system of organs and veins, muscle and bone that was removed from the corruption of teron via the miracle potion. Those small sips he’d taken, combined with the Staff, gave him enough strength in Angel-Magic to tear the earth into shreds, raising mountains from the seas and turning mountains into valleys. 
Before unleashing the Angel-Magic, he noticed a vast Portal-Spell ringed by a white glow appear directly above him in the sky, over three hundred feet or higher over his head. A swarm of vampires were also seen flying close to the Portal-Magic, then they seemed to flee his wrath in terror, flying through the opening by the hundreds if not thousands.
A speeding object tore through the surface of the plateau and reached out for Adem like a giant fist of stone and soil, grasping his Shield-Sphere like a marble in an adult hand. He was dragged down through the mountain and into the earth at incredible speed. The walls around him spread out then reformed as if in time with the movement of the giant hand that clutched him without hope of escape. He struck the hand and vine covered brown arm with torrents of teron, but though fire and lightning encased the hand and limb, it was to no avail. He was unable to break free.
It seemed he was boring into the centre of the earth, or perhaps close to it, when he found himself looking up into the face of a Giant the size of the Battle Angels of Ancient Days. The creature must have towered over eighty feet tall, rounded belly and thick limbs that could have been formed from smoothed clay, wrapped in leaves and vines, fruits and flowers, with the same arrangement for long ladylike hair, and two black seeds for eyes the size of wagon wheels.
Glimmer!
That giant Earth Spirit was gazing down at Adem with open curiosity and perhaps a short temper brewing in those hazelnut eyes. After a time, she spoke, though the language was in Elf Tongue, so Adem insisted he could not understand, as Arawn had become separated from him when he was captured.
‘Oh, you speak the Mortal Tongue, then, do you?’ The Angel woman asked in a rasping tone. ‘In the Old Days, many mortals still knew the Ancient Tongue, though you are not from here, are you?’
‘I’m from Earth,’ Adem replied. ‘Why have you captured me?’
‘To be rid of you!’ The woman snapped, then gave a hearty chuckle. ‘You are a pest in the nest!’
‘I’m one of the Sons of Odin,’ Adem insisted. 
‘Yes, yes, I know of you, but you almost destroyed my world. You would have cracked us open like an egg thrown at the wall. I helped make this world.’ 
‘I’m sorry,’ Adem admitted. ‘I am in terrible pain!’ He almost shouted the last with rage. Then he had a moment of clarity, as if he could remember this event happening before…
Glimmer!
Adem fell from the sky, flew through the heavens, he was burning in hellfire, bathed in pure light... Adem woke in his bedroom, the bedroom of his parent’s house! He realised when he turned on the light switch, after failing three times to wield teron to light a sphere of flame.
He gazed about in wonder. What happened? Where is Carl and Wil? Where is Jea—as memory returned, he suddenly found himself on the floor gazing up at the light that was now spotted with dark flecks in his vision; he’d taken a nasty fall and smashed his skull. He screamed, but it was not for the pain of falling, he realised in horror that he had ... he had killed ... I killed Jean? ‘I killed my wife!’ Tears filled his eyes, falling from his face as the door opened. His mother stood in the doorway.
‘What madness are you rambling, Adem! What’s wrong with you? You have no wife!’ 
Her words struck him like a gong, but the pain in his soul burned with new fire, and he screamed again, clawing at his face as if wishing he could rip the skin clean off.
 ‘Jason, he’s been at it again. This time I say we kick him out!’
What is going on? Adem thought, his mind reeling in shock and pure agony. ‘What is this place?’ he asked in disbelief. ‘Where am I?’ What the hell is going on here?
Glimmer!
Adem felt Carl touching his skull with those electrical vibrations, as if Carl were trying to see into his mind. But it was not that exactly, he later realised. Carl was using some gift of Angel-Magic, that he was still able to wield here on Earth, to reverse time within Adem’s mind…
Glimmer!
‘What have you learnt from it all?’ The great Earth spirit was asking Adem, clutching him like an acorn in her palms.
‘What?’ Adem asked.
‘What did you learn?’
‘Learn? What do you mean?’
‘Not good enough,’ the elderly voice croaked, as a light encircled Adem in blazing colours.
Glimmer!
‘What madness are you rambling, Adem? It’s three in the morning! What’s wrong with you? You have no wife!’ 
His Mother’s words struck him like a gong, but the pain in his soul burned with new fire. He screamed, clawing at his face. Wishing he could rip the skin clean off.
 ‘Jason, this time I say we kick him out!’
What is going on? Adem thought, his mind reeling in shock. What the hell is going on here?
Glimmer!
Adem saw dark shapes circling overhead, shadows with batwings the size of men. The Sabre-Tooth spat bullet shells with violent rage. Roaring like a pride of lions. Adem was losing consciousness. A darkness was taking over his vision. Carl’s face grew dim…
‘Hold on, Adem!’ Carl was saying. ‘Focus on what you can see and hear.’
Glimmer!
‘What did you learn, Odin Son?’ Sometimes the great Earth-Spirit would place him under a kind of massive crystal drinking goblet, where he was still unable to wield Portal-Magic to fight or escape. It seemed that hours passed as he was trapped in that glazed red sphere. Days even. Then she would return to ask again, ‘What have you learnt?’
‘Why do you keep asking me that?’ Adem cried, held by Gaia, he was as helpless as a lamb to slaughter. ‘I learnt that…you can’t change the past!’
‘Oh, but you can,’ Gaia replied, hazel eyes turning soft as she gazed down like a caring mother. ‘Tell me something that can’t be changed.’
‘I don’t know,’ Adem spluttered. ‘You can’t change the weather.’
‘Yes, you can!’ The Earth Spirit gave a deep sigh. ‘I grow weary of this game, mortal. Tell me what I need to hear, or I will end it here and now!’
Adem perceived a clear threat in her tone.
‘You can’t mend what is truly broken!’ Adem shouted. ‘So, no matter how much you are hurting, when you’ve broken something that can’t be mended, you can’t take it out on others by hurting them too!’
‘Good answer,’ Gaia smiled with chestnut lips of deep-emerald vines and brown wooden branches. ‘You are free to go.’
Adem stared in wonder at the gracious being, ‘Thank you, Gaia, I won’t forget you!’
‘Just don’t go trying to crack my world like an eggshell,’ Gaia replied with the voice of a soft summer storm. ‘And remember, anyone can change the past. It’s just that most don’t have the strength to know how.’
Adem bowed deeply, feeling teron seep back into his form as he stood with feet planted on a palm of wooden planks the size of an eight-wheel wagon. With a delicate grip of the other hand, she mended the break in the Staff of Rejuvenation and Ruination. Handing it to him with a warm smile. He made a flourishing gesture with the legs of his robe, then formed a Portal-Spell to get out of there as fast as he could jump!

***
Tobin and Orion continued their nonchalant charade while waiting for their Edeleine Port to arrive. When the man entered, he displayed the bottle while talking of its fruits and region, stating that it was definitely from the reserve. At the same time, the slender dark eyed Torvellen made many hand gestures to sign that he was a friend of Kien Modrellock. That he had been sent as a replacement of the first man that was fetching the port, after Kien spoke in signs with Tobin and Orion’s wives. There were other specific codes passed from the women to Kien and then to this friend, to assure Tobin and Orion that they were not being tricked by one of Tarz’s spies. This man was Forsaken, but his loyalties were evidently closely tied to Kien and his followers.
After some discussion of what was to take place next, Tobin lit both his own and Orion’s cigars, at the same time that he released a significant amount of Angel-Magic around the room, mainly in the form of Fire-Magic. The door swung open, and the guard peered in with a narrow gaze. What he saw were Orion and Tobin puffing away on cigars blazing—half the length of each cigar was fiery red embers—with the thick curtains behind them aflame in brilliant orange. ‘Sorry about that, sonny,’ Tobin said with a grin, ‘was lighting these beauties when I lost control of the flows.’ He pounded his left fist against his heart. ‘Had a little surge of teron.’ Then with a gesture, he extinguished the flames. The guard gazed around the room with open suspicion. He glared at the messenger, who humbly acknowledged the man with a tilt of his head and a placid expression. The guard closed the door.
What the guard had not picked up on, was that the kusazuri style pauldrons and kote style gauntlets worn by the messenger was now slightly different, though still all black on black garments. This was because Kien Modrellock was the messenger, now wearing a disguise of the messenger’s face and hair. They had looked similar to begin with which helps these kinds of tricks. When Tobin had unleashed the surge in teron, Kien had opened a Portal-Spell, linked to a device held by the messenger, and in an Aelfin Microsecond, they had exchanged places. The messenger was now in a storeroom somewhere near where he had found the bottle of port. This is where Kien had formed the Portal-Magic. So far below anyone important it was unlikely to be noticed. Portal-Spells required significant amounts of Angel-Magic, and in a place like this, it was the sort of thing that got noticed first. Face masks of Illusion-Magic required much lower amounts of teron. Likewise, the guards would have detected Kien wielding if he had worn the disguise and attempted to enter through the front door. Approaching guards while holding Angel-Magic was considered rude, and if not hostile, at least quite suspicious. With Tobin still holding so much Angel-Magic before the guard closed the door, it appeared their little ruse was working so far. 
Kien signed the necessary codes to ensure the men that he was who they believed him to be, and a friend. My father was very fond of the both of you. The man signed with solemn eyes. He was loyal to your kingdoms until the end.
He was a dear friend, Orion signed in reply, and we miss him greatly.
After some further discussion about how the men would like to drink their port—Kien used minor wielding of teron to emulate the voice of the messenger who he had replaced—and if the glasses he had brought were suitable, the men began signing furiously to instruct Kien that he would need to sneak close enough to Tarz’s office to hear what the men were talking about.
We need to know why he isn’t sending his forces to the battlefront, Tobin insisted. We cannot leave here without creating too much suspicion. You will need to do this, Kien. 
Sneaking around outside the castle walls in broad daylight is difficult at the best of times, Kien signed in reply. Tarz has the entire watch on full alert. But I will do as you ask.
When the man exited through another Portal-Spell, as the messenger returned to take his place, Tobin wielded another minor torrent of teron. The guard swung the door wide and glared at all with sureness that foul deeds were afoot.  
‘Just reheating the tubs, sonny!’ Tobin boomed, tapping his chest again. ‘Got a bit of a chill.’
‘It’s the Borderland summer,’ the guard replied with a sneer.
‘Is it, my young lad?’ Tobin chuckled. ‘Are you sure?’ With the recent warps of seasons and timelines, Tobin himself couldn’t even be sure. It had been snowing during the forest battles. But that was several hundred miles west of the Green Border. And in the Borderlands, you nearly always felt as if you were baking in a kiln. The bathroom was cool enough for the lie to work though, it seemed. ‘The way things are going lately it could be Winter before the Dawn.’ He grinned like a black maned lion, holding his sheathed sword hilt up above the edge of the bathtub. The guard gently reclosed the door in a nervous retreat.

***
Kien Modrellock was an adept spy. His father had taught him from a young age. Read peoples’ facial expressions, look for signs of guilt, shame, treachery, and so on. Always wear a mask of pure serenity and bashful obedience amongst your superiors. Do not let them see that you suspect them in any way. These were rules his father Torin had taught him.
An Aldebrand cloak would be needed for this mission, and the garment of the ghoda’sidhe. He would need to be invisible to scale the outer walls of the castle towers where Tarz held most private meetings with his generals. Kien prepared his clothing, taking time to check that he had all the necessary weapons at his disposal. He would take his longsword, hidden beneath the cloak, but the bow was too big, too encumbering for the mission.
No one could be allowed to see him wearing the garments, and in the hallways, he may be detected. So, he slung all the garments into a sack he wore over his shoulders. He would make it well known that he was preparing to leave for a time, and therefore make a show of packing belongings. He packed a small cart with foodstuffs, blankets, and the like, parading the cart along behind him as he walked the halls with dignified pride in his role as a servant of Lord Captain-General Tarz of the Forsaken Alit’aren and Ael Tarael.
He made brief conversation when necessary, stopping only if a passer-by made remarks about his apparent departure. Yes, he was going to take some time to visit his relatives in the west. No, he did not know when he would return. The absence from duty had already been cleared by Tarz’s Generals earlier in the month, which provided the perfect excuse for the subterfuge, as without permission, Kien would be executed as a deserter. The fact that the time away had been organized this month was pure coincidence, though Kien was planning to leave. He was not planning on returning.
He made his way to the lower levels of the keep, walking casually, bowing when necessary, a nod here, a wave there. Just another day in service to his people. 
When the opportunity arose however, when there was a stretch of hallway with no prying eyes in sight, he slipped through a basement entrance doorway. After making his way so far below the castle that no one was likely to sense him wielding Angel-Magic, he delivered the cart to a small town where his grandmother sat in a rocking chair knitting a sweater. She smiled at him as he stepped through the Portal-Spell into her living room. He left without a word, returning to a walkway some distance from his point of interest.
He was already invisible when he returned to the Borderland walkways, after changing into the ghoda’sidhe and Aldebrand cloak to hide his form. His Portal-Spell was intricately designed so that although a trained wielder would likely sense Angel-Magic was being wielded nearby, any that was looking where Kien appeared would barely notice the warps of space via Air-Magic, effectively his return was also invisible. He had opened the Portal-Magic at a blind spot where he was able to step directly onto a ledge of stone that skirted the walls of a tower.
He wasted no time making his way to the higher levels of the keep, while watching for the dozens of guards that patrolled the walkways and tower windows surrounding Tarz’s meeting rooms. This type of expert climbing was another technique his father, Torin, had taught Kien from a young age. A spy must be able to scale whatever walls and keeps that are necessary to obtain whatever information he requires. These were his father’s words.
The cloud cover was black and terrible, scarlet side-winding thunderbolts piercing the heavens. The lightning storm would aid his escape, though the light rain and icy winds whipped his cloak about making it more difficult to remain unseen. 
When he reached the ledge of Tarz’s meeting chamber, he placed a small device shaped like a cup against the wall, pressing his ear to it. It was an enhanced version of the rather less sophisticated cup against wall listening trick, using Angel-Magic to give a clear sharp detection of sound without requiring teron to be wielded to achieve the trick. There were no windows, as Tarz was wary of spies, though Kien was not foolish enough to try spying through a window, so he was blind in terms of what the men were signing to each other through the walls. Kien’s ability to wield was also self-shielded to hide his presence from Tarz, who would otherwise sense a wielder spy was scaling the castle walls outside his chamber.

***
Lord Captain-General Tarz sat at his writing desk, looking over a large map of the Borderlands, marked with positions of the invading demon forces. He knew he had to act swiftly, but he needed to preserve his forces for the Ragnarök Battle. This was the reason for his reluctance to send a large force of wielders to aid Hayley Martyr. 
He rubbed his temples as a fierce headache returned. Those had been common since the early days of the Schism within teron. In truth, he had also experienced blackouts on many occasions. Things were revealed to him after those blackouts that suggested he had lost control somehow, as if he were still active while being unconscious. 
General Jen Terendel stood over the desk with a grim expression. The room was empty otherwise, a large meeting chamber with dark stone walls lined with long-bladed spears. 
‘When do we strike, my lord?’ Jen asked.
‘I need time,’ Tarz replied.
There was a knock at the door. ‘Enter,’ Tarz responded. Rolin Trex entered with dark eyes glistening near madness. So many were already tipping over the edge. ‘What is it?’ Tarz barked.
‘Lord Pendral Dragon-Sword has been brought to the keep, my Lord General,’ the man replied nervously.
‘Send him to me,’ Tarz commanded, but Rolin shook his head.
‘Pendral is unconscious,’ the messenger said. ‘He was wounded in battle.’
‘I will see to him shortly,’ Tarz said with a grimace. ‘No one is to attempt Healing-Magic on him without my word on it. Understood?’ Rolin nodded, shifting from one foot to another. ‘What else?’ Tarz asked.
‘Kien Modrellock has departed on sabbatical,’ Rolin said. ‘He took his leave two days earlier than previously allowed.’
‘Detain him,’ Tarz replied, then the man exited and closed the door.
‘Kien,’ Tarz mused, almost to himself, ‘do we have any reason to suspect him of any treachery?’
‘His father was murdered,’ Jen replied expressionless. ‘He has been under careful watch ever since.’
‘What happened to his father?’ Tarz asked, to which Jen gasped in wonder.
‘You ordered it, my lord,’ was Jen’s reply.
‘What madness are you spouting man?’ Tarz thumped the desk with an open palm. ‘Why would I order such a thing?’
‘His father was a spy, my lord. How can you not remember?’
Tarz rubbed his temples, his headache was burning something serious, a pain like a blade shoved through the side of his skull. ‘I’ve been…not myself lately.’ He reached for the gourd of potion, tipping it back with mouth open. It was bone dry. Suddenly he felt what he imagined as a blue burning claw of ice reaching in through his back, clutching his heart in an iron vice. It was one of those familiar moments that always occurred before he lost consciousness.

***
Kien felt Angel-Magic wielded slightly as the room was closed off from spying listeners. Tarz had obviously wielded the spell. But Kien’s listening device was capable of still hearing their voices within the Sound-Shield. He listened with a chill going up his spine as both Tarz and then Jen’s voices changed, to a deeper and savage tongue. It was the voice of a psychotic, though Kien knew enough to guess at the source.
Kien was still in shock to learn for certain that Tarz had ordered his father’s murder. But the words that followed nearly brought him to his knees. 
‘Fear not, Mottur’Ark,’ Tarz said in that alien tone. ‘I have this one under control again.’
‘I have this one, also, Dohro’Shahl,’ was Jen’s reply. Both men were speaking in those strange voices that assured Kien these men were under the control of possession demons. ‘What shall we do about Koriken?’ Jen’s demon asked.
‘We will send for our Brothers,’ Dohro’Shahl replied. ‘They will take him to Kerak’Otozi to be bathed in the High-Jinn’s Blessings once more.’
‘What of Hayley Martyr and her Dark Elves?’ Mottur’Ark asked.
‘Crush them!’ Tarz grunted. ‘They must be wiped out! To make way for our forces to invade.’
‘What of the royals and the Daughter-Heir?’ Jen asked in the voice of a corrupted soul. 
‘Execute them!’ Tarz commanded. ‘They must not be allowed to rebuild their armies under the monarchies of Nordhel and Tarvel. Highlander’s daughter will join Pendral. She is precious to the cause.’ As a massive red thunderbolt struck the distant fields, Kien leapt from the wall, creating a Portal-Spell at the same moment he pressed the small disc to alert Noldur Akor that he was returning to Tobin and Orion’s bathroom. 

*** 
Orion was dressing when Tobin wielded another surge to allow Kien to re-enter the room where the men had been bathing. Tobin was already dressed, and when the guard stuck his head in Tobin bellowed that he was, ‘Just lighting the fire, sonny!’
Kien signed all that he had learned once the guard shut the door on his exit. Pendral was being held in the keep, and Tarz did not want him touched by Healing-Magic. But worse than anything, Tarz and his generals were under the control of possession demons. Tarz is preparing to have you all executed! Kien signed, Except for Janeanne Highlander. He also plans to destroy Hayley Martyr and her Dark Elf Army.
Orion and Tobin wasted no time. They crafted Portal-Magic and the three men left before the guard opened the door. A moment later they were in the lounge where Lydia, Elmira, Terese, and Isabelle were guarding Janeanne. The women were alert and ready to move, just as Orion signed to Janeanne, Take us to Pendral, now! The door swung wide as the eight companions exited via another Portal-Spell in a flurry of burning light. 
Pendral was guarded by five Alit’aren, though Orion was pleased to see them re-sheath their weapons when the team arrived in his chamber. The man was spread across a bed, still wearing his emerald armour and Aldebrand cloak. Tobin moved to lift the man, as shouts sounded from outside. Orion attempted to create an escape Portal-Spell, just as Janeanne’s vanished. Orion gasped as he found he could not make the attempt. One of the black armoured Torvellen in the room explained, ‘They have Blockers. You won’t be able to open a Portal while they hold them in your proximity.’ Orion made another series of signs for the women, including a special message for Janeanne. These coded signs were identifiable only by Lydia, Elmira and Janeanne, a series of additional words devised over the years Janeanne grew up in Red River. The last sign was, We fight our way out! All three men and all five women were all still holding Angel-Magic. Orion and Tobin, Lydia and Elmira were also joined in a link. They could not be blocked from wielding, but those Blockers made it impossible to create Portal-Spells while those guards outside the door were still close by. 
The door burst into splinters as three black armoured swordsmen charged into the room. They were all dead and bleeding before they moved four feet from the doorway. Orion flicked his bloodstained sword to spatter the dark stone flooring, wiping the blade clean on a fallen man’s black coat. Angel-Magic would’ve taken them down more efficiently, but they would use blades as much as possible to avoid signalling their positions with powerful Angel-Magic of teron and terael.

Chapter 16


 Last of their Line

Elmira marched behind her husband as he cut a path to their freedom. Lydia and Elmira formed Shield-Spheres around their party to ensure the Forsaken attackers could not wound them with spells. Which left it mostly up to Orion to cut down the enemy with his gleaming blade marked in golden runes. Tigerblade was Orion’s father’s weapon before him, and the sword had been passed down through generations dating back to when Orion’s direct line were first Torvellen Kings.
Orion was born of Kings of Old, and the last of their lineage. They were an ancient people. Once proud and mighty. Ages ago when immortals and demons were forever at war. The blood of noble warriors flowed in his veins. Against these foes, he was unstoppable.
He moved like a phantom from one combatant to the next, slicing through armour and flesh as crimson blood sprayed in waves. These men were loyal to Tarz, and although they may not yet be truly mad, or under the control of possession demons, Orion was determined to break free. Any that stood in his path faced a swift execution.
Bolt-Lightning of deep blue was thrown at the former Torvellen King, but even without the aid of Elmira’s and Lydia’s Shield-Spells, he would not have been touched by such an assault. His abilities in Angel-Magic far surpassed any of these young amateurs. They were stones rolling under the force of an avalanche.
Tobin could not aid him, as he carried Pendral. The man still had not awoken, although Lydia had tried to provide him enough Healing-Magic to revive him to consciousness. Pendral and Tobin aiding Orion would have made this escape quick and simple, if not necessarily clean. She shuddered at another spray of red. Orion morphed through the hallway: golden blade hacking down the enemy with efficiency and ease. There was no ring of blade against blade, Orion was too fast and too skilled with the sword to even need to oppose their attempts to fight back, although they probably believed themselves to be the aggressors. The display was taking its toll on their confidence, however. They were beginning to fall back. Following in front and behind, but avoiding conflict with Orion as much as possible, without allowing them completely free passage through the halls.
Terese and Isabelle guarded the rear with blade and bow, and those that thought to attempt to cross that barrier soon realised it was better to follow at a safe distance. Janeanne could have cut this enemy down with her Burning Swordsmen, just as Orion could unleash Golden Tigers if he really wished to end this without effort. But there was the matter of honour to be considered. These warriors had served the Free Lands for a thousand years, holding back demon forces that would otherwise have destroyed the world a hundred times over. They would not slaughter men that were simply doing their duty, no matter how convoluted their interpretation of that duty may be. 
Those Blockers were the trouble. The size of a small round shield—a metallic disc of rings of green, red, and yellow—men carried them on the outer edges of the attacking lines of Forsaken. Each time a series of warriors fell to Orion’s blade, the shield wearers retreated further to allow more swordsmen to take up position in front of them. This meant that none of Elmira’s party were able to form Portal-Spells to assure their escape. There was always a backup plan with Orion and Tobin however, and this one involved a very large dragon. Janeanne had been able to locate Pendral due to their joined consciousness with the dragon Shienden’kroxus. Earlier, during the time that Orion and Tobin took their baths, Janeanne had summoned the great dragon to make its way towards the Borderland walls where they were being held. Elmira gazed skyward through the hallway ceiling as Shienden’s roar seemed to make the very stones in the wall vibrate. 

***
Hayley no longer rode the massive wolf Shadowhunter, as it seemed the creature required rest, returning to wherever it now resided. Instead she stood on the palm of one of her Green Men, wielding Angel-Magic in vast surges to vaporize demon scum that stood in her path. Morhidrahl wielding those burning axes and blades swung with menace at her and her sentinels, though Shield-Spheres maintained by Druantia and Enserah ensured there was no danger to Hayley at present.
Enserah was a blazing white torch with dark wings fanning as if a Lightning Crow had entered the battlefield. Her gaze wiped out Morhidrahl, and their similar sized cousins the Rohgorahl that were also present in smaller numbers. The stone-skinned creatures howled with bloodlust: wielding weapons that burned as if they held molten lava. But Enserah’s might was too incredible for even these deadly and ancient demons. They fell in swathes under the majesty of her terrible Darkness and Might, as if a heart wrenching music filled the air that was her joined by her daughter’s song of retribution and damnation for those that opposed the All-Father.
The resonance of that symphony was in the waves of blinding thunderbolts that threatened to tear the earth into a new sea. Druantia wielding her bow with Jade Lightning-Arrows that blasted the enemy into sheets and ribbons of crust and coal. 
It was then that her husband appeared, a warp of space revealing his terrifying form floating on a dark storm cloud, surrounded by his Battle Angels Gwydion and Dis Pater. The two Angels appeared wreathed in a corrupt mist that emanated about their forms where light should have flowed. Even Dis Pater’s golden axe had turned a disturbing midnight obsidian. 
Gwydion wielded a staff that burned in shadows, his cloak dark as ash and demon blood. Eyes of blazing red. But Wil was worse than either. He appeared taller than normal, also wreathed in a cloud of shadow. His eyes were blazing white orbs, garbed in spiked black armour similar to a Boli-Kuldr. Her chest was aflame. She shuddered with grief. He was without doubt a Servant of the Shadow! Hundreds of those shadow-cloaked wolves were gathered below his form, radiating evil in waves. Howls and snarls of an army forged in damnation.  

***
Rayne and what remained of his forces retreated further south of the demon army via Portal-Magic. There he met with Rievenna and the host of Heroes of Will, Children of Odin, and other Forsaken and Dark Elf protectors.
Rayne and Odin had made a significant dent in the demon ranks with Bolt-Rain incinerating the enemy into floating grey bone-ash. Now they took up their defences behind a fortification of stone walls standing thirty-seven feet tall, where Rayne and his commanders viewed the battle from a watchtower—that stood seventy feet high at the peak—behind the outer wall walkways. It was not much of a wall for holding off demons this tall, though the wielders created Shield-Domes surrounding the circular outer walls, which the Morhidrahl were now surrounding with an ambition to crush their defences and feast on Elven blood.  
Pendral still had not returned, and he was becoming concerned that Tarz may be a traitor. He still had not sent more than a few thousand extra Forsaken warriors, most of those minor wielders. Even Masters of the Blade would not stand a chance against these Morhidrahl and Rohgorahl. 
Though they had a sufficient number of Forsaken wielders on the outer wall walkways, along with Children of Odin and Heroes of Will. The Heroes were also now glowing with the might of enchantment that suggested the presence of these ancient demons was enhancing their abilities from mortal standard to supernatural. 
Morhidrahl approached the outer walls with caution, perhaps after the browbeating Rayne and Odin had dealt them earlier. Some rode those massive wolf and boar mounts, shaggy black spiked manes, and eyes of blood-coal. The demons wielded earth-shattering powers of ancient and deadly might, sending sheet lightning and molten lava-flames that swept upon the walls of the fortress: making the ground shudder on impact. Those stones were also Magic-Forged, but they would not last any longer than the walls of the city that was still being attacked by greater numbers. 
Odin was resting for now, and although Tohka Reiden had returned soon after the Shadow-Dragon was destroyed, they were both best kept on reserve until the need for extreme force arose. 
The purpose of taking up the defence towers was to harry the demon army with lightning and fire, enough to create a distraction for some of their number that had previously been working to tear down the walls of Eromel. Rayne was now joined in an epic link with Rievenna and a dozen Children of Odin, some male and some female, with a back-up chain of thirty Heroes of Will, who were amongst those defending the outer walls.
From the watchtower Rayne could focus this link towards the demon army at Eromel some four miles to the north over mostly flat fields. Bolt-Rain fell like a forest of a thousand white tendrils. Blazing with the Might of Dragon-Sword’s Heir. Pure Elemental Magic struck demons and the earth to make the ground shudder: flesh and bone melted into scorched viscous puddles. The burning fields fried to sheets of glass or erupting in domes of magma from the heat of the blasts. Bolt-Rain obliterated a vast portion of those Morhidrahl that were attacking the city walls, to the point that ranks further back were enraged: seeking out the source of the attacks. This created the distraction Eromel would need to last the evening, let alone the night. 

*** 
Hayley was more than heartbroken to hear the only words spoken by her husband before he began to attack. ‘I’m sorry, my darling one. I now live only to serve the Master.’ She had not cried out: or screamed in anguish or terror. Instead she had smiled. Baring her long canines to show she would not accept defeat yet. Wil’s assault had begun with Gwydion unleashing a tidal wave of Dark Elemental Magics. Spheres of burning energy black as tar were thrown towards her, some striking her own Green Man and others nearby. Those fireballs melted through wooden flesh and bone like dark acid. The sentinels groaned as they made a slight retreat, Druantia and Enserah reinforcing Hayley’s Shield-Sphere to protect her own Green Man first and foremost. 
Druantia struck back at Gwydion with bolts of electric emerald. Her bow burning with Angel-Light to force the Magician God into a retreat. Dis Pater attempted to strike Hayley’s shield with that great axe of heat and shadows. Enserah swooped to clutch the axe blade between her palms, the two godlike beings gripped in struggle as golden and white lightning danced upon the fields in a burning bright magnificence. 
Enserah was much smaller than Dis Pater, he towered over her as a form of brutish muscle, tattooed in dark symbols across tan brown flesh. Enserah was a blazing Lightning-Crow of determination and retaliation. White pythons snapped at Dis Pater’s arms and legs, but they retreated each time as a dark energy entwined their forms to make them shudder and hiss with a crackling energy. 
Moments later Hayley sprang from the palm of her Green Man. She had always had the ability of flight, though she had rarely had the need to exert such a power. It was draining to her ki’mera levels, but right now those were in seemingly endless supply. Wil also hovered mid-air via the gifts of the Jinn-Lord. He had no wings, he just flew. As did Hayley, as they battled in the skies above the demon army, her sword clashing with his dark axe as thunder and lightning echoed in violent rhythm. 
She was the last of the line of Mijimha, the last of her people. She had lived over a thousand years, fought countless battles, and won. She would not surrender and die at the hands of this cursed-fool creature she had once loved. The man she loved would never raise his hand to her. There was no hope for the Sons of Odin in the present. Only in the past did they stand a chance. It pained her to know she would need to send this sorry excuse to the grave. 

***
Janeanne watched as Shienden beat his massive wings to land upon the stone paved courtyard. The earth trembled and rumbled as immense claws and tail touched ground.
She’d summoned the dragon during their captivity amongst Tarz and his Forsaken. Hundreds of those dark garbed warriors were gathered in the courtyard as Orion and Tobin led the way towards the dragon’s lowered neck. Shienden made a fierce display of teeth. Roaring with savage vehemence at the Forsaken wielders and Agnars that attempted to intervene. But their escape was assured. The problem was getting away without more bloodshed.
In front of the two former Immortal Kings, and behind the two female Heroes of Will marched armoured men ten feet tall, forged of glowing emerald wielding blades longer than any man. They did not openly attack the Forsaken men, but the three in front and three behind were there as a warning to any that attempted to cross blades with her defenders. Lydia and Elmira wielded spheres of burning blue flame, though none had been thrown since they made it out onto the walkways of the courtyard.
Agnars carried more of those Blockers, that still forbid Janeanne and her company from creating Portal-Spells to escape in an instant. Which meant they had needed to bring the dragon. The problem with that plan was the chance that this many enemy Alit’aren and Ael Tarael could do some serious damage to Shienden before they escaped.
Her fears were confirmed when lightning fell from the sky in brilliant azure. The sky rumbled with thunder as dozens more bolts began to plummet and lock around the emerald-blue wings of the great lizard. Shienden roared in pain and fury! Janeanne attempted to appease the beast when his head spun to unleash a torrent of intense heat and vengeful blue flame. Incinerating hundreds of enemy soldiers in seconds. A vicious heat and foul stench swept through the breeze. Janeanne formed a new Shield-Sphere to block them from her senses. She created six more Jade Samurai to surround her people as they made their way to Shienden’s neck and shoulders. Orion and Tobin helping the women to climb on, after Pendral was belted to one of the four double-sided chairs strapped across the dragon’s spine. Garbed in do style cuirass and kabuto helmets, mengu style face masks, these warriors formed of pure light were intimidating if not terrifying to her enemies. Katana blades burning wicked emerald. Heads adorned in the jingasa style samurai traveling hat, emanating a pale glow like jade lanterns.
The lightning had ceased the moment Shienden unleashed that incredible Dragon-Flame. Most of the remaining Forsaken were retreating or lowering their weapons to get down on hands and knees in prayers of worship. This part had been simple, even easy. Facing Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan on the battlefield would not be easy at all. The three men had been like adoring uncles to her since she was a child. But in recent years, her feelings for Shaye had changed. She no longer saw him as a relative, but rather, as a potential husband. Knowing he was taken by the Jinn-Lord was nearly enough to break her heart completely.

***
It was getting late in the day when Rayne decided to abandon the fortifications and transport his forces into the city of Eromel. They leapt through Portal-Spells to land on the outer walkways that were heavily defended already by thousands of Agnars, Aldebrands, Archers, Alit’aren and Ael Tarael. Many of the common warriors on the walkways wielded heavy crossbows with barbed steel bolt heads. They would punch through demon flesh to at least take down one enemy per bolt. Others wielded double-handed axes or hammers, pikes, spears, or halberds. They would not last long if these Morhidrahl and other large demons began to scale the city walls. Only a large link of wielders and strong Shield-Magic would keep the city safe. The mood was sombre or even quite tense. Most men and women simply looked disturbed, as if they knew this day would eventually come to be. Others looked to the fields of demon hordes with faces clenched in the grip of stark terror. 
Rayne made his introduction to Captain Nelfolax, a Nordic with hard dark eyes and white tinged spiked black hair. He wore cuirass and pauldrons of gleaming gold-striped cobalt. Matching gauntlets and greaves over dark trousers and boots, a fine coat of dark blue wool with large white cuffs folded back, buttoned in gold. Eromel was mostly manned by mortals, though Nelfolax explained that he had been Captain of the City Wolf-Guard Defenders for over two hundred years. Rayne had not been alive, technically, for most of this man’s occupation here at Eromel, so such facts were interesting pieces of information for Rayne to learn on his travels. Two hundred years suggested the man had experience with battles. Particularly battling demons. Rayne wondered what had possessed the man to send over four thousand cavalry charging onto the fields soon after dawn. The man looked horrified when gazing out at those fields of demons standing twelve to fourteen feet tall. It suggested he was ready to evacuate rather than defend the walls.
‘I have seen your work on the battlefield today, Rayne Dragon-Sword,’ Nelfolax shouted over the thunderous roar of a hundred thousand demons. ‘You have allowed my warriors and wielders a degree of respite while you worked your magic. I would be honoured if you would take command of the wall.’
‘I will not take away your honour to lead,’ Rayne replied. ‘Though I will offer what advice I think is useful, or necessary. My intention is to meet the battle out there.’ He pointed towards the bulk of the demon hordes. ‘I will meet the enemy and battle them toe to toe. This is a good position for watching the battle, but my Battle Angels and I need to get a little closer to really make an impact.’
‘I would be delighted to see what you can do, my lord,’ the captain replied with a nervous grin.
‘It will not just be me alone,’ Rayne replied, gesturing to his assembly of Heroes of Will and Children of Odin. ‘Fortunately, I have acquired a suitable team to accompany me.’ Then he smiled, before shouting to his companions, ‘Everyone should take quite a good sip before we head out!’ He was referring to the miracle potion that cleansed them of the corruptions upon teron and terael. But also gave an incredible surge in the ability to sense and wield Angel-Magic. 
The smile however was for the message he’d just received telepathically. Shienden was on his way! Janeanne, Pendral, Isabelle, Terese and the true Immortal Kings and their Queens were also Shienden’s passengers. Apparently Pendral had woken, and he was starting to recover. They were waiting for Pendral to gain his strength before they created a Portal-Spell big enough for the dragon to pass through. It was Shienden that provided the message, though essentially the dragon was a conduit for Janeanne and Rayne to communicate. 
It was the best news he’d heard all day.

***
Rievenna watched as her darling Rayne formed a Portal-Spell, a shimmering wall of translucent colours and light that dozens of Heroes of Will and Children of Odin leapt through like faithful hounds on the hunt. Rievenna stepped through beside Rayne, to land on the green fields surrounding Eromel. Demon hordes in the tens of thousands massed to the east, and Rayne slaughtered those closest with torrents of that incredible Bolt-Rain he had learnt from his father long ago. It was for this spell in fact that Rayne had been given his name, as the heir of the man who first discovered the ability. It required a massive surge in teron known as Opening Heaven’s Door, or Magic’s Floodgates.
A blazing storm of lightning bolts in pure brilliant blue beams tore through demon skulls and chests, splitting torsos from shoulder to groin, blasting skulls apart in bloody black bursts. The skies were on fire with exquisite light that struck fields and demon swarms: blasting the earth into domes of bulging lava. Ripping demon flesh apart in electric purity. Skulls, limbs, and torn torsos collapsed into piles of smoking bones and sulphur. A field of gigantic double-handed axes and hammers burned wicked gold, scattered amongst the ashes of defeated flesh and rising demon souls. Ki’mera swept upon Rayne and his companions joined to his link like a burning river on the air. Rievenna felt the rush of intensity from foul corruption and revitalising energy that was the essence of evil souls. The virulent aspect was the Jinn-Lord’s transformation of Angel-Magic that was once owned by the Lord God. What remained of God’s Power was the reason that ki’mera still retained such potent sources of positive magic sustenance and revitalisation. 
She still had not answered his questions of whether she was with child. Or whether she would marry him. But the answer to both questions would be negative. He should have realised by now that if she had fallen pregnant the child would’ve been born during that endless stretch of time they’d spent in that enchanted forest in the ancient past. Rayne was the last of the line of three men that were the hope and damnation of this world. If she gave birth to another of his line, there would surely be consequences. She had wanted a child, but it seemed fate wished for the line of Dragon-Sword to end. Her fears for what the child might become made her decide that she would take a tonic to reduce the chances of pregnancy the next time they made love. Though it seemed Rayne was leading them on a mission that was looking to be perilous if not completely suicidal. 
A Rohgorahl riding a savage black boar made it too close to their gathered party when she fired bolts of light from her bow. The first few strikes split the boar’s skull as the rider collapsed off to one side. As the immense goblin creature tried to stand, she fired again to shatter its skull in a bloody dark burst. 
Heroes and Children fired Lightning-Arrows of blazing might. Others launched pure blue lightning bolts from spears or tridents, shattering demon armour as flesh fried in sizzling heat: skeletons burning white through dark chests, thighs, and biceps. Skulls exploded on impact. Biceps and forearms ripped apart or legs torn off at the knee. The enemy roared with bloodlust and rage, surging forwards in tens of thousands. Bolt-Rain and Fire-Hail tearing down hundreds every flickering moment that the evening light flared intense burning blue.
As Rayne and his link formed a large Shield-Dome to surround them, Rayne also shouted the names of both Battle Angels. Many of the Children of Odin amongst them also had Battle Angels stored since their visit to Mount Asgardia. Rievenna amongst them. But they would conserve the strength of the other Angels while Odin and Tohka Reiden softened the demon ranks. 
She was saturated in the overwhelming bliss of the potion. It heightened her senses beyond normal wielding of Angel-Magic. Terael was coursing through her veins. Her blood was rivers of electric frost. She laughed at the peak of the sensation, feeling dizzy for a moment as the world spun. But the magic she wielded served as the anchor on a sea of chaotic ecstasy. Her skin tingled with vibrant warmth. Her breath seemed made of ice vapour. No!—her skin was layers of snowflakes and she breathed flame. Her Lightning-Arrows shattered the chest of another towering goblin. Shot another through both eyes, falling to its knees with burning sockets: skull exploding in a flare of dark splatter. Demon-Magic long-handled axes thudded against one another with a heavy metallic clang.

***
Rayne watched Odin and Tohka Reiden lighting up the sky with electric blue bolts, just as he heard the triumphant roar of Shienden swooping upon the demon battlefields. He turned to see the massive emerald beast approaching from the northeast. Rayne had been facing southwest, obliterating a score of Sengzlegions wielding burning scythes and scimitars. His attack was tendrils of burning light that tore through armour and flesh to leave the demons in piles of smoking husks, burnt limbs and charred bone.
He took a moment to watch as Shienden dived towards tens of thousands of Morhidrahl to shatter their ranks with Dragon-Flame burning brilliant blue. The flames hit ground: creating a conflagration of blue incineration that wiped out thousands of demons in seconds. The flames were a blanket of blazing blue heat. Fire gushed into the air over a hundred feet high or more along more than two miles of blistering magic energy.
The attack cleared a large space that still burned and protected Rayne and his people from the hundreds of thousands more demons massing on the eastern side. Then the great dragon was landing close by Rayne and his companions. Rayne watched as Lydia, Elmira, Terese and Janeanne were helped to dismount the dragon. 
Isabelle waited till last, his darling grandmother looking radiant as a Hero of Will. Emanating the Light of Aelfin Magic from the days of the Old Ways. She stood on the spine of the dragon. Aiming her bow at the demons charging from the east. She fired several shots of burning gold that tore through black goblins as if they were made of wet clay. Bodies burst and set to flame: yellow lava spiderwebbed through flesh to reduce bones to glowing ash.
Pendral was on his feet, to Rayne’s great relief. Tobin and Orion had their blades unsheathed, and another man was leaping from Shienden’s shoulders when a great shadow swooped upon the dragon. A terrible ferocious roar shattered his senses, resonating with pulsing evil essence. All Rayne saw was Isabelle staring skyward. Terror in her eyes.
The next moment the jaws of a great black beast surged downwards from the sky. Jaws of razor black teeth closed down around the top and back of Shienden’s skull. Rayne saw his darling grandmother vanish under the rolling bodies of both Shienden and another massive black Shadow Dragon! He cried out her name! A crushing pain filled his chest as his vision turned to water. Massive, webbed beating black batwings were all he saw. A fierce Minion of the Shadow.
Pendral and the former Immortal Kings were all unscathed as the two dragons rolled over one another. Filling the air with a deafening roar that sent tremors through the soil. Rayne had already ordered both Odin and Tohka Reiden to rescue Isabelle if it could be achieved. He could risk it himself, but both Angels were far better equipped for the task.
They were both there in an instant. Odin appeared at three times his normal size, as he planted a burning golden spear against the scaled hide of the black dragon. Heaving to lever the creature’s body high enough for Tohka Reiden, who emerged seconds later to hover in the sky. Rayne fell to his knees to see Isabelle’s broken and bloody form held in his arms. He had no hope that any Healing-Magic could save her. Her eyes stared glazed and fixed, unfocused. He screamed in outrage!

***
Orion watched with great relief when Shienden chomped down on the back of the Shadow Dragon’s skull, and part of the neck. Dragging the ebony scaled beast across the fields, evidently to get the enemy dragon away from Orion and his company. The two beasts created deep runnels in the earth as a rumbling vibration shook the ground.
Orion and Tobin had been ready to deal with the Shadow Dragon, though it would be a first for both of them. Yet he watched as the two creatures roared and chomped at one another, before the dark dragon beat its wings to quickly take to the skies. Shienden followed. Which gave them a moment to try to eliminate this demon threat.
Isabelle’s Bow blazed like bronze lightning as it flew towards Odin as if by magnetic force. A shoulder bag of an emerald metallic glow was slung across the Battle Angel’s back, where he placed the weapon in a flare of silver. What’s that about? he wondered.
Pendral and Rayne appeared out of the fight for the moment. Rayne on his knees and screaming in anguish. Pendral staring wide eyed in disbelief to see his dear mother bleeding and broken in the arms of the starlight-bearded Battle Angel. Tohka Reiden hovered towards Lydia and Elmira, but both women touched her for brief moments before shaking their heads. 
Elmira put a hand over Isabelle’s face to close her eyelids.
Orion did not know whether to urge these men to fight for them now, or to take time to mourn. But the need of the situation spurred him to shout, ‘We all lose those we love!’ Pendral stared with fury burning in those jet-black eyes. ‘Some sooner than others,’ Orion said. ‘We can do no more for her. But the battle still rages. I need both you and your son now more than ever! Will you join me?’ He pointed to the thick of the demon hordes with his golden blade. 
Pendral nodded, his focus clear once more.
‘Rayne!’ Pendral roared. ‘Get on your feet, boy! There are plenty more demons to slaughter.’

Chapter 17


The Deaths of Dragons

Pendral was first to leap through the Portal-Magic, landing a short distance south of the enemy lines. The giant demons still swarmed around the city walls, though the arrival of Pendral and his entourage brought the attention of many. Wolves the size of bison barked and drooled. Ravenous jaws gnashing and snapping as the creatures howled and snarled in defiance.
A horde of maybe a thousand broke off from the southern flanks, charging Pendral as his company were still leaping through the Portal-Spell. He struck with violent rage spilling over. His mother was taken from him again. He would feel that pain forever.
Bolt-Lightning filled the rumbling clouds. Beams burning bright blue lanced into the demon ranks. Blasting flesh and bone to blood and ashes. Incinerating the demonic wolf packs in pure aqua blazes. 
Morhidrahl were stunned by the blasts. Some turned to vapour and dust in an instant, though many escaped with singed smoking skin. Pendral’s Elemental Magic was beyond the scope of most of his kind. This was just a warmup.
He struck again. Earth-Light. A surging conflagration of electric charges flooded the battleground like springs of fire bursting from the soil. Taking form as Fire Serpents and Burning Dragons, the magic coursed with a life of its own, tunnelling through demon skulls, chests, and torsos. Dragons chomped down on skulls in bloody sprays. Serpents gorged on hearts and entrails as blazing heat stripped flesh from bone in flows of flickering Destruction-Magic.
He dropped Chaos-Charges behind the enemy lines. Attacking their ranks with aggressive tactics to break their numbers apart. Hundreds of spheres of pure Fire-Magic appeared in the sky, plummeting to earth to explode on impact. The fireballs were six feet in diameter, mostly sky blue with white heat at their core. The blasts sent out on impact were tendrils of Serpents and Dragons of surging electricity. Pixie Wardens and Aqua-Armoured Dwarves spread from the magic flows, blasting through chests and skulls. Hacking down demons at the knees, thighs and groin as these little Dwarves swarmed over their victims like a rising tide.
He drew his blade. Grinning. Preparing to do some real damage.

***
Rayne watched as his father took to the battlefield. His blood-red blade glimmered with wicked heat as he slashed through Rohgorahl and Morhidrahl with a speed and precision that outshone most immortals of this Age. Red light flared in arcs as the sword tore gaping wounds through knees, thighs, and lower abdomens. Demons fell around him as if Death himself had taken to the fields.
At the same moments that he charged head on into the enemy ranks, Pendral unleashed true Bolt-Rain, on an epic scale. The skies erupted with lightning and thunder to turn night into day. The rumbling roar was the voice of Gods Awoken. Bolts of intense blue-white heat lanced from the clouds like a forest of crackling fire.
Dragons and Serpents swirled around the blazing bolts in flares of fizzing ferocity. Bolts reducing wolf and rider to floating clouds of burning ash. Dragons and Serpents feasting on demon flesh in a chaotic frenzy, thousands of spears of lightning falling, flickering, furiously.
Rayne’s Aelfin feet carried him to his father’s side in a series of swift sprinting strides. Wielding the Sword of Valour, Rayne shouted the name, ‘Odin!’
If Pendral’s Bolt-Rain turned night into day, Odin’s Storm was enough to split the earth in two. Fierce, incredible forces swirled in the skies in a chaotic cataclysm of lightning and thunder. Fire-Magic and an Air-Vortex that formed a funnel wider than the city of Eromel. 
Odin hovered on blue wings high in the sky, before the outer edges of the swirling vortex. In his fist was the Odin Spear. Pure white flame almost blinding to behold. Odin would be only twelve feet tall at present, though the intense light that touched his cuirass, pauldrons, gauntlets, and boots was emanating raw Elemental Magic of the Fist of God. 
It seemed Pendral’s Bolt-Rain doubled in those few seconds that Rayne watched the skies. Demons all around Pendral and Rayne had been obliterated by bolts of incineration, giving him a moment’s respite to gaze skyward in wonder.
Odin pummelled the heart of the demon forces with torrents of golden thunderbolts. Jagged spears of light were hurled at the battleground so fast that even Rayne’s immortal sight had trouble keeping track. Each blast impacted the earth in vast rumbling eruptions. Domes of heat and light swelling and surging outwards to vaporize demons. Leaving only dust. Fried blood and bone. Flesh burnt to crust. 
The demon masses began to scatter and retreat from that region. A rumbling thunderous beat pounded the soil as hooves and wolf paws thudded left and right to escape Odin’s onslaught.
Those close enough to spot Rayne and Pendral standing alone found the courage to make another charge. Rayne hurled thunderbolts from his left palm, spiralling tendrils of blue magic reaching across the battlefield to tear limbs free in bloody bursts. Ripping off skulls. Chewing holes through armoured chests.
Pendral’s Charging Boar appeared on the field heading west amongst those enemy ranks. A half dozen of the giant blue wild boar pounded the earth with incredible speed. Tusks the size of dragon fangs gored wolves and their riders, striking with the might of Aelfin Ancient Magic. Demons were swept aside, trampled, or sent flying through the air in a bloody massacre. But things were just getting started.

***
Orion and Tobin, Lydia and Elmira were close behind Pendral and Rayne. Orion could not convince his wife to remain behind, and it was the same for Tobin with Lydia. Orion was glad to have his wife watching his back, but his stress over her safety was often a bane in smaller battles. Here he would be gritting his teeth till they crumbled into dust. 
They moved as a unit of four, sprinting across the battlefield to catch up with Pendral and Rayne on the front lines.
For now, Orion would lead the assault, while he allowed Tobin to try to keep watch over both women. At the same time, Elmira and Lydia would lend an assault of Fire-Magic to soften the demon ranks as Orion attempted to carve his way through.
Janeanne and Terese were further behind, surrounded by the Heroes and Children that would guard her body till death. The chances of any Heroes or Children becoming victims of possession demons was held off, for now, via their stores of the miracle potion. With clear minds, they would hold off any attackers while their bodies were still able. 
Orion surveyed the killing fields. Pendral’s Charging Boar had cleared the battlefield for some lengths along the front lines. But Wolf-Rider Morhidrahl were massing further out. Wielding spears, axes and sledgehammers of glistening gold, the demon forces hissed and growled with angst and guile. They were torn between their nature to fight and feed, and the cautious apprehension that was being forced into them by Rayne and Pendral’s aggressive onslaught.
He moved up alongside the two men known as Dragon-Sword. Orion unleashing scores of Golden Tigers that launched outwards from every golden thunderbolt that struck the demon ranks. These beasts were the size of Fire Lions, formed of sleek dark fur that glistened wet black. Tinged with ripples of burning golden stripes like fire branded shadows. Tigers leapt for Morhidrahl and Rohgorahl throats, biting off faces as they pushed the demons to the ground. Claws of burning steel shredding through the stone-tough skin and flesh of these ancient demons.
At the same moment, rows of Burning Archers appeared, rising out of the ground like a pale mist. These beings were not real ghosts, however, and they stood taller than any man. Orion guessed they were Rayne’s version of Highlander’s Golden Soldiers. Garbed in similar armour of burning aqua, these warriors wielded bows of light that fired torrents of Lightning-Arrows with blinding speed. Each bolt of fire that impacted with the skulls, chests or limbs of the enemy blasted flesh and bone in bloody black sprays. There were at least three dozen of the Archers, suggesting Rayne and Pendral had formed a link.
The next moment, Pendral summoned dozens of his own Jade Samurai. Standing at equal height to the Archers, these warriors wielded laser blades as they charged the fields. Hacking off limbs, planting swords through hearts and decapitating their victims in a vicious bloodbath. 
Between the two kinds of Elemental Warrior, the demon ranks were repeatedly blasted apart, or knocked off their feet by arrows of light before laser blades planted through their fallen chests and skulls. Tigers charged amongst the chaos. Gorging on blood and bone as the enemy began to holler in terror. Admitting defeat. Their attempts to retaliate were in vain. 

***
Hayley raged inside to see her husband so lost to her. She almost cried out in horror when he had unleashed his assault of arrows upon her. Not from his bow. These shafts of shadows appeared out of thin air, dozens launching towards her from either side of his pauldrons and above. Shields from her Battle Angels were barely enough to withstand the assault. She realised then that he was stronger than she had first assumed.
It broke her heart in two that he would fire arrows at her! She had once called him, ‘My Cupid.’ The fact that he would attack her at all, but with arrows of all things. He was truly lost!
Still, any opening she had to defeat him, she hesitated. Hoping above anything that he could be somehow saved. Yet his expression was void of emotions. She wondered if he wanted her to kill him. So at least he wouldn’t be responsible for her death.
They still fought in the skies, when a warp of Air-Magic revealed Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan. The three men had all gained the ability to fly, during their time possessed by Spirits of the Shadow. They all attacked at once. And she fled. Her Shield-Spheres barely protected her before a warp of dimensions brought her back to the west side of the River Ellenorin. A hundred miles south of Eromel, where her armies waited to hold back the demon advance. 
Enserah and Druantia had returned to her the moment that she escaped.
Serock was there when she returned. She was dripping a cold sweat when he stepped forward to greet her. In a way, the man had been left in command while Hayley scouted behind enemy lines. ‘I take it things did not go well, my Lady.’ There was no question to his tone. It was spoken matter of fact. 
‘You could’ve told me what I was up against!’ she snapped at him in a fierce temper. 
‘You met with your husband, then?’ Serock asked with a raised brow. For some reason unknown, the man had returned in the same body of the elderly white-haired immortal his soul had occupied over a thousand years ago. She didn’t know if she could trust him. So many had betrayed the faith she placed in them.
‘What are your orders, then, Lady err—?’ He’d moved on without waiting for her first answer, then stumbled over his last word as he realised it wasn’t the best time to use her married name.
‘Mijimha,’ Hayley corrected, ‘Lady Mijimha. Vampire Empress of the Mijimha Coven.’ Rumbling thunder echoed in the distance. She looked the former Vampireking squarely in the eye. ‘Now, tell me everything I need to know.’

***
Elmira watched with pride and awe as her husband wreaked havoc upon the demon army. He had taken the lead amongst Pendral and Rayne, Orion’s golden blade slicing Morhidrahl and Sengzlegions at the ankles, knees, and thighs. Dark blood splattering the earth as his form shifted like some Swordsmen-Wraith amongst the enemy ranks.
Pendral and Rayne followed in circling attack formations. Father and son also moving with immortal speed as the evil blade and Sword of Valour hacked through demon flesh in a flickering blur of motion and light.
Orion’s sword strokes released blasts of golden fires that charged upwards through the forms of his victims. Often, he would wield the blade two-handed, though other times his left-hand hurled bars of Elemental Magic at his enemies, or he smashed the earth with shuddering blows of teron. Chaotic charges of energy fused with the ground to spread wildly on impact. Even these incredibly tall breeds of goblins and demons were sent flying in the wake of those incinerating blasts. Bodies fell to their knees as golden light coursed through their flesh like smouldering charcoal. Heads exploded in bright blasts. Fires ate away flesh and bone, becoming ashes floating on the winds. 
Rayne and Pendral were guarded in an outer series of circles by the Burning Archers and Jade Samurai. Just as Orion was surrounded by those Golden Tigers that roared with bloodlust as they pushed enemies down to rip out their throats. Demons attempted to break those lines tirelessly, though it was all for naught. These men would not be touched as long they still drew breath. Not when up against anything they had faced thus far. 
Odin’s Storm of flickering blazing blue electric thunderbolts still plummeted from the skies for miles around. Striking the demon ranks by the hundreds every shuddering second that ticked by. Elmira wore a grand smile. That miracle potion was bringing them up to a level where they could not be matched. Perhaps not even by a link of Hex-Warlords.
Elmira felt the warm tingling buzzing sensation flowing through her skin and bones. Cool as frost against her skin. Lava flowing in her veins. Lightning in her bones. Harmony in her awakening soul. They were all experiencing it now. This much time wielding was bringing a second stage of vibrant sensory perceptions and spiritual awareness. It was electrifying. Incredible. Marvellous rejuvenation. Enough Elemental Magic flowed through their link to crack the moon. 
Orion, Elmira, Tobin, and Lydia held the link, though Orion had allowed Pendral and Rayne to join their Hero Chain. She was so ecstatic she felt she might spread eagle’s wings and take to the skies. Unleashing torrents of explosive headed Fireflies. Pixie Wardens filled her eyes. Illuminating the night as they flowed from her fingertips. Swarming projectiles to punch through chests, leaving gaping wounds of charred flesh and blood. Serpent shaped skulls exploding in cosmic flares, lightning ripping eyes from their sockets. Clanging against enchanted steel like magnetic rockets.
Janeanne was close now. Guarded by her entourage of Children of Odin and Heroes of Will, the young woman stared perplexed at the scene of carnage. ‘Do not be timid, my Darling Heart!’ Elmira cried. ‘Show these vermin the might of the Daughter of Adem Highlander and Jean Fairsythe. Smash them into oblivion!’ Janeanne smiled, warmly, but her expression was saddened. ‘Do you feel it, Mother?’ her daughter shouted. ‘Magic flooding your every cell and fibre. My body is on fire with it!’
‘Then use it, my Sweet Cherub! Show the Shadow that there is still Blood of Dragons to be reckoned with.’

***
Terese Sapphire-Sword stood beside Janeanne Highlander as she began to harness a massive surge of terael. It was like standing next to a small star that had suddenly exploded. Torrents of energy so pure and rich it was almost blinding to be in her presence. An aura surrounded her in warm yellows, flame orange, burning blue and vaporizing white light.
Golden Samurai stood around her and her bodyguards. Fourteen of the warriors standing almost as tall as the Morhidrahl. Demons were charging in on all sides, as Heroes and Children hit back with Lightning-Spears and Arrows, bolts of fire that lit up the night as they imploded demon skulls, tore off limbs and melted flesh and bone on impact. 
The Samurai wielded longswords of violet laser light, hacking down enemies with ferocity. Then the Wardens alternated to firing lasers in beams of emerald green. Blades, then lasers once more. They tripped and forced demons to the floor to blast through skulls with laser cannon beams: driving glowing blades through chests in congealed coruscation. Decapitating serpent skulled demons with beams of raging light. Splitting torsos in half. Rails of pure magic carving through flesh and bone like a rudder through rapids.
But that was not terael. It was Highlander’s manipulate matter thingy! When Janeanne truly opened herself to Angel-Magic a crack of thunder sounded like the roar of Odin’s Lions. Suddenly flames began to burst through the flesh of demons charging towards them close by. Flame simply, erupted, bursting outwards through their flesh like a Fire-Geist fighting to break free. Those closest were burnt to char by the magnificent blue lightning that coursed through their skeletons before they collapsed into blazes of ash. Then further out, dozens, then hundreds of demons began to simply explode with fire raging through their core. That was definitely the Daughter of the White Snow Fox! Admittedly she also radiated Adem’s strengths. The kind of girl you wanted on your side.
Terese was a pale shadow compared to the light of this one, though the Odin Storm and the potion were working their effects on her spirit. To bring about a state of being similar to when the Heroes had been bound to the Harp of Souls. Any demons that made it within range of her blade did not live to harm a single hair on this precious young woman’s head. Enough Angel-Magic flowed through her soul to halt charging Wolves and their Rider with the retaliating force of a battering ram. A ram wielded by a dozen full grown male Giants! 
Charging demons were halted as if striking a wall of Angel-Magic. Starlight blade burning white-hot; reducing flesh to smoking ashes in a flash of glimmering sparks. For some reason Terese had always seemed to revel at moments that were most dire. She grinned like a black feline as she planted the sword of light through the skull of a fallen demon. 
It was a good day to be back!

***
The plan was working so far. Orion spearheaded the attack formation, slaughtering thousands with the aid of Pendral and Rayne. The result was that they had gained the attention of a vast portion of the demon hordes. As Orion continued to plough through enemy lines, the Wolf Rider Morhidrahl and Rohgorahl began to fan out and spread around their small circles of defenders like flowing waters parted by a persistent boulder. 
Tobin wished to be up there in the thick of it with his oldest friend. But Orion would skin him alive if Elmira were harmed while Tobin was stationed as her bodyguard. He would not want to risk his wife up there where Orion led the attack either. These were no everyday demons. Tobin had never before seen such creatures as this. Only had he ever read about them in books and seen sketches and paintings, tapestries and artworks on ancient vases, pots, and the like.
How could so many be passing through the Rift?
And why all of a sudden?
He would not find the answers here and now. But it was a matter that left him completely confounded. 
He took a moment to gaze at the dark skies where hundreds of blue bolts still lit up the night in a flickering haze. Tohka Reiden could be seen hopping across clouds of silver light. Hurling thunderbolts of blazing might in brilliant gold. Jagged Flame-Spears thrown in a frenzy to blast the demon fields to piles of incinerated blood, bones, and ashes. 
Odin hovered above a fluffy blanket of moonlit clouds that pulsed and flared with his own Odin Storm. Odin Wings illuminated like some great blue bird of prey. The Lightning-Lord pummelled the enemy ranks with beams of golden magnificence blasted from his Odin Spear.
Demons were being torn to shreds by the Chaos-Magic of Aesir and Aelfin bloodlines—
Suddenly Portal-Spells were opening all around them. Tobin looked left and right to see thousands of Forsaken warriors leaping through hundreds of glowing rifts in the air, shimmering light, and colours where immortal and half-blood warriors flowed forth like a dark flood!
Tobin was immediately on his guard. He doubted these men and women would be friendly. Not after their escape from Tarz.
He wasn’t wrong in his suspicions either. Many of those warriors carried Blockers, those shields of coloured metals that prevented any chance of escape through Portal-Spells of their own.
The small company of defenders gathered their circle into tighter ranks. Tobin saw that Orion was still in a frenzied killing spree against a horde of Morhidrahl wielding all manner of weaponry. Blasts of brilliant golden fire exploded outwards in sheets, ripples, tendrils, and waves as the true Torvellen King pounded the earth with shuddering impact—
Then suddenly a fierce roar was heard overhead, as a great shadow swooped upon the battlefield! The Shadow Dragon landed on a score of armoured goblins to crush them under its weight. At the same moment that the creature crash landed, its right claw smashed down on top of Orion! His Brother would be wielding a sufficient Shield-Sphere to deflect against these lesser demons, but for the instant that Orion vanished under the great, black-scaled dragon fist, Tobin truly believed it was the end of Orion Demon-Slayer.
Yet a heartbeat after that ominous claw covered Orion’s crumpled form, the dragon recoiled as if stung! There stood Orion on legs that trembled. Though his back was straight as the sword of his lineage glowed bright golden. Stained black and dripping dragon blood. It was said that the very centre of a dragon’s palm is the only soft part of its entire body. It looked as if Orion had met the mark, as the dragon roared, only now realising that swords were sharp.
Orion planted Tigerclaw in the earth as a fierce wave of yellow energies coruscated upwards into a conflagration that swept across the neck of the Dragon, becoming a Golden Tiger almost equal in size. The Tiger chomped down on the dragon’s neck behind the skull, forcing the dragon’s jaw to the ground in a thunderous rumble. 
Elmira screamed her husband’s name. But Tobin would not let her go near. He Shield-Trapped both women and looked on with horror as the dragon shook itself free. The Tiger was knocked sprawling onto its backside when the Dragon raised its snout to—No!—Suddenly black flame spewed forth from its jaws to vanquish Orion, son of Kohdin. The flames gushed out on all sides, smothering demons and Forsaken alike to vaporize bodies into smoking sulphurous char.
A shield by Odin and Tohka Reiden was the only thing that had saved Pendral and Rayne. The heat of the violent black flames was so intense, even at the distance that Tobin stood protected by Shield-Spells amongst the defenders, that baking in an oven would be preferable. He could feel the skin flaying across his face and neck. His armour felt hot enough to melt. 
It had all occurred so fast! Even Rayne and Pendral had been helpless to rush to Orion’s aid before the end. They were distracted by a Rohn‘Kahli—a towering lion headed Troll, eighteen feet tall—that had stormed the battlefield, appearing, seemingly, out of nowhere! The Troll had also crash landed amongst a demon horde. Raven black wings spread wide as the beast roared with a ferocity to make Kings buckle. Rayne and Pendral were dodging the falling axe blade the size of a hut. Planted in the earth from the Demon Lion’s swift swipes. Sending back thunderbolts that stunned and dazed the creature as they sprinted from its sight. Odin thudded his boots onto the demon’s shoulders. Odin Spear firmly planted three feet deep within its skull before the body began to erupt in flames.
Orion’s sword was all that remained. Landing blade down in the earth close to where the man had been standing. Then the weapon glowed magma bright, as it was swept up on the winds to be clutched by Odin as if his hands were magnetic. 
Tobin felt that his heart was being gnawed by a ravenous rat the size of a goat!
Elmira was on her knees, screaming in anguish and terror. Lydia rushed to her side, helping her stand as the entire force of Forsaken and defenders began to retreat in unison from the savage beast. ‘Orion!’ No! Tears stung his eyes full and wet. ‘My Brother!’ for Eternity! It cannot be! He saw his friend’s face in his mind. When they first met as younglings. No older than four or five years old. Back then, Orion always said Tobin was the brave one. ‘Orion! No!’ NOOOOOOOOO! Tobin’s roar was the rage of a Fire Lion Awakening.

***
As Janeanne turned to flee, with her Mother, Lydia, and Tobin by her side, she saw the reason the Shadow Dragon had escaped the confrontation with Shienden. The great emerald beast known as Dragon-Sword crash landed several hundred feet southwest of their position. Shienden was looking the worse for wear to say the least! Raising his massive, scaled snout, the dragon coughed up a huge spurt of dark blood that saturated the soil. He was bleeding all over. She noticed that even one eye had been chewed out!
He must’ve been shielding his pain from her thoughts. He would not have wanted it to affect her cunning during the battle. Her chest ached to see that beloved creature so close to death. Though the pain of losing the man that had raised her since she was a child, was a curse upon her soul that ripped out her beating heart in a ghastly bloody spray.
She was not sure how she was able to stay standing. Or how her legs were moving all on their own. Her mind was numb. But the pain that filled her was dealing her shockwaves of emotion that threatened to tear her apart. 
A flood of tears filled her vision. She cried out her father’s name. ‘Orion! Father!’
Tobin was at her side, sweeping her up in his arms as Lydia and Elmira began to match his pace side by side, Aelfin feet sprinting in terror from that Shadow Dragon and its nightmare Dragon-Flame.
Janeanne closed her eyes and wept. Holding tight to the man she had thought of as her uncle since that day she first left her true parents. Does it have to be this way? It seemed she was going to lose everyone in one day.


Chapter 18


Heroes of Legend

The city of Valmeron was in high spirits this Spring’s Eve. It was the first day of the new season, a day of feasting and celebration from old traditions. Nearly the entire week was set aside for the festivities that would follow the kick-off this evening. Also known as Cerrydwion’s Harvest Festival, in honour of some ancient God that Rayne knew very little else about. It was the first day that pushed back the harshness of Winter’s Chill. Soon crops would be planted, after the soil was tilled. Fresh juicy red apples would blossom in the orchards, and oranges, peaches, and plums. Rayne loved apples. When he could get any. 
Raised from the orphanage on Bell Maker’s Lane, Rayne was adopted by the Widow Mel Baneless at age four. His memories before that time were hazy, though he remembered the Old Vicar at the Saint Joseph’s Orphanage. A wizened old man with kind blue eyes and frizzy grey hair around his ears. Father McConnell. He had taught Rayne his numbers and letters from an early age.
Most of today Rayne had been busy about the kitchens of Valmeron preparing for the Great Feast of the Harvest Moon. It marked the first day of the new season. A day when Holly sprigs were hung above doorways throughout the Kingdom. This was in line with the Christian holiday of Christ’s birth. Christmas Trees and Wreaths of the Holy Trinity were also put up a week before today in most houses throughout the city.
The Tree was to celebrate the birth of the Saviour. Though the Wreaths of the Trinity were to guard against the chance that Old Lucifer would happen by and poke his nose under your front door! That’s what the stories said anyway. Lot of nonsense was what Rayne thought about that.
He checked the sundial as he crossed through the Royal Courtyard that overlooked the King’s Stables. He was delivering a message for the kitchen staff to the stableboys to be on the alert for a particular pair of guests arriving any moment. They were cousins of the King. Duke Wellington and his younger brother Prince Alfred. The pair were said to be carrying precious cargo that was needed to be delivered to the kitchens for special arrangements concerning the feast. That was about the gist of it as far as anything had been explained to Rayne. It was all detailed in a letter to be delivered to the Stable Master, Sam Wilkins. 
When Rayne arrived at the King’s Stable, he found his dear old pal Shaye sweeping the floors and putting fresh apples in the water for the newly arriving horses. Shaye was the same age as Rayne, exactly the same age! Also raised in the orphanage, Shaye was a very wise chap, especially with letters and numbers, but also music. They had received sufficient tutoring by the Castle Wizard, Old Farromier Enzeikel, in all aspects of the finer arts. Music, poetry, literature, fine art painting, ceramic designs and an assortment of other arts and crafts. The King expected his pupils to be learned. Not ignorant of the finer things in life. Rayne was more of a visual artist. Music was always too puzzling to suit his skills. He was even a connoisseur of fine wines by age eleven. Not that he’d ever actually even tasted wine until his sixteenth birthday party. But knowing what to serve with each meal for the Royal Palace was all part of his trade. Or Slavery with a Chance of a Penny in your Pocket at the End of Month, as he preferred to call it.
Anyway, when Rayne entered the stable, he noticed that Shaye kept glancing up at a pair of fine horses that poked their heads out over the doors of their stalls. Shaye was glancing, no, squinting, as if he were unsure of what he was looking at.
When Rayne really set eyes on the glossy white mare and tall silken-dark stallion, he realised these were horses not like others he had ever seen before. 
Shaye waved to Rayne, urging him to come closer to inspect the fine animals.
‘Can you believe it?’ Shaye almost squeaked in awe. ‘Altherin breed!
‘Altherin?’ Rayne asked, taking another good look at the pair. ‘You mean, they’re immortal horses?’
‘That’s what I’m sayin’,’ Shaye replied. ‘Never seen a true altherin before, has ya?’ 
‘Mind your pronunciations, Shaye,’ Rayne corrected. ‘You know Sam’ll give ye a strappin’ if a’ye aint sayin’ yer’ ‘urds ‘ight!’
They looked at each other and giggled. 
‘Sorry, Rayne,’ Shaye said in a very formal tone. ‘My humblest apologies, I meant, of course, that you are as of yet unacquainted with these finest of the equine breed.’
In truth, Shaye’s use of upper-class language and etiquette far surpassed Rayne’s own. But being a stable boy meant a lot of slang and cuss words rubbed off on a lad.
‘Oh, Hell’s Bells, I nearly forgot,’ Shaye said in a rush, ‘Clarice wanted you to know she’ll be late for her shift this evening. Wanted you to fill in for her until she finishes helping out err,’ he paused. ‘Ahem, I meant she wondered if it would be at all convenient for you to carry out her role as waitstaff for the buttery, while she administers palliative care to her dear aged grandmama?’
Rayne’s jaw must’ve hit the floor. ‘But that’s the business of royal blood! I couldn’t possibly.’
‘Nonsense,’ was Shaye’s retort with a snort. ‘That’s what we’ve been trained up for, don’t you know, old boy. You’ve got all the class and mannerisms of true breeding about you. Look them in the eye only if … well, if it’s the King don’t look him in the eye. And don’t glance at his daughter’s bosom. Ever! That’ll get you castrated for certain.’
‘Oh, Bollocks of the Great Lord Un-Holy!’ Rayne hollered. ‘Clarice is subject to the King himself at Royal Banquets. How could I ever pull it off?’
‘Just play the part, old boy. Piece of cake.’ He paused again. ‘Speaking of which, I hear that Princess Victoria will be attending the banquet this evening. Did I forget to mention it? They’ve just arrived by Royal Coach. With an entourage of about a thousand Knights in Shining Tinsel and all that. Daughter of the Duke in case you’ve forgotten.’
‘I haven’t forgotten, about her,’ Rayne replied. ‘I’m here to deliver Old Sammy a letter concerning a “special delivery” arriving with the Duke’s men.’
‘What more can you tell me about it?’ Shaye asked intrigued. ‘Can I see the letter?’
‘It’s sealed, Shaye. I don’t think Sam would take kindly to either of us breaking a Royal Seal.’ Rayne held the letter out of his friend’s reach. ‘Who do the altherin belong to, by the by? Immortals?’
‘I won’t tell a word until I get a peek at the letter,’ Shaye said with a sly grin. 
‘Forget it!’
‘Okay, yes, alright, they’re both immortals. Looked like husband and wife to me. Either that or Ael Tarael and her Aldebrand. The woman was stunning, a beauty hard to find in any corner of the world. Not that I get out that much.’ He seemed to shiver a moment. ‘The man, the Immortal, gave me a chill. Something about him, a kind of wrongness about his presence. Still, he was very … commanding. Seemed to me someone who was used to giving orders.’
‘Most Immortal Aldebrands are.’
‘Not like this one,’ Shaye assured him. ‘This one, was different. He meant business.’
‘Names?’
‘Didn’t give me their names. Not like I’d forget those faces around here, anyway.’
‘Did you see a signet ring? A brooch of any particular House? House colours? Anything?’
‘They both wore fine clothing, but neither was adorned with any House sigil. However,’ at this pause Rayne asked with bated breath, ‘Yes, well, what?’
‘The Big One, his sword hilt and pommel, looked like a … Golden Tiger?’
‘No idea,’ Rayne replied. ‘Great, I guess we’ll never know!’

***
‘So, what are the horses’ names, then?’ Rayne asked. Shaye was about to reply that he wasn’t given their names either, when a soft scraping voice began from a stall further down the line. 
‘The mare’s name is Silverlight. The stallion is called Mooncloud.’ Shaye knew a man had been sweeping the stall out there, but when the man spoke, Rayne said, ‘That voice … I can’t quite place it.’
Shaye was already down on his knees, grasping Rayne by the sleeve, who stood looking in the man’s direction as he stepped out of the stall in plain brown coat and trousers. A workman’s uniform, but he was no stableman. Rayne seemed to realise the moment that Shaye was on his knees with head bowed to say, ‘Your Majesty, forgive me.’ 
Rayne was on his knees a second later, probably damaging his knees. He hit the floor that hard. His voice echoed Shaye’s own, as the King of Valmeron walked towards them with a straight back, broom handle held across his chest like a war spear. King Lindren Grey-Eyes had a piercing gaze the colour of storm clouds about to burst with thunder and lightning. That was how they always looked, but Shaye would never openly gaze at his face, especially after the way he and Rayne had been talking.
If Shaye had paid more attention to the man’s boots, he might have picked it, they were not fancy, but they were fine leather, soft, and crafted by an expert cobbler. They were probably only finished a few hours ago, and they would’ve taken a month to craft and be worth more than Shaye was paid in two years. 
‘Forgive my words, Your Royal Highness,’ Shaye offered again. The King chuckled before setting the broomstick leaning against a nearby stall. He wore a soft floppy cap across his nearly white hair, straight and short cut, with a neat close-cropped grey-black beard and moustache.
‘Think nothing of it, Shaye son of Marion,’ the King replied in that dry tone. He glanced down at Rayne to remark, ‘Colourful words from you, young Rayne. “The Great Lord’s Un-Holy Bollocks.” Very witty. May I borrow that to use in Court from time to time.’
‘It’s yours, Your Majesty,’ Shaye could hear the groan in Rayne’s tone.
‘Stand, do not bow and scrape on your knees. You are not boys, anymore. You are men. In fact, I believe today is your birthdays. How old are you now, seventeen?’
‘Eighteen, Your Grace,’ Rayne offered, as they came to their feet. Shaye offered a salute with fist to chest, as they both did their best to straighten their spines. ‘Though, it is just another day, really,’ Rayne continued.
‘How fast the time flies,’ Lindren replied. ‘Celebrations of your birth must have always been overshadowed by the Harvest Festival.’
‘We love the Festival, my King,’ Shaye put in, in earnest. ‘It is no bother to either of us.’ He shot Rayne a sidewards warning glare to watch his tongue.
‘Sounds as if there is some history between you and my cousin’s daughter,’ Lindren went on, addressing Rayne. ‘Glad to know you don’t have eyes for my own little girl. That would get you castrated.’
‘Yes, Your Majesty,’ Rayne was holding back tears now. The King chuckled again.
‘I merely jest, young Rayne the Baneless. But you mustn’t make jokes about poor Old Stablemaster Sammy. He has not had the benefit of a nobleman’s education. You two were lucky to be granted such an honour.’
They both stammered in unison, ‘Yes, Your Grace!’ 
‘I look forward to seeing you at the Feast tonight, Rayne. You will do well, as always.’ 
He turned to leave when he paused to look back over his shoulder. ‘And Shaye, if I ever hear you speak of my daughter’s bosom, or backside, or any other of her precious parts, I will have to remove your tongue.’
‘I hear your words of compassion, my King.’ Shaye thought he might faint from the way the stable floor and walls began to tilt. ‘I humbly beg your forgiveness.’
The King was then on his way, and as he passed one of the thick wooden supports along the stone wall, one of his Aldebrands stepped out into view. Shaye had missed them too. They must’ve all arrived while he was busy mucking out one of the stalls. It was the tall, dark haired Rukon Jenshiva. 
‘I’ve heard he does that from time to time,’ Shaye said under his breath. ‘Dresses as a commoner and works amongst the people, to learn what they say and how they think.’
Rayne hardly seemed to have noticed, as he stared into space saying, ‘What right do I have to serve at a Royal Banquet? I’m of no noble birthright. I’m not even a bastard!’
‘I beg to differ,’ came the voice of another of Lindren’s bodyguards. ‘I’ve always thought of you as quite the bastard.’ Shaye turned to see the other Aldebrand step into the lamplight, removing the dark hood of those damned Aldebrand cloaks that drank in shadows to make them almost invisible to the untrained eye. Hax Callifrax was young and slender, and people feared him like they feared the plague. Rayne froze and then looked over his shoulder to see the slightly older man step forward and clasp him by the shoulder. ‘Just larks, old chap.’ Hax smiled in a charming way. When he wasn’t deadly serious, he did have a decent sense of humour. ‘But seriously, Rayne, good luck with the Princess.’
Rayne sighed, then groaned. He didn’t take it well when people knew which young- woman he had his eye on. Being the fact that this one was nobility, would put him in an awkward position socially about the Kingdom.
‘I have to head back to the scullery,’ Rayne said, holding the still sealed letter under Shaye’s nose. ‘Can I trust you with this?’
‘I won’t lie to you, Rayne. I will probably read the entire thing till I know it three times backwards, the minute you’re out the door.’ He gave his old pal his best smile, knowing his eyes would be full of mirth. 
‘I haven’t got time to argue,’ Rayne said. ‘Make sure Old Sam gets it the moment he returns.’
‘On that,’ Shaye replied, ‘you have my solemn vow.’

*** 
Adem and Carl landed somewhere in the forested regions southwest of the city of Akior. Their journey through time via Jean’s now enchanted wedding ring and Angel-Magics of the Arkendriel, had brought them to the future, no doubt, but they were as of yet unsure when exactly.
Surprisingly, Pendral had not appeared via Portal-Magic for the first few hours of their travels. For some reason they were unable to form a Portal-Spell, so they trudged onwards on foot through sludgy earth and sticky heat.
It was early summer, and although the forest kept out most of the sunlight, the air was humid, and moisture dripped from their pores. They slapped at mosquitoes seeking their feast. When Pendral did arrive, it was not by Portal-Magic. His son had flown the distance from the city of Valmeron. Though Pendral had no answer as to why the Portal-Spells would not open. Apparently, it had started about three weeks before. 
Angel-Magic was still available, never out of reach for those that were trained. But Portal-Spells were impossible to create. It was perplexing to say the least. And at a most inconvenient time and place. There were more than a few mother bears watching over their cubs in these woods. Finding a path around them was making the journey even longer.
Adem could use his Odin Wings to carry Carl a short distance, though they hadn’t bothered with that idea yet as it would be draining to Adem’s stamina and ki’mera levels.
‘Mother will be so happy to see you again,’ Pendral simply beamed with joy. 
Carl snickered. 
Adem groaned. ‘It was not so long ago that I last saw her,’ he admitted. ‘At least from my perspective.’
‘Ah, but she has waited long on your return, Father, as have I.’ They shared an embrace. Pendral then looked about ready to hug Carl. His friend offered a nervous handshake.
‘So, you have only just passed through the time gateways? Since leaving me at the Arkendriel?’ Pendral asked with a confounded expression.
‘Only a few seconds seemed to pass by in between,’ Adem said. ‘I see your whiskers are getting a hint of grey, son.’
‘It should not be this way,’ Pendral replied, ‘but I have been the oldest a lot longer, Father. It has been hundreds of years since I last looked upon you.’ He shrugged his shoulders. ‘Should we get out of here?’
‘What would you suggest?’ Adem asked.
Pendral looked confused. ‘Hasn’t he already been communicating with you?’
It was then that Adem realised what that strange little sensation was in the back of his mind. Like candlelight wrapped in folds of space without stars. Shienden was trying to make contact, and the dragon was only a few miles out from here. 
Their journey through time had been a little disorienting. Over the last few hours while considering their options the fact that Shienden was still alive somewhere in this timeline had not occurred to him until now.
Already knowing the answer, Adem asked Pendral, ‘What has been keeping your attention at Valmeron I wonder?’
Pendral almost blushed with modesty before he grinned widely. ‘Yes, Father, I have met my one true love.’  
‘Tell me about her?’
‘Her name is Kassira Grey-Cloud. A powerful Ael Tarael, and the most beautiful woman I ever met. Except for Mother, of course. Her voice is soft and unassuming. Her eyes like aqua pools under starlight. Long golden hair that is almost pure white. You will adore her, Father.’
Adem felt a sting of regret as he asked, ‘Are you to be married?’
‘We were already wed in the palace chapel seven days ago, Father. I’m so sorry you could not be there. We haven’t told anyone other than Mother yet, but Kassira, she is with child.’
Adem smiled and threw his arms around his son once again. His face contorted with pain to consider that the loss of his son’s beloved may have been the first real tipping point for Pendral on his path to becoming Koriken Demonfist.


***
The kitchens of Valmeron were buzzing with energy this evening. Cooks, bakers, pastry chefs, chocolatiers, were busily preparing the feast for tonight’s celebrations. Bright smiles and warm-hearted, they lived to please their king and his court. Whole hogs, lamb, turkey, chickens, and ducks were turning on spits, juices dripping into the flames that spat and crackled. Breads were baking, hot fruit pies, cakes, cookies, and various other baked desserts were amongst the sights and scents that filled the spacious kitchen areas.
Rayne was more than nervous, after being dressed in the finest of livery, looking very-much the part, for his role as servant at the Royal Banquet. A sheen of sweat covered his brow that had nothing to do with passing by the spits and ovens. He was terrified of making a mistake during the service. He ran through the rules of etiquette three times while waiting for the bread bowls to be filled, with ramakins of soft butter, salt, and pepper shakers on the same silver service trays.
He had tried blending in amongst the young nobility in the buttery. They were amongst the less experienced who were placed there to learn the layout of the larder. Fetching specially requested bottles of wine, condiments, and anything else that was missing or required. It wasn’t long before the head chef was pulling him by the ear to be up front in preparation to serve. Tarryn McClorey was well aware he was to be servant to the king. ‘Now, young Master Rayne, you shouldn’t worry none. You’ll do fine so long as you remember to bow and pour at the appropriate cues, and keep yer eyes lowered, laddie.’ He was lucky she hadn’t sent him to be whipped for being insubordinate. He knew there was no excuse for ducking such responsibility, it was just too much for him to handle.
He was making his way through the servants’ hallways, with a tray in each hand and a third held between his right wrist and elbow, when the urge to relieve himself suddenly came on so strong he nearly wet his pants. He stepped aside from the lines of the other young nobles when the first in line asked what he was about. He explained that he would need to use the lavatory before service. He asked that she serve the king the breads in his stead. The dark- haired beauty did not look at all pleased, though she gave orders for a runner to fetch fresh trays of bread and butter for the king and queen, and Rayne made a hasty side exit as he scampered for the nearest place to piss. 
He realised he’d made a wrong turn somewhere, vaguely recalling that he had taken a sedative potion earlier in the evening, prepared for him by the Court Druid. They were good friends, so he knew the man would not deliberately put him in a bad situation, but Rayne was now sure his sudden state of dehydration and cloudy state of mind were both linked to having sipped at whatever the old man had put in that vial. 
He found himself in the Royal Guest Quarters, somehow, fumbling in his pocket for the skeleton key that opened all doors to the larder, cellars—he was one of the only servants with such a key, as part of his duties this evening to serve the king—as well as other doors that he hoped included one of these. He was desperate when he tried a nearby door! The lock clicked, opening to a darkened sleeping chamber, except for the light of hot coals on the open fire. He dashed inside, moving to the bed to check for a bedpan beneath. There was one; but judging by the weight and sploshing sounds it made, it had already been used. He slid it back while holding his breath. His eyes adjusting to the darkened room found a fine porcelain vase of blue and white standing atop the hearth. He snatched it down and placed it on the floor, taking aim as he sighed with relief to the sound of tinkling waters.
‘Who’s that then?’ came a croaky voice from the middle of the room. At first Rayne had been horrified that the room was still occupied, but his improved vision made out the fact that the bed was made and empty. ‘Making a tinkle, is it?’ the voice asked again. Followed by a throaty chuckle.
‘He can help us, can it?’ came a second voice. This one was noticeably different, but he was soon almost certain the owners of both voices were in no way human. ‘Is it he, Krommet?’ 
There came that curious chuckle again, before the first speaker replied, ‘Yes, I sense that he is the one. Listen dear friend, listen to my words with extra care. You believe you are an orphan, and a man of no lineage or import in this world. But I know the truth of your soul, it shines to me now like a beacon. I knew your father, your true flesh and blood birth parent.’ Rayne’s stream had diminished to a dribble, though he stood in the darkness, listening with intrigue and stunned wonder. ‘Listen to me, boy. I speak the truth! Your father was a great man. I will not speak of his name here and now, but I will tell the tale, if you will but set me free.’
Rayne now wore a knowing grin, buttoning up his trousers he replied, ‘I suppose you are innocent of whatever crimes you are accused of? And you will provide me this precious knowledge if I but let you go and tell no one.’
‘Things are not so simple as this, young man. There are those that will be hunting you, even now on the streets I see shadowy figures that seek your blood. You are not just a simple heir to House and fortune, my boy. You are perhaps the only man left alive who can save this world from Eternal Damnation.’
Rayne made out the source of the voices. Two ornate and gilded chests sat on the floor at the end of the bed, connected to polearms for being carried by a man up front and one behind, similar to a sedan chair. Perhaps two men at each end by the look of the weight of each chest. One was perhaps red with golden edges, the other dark blue and gold. ‘I’m listening,’ he replied, while wondering why the door had not been guarded.
‘Good, listen to me, Rayne, and listen well.’ Rayne then felt a cold chill up his spine, wondering how this little creature could have known his name. ‘When I said your father was great, I meant great in Angel-Magic. He was an Alit’aren of the like that has never been seen before, and other than through you it may never be known again.’ 
‘I suppose you know just where my father is right this moment?’ Rayne asked. ‘You can even lead me to him if I request it?’
‘I will not speak of it further, here and now, boy. Know that you must trust my words and set me free.’
‘And me!’ Squeaked the other voice.
‘NO!’ Krommet bellowed. ‘Not him. He is a demon trickster. He will only cause us trouble.’
‘But what of our deal?’ the demon asked Krommet. ‘You promised me the boy would set us both free. Then I would help both of you to escape.’
‘I do not trust you, Halgahir! You are a creation of the Shadow!’
Rayne used his voice to create a break between their bickering. ‘Wait a minute! If he’s a demon, what are you?’
‘I am a Kjia’hyenti,’ Krommet replied in earnest. ‘A Leaf Aldebrand as we are better known. I have seen many things of your past and future. I know that if you do not help me to escape at the banquet this evening, you will not live to see the dawn.’ A crack of thunder filled the air surrounding the castle.
‘And me too, Lord Rayne!’ Halgahir begged. ‘I know ways to hide you, keep you from your enemies. I can even move you from one place to another in a single leap. It is similar to the Portals your magicians and sorceresses use, though mine is an older magic.’
‘Does he speak the truth?’ Rayne asked Krommet.
‘Unfortunately, it is so,’ the Leaf Aldebrand replied with a groan. ‘I have just now seen that we will need to bring Halgahir along with us. My power is more attuned to defeating demons and other forms of magic spells. This little Dream Nymloc has the ability to help us escape, just as he says he does.’
‘Then why not just make a Portal now, and escape?’ Rayne asked dubiously. 
‘Use your common sense, boy!’ Krommet snapped. ‘Our powers are restricted by these enchanted vessels. The lock and key are of no import to us, merely symbolic of the true magic that holds us within. There is a powerful ward over both of these chests. To break the wards, you must locate the Court Magician of the Duke. The man is tall and thin, his skin weathered like parchment with fluffy long moustaches and a fan of black beard tinged with grey. He is bald as an eggshell with cruel hard eyes like black stone. Do you know him?’
‘I saw him arrive amongst the other guests entering for tonight’s banquet,’ Rayne replied. In truth Rayne had even met the man during a visit to the King’s Druid, Joromel Tusk. ‘Why did he imprison you both?’
‘Do you not know about the war between my people and the mortals?’ Krommet asked.
‘I know a little,’ Rayne replied.
‘Know this, the man’s reasons for keeping us imprisoned are against all laws and treaties that have ever stood between Man, Elf and Kjia’hyenti. Tonight, he would simply have me perform a blessing over the food for the banquet. It would be an enchantment that would delight your king, putting his cousin in good stead with his ruler. But the Duke’s Magician is in fact a Shadowsouled. He has devious plans for Halgahir and me that would put your king and his family in great danger also.’
The Duke’s Magician Rorghan Rhast had seemed hard and perhaps a little cruel when Rayne first met him over a year ago, though he had met him in the company of a mutual friend. Could these little creatures be telling the truth?
‘So, my life is in danger unless I let you go,’ Rayne said slowly. ‘And my king’s life and the lives of his family are also in danger unless I set you free. You know how to talk your way out of a pickle don’t you. Why didn’t you try this one on old Rorghan himself?’
‘Rorghan is a traitor to the crown and a Servant of the Shadow, boy! Heed my words while there is still time! Consider this, how did I know your name if I am not who I claim to be?’
Rayne couldn’t answer that one, and suddenly he began to think that perhaps it was all truth. ‘What do I have to do to set you free?’
 ‘Yes, Lord Rayne,’ Halgahir crooned with glee. ‘Listen to us, you must do as Krommet say.’
 ‘Yes, dear boy!’ Krommet replied, followed by a chuckle of delight. ‘Don’t you see it is the only way?’

***
Elmira Golden-Braid, former Queen of the Torvellen, sat reclining casually in her deep, high-backed chair. Warm red velvet cushioning plush against her spine and shoulders. Her chair had padded armrests and was suitable for the highest of nobility at such a feast. It was rare to experience such opportunities that so painfully reminded her of what it was once like to be filthy rich. She fought down the instinctual urge to chew her fingernails. Something she often did when thinking of past regrets.
Her outfit was not exactly high-nobility fashion, a plain blue silk gown with white lace across the bodice and layered upon the wide hanging sleeves. Her cloak was not silk however, just a clean white wool, immaculately clean despite many days in the saddle. She had cleaned it with strands of Earth-and-Air-Magic to brush it free of dust and dirt.
‘You look troubled,’ her husband whispered. She glared at him with a nervous grin. He was still so perceptive. Age had not dulled the man’s wits. Her ears would be the only ones to even detect his voice above the waves of sounds from the merriment of mostly mortals, shouts, laughter, excitable conversations. As well as musicians and singers orchestrating a blissful harmony that danced through the air like Fairy Spirits of Sound. 
‘I was just deep in thought,’ she replied. ‘Thinking of the past.’ He frowned at that, he would guess what troubled her, or near enough. Dressed in Alit’aren black coat and trousers, his Aldebrand cloak was layered across the back of the chair behind him, carving a thick shadow across the wood that drank in light. Candelabras and lanterns lit up the dining hall in burning bright amber, warm oranges, and sharp crimson. There was a lot more silver in his beard and moustache than there had been during his reign as Torvellen King. That was over five-hundred years ago now. The man was nearing his second millennium. How much longer would he last?
Elmira was much younger. It was not something her people often talked about, and women especially, but her fears that she may outlive him were often exacerbated when Orion and Tobin would sit on the porch smoking those ghastly pipes of theirs. Tobacco had killed many an Immortal during her upbringing. For a time, it was very popular, before they began to link the smoking with the failing health and eventually deaths. ‘What is it now?’ he asked with concern. ‘Oh nothing,’ she replied, then hesitated a moment before adding, ‘But you did promise you’d give up that bloody pipe of yours.’
‘I haven’t had a puff the entire journey,’ he replied.
‘Yes, well that’s my point. If you can go so long without it, why do you start again after you’ve stopped?’
‘Well I never!’ He wasn’t looking at her when he spoke those words, and she should have guessed he was no longer addressing her. His emotions were aflame! She followed his line of sight to land smack bang on the biggest surprise she could have ever hoped for other than triplets!
‘Is that who I think it is?’ Elmira’s soul lit up as if it were a dry field struck by Lightning hurled by the Fist of God.
‘I think it must be,’ Orion sounded stunned. His expression was mixed bewilderment and pure elation. They were staring at a boy of eighteen years or less, tall for a mortal, though she already knew he was a mixed blood. It was his face that told the tale. She had only ever met two other men that had that same face in her lifetime. Pendral Dragon-Sword and Adem Highlander. His pointed ears were hidden beneath long fringes tied back to overlap the tips, but otherwise the resemblance was remarkable. It had to be the son of Pendral. 
But how did they miss this? They had spies in Valmeron. Why hadn’t anyone else put the pieces together before now? Of course! Pendral had spent months here in Valmeron around nineteen years ago. Though Elmira had never even heard a whisper of a rumour that the man had been in love!
‘Stop staring,’ Orion spoke at a whisper once more. She averted her gaze as the boy looked her way. Her focus now taking in the entire room of servants waiting on tables, the musicians, performers, and members of the court. But her eyes were always monitoring the young man in cobalt-and-cream silk coat and trousers, boots of pure white like some hero of legend. And he would be! 
This man was the world’s last hope. A male heir of the line of Dragon-Sword. It was greater luck than she would ever have thought possible. She would bet the world in a game of dice that this boy had been born during the Storm of Odin’s Return, making him a Child of Odin as well as the son of Pendral Dragon-Sword. 
Elmira wore a wicked grin of pure delight.

***
Rayne was making his apologies to the king for his lateness, kowtowing solemnly as Lindren waved it aside with a slight grin. Rayne could feel his daughter’s eyes on him also, she sat to the king’s right, in a sparkling silver gown and tiara, dark flowing locks and that generous bosom Shaye had made mention of, though Rayne did his best to keep his eyes lowered to their hands or the table before them.
He was making his bows to exit and fetch the king’s wine when he heard the unmissable Princess Victoria calling his name. ‘Rayne! Rayne, darling, do come and say hello, won’t you?’ For the briefest moment, their eyes met, and he remembered the girl he had played with in the castle when they were only four. The first girl he’d ever kissed, who had then told him he had no idea how it was done. The first girl to slap his cheek when he made a remark that was far too forward for someone of his station. His first and only true love.
‘Hello, Victoria,’ he said, bowing low to her as she draped an arm over Lindren’s eldest son, the pair of them looking quite the couple, despite being second cousins. But of-course it wasn’t that long ago that cousins often married within nobility. How disgusting to even consider, though these two looked like they might have already had a taste.
‘Rayne, darling, you look simply stunning,’ Victoria said with a sigh. ‘What good fortune to be serving His Majesty. How did you receive such an honour?’
‘Just fine luck, as you say, Princess.’ He bowed again, ‘Now, if you would excuse me?’
‘Oh, do come and say hello again later in the evening, won’t you?’
‘I shall do my best, Victoria,’ he was often nervous about saying her name, as he always felt he put so much emphasis into it. ‘You look lovely, as ever.’ She did too. Her physique was bronzed skin over slender muscle and bone, her face was that of the finest lineage of princesses and duchesses going back seven centuries. Sparkling black eyes and long dark hair tied up around her head in intricate braids. She was elegant, divine, and utterly heartbreaking. More so for the fact that she would never he his.
Yet tonight for the first time ever, he was almost certain he too was of a House of great nobility, and his father was apparently a formidable wielder of teron. Perhaps someday she would see him not as a lowly servant boy with a bit of an education, but rather as an equal. For the briefest of moments, he stood there happy as a duck in a puddle. He looked her in the eye again, smiling broadly, and it seemed at that moment her breath caught. The prince did not look pleased at this. ‘Shouldn’t you be running along now, Rayne?’ he asked with a raised brow. They were not friends, but nor was the young man ever cruel to him. In this case it seemed he was just trying to seduce his uncle’s daughter; and preferred no interruptions. Rayne bowed again, grimacing as he made a swift exit.


***


Wil and Elarja left the Arkendriel ahead of Adem, Carl and Pendral. Having obtained the Fists of Odin as well as two other trophy items for completing the course before Adem, Wil was hoping to return to his wife and win the battle before suppertime. But it was not to be.
Elarja said the Time Stones were malfunctioning again. When they made the first jump, they arrived on a green field scattered with violet-blue boulders, somewhere close to the South Sea coastline. He could smell the sea salt in the air, grey clouds overhead and a light drizzle. The date was only a short while before Odin’s Return, the second great lightning storm that heralded the birth of Rayne Dragon-Sword and the Second Born Children of Odin. It was about a year or less away according to Elarja, perhaps eight or nine months before judging by the season, and that got Wil thinking. What if he returned to his wife in this timeline? They could spend the next five hundred years together preparing for the Ragnarök Battle. Then it struck him, Enserah would also still be alive! She was no longer joined to his spirit as a Battle Angel and had not been in the distant past where he’d entered the Arkendriel. This gave him some hope that he might have a chance to alter the timelines.
‘I know what is on your mind, Wil Martyr,’ Elarja said in a troubled tone. ‘It would be most unwise to visit your wife and daughter. It could spell disaster for us and them if the timelines begin to unravel any further. You will need to keep your connection to her blocked as well, to avoid her coming for you. Do not let your Battle Angels discuss your presence here with Druantia either.’ Wil growled as he hung his head. ‘I will attempt to return you to Hayley in the true present as soon as I am able. For now, can you tell me if Adem and Carl are here too, in this timeline?’
Wil reached out with his senses, and he was certain he could sense both of his friends, before his Battle Angels confirmed the location. ‘Northeast of here,’ he said, pointing a direct line to them. 
‘How far?’ Elarja asked.

***
Adem, Carl and Pendral sat in a small dining room within a lively inn aptly named The Three-Eyed Cock. The patrons were served by what looked like tavern wenches for barmaids, if they weren’t straight out whores serving drinks between customers. Apparently, the place had a reputation for brawls when the drinks began to flow, though the mood was jolly enough when they entered, making their way to the private room when the innkeeper saw Pendral and waved him over. Ironically, the innkeeper had only one good eye. He was a well-built fellow, balding, with the other eye covered with a patch over a double scar that ran from scalp to chin. He looked like he’d lost a fight with a grizzly. 
This was one of the private rooms where Pendral and his wife would often meet during their courtship. It was vital that nobody ever found out about his marriage, and especially that Kassira was to give birth to Pendral’s heir. But of course, the Jinn-Lord would already know, Adem realised, as they sat at the thick polished oak table and ordered a round of drinks. ‘Three Shipwrecks for starters,’ Pendral told a scatty looking wench with a gap between her middle teeth. Adem wondered if the innkeeper was also an abusive pimp. If Pendral trusted the man enough to keep his marriage to Kassira a secret, he doubted the man was dodgier than he looked, though he did look dodgy. ‘And a bottle of house wine for my mother and her lady friends.’
‘Your lady friend coming too, mi’lord?’ the young woman asked with a sneaky grin. ‘I seen the two a’ya’ ‘olding ‘ands and all. A right proper woman she is. Suited to a man a’yer standing, if ya’ don’t mind me sayin’ so mi’lord?’ Pendral’s face was shrouded in a dark velvet hood, and Adem and Carl also wore their Aldebrand cloaks over their faces. Adem was watching her from the rim of the hood, he didn’t trust her one bit. ‘And who is yer’ drinkin’ pals this evenin’, mi’lord?’
‘That’s enough out of you, jezebel!’ snapped the innkeeper. He came bustling over carrying wine goblets and what looked like something much older than a house wine under one arm. ‘God-dammit woman, I’ve told you never to interrupt my guests during their private dining!’
‘I wuz just asking wot they wuz ‘avin’, Big John,’ she replied with hands on her hips, ‘don’t treat me like I’ze daft.’
‘Get back to serving the regulars or you’ll be out on your arse!’ Big John bellowed. ‘Apologies, my Lord,’ he placed the bottle and goblets on the table. They were polished silver, finely crafted and obviously reserved for special customers such as Pendral. Pendral was likely the only lord to grace this establishment since, well…ever! You’d find finer whores in a back alley. 
‘That woman talks entirely too much,’ Pendral said, gazing her way as she left in a huff. He said no more, but the threat implied was blatant.
‘She didn’t mean nothing by it, Lord Pendral,’ Big John implored. ‘Spare the poor wench if you please. Her old mother is blind and senile. She works six nights a week to feed the two of them, and her little one. He’s just a boy, my lord, have mercy.’
Adem was stunned to see this sudden change in Pendral, though it had in fact been hundreds of years since they last saw him as a younger man. He had changed. His expression was serious, reserved, but there was a hint of darkness about him, like a shadow clung to his form, resonating evil. 
‘Pendral?’ Adem pleaded, and he saw his son shiver. ‘Let it go, won’t you?’
Pendral sighed with his head bowed, then that joyful look returned. ‘Of course, Father, I shall do was you wish.’ It was as if he had passed through a veil of shadows to enter the burning sunlight. But for those brief moments, Adem had noted that Pendral had changed entirely. He was worn by centuries of wielding Angel-Magic, and his love for Kassira made him dangerous as a feral wolf when he feared she might be harmed. Adem admitted to himself that he was no different when it came to protecting Jean or Isabelle, but what he saw worried him. He glanced at Carl to see his friend was thinking the exact same thing. Too much time had already passed. They had missed their chance to save him, again. 
‘Why doesn’t she seek an Ael Tarael to Heal her mother?’ Adem asked. Big John bowed and dry-washed his hands as he spoke. ‘They’re New Order Christians, my lord.’ As Adem stared without comprehending, Pendral indicated with a gesture that he would explain later. When the innkeeper had returned to the kitchens, Pendral told how Carl Wilder’s recording of the Bible had created various sub-categories of the introduced religion. 
‘New Order Christians don’t allow Angel-Magic to be used on them,’ he said. ‘They are against anything that ties Angel-Magic of the Jinn-Lord to humankind. As both teron and terael have been tainted for over five-hundred years, New Order Christians consider it an abomination to wield it.’
Adem glanced at Carl who was studying Pendral with a curious expression, before his friend asked, ‘What could be the trouble with that? It is a necessary evil, but evil, nonetheless. I see no problem with avoiding a source of magic that allows men and women to become possessed by devils.’
‘It seems foolish to not allow a blind woman to see,’ Pendral replied in a strained tone. ‘But that is not the half of it. The New Order are organised. They have soldiers, tens of thousands of them. They have captains, generals, garrisons and commanders.’
‘Do they create trouble for the wielders?’ Adem asked.
‘They do what they can to meddle with our politics,’ Pendral replied. ‘They’ve made outrageous demands and attempted to see them enforced by the Kings of Elves and Men. One argument they have in their favour is Jean Fairsythe’s declarations. The Jinn Arts and male wielders have been outlawed since the Sons and Daughter first arrived in Kismeria. But over the centuries, many communities, races and armies have ignored those commands.’
‘Like General Tarz and his Forsaken army,’ Carl stated in understanding.
‘The New Order are smart enough not to try to intimidate us,’ Pendral said, ‘but they are forever petitioning the courts to enforce the laws against male wielders, and also against women wielding the Jinn Arts. But if they had their way, every one of us would be guillotined or hung from a gibbet for our crimes against God.’ He spoke the last words in disbelief.
‘Are there any New Order soldiers in Valmeron?’ Carl asked.
‘There are thousands camped a few hours ride from here. North. King Lindren will not allow them to enter the city, but they push their weight around as best they can.’
Adem was now studying Carl as he watched his friend weighing up the pros and cons of such a development. Adem had never heard of the New Order in the true present, five hundred years in the future. So, they were either destroyed, disbanded, or went into hiding.
 ‘The ladies are here,’ Pendral said as a side door opened, suddenly on his feet as four  women entered, hooded in thick velvet cloaks of rich embroidery in gold and silver on scarlet, amber, bronze and navy. They were laughing at something, chatting softly together, when they stopped to remove their hoods. Isabelle wore the navy cloak worked with gold, and when her gaze fell on Adem, he swallowed a hard lump in his throat. She looked more beautiful than he had ever seen her. Big dark orbs lantern-lit with an insatiable lust. Cherry red lips pouting on her perfect oval face. Her skin had a bronzed glow, apple red cheeks and glossy black hair falling past her shoulders. His heart was suddenly filled with a sensual warm desire and a soft, cool white light. 
‘Hello, Isabelle,’ he managed a quick smile. ‘It’s lovely to see you again.’
‘My handsome hero has returned,’ she said with a white toothed grin. He was also standing now, and they moved together for an embrace. ‘I’ve missed you terribly,’ she whispered.
‘Me too,’ he admitted. He then met Pendral’s wife, Kassira. She was gorgeous, regal, and benevolent as an angel. She wore the amber cloak. The other two women were very attractive Ael Tarael, one of them a brunette. The other had strawberry blond hair and nice curves. They were all in the middle of being introduced when the door opened, and Big John came in to announce another visitor. It was then that both Adem and Carl could sense Wil standing just outside the door. Their Battle Angels confirmed the fact, and so Wil must have been blocking his connection to them up until now. ‘Show him in,’ Adem replied, without waiting for a name.
Wil entered, wearing his Aldebrand cloak, and he threw back the hood once Big John exited. Adem, Carl and Wil gathered together for a group hug, laughing with joy to be reunited. ‘The Fists?’ Adem asked when they had all caught up.
‘Our friend has them. He had to go away on other business.’ That meant Elarja, and Adem recalled the need to keep certain information secret from Pendral. ‘I did bring this though,’ Wil said, holding up a gourd of what must have been more Druid potion. 
‘That won’t last us long,’ Adem said with a grimace.
‘I should have grabbed a few extra gourds before …’ he glanced at Pendral. ‘You only need a few drops each, it’s stronger than the first batch. We can share it.’
‘Share what?’ Pendral asked. Adem turned to explain what he could, and when the eight of them were seated at the large dining table, Wil provided a small amount to be added to the cups of wine for the women, and the mugs of dark ale for the men. Adem was about to take a sip when he said, ‘Didn’t our Druid friend say not to mix this with alcohol?’
‘This is a new recipe,’ Wil said. ‘He says a few drops in the morning will even cure a hangover. Bottoms up.’ Adem insisted they play a drinking game to make sure Pendral didn’t keep a single drop for testing later. Each took a turn to finish their drink in three gulps while the others slapped the tabletop and cheered as they finished. Adem studied Pendral like a hawk as his son downed the tankard first. Pendral seemed to enjoy the revelry. He collected the mugs when they finished and put them on a nearby tray, pulling the cord to ring the bell outside. Big John soon entered to collect them, after serving a fresh round of drinks. When Adem sat back down Pendral asked, ‘Might I take a small sample, Father? I’ve been trying to work out the best formula for half a millennium.’
‘I know it’s important to you, son,’ Adem said softly. ‘Just know that now is not the time.’ He lifted the fresh tankard and proposed a toast. ‘To my son and new daughter in law,’ again he spoke so quietly that only an immortal spy would hear through the thick walls and noise of the crowded common room. ‘May they live in happiness forever after,’ the words nearly froze on his lips as he realised his foolishness. He wondered what might happen if he could alter chance; and save Pendral’s wife from whatever fate had in store for her. Perhaps then Pendral would not turn evil at all. 
Adem could already see the cogs turning in his son’s mind, as he would wonder why he was not allowed to learn the formula. Questions would follow, and Adem was not prepared to answer any of them.

***
Rayne was staring groggily at King Lindren’s wine goblet as he relayed details about the vintage, simply part of the pomp of such an occasion. Even without looking at his face, Rayne could sense Lindren was bored out of his brain. Perhaps he also suspects I’ve been necking a few, Rayne thought with a cold shiver. That sedative potion was really kicking in, his mind was in a fog, though the meeting with Krommet and Halgahir still had him on edge like a smoker in a fireworks factory. He could hardly believe the story those two little creatures had told him, but it had ignited a spark of intrigue within him that now burned with a growing warmth and electrifying fervour.
 The Duke’s Magician Rorghan Rhast was standing a few feet behind him, and Rayne was doing his best to act casual as the two chests carrying the Leaf Aldebrand and Dream Nymloc were carried into the centre of the tables as all eyes fell on Rhast. Rayne felt a trickle of sweat down the sides of his temples, he was prone to perspiration whenever he was extremely nervous. Right now, he was ready to drip buckets!
Rayne gave up his spiel about the wine and poured for the king as Rhast began to address his audience. ‘Lords and ladies, knights, squires, Alit’aren and Ael Tarael,’ he paused a moment to revel in their attentive anticipation, ‘and of course the Esteemed Duke Mark, and Your Majesty, King Lindren, and your families, I beg the favour of your attention for just a few moments.’ There was laughter and great applause as the Duke and King and their wives waved to the honoured guests. The young nobles waiting at tables stood to attention but were not ordered to leave their station, which gave Rayne the chance he needed. Krommet had been able to foresee that if Rayne held his post at the King’s table long enough, he would be right next to Rhast when he put on this display. He turned to see the man gleefully admiring his own capacity to dazzle a crowded room with his voice alone. He must’ve appeared quite grand in his robe of emerald-green and sapphire-blue silk, though all Rayne could see was a decrepit, bony-limbed Shadowsouled with a hooked beak of a nose and eyes like a hungry raven. He wanted to rip those eyes out with his bare hands, but Krommet had warned the man was exceptionally dangerous, and Rayne was just a simple servant of the kingdom with little training in combat. 
He began to wonder what hope there was in all this.
‘I should like to introduce two little fellows who are honoured to delight you with their intricate spells,’ Rhast continued. ‘One is of the Kjia’hyenti clans, a genius with spells to enhance the flavours, texture and enjoyability of food, ale and wine.’ At these words Rhast fumbled around in a pouch at his waist and suddenly a cloud of blue smoke burst from the blue chest, resulting in an audience gasping in awe. Then there stood Krommet, a pale blue furred figure with a melon shaped skull no taller than two feet, and half as wide. He wore a little red coat with golden buttons and black trousers with a golden stripe down the sides, tucked into pixie sized boots of a brilliant emerald. The little creature glanced around nervously for a moment, taking care not to look at Rayne, then he bowed half his height and was soon performing for the crowd like a circus chimpanzee. 
Cheers and applause filled the room as Rhast reached into the pouch again, and in a dark cloud a smaller figure appeared floating above the red chest. Halgahir was formed of pure sleek black skin with thin black horns; sleek eyes burning garnet. More gasps of wonder followed, as Rhast spoke boldly to declare, ‘This little one is of the demon realm, though he is under my control. A very rare form of Dream Nymloc, he will add to the spell that is now enhancing your meals and beverages. The result will be fine dreams when you retire for the evening. Wondrous dreams!’ The crowd burst into applause as the two figures began to wield what must be flows of Angel-Magic, that Rayne could actually see, so he supposed everyone else could too.
Streams of thin light in various colours passed from their fingertips to float out and around the room, landing to rest on glazed hogs, turkeys, roast beef, and various other dishes including duck, pheasant, chicken and quail. The audience made sounds of enjoying the spectacle when Rhast called for a toast. Everyone raised their tankards and goblets as Rhast spoke. ‘I should like to dedicate this token gesture to the fond friendship between the Duke and his cousin, King Lindren.’ He watched with glee as all took a deep draught of their beverages. This was Rayne’s moment, and in his dazed state, he could only think to do one thing. The 300-year-old vintage smashed down around Rhast’s bald pate, bringing gasps of shock from the crowd. Rhast did not stumble or fall, and he turned to glare at Rayne with rivers of fine red flowing about his gills, pointing a gnarled finger with mouth open wide. Rayne swung the pure silver serving tray so hard up the side of Rhast’s face, he wondered if he cracked the Magician’s skull. This time he fell like a tree when the woodcutter yells, ‘Timber!’  
‘Rayne, what the hell?’ Lindren croaked, sounding outraged. When Rhast fell, his hand released two marble sized orbs, one deep blue and the other red. Each was lit by a burning centre.
‘Now, boy!’ Krommet roared. ‘Do it now or all is lost!’
Fighting for clarity, Rayne saw the two stones rolling across the paved floor and dashed like a hare to stomp on each with the heel of his boot. Both made crunching sounds like crushed glass. It was then that Halgahir began a high whiny giggle. Krommet too began to chuckle, soft, deep rumbles from his throat that carried in the air as if by another spell.
‘Forgive me, lords and ladies, my Duke and King,’ Krommet said with another bow. ‘We did not do what we have done out of spite; but know that my friend’s sleeping spell will work faster than Rhast had planned.’ Cries of fear and panic sounded from all around. ‘Though let this be a lesson to the Realms of Elves and Men for breaking the Old Accords.’ Lindren was standing now as he cried, ‘Guards! Seize them!’
Rayne was wide awake now, just as everyone around him toppled over onto their plates of food, wine goblets and ale tankards spilling onto the tables and floor as Rayne stared in shocked horror. Even Lindren fell face down across a small, glazed hog with an apple in its mouth, one hand gently resting on the hog’s posterior. All except for those waiting on tables who stood aghast, and those two immortals that had been staring at him earlier. Either they were immune to the spell, or they were not stupid enough to drink. The woman was a stunning blonde beauty, her Aldebrand was surely the tiger-hilted warrior Shaye had met in the stables. Both were on their feet now as they gazed at him intensely. The dark cloak over the man’s chair made Rayne think of Krommet’s warning. Shadowy figures seeking him out.
‘Can you create the Portal?’ Krommet was shouting at Halgahir. 
‘Not yet!’ the Dream Nymloc yelped in reply.
‘Then run, boy!’ Krommet bellowed. ‘Run for your life and don’t look back. We will catch up with you!’
Rayne dashed towards the nearest line of tables along the left flank as guards began to fan out with spears lowered. Rayne heard a woman crying out. ‘Young man, wait!’ He guessed it was the Ael Tarael, but he did not know who he could trust. So, he jumped onto the table, leapt over a pork pie and between two chairs to land on his feet. The woman cried again, ‘Rayne, stop!’ He ran so fast he remembered that when he was a boy, the other mortal children had called him Gale. 

Chapter 19


Breath of Fire

Pendral excused himself from the revelry to make his way to the restrooms. When he entered a stall, he wielded an ingenious Portal-Spell, siphoning a very small portion of the miracle potion from inside the gourd at Wil Martyr’s belt. He had placed a marker on the gourd that was invisible and undetectable to the Sons of Odin, allowing the potion to fill a small vial he kept within the pockets of his cloak. At the same time, he opened another Portal-Spell to his laboratory where he worked on his own potions. His hand reached through the small opening in space to pick up a flask of a formula of his own he’d been working on for many years.
When he returned to the dining hall, he was followed by Big John carrying a fresh tray of ales and new bottle for the women. When the drinks were poured and they were left alone, Pendral announced, ‘This is something I’ve been working on for some time, Father. I call it, Odin’s Tears.’
‘Is it an effective cure?’ Adem asked.
‘I believe when combined with another drop from Wil Martyr’s gourd, it will have the right effect. I must warn you though, it has quite a kick.’
His father looked uncertain to try it at first, then he smiled and encouraged his friends to share another round. And so, after Wil Martyr added a drop of his own potion to every stein and goblet, Pendral also added a drop of Odin’s Tears.
And it certainly had some kick, only enhanced tenfold when combined with Wil Martyr’s potion. As the night continued, Pendral voiced his concerns further about the New Order Christians camped close to the city.
‘They are building something, Father,’ Pendral explained. ‘Lots of metal alloys, lots of timber, they cut down entire forests to make whatever it is they are working on.’
‘Have you ever attempted to enter their worksites?’ Adem asked with intrigue.
‘I had planned on it,’ Pendral explained, ‘but they have wielders working for them. I fear they would detect my presence even in a disguise of Illusion-Magic. Whatever they are building, I believe it has something to do with their incessant attempts to outlaw all forms of magic.’
‘Who is their commander?’ Adem asked.
‘High-General Robert Ducharme. A pompous churchy git so full of pride he could sink a navy battleship! A vehement Christian with a venomous ire towards anyone that wields the simplest of spells.’
‘So, he must hate you most of all,’ Adem said.
‘Not quite,’ Pendral replied with a smirk. ‘He has an exceptional fondness for the legacy of the Sons of Odin, and he admires me for my rank and heritage.’
‘You mean he likes royals?’ Adem asked.
‘He does at that,’ Pendral admitted with an amused wink. ‘But he is rumoured to be captivated by the legends of the son of the Blue Water Dragon more than any other.’ 
‘Despite your ability to wield,’ Adem stated.
‘Yes, well, call it a begrudging admiration,’ Pendral replied. ‘I still believe he would gladly see me chained and muzzled like a rabid wolf if he had his way about it. That’s what makes me so nervous about whatever it is they are building.’

***
Rayne was sprinting with the speed of a half-blood throughout Valmeron Castle. He often heard the shouts of guards in pursuit, but he was simply too fast for them to have a chance at catching up with him. They would have his path blocked if they became more organised anytime soon, however. Krommet’s plan allowed for this. Halgahir had apparently placed a sort of marker upon Rayne, and whenever he managed to create one of those Portal-Spells of his, the plan was that the three of them would be reunited somewhere outside the castle walls.
But they should have crafted the spell already! Something must have gone wrong. He raced past startled servants and royal guests of the castle that had not been present at the banquet. They glared at him through his blurred vision as he dashed by like a storm wind. He knew all of the servant passageways throughout the castle entire, and he used these whenever possible to stay out of sight of guards on patrol. At times he slowed his pace to casually walk by guards he could not get past otherwise, and it worked! He kept an even breath despite having sprinted though half the higher floors of the King’s Quarters, and the alarm had obviously not been raised on these lower levels yet, so the guards were none the wiser.
He was passing by two guards armed with halberds in polished silver armour and bright red coats when the alarm bells sounded. They were the castle’s High Tower Bells. They were only sounded in the event that an attempt had been made on the life of the King! The two men grunted from behind their face guards, then one of them shouted, ‘Oi! Hold it there, sonny!’ Just as Rayne took off in another mad dash for freedom.
In the end he realised it was all for nothing. He slowed to a hop, skip and a jump to skid into a full stop when he saw the path ahead was blocked by thirty armed guards. As he stood waiting for them to approach, a sufficient number of guards shuffled into place at the opposite end of the hall. He recognised their leader’s voice when Captain Horace Gallowgate shouted, ‘Christ Almighty, Rayne! What the hell have you done now?’ Rayne began to imagine what life would be like living in a dank cell till the end of his days, when a shimmering translucent wall of colourful light morphed into being before his eyes. The colours swirled to reveal snow falling on the darkened city streets on the other side, and there stood the little melon headed Leaf Aldebrand with a red eyed shadow peering from the alley over his shoulder. ‘Run, boy!’ Krommet bellowed. ‘Run like the Devil is on your heels!’

***
Krommet paced back and forth in the alleyway when Rayne Dragon-Sword was safely through the Portal-Spell, that closed immediately behind him to assure his escape. ‘We need a plan,’ Krommet murmured to himself, pounding his tiny fist against his paw-shaped open palm. ‘I have not foreseen this far ahead. My sinister friend had trouble forming a normal Portal because he says there is a power here that blocks the normal kind he uses. The one you stepped through was basically a blending of his secret world and the physical realm. It was dangerous to be sure, but I was able to foresee that you would escape, safe and sound.’
He gave a little bow to the frazzled young Dragon-Sword as he stood hunching in the alleyway, rubbing his arms as the cold began to set in. 
‘At your service, Lord Rayne,’ said Halgahir in his sneaky tone.
‘Lord?’ Rayne asked aghast. ‘Am I truly a lord then?’
‘We will speak of it when are free, boy,’ Krommet continued. ‘For now, we need to find a way outside the city walls. I will not risk another of those Portals, so we need to disguise ourselves to get through the city gates.’
‘It will never work!’ Halgahir shrieked. ‘We need to take him through the Dream-Gate!’
‘Keep your voice down, fool!’ Krommet grumbled. ‘I need to think. I need another vision. We need to—Arrrrgh!’ It was at that moment that blue lightning encased Krommet’s entire form, and the next instant he was standing back in the banquet hall of Valmeron, with Rhast staring down at him with that horrid black beard and beady raven’s eyes. It was no surprise that the man looked terribly vexed! 
‘Little bastard vermin!’ Rhast shouted dripping venom. ‘Halgahir, wake the King and his guests, immediately!’
Krommet groaned when he heard Halgahir whimpering over his shoulder, and moments later the entire banquet hall of sleeping guests began to wake from their prescribed dreams. Gasps of terror abounded as the Duke asked Rhast, ‘What is the meaning of this?’
Krommet felt his attempt to name Rhast a Shadowsouled shoved back into his mouth with a spell of Air-Magic.
‘Forgive me, a thousand apologies, my Duke, my King. I believe there is no need to question the fact that the young servant who knocked me unconscious was a Shadowsouled working for none other than the Jinn-Lord. He made attempts to escape with these two rascals. I was able to return them to my command, though the boy is still on the run.’
‘Guards!’ Lindren shouted. ‘Arrest Rayne the Baneless! It pains me deeply to admit it, but the boy must hang for this treachery!’
Krommet was then returned to the chest that was his prison. In the darkness he said a silent prayer to the Old Gods for Rayne Dragon-Sword. Run dear boy. I see many dangers ahead for you and your friends.

***

The evening from that point onwards was a supercharged blur. Adem, Carl and Wil were the life the of the party as their entire entourage soon made their way to the common room of the Three-Eyed Cock, and the patrons cheered and hollered as they danced on tabletops, on the bar, swung from chandeliers and danced to the beat and melody of four musicians and a female singer. At any other time, the tunes they played, and the voice of the woman would have made Adem cringe, but in this state, it sounded as if the heavens had opened to release the songs of angels. He was in a heightened state of ecstasy. His skin tingled like a blanket of ice. His flesh warm as an open hearth. His breath was fire. His soul was a burning beacon of energy as if the sun were in his heart.
He stood on the bar looking down at Isabelle after raising another toast to love, freedom and family. Isabelle sat on a tall stool with Kassira and the other Ael Tarael women standing to either side. She gazed up at him with warm passion burning in her gaze. Her ruby lips were wet, and her smile was delicious.
‘I love this woman!’ Adem shouted over the crowd. The crowd hooted and hollered and broke into applause. ‘I love her more than words could ever say! I’ve lost you more times than I care to think, but now we are reunited once more.’ The crowd went berserk with more laughter and cheers. ‘If it were ever possible, in this life or another, I would make you my wife!’ Isabelle rocked back on her stool as if about to faint as the women around her cradled her, rocking her back and forth as they giggled and squealed. 
‘You are so beautiful, my darling,’ Adem continued. More laughter and applause. ‘To see you now, the woman you’ve become, if we were to meet for the first time tonight, I would believe you were an angel fallen from heaven.’ Isabelle pulled a funny face at that, as the women laughed, and the men booed and hissed. 
‘Cheap one!’ one man cried, to which a bunch of men broke into guttural chuckles.
‘Plagiarism and a cheap pickup line!’ Isabelle retorted with a broad grin. ‘Cliché, my good man. Cliché!’ She then pointed to the man who’d cried out as she shouted, ‘And I hope you were not insinuating that I am some back-alley slapper!’ Groans abounded.
The man feigned an abashed expression, fingers below chin as he bellowed, ‘Not in the slightest, Your Royal ‘ighness. Meant it same as you! Awfully cheap line to throw at one so fine as you, mi’Lady.’ Some uneasy chuckles followed.
‘A cheap line indeed,’ Adem said, ‘my apologies, dear lady. But it’s the truth of my heart. Truth to tell I fell madly in love with you the moment we first met.’ There was an uproar after that though this time Isabelle stared up at him with open delight. ‘If I could make it possible, I would stay with you here till the end of my days.’
‘Stay with me, my darling,’ Isabelle cried with elation, ‘please won’t you stay?’ More laughter and cheers.
‘I love you, my darling,’ Adem said, then when he said “I” he touched both hands to his chest. When he said “love” he drew a big love heart in the air. And when he said “you” he pointed both hands out at her and flapped them together like a dove’s wings. He did this three times until Isabelle stood to glide towards him like a swan on the water. He sat on the bar so she could lean close to whisper in his ear, ‘I’m yours, lover, now and always, but refuse me tonight and you’ll never have another chance.’ It was those last words that made his decision for him. Despite all his best intentions, he soon found himself on unsteady feet and making his way upstairs amidst Isabelle’s passionate kisses and a crowd gone wild with laughter, cheering, clapping, and stomping their feet as the band started up once more.

***

Sometime after Adem and Isabelle had made their way upstairs, Carl and Wil were still revelling in the common room, Carl sipping his fourth, or was it his fifth stein of ale? His vision was hazy, but the miracle potion combined with Pendral’s Odin’s Tears were bringing him up into a state of total bliss and exhilaration. 
Wil appeared to be getting along famously with Cindella, the strawberry blond Ael Tarael who was part of Isabelle’s entourage. Carl’s eyebrows rose to see Wil even putting an arm around her waist as they swayed to the music, tapping stein to goblet as they drank more than they should.
Ellendriel, the dark haired Ael Tarael stood beside Carl at the bar, she wore a shimmering scarlet gown under an Aldebrand velvet cloak. She had warm eyes, a pretty smile. He felt there was a spark between them, so much so that in other circumstances he would have excused himself to turn in early.
But he was in no rational state of mind, despite his awareness of the fact. Finally, the woman placed a ruby-ringed hand over his and said calmly, ‘I wouldn’t mind some fresh air and a chance to stretch my legs.’
He peered at her over his mug as he swallowed a lump in his throat.
‘Care to join me?’ she asked.

***

Isabelle slammed the door behind her as Adem stumbled into the cramped space with a queen-sized bed, a tattered mauve blanket and pink pillow slips, with a single lantern set on the side table. It smelled of cheap perfume and dead rat, but she was in no mood to care. Adem turned with an uncertain grin when she pounced like a raging feline, pushing him onto his back on the bedcover, she lunged to plant herself on top of him as she ripped open his shirt to the sound of buttons popping.
They kissed, or she kissed him, and he barely fought back, until he held her in his arms and time started to drift. But after a while she knew he was doing his best to stay fully clothed. She tried to undo his belt and he moved his hands to pull hers away from it. She managed to get his coat off, but he would not let her remove his shirt despite his bare chest being exposed.
She started to lower her dress down over her shoulders when he sat up and pleaded that they take a break. They were both heaving for breath, she was filled with desire to have him again, but the look he finally gave her assured her that his conscience was winning him over once more.
‘Damn that wretched woman!’ Isabelle snapped. ‘How can she have such a powerful hold over you?’
‘This is about more than just Je—’ Adem began.
‘Do not speak her name!’ Isabelle hissed, cutting him off mid-speech. 
‘It’s about more than just that other woman, then,’ Adem said with a confounded expression. ‘The last time we did this you became pregnant with Pendral.’
‘And he is a beacon of hope for the world and a joy to my heart,’ Isabelle said in puzzlement. ‘What could be wrong with us having another child?’
‘I would not regret the birth of our son no matter what,’ Adem admitted, ‘but there are complications that I cannot go into right now. Even if I allow more kissing and holding one another, I think I could lose control again. I can’t allow that. We can talk, but we can’t … do it.’
Isabelle slid off to one side of him to plonk down on the bed with her legs folded beneath her. ‘Damn it, Adem! I meant what I said. You have refused me for the last time!’
‘Let’s just sit and talk a while,’ Adem suggested. ‘Or better yet, let’s gather the others and we can all go for a walk in the fields. The stars are bright, we’ll bring some bread and cheese, wine and ale and make our own little midnight picnic party.’
Isabelle chuckled, then sighed deeply. ‘If you wish it, my love. I suppose that will have to suffice for quality time spent together.’
‘I’ve had a lot of time to think about the way I’ve treated you,’ Adem explained. ‘I now know that I’ve treated you very badly in the past. I want to try to make it up to you. I just can’t submit to what you really wish of me.’
That really meant something to her. He was being open with her, finally! She could understand his pain, and she appreciated what he was trying to say.
‘Let’s go then, my love,’ she said, kissing his cheek. ‘Our midnight picnic awaits.’

***

Janeanne stood several hundred paces from where Pendral, Rayne, and a host of Heroes of Will stood facing the Shadow Dragon. They were surrounded by Forsaken warriors obviously sent by General Tarz to attempt to kidnap Janeanne once more. But Tobin, Lydia, Elmira, and Terese stood by her side with thousands of Dark Elves as well as Heroes of Will and Children of Odin. There were a scattering of Children also assisting Pendral and Rayne, and the Shadow Dragon appeared pinned to the ground as the skies above lit up with bolts of Angel-Magic blasting the dragon’s dark form as if it were pummelled by fists of light.
Janeanne was communicating with Shienden, and the dragon informed her that he feared this would be his last fight. Despite his exhaustion, the dragon took to the skies once more, as Shienden also sent messages to Pendral to be ready for his assault. 
Pendral formed those pincers of Matter-Manipulation-Magic once again, gripping the Shadow Dragon in vices of glowing purple metals. Odin was again planting his burning spear into the snout of the dragon to force its jaws to the ground. Shienden swooped, dived, and blasted the Shadow Dragon’s form with blankets of Dragon-Flame that covered the creature’s body as the raging conflagration rocketed up into the sky upon impact. It was a glorious blazing blue inferno! Shienden beat his massive wings to take to the skies once more, as Pendral and his warriors fled the surging flames with immortal speed. The Forsaken ran too, moving in formation as they continued to surround Pendral and Rayne, many of them holding those Blocker shields on their arms that prevented the ability to form Portal-Magic.
Pendral and Rayne did not attack the Forsaken at this point however, as all were frantically attempting to flee in case the Shadow Dragon was not yet defeated. But Janeanne watched with a sigh of relief to see ki’mera orbs flowing from that location as the fires began to dissipate. Then when the flames had died low, she saw that the enemy dragon was indeed vaporized. Dragon-Flame was perhaps the only effective means of destroying one of those beasts.
A cheer went up from her surrounding forces, as many of the sprinting Elves looked over shoulders and slowed their pace now that the real danger was eliminated. But scores of Rohgorahl and Morhidrahl were charging forwards in pursuit of the retreating warriors, and they would soon outpace even the speed of Aelfin. 
She sent another request to Shienden, and the dragon appeared again to swoop towards the charging demons. He crash-landed into the earth with a thud that sent vibrations up through Janeanne’s legs! He appeared at the end of his strengths. Then he faced the charging hordes and roared like a thousand lions as he blasted the enemy ranks with magnificent pure white flame! The demons were turned to vapour in an instant, as blankets of blazing heat tore across the landscape to create another wall of burning blue. He had landed between the retreating forces and the demon army and had created another possible respite while they decided what to do about these Forsaken traitors. 
Then another fierce roar was heard in the skies above, and Janeanne looked there to see two Shadow Dragons swooping down towards where Shienden lay, looking broken and defeated. Shienden’s groan was the growl of a giant grizzly, as he beat his wings and began to take flight.
‘Retreat!’ Tobin roared. ‘Run for your lives!’ Janeanne spared a moment to see Pendral and Rayne searching the skies. Then they began to set a double pace as their entire forces ran like the wind was chasing them. Tobin scooped Janeanne back up into his arms as their entire entourage began to bolt as if the Gates of Hell had opened up behind them.

Chapter 20


Odin’s Return

Adem and Isabelle, Pendral and Kassira, Cindella and Ellendriel, Carl and Wil, were soon strolling through the fields towards a small valley that Pendral assured them would be the perfect place for their picnic.
Adem carried a bottle of fine dark ale in one hand, with the other around Isabelle’s waist. All were still fired up by the mixture of the cure potion and Pendral’s Odin’s Tears. It was if rockets were blasting through their very souls. They laughed, cried out loud to the heavens, danced to the words the women sang in soft delicate tones.
Isabelle and the other women carried baskets of bread and cheese, an assortment of nuts, olives, and dried fruits. Big John had even found some blankets for them to lay across the grass when they reached the location. 
They sat under the stars, drinking, and nibbling as they chittered like chipmunks on speed. Everyone was in a state of heightened senses and pure exhilaration. Every half hour or so the effect of the potions seemed to take them up another level.
Then Adem, Carl and Wil began to create a light show of wielding spheres of Angel-Magic, sometimes like a juggling act, or throwing bolts of pure energy straight up into the skies. It seemed the more they used the magic, the more their abilities increased. Soon they were joined in a link by instinct, and the skies came alive with blue bolts that filled the dark night above.
Then it was as if the Angel-Magic took over them, and they roared as they hurled more blasts of blue flame like claws of light shooting hundreds of feet high. It was followed by a fierce boom and a blast of light that seemed to be everywhere all at once. At that point Adem was so alive with Odin-Magic he felt he was about to explode!

***

Pendral shielded his eyes when his father and the Sons of Odin were suddenly surrounded by a brilliant blue, white glow. There was a blast of light and a rumble of thunder, the ground trembled. 
When the light faded, the Sons of Odin had vanished!
‘Father?’ Pendral called. ‘Is this some trick of yours?’
‘Where did they go?’ his mother whined in stark disappointment.
‘I don’t know,’ Pendral said, feeling suddenly very low to consider he may not see his father again for a very long time.
‘Drats!’ his mother said, then after a slight moan she called, ‘Pendral, sweetness, could you hold my hair back for me please? I think I’m about to throw up.’
Pendral sighed as a splitting headache took hold. He needed to perfect his Odin’s Tears formula to avoid these sudden side effects, in this case evidently enhanced and sped up by the miracle potion. At least now he had a sample. ‘Coming, Mother!’


***

Moments after that incredible blast of light and energy, Adem, Carl and Wil found themselves standing in the same valley, only they were now alone, and it was broad daylight! The ground was covered in a thick layer of snow! On top of all that they each groaned as a terrible hangover headache took hold.
They collapsed, holding the sides of their heads as nausea soon followed.
‘What the hell happened?’ Adem asked.
‘Maybe your ring again,’ Carl suggested.
‘You mean, we time travelled?’ Wil asked.
‘How else could it suddenly be daylight?’ Carl asked. ‘And the snow?’
Adem lifted the ring on the toramor chain around his neck, and it did seem to be glowing with a cool blue light within the diamond. He sat stunned as he tried to reason it out.
‘I guess you’re right,’ he said finally. ‘I really hope we went forwards.’
‘Me too,’ Wil said, sounding a little odd. ‘I miss my wife!’
They sat in silence for a time until Carl began to groan.
‘Your head or your stomach?’ Adem asked.
‘Neither,’ Carl said. ‘Oh, God. I made a terrible mistake.’
‘Me too!’ Wil said.
‘You too?’ Carl cried, glaring at Wil.
‘What are you two talking about?’ Adem asked.
‘Never mind,’ Wil said. Carl groaned again.
‘How much did we drink last night?’ Carl asked.
‘We each drank about 4 beers,’ Adem said.
‘I feel like I’ve been run over by a bus!’ Wil exclaimed. ‘You sure we didn’t drink more than that?’
‘I think we can blame the hangover on Odin’s Tears,’ Carl said with a grimace. ‘A very nasty side effect.’
Adem sat for a while longer holding the ring in his palm, wondering again why Jean would have parted with it. What was she trying to tell him? It worried him, a lot. Luckily, he’d thought ahead enough to place it within a coin purse in his coat pocket before Isabelle ripped open his shirt. That would have been a very awkward conversation, no doubt resulting in him getting his face slapped! Luckily, Big John had a suitable clean shirt to replace the one she’d torn open too.
‘Well we better head back into the city,’ Adem said, and after more morose groanings they were on their feet and headed towards Valmeron. For some reason they still couldn’t form any Portal-Magic, and that also worried them all quite a bit. It wasn’t long however before Adem could sense Pendral approaching at great speed. With his enhanced vision he made out the pale grey altherin charging towards him through the morning mist. Within moments the horse was clearly visible, then not long after Pendral was trotting the rest of the way, with a beaming smile on his black bearded face. 
‘You’re back!’ he shouted. ‘Oh, Father, I’m so glad you have returned!’
Adem waved and did his best to smile despite feeling ready to puke.
‘Your Odin’s Tears certainly has some kick,’ Carl murmured. ‘Kick in the guts.’
Pendral appeared baffled at this, then he slapped his forehead and grinned again as he said, ‘Of course, it is only the morning after for you three. Well, time has certainly passed since then for the rest of us.’
‘How long?’ Carl asked.
‘Approximately nine months,’ Pendral said with an even broader grin. ‘I am thrilled to report that my first born is due any day now.’
‘Then that means—’ Wil was saying before Adem and Carl shot him a warning glare.
‘Means what?’ Pendral asked, suddenly looking concerned.
‘It’s nothing son,’ Adem said, though what they were all thinking was that if Rayne was due to be born any day now, they had arrived quite close to the night of Odin’s Return. The night Rayne was born, and a great lightning storm covered the entire lands, fuelling the births of many other mortal and immortal children born on that night, creating the Second Born of the Children of Odin. It had been the same when Pendral was born during Odin’s Awakening, five hundred years before this day. That was during the final battle the Sons and Daughter faced against Jinn-Fendinn before being transported back to Earth.
‘Father if there is something that I should know I demand that you tell me,’ Pendral said. ‘Is my child in any sort of danger?’
‘We all might be,’ Adem said. ‘Just be on your guard, son. The next few days could get very interesting. By that I mean dangerous.’
‘The Hex-Warlords?’ Pendral asked.
‘Possibly,’ Adem said. ‘I can’t say for sure. But it’s very likely we’ll see some action in the next few days.’
‘I see,’ Pendral said. ‘Then you must all get some rest before then. I’ll take you to one of the finest inns within the city. The innkeeper is an old friend. The rooms are of a very high standard and the food and wine is first class. I’ll have Rondal put your stay on my tab, of course, Father.’
‘That’s very generous of you,’ Wil said at almost a low growl. It seemed his animosity towards Pendral was resurfacing. But Adem was more than grateful that his friend was no longer homicidal towards his son. For now, anyway.

***

Adem, Carl and Wil entered the common room of The Silver Hog to find it was a more than suitable establishment. Rondal was a tall thin immortal with blue eyes and short dark hair. He wore a blue coat of finely cut wool and dark trousers and boots under a spotless, gleaming white apron. He greeted them with a bow and took the letter Pendral had given Adem to present to the man, and his eyes bulged when he read it.
‘I’ll show you to your rooms and have hot baths and meals ready in no time, my lords,’ he said, and although Adem was exhausted, he thought he might grab some breakfast before going upstairs. Carl and Wil were more eager to get some sleep, and they followed the innkeeper up the polished oak staircase as Adem made his way to the bar that glowed with a dark stain in the morning light.
A fire blazed on the hearth at one end of the room, with polished round tables and high-backed cushioned chairs that looked more like thrones. The floors were swept and mopped to a high gleam; everything was perfect. Too lavish! he thought to himself.
Pendral had assured them that all of their belongings were in his safekeeping. Including the Staff of Ruination and Rejuvenation. Adem wondered if he had been using it at all these last nine months. That worried him. Carl had carried both the dark glass spear and Jarien’s Stonespear sticking up above his right shoulder these last few days, but both had been left at the inn as none of them were really thinking straight when they left. Pendral assured them he had returned immediately to gather all their belongings when they vanished at the midnight picnic. Wil still had his axe and Adem had his sword. But whatever items Wil had obtained from the Arkendriel were also currently in Pendral’s possession. Adem began to wonder what tests and investigations his son had done on those items during their absence.
A young mortal waitress soon appeared behind the bar, after rushing through the kitchen door. She was about twenty-one by his guess, dark eyed with short cut black hair framing her pretty face. ‘What will it be, my lord?’ she asked with a timid smile.
‘Coffee, black,’ Adem said, rubbing his temples. ‘And some fruit. Bananas or green apples preferably.’
‘Would you care for a pipe and tobacco pouch with your coffee, my lord?’ the young woman asked. ‘We have the finest grade of—’
‘I’ll pass,’ Adem replied, cutting her off mid-sentence. A puff of tobacco smoke right now would guarantee he spewed. He was also trying to quit.
It was then that he heard shuffling at the front doorway, the waitress appeared disturbed by her expression, so he glanced over his shoulder to see a man in golden armour and a red cape entering. He turned back without interest when he heard someone from outside pronounce, ‘Commander General Robert Ducharme, graces this establishment with his Holy Presence.’ Adem sighed as the young woman dashed away looking half terrified. Ducharme, the Commander General of the New Order Christians. A man Pendral had described as “A pompous churchy git!” A man who also hated wielders of any kind. Adem had a lot of respect for Christians in general, those that lived by the laws and customs of their faith. He just wasn’t in the mood for this one in particular right now. He was not certain if he ever would be either.
‘Greetings, traveller,’ Ducharme said in the tone of a delicate nobleman. When Adem refused to face the man, or even acknowledge him, he heard the announcer splutter, ‘You stand in the presence of the Commander General Robert Ducharme! Show your respects or face due punishment!’
‘Forgive me,’ Adem said. ‘I had a big night. The pleasure is all mine.’ He said this with a slight turn in the General’s direction, and saw the man puff up with pride, as he strode towards the bar with hand outstretched. Adem shook his hand and the man stood alongside as the sound of many more men shuffling into the room soon followed. His bodyguards no doubt.
‘Might I have your name, my good sir?’ Ducharme asked in his charming tone.
Adem grinned to himself, before replying, ‘Mister Underhill.’
‘Not Lord Underhill?’ Ducharme asked sounding quite alarmed.
‘What makes you think I’m a lord?’ Adem asked.
‘Well forgive me,’ Ducharme replied, ‘but I did just now see you speaking with the legendary Pendral Dragon-Sword. I also noted that he held you in very high regard. Pendral is known to usually only associate with those in the highest of circles, so you see …’
‘I’m no lord,’ Adem insisted.
‘And might I trouble you for the names of your two companions?’
Adem hadn’t thought of any yet, but thinking quickly he said, ‘Oliver Twist and Robin Hood.’ He was however in communication with Carl and Wil via their Battle Angels, and their new names were relayed via this method. They had both remained upstairs till this point as they were all hoping their presence might have been missed. They were staying put for now, however.
Adem was holding his car keys in his right fist, with the small silver Holy Cross hanging from its chain over his fingers. He took a moment to lift the cross to his focus as a distraction, when Ducharme remarked, ‘Quite the trinket you have there, may I have a closer look?’
Adem held up the cross and Ducharme checked both sides of the cross while holding it ever so delicately with a white handkerchief. ‘I say!’ he exclaimed, ‘I have never heard of Saint Christopher. I am a scholar of all of Carl Wilder’s teachings of the Holy Bible, and I have never seen a single record of this man.’
‘Nice to know,’ Adem said, showing little interest.
‘I would be more than happy to offer you thirty barrels of my finest wines if you were willing to part with it,’ Ducharme said sounding eager.
‘It’s not for sale,’ Adem replied.
‘Of course,’ Ducharme said, mopping his brow with the kerchief, ‘I meant to say my finest carriage and team of white stallions. Altherin stock, of course.’
Adem wondered if his eyes bulged at that, despite doing his best to hide any emotion. A team of altherin! He must be mad.
‘It has sentimental value,’ Adem said. ‘Not for sale.’
‘Forgive me, Lord Underhill,’ the man said sounding as if Adem was driving a hard bargain. ‘I meant of course to offer you the estates and land of my finest vineyard in the south. Close to Calicos, sea air, good soil. My wines are in the cellars of all the noblest of Houses.’
‘Are you nuts?’ Adem grunted, to which the man appeared utterly flabbergasted. 
‘If I have caused you any offence, Lord Underhill, I beg your forgiveness.’
He does have a lot of admiration for associates of Pendral, Adem thought to himself. He also felt bad for being so rude. But it was sheer madness. 
‘I beg your forgiveness, Commander General,’ he said, ‘I meant no offense. It’s just that, it really isn’t worth that much. It’s just a little silver cross.’
‘So you say,’ Ducharme replied with a calculating squint as if suspecting this were a brilliant form of deception to hide its true value. ‘Yet if it really is a relic of the Sons of Odin, I dare say I am the one who owes you the apology.’
When Adem made no response, those beady little black eyes of his seemed to be weighing every ounce of Adem’s demeanour. He was of middling years, a bald pate with dark curly hair around his ears. Stout and a little shorter than Adem, in his golden armour and red cape he looked like a Roman Commander. Despite knowing that this man hated anyone who could wield, and despite the man being quite clearly insane, Adem kind of liked him already. He was gentle and refined and bashful when in the presence of those he thought might outrank him. He would hate to have to kill this man one day.


Chapter 21


A Sly Marten

Rayne made his way to the stables through the back alleyways, he had no cloak or hood to hide his face and clothing, so he would’ve stood out to the guards who were now on high alert with the High Tower Bells having been sounded. It was also illegal to hide your face anywhere in the city. Anyone caught wearing a hood over their face was hanged. This was to avoid the chance of Souljhin infiltrating the city and hiding their faces. This was a rule thousands of years old, but right now Rayne would’ve taken the risk of the rope. So many soldiers seeking him out made his skin prickle with panic.
When he arrived at the Royal Stables, he made a circuit of the entire building to make sure there were no guards waiting to spring a trap when he entered. He found Shaye alone grooming the tall dark altherin, and the white mare was drinking from a bucket. Shaye already knew half of what had happened so far, but with much arm waving and talking in a rush Rayne informed him of the rest. Shaye’s eyes appeared wider every sentence.
‘So Old Rhast is one of them!’ he gasped. ‘I never liked the look of him. What will we do, Rayne?’
‘I’ve got to get out of here,’ Rayne replied. ‘Will you help me?’
‘If we can find a way out of the city,’ Shaye said, ‘I’m coming with you. We’ll find somewhere to start over, and we’ll get word to Ellagon to meet us wherever we end up.’
One of the side doors swung open, then closed with a slow creak. Rayne was already hiding in the stall with the black stallion. Shaye was looking in that direction with a hand gesturing that Rayne stay put, until they heard Ellagon calling, ‘It’s only me! Is our escapee with you?’
‘How did you hear of it?’ Rayne asked, stepping out from the stall when Shaye waved him forwards.
‘The whole city is talking about it!’ Ellagon said. ‘The King has declared that you will hang by sunup.’
‘I knew he would be upset,’ Rayne said. ‘But hanged?’
‘We’ve got to move quickly,’ Ellagon said. ‘I’ve brought supplies, but we’ll need to steal horses to have any chance of getting far enough by morning.’
‘The altherin!’ Rayne said. ‘They’ll get us out of range in no time.’
‘I couldn’t risk it,’ Shaye said. ‘Abandoning my post is one thing, but stealing horses? Lindren would find a worse punishment than hanging for that. We’ll have to sneak out through the sewers. Hide out in the forest until things have settled down.’
‘Then what?’ Ellagon asked.
‘I have no idea,’ Shaye replied. ‘Rayne, what have you done?’

***

Orion and Elmira had chased after Rayne Dragon-Sword throughout the castle. Every time they had spotted him in the distance, he’d dashed off through some side passage and out of sight. When they reached one of the lower floors they were met by the Captain of the Guard, Gallowgate, who explained that the boy had escaped through a magic hole in the air.
‘I want every soldier in this city out looking for him,’ Orion commanded. Giving orders to soldiers within any castle was still breaking the old decree when Jean Fairsythe took away his crown, but the situation was desperate. 
‘Every soldier is out looking for him,’ Gallowgate replied. ‘I assure you the boy will hang for his crimes.’
‘Rayne is no criminal,’ Orion growled. ‘I guarantee it. I want him alive!’
‘As you say, Lord Demon-Slayer,’ Gallowgate stammered. ‘But the boy is just a humble servant of the castle. What possible interest could you have in him?’
‘That boy is worth more muscle than every soldier in this kingdom!’ Orion roared. ‘Find him! Bring him to the King with my explicit order that not a hair is to be touched on his head. Now make way!’
‘Where are you going?’ Gallowgate asked.
‘To find him!’ Orion snapped. ‘My wife and I have a better chance than any of you!’
‘May I send some men to accompany you?’ Gallowgate called as they stepped past his guards.
‘They won’t be able to keep up,’ Orion replied, then he and his wife sprinted off through the passageway with Aelfin speed. There was still no way to form Portal-Magic in this region of the world. He wondered at the reasons, but all they could do was run.

***

Rayne, Shaye and Ellagon crept through the laneways behind the inns, taverns, and shops within the Tavern Quarter as they made their way towards the nearest sewer entrance. The High Tower Bells continued to sound in the distance, and the heavy boots of soldiers could be heard pounding the pavement from streets nearby. A dog barked on a leash from a side alley at one point, and a big black cat with golden eyes hissed at them from the top of a fencepost as they passed by. 
They heard shouting and revelry from the beer gardens of a number of ale houses, including the larger breweries, talk of an attack on the King’s life and Shadowsouled lurking in the dark corners. But they were always behind high fences and no one saw them creeping through the night. ‘… I ‘eard Lindren did stand all alone against a dark phantom,’ one man declared. ‘The wraith was twenty feet tall I ‘eard! Shot fireballs out ‘is jaws!’
‘You talk out your arse!’ another shouted, followed by roaring laughter.
When they reached the large steel grate that covered the sewer entrance, they found it was frozen shut from the thick snow they had pushed aside to reach it. Deciding it was futile to wait any longer, they started to make their way back towards the castle. Rayne hoped his old friend the Court Magician might be able to sneak them out by some other method. It was their best hope.
They were standing in a laneway between two taverns with lantern light washing the snow-covered pavement when they heard a strange gravelly tone speaking behind them.
‘What a strange place for three young men to be hiding out,’ the speaker said. ‘If you are seeking sanctuary, I have a way for you all to get out of the city.’
They turned to see a dark cloaked figure with a large hood covering his features. Rayne’s first instinct was that it must be a Souljhin, but the three of them stood transfixed as the man spoke again.
‘Do not be alarmed,’ he said. ‘I too am seeking a way out of the city. If you follow me, I may be able to sneak you out undetected.’
‘Why would we trust you?’ Ellagon asked in a croaky voice. ‘You should know it’s illegal to hide your face in the city!’
‘I do know this,’ the man replied. ‘But as I have already told you, I wish to remain undetected.’ He wore dark gloves and a long-sleeved coat, but Rayne caught a glimpse of his wrist while he was gesturing. It looked far too hairy.
‘Who are you?’ Rayne asked.
‘My name is Reginald Courser,’ he said. ‘I am a spy for the Duke. It has come to my attention that there was an assassination attempt at the banquet. I must carry what I have learnt to my associates in a town a day’s ride from here. I have men outside the city walls with horses that can carry you far from here. What say you?’
‘Show us your face!’ Ellagon snapped.
‘All in good time, my feisty friend,’ Courser replied with a chuckle. ‘Follow me if you want to get out of here alive.’ He started to move further down the alleyway, looking back as a shadow in the falling snow as Rayne and his friends talked it over.
‘If his word is true,’ Shaye suggested, ‘he’s our best hope.’
‘I don’t trust him one bit,’ Ellagon said. ‘Sneaking around back alleys with his hood up. He gives me the creeps.’
‘I don’t think I trust him either,’ Rayne said. ‘But if he knows a way to get us out of the city, we can do a runner when we’re outside the city walls.’
They decided to take the man for his word and were soon all following the tall figure further down the back alleyways. The further from the main road they went, Rayne started to feel a tight constriction on his chest. Something just didn’t feel right. When they turned a corner, they saw that the man had entered an alleyway that was a dead end. ‘Here we are then!’ he cried out in a gleeful tone.
Just then men sprang at them from all sides. Shabbily dressed men leapt from behind old crates and garbage bins. Some moved out of the shadows of the dead end, and they turned to see the way behind them was now blocked by more men wielding spiked clubs. The others carried knives or short swords. They were trapped!
Their betrayer hissed like a giant rat before he commanded, ‘Bind and gag them!’

***

Elmira followed her husband as he sprinted down back alleyways in search of Rayne Dragon-Sword. They crossed through many laneways with light spilling from tavern windows, until they came to a laneway that was a dead end. Elmira had placed a Marker-Spell on the boy Rayne, when she first identified him at the banquet. Her husband shared the spell, so he was also able to track the boy, but the trail ended here.
Orion searched about on the snow-covered cobblestone paving for a sign or clue of why the boy’s trail was no longer detectable. Eventually he picked up a single long brown hair that he held up to her face.
‘What is it?’ she asked. ‘It’s not one of his, the boy’s hair is flaxen. Nearly white.’
‘I believe he was taken by a Sly Marten,’ Orion said.
‘A Sly Marten?’ Elmira gasped. ‘Then Jinn-Fendinn must already know who he is.’
‘I presume the Jinn-Lord has known all along,’ Orion said. ‘He has just been biding his time.’
‘Can you track the Marten?’ Elmira asked with some hope.
‘I can sense his general direction,’ Orion replied, ‘now that I have this.’ He held up the hair as he wielded teron to increase his awareness of the Marten’s location. ‘There is rope fibre scattered there too. My guess is he was bound and gagged. There are a lot of footprints in the snow. The Marten is surely working with a number of Shadowsouled.’
‘I’m worried about you facing him alone,’ Elmira said. Sly Martens were expert swordsmen, they had immortal speed, and like Souljhin most spells didn’t work against them. ‘I can’t form Shield-Spells either. Something is blocking them.’
‘We will have to trust to fate,’ Orion said. ‘We must hurry. They are making their way towards the city gates.’

***

Ellagon struggled in his bindings that held his wrists and feet. An oily rag stuffed down his gob. Shaye and Rayne lay alongside him inside the wagon with blankets covering them and heavy sacks on top. Potatoes by the smell. How they imagined they would be getting through the city gates with a wagon loaded with potato sacks was beyond comprehension. With an attack on the King, and alarm bells ringing, a cart leaving in the night would have to be searched. Though Ellagon had begun to wonder whether this Reginald fellow was a confidant of Rhast the corrupted Magician. Perhaps then they had some special seal that stated they were on the Duke’s orders. That thought terrified him as he fought to escape his bonds.
Then he heard a voice inside his mind. Often as a child he had heard the voices of animals speaking to him in their strange tongues. Though through a sort of translation funnel he was always able to understand them. This time it was definitely a cat speaking to him. We have the rat’s trail, the cat said. It was the big black with the golden eyes that had hissed at them in the alley earlier on. For some reason he just knew that it was. My friends and I are on our way.
Hurry! Ellagon sent, wondering what it meant by ‘rat’s trail’. Bring as many as you can, he commanded.
We are hundreds, was the reply. As the cries of dozens of enraged felines filled the night behind them, Ellagon shed tears of joy.

***

Elmira sprinted beside her husband as they followed the trail towards the Sly Marten. But before they were within range, the cries of hundreds of domestic cats filled the night air. Cats hated Sly Martens, and the cats of the city had surely followed the creature’s trail. They were soon on the main road headed towards the main gate, where they saw the Marten and his men surrounded by cats hissing and springing to the attack!
There were dozens of men in plain coats and trousers armed with an assortment of weapons, and they clubbed and stabbed at the cats that leapt for their waists, climbing their forms to scratch at their faces. But the men were fighting back, and Elmira saw that there were more men moving to join them.
The City Watch were entering combat with some of the men, who fought back as best they could while under assault of enraged felines.
The Marten’s hood was now removed, and Elmira froze as it met her gaze. Dead cats lay scattered around its feet, with more clinging to its knees and chest. Yet it seemed hardly bothered as it picked them off one by one, throwing each one to the ground to plant its blade into their necks or skulls.
Sly Martens were a combination of man and animal genes, similar to a Boli-Kuldr. But Martens were bred with minds similar to rats, weasels, and ferrets, with a little fox thrown in to make them smarter than any Boli-Kuldr. Dressed in a dark cloak, the figure stood taller than any man, with a head like a giant rodent. Piercing big black eyes and buck toothed. Any solider that tried to intercept the creature was cut down with ease. A number of human bodies already surrounding it too.
‘Leave the Marten to me!’ Orion yelled to the guards. ‘Elmira, my love, take out as many of the others as you can.’
Elmira raised her hands as blue lightning fell to pummel the Marten’s minions like flickering blades. Those men sizzled like sausages as they ran to-and-fro attempting to slap the fire out from their blazing hair. Cats blasted free from the shock. Others shuddered before collapsing. She took down most of them in her first assault, as the City Watch roared with increasing courage. 
Some of the Shadowsouled were shouting, ‘Witch!’ amidst screams of agony.
Elmira dashed towards the cart, hurling the sacks loaded on top at a few more Shadowsouled, knocking them off their feet. She threw back the blankets to reveal the faces of Rayne and two of his companions. One by one she yanked them free of the cart and onto their feet. They stared in awe of her superior strength, but she was Aelfin blood. She spared a moment to see her husband locked in fierce combat against the Marten. It hissed and growled as it moved through forms in a fluid dance.
With a gesture the young men were free of their bonds. They removed their masks and gags when Rayne asked, ‘You came to rescue us?’ He actually sounded a little shocked.
‘We are old friends of your father’s,’ Elmira said. ‘There is little time to explain, but you must get back to the castle as fast as you can run. I must stay here and help my husband.’
‘Then we will stay with you,’ Shaye offered.
‘That would be foolish!’ Elmira hissed. ‘I cannot guarantee that we will be able to handle this creature on our own. You must run while you still have legs, boy!’
‘Will you see that Rayne is pardoned?’ Ellagon asked.
‘He is already,’ Elmira cried, hurling a blue bolt at the Marten’s back. ‘Just get out of here, now!’ They began to set a pace when Elmira called out, ‘Wait!’ When they looked back towards her, she asked, ‘Why did you attack the Magician Rhast?’
‘Krommet said he was a Shadowsouled,’ Rayne shouted back at her.
‘Then you are in worse danger if you return alone!’ Now she was in a pickle. She had to get the boys to safety, but she would not abandon Orion. She hissed a moment later when the Marten threw down a Jhin-Tap coin that clinked as it hit the ground and rolled to land nearby. Dozens of Souljhin morphed into being with scarlet blades raised! 
Elmira lashed out with Blades of Magic that fell from the sky in a flickering haze. Night turned into daylight in cataclysmic flashes. The Souljhin dodged and stepped free from each attack with ease as they cut through the remaining soldiers like the Reaper at Harvest. She screamed as she increased the number and intensity of the bolts, drawing more Angel-Magic than should be safe to hold. The swarms of cats howled and launched into their attacks in a frenzy, they hated Souljhin even more.
Orion was soon overwhelmed with combatants, as he attempted a retreat while shouting, ‘Flee, Elmira! Take them and go!’
‘I won’t leave you!’ she shouted.
‘You must!’ he roared in reply. ‘I will follow! Do as I command!’
But she could not leave him. Instead she changed her spells to Air-Magic. Dredging up a storm wind that blasted the Souljhin flying a hundred paces into the distance. The Jhin-Tap she sent flying over the city walls. But any of the Souljhin may be carrying more of them. The Marten was also knocked off its feet and landed some distance away from her husband.
‘You will come with me now!’ Elmira cried. ‘Or we shall all die here and now!’
Orion grunted and held up his sword vertical in front of his face. ‘As you wish it, my love.’ A moment later they were all five of them sprinting for safety, trailed by the Devil Incarnate.

Chapter 22



The Son of Pendral

Adem, Carl and Wil were soon reunited with Pendral, Isabelle, and Pendral’s wife Kassira. The flaxen haired beauty looked radiant in the final days of pregnancy. Adem was thrilled at the idea that his grandson would soon be born. Pendral’s excitement was also palpable. There was a look about him that Adem had never seen before, though as a father, he understood it.
They left the inn and made their way through the city streets on horseback, riding out into the fields until they arrived at a very large house with a high thatched roof, built out of bluestone. Inside the walls and roof were supported by thick wooden beams, carved in the shapes of horseheads at the top. Thick round wooden columns stood throughout the house, that was mostly one very large open room with a slate paved floor.
‘I had it built shortly after we last saw you,’ Pendral explained to Adem and his friends. ‘There is a window that looks out over the valley where we had our picnic. Kassira and I hoped that if we looked out that window often enough, we might see your return.’
They sat at a long, carved oak table, polished with beeswax to a high gleam. Glowbulbs hung from chandeliers around the chamber, giving ample light to the room as night began to fall. They ate a small feast in celebration of their reunion, drank ale and wine, but as the night continued there were more than a few surprises in store.
There was a knock at the door during the third hour after nightfall, when the two Ael Tarael that had joined them that night at the tavern entered, and both were also near to bursting with the late stages of pregnancy. Adem darted looks to both Carl and Wil, who were doing their best not to stare at the women as they entered. Adem’s perceptions of their emotions began to tell the tale of what he must have missed that night at the Three-Eyed Cock. 
How could they? he wondered to himself. Then he recalled how out of their minds they had all been. He had no right to judge. He had made the same mistake himself.
The women joined the celebrations, though the mood was awkward to say the least. Adem, Carl and Wil were still feeling hungover from the night before when Pendral suggested, ‘How about we celebrate with a little Odin’s Tears?’
To which all three men groaned ‘Nooo!’ in unison.
Pendral appeared hurt as he said, ‘I have perfected the formula.’
The door burst open, broken off its hinges and thudding to the floor! It was a big door, carved and polished oak, thick and sturdy. But the wood had splintered and split when the beast of a man that stood in the doorway knocked it down. He was surely part Giant blood by his height and girth, standing close to eight feet tall and looking not unlike Dis Pater. There was a fierceness to his gaze, dark deep-set eyes that showed immediately that he was a wielder under control of a possession demon!
But it all happened too quickly. Suddenly the men were leaping to their feet as Adem realised teron was cut off from him, and the other men and women cried out the same fact. This wielder was so powerful he had cut them all off from Angel-Magic and Shield-Trapped them so suddenly, they stood helpless as lambs to the slaughter while the behemoth figure stepped into the light.
He drew a sword longer than any man, thick and chunky like Arawn’s blade, though this was Magic-Forged grey steel a hand width wide. He swiped with the blade as all leapt out of his path, the table split in two as an explosion of Air-Magic blew the entire roof and walls apart in one massive blast!
‘I have come to challenge the Sons of Odin!’ the man spoke in a voice that vibrated all around him. ‘I saw the sign, nine months ago, there!’ He pointed to the valley where Adem and his friends had teleported through time. ‘The light in the sky drew me here. I learnt that Pendral Dragon-Sword had entertained guests that fit your descriptions. I waited, as my Master had demanded that I destroy you once and for all.’ There was little emotion to his tone, but there was a power that radiated from his soul like an army of Souljhin.
Lightning pierced the skies, liquid white bolts blasting the fields as the wielder began to harness punishing flows of teron. Thunder roared like a raging god. It was at that moment that all three women went into labour. They sat wailing with terror as the men stood between them and the sword wielder. All four men had weapons drawn, but they stood gazing up at this gargantuan figure as if they feared they would be split in two with the first swipe.
Adem was guarding Isabelle, and he too was frozen with fear. Somehow this possessed Viking had created a Shield-Trap that prevented both Adem and Pendral from wielding their Matter-Manipulation-Magic. Up till now he had never known that was even possible. But it terrified him to realise he was truly helpless for the first time he could remember. Even the Jinn Arts were out of reach.
Pendral launched into an attack, charging the figure to clash blades as lightning flickered in the skies. Pendral’s immortal strength was a match for the barbarian, and Pendral’s speed with the blade allowed him some advantage. But the Viking simply deflected every attempt Pendral made to wound him. It seemed he had come to fight with the sword, rather than destroy them with Angel-Magic. Adem guessed it was perhaps some lingering sense of Viking honour the possessed man was able to hold onto. 
During these moments, Adem, Isabelle, Carl and Wil moved the pregnant women as far from the battle as possible. But the men would need to aid Pendral, or his son would surely be cut to pieces. 
Carl stayed with the women, and Adem and Wil returned to surround the possessed Viking. The three men made attempts to slice and stab at the figure, but that massive blade swished through the air to block every strike with perfect ease. This man was surely an Agnar, an expert of the blade. Any misstep and that sword would cleave through flesh and bone like carving up the Sunday roast. 
When he did start swinging, Adem and Wil leapt clear of his swipes without making any attempt to defend with their weapons. Pendral did not. He stood his ground, defending with his sword and superior strength. But how long can he keep this up? Adem wondered. Surely defending against such force would be depleting Pendral’s speed and stamina. Adem desperately tried to think of some way to end this. Without teron they could not summon their Battle Angels. Their enchanted relics from the Arkendriel also required Angel-Magic to activate them. Their only hopes rested on Pendral’s abilities with the sword. Adem and Wil could only do their best to provide a distraction.

***

Rayne and Pendral knew it was time they used what powers they had to distract those two Shadow Dragons from murdering more of their people. Rayne summoned Odin Wings at the same time as his father, and both took to the skies to the same height as those black winged beasts. They were joined in a link, teron flooding Rayne’s senses to the point that he wanted to scream. It was nearly tearing him apart, but he unleashed waves of Angel-Magic in an epic blast that struck the first dragon like a blazing Odin Spear.
At the same time Pendral unleashed true Bolt Rain upon both dragons, a blazing cataclysm of blue lightning surged from the clouds to strike their dark scaled forms like burning claws. Rayne hurled a true Odin Spear at the other dragon, striking its skull as both dragons curled up their wings to fall from the sky in a blaze of light.
But both recovered before crash landing, beating their wings as electric blue bolts charged around them. They took flight and aimed their Dragon Flames at both Rayne and Pendral, liquid black viscosity rushing through the air like tongues of dark fire. Rayne and Pendral swooped to escape the attacks, flying under the dragons as Rayne blasted the first with another Odin Spear up through the breastplate. Pendral’s Bolt Rayne crushed the second in a vice of electricity. 
Far below, Rayne watched Tobin, Lydia, Elmira and Rievenna sprinting to escape the charging demons and traitor Forsaken. Until they got out of range of those Blocker shields, they could not escape via Portal-Magic. But Rayne doubted they would flee and leave Rayne and Pendral to fend for themselves. Tobin still carried Janeanne in his arms, Aelfin feet carrying her as fast as altherin horses entering a gallop. They crossed the landscape in a blur but Tarz’s Forsaken gave chase, with a wave of Rohgorahl and Morhidrahl in close pursuit.
He saw that in the seconds he spared for a glance, as he rocketed up behind the first dragon to blast its hide with another Odin Spear. Hurled from his open palms as a bar of bright blue. Pendral’s Bolt Rain filled the clouded skies like Claws of Angry Gods. Blistering heat crackled in the atmosphere as thunder roared like Odin’s Fury. Again, the dragons plummeted from the skies, this time crash landing against the earth in dust clouds of burning domes.
Rayne used this moment to blast the demon fields, scattering hordes of the giant goblin breeds in waves of blue incineration. He would have preferred to have Odin and Reiden seeing to that, but the two Battle Angels were requiring time to recover in their Resting Points. At that moment Rayne began to wonder whether the Sword of Valour would be strong enough to dent those dragon scales.

***

Elmira and Orion kept a pace that the two mortal boys could keep up with, running through the city streets towards Lindren’s palace. They were cut off a number of times by Souljhin blocking their path, nightmares in the flesh wielding those tainted red and black blades. The Sly Marten must have placed other Jhin-Taps throughout the city laneways, or else it had others do it for him. Soon the streets were swarming with Souljhin in their dark hooded cloaks. Men and women ran frantically from the inns and taverns, screaming in terror.
Eventually they were penned in by the Swordsmen of the Shadow. They took refuge in a three-storey building that was part of an old brewery. Elmira used Lock-Magic to get through the heavily chained doors, Orion doing his best to bar the doors from the inside with heavy furniture. But they would get through that in short order. They were trapped!
They huddled upstairs, Orion looking out into the street where the Souljhin began to gather. They hissed like serpents, chanting ‘The son of Pendral! Give us Pendral’s son!’ There were dozens of them, and their chants would draw more. Elmira began to fear they may set the house on fire to drive them out. But soon they were booting at the heavy downstairs door, followed by the sounds of wood splintering. She could hear them pushing through the furniture. She did not know if her Angel-Magic was enough to save them. She could not even produce Shield-Spells. 
What hope is there? she thought in horror.
Heavy bootsteps pounded through the house, they were storming the building and charging up the steps. Elmira’s heart pounded at her chest as the door thudded from powerful kicks. Orion stood before her; his sword held up to defend. But Elmira knew they had no chance of survival. ‘We are doomed!’ she breathed, just as the door split off its hinges to fall with a heavy thud.

***

Rayne and his friends stood terrified and helpless when those creatures kicked the door in. The tall dark cloaked immortal stood poised for battle, but they knew it would be over too quickly. Then the immortal woman cried out, ‘The Jinn Arts!’
As the seven Souljhin stormed in, Rayne watched the first two make awkward movements, before pointing their blades up under their chins, driving the swords up through their own skulls. Two more moved like puppets on strings to face one another, forcing their swords through each other’s breastplates. They collapsed in heaps as another simply lopped off its own skull! 
Rayne realised then that the two immortals were using demon mind control.
The two behind leapt over their fallen comrades, the immortal man clashing blades in a flickering of golden and crimson, before a blast of white flame shot forth from the man to send the two Souljhin flying back out the door. The beam was tall as the man and four feet wide, a brilliant bar of burning blue that struck several other demon-men surging towards the doorway.
Moments later the Souljhin were swarming into the room like cloaked shadows. The immortal clashed blades with two in a lightning fast display of sword forms. At the same moment, a gale force wind leapt from the woman to send four more flying back against the stone walls. Lightning flew from her fingertips like claws to clutch at the fallen demon-men, but they appeared unharmed and were soon rising and poised to strike. More charged up the staircase, rushing for the doorway.
Rayne’s heart pounded in his chest, thudding in his ears. His pulse racing. In those brief seconds that seemed to slow down infinitely, he felt a sudden surge of energy rising within his core.
He could remember his mother in those moments. He could see her blue eyes and pale white blonde hair falling around her face. He remembered her, but it was his oldest memory, and for some reason he knew right then and there that it was the same day he was born. As impossible as that seemed to remember so far back.
But he remembered. He remembered her peaceful smile. He remembered that it was also the day that she died.
He screamed in terror and heartache as that surging pulsing light flared within his soul. Rising like volcano lava to pour forth through the air in a brilliant blast of blazing blue, white lightning. The bolts were thick, bright as the sun. The bolts chewed holes through the chests of the Souljhin pouring into the room. Blue electricity in the form of giant snapping snakeheads that ate through armour and flesh like pure bright acid.
The seven that had entered and the remaining ones standing in the outer hallways collapsed with gaping holes in their chests, some still thrashing those blades wildly like an insect that refuses to give in to the stomping heel. 
He roared with fury and triumph as the bolts surged out the window and further through the outer rooms of the house. He could see where those snake-headed bolts flew to strike more enemies that glared in shock before they were blasted to bits or incinerated in waves of brilliant incandescence. He heard them hiss and scream before they died. Through the eyes of those snakes he saw the swarms outside as the bolts tore through chests, blasted skulls into bright explosive spatters as bodies collapsed in pools of blood and fire.
It was true! He was a wielder of impossible potential. He was the son of Pendral Dragon-Sword. It thrilled and terrified him both at once!

***

Wil spared a moment during the battle to move out of reach of the possessed Viking, taking a decent sip of the miracle potion from the gourd at his belt. None of them had touched the potion earlier in the evening, but he hoped there was some chance the powerful effects would bring about a way to break through those Shield-Traps that blocked them all from wielding any of their forms of magic.
In an instant he felt a surge of Angel-Magic nearly within his reach. It was building as the seconds ticked over, and he launched into another series of strikes at the Viking that were easily blocked by that massive blade. Pendral and Adem also rushed the warrior almost at the same instant, but the Viking spun the blade to block every attack with perfect ease.
Wil defended his ground while moving towards Adem to give his friend a sip. ‘Take a good gulp!’ Wil shouted over the thunder. ‘I can feel Angel-Magic rising!’
Adem took a mouthful and handed back the gourd, then Wil called to Carl as he ran towards him and threw him the gourd with the stopper in place. Carl caught it and took a large sip, allowing the women to also have a small amount each. Wil worried it might interfere with their pregnancies, though taking drugs to ease the pain of childbirth was certainly commonplace where he was from.
Pendral continued to lead the attack, as Adem and Wil surrounded the figure again, attacking from all sides. Pendral still had not had a sip of the potion, but he saw the man take a moment to take a sip from a flask within his cloak. Odin’s Tears most likely. Wil wondered if they would have a similar effect. Soon Wil could feel Angel-Magic nearly within reach. He strained against the Shield-Trap while reaching for teron like trying to grasp a bolt of lightning. But he was still unable to achieve a single spell. It was surging within him though, almost to the point where the intoxicating effects of the potion was knocking him off his feet. But he flowed through the axe forms as if floating on clouds. He was faster than Adem, though not nearly as much as Pendral. At the same time, he stretched his thoughts across the plains in search of wolves. There were some nearby, but they refused to fight the Viking that they called the Shadow-Wraith.
Then Wil wondered if they should mix the two potions, and soon the flask was thrown to Wil by Pendral, and the gourd thrown back at him. From the moment the gourd touched Pendral’s lips, the Viking was hit with a thunderbolt of blistering brilliance. It clutched and coursed around his Shield-Sphere at the same time that the possessed figure appeared unsteady on his feet. Wil quickly took a sip of Odin’s Tears and ran to pass the flask to Adem. It was almost instantaneous. Angel-Magic flooded his senses, electric frost in his veins and burning lava in his flesh and bones as he drew his bow and began to blast the Shield-Sphere with punishing waves of golden light.
A stone boulder of purple luminescence fell from the sky to seemingly crush the Viking Giant, no doubt created by Pendral’s Matter-Manipulation-Magic. The ground rumbled when it landed. But moments later the stone cracked in half and blasted to a million shards of light. The figure still stood poised within the Shield-Sphere, though this time he launched into a savage onslaught against Pendral. The two men clashed blades repeatedly, moving further from Wil and Adem, when the roar of Shienden’kroxus filled the night sky.
The dragon swooped at the same moments that Pendral wielded a charging boar glowing bright mauve that gored the Giant’s Shield-Sphere, rolling him along the ground like a marble thrown from a child’s hand, digging up earth before Shienden blanketed the Viking in raging blue Dragon-Flame. Fire rocketed into the sky as it blasted the fields turning night into daylight. They watched and waited, Wil passing Carl the Odin’s Tears flask. But when their hopes were at their highest, Wil saw that impossibly tall figure marching from the flames unscathed. It was at first sight of the man that Wil, Adem and Carl shouted the names of their Battle Angels. A lightning storm filled the skies to rival Odin’s Awakening! It was then Wil realised this must be the night of the Second Born Children of Odin. The Storm of Odin’s Return!

***
Rayne hovered in the skies above the Shadow Dragon that was hit by another strike of Bolt Rain. Pendral had created the spell, and as the dragon fell to earth with a deep shudder, Rayne swooped like a bird of prey, landing atop the dragon’s chest to plant the Sword of Valour deep through the heavily armoured breastplate.
When the blade pierced that dark armour, Rayne hurled twin Odin Spears into the dragon’s chest, as the entire body rumbled, ruptured, and exploded. Rayne took to the air once again, looking down to see the dragon’s form dissipating to black flakes burning blue. The other dragon roared as it circled its defeated brother, then headed off west.
They would not follow, for now anyway. Rayne needed to ensure his friends got out of here alive.

***

Janeanne was placed back on her feet, as Tobin watched the skies where the second dragon turned tail and fled. Now was the time to eliminate this threat of Forsaken betrayers. But before Tobin, Lydia and Elmira could unleash their attacks upon the dark garbed men in pursuit, their entire party felt Shield-Traps lock down around them! They were cut off from Angel-Magic, and the Forsaken swarmed around them as their leader raised a fist while joined in a massive link.
At that moment Janeanne’s heart felt like an explosion in her chest. She watched as her beloved Lydia and Elmira, Tobin, and Terese Sapphire-Sword, were blasted to pieces by the savage spell known as Destruction-Magic. They were literally torn apart by Angel-Magic! She watched in horror as her adopted mother’s head exploded like a ripe melon under a sledgehammer. She screamed in agony as a number of Forsaken wielders took her by the arms and a doorway through space opened before her.
For some reason, even her ability to manipulate matter was blocked by these Blocker-Shields some of the Forsaken carried on their arms. She tried to summon Shienden from the skies, but the dragon had retreated far from here, only now returning to her call. As they forced her through the Portal-Spell, she knew there was no hope of rescue. Her soul was empty, blackened and bleeding. The pain in her heart was so strong she wanted to tear every one of them to shreds!

***

Rayne watched from the skies when the mighty Tobin Fire-Heart, Lydia Ever-Light and Elmira Golden-Braid were slaughtered by the Forsaken wielders. Terese and the bulk of her companions were also murdered, but he saw that they also took his darling Rievenna as prisoner. They would be using her as bait, as it was Pendral and Rayne that they truly wanted.
Rayne saw Odin swoop on burning wings to snatch up Tobin’s and Terese’s blades, and he thought he saw strands of hair taken from all three fallen women, that glowed like starlight when Odin hurled down three swords, that of Orion, Tobin and Terese, as well as his grandmother’s bow, forming the base of some large structure that glowed with bright Angel-Magic.
He was too far away to save Janeanne and Rievenna before they passed through the Portal-Spell, so he spared this moment to gaze upon what it was Odin was creating. Orion’s and Tobin’s swords formed the sides of the structure, with the bow planted beneath and joining the two. Terese’s blade formed the top of the device, and the three women’s hairs became elongated to become three strings of light.
He realised then what it was, and Odin swooped again to pick up the enchanted device, as he plucked each of the strings, and from each the earth trembled sending vibrations through the fields of demons beyond. Where those waves of sound struck the front lines of demons, those ancient breeds simply vanished in shards of flame.
Then a great roar filled the air, as a lightning storm thudded to earth in a great cluster. There on the field stood the Heroes of Will returned to the Harp of Odin. Hundreds of mounted warriors that glowed like starlight and fire. Wielding all manner of weaponry that blazed with Elemental Magic, they charged the demons head on, blasting flesh and bone to cinders amidst the thunder of hooves and the fierce battle cries of invincible souls.
In those moments as he watched those ethereal beings charge upon the fields, he was suddenly swept down amongst them, and placed on a steed of moonlit frost. At his sides rode Tobin Fire-Heart, Lydia Ever-Light, Orion Demon-Slayer and Elmira Golden-Braid, as well as Terese Sapphire-Sword and his darling grandmother, Isabelle Iron-Bow. He realised then that he was joined with the Harp of Odin, and a Ghost Hero once more. His heart burned in his chest to think that he would not have a chance to save his beautiful Rievenna. It was up to his Father, and Adem Highlander, now.

***

It didn’t take long for Arawn, Math, and Dis Pater to knock the Viking Giant to the ground, punishing him with Angel-Magic as the Odin Storm raged overhead. But as the enormous warrior fell on his back, he reached into a belt pouch to draw forth three shiny discs, casting the Jhin-Taps onto the field as Souljhin appeared by the dozen.
By now, the three pregnant women and Isabelle had all had a dose of both potions, and they were no longer showing pains of labour, but were instead all standing in a circle of four, chanting in Aelfin Song with a Shield-Dome locked down around them, as they unleashed Angel-Magic in bolts and blasts, turning Souljhin armour and flesh to melted slag wherever they struck.
Adem, Carl, Wil, and Pendral formed a similar Shield-Dome, surrounding the four women and themselves further out, as they hurled Spears of Odin, Bolt Rain and Lightning-Pythons at the surging waves of enemies, obliterating dozens of Souljhin in time with every flickering bolt that fell from the night skies. 
Around those circles of defence their Battle Angels tore through Souljhin armour with unrelenting bloodlust and pure Elemental Magic. The Storm of Odin’s Return fuelled their energies to epic proportions, and the enemy were blasted to oblivion in the wake of their wrath.
Adem’s mind was alive with Angel-Magic, a force so powerful he felt like an atomic bomb was exploding within his mind, heart, body, and soul. He unleashed that Angel-Magic in torrents to burn Souljhin to blood and bones, but Jhin-Taps were difficult to destroy even with this much energy. The demon-men continued to appear in waves, and he worried that his Battle Angels may tire before they could destroy the teleportation devices. The Son of Pendral was yet to be born, and so much depended on that, he felt a crushing fear take hold. An alteration of this historical event would spell disaster for the future.

Chapter 23


A Piece of Prophecy

The next morning was grey and cloudy, but the sun still had some warmth despite the snow blanketed fields. Carl had saved them in the end, for although some of those Souljhin that morphed into being carried their own Jhin-Taps to cast onto the field and increase their number, Carl was able to retrieve one of those devices during the battle and alter it to work in their favour.
After taking some time to study the device, he somehow managed to alter its enchantments, with the result that when he cast it back upon the field, all Souljhin were suddenly sucked down into the device like a giant vacuum. 
‘I call it a Jhin-Trap,’ Carl had said with a grin when the battle was done. 
‘Remarkable!’ Pendral had boomed with delight. ‘You are an exceptional Magician, Carl Wilder.’
The next morning, they sat and talked in a space that Pendral had cleared of snow and warmed for the women to sit and eventually give birth to three males. Carl assisted the births, and all were healthy babies. The Odin Storm had subsided with the rising of the sun. There would be hundreds of newborns who would become known as the Second Born Children of Odin as a result of that lightning storm. It was a piece of prophecy.
The women wrapped the baby boys in their cloaks, and Carl and Wil spent some time looking over the other two newborns, as they would now be certain they were the fathers. Adem made his way over to Carl while he spoke with the mother of his son.
‘Did we really make this little one?’ Carl had asked.
‘Sired in the back alley of the Three-Eyed-Cock, no less,’ Ellendriel had replied with a sneaky grin.
Wil made his way over to join them when Carl said it was unfortunate that he did not have anything to give his son as a parting gift. It was then that Adem brought forth his silver cross, and as he handed it to Carl, Wil remarked, ‘Now I know where I’ve seen that before!’
As he told them all of his journey with Shaye Eagle-Soul and Ellagon Elfin-Blood, where Shaye had showed Wil an identical version of that silver cross, they all stared at the newborns again as realisation dawned upon them.
‘Ducharme was very interested in it,’ Adem said. ‘He said he had never heard of Saint Christopher.’
‘That is because I never taught anything about Saint Christopher in my dictations of the Bible,’ Carl replied. He stared in wonder at the child as he said, ‘So, his name is Shaye,’ as he placed the small cross in the care of his mother. ‘Shaye Eagle-Soul is my son.’
‘Which means this is very likely Ellagon,’ Adem remarked as he looked upon the other newborn.
‘It must be!’ Wil exclaimed in astonishment. ‘How horrible to think—’
Adem cleared his throat before Wil could tell of the fate of their sons. Doomed to become victims of possession demons and servants of the High-Jinn.
As the men sat and talked a while longer, the women walked their newborns up onto the hillside, and they were gone from view for a time, when a great rumbling sound approached in the distance. The men were at first unconcerned about what it might be, until all four of them felt their sense of Angel-Magic cut off once again! It was at this point that Isabelle came dashing down the hillside calling for Pendral. All became alert and they soon learnt that the New Order Christians had arrived with some massive device, and they had taken the other three women and their babies as captives.
‘My wife and son!’ Pendral roared with fury, charging up the hillside as they soon realised all of their abilities were again cut off. Adem and Pendral could not summon Odin Wings, or wield their Matter-Manipulation-Power or the Jinn Arts. Without Angel-Magic they could not summon their Battle Angels either. Adem was certain whatever device the Christians had brought with them was responsible.
As they crested the hilltop, he saw a force of several hundred New Order Christians in white-and-gold armour and crimson cloaks flapping in the breeze. Three of the soldiers held blades to the throats of the three captive women, while they still held their newborns in their arms. The babies screamed as the tension built in the air, Adem and Pendral staring daggers at their leader, Commander General Robert Ducharme, riding a tall white stallion towards them at a slow trot. 
He stopped halfway, with the device looming behind. It was a massive shield, formed of three rings, one red, one blue, the outer ring was green, and it looked to be formed of metal similar to toramor armour. Whatever it was, they were helpless in its presence. Adem had already summoned Shienden, and when the massive dragon landed on the hilltop nearby, he saw the confidence leaking out of Ducharme and his men. 
But they were still in a pickle. They couldn’t order Shienden to attempt to melt that shield device without endangering the women, as they also stood before the massive contraption that sat on timber frames and large wheels, pulled by four teams of Clydesdale looking horses. 
Adem did his best to keep Pendral calm, as Ducharme stated his demands.
‘You must surrender, Pendral,’ the man shouted from the saddle, ‘you and your men must give yourselves up, and in return we will set the women and children free.’
‘Black-hearted mongrel!’ Pendral snarled back at him. ‘What reason could you possibly give for this?’
‘We all saw the storm here last night, Pendral,’ the man shouted in reply. ‘Only madmen could have created such a storm. The Schism has you too tightly in its grip. We will arrange a trial, and you and your companions will then be cut off from Angel-Magic permanently. Then you shall all be hanged.’
‘We will have to give ourselves up, for now, Pendral,’ Adem insisted. ‘There is no other option.’
Pendral was fuming at this point, but he agreed. The four men then began to slowly pace towards Ducharme with their hands raised in the air. They were some twenty feet from the horse and rider when a bolt of lightning fell from the skies as the four men dove for cover. That had to be the work of a wielder amongst them, and to have such abilities in the presence of this Spell-Blocker made Adem almost certain it was a High-Servant in disguise.
As they stood to dust themselves off, none of them struck by the bolt of fire, Adem saw the three women fall to their knees, each with their throats slit by the soldiers that had held them captive. They must have panicked when the lightning struck, thinking it was Adem or Pendral who had cast the bolt.
Pendral crossed the distance to Ducharme’s horse in an instant, seizing the man and ripping him free from the saddle. ‘Get the boys!’ Pendral shouted to Adem, Carl and Wil. ‘Do it, now!’ Then he turned upon the army of soldiers with his sword against Ducharme’s throat as he bellowed, ‘One more false move and your lord loses his head!’
Adem, Carl, and Wil collected the newborns, leaving the women who had already choked on their own blood. Carl had checked the women to see if he could save any of them, but they were too late. The babies screamed. There was blood on their cloak wrappings. Adem was nauseas. He felt dizzy. Unstable on his feet. 
The soldiers stood transfixed as they all returned to Pendral’s circle. When they were standing close by, Adem heard him say to Ducharme, ‘Fools like you think you understand power. But you do not. Look!’ He forced the man to turn about face, still on his knees, as Pendral stood with his back to the soldiers. A Shield-Dome sprung up around them, as one of the lieutenants was heard shouting, and three hundred archers launched arrows from bowstrings. Somehow Pendral was still able to wield. Perhaps his rage had allowed him to break through the Spell-Blocker. Or perhaps he had taken another sip of Odin’s Tears while they collected the newborns.
He said, ‘This is the only true power.’ With a snap of his fingers, a brilliant blue, white light encased the army of Christians, blazing pure brightness that appeared for a moment, and when it vanished, the soldiers were reduced to nothing. A crater now stood in the clearing four feet deep, and the Spell-Blocker was now a pool of hissing bubbling magma.
‘What have you done, Pendral?’ Adem asked, aghast. He saw that Pendral had also encased his wife Kassira in a Shield-Sphere that kept her form protected from Pendral’s wrath. He walked towards her fallen body as Ducharme pleaded his case, before Pendral squeezed his fist and the man’s head burst like a crushed grape.
When Pendral returned with his wife in his arms, he looked to Adem with pure hatred as he shouted, ‘I tried to listen to your reasoning, Father!’ Adem felt an immediate stab of guilt. ‘You insisted that we try to spare the lives of these murderous scum,’ he gestured to the crater. ‘And now my wife is dead! Curse you, Father! Curse you for never being there for us! Curse you for failing me, yet again!’
‘Pendral, do not be angry with your Father!’ Isabelle insisted, who was in a state of tears. ‘You know he loves you, my darling. I’m so sorry, for Kassira.’
‘Sorry won’t bring her back!’ Pendral roared in agony. A moment later, a Portal-Spell opened.
‘Where are you going?’ Isabelle cried.
‘To bury my wife!’ Pendral roared. ‘Then I expect I’ll find a better use for myself. Serving someone who believes in preserving the right to wield.’
Adem realised then that this was just history already written. He could see and hear that his son was now truly broken. His spiralling into the madman he had first met years ago was inevitable. His last words were assurance this was the beginning of his joining forces with Rodriel Tarz and the rebel Alit’aren known as the Forsaken.
When the Portal-Spell closed behind him, Carl and Wil fell to their knees and wept. Adem looked down at his grandson, abandoned at birth by a father who no longer had the heart to raise him.

***

Hayley Mijimha watched as the demon forces tore down trees to make rafts for crossing the River Ellenorin. Those enormous goblin breeds simply pushed hundred-year-old oaks and redwoods to the ground, ripping others up from the roots as they began to work at crafting vessels. The river was wide and deep, with a strong current, and it seemed even these monstrous creatures were unwilling to attempt to wade or swim in those waters. That gave her some time to think, and plan ahead.
She had consulted with Serock, the former Vampire-King, about everything he could tell concerning the downfall of the Sons of Odin. The man insisted he had still been a prisoner within Kerak’Otozi during the early years that the Sons began to turn to the Shadow. His account from what he knew was that the Schism of Light and Shadow Magic within teron had eventually been too much for them to withstand. Over time, the Jinn Lord tightened his grip until they became his willing servants.
She was still appalled and in a state of disbelief that her husband had tried to murder her in cold blood. What had happened to poor Wil Martyr to drive him beyond the brink of sanity? How could he become so … Evil?
She allowed a certain number of her forces to take short naps while preparing to hold back the demon army on this side of the river. She had been trained by many tactical minds, and she knew how to divide the hours of night-time into how many troops would need rest, the hours, minutes and seconds broken down to allow all to take shifts of napping while others stood guard. This was a situation of high alert; however, in other circumstances she might have allowed more to leave their post and get some shuteye. But not tonight!
Fatigue would work against her soldiers, and without sufficient breaks to rest and eat this demon army would whittle away their energy reserves. She required a device of unstoppable power, similar to the Heart of Odin, to have any chance of victory.
Other soldiers dug trenches and built up defences while Dark Elves worked at crafting arrows as fast as they could. If they lost the ability to wield Lightning-Arrows, they would have arrows of wood, feather, and steel as a last resort.
As the hours passed by, she sat and had a goblet of goat’s blood to rebuild her own strength and vitality. It was warm and thick, and delicious. Serock sat by her side, eating from the rations of flatbread, cheese, and a few slices of sizzling rabbit meat.
‘I’m sorry about Wil,’ he offered between bites, but by his tone he sounded more like he was saying, “Cold night tonight!”
‘It’s okay,’ she offered after another sip. ‘My husband was lost to me long ago, it seems.’
‘There’s always a chance to turn things around,’ he suggested with a thoughtful expression.
‘Like how?’ she asked.
‘Time travel,’ he said.
‘That’s what got us into this trouble in the first place,’ she replied.
‘Yes, and it might still be the only way to fix it,’ he said with a serious gaze.
She sighed into her cup, draining the last of it and licking her lips. ‘I don’t know if I would want that,’ she said in a soft tone, ‘even if it were possible. Seeing him like that, being attacked by him, it just makes my skin crawl.’
‘He is probably possessed you know?’
‘I know,’ she said, ‘but the Wil Martyr that left me yesterday would have overpowered a legion of possession demons rather than raise a hand against me. Something has torn him apart. I couldn’t even sense that he was here, all of these years. He just … shut himself off from me.’
There was silence for a time, the two of them mulling it over, until Serock asked, ‘Will you kill him if you have to?’
‘I thought I might,’ she said with a narrowed gaze. ‘Then I think perhaps there is still a hope for him. But none for us.’


***

Dohro’Shahl, the possession demon that held the Lord Captain-General Rodriel Tarz as his prisoner and personal puppet, waited patiently when news arrived that the daughter of Adem Highlander and Jean Fairsythe had been captured.
‘Excellent,’ he said in a gravelly tone, ‘bring her to me.’
The guard left the room, and while he waited for Janeanne Highlander’s arrival, there was suddenly a fierce boom, making the walls of the fortress tremble. It was followed by many more thunderous tremors, and he made his way through the nearest hallway to gaze out an arrow-slit window.
There in the courtyard he saw an epic battle taking place. Tarz’s own men fighting one another. It was obviously a revolt! His fingers began to ache to crush the neck of that meddling son of Torin Modrellock. 
Jen Terendel stood at his back, under the control of his fellow demon, Mottur’Ark. 
‘Order those still loyal to me to take no prisoners,’ Dohro’Shahl commanded. ‘Any resistance will be met with crushing force. Let it be known that their Forsaken Ruler will not tolerate insubordination!’ He watched with a cruel smile as thousands of warriors fought and died in blood and fire. The High-Jinn had a purpose for these wretched souls, but Dohro’Shahl did not mind if their numbers were cut down in a civil war. It was the Dawn of the Jinn Lord’s Reign of Anarchy.

***
Elarja RinHannen watched the death of Jean Fairsythe nearly a hundred times over before he knew how to save her. He stood with a raised perspective of the battle where Adem Highlander had vanquished his wife with the Staff of Restoration and Ruination. A powerful relic the man had retrieved many years before during his trial in the Arkendriel.
Elarja had travelled to many alternate futures past this time, and he soon learnt that Adem Highlander would need the return of his wife by his side if there was any hope of maintaining his sanity long term. The only alternative was an unbalance of fate.
When the time to move was right, he created the teleportation technique to land directly behind Jean Fairsythe one fraction of a second before she died. He used Illusion-Magic to keep himself hidden from any witnesses, and moving with the speed of the Second Born Immortals, while freezing time within the sphere where they both stood, he clutched her to his breast, and activated the Time-Stones to transport them both to another Age.
The sphere of light and colour bulged and ruptured, rumbled, flickered, and flared! A moment later they stood in a field on a bright spring afternoon. They had landed under a tall cherry blossom tree, with maple, oak, pine, and redwood trees surrounding the forest clearing where they stood.
He let go of her, and she fell to her knees and gasped. After some tears, she looked up at him and asked, ‘Did he really do it? Did he murder me?’
He gave her a saddened expression as he replied, ‘It will mean that Death will soon be hunting you, Jean. I had intended to send you further back than this time and place. Much further back. There is really only one way I can keep you safe.’
He chuckled at that, reflecting on ancient memories as he continued, saying, ‘Things will get weird from here on in. There is much I need to tell you, but it is dangerous.’
‘Is it about my past?’ she asked with intrigue.
‘And your future,’ he replied. ‘The first time you met me, I had known you before then, another time, another place. I knew it the moment I saw your eyes.’
‘What are you talking about?’
‘Your name, your title, the Daughter of Thor is not just a name. You are in fact, Thor’s daughter. Long ago, Thor, the Son of Odin, made his way to the Earth Realm and brought back a human wife. That woman was your mother.’
‘Impossible!’ Jean exclaimed. ‘My parents are from Los Angeles. I grew up in a small apartment above the bookshop and DVD rental store they owned.’
‘Those were not your real parents,’ he sighed, ‘please, give me a chance to explain.’
‘Go ahead.’
‘When you were born, it was considered your life would be under serious threat. You were born of ancient prophecies, fated to fight beside the Sons of Odin at the Ragnarök Battle. Therefore, I was assigned to transport you from that ancient time, to the not too distant past and teleport you to the Earth Realm, where you were put up for adoption.’
‘I can’t believe this,’ Jean said in a state of shock.
‘Believe it,’ he said, ‘it is plain fact. It was Thor’s Mother who ordered that I take you to Earth. She insisted she would watch over you, though you would rarely have seen her in the same form twice. Loves a disguise the old Frigariel.’ 
‘Anna?’ Jean asked.
‘Perhaps, she would have assisted you and the Sons to enter our world the first time.’
‘What does this mean?’ she asked.
‘It means you hold the true power of the Daughter of Thor,’ Elarja said. ‘The strength of Kismeria flows deep in your veins. You are perhaps the only one strong enough to stand against the Magic of the Sons of Odin. So, perhaps it is not your destiny to fight beside the Sons at Ragnarök, but instead it will be your duty to defeat them.’
They sat in silence as the words hit home, before Elarja said in a soft tone, ‘But there is more. It is perhaps more difficult to explain, this may make your brain go all twisty.’
‘Tell me,’ she urged.
‘I would rather wait to see what unfolds here first.’ He looked around the forest clearing once more, trying to guess exactly where they had landed. In a way the Time-Stones were a kind of compass and also a time-dial. He knew he was in Torvellen county, approximately one thousand years before the First Arrival of the Sons of Odin. ‘Why here?’ he pondered. He also quickly altered his appearance with Illusion-Magic to a different face and clothing.
‘What else were you going to say, Elarja?’ she pleaded. ‘If it concerns my fate, I must know of it.’
‘Know that our story goes back even further than that time when I first held you as a newborn. Time-travel, causal loops, things get all mixed up. Impossible things can occur without a clear explanation.’
‘Tell me!’ she commanded.
‘Perhaps there will be more time,’ he said. ‘More time to tell what needs to be said. You should know that I have always felt great love for you, Jean Fairsythe.’
‘What are you saying?’ Jean asked, sounding scandalized. 
‘Not in that way, forgive me.’ He paused a moment longer when a young male voice called in the distance. His immortal sight clearly marked the boy approaching through the woods. When he recognized that youthful face, he realised he was yet again just a victim of the will of fate. He smiled broadly, waving to the boy as he began to sprint towards them with Aelfin speed.

***
Jean was heartbroken and overwhelmed. She still could not believe Adem had fallen so far. She did not think it possible she could ever forgive him of this. And Elarja telling her that he loved her! How was she supposed to take that? She sat thinking things over when Elarja began to smile and wave to someone in the distance.
‘Who is it?’ she asked in wonder.
‘I’ll save it for a surprise,’ he said with that wide grin.
She did not have his exceptional sight, so she waited for a time, until a young Elf boy came running into the clearing. At a guess she would say he was about twelve years old.
‘Good day, my Lady, my Lord,’ the boy spoke with noble courtesy. ‘What brings you out here in the woods?’
It was then that Jean recognized that handsome face, the long jaw line, dark spiked hair, and jet-black eyes like polished marble.
‘May we first have the pleasure of your name, young lord?’ Jean asked in a teasing tone.
The boy bowed low, holding his cloak out behind him, and flourishing it a little as he replied, ‘My name is Orion, son of Kohdin. Pleased to make your acquaintance!’ 
And indeed, it was, a youthful Orion Demon-Slayer in the flesh.
‘Our Estate is not far from here,’ he said excitedly. ‘Mother and Father would love to meet you both, I’m sure. There is something about you two, it almost feels like I’ve known you before.’
Jean laughed softly before saying, ‘Lead the way, Mighty Orion. It would be my pleasure.’

Chapter 24


A Song of Paradise

Pendral watched as the demon army was washed aside by the dominating force of the Heroes of Will. The riders carved a path through the ranks of giant-sized goblins, obliterating thousands in waves of blood and fire. It was a good omen for the Harp to be restored, though he burned with sorrow that his son had returned to the Realm of the Dead. First his darling Mother, and now his son also. He truly hoped his father had survived somehow.
He considered taking flight to pursue the other Shadow Dragon, though only the Sword of Valour seemed to have any impact against those beasts. He looked to the fields below where the remaining Forsaken were evacuating though Portal-Spells. He would not wreak his vengeance upon them here and now. He would bide his time.
There were none left alive amongst the other Children of Odin and Heroes of Will that had surrounded his half-sister before she was taken captive. The question now was whether to attempt a rescue effort on his own, or to join Hayley Mijimha on the battlefield and attempt to hold back another force of demons.
Odin and Tohka Reiden were now enormous Battle Angels, stomping Rohgorahl and Morhidrahl into dust upon the battlefield. Hurling down lightning fists to blast demon scum to blazing sulphur. Their onslaught, joined with the thunderous hooves of Phantom-Steeds pounding the earth in a rumbling chorus, created a deep buzzing hum in the atmosphere, thunder rolling through the heavens amidst pillars of flame. This battle would soon be over, but there were demon forces massing across the Free Lands, and they could only hope to hold back the hordes at the River Ellenorin, if any. 
From the skies he joined the battle hurling Bolt Rain and Fire Pythons, Spears of Odin and Sabre Tusked Boar charging on the fields that massacred the demon ranks causing chaos and ruin. When the battle was near its end Pendral was gladdened to find that both Reiden and Odin joined with his enchanted blade as Resting Point. It had been long since he was joined with Battle Angels in a cause worth fighting for.

***

Hayley awoke to the sounds of alarm throughout the campsite! ‘Awake! AWAKE!’ her men were screaming. ‘The enemy is upon us!’
Serock was nowhere to be seen. The bastard fled! she thought in irritation.
She took flight to hover above the campsite to gain a better vantage point to view the river. Indeed, somehow the enemy had made it across the river far too quickly. It had only been an hour she had slept at most. How did they make the crossing so swiftly? she wondered.
It was then that a warp of space brought her husband back into view. He hovered in the sky only ten feet away from her position, and instantly he launched those vicious attacks of multiple arrows that simply appeared out of thin air. Her Battle Angels formed Shield-Spheres around her in time. The arrowheads thudded against her vision in transparent flares, sending vibrations across the surface of the sphere.
‘Then let it be done!’ she said with fangs bared, launching into an assault with her blade drawn. Wil’s massive black axe came up in defence, and they engaged in fierce combat as their Battle Angels took form in the skies around them. Lightning and thunder filled the air, electrifying her blood and bones as she hacked and slashed with vehement rage.
She had to end this now! Her warriors below were being massacred by the thousands as they attempted to form Shield-Domes strong enough to withstand a charge by those giant goblin breeds.
Her moment of victory was bittersweet, as she joined her blade with Wil’s breastplate, a few inches below the heart. At the same moment, his axe thudded into her skull, and together they fell from the night sky.
When she woke, her husband had cradled her fall. Her skull was bleeding, and some of his arrows had struck her side, that was also badly wounded. She had a splitting headache, but her focus was on Wil, as she saw that in his last moments his sanity and good nature had returned.
‘Hayley!’ he exclaimed. ‘My darling wife! I’ve missed you terribly.’
‘Tell me how the demons got through,’ she said, ignoring his kind words.
‘Ah, yes!’ he said, reaching into a pouch in his cloak. He drew forth a disc, covered in intricate lines and dials, very minute details on a device no larger than his palm. ‘This is the Rescue Codec,’ he said between breaths. ‘I won it in the Arkendriel, long ago.’ He seemed proud of that memory.
‘What does it do?’ she asked.
‘It can work for good or for evil,’ he replied. ‘But if you set a time, in the past, and choose the side of good, you will bring forth an army of the All-Father from an ancient Age.’
‘And you were using it to bring the demons,’ she said, finding it hard to believe her own words.
‘Hayley, I’m so sorry!’ he shuddered emphatically. ‘I lost touch so long ago. I would never willingly hurt you. I couldn’t come to you, there’s no time to explain … but you must do something for me.’
‘What is it?’ she asked.
‘You must rescue my son,’ he spoke with tears in his eyes.
‘Have I met him?’ she asked when there was so much more she needed to ask.
‘You know him, yes!’ he said. ‘My son is …’ his eyes glazed over as his breathing faltered. She checked for a pulse then closed his eyelids. She would not mourn for this pathetic being. This was not the man she had loved. But in those last moments, he was Wil again! Tears stung her eyes, but she wiped them clear.
This device, she began to try to work out how to use it when she suddenly felt very dizzy. She had lost a lot of blood. She collapsed, staring at the moon and stars as her vision blurred and time seemed to slow.

*** 
Pendral stepped through the Portal-Spell with a host of Dark Elves that had survived the massacre by the Forsaken betrayers. They stood now on the field of battle at the edge of the River Ellenorin. The morning sky was grey white, the bodies of the fallen were crimson blood. Demons ravaged their ranks, smashing and slashing the tiny Elf Kin with their Jinn-Magic hammers and axes. 
His Dark Elf brothers lent aid, striking fast with Lightning-Arrows and Jinn Arts Magic. Pendral searched the battlefield until he saw the woman Hayley lying alone in the field beside a dead Wil Martyr. He stood over the woman wondering if he should save her, given their history, when he sliced his vein on one wrist and cupped the flow of blood with the other hand. That hand he held above her lips and allowed her to drink.
When she was satisfied, he bandaged the wound and she sat upright, returned to full health. ‘Surprisingly, that did not leave a bad taste in my mouth,’ Hayley said, after wiping her lips. ‘Quite tasty, in fact.’ She bared her fangs and said, ‘I will have to remember that next time I am thirsty.’ There was a pause, before she said, ‘Thank you.’
‘You’re welcome,’ he said. 
She then lifted a small device in her right hand, flicking a few levers and dials, then pressed a green button on one side of the palm sized disc.
The next moment a vast explosion of light filled the horizon. They both looked there to see a Portal-Spell opening, this one formed of a white hue, from which poured forth an ancient force of Dragon Riders. Their mounts were of the Heki’Shienden breed that were built somewhat like horses, though they were much larger fully scaled lizards that ran on all fours, with saddles, bridle, and reins. The riders were resplendent in their armour of emerald and gold, or cobalt and ruby, of Torvellen breed that were taller and leaner than the modern-day equivalents, at least a foot taller than Orion or Tobin had been.
Horns sounded from their ranks, trumpets, and drums, as a fierce roar filled the air of thousands of ancient souls summoned by a schism in time. They charged the demon ranks to shatter the enemy lines, thundering across the battlefield unleashing Angel-Spells of Blizzard-Light and Sun-Sabre-Frost. Demon bodies were blasted to shreds by the brilliant bright magic of Lightning-Lances and Incineration-Arrows, cast to the wind in waves of burning dust and splattering black blood.
At the same time, Pendral summoned Odin, who appeared in the sky, ten feet tall, wielding the Harp of Odin to unleash the Heroes of Will once more. Those riders of starlight and ember charged upon the killing fields, blasting demon skulls apart in rain of fire. They joined ranks with the ancient Dragon Riders, and soon the enemy were pushed back to the edges of the river and forced into those dragging currents by the thousands by blasts of molten magnificence. They had saved thousands of villagers nearby, that was certain fact, but how many other demon armies ravaged the lands to the west?

***

Glimmer!
‘What have you learnt from it all?’ The great Earth spirit was asking Adem, clutching him like an acorn in her palms.
‘What?’ Adem asked.
‘What did you learn?’
‘Learn? What do you mean?’
‘Not good enough,’ the elderly voice croaked, as a light encircled Adem in blazing colours.
Glimmer!
Flicker!
Flash!
Flare!
‘What did you learn, Odin Son?’ 
‘Why do you keep asking me that?’ Adem cried, held by Gaia, he was as helpless as a lamb to slaughter. ‘I learnt that…you can’t change the past!’
‘Oh, but you can,’ Gaia replied, hazel eyes turning soft as she gazed down like a caring mother. ‘Tell me something that can’t be changed.’
‘I don’t know.’ Adem spluttered. ‘You can’t change the weather.’
‘Yes, you can!’ The Earth Spirit gave a deep sigh. ‘I grow weary of this game, mortal. Tell me what I need to hear, or I will end it here and now!’
Adem perceived a clear threat in her tone.
‘You can’t mend what is truly broken!’ Adem shouted. ‘So, no matter how much you are hurting, when you’ve broken something that can’t be mended, you can’t take it out on others by hurting them too!’
‘Good answer,’ Gaia smiled with chestnut lips of deep-emerald vines and brown wooden branches. ‘You are free to go.’
Adem stared in wonder at the gracious being, ‘Thank you, Gaia, I won’t forget you!’
‘Just don’t go trying to crack my world like an eggshell,’ Gaia replied with the voice of a soft summer storm. ‘And remember, anyone can change the past. It’s just that most don’t have the strength to know how.’
Adem bowed deeply, feeling teron seep back into his form as he stood with feet planted on a palm of wooden planks the size of an eight-wheel wagon. With a delicate grip of the other hand, she mended the break in the Staff of Rejuvenation and Ruination. Handing it to him with a warm smile. He made a flourishing gesture with the legs of his robe, then formed a Portal-Spell to get out of there as fast as he could jump!
When he returned to the surface on the plateau where he had fought and murdered his wife, the place was deserted. He wondered how much time he had spent there under the earth. Then in a flicker of colour and light, a Portal-Spell opened, and his son Pendral stepped through. He looked weary from battle, but not the madman he had come to fear and despise.
‘You are a little late, Father,’ he said, as Hayley stepped through, and more Portal-Spells opened as Eva’Hahlen began to file out onto the snow-covered plateau by the thousands.
‘What did I miss?’ Adem asked.
‘Everything,’ Hayley replied.
‘But where is Rayne and Isabelle?’ Adem asked, and when his son shook his head with that saddened expression, Adem felt tight pain constricting his chest.
‘Oh God!’ Adem exclaimed. ‘Not again! I can’t lose her again!’
‘It is more serious than just that,’ Pendral said, when Adem looked around expecting to see the former Torvellen and Nordic Kings and Queens.
‘Where is Orion?’ Adem asked, and he was shocked and heartbroken when Pendral silently shook his head once again. ‘How?’ Adem asked.
‘Shadow Dragon,’ Pendral replied. Adem felt that he was about to vomit blood!
‘Tobin, Lydia, Elmira?’ he asked.
‘All fallen in battle,’ Pendral said. ‘They were destroyed by Tarz’s men.’
‘So Tarz has betrayed us?’ Adem asked.
‘Possessed!’ Pendral replied deadpan.
‘Damn it!’ Adem snapped.
‘He took your daughter prisoner,’ Pendral said. ‘The rest were slaughtered.’ He gestured to the ranks of Dark Elves, ‘These are all that remain of our forces. These and a host of Heki’Shienden riding ancients.’
When Adem gaped at the mention of Dragon Riders Hayley said, ‘Long story.’
‘The Children of Odin?’ Adem asked, ‘The Heroes of Will, where are they?’
‘The Harp of Odin has been reforged,’ Pendral said. ‘Odin holds it now, and he is stored in my blade as Resting Point.’
Adem roared with outrage! His heart was pounding in his chest, tight pain that made it difficult to breathe. ‘Where is Elarja?’ he asked finally.
‘I have not seen him since he left with Wil,’ Hayley said.
He took some time to walk up onto the hillside where he could overlook the plateau. All the loss, all the pain, it overwhelmed him to devastation. But he had learnt that losing his temper and punishing the world for his own failures was futile against the Earth Spirit Gaia. So, he crumpled into a pile and wept.
As he sat there, he clutched Jean’s ring on the toramor necklace hanging at his chest. He forced all of his pain and anger into that device, willing it to respond. At some point he felt light enter his chest, healing light that filled him with peace. He looked up, and everyone began to tilt and sway as a transparent bubble formed around him, translucent light as he watched their arrival in reverse, time moving backward. He willed the ring to change the past, praying, and asking God to take him to a time and place where he could fix it. Then the miracle occurred. He watched the snowfall return to the clouds, time moving in reverse, winding back the hands of time.
He saw a host of warriors return to the plateau, watched Isabelle, Lydia, Elmira, Terese and Janeanne cutting their hair to lay on a burial pile that was surely for Jean. Before that he saw arguments between Hayley and the Dark Elves, saw them leave in reverse, but he could not go back any further than this. Each time he punished the ring with spells of teron to attempt to work its magic again, it slowed, like wheel cogs giving up their turning, and time returned to normal. He had seen Jean’s funeral many times over, but each time those time-cogs slipped and wound back into normal motion, he was flung further ahead in time, landing in the middle of Hayley’s argument with the tall Eva’Hahlen once again. He guessed one reason he could not venture back before he had tried to crack the world was partly due to the lessons he had had to learn. He considered that perhaps Gaia was still influencing things to an extent also.
‘Then we must meet them at the river!’ Hayley was shouting. ‘Send one hundred thousand Forsaken to delay the northern forces from reaching the Plains of Haradhel. I will take the remaining Forsaken with the main force of Eva’Hahlen to defend the west side of the River Ellenorin.’
‘And who will lead our people?’ It was the same Dark Elf Adem had seen arguing with Hayley many times over now. ‘The Asgardics were a failure. I will not lead my people to further slaughter at the hands of this feeble mortal!’
‘The Asgardics shall continue,’ Hayley said. ‘The battles have become a war.’
‘The Sons and Daughter are gone from this world!’ The man drove each word through her heart like burning glacier-blades. ‘We will surely perish if we go to war without them! I will take my people deep into the mountain caves where we will wait out the slaughter.’
‘Such cowardice would never earn you the right as champion of the Asgardics, or any competition where I stand as judge. My husband will return!’ Janeanne, Terese, Lydia and Elmira moved to surround her with scalding glares for the provoker. Tobin and Orion stood poised like lions ready to tear out throats with claws of flickering steel.
‘How do you even know that much?’ the aggressor asked. ‘For all you know he was killed in the past and will never return. If he lived as long as his Brothers, he would still be here in this time, like Highlander and Wilder, and so he must be dead!’
‘I am still here!’ Adem shouted down the mountainside, as he began to descend.
All eyes looked up towards him, and he raised his hands out wide as he wielded teron to make his voice reach every one of them. ‘I have suffered since you last saw me. Suffered greatly. I have learnt a lot also. I know now I was a fool to try to break the world. The world is not at fault. I return to you now to lead you, in these battles, that may be known as the Dawn of Ragnarök. I cannot promise victory, but I will die trying to defeat our enemies if that is my fate.’ 
The tall Dark Elf that had opposed Hayley raised a fist to the sky, a gleam of compassion in his jet-black eyes. ‘Well met, Adem Highlander. I dare not ask what you have endured since we last saw you. But you make a fine bargain. To fight with honour on the side of good, in the Battle of Ragnarök to save Kismeria. I will follow you.’
‘I know my friends, and family,’ Adem began, ‘would look upon me now and see only the Monster that had murdered his own wife. But I have been paying a penance for that sin for many years now. I have asked God to help me fix the problems I faced, and I see now that He has given me a second chance.’
He made his way down to stand amongst his people. Orion and Tobin were there, Pendral, Lydia, Elmira, Isabelle, Terese and Janeanne. Rayne was there, with his darling Rievenna. He could change history now. There was a chance to save them all.
But first, he had to say a fitting farewell to his dearly departed wife. The funeral for Jean he had watched had been beautiful, but he would make it even better. After more songs of woe, and a display of coloured lights filling the sky, he wielded his Matter-Manipulation to create a statue of Jean, in the image of her he remembered. It was a perfect liking of course, but the magic was more at work there. It stood ten feet tall, formed of pure obsidian, and he was able to make it permanent, due to a memory of watching Carl when he first created Shienden. He did not think he would be able to do the same with a living creature, but this stone he was able to solidify with a strength beyond toramor.
At the base he placed a plaque, with the inscription:
The Love of my Life,
She Died for Love,
Struck Down by the Hand that Loved Her.
Everything Jean Did was For Love,
And so, she will be Remembered with a Deep and Endless Love. 
Isabelle moved up beside him to ask, ‘Will you make a fine statue of me, when I go?’
Adem put an arm around her to reply, ‘If I have my way, I won’t let you go.’
Tarz was there also, though Adem had stilled his temper for now. They had all been victims of possession demons at some point, Pendral, Adem, Carl, and Wil, and now Tarz also. He would not murder Rodriel Tarz for crimes he was yet to commit. But they would need to have a long talk.


Chapter 25



A Sliver of Time

Jean and Elarja followed the young Orion Demon-Slayer through the forest towards his home. Elarja had changed his face and clothing with Illusion-Magic a few moments before he first spotted the boy, and they both hoped Orion had not spied him before then. He seemed to trust them both, which was a positive sign. Elarja could not risk Orion’s parents recognizing the true Elven King at this point in time. He appeared to be a tan skinned Torvellen with light grey eyes and dark brown hair, wearing a simple tunic and armour of brown and grey leathers. There was no insignia on his breastplate either.
When they reached the forest’s edge, they entered a meadow, then after climbing a small hillside, they found the manor house situated in a small valley surrounded by maple and oak trees. It took about an hour to walk there, and Jean looked across the grounds to get her bearings. There was a large stable, fields and orchards further north, and some farm animals including wandering chickens and ducks, and a large sow and boar in a pen with a litter of piglets.
There were men tending the animals and working in the stables, but otherwise the place seemed quite isolated. A plough sat nearby hitched to two oxen, but the men appeared to be unhitching the harnesses. It was early afternoon, the sun making its way towards the horizon in warm orange and gold. The sky was bright blue above, with blazing white clouds hovering to the east.
Kohdin, Orion’s Father, greeted them with a smile and a short bow. He patted Orion on the head as he remarked, ‘My boy has made some new friends I see,’ Orion looked up at Kohdin with a grin. ‘What are your names, may I ask?’
‘This is Jean,’ Orion said.
 ‘I was asking them, son,’ Kohdin replied. ‘Jean, how lovely to meet you. And what is your name traveller?’
‘I am called Romak,’ Elarja said, reaching out a hand to shake Kohdin’s. ‘I serve the Lady Jean as her Aldebrand.’
‘And what brings you out to our neck of the woods?’ Kohdin asked with a look that suggested he was not quite convinced.
‘We are a little lost, to be honest,’ Jean put in quickly. ‘We don’t often travel these lands.’
‘And what direction were you going?’ Kohdin asked, looking a little agitated. 
‘East,’ Elarja said. ‘Towards Fal’Alamon.’
‘Of course,’ Kohdin said, ‘where Rune Talar is King.’
‘Rune Talar was King of Breascottvale the last I heard,’ Elarja said. Jean was glad the man had taken over with the compound lies. This was making her nervous.
‘Of course,’ Kohdin said, ‘I meant King Ballinger,’ at this point he stroked his thick greying moustache. Though I can’t recall if he is King Marek Ballinger the Second or the Third.’
‘King Tor’Marek Ballinger the Fourth,’ Elarja corrected with a calm expression. Jean hoped he was right.
‘Orion, my boy,’ Kohdin began, staring Elarja down like a lone wolf, ‘run inside and tell your Mother we have some guests for dinner this evening.’
‘We would not wish to impose on you,’ Elarja started, before Kohdin asked, ‘Do you always speak for your Lady Ael Tarael?’
‘We would be delighted,’ Jean said breathily. ‘I’m very fond of your boy, Kohdin. I foresee great things for him.’
At this remark Kohdin beamed with amusement. ‘Perhaps you are right, Lady Jean. I do hope so.’ Then his expression grew dark. ‘Now that we are alone, you can tell me who you really are.’
‘What do you mean?’ Elarja asked.
‘You were correct about Rune Talar,’ Kohdin said with a grimace. ‘However, you seem to be about three hundred years behind the times regarding the Kings of Fal’Alamon. The ruler’s name is Carilyon Ballinger. Queen Carilyon.’ His gaze was filled with a dangerous threat. ‘Now tell me the truth or I will have my men beat it out of you.’
‘He is Elarja RinHannen,’ Jean said in a rush. ‘But you cannot tell Orion. You see, we know him. Or we will know him when he is older.’
All the tension seemed to drain out of him, as he regained composure. ‘Most would not believe you,’ he said. ‘But I do. May I see your true face my King?’
Elarja revealed his true face and form, in brilliant emerald and golden armour and a dark green coat with thick sleeves buttoned back in burning crimson. Orion was inside the house now, and hopefully was not peeking out the window at the time. It was only for a few moments, as Kohdin stared in amazement, then suddenly the man began to kneel.
‘Forgive me, Lord Elarja,’ he stammered. ‘I had presumed, I had hoped … but never would I have believed it possible before this day!’
‘Please rise,’ Elarja said, sounding annoyed.
When Kohdin looked up, still on bended knee, his gaze was pleading when he asked, ‘Why will you not lead us? We are desperate for a King that will make a difference in the Endless War.’
‘I have duties above and beyond sitting on a throne and barking orders,’ Elarja said, and this time he really sounded upset. ‘Get up, man! Before the boy sees you. He cannot know my identity.’
‘The truth is that I dreamt of this,’ Kohdin stammered. ‘Only last night. I dreamed that two visitors would arrive with your exact faces. And when I questioned you, I saw the man Romak’s face change to that of the son of Rodin Cloud-Walker. Did I believe it was a premonition? No! But when I saw you both approaching with the boy, I knew something was very wrong.’
Jean breathed the words, ‘The Rift.’
Kohdin turned to Jean to ask, ‘So, what is your story?’
‘I am Jean Fairsythe,’ she said with pride. ‘Daughter of Thor.’ The man’s jaw looked ready to hit the floor.
‘Impossible!’ he said in disbelief. ‘Why are you here? Now? You are not destined to arrive here for another thousand years or more.’
‘Like I said,’ Jean replied, ‘we got a little lost.’
‘Can I ask what day it is?’ Elarja asked. ‘The exact date.’
‘Freyaday the thirteenth,’ Kohdin replied. ‘The month is Sovereign.’
‘And the boy is in his twelfth year?’ Elarja asked.
‘Why do you ask?’ Kohdin asked.
Jean looked to Elarja to ask also, ‘Yes, why Elarja? What is it?’
Elarja looked quite saddened, then he hardened his expression and replied, ‘It is nothing. Nothing we can change at least. Shall we prepare for supper? I would be delighted to meet your lovely wife, Kohdin Grey-Master.’
‘When I tell her your true identity she will likely start giggling like a schoolgirl,’ Kohdin said with that warm smile. ‘It would be the very highest of honours to serve you with our humble room and board, Great One.’

***

When Orion had finished helping his Mother prepare dinner and he had set the table with extra places for Romak and Jean, he made his way out onto the front porch. His Father sat in his old rocking chair, smoking his pipe with a mug of apple cider by his side. Orion sat on the smaller chair next to him and reached for his golden flute and began to play a merry tune. His Father slapped his thigh and stomped a foot against the deck in rhythm with the melody.
‘It is always peaceful to hear you play, my boy,’ Kohdin said with a sad smile.
He stopped playing to look up at his Father. ‘What’s wrong, mon pater?’ he asked.
‘Nothing boy, just, idle thoughts,’ Kohdin said with a sigh. Then he reached for something wrapped and leaning against the side of the red brick wall. He unwrapped the long object to draw forth a beautiful sword in a scabbard of glistening gold. ‘This is Little Tiger,’ his Father said, unsheathing the blade to reveal a brilliant golden shine that emanated rather than just reflected. Orion guessed it was enchanted, just like his Father’s own blade, Tigerclaw.
‘Is it for me, Father?’ he asked with delight.
‘It is yours for now,’ Kohdin said, as he sheathed the blade and handed it over.
‘It is heavy,’ Orion said, drawing the blade and feeling its balance with one hand.
‘It will get lighter as you grow, son,’ Kohdin said. ‘You have trained well with practice swords, now it is time to learn to wield real steel.’
‘Oh, thank you, Father!’ he yelped, placing the blade and scabbard on the deck, and leaping up to hug his Father still sitting in his chair. Kohdin hugged him back and chuckled deeply.
‘One day you will wield the real Tigerclaw,’ Kohdin said, at which point Orion moved away and crossed his arms with a scowl to ask, ‘What will you use if I have Tigerclaw?’
‘Never mind boy,’ he said with a shrug, ‘that day may be long off from now.’
‘Father I couldn’t bear to lose you or Mother!’ he hugged him again as tears stung his eyes. ‘I will grow big and strong so I can always protect the both of you!’
‘Strong you will grow, indeed,’ Kohdin said. ‘Do not show tears, boy. You are nearing manhood. You must show the proper behaviours expected of a man.’
‘I’m sorry, Father,’ he said, wiping his tears. 
‘Good boy, Orion. You are a very dutiful son, with a good heart. Whatever woman steals your heart will have made the right choice.’
‘I’ll never marry, Father,’ Orion said in a stubborn tone. ‘I’ll stay here and look after you and Mother forever.’
‘That’s silly talk, Orion,’ Kohdin said, raising a hand to wipe at a tear falling from Orion’s cheek. ‘Your Mother and I will be just fine. You will have to make a life of your own, soon enough. Why, soon you will be leaving for the Academy. Remember to stick to the books as much as your swordsmanship. And listen to your Lecturers. It takes great minds to build a great mind.’
‘Yes, Father,’ he said, raising a hand to salute.
‘Good boy, now run along and wash up. It’s nearly time for supper.’

*** 

After a satisfying dinner, Jean and Elarja sat and listened to Orion play the flute for a time. He was quite talented for his age. But then Kohdin beckoned his wife, Ellenszibeth, to sing, while he played the violin for their honoured guests. ‘This one is called the Eternal Beckoning,’ Kohdin said to Jean with a wink. Elarja groaned a little. It was obviously devised by Kohdin and his wife to inspire Elarja to take up his rightful place as King of the Elves.
And it was stunning! The violin took Jean on a journey of wonderous adventure. Emotions were stirred as Ellenszibeth’s song sent chills up across her skull and throughout her every fibre. It was a heartbreaking lamentation. Jean was in tears by the end, and partway through, as Orion sat and gazed at his parents as the adoring son.
Elarja was clearly moved by the performance, and he clapped loudly and made a standing ovation at the end, calling for an encore, at which point Kohdin remarked, ‘I would play something merrier, but I fear it would take away the pain we have all just endured.’
‘I understand then,’ Elarja said, and a knowing look passed between them. ‘Lady Ellenszibeth,  you broke my heart a thousand times or more with tears of joy and sorrow. There is enough power in your voice to make the Devil Weep.’
Ellenszibeth smiled in gratitude and gave a deep curtsy. ‘You honour us greatly,’ was all she said in reply. A beautiful Torvellen Lady with rich raven locks, glowing tan skin and eyes like dark starlight. She wore an emerald gown that was clearly dug up out of the chests to dress up for their honoured guests. Kohdin had also changed into finer clothing this evening, in a navy-blue coat with crimson sleeves pulled back showing silver dragons. He was not the spitting image of Orion as a man, but his weathered and greying visage bore a strong resemblance.
Jean just couldn’t shake the feeling something was up with Elarja. His mood was … troubled. What did he know that he was not saying? What secrets is he keeping from us? she thought with a frown.

*** 

That night, as Elarja sat on the porch smoking a pipe and enjoying some cider, Kohdin shared with him the rest of the dream he had had the night before.
‘I already know what is going to happen next,’ the man said. ‘My men are ready. All that matters is that the boy survives.’
‘I wish there were more I could do for you both,’ Elarja said.
‘I understand what it would mean to try to save us,’ Kohdin said. ‘I want the boy to accept fate and move on with his life.’
‘I’m sorry,’ Elarja offered.
‘Forget it,’ Kohdin said. ‘Have you informed Lady Jean?’
‘She is ready,’ Elarja replied.
They sat in silence for a time, until Kohdin reached for his sword, drawing Tigerclaw as it glowed pure golden in the darkness. It was then that the shouting started.
‘AWAKE!’ one man cried.
‘Demons on the field!’ another roared.
‘See that the boy is kept safe,’ Kohdin said, then he was dashing onto the fields where Boli-Kuldr began to emerge by the dozen. He was lightning fast in his sword forms, slashing and hacking through foes with deadly precision.
Elarja entered the house and barred the door. He could lend what aid they needed, but he knew the Angel of Death would simply cut them down as soon as the battle was ended. This was all history already written. He could do nothing but save Orion.
Ellenszibeth and Orion were soon downstairs, followed shortly after by Jean, strapping her bow to her shoulders and drawing her blade. ‘How many are out there?’ Jean asked.
‘Too many,’ Elarja said. ‘We wait here.’
Sounds of battle surrounded the manor house, striking of steel, animal grunts of demons dying. Perhaps if they had a few more men with them, Elarja thought.
Moments later there was a heavy thudding on the front door. The hinges snapped off the brick wall, and the door landed with a heavy rumble. Three Boli-Kuldr stormed the room, but Elarja cut them down in an instant. Using the Time Stones to slow their speed while fighting with the strength and speed of the Second Born. They collapsed at his feet.
‘We have to try to get away,’ Elarja said.
‘I’m not leaving Mother!’ Orion shouted.
‘We can all leave together,’ Jean said.
‘I’m afraid that is impossible,’ Elarja said, giving her a meaningful glare.
‘I won’t go!’ Orion shouted with arms crossed. He wore Little Tiger strapped to his sword belt still sheathed.
‘You must go,’ his mother commanded. ‘We will catch up.’
‘No!’ Orion roared. ‘I won’t go!’
Ellenszibeth also carried a Lukrorian Bow of bright jade. She wielded the bow to draw an arrow of perfect emerald light as she said, ‘You will go! Now! I will be right behind you.’
Orion took Jean’s hand, wiping tears from his eyes as they left through the front door. The way was clear for now, but the sounds of battle were close. The stables were on fire, carrying a foul smoke in their direction.
‘Quickly!’ Elarja commanded. They left the front porch and were crossing the field when the roar of demons sounded all around. Jean wielded a ball of fire to mark their positions, there were dozens on all sides. Ellenszibeth was further behind, and she began to fire Lightning-Arrows to blast through demon breastplates. There were too many for a chance to escape, and so Elarja called to Jean, ‘Battle Angels! Now!’
Tanriel appeared in the skies as lightning bolts plummeted from all sides. Flame Spears punched through armour and skulls as bodies collapsed into piles of burning bones. A moment later Elarja heard Orion’s mother scream. They turned to see a Boli-Kuldr standing over her with his mallet falling to crush her skull. Orion screamed in outrage. He broke free from Jean’s grip and charged the demon with Little Tiger drawn.
The demon hardly saw the boy before his blade plunged into the creature’s chest. As the monster fell, Orion stood over him to plant the sword through his eye-socket. More demons swarmed around him, but he fought like the warrior he would grow to become, dodging falling hammers and scythes as he hacked at thighs and drove the blade through the stomach of another. He roared like a madman, but he was just a boy of twelve. Even Elarja felt emotion when witnessing such a tragedy.
A moment later the boy took off with Aelfin speed. Elarja knew he would try to save his father. They gave chase, and when they rounded the burning stables, there stood a demon horde, around Kohdin Grey-Master fallen to his knees. A Souljhin stood before him, blade raised, when Tanriel’s Spears took down every demon in a blaze of crimson. As demon skeletons collapsed in piles, Orion ran to his father’s side.
Elarja heard Kohdin’s words, ‘Take Tigerclaw, my son. It is yours now.’
A moment later the man collapsed face down in his own blood. His men were scattered across the field, bleeding or dead.
‘We have to leave!’ Elarja shouted to Jean, as she ran to Orion’s side.
Elarja watched them there a moment, when he saw a shadow forming above them like a cloud of smoke. He knew it was Calliach. The Angel of Death had come for Jean.
Elarja had only one option, so he created a Time Spell, formed around both Jean and Orion. It would take them to the only man that could protect Jean from Calliach. It was another part of history that Elarja had not fully understood until now. As the Time Sphere bulged and flared with coloured light, he saw Calliach’s scythe blade fall a second too late. When they were gone, Elarja created his own Time Sphere, and exited the field with a rumble like thunder.

***

Jean watched the Time Sphere surround her, as she looked over her shoulder to see the Angel of Death swinging his crimson scythe to take her life. As thunder and light surrounded both her and Orion, a moment later they were standing on a plateau of blue crystal that rose in tall shards all around them. The stone was dark blue, though it emanated a clear aqua light. She felt great Angel-Magic from those structures, that looked like jagged teeth rising from the earth, that was also formed of the same crystalline structures.
There were Great Trees in the distance, a forest of light in a deeper valley that could be viewed from the edges of the plateau. Orion was in tears, and she held him tightly as he trembled with emotion. ‘I’m here, Orion,’ she said in a gentle voice. ‘I will protect you.’
He pulled away from her, his expression enraged as he asked, ‘Why didn’t you help them?’
‘I couldn’t,’ she said. ‘My friend, his business is … complicated. Suffice it to say it was something that could not be changed.’
‘I hate that Romak!’ Orion shouted. ‘The next time I see him I’ll drive my sword through his heart!’
‘He saved us both, Orion,’ Jean said. ‘That is the best he could do. I’m sorry I can’t explain the rest right now. You’re in shock. You need to calm down.’
‘My Mother and Father are dead because of him!’ Orion roared. ‘Why would he save me and not them?’
‘Because you are very important,’ Jean said. ‘One day, you will change the world.’
He stared up at her with a scalding glare, ‘Impossible,’ he said.
‘You will see,’ was all Jean could manage.
Then a tall man was seen striding towards them through the columns of crystal. He was clean shaven with dark spiked hair and glistening black orbs. When Orion saw him, he clutched to Jean once again, staring the stranger down as he approached.
‘What miracle is this?’ the man asked. It was then that Jean recognized the man, though he was much younger than she had ever seen him before.
The next instant a tall shadow loomed above them, and she turned to see Calliach staring from his hooded cloak with a skull of white bone and pitch-black eye-sockets. The scythe was raised to strike, when a brilliant flare of blue, white light struck the heart of the Angel of Death. A hissed scream tore the air, before Calliach vanished in a warp of space.
‘I am Jean, and this is Orion,’ Jean said to the man, when they could breathe again. ‘Who are you?’ But she already knew. Staring at that strong angular jaw and chiselled cheekbones, pointed black brows and Elf ears, it could be none other than a youthful Rodin Cloud-Walker.
What strange adventures I find myself on these days, she thought with a small grin. 
Rodin stepped forward to bend the knee, as he placed down his spear of blue crystal at his feet. ‘I am Rodin,’ he said. ‘You are mortal,’ he said to Jean, ‘so you are not from our time.’
‘Elarja sent us,’ Jean said. ‘Do you know him?’ Orion looked up at her in puzzlement.
‘Elarja!’ Rodin boomed. ‘Yes, my first-born son. He visits me here from time to time, he taught us your language. But the strange thing is, he has not even been born yet. A furious mind-muddle time travel can be.’
‘Romak was Elarja RinHannen?’ Orion asked in disbelief. Jean looked down and nodded with a sad expression. ‘Then I understand,’ Orion said in a soft tone.
At that moment, a heavenly chorus started up in the valley below, thousands of male and female Elves singing in Ancient Nordic Tongue in voices that stirred deep emotions of sorrow and bliss. 
‘You are just in time for the Singing,’ Rodin said with a grin, at which point Orion broke away from her, making his way to the edge of the plateau. He sat there with crossed legs, staring into the valley with palms in prayer position. Then he began to wield lightning from his fists, that rose up into the starlit sky in tendrils of blue fire. At that point, the chorus altered, as if they could sense the heartache of the child.
‘What is he doing?’ Jean asked Rodin.
‘He is meditating on the Singing,’ Rodin said. ‘He is growing in mind and spirit.’
Then the man looked upon Jean with great admiration as he said, ‘Never before have I seen a woman as beautiful as you, Lady Jean. Elizaren has spoken words of love to me time and time again, but I have not felt she is the one. But when I look at you, it is as if destiny has brought you to me.’ Jean began to blush. 
‘Might I ask,’ Rodin continued, ‘if you are spoken for?’
‘I was,’ Jean said slowly, ‘but now I’m free.’ To which Rodin appeared extremely chuffed.
‘But this is wonderful!’ he boomed. ‘Lady Jean, it would be a great honour of mine if you and the boy would be my guests for as long as you can stay.’
‘I’m not sure how long that will be,’ Jean said, suddenly feeling quite stranded.
‘Forgive me for saying so,’ Rodin continued, ‘but never in my life has a woman touched my soul the way you do, Lady Jean.’
‘Please, just Jean,’ she said with a sheepish grin.
‘If you wish it,’ he said, taking her hand as they, both stood to make their way towards the edge of the plateau. There Jean could see the thousands of First-Born Immortals that filled the valley below, their heavenly symphony carried on the air like waves of blazing Angel-Magic.
Orion appeared to be in a sort of trance when she looked at his face. His eyes were large and illuminated by the lightning that charged from his fingertips into the clouds above. Tears of a broken-hearted child. She realised then that this must be where Orion gained his True Magic. These were the Ancient Elf Blood, the first of their kind with raw Elemental Magic flowing through their blood and bones. He was growing. And she would too.
 
The End of the Fifth Book of the Sons of Odin



Glossary

Ael Tarael: Female wielders of the Lord’s Power, Ael Tarael are the most highly trained of these female wielders, both mortal and immortal. They are often trailed by Aldebrands who serve as bodyguards. They are usually dressed in fine bright silk dresses and woollen or velvet cloaks, with jewels on their ringed fingers and necklaces. Female wielders are more often strongest in Angel-Magics of Air and Water.
Aldebrand: Title given to the bodyguards who serve to protect rulers, wielders and the Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor. Bonded to Angel-Magics of the land of Kismeria, these warriors receive what is known as the gift that fortifies their strength and endurance, making them able to fight longer than men without the gift. They usually carry a longsword and quiver on each hip and a Lukrorian Bow slanted in a case over their backs. Most also wear the Aldebrand cloak of shadows that can blend with their surroundings through the will of the wearer. 
Alit’aren: Male wielders of the Lord’s Power, both mortal and immortal, they are the most skilled and highly trained of all male wielders in Kismeria. These men are doomed to become mad or evil from the taint on the male half of Angel-Magic. Most often garbed in high collared black coats of wool or silk, dark trousers and black or brown leather knee-high boots. Full Alit’aren wear the sigils of the Sons of Odin on their collars, the Wolf, the Lion, and the Dragon. Male wielders are usually stronger in Angel-Magics of Earth and Fire.
Annan Lior: Also known as Manannan Mac Lir, a male Battle Angel who wields three swords, Storm Fury, Fire Rage, and Star Fury. Each blade aids the Great Angel to create a different form of Elemental Magic; Fire Rage, for example can summon Charging Bulls of orange flame to fall from the heavens.
Anwen: One of Jean Fairsythe’s Battle Angels, Anwen wields a tree branch that she uses to unleash birds of fire that attack her enemies, hawks, eagles, and falcons. Anwen is a Middle- Realm Angel, bound to the earth and trees. Her Resting Point is Jean’s blue sword.

Arawn: Battle Angel of Adem Highlander, and Great Angel of the Low Realm, or the Underworld. He unleashes Fire Lions in battle. His abilities are fuelled by ki’mera orbs obtained from defeated demons. A spectre of dark shadows with a silver skull mask and gauntlets worked with dark runes, eyes of yellow-orange flame. He wields a sword of crimson fire with a long steel hilt. 

Archer: Immortal warriors who have attained the title of Agnar, usually found amongst the Dremelden clans though there are Archers amongst all four immortal clans. They usually have a title that combines their clan name such as Reaven Archer, these warriors can be skilled in many types of weapons and most often serve as bodyguards similar to the Aldebrands. 
Balor: Formerly one of Adem Highlander’s Battle Angels, he wielded an axe of blue fire and summoned a giant spirit wolf named Shadowhunter. He was ten feet tall with a white beard and shining blue armour. The Sons of Odin and Daughter of Thor return to Kismeria to learn that Balor has become corrupted by the Jinn-Lord and now serves the Shadow.

Boli-Kuldr: Ram or bull skulled demons, half man, half animal, these creatures can stand from eight to ten feet tall, usually in dark armour with shaggy thighs and hooves for feet, ram or bull horns with eyes of fierce rage. Most are armed with dark tridents, spears, or scythe shaped blades. Boli-Kuldr will often cook a human in a large pot before eating. The Boli-Kuldr Wars were during an ancient Age when massive hordes of these demons invaded the Free Lands, massacring and creating chaos. 
Chameleon Arch: Archways made with the Lord’s Power, one for male wielders and one for female wielders. These portals to an alternate dimension were created as a test for the Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor, though they have served as the final test for male and female wielders before they are named Alit’aren and Ael Tarael.
Children of Odin: There are two types of these peoples, that are not a race or a clan, but a breed of wielders both male and female, born on two nights throughout history, the First Generation of Odin being born on the same night as Pendral Dragon-Sword, the Second Generation being born on the night of the birth of Pendral’s son, Rayne Dragon-Sword, these two men being the son and grandson of Adem Highlander, Pendral being the son of Isabelle, the Ruhalden Princess. Children of Odin were gifted exceptional strength in Angel-Magic, and in some cases other unique abilities, due to the great lightning storm on the night of their birth, the First being the night of Odin’s Awakening; the Second Generation born during the storm of Odin’s Return. Strangely, this Power of Odin that generates the gifts of the Children, allow these wielders to continue to harness and use teron or terael even during the days when wielding of Angel-Magic becomes unobtainable throughout the Free Lands. The Children of Odin are able to use a pure form of Angel-Magic; that does not contain the taint on teron or the corruption on terael; however, this rule does not apply for Pendral or his son Rayne, as they are born of the lineage of Adem Highlander, and his curse is continued through them from birth. Therefore, nearly all Children of Odin except for Pendral and Rayne, are not susceptible to the corruption and threat of madness that plagues both halves of Angel-Magic. The restriction they face is that because of this pure form they wield, most of the Children, except Pendral and Rayne, are unable to wield Jinn-Magic and perform techniques such as demon mind control. There are hundreds of Children of Odin throughout the Free Lands from the First and Second Generation, and most are arguably the most powerful wielders of the Age of Chaos.
Dark Elves: Eva’Hahlen in the Nordic Tongue, these immortals are descended from the Dremelden Clans of Wood Kin, Archers and Aldebrands. Through studies of the Dark Arts and by wielding Jinn-Magic, a corrupt form of Power associated with the Jinn-Lord and his Generals, the Eva’Hahlen became altered in their minds and behaviours, changing also in appearance as a race, mostly tan skinned though sometimes also pale of complexion due to their lineage stretching back to the First Nordics, the Dark Elves are usually dark haired with fierce dark eyes that crackle with the menace of corruption over their very souls. They are mostly a hostile war like people, though over time they have become nomadic tribes seeking peace throughout the Free Lands as they trade and barter for animal stock, grain and other goods including weaponry, armour, clothing, and tools. They rarely settle in one place long enough to establish farming communities, and they resort to Jinn-Magic combined with ancient Wood Elf Lore to foster swift growth of crops in times of need, often even growing huge fields of wheat or corn that pushes up through the winter snows. Most often Dark Elves are garbed in the torin’sidhe camouflaged boots, coats and trousers with the enchanted shadow cloaks known as Aldebrand cloaks. They are expert hunters and trackers due to their ancient Lore, as well as perhaps the finest Archers in the land, though they are also significantly powerful at wielding Jinn-Magic as a weapon against their enemies, the study which brought about their separation from the Dremelden Clan.
Dremelden: Forest Immortals, strong in Angel-Magics of Earth and Fire. They are kin to the Great Angels of Light, Fire, Trees, Wood, Earth, and Water. They are usually garbed in greens and browns for camouflage in their forest dwellings; this forest garb is known as the torin’sidhe. They usually carried Lukrorian Bows that unleashed flaming arrows in the days before the Age of Chaos, though the bows are still used throughout this Age to fire arrows of Angel-Magic and Jinn-Magic as most races and nations have rebelled against the old decrees of the Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor. Dremelden are less likely to wield the Dark Arts up until the last three years of history before the Second Arrival of the Sons and Daughter.
Druantia: Queen of the Druids, Wife to the Green Man, she symbolises fertility, growth, trees, and forests. Her feast is Bellatanus. Great Angel of summer and spring, she becomes one of Jean Fairsythe’s Battle Angels. Druantia can create giant soldiers that grow from the earth, creatures of wood and vine and leaf known as the Green Men. Druantia herself appears as a being of blue-green light in a shimmering gown with eyes of black seeds and hair of black fire. Druantia later became the Battle Angel of Hayley Martyr, and Hayley’s vampire curse was passed on to Druantia and all female Great Angels, corrupting terael to bring about the discovery of the Dark Arts.
Eledisren: Wil Martyr’s Battle Angel, also known as Dis Pater. Once he was a ten feet tall figure of shadows with a silver monkey skulled necklace and dark plated armour; wielding a giant axe of golden light and unleashes a murder of crows with eyes and wing tips of flame. Long dark locks and pale skin with dark eyes filled with either sadness or hatred. The Battle Angels have diminished in size and Power during the last thousand years, and Adem Highlander soon discovers this theft of their magic by the Jinn-Lord, is slowly turning all Great Angels into nearly mortal beings.
Enserah: Daughter of Wil Martyr and Hayley Martyr. Born with greater abilities than most vampires, Enserah appears otherwise untouched by the curse, and can consume normal animal, mineral and vegetable matter. The woman is also gifted the ability of flight, a power most Nightwalkers can only achieve after feasting on human blood.
Epona: Female Battle Angel, Horse Maiden, golden hair, and blue eyes of flame, often seen in armour of emerald shining light. Epona can summon a herd of Spirit Horses to fight at her side, enchanted beings of light and magic that can stomp demons in a stampede.
Gyffes, Llew Llaw: One of Adem Highlander’s Battle Angels. Twelve feet tall, a horned helmet and golden scaled armour, his hair is long blue fire and he wields a great blue sword. He is also able to unleash a pack of savage Spirit Wolves to join him in combat.
Gwydion: Male Battle Angel, first to be released from the confines of a Resting Point in the Age of Chaos, also known as the Age of Arrival of the Sons of Odin and Daughter of Thor. Gwydion appears most often in the form of an old man, white bearded with a gnarled wooden staff and blue robes and pointed hat. The Lightning Angel, also known as the Magician God, was often mistaken for Odin in ancient times when Battle Angels were all free from Resting Points, and were summoned from a bolt of lightning, a storm wind, a grass fire, a river or forest, etc, through prayer and worship. 
Jacoulra: Cousins to the Nymloc, these larger demons are bulkier in build with large torso and thick limbs. They often vary in eye colour from emerald, to crimson, to golden, to aqua to mauve. Some can wield fire and red lightning for elemental attacks. Most often ram skulled with curved ram or bull horns; they are black scaled with an appearance of tar like skin. Some stand up to ten feet tall and all are more difficult to defeat than a common Nymloc. 
Ki’mera: Orbs of coloured light that are the spiritual powers of demons released after death. These orbs fuel the Battle Angels, as well as wielders to enhance their powers and abilities. See also: Resting Point.

Lukrorian Bow: An enchanted bow crafted with the Lord’s Power, sometimes combining both teron and terael or otherwise only one half of Angel-Magic. The stone like surface appears to be marble though it is a binding of wood and a flexible marble like structure that coats the bow to protect the wood from the fire of the arrows of flame that are wielded with these enchanted weapons. Similar to the Hyperion Bow of mythologies from Earth’s history, the arrows of fire are wielded through a crystal or jewel encased in a ring of gold that is attached to the string of the bow. 
Maeve: Female Battle Angel, also known as Queen Maeve of the Faerie Realm, or the Witch Goddess. Maeve appears as a slight yet curvaceous and beautiful woman, dark eyes, ruby red lips, hair of white fire and a gown of silver light. Maeve has many Elemental Powers including control over many of the elemental creatures of Faerie. She is also known for an insatiable appetite for male company.
Mathonwy, Math: Battle Angel to Carl Wilder and Great Angel of the Low Realm. He wields the Hellhound Spear, a giant red glowing shaft that unleashes dark hounds the size of ponies with razor sharp teeth and claws. He has a beard of golden light and a conical steel helmet with wings at the sides, shining armour and gauntlets and a cape of blood red fire. 
Nordics: First of the Immortals. They are strongest in Angel-Magics of Fire and Lightning. Most resided in the ancient city of Nordhel during the Dawn of the Age of Chaos or in surrounding lands, as well as a few northern Green Border cities ruled by the three sons of Tobin Fire-Heart, including the new Nordic King, Turin. The Nordics consider themselves the first defence against the Shadow and his minions. 
Nymloc: Demons of the East Lands, scaled skin like black tar, fang shaped eyes of red flame. They have the skulls of black rams with long thick fangs and sharp black teeth. They sometimes wear armour of crimson fire and bear shields, spears, or swords, though their claws make them deadly even without weapons. 
Odin’s Harp: The Harp of Souls, the Daghda Harp, crafted by Odin during the First Age, to summon the Heroes of Will, who are bound to the Shield of Fire by the Hero Chain. These Heroes have been reborn countless times throughout history, sometimes retaining memories and abilities from past lives.
Rahkwel: The first goblins, taller than most mortals, usually in tribes of five to ten thousand living in caves or deserted kingdoms and cities. Rahkwel are frightened of the forests as the Dremelden rule these places and hunt any Rahkwel that cross their borders. Olive green skin with large golden eyes, they usually wear leathers and armour of browns, greens and greys and carry long bows and swords, axes, tridents, or spears.
Resting Point: Enchanted weapons or artefacts and relics in which the Great Angels or Battle Angels reside, these Resting Points provide a storage area for ki’mera orbs that can be used to further enhance Angel-Magics of a Battle Angel, or an enchanted item, or the wielder of the item or Battle Angel.
RinHannen, Elarja: A miraculous immortal man rescued by Carl Wilder, the history and extent of his powers are at first a mystery that intrigues the Sons of Odin. Also known as the Timestrider, he crafted the Four Time Stones from precious jewels that allow him to manipulate and even travel forwards or backwards through time. Elarja is an ancient legend during the Age of Chaos, as he was imprisoned for millennia in another realm. Elarja was most famous in the old stories for travelling back in time to rescue ancient heroes before they were killed in battle, bringing them to future Ages to aid him in his eternal struggle against the Jinn-Lord. Elarja noted as each of these heroes later died under suspicious circumstances, that the Angel of Death must have been seeking them out, to restore balance to the Great Cycle.
Rohjor: There are four Rohjor’s in Kismeria, that of the White Snow Fox, the Black Shadow Wolf, the Red Fire Lion, and the Blue Water Dragon. These sigils of power are also the sigils of the three Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor, Jean Fairsythe being the White Snow Fox. The sigils of the four Rohjor’s are often worn by Alit’aren and Ael Tarael as cloak pins, belt buckles and sometimes entire sigils embroidered on the back of cloaks or across the chest plates of armour. Servants and soldiers also bear these sigils on their shields, weapons and sometimes their clothing. The Rohjor’s are the four Covens of the Army of the All-Father. Even the Great Angels are considered a political player in the dealings of the Rohjor’s, though they do not attempt to commit to any Rohjor by personal choice. 
Ruhalden: Sea Immortals. Usually sail ships around the coasts of the lands known as the Great Sea to the west, the North Sea and the West Sea. They are strong in Angel-Magic of Water and Air. They are kin to the Great Angels of Water and Air.
Son of Odin: Title given to Adem Highlander, Carl Wilder and Wil Martyr, the three witnesses to ghosts on Earth, who are transported to the world of Kismeria, where they bring the taint that infects teron, the male half of Angel-Magic. The taint was embedded in the souls of the Sons of Odin when they faced those ghosts on Earth. These events have been a part of prophecy in Kismeria since the First Age.
Souljhin: Drakmohr, Swordsmen of the Shadow, Shadow Riders, demon-men. They wear dark racinthen armour of overlapping plates with hooded cloaks of shadows. They have pasty white skin, pointed ears and dark seed shaped eyes filled with menace and hatred for the immortals and mortals. They wield dark swords that glow with a blood red fire and ride dark stallions known as Shadow Steeds.
Tanriel: Battle Angel to Jean Fairsythe and Great Angel of the High Realm. She unleashes spears of crimson flame that release sheets of yellow-orange fire that fan out sideways to destroy demon flesh or the spears release red lightning when they hit a target. Tanriel always appears with wings of coloured light and shining armour that can change in colour each time she is released from her Resting Point.
Tarz, Rodriel: Amongst those who lead the Alit’aren rebels who have abandoned the Armies of the All-Father, to avoid the restrictions of Carl Wilder’s decree that outlaws male wielding. This law was made to avoid the destruction of the Alit’aren by limiting the effects of the corruption on teron. Tarz is a tall immortal with short dark hair and large dark eyes. He is senior in the ranks of male wielders and considered a dangerous adversary.  When the Sons of Odin and Daughter of Thor return to Kismeria, Tarz is the new leader of the Forsaken force of wielders, expertly trained in wielding the Dark Arts throughout the Age of Chaos, as well as the tainted and corrupted male and female halves of Angel-Magic. Forsaken use elykrario crystals to absorb much of the corruption associated with wielding Angel-Magic and the Dark Arts during that Age and become a people of wealth due to their trade of the precious crystals. Forsaken warriors are also perhaps the greatest Agnars and Brendas in the Free Lands. Most often they wear the dark garb and armour of the ghoda’sidhe, with elykrario studding their breastplates, gauntlets and shin guards or greaves.
Terael: The female half of Angel-Magic, from which Ael Tarael wield the Lord’s Power. Terael is considered the calmer of the two halves of Angel-Magic, although it can be overwhelming in its allure. Feeling terael flow through the wielder is described as immense warmth, bliss, calmness mixed with thrilling sensations although extreme cold can also be sensed at times when wielding the female half of Angel-Magic. Terael became corrupted with the vampire curse via Druantia, Hayley Martyr’s Battle Angel during the Dawn of the Age of Chaos. Through studies of this corruption, the Ael Tarael Lira Tolnock discovered the potential for wielding the Dark Arts / Jinn Arts to control the minds of demons in battle. Demon mind control and other forms of Jinn-Magic; can be attributed to studies and techniques used by male wielders, using the male half of Angel-Magic known as teron. 
Teron: The male half of Angel-Magic, from which Alit’aren wield the Lord’s Power. The feeling of teron is described as incredible heat and extreme cold flowing through the veins of the wielder. Teron is also considered the wilder and more volatile of the two halves of Angel-Magic, described as an avalanche of ice or a volcano of fire, wielders are often fighting for their lives to control their grip on Angel-Magic to avoid being cut-off from teron or causing harm to others by lashing out with Angel-Magic. Teron became tainted with Jinn-Magic of the Jinn-Lord when the three Sons of Odin arrived in Kismeria. The Sons of Odin were infected with the taint during a haunting by male and female ghosts at a place called Bright on Earth. This taint is often called the Darkness or the Sickness by immortals of Kismeria, or the Schism, referring to the effect of madness upon the minds of the three Sons of Odin, Adem Highlander being the most obviously affected of the three. This Schism began the corruption upon the minds of male wielders, resulting in the Age of Chaos lasting over a thousand years. Jinn-Magic had always existed latent within Angel-Magic of Kismeria, though the Arrival of the Sons of Odin caused the dark magic to become concentrated, separated, creating the unbalance known as the Schism of two opposing forces.
Torvellen: Tanned skinned immortals, usually with dark hair and eyes. They are strongest in Angel-Magics of Earth. They are kin to the Great Angels of Earth, Stone and Fire-Magic. Tarvel is their main city.
Vypain: Great Ape descendant: turned to demon form by the Jinn-Lord. Usually covered in a grey fur, sharp black claws and talons for feet, used to grip tree branches, these demons cast balls of red flame from tree perches, bark like dogs with cat’s yellow eyes, rams’ horns, and a maw full of fangs. They are predators and hunters of forest game, with a fondness for wild boar. The Pack Leaders of these demons are much larger males, known as morgrahs, capable of wielding fire balls that leave small craters on impact.
Wood Kin: Dremelden warriors who wield Lukrorian Bows though they have not attained the level of Agnar, so they do not attain the title of Aldebrand or Archer. They wear the torin’sidhe, camouflage clothing of greens, browns, and greys. They are exceptional hunters and trackers and are expertly skilled with the bow and arrow.


