Book Five

of the

Sons of Odin

Angel-Magic Edition

L. A. Hammer

Copyright 2020  L.A. Hammer.

Published by L.A. Hammer at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition Licence Notes

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the copyright owner.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Cover artwork, maps, and interior illustrations by Minh Nguyen – flare3103

Praise for Books One to Four of the Sons of Odin:

Book One – Kirkus

In the opening volume of a complex new fantasy series, Hammer offers readers lavish battles, dizzying amounts of gore, and a system of magical patrons called Battle Angels that fans of the Final Fantasy video games should enjoy. – Kirkus Reviews

The battles, during which the Sons of Odin—and Jean, the Daughter of Thor—summon superpowered guardians, are splatterfests (demons are blasted “into dust and smoke, torn flesh and large spurts of dark blood”). – Kirkus Reviews

A marathon of fantasy gore and slow-building characterizations in a land confronting demons. – Kirkus Reviews

Book Two - BlueInk

Hammer’s vivid visual imagery ... makes the character’s journeys exhilarating and the battle scenes intense. – BlueInk Reviews

Druantia’s Curse is entertaining and full of surprises—from wormholes to vampires—but it requires dedication to track all of the subplots. Casual readers of fantasy may be frustrated by the wealth of detail, but diehard fans will appreciate the Robert Jordan-esque layering of characters, relationships and lands that brings Kismeria to life. – BlueInk Reviews

Book Two - Kirkus

In this second installment of Hammer’s (Odin’s Awakening, 2014) epic fantasy series, the complexities of magical warfare and romantic loyalties continue. Taking center stage once again, however, are the action sequences. They’re akin to panoramic oil paintings of orgiastic chaos, as when “Hawks, Crows and Pixies broke away from the Shadow Men to punch through vampire chests in bright flares....Skulls exploded on impact, limbs falling as torn debris.” – Kirkus Reviews

The use of time-travel and other twists—like the fallout from a romantic triangle among Adem, Jean, and Princess Isabella—deftly prepares fans for a rousing sequel. – Kirkus Reviews

This immersive, colorful, and action-oriented fantasy series smoothly maintains its rapid pace. – Kirkus Reviews

Book Three - Kirkus

In his third installment of the series, Hammer continues to tap a vein of phantasmagoric mayhem that should mesmerize video gamers and fans of the Lord of the Rings alike. Nearly every page displays eye-popping battle visuals: “Lightning filled the sky, a rainbow of coloured bolts, a thousand falling every second to turn the grey haze into a bright neon flare.” – Kirkus Reviews

The underlying themes of humanity’s imperfection and the individual’s struggle toward a truer self permeate this narrative, which sets the heroes in a new direction. – Kirkus Reviews

Provides an action-packed turning point in the series and sets the stage for fresh adventures. – Kirkus Reviews

Book Four – Kirkus 

Opening this fourth installment on Earth, Hammer (Arawn’s Carnage, 2015, etc.) teases a different kind of narrative. It’s not long, however, before his love for mystical carnage reasserts itself. In the hospital, Adem encounters a shadowy figure whose voice was “devastating to behold” and “made him feel that his skin and flesh were being peeled off by the dark energies.” This novel follows a beat similar to the prior three, in which armies are assembled, personal demons lay exposed—like Adem dwelling on his affair with Isabelle—and vast battles engulf the land. Plot quirks include the Time Strider Elarja Rinhannen’s trip into the past, and the widespread use of the tainted Dark Trail magic. – Kirkus Reviews

Dedicated fans should rejoice. – Kirkus Reviews


Though this tale begins with a unique rhythm, the author’s fantasy tropes draw it back into the series’ fold. – Kirkus Reviews



Contents


BOOK FIVE

Prologue—A Dutiful Son
Chapter 1—Heroes and Children
Chapter 2—Visions in Time
Chapter 3—Father and Son
Chapter 4—Expressions of Euphoria
Chapter 5—Age of Chaos
Chapter 6—Time Puzzle
Chapter 7—Mind Shards
Chapter 8—The Asgardics
Chapter 9—Windows to the Soul
Chapter 10—A Strange Companion
Chapter 11—Winter Storm
Chapter 12—Return to Bright
Chapter 13—A Last Stand
Chapter 14—Demons of the Old Ways
Chapter 15—Legends within History
Chapter 16—Last of their Line
Chapter 17—The Deaths of Dragons
Chapter 18—Heroes of Legend
Chapter 19—Breath of Fire
Chapter 20—Odin’s Return
Chapter 21—A Sly Marten
Chapter 22—The Son of Pendral
Chapter 23—A Piece of Prophecy
Chapter 24—A Song of Paradise
Chapter 25—A Sliver of Time
Glossary





Book Five is for my dearest, Mother,
Without her, there would be no me.


Book Five
 
of the 

Sons of Odin

Dis Pater’s Rage

Angel-Magic Edition

L. A. Hammer

Copyright 2020 L.A. Hammer.

Published by L.A. Hammer at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition Licence Notes

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the copyright owner.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Cover artwork, maps, and interior illustrations by Minh Nguyen – flare3103


For my dearest, Mother,
Without her, there would be no me.


10 There shall not be among you anyone that maketh his son or his daughter to pass through the fire, or that useth divination, or an observer of times, or an enchanter, or a witch. 11 Or a charmer, or a consulter with familiar spirits, or a wizard, or a necromancer.
12 For all that do these things are an abomination unto the Lord: and because of these abominations the Lord thy God doth drive them out from before thee. 
13 Thou shalt be perfect with the Lord thy God.
Holy Bible – Deuteronomy 18:10-13 - Authorised King James Version
13 You must be blameless before the Lord your God.
Holy Bible – Deuteronomy 18:13 - New International Version


Prologue

A Dutiful Son


Pendral sat on his reading stool, looking over his studies in the ancient Lore of Kismeria. The books were not especially old, as Pendral was aware of the destruction of most Kismerian libraries early on in the Age of Chaos, a year or more before he was born. These books were amongst some of those that had been salvaged from the flames of Hex-Warlords. Studies in medicine, Healing-Magic, as well as using teron and terael as weapons.
Pendral was particularly interested in the studies of healing mental illness with herbs and potions. It was something his father, Adem Highlander, had set for him as his studies years ago during one of his visits. Pendral was only four years old at the time, but his mother Isabelle had already taught him writing words and counting numbers. With his father’s instruction, Pendral set about the task of finding a cure for the Schism of highly concentrated Jinn-Magic within teron, and the corruption of a vampire curse upon terael.
Pendral had celebrated his seventh name day only five weeks past, and although his father had not been able to make it to the feast day, he had visited Pendral in his chambers that evening, giving him a very special gift. It was the sword that Adem Highlander had wielded before Pendral was born. A blue glowing blade infused with teron and ki’mera, that once housed Battle Angels such as Arawn and Balor. There were no longer any Battle Angels using the blade as a Resting Point, but Pendral understood the importance of the gift, being handed down by his father. Pendral also knew that his mother had been looking after the weapon until Pendral was old enough to wield it.
The sword was still too long and heavy for Pendral to train with, but he used a practice blade in the palace courtyard five days a week. Sometimes his father was there to watch his practice, under the training of the finest Agnars of this Age. Most often Pendral practiced alone, though at times he was set against a number of older boys, both mortal and immortal. Pendral was already getting to a stage where he could outmatch any one of them, or even three at one time!
He was looking over notes he had made about certain herbs and their healing properties when a familiar flash of aqua brilliance filled the darkened chamber. His father stepped through the Portal-Magic with a sombre visage, though when their eyes met, Pendral felt his father’s love emanating through those cold blue eyes. Eyes that always seemed to grin whenever they were together.
‘Father, you’re back!’ Pendral exclaimed, rushing to embrace him, standing no taller than his waist. His father hugged him back and spoke gently to say, ‘I could hardly bear another moment without being by your side, dear son. Again, I am very sorry I could not celebrate your birthday properly with your mother. You know I have other important duties, and they often keep me away.’ Adem Highlander then glanced over at the writing desk to remark, ‘You are keeping to your studies I see. That is good, son. We will make a scholar of you yet. Sit, and tell me what you have learnt so far.’
So Pendral returned to his seat, and his father took a chair that he moved to be seated beside Pendral. He read his notes out loud for his father who listened intently, with a growing grin that Pendral always thought of as sneaky.
His father suffered from the corruption upon male Angel-Magic perhaps more than any other in Kismeria, but of late, during these visits, Pendral had noted a change in him. An improvement he would call it. Pendral hoped terribly that the reason for this was these visits and the time he spent with his son. Moments that Pendral cherished more than anything else in this world.
Pendral had loved his father even long before he first met him, although he had memories of his father’s face even as far back as when he was still a baby in his crib. But it was his mother’s tales of Adem Highlander’s adventures that made Pendral love and adore his father so very much. When he began to get to know his father from these short visits, he began to love him even more.
‘How is your scar, Father?’ Pendral asked, to which his father replied, ‘It still gives me pain at times, son. Mostly I am able to withstand its draining effects.’
‘Let me see what I can do,’ Pendral said, reaching towards the dark dragon tattoo across his father’s chest, revealed where the pale shirt was not completely buttoned to the neck. He wore his dark Alit’aren coat and trousers, with brown leather boots. His father’s face showed concern when Pendral began to wield a little Angel-Magic to investigate the nature of the scar further.
Suddenly, the quill in Pendral’s right hand began to burn bright crimson. The feather caught flame to morph into a small pixie of golden-orange light, not unlike a dragon in form. Pendral had suddenly also felt a great surge of another form of Magic that he did not like to use. When investigating that terrible scar, Jinn-Magic entered his veins by some immense force of instinct.
The two of them watched the small dragon rise into the air, floating around the chamber, high up into the vaulted ceilings. It suddenly began to grow very quickly, until its form nearly covered the entire tops of the chamber. Huge golden wings spread wide as the dragon opened its jaws as if about to set the room aflame!
His father raised his right hand, with index finger extended. A brilliant blue strand of light shot forth from his fingertip. A miniature wielding similar to a true Spear of Odin. As the beam made contact with the dragon, both the beam of light and the glowing Spirit Warden flared, shimmered, and then vanished in a cloud of glowing dust.
‘You must be more careful, my son,’ Highlander said with a cautious glare, seeming more nervous than upset with Pendral.
‘I’m sorry, Father! It just seems to happen every time I try to find out how that scar works. I feel terrible for you. I just wish you would tell me the tale of how you got it.’
‘That is a tale for another day,’ Adem said carefully, buttoning the shirt and then dark coat up to the high collar. Decorated with the sigil of the Wolf, Lion and Dragon, the three Rohjors of the Sons of Odin. 
There was a knock at the door. His mother entered to look upon his father with delighted exasperation. She rushed across the floor to wrap her arms around his seated form. His father’s eyes taking on that smile that said he was helpless to resist, but that he also did not want to be anywhere else but here and now.
‘My beloved darling,’ his mother exclaimed, ‘it has been so long! I have missed you with all my heart. Wishing for the day of your return!’ Then she stood back, crossing her arms under her breasts, wearing a pink silk gown with red roses sewn upon the arms and hem as she said with some scorn, ‘And here I find you, visiting our dear beloved son and you do not spare a moment to visit me in my chambers!’ Pendral began to blush, knowing the sort of visit his mother wished for. Pendral also knew that his father avoided such visitations despite his evident passion for the woman. Pendral assumed it had to do with his father’s relationship with the Daughter of Thor, who was said to be a great rival of his mother’s in their battle to win the heart of Adem Highlander.
‘I cannot always take the time to inform you that I am in town,’ Adem said with extra care, perhaps sensing the danger of upsetting Isabelle further. ‘You know how important it is for me to spend time with Pendral.’ He spoke those words with such emphasis that Pendral began to wonder at their hidden meaning. His father spoke again to say to Isabelle, ‘I have also made it clear that I am unable to share such moments with you, my love. As much as I would wish it.’
His mother began to sniff as Pendral watched water welling in her eyes. Those dark orbs shining even brighter before she clutched Adem by the shoulders, leaning in to kiss his father passionately on the lips, before she moved back. Slapped his face hard! Turning on her heel to glide across the floor and out the door. This was not an unfamiliar scene for Pendral to witness between his parents. It was in fact quite common place.
But for Pendral, these exchanges made the Ruhalden Palace feel more like home to him, because they were all together again. They were a whole family. He looked at his father earnestly as he said, ‘I understand, Father. Do not worry over Mother’s moods. I will cheer her up as best I can. After you leave again.’ Those last words brought a stab of pain to Pendral’s chest. His father’s absence was always a sore point for him.
‘I will return again as soon as I am able, my son.’ Adem said, rubbing Pendral’s hair to ruff it into a fluff. Then Pendral watched with great regret, as his father stood and created another Portal-Spell—those sad blue eyes smiling at Pendral as he gazed back at him for one last time—then stepped through to vanish into thin air. As he always did. 
Why can he not stay for just a little longer?

*** 
Adem stepped out of the Portal-Magic to arrive at the meeting place assigned for Elarja. The Time Strider always waited in a new location while Adem visited his son in various stages of his youth. Elarja using the now semi-operable Time Stones to return Adem to the true present each time the visit was ended, where they assessed the benefits or damage of such visits.
They met in a small cellar stocked with barrels of wine and ale. Under an old inn on the borders of Torvis, the Torvellen populated region of the Free Lands. Adem noted the concern on Elarja’s face when he returned to the cellar, those emerald eyes glowed with a cautious glare. Adem did his best to display a mind of clarity, as he continued to resist the impure concentrations within teron, as well as the mind-altering effects of the Jinn Arts that Adem was still at times forced to wield.
‘How was he?’ Elarja asked.
‘My son is well,’ Adem replied in a soft tone. ‘At least ... he is now. I do not know what changes it will have when we return to the present. There was little time to teach him all of the things I consider important for his upbringing. Morality. Compassion. He yearns for the guidance of his father, but my visits are always far too short.’
‘Let’s return,’ Elarja said, as he created a Time Sphere with the glowing Stones held in his fists. A warp of space and time bulged around them in glowing colours as that now too familiar sound filled the air: a tearing of the fabric of reality.
When the sphere contracted again to dissipate, Adem found himself in a meeting hall, at Orodhel. They often switched locations for their return. Jean, Carl, Wil, and Hayley using Portal-Magic to leap across the Free Lands to meet them at each location. The four of them were already in the chamber when Adem and Elarja arrived. Seated around a small, polished oak table with a dark stain. Carved with each sigil of the Four Rohjors. A Fox, Wolf, Lion and Dragon on each side.
The room was lit with lanterns hanging from the walls. Glowing dull amber with the light of the morning sun pouring through windows higher up. It was mostly formed of marble. Columns of blue-veined white with green and golden checked tiles speckled with black, the walls a brilliant obsidian that seemed to hum with the ancient power of its creation. Orodhel was even older than the now burned and ruined city of Nordhel. Built during the Age of Heroes; the craftsmen were guided by Alit’aren and Ael Tarael, communicating with the Angels of Earth and Stone to weld the elements into almost indestructible formation.
‘How did it go?’ Jean asked with a cross expression.
‘It went well, I think,’ Adem replied solemnly. ‘How much has changed?’
‘Nothing has changed!’ Jean snapped in retort. ‘Valmeron is still in ruin. As is Nordhel. A multitude of lives remain lost through the history of Pendral’s wrath. I swear to you Adem; that child is dangerous. You risk much by getting involved with him. More to the point, you cannot change him. The madness will get to him eventually, no matter how much you try to reach him.’
‘He is beginning to love me, Jean,’ Adem said in earnest. ‘There must be a chance we can alter his overall state of mind. If he can regain the love of his father. I want him to experience a somewhat proper childhood, with his family.’
‘I am your wife, Adem. Janeanne is your legitimate daughter. We are your family. Isabelle, Pendral and Rayne are all your mistakes. The mess you have created. I know you love them all, but Isabelle is a nuisance, Rayne is cursed and perhaps more likely to destroy the world than his completely insane father! Pendral will only learn advantage from these meetings, as he advances over the past thousand years. Madness will corrupt that love he feels for you. He will use it against you.’
‘I have to try, Jean. I believe I can bring about some good within my son. Some lasting speck of morality and honour. But also, his love for his family, to maybe turn him back to the All-Father.’
‘I have done quite a large amount of research into Pendral’s past,’ Carl said. Interrupting them both to possibly ease the situation. ‘It seems there was always a brooding darkness about him. Legends say it relates back to Isabelle’s capture by the Hex-Warlords, the last time we fought the Jinn-Lord and sealed him in Kerak’Otozi. It seems there was corruption upon his spirit even before he was born. A result of that time spent at the peak and within the heart of the mountain. I believe this is the dark magic that restricts our capacity to change the past. Ultimately, no matter what you try to teach him, or how much love you provide, the Shadow will take hold of him eventually. 
‘It is engrained within his soul.’
‘Still,’ Adem replied, ‘I have to try.’
Janeanne then entered the chamber with Terese and Arig in tow. Adem’s daughter looked resplendent in a gown of shimmering blue, sewn with white pearls in the shape of foxes along the sleeves and breasts. Jean and Terese wearing similar outfits of coats, trousers, and matching boots. Jean’s red, Terese’s dark green. Carl and Wil wore their usual Alit’aren black. Hayley wore an emerald green gown of silk that reminded Adem of the woman’s Battle Angel, Druantia. 
Wil and Hayley were still a great threat to Pendral’s life, and so far, Adem had not risked taking either of those two with him to the past to visit Pendral as a boy. He knew they would do their best to murder him. In the hope of bringing their daughter back to life in the altered timelines.
Adem had promised he would do the same if the chance arose, but from the first time he looked at Pendral as a baby in his crib—those dangerous dark eyes glowing with warmth and a latent corruption—Adem knew he could never murder his own child. So, he would be forced to break an oath to his Brother, Wil. He knew it would eventually cause a great rift between them. Hayley also would not forget his promise, but what choice did he have? 
I have to save my son!
When Terese was caught up with the details of the last encounter, she sniffed with disapproval before saying, ‘Madmen! The line of Dragon-Sword will bring this world to ruin soon enough!’
‘Have faith, Terese,’ Arig Flame-Bow replied in a soft gravelly tone. Dressed in a crimson silk robe with silver falcons etched in gold lining the neck, waist, and sleeves. His enchanted bow gleaming above his shoulder in his jewelled leather case. He looked every bit the Hero of Will. His mask was removed, to reveal tan skin and a dark moustache. Large dark eyes and hooked beak of a nose regarding his Spirit Sister with compassion. Those eyes were also that of a hardened veteran. The spark of corruption beginning to glow there also.
Eventually they would all turn mad. Terese was right about that much. Their only hope was to discover a way to heal the corruption upon teron and terael. If not, it was only a matter of time before the Jinn-Lord had his victory.
It was for this very reason that Adem had set his young son Pendral to the task of discovering a cure for the taint and the curse. Adem believed Pendral was their best hope of finding such a remedy. He had the spark of genius in him, obviously obtained from his mother’s side, and his immortal bloodline. Adem could admit that much. Adem had been a fine student as a child also, but already he noticed abilities of the mind in the young Pendral to far exceed any trait Adem could have possibly passed on genetically. His son’s skill with language and numbers were astounding even at a very young age. He had the potential to be one of the greatest scholars to ever live in this world. This made the knowledge of his fated path so much more devastating to consider. At least from the perspective of his father.
When Adem began to discuss this need for a cure with his companions, Arig spoke again to suggest, ‘What if we rescued Evolo Marzosiel from the ancient past? We could at least to try to learn his secret recipe for that miracle cure he had discovered.’
‘That was a very dangerous time for us all,’ Terese interjected. Hawklike dark eyes sparkling like rare gems as her gaze flickered about the room from one face to another, regarding each that she spoke to with the scorn of a mother who would take no nonsense from foolish children. ‘The idea has merit, but we know of Calliach’s incessant hunting of any lives we rescue from their fated demise. We would also only have that small window of opportunity from the time the cure was discovered, to whatever moment Evolo was murdered. I fear it would be far too great a risk to any of us that still live.’
Arig gave a soft sigh of submission to such advice, that was basically taken as a command. Between those two former ghosts, Terese always had the upper hand. A matter of Arig’s great respect for the woman.
With Elarja it was something different, however. Adem had noticed it the last time he was here. Over a thousand years ago. The more he saw the two of them in the same room; Adem became more and more certain that Elarja had a serious crush on Terese! The very notion was nothing other than beguiling for Adem to consider. Terese had never seemed interested in any man. At least, she had never had the time to notice any, other than for their potential to protect the life of the Daughter of Thor. Adem wondered if the woman noticed the way Elarja looked at her. The way the son of the First Nordic King’s breath caught in his throat each time he seemed ready to address her. At times he said nothing at all! Just stared like a lost lamb. Eyes that obviously saw more in Terese than Adem had ever noticed, other than her blatant immortal beauty.
The woman was hard as stone, with a heart to match! Though Adem considered that perhaps it was a matter of respect for Elarja also. He had a deep admiration for the woman that went beyond his spoken words. It was expressed in every fibre of his being towards her, no matter how much he attempted to conceal such feelings.
Bringing his thoughts back to the present, Adem suggested, ‘Let’s get something to eat. We can discuss things further over lunch, then it will be time to act on pressing matters that affect us in the present. The Jinn-Lord is moving his forces westwards. The Forsaken scouts report vast hordes moving from as far as Kerak’Otozi to the Borderlands. Tarz suspects they intend to attack the High Wall any day now.’
‘That is something that has changed then,’ Elarja said with caution. ‘At least since the Great Angels were returned from the ancient past. Upon visiting a future of ill fate before that adventure, I learnt of an attack upon the Forsaken armies on a vast scale, but that was dated more than two years from now. I dread to wonder what this could mean.’
Adem felt a wave of trepidation as he asked, ‘You think my visits to Pendral have brought the war to us earlier than expected?’
‘It seems the most likely answer to this riddle,’ Elarja replied. ‘I would like to investigate the potential futures a little more to get an idea of what we are facing. Our other option is to continue to visit your son as a young man. Try to alter these events from occurring so suddenly.’
‘There is an alternative to you visiting these futures of ill fate,’ Adem suggested, suddenly realising he had a very clever idea!
‘What are you thinking, husband?’ Jean asked. Large blue eyes burning with curiosity over the sneaky grin he knew he must be wearing.
‘The Chameleon Arches,’ Adem replied. ‘They will show us what we need to know. Past, present and hopefully future.’

Chapter 1

Heroes and Children

Rayne Dragon-Sword rode his dark altherin stallion. His fellow Children of Odin gathered about him in the Royal Stables of Orodhel. The horse was a gift from the gods you might say: for it was the horse he rode when he emerged from the Harp of Odin as a Hero of Will. The reportedly short time between his second death and the moment he became a Ghost Hero were without a single scrap of memory or vision for him however, as there was no sight beyond the grave. Not even for half-bloods.
Many of those Heroes that had now become solid flesh and bone were amongst his company of riders also. They prepared to form a Portal-Spell to carry them directly to Kerak’Otozi. Rayne wanted to do a little research on the current status of the Jinn-Lord and his prison. 
Rievenna rode a pale mare by his side, her eyes shining with caution as a number of Heroes and Children of Odin formed Portal-Magic large enough for the company of forty riders to pass through. Scorching heat of the East Lands washed over his face as soon as the shining wall revealed the dark magma pooled soils. Billowing black clouds lined in crimson and silver.
Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan were also part of the group. Rayne knew he would find it difficult to become separated from those three ever again. They had already lost him twice, after all. Shaye and Ellagon were dressed similarly to Rayne, all in their Alit’aren coats and trousers, brown or black leather boots. Rohjor pins attached to their high collars.
They all wore their Aldebrand cloaks. Every member of the team. Except Ragan, who always wore a dashing crimson woollen cloak. The signature style had become somewhat of a legend attributed to his name. Revered by many of the great captains and generals for his battle wits and expert strategies. 
The reason for the cloaks was that nights in the East Lands were often colder than any other part of the Free Lands. Except the snow-capped mountain peaks, although the East Land soil would often become layered with a crust of frost before the morning heat returned. There were even times when heavy snow would fall during the winter months. These conditions were such that only the Forsaken had ever learnt to adapt, over the last millennia of their aims to conquer these cursed lands.
The Portal-Spell took them close to Kerak’Otozi, within sight of the massive dark peak that fumed with smoke. Ash and magma bubbling and pouring from the tip. It was not wise to arrive too close to the mountain. Eruptions of lava flow were unpredictable. It was possible to find yourself swimming in it; if you did not take caution with where you landed.
The fumes in the air were foul from the first breath. The warriors in his team immediately formed bubbles around their skulls with clean Air flowing through it, for more comfortable and safer breathing. Such Angel-Magic could be maintained for up to a week—even while sleeping—for the calibre of wielders he had brought with him. Without draining much of their potential to do some serious damage against the demons of this region.
One thing that seemed to have changed since Elarja’s recent trips through time, were reports Rayne had received that the scale of the demon hordes had increased dramatically. More than in any futures of ill fate that the Time Strider had previously visited of this timeline, known now as the true present. Rayne did not know what to make of that, but Elarja’s theories included the possibility that bringing the ancient might of the Great Angels so far into the future, had greatly limited their Power during the entire history of Kismeria from that time up until now. This theory was concerning for everyone that had heard it, for it suggested the possibility of a total reforming of the world’s histories. Lives lost. Cities destroyed. Battles ending in total annihilation rather than victory.
There were glimpses of this shift in the timelines for any who had ever heard the tales of what had been. Combined with the schism of memories played over that first memory that were in complete conflict with the original report. The result was mind boggling, and often caused many headaches. But there was still some stability to the world. Not everything had been altered. Some things seemed to be always set in stone.
One change that suited Rayne better than most, was the presence of a greater host of Heroes of Will before the Ghost Wardens were made into flesh. Whether by some vast alteration of the histories or just some miraculous Magic of Odin, the number of Heroes had grown from a few hundred to close to five hundred. Men and women added to the Hero Chain and bound to the Great Cycle. Then, almost immediately after, they were all set free of those Chains. They had one final chance to live again, and perhaps serve the Sons and Daughter at the Ragnarök Battle.
This change of chance suited Rayne because it gave him greater leverage. His forces were in that way stronger. More reliable. It gave him hope.
‘The Jinn-Lord will send someone,’ Shaye told Rayne, sitting his grey colt beside Rievenna, ‘or something, to stop us reaching our goals as soon as He is able. We must make haste, Brother.’
‘Take a scouting party ahead to survey for any demon sign,’ Rayne commanded. Soon Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan were riding through another smaller Portal-Spell with a host of Children and Heroes close behind. 
Rayne waited anxiously for their return, but as time drifted by, he knew something was wrong. Tohka Reiden could not communicate with Shaye or Ellagon’s Battle Angels either, which confirmed Rayne’s fears even more so. Even the strength and spirit of Odin that resided in the Sword of Valour was no help in figuring out what had become of his friends. Eventually Rayne was forced to go out and search for them.
They used another Portal-Spell to move closer to the foot of Kerak’Otozi. They then rode with haste the remainder of the way, leaving their horses with a host of warriors while a chosen party began to ascend the craggy dark mountainside. It was not possible to form Portal-Magic on the slopes of the mountain. Some part of the Jinn-Lord’s Magic locked their ability out, but they could still wield to protect themselves.
Rayne and Rievenna ran swiftly to ascend, their half-blood and pure Aelfin feet carrying them with such speed and agility it would blur to the eyes of a mortal. Others that followed included veteran Children: Brealda and Hamuko. Shollian of Odin’s Return; along with the Heroes Elizel, Rocard and Breeanna. 
Each of them moved with similar speed, though for Hamuko, it was a gift to his mortal blood by birthright as an Odin Child. The thick muscled figure even taking great leaps to higher stones that were far beyond the capacity of common mortal flesh. 
Other scouts were searching the area surrounding the base of Kerak’Otozi, in hope of finding some sign of what became of their companions. Soon Rayne had climbed so high the ground below was covered by layers of floating ash, cloud, and smoke. He could see no sign of his friends. His Battle Angels still insisting they did not know what had gone wrong.
At the same time during their ascent, Rayne and his companions were using other forms of latent magic. To sense within the heart of the mountain. Trying to learn of the status of the seal on the Jinn-Lord’s prison. From what Rayne could detect, the seals were close to fracturing. The presence of the Jinn-Lord within that space was an ominous force that brought anxious loathing. Corruption of his grandfather’s curse throbbing in tune with the heartbeat of Jinn-Fendinn.
In that regard his mission was already a success. He had achieved what he came for, yet his concern for his closest companions and other allies was swelling to nervous terror. He felt Rievenna’s caution and agitation via the kigare. He knew he should flee and seek reinforcements to continue the search, when suddenly— 
A flare of crimson appeared in the sky, over ten feet above his head. Instinctively Rayne changed the direction of his leap. A red arc lanced upon the mountainside where he had been standing. Flames erupting off the side of the mountain as he fled, leaping into the sky with Odin Wings flaring from his shoulders.
He spun mid-air to glimpse a dark cloaked Hex-Warlord hovering in the sky. Rayne’s blade was unsheathed as he aimed the tip of the steel to unleash a Spear of Odin. The Hex-Warlord vanished before it struck. Glimmering blue fire streaking off into the distant horizon. Crimson flares suddenly appeared on every angle!
His companions were already on the alert. They fought back immediately, while sprinting and leaping to avoid being struck by Hellfire blasts unleashed from Shadow fists. All twelve of the Hex-Warlords were now present. Hovering in the dark clouded air surrounding Kerak’Otozi. Including the newest—but also oldest recruit due to the altered timelines—Lenk the Betrayer. Elarja’s blood brother.
Rayne fought back. Sending forth dozens of blinding beams of energy. Blue fire lancing from the tip of his blade. The first struck the shield of Torkhan. Golden goat faced mask flaring as the bolt impacted, sending the Hex-Warlord flying into the distance. It was merely from the force of which Rayne’s attack hit his shield. Still, Rayne hoped it at least hurt just a little.
His next attacks were less successful. Hex-Warlords reinforcing their Shield-Spheres to the extent that those targets he did hit were only temporarily doused in electric shocks. Angel-Magic coursing in blue bolts around a field of crimson. The hovering stance of each High-Servant barely shifted.
Rayne had faced Hex-Warlords in swordfights too many times to count, but the situation was not that desperate yet. He feared the taint of their blades as sure as death itself. There was no cure from the corruption of those blades. They brought a swift death even from the slightest cut.
But something else was happening that he could not properly describe. His mind was being blocked somehow. He knew if he could remember what it was blocked from, they might have a chance of getting out of here alive. Their only choice for now was to attempt to fight their way back to the ground level. They would not be able to open Portal-Spells until they were some distance from the mountain.
‘Defend and retreat!’ Rayne shouted to his companions, using Angel-Magic to amplify his voice. The need to alert them of a battle plan left him no other choice but this. It reminded him of what he had forgotten, something that was missing. What is it?
His companions began to fight back with renewed fury, striking at the Shield-Spells of the Hex-Warlords with all manner of Elemental Magic. Fire Pythons launched from the clouds to chomp down on glowing crimson spheres, but to no avail. Pixie Wardens blasted against the unbreakable force presented by the Hex-Warlords in showers of glimmering sparks. Winged Lions launched upon the hovering Hex-Warlords to bite and claw without result, but the Hex-Warlords were also retreating, slowly. Moving further outwards through the air and away from the mountainside. Giving Rayne and his companions at least a better chance of dodging their deadly attacks.
Some Hex-Warlord attacks had already met their mark. Rayne and his companions were also wielding Shield-Spells to the best of their ability, and although the strikes that found a target did not cause physical harm so far, Rayne knew such attacks would greatly drain his warriors of vital strength. Lowering their hopes of an escape!
Rayne still hovered beside the mountain on wings of aqua fire. Unleashing bars of blue flame at his enemies to distract them from their other targets. Even though he could have easily made his escape, he would never leave Rievenna. He also cared enough for these other brave warriors to face death a third time if necessary.
Rayne landed on the mountainside to draw enemy fire when aqua Portal-Spells opened up all around him! He glanced left and right to see Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan. Rayne was filled with overwhelming horror the moment he saw their faces! He leapt again into the sky as his closest lifelong friends raised fists to unleash Angel-Magic. Three beams of light crossing one another in red, golden, and aqua flame. Rayne spun in the air to catch a glimpse of their attempt to murder him!
He had known the moment he saw their faces. Twisted with venomous hatred. Their true spirit trapped within; grappling in a mad struggle against the new master that controlled their every move ... His friends were possessed!
The Jinn-Lord’s Magic must be extreme this close to His prison because Shaye and Ellagon were not even corrupted by the taint on teron. Their birthright provided a pure form of Angel-Magic, which meant Rayne was perhaps in even greater danger of becoming possessed. The theory was that these possession demons were more able to take control of men already half mad from the taint!
He dived and looped through the sky as his three friends hurled more blasts of teron. Ragan hurling Hellfire! He moved desperately to escape their attacks, but he would not fight back. He could not harm his friends when there was any hope of saving them from this terrible plight.
Rievenna and the other Children and Heroes were not of the same mindset. They immediately lashed out against the three possessed souls with lightning and fire. Pure incandescent bolts striking Shield-Spheres surrounding the three. Each vanished through another Portal-Spell, appearing higher up the slopes to strike back with blasts of magic that battered against the Shield-Spheres of his protectors.
Breeanna unleashed Lightning-Arrows from her Lukrorian Bow that shone like glass—garbed in a blue coat, white trousers and dark shining breastplate with the sigil of the White Tiger—striking at the Shield-Spells of the Hex-Warlords that still hovered further out in the distance. Elizel holding her crimson-and-gold metallic shield on her left forearm—gleaming breastplate marked by the Red Falcon. Dark coat and boots with grey trousers—unleashing waves of magic in the shape and colours of the shield, launching out and growing in size to smash against the Shield-Spheres of the Hex-Warlords.
Rocard leapt like a fleeting shadow. Garbed in Alit’aren black with a shining silver breastplate marked with the Blue Dragon sigil. His swords were sheathed as he unleashed blue lightning bolts from each fist. Attacking the Hex-Warlords one moment, then alternating to batter the Shield-Spells of the possessed men.
Rievenna, Brealda and Hamuko fought in similar style. The three Children continuing to summon Spirit Wardens from the earth and sky. Fire Pythons chomping down on Hex-Warlord Shield-Spells to distract their focus. Fire Lions and Pixie Wardens moved around the mountain slopes. Blasting at the Shield-Spheres of the three possessed men, as well as their other companions that were appearing in warps of Fire-and-Air-Magic. Both Children and Heroes caught by the dominating will of possession demons, entering their flesh and bones.
Rievenna unleashed golden sheet lightning and emerald Lightning-Arrows from her Lukrorian Bow. Brealda summoned Stone Javelins from above to shatter against enemy Shield-Spheres, perhaps weakening their defences. Hamuko’s Shadow Hounds charged alongside the Lions to drive the attackers into retreat.
The result was all out chaos unfolding before Rayne’s eyes. His fear for Rievenna’s safety was becoming overwhelming. He considered scooping her up and carrying her off and away from the battle. His other option was a plan that would perhaps push them to their limits.
Still there was that terrible mind block. Stopping him from comprehending perhaps the full meaning of words that had nearly entered his mind, half a dozen times or more in a matter of seconds. He grappled against the mind block feebly, sending out more blasts of blue Angel-Magic to strike against the Hex-Warlords in the sky. They seemed to be moving closer again. Their confidence was building, but Pendral was not amongst them yet. He would be the one orchestrating this ambush.
Suddenly Rayne felt something via the kigare. It was Shaye. He was fighting against his possession demon. Their linked emotions told this fact, but something more. It was almost as if words were close to being transferred to Rayne’s mind by his possessed friend. He watched Shaye halt his attacks. His face and form showed the struggle within the man’s soul. The strength of the possession demon fighting back to overpower Shaye was evident to Rayne even from his distant vantage point.
Then the words broke through, though they were not actually Shaye’s own words. At that moment, the mind block vanished. At the same time that the message was received. 
Summon your Battle Angels! 
Rayne shouted the names, ‘Tohka Reiden! Odin!’
The skies above became Elemental Magic. Bolts of incandescence struck the mountainside, and further out, all around. Might of his Battle Angels Awoken! Flame Dragons burning white coiled around the bolts. Many striking the Hex-Warlords in the sky to chomp down on Shield-Spheres with massive burning jaws. At this moment he believed they had a chance at victory. Hex-Warlords began to vanish through crimson Portal-Spells, but suddenly Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan began to dominate with renewed stamina. Hurling blasts of Hellfire and Angel-Magic at those that still fought for Rayne, and the other possessed Heroes and Children also attacked with greater speed and ferocity!
Then Rayne began to notice glowing figures appearing all around the mountainside. Fear took hold again. He realised these were many more possession spirits. This was not just an ambush. It was a trap!
The Hex-Warlords appeared again. Hovering in the sky as each reached out to try to throw a Shield-Trap over Rayne! He had been their target all along. The rest were just casualties. Pendral appeared close by Rayne. The strength of Rayne’s Battle Angels provided the only means to resist such a huge link of Jinn-Magic. Combined energies entwining Rayne in a sphere of crimson webbing that pulsed and flared like a beating heart.
Pendral’s face was unmasked. His contorted features seemed to appeal to Rayne as he shouted over the thunder. ‘Give in, Rayne Dragon-Sword! Surrender to the will of the Jinn-Lord! I promised you, the High-Jinn would spare your life, if you do this. Serve Him! Assist me to destroy this world! Perhaps even your darling Rievenna may also be spared, but no more than this. Kismeria is doomed to die, my son! You must face it!’
There was something different about Rayne’s father this time. Despite his mad expressions, he appeared earnest in his appeal. There were emotions running through his eyes that spoke of a serious change in the man. He looked like a man desperate to be loved. A man who wished for nothing more than to be joined with family. Perhaps Adem Highlander’s journeys to visit Pendral during his childhood had finally had some impact.
Bolts of Odin-Lightning struck against Pendral’s own Shield-Sphere multiple times. His father raved without a sign of even noticing the attacks. Here it seemed Pendral was too strong for words to even describe. Something had changed in the timelines. The Jinn-Lord had suddenly become far too powerful, and so too his Servants of the Shadow.
Yet whatever mad form of reasoning was behind his father’s total lack of hope and will to resist the corruption of the Shadow, his willingness to serve the Jinn-Lord was repugnant! Despicable!
Rayne felt rage swell in his soul—remembering all the unspeakable crimes his father had committed in service to the Shadow—as he launched a blazing Spear of Odin at his father’s heart. Joined with his Battle Angels to create a force that even his father could not withstand. The beam of energy struck the crimson sphere in a blast of white-hot sparks. Pendral was sent flying into the distance with a hollow wail!
At that moment, the Shield-Web surrounding Rayne also vanished. Rayne understood that Pendral had held the link of his Shadow Brothers. This moment seemed to be Rayne’s only chance of escaping this fight. He swooped upon the mountainside to land behind Rievenna. In a fighting stance: she unleashed arrows against Shaye and Ellagon. Rayne scooped her up under her armpit, lifting her legs to carry her over the threshold. Wings of Odin carried them both into the air. He flew like a bolt of lightning. Escaping the battle and the power of this cursed mountain.
In those moments that he moved from sky, to Rievenna, and then to sky again, he had caught glimpses of the remaining Heroes and Children that fought on his side. He saw clearly in those moments that possession demons had entered their flesh also. He saw them rage in a tortured battle to resist the spirit that would soon overpower them.
When he reached the foot of the mountain, he flew over the heads of those that were watching the horses. Shouting commands that they flee this place and return to Orodhel by Portal-Magic immediately. They did not throw fire at him in the sky, so he hoped they were yet untouched by possession. He would not risk landing to find himself a victim of their plight.
He flew like an arrow through the sky until he sensed his capacity for Portal-Spells reawaken. Forming one large enough for him and Rievenna. Odin and Reiden returned to his Resting Point blade. They vanished from this land in a flicker of light.

Chapter 2


Visions in Time


Adem stood gazing at the glowing carvings within the dark wet stone of the male Arch. The two Chameleon Arches appeared almost identical here to the ones they had entered at Nordhel, over a thousand years before. Even the chamber where they were kept looked very much the same, though the marble floor here was red-and-green tiles, each three-foot-wide with white or black veins. The walls were the same dark obsidian as the rest of the palace, and the domed ceiling was stained glass worked in images of ancient heroes and legends. The glass was said to be enchanted. It was also said that nothing would break it. Not even the might of Odin.
The glass was also multi-layered, allowing light to pour through from above. It was only the lowest layer that was decorated so extravagantly. The remaining three above were simply coloured glass, although each layer was said to be just as unbreakable. When the Chameleon Arches were created, the ancient Alit’aren and Ael Tarael did their best to keep them out of reach from their enemies.
The doors that sealed the Arches within the chamber were the same enchanted wood. Ancient crafting that was also said to be almost impossible to destroy. Even more so than the metal alloys of the Age of Chaos, which Adem understood were similar to the work of modern engineers on Earth, in terms of indestructible strength. Adem had watched the Ael Tarael and Alit’aren work together to open the massive door, where he and his wife and friends entered. It was planned beforehand that only the Sons and Daughter would enter the Arches, yet when Elarja also entered the chamber, he voiced his wishes to also be a part of this adventure.
‘What are the dangers of taking the Time Stones within the Arch?’ Terese asked with obvious concern.
‘I think the risks could be extreme,’ Elarja admitted. ‘But I would not place others in greater danger by leaving the Stones in their care while I take this test. The first time I entered an Arch to become full Alit’aren, the Time Stones were not yet created. Even if they had been, my father would not have allowed me to take them with me.’
‘Perhaps I should summon your Father, immediately!’ Terese said with a raised brow. ‘He can tell you himself that this idea is dangerous if not bordering on completely insane! You could fracture the very fabric of space and time!’
‘I see the wisdom of your words, Terese Marheildon,’ Elarja replied, ‘but this option is perhaps also safer than travelling the timelines to investigate past and future. It may be the only way I can find the answers we need to win this war.’
Adem noted the pause as Terese appeared to be swallowing a lump in her throat. She replied with bulging dark eyes, ‘I see the wisdom of your own words, Elarja RinHannen. If you must do this thing, at least allow me to join you.’
Adem began to wonder at the connection between those two with a sudden burst of intrigue. Did Terese have a thing for Elarja too?
‘It is decided then,’ Adem said to speed things up. ‘The six of us will go through, no more than this.’ Tobin, Lydia, Orion, and Elmira were also present. Along with Janeanne, Isabelle and a host of Heroes and Children. As well as Tarz and a few of his Forsaken, all of them Alit’aren and Ael Tarael. Adem believed he could see, if not also sense a yearning within the former Nordic and Torvellen rulers to also be a part of this mission. Adem and Jean would’ve immediately pointed out that then there would be no one suitable to protect their daughter.
There were no long speeches or words of formality this time. The six who would go forth began to unbuckle their swords and remove bows from their shoulder cases to spread them across the marble floor. Carl and Wil placing their obsidian spear and axe upon the tiles also. 
Adem stared at the male Arch as it began to make that familiar humming sound. Resonance of Angel-Magic filled the chamber to make the skin prickle. Once again Jean made the first step towards the female Arch, with Terese in tow. Adem took three long steps to leap into the wall of shimmering brilliance. His feet searching for a ground to land upon that no longer existed... Adem was falling. Tumbling through eternal darkness into a surging pit of molten flames that glowed like the Jinn-Lord’s soul ... Pain filled his mind. Heat seared his flesh and burnt his bones to dust ... He fell for hours ... Days ... He fell for eternity as a scorching flame melted his every fibre into a molasses of smouldering goo. He screamed for mercy. The Jinn-Lord’s laughter echoed through the air in this realm of cursed souls ... The Underworld ... He was returning to Hell!
Flash!
Adem woke to find Isabelle by his side. She was caressing his sweaty brow as if checking his temperature.
‘You are not well, my lord. You work with Angel-Magic too hard. Day and night. You must get more rest, and Healing-Magic. You need it every day!’
‘Isabelle?’ Adem asked in disbelief, looking around to see a well-furnished chamber with a roaring fire. A chill in the air assuring him it was mid-winter. ‘Where am I?’
‘You are home, darling one. With your wife and son. Pendral loves his Father so adoringly. You are the Light of his World.’
‘My son, Pendral, he is here too?’ Adem spoke the name as if it were a hidden mystery he could not unravel.
‘Yes, of course; my beloved. You have raised your son as a true father should. Teaching him love and kindness, but also honour and duty. Courage and dignity. Though your son is wicked with pride, that has always been his way, but you always do your best to teach him humility. Faith.’
It was then that Adem noticed the swelling of Isabelle’s belly, as he asked in shock, ‘Are you with child again, Isabelle?’
Isabelle laughed softly, stroking his brow once more as she replied, ‘You must be mad with fever, my love. This will be your fourth child. If it is a boy, we are to name him John. Your second and third born are also boys, Matthew, and Mark. Have you lost your memory while you dreamt?’
Adem was sickened at the thought of having betrayed his marriage to Jean so many times. A lingering part of his consciousness remembering his life with his wife and his devotion and pledges to honour and obey.
‘But I am dreaming now, aren’t I?’ Adem asked in bewilderment. Oh, God, Jean, how could you ever forgive me for this?

***
Flash! 
Elarja stood in the shadows, watching a scene that filled him with wonder and dread. Before him sat an aged Adem Highlander. Still preserved by Angel-Magic to the extent that he did not look older than his mid-forties, with grey tinged hair and eyebrows, though his frame appeared weakened with time. His posture crooked. Elarja knew that something had gone very, very wrong.
Highlander sat in a chamber with dark obsidian floors. A black marble fireplace crackled and fumed with rising smoke. The scene was pleasant, but still wrong. His son Pendral was also present, standing by the flames of the fireplace in a green velvet robe that was predictably dark. Highlander was in Alit’aren black, though the Alit’aren in him was nearly burnt out from centuries spent idle in his chair. Elarja knew this on sight. It filled him with terror to witness it.
Isabelle entered the chamber, also looking older even for a pure blood immortal, half Ruhalden, half Nordic. There was grey at her temples also, and slight crinkles around her large dark eyes that suggested she had lived close to a thousand years without her fated death, or her rescue from that fate. Elarja saw a family here. One that was evidently content to sit by as the world crumbled around them. They would do nothing but love one another, content simply to have one another.
Elarja knew that would not be entirely true of Adem Highlander and Pendral Dragon-Sword. He knew they would’ve fought countless battles in this altered timeline, opposing the Jinn-Lord and his demon forces, yet something had changed all of that. Old age and a change of heart perhaps? That much was at least evident in Highlander. Elarja’s heart was beating rapidly in his chest as a constricting pain seemed to be crushing his lungs. Deep fear was taking hold. He began to understand that this was a possible past. Or future past, if Elarja ever had difficulties returning to collect Highlander from one of his visits to Pendral during his childhood. 
What he saw was the result of Highlander spending the next thousand years of the Age of Chaos, living as a father to Pendral, and apparently also as husband or lover to Isabelle. The woman glided towards Adem to sit upon his lap and stroke his hair as she placed adoring kisses upon his cheeks and then lips! Apparently, Highlander’s resistance of the woman had not withstood the test of time.
But it was Pendral that intrigued Elarja the most, as he stood watching these three from shadows that seemed to be separate from the room itself. Two dimensions spliced together where Elarja could view the scene without being noticed by those he watched, and in Pendral Dragon-Sword’s face he saw not only the brooding Sickness of the taint upon teron, but also the deep love and admiration Pendral felt for his father, Adem Highlander, a man who had become withered and faded from the proud and defiant figure Elarja had placed so much faith in.
Elarja still had not viewed Highlander’s face properly, but the expression he caught from the side view suggested the man was also deeply enamoured with Isabelle, and very much the proud father of his son, Pendral. To the point that Elarja became fascinated with what he saw. He wondered how Highlander could have let go of all of those principles that he had stood for before he became trapped in this alternate past. Love for his wife Jean, first and foremost. Dedication to his legitimate daughter, Janeanne, as well as his mission to try to win over Pendral, or destroy him!
It seemed Adem’s love for his son had won over. The result was a sickening sight of a ruined hero, a doting mistress, and a madman son who would destroy the world without his father to oppose him. Elarja wanted to scream in terror and outrage at what he was seeing, knowing again that this was the risk he was taking each time he allowed Highlander to visit Pendral as a boy. He realised the risk was too great, for if the Time Stones began to malfunction again, and Highlander became trapped in the past, this might be a very merry example of what fate may deliver.
But it was more than this. Elarja realised that in this altered version of the past, Pendral perhaps had never fathered Rayne, and so their recent mission to return the Great Angel Magic of the ancient world to the true present would be wiped from the timelines if this vision were to become a reality! That thought was perhaps the most horrifying yet.

*** 

Flash!
Wil stood on the precipice of a tower balcony. On his tiptoes with axe of dark glass balancing his form, from a drop of over a thousand feet. Pendral stood within the balcony doorway, after fighting Wil throughout the palace of Korhad, though Wil fought back with the rage of near madness. Desperate to avenge the death of his daughter!
‘You are a madman, Pendral!’ Wil shouted defiantly, knowing he was in no position to make threats. ‘I will destroy you eventually. It is only a matter of time before I learn your weakness.’
‘I know your weakness, Wil Martyr,’ Pendral replied with wicked vehemence. ‘Your rage is what drives you to the edge of sanity. It is my purpose to push you beyond such limits.’ Then with a gesture Pendral unleashed a wave of Shadow Flame, launched at Wil’s form as he leapt to try to dodge the blast. He managed to jump high enough to reach onto a ledge higher above the balcony, using his Wood Kin strength to lift his body to a perched position.
But Pendral quickly hovered out into the sky beyond the tower, striking again with another blast that sent Wil hurtling to his death! Somehow Wil knew this was not the first time he had faced Pendral and died trying. It seemed to memory that it had occurred a hundred times or more, and for some reason, he knew it would never end!
The oddest phenomenon for Wil was not his recurring visions, however. It was that each time he died; he saw nothing of the world beyond the grave. Each time he was reborn to fight another battle, and each time he faced Pendral, he died knowing his efforts were futile. Adem Highlander had his purgatory, or hell, just as Carl Wilder was always assured, he would walk in the Fields of Light in the Heavens, but for Wil there was no afterlife. He began to wonder whether life beyond death even existed for those that were reluctant to believe or have faith. Were they simply reborn time and again? If so, it seemed these visions of death would certainly last for an eternity or more.

*** 

Finally, Highlander spoke. Elarja could not have prepared himself for the words he heard. Adem’s voice was reeking of corruption, and when his aged and withered frame stood to glance about the room—as if for that moment sensing Elarja’s presence as he watched the vision—Elarja saw the horrid twisted scowl upon the face of the Blue Water Dragon. The taint having affected the man so long he eventually could not resist the Jinn-Lord’s allure.
Highlander peered about in agitation for a moment; then he turned to Pendral to ask, ‘Have you moved our forces into position?’
Pendral kept his back turned, facing the fire, as he spoke in a voice evenly corrupted, to reply, ‘The demon army is ready, Father. With the Hex-Warlords and what Battle Angels we have joined to our cause, we will crush the enemy within days.’
It was only then that Elarja understood the tension in Isabelle’s eyes, as he realised that she too was taken by Jinn-Fendinn’s manipulations. The three of them were now servants of the Great Enemy. Highlander’s illegitimate family of cursed and corrupted souls.
‘What of Orion and Tobin and their wives?’ Adem asked with a rasping tone, his vexation clear in the way he pronounced their names.
‘All dead, Father.’
‘Good!’ Adem replied with wicked vehemence. ‘What of Elarja RinHannen?’
‘He has escaped us again. That one will be difficult to defeat.’ Elarja clearly sensed submission in Pendral’s tone, even fear of his father’s wrath.
‘Yet defeat him we must!’ Highlander nearly spat the words. ‘Elarja is what ultimately stands between us and our goals. He must be found! He must be destroyed!’
‘The Sons and Daughter are our greatest opposition, Father. Are they not?’
‘Leave Jean, Carl and Wil to me,’ Highlander was giddy with bloodlust as he spoke those names. ‘Just find Elarja and take him down! I will not permit further failure.’ Yes, Adem clearly had the upper hand over Pendral, but for what reason? What great power had Highlander learnt to force his son to heel in such a manner?

***
Rayne waited anxiously before the Arch for the Sons and Daughter to return to him. Tobin, Orion, Lydia, and Elmira also waiting with signs of unease, as the Arch began to smoke. Fumes rushed up into the chamber ceiling. Janeanne also watched with caution and distress. 
Rievenna tugged at Rayne’s coat sleeve; large blue eyes shining with a yearning for the Saviours to return, and Elarja also, so that they could tell of their mission at Kerak’Otozi and warn them of the danger that was sure to follow soon after.
There was something seriously wrong with the Arches. Evident by the fumes and smoke that wafted from each. Nothing like this had ever happened before. Rayne wondered at the possibility that Elarja taking the Time Stones into the male Arch might be the reason for it.
He tried to remain calm, but soon the former Kings and Queens were also voicing their concerns that all of space and time could be in danger of being torn apart. Evidenced by this unbalance of nature.
A fierce roar of thunder filled the night sky. The floor began to bubble and pool around their feet like thick sludge. The walls seemed to be melting under the pressure of this unbalance. The air became thick like water, yet both their surroundings and their own bodies began to flicker with a dull transparency. He sensed within himself that his bones were becoming liquified. Air. Then solid once more. Flicker! Flash! Flare! Altering the very make up of his being. He feared the risks of going in there to try to rescue them to be far too great. So, they waited. As the world began to fall down around them. Their hearts, minds, and souls in danger of vanishing into nothing.

*** 
Orion and Tobin already had their blades unsheathed, though the steel faded from things of substance to purely air in time with Orion’s breathing. The fabric of space was being torn apart. He knew this was not only a perfect opportunity for the Hex-Warlords to strike, they would also likely attack just to try to halt this destruction of Kismeria from taking place, as perhaps even the Jinn-Lord would be at threat by this fracturing of reality.
The attack came soon enough—only moments after Terese appeared from the female Arch, staring about in horror after reaching for her blue-white sword of light—as Janeanne was surrounded by Orion, Tobin, Lydia, and Elmira. Hayley moved to join Rayne and Rievenna’s circle of defence. Rayne’s blade glowed burning blue, perhaps the only thing of substance that remained in the chamber. Pendral and four other Hex-Warlords appeared in a warp of space. Crimson flares revealing their dark cloaked forms. Hovering high up in the chamber as they unleashed waves of Hellfire upon their victims.
Shield-Spells of teron and terael protected the two groups. Orion and Tobin struck back with Hail of Blue Blades. Lightning forking from inside the dome ceiling. The storm raged in the skies above. Seen clearly through the transparent dome as a frenzy of blue bolts coursing like the blood of Odin’s veins. The storm had increased dramatically the moment the Hex-Warlords appeared—as Rayne had summoned his Battle Angels the moment before they arrived, obviously prepared this time to avoid that powerful mind block—and three more dark cloaked figures appeared moments after. Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan staring with the corrupted visage of possessed souls!
Lydia and Elmira also wielded Angel-Magic to unleash Flame Leopards against the three newcomers, who stood on the marble flooring. Each unleashing torrents of Angel-Magic to strike against the two Arches that responded with crackling bolts of flame. Torrents of smoke poured from the glowing surfaces. 
The three possessed men were assaulted with blasts of lightning and bars of hot flame, but their Shield-Spheres held off the attacks. Orion wondered if it was even justified to murder these victims of possession demons. Rayne would certainly not want to kill his best friends, and Orion and Tobin were also close companions of the three men. But the Sons and Daughter were at threat here. The situation was desperate!
Tohka Reiden and Odin appeared within the chamber, the two Battle Angels compacting their forms to each stand only ten feet high. Odin in burnished plated silver armour over black coat and trousers. Crimson burning boots and gauntlets. He struck a blow against Pendral and three of his Hex-Warlords. Lightning flared from Odin’s open palms to strike Jinn-Shields and send his victims flying off through space. Walls were now of no substance capable of halting their trajectory. 
Tohka Reiden stood in burning white coat and trousers. Shield of aqua lightning on his left arm, as he wielded blue bolts that pulverised Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan’s Shield-Spheres. Their possession demons took flight with their hosts the moment their defences flickered. 
Odin and Tohka Reiden then sent bolts of blue flame that surrounded the last Hex-Warlord. Torkhan hovered in a dome of liquid lightning as he struggled to break free from their grasp, but eventually the growing lack of consistency in the room—and possibly the universe—allowed their captive to escape in a crimson flare.
‘They will be back!’ Orion shouted to them over the roar of thunder. ‘Hayley, summon Druantia! We must protect the Arches!’

***
Jean lived a hundred thousand futures inside this realm of infinite possibility. Watching the mad and evil Alit’aren and Ael Tarael bring about destruction to the people of Kismeria. A rampage of bloodlust that would be known as the Age of Ruin.
Jean saw battle after battle. Devastation and bloodshed. Heartbreaking scenes that washed over her senses time and again, and each time she felt the shaming acknowledgement that she was ultimately helpless to resist the flood of carnage that would sweep the Free Lands into oblivion.
She assembled great rulers, kings, queens, lords, and ladies, and they brought their armies in force to meet the enemies that were once the hope of Kismeria, but they were now changed beyond recovery. Insane with the foul corruption upon teron and terael. Each time she watched her armies smashed by Angel-Magic and Jinn-Magic, unleashed against her warriors with such vehemence, she too soon became quite ill. Not only from the effects upon female Angel-Magic, but she also could not resist the horrors of what she was forced to witness. It left its permanent scars upon her psyche.
Finally, the answer was clear to her, in what remained of her true consciousness that battled through each vision. She would have to reassemble the finest Druid-Chemists across the Free Lands, and ensure their cooperative efforts resulted in finding a cure for the taint and the curse. It was their only hope of survival, let alone a victory over the Jinn-Lord at the Ragnarök Battle.
The visions changed then, and she saw the faces of many of those great minds, working their talents to create medicinal potions, never deterred in their aims to discover a new miracle cure. She saw that it would take them time to perfect, but there were some visions that suggested they would succeed before it was too late.
The visions changed again, and Jean saw many things about her future. Some shocking to behold. Others were a salvation to her soul. She knew she must never utter a word of what she witnessed to another living person as long as they remained in Kismeria. It was forbidden, though she would gladly lay her soul bare to anyone that would listen. If she could impart such knowledge for the better of mankind, but also just to relieve her own mind of the burdens she was yet to know.
The last thing she saw was a world saved by a cure for madness and corruption, Kismeria restored to order and prosperity by the wondrous effects of potions similar to medications of the kind Adem used on Earth. It was inspiring to see the world returned to health, but she also felt there that Angel-Magic had also been purified! It was the ultimate revelation, a chance that the damage could be undone. 
But how could this thing ever be achieved? 
That was one answer she did not receive, but soon she felt herself drifting from this world, as she also sensed the fabric of these worlds was being shredded like paper under sharp claws. In her mind she prayed to the Great Angels that they would bring her back to finish her work.

*** 
Adem was released from the Arch to find that he was standing in a scene of utter chaos. The very walls seeming to shimmer with a glow of insubstantiality. He reached for his sword, handed to him by Orion, as he glanced about to gather an all-encompassing understanding of the situation.
Rayne was there, with Odin and Tohka Reiden unleashed. Wielding blue lightning from their fists. Striking at the Hex-Warlords and Hex-Keepers that continued to appear in flashes of crimson, their dark cloaked forms hovering in the air or appearing on the floor that was also flickering in and out of reality.
But the sight that drove fear and loathing into Adem’s heart, was witnessing Rayne’s closest friends, Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan appearing to strike at Rayne and the other defenders with bars of glowing magic! Adem understood instantly that these three men were indeed under the control of possession demons. There was no other explanation for it.
Orion and Tobin, Elmira and Lydia stood defending Janeanne in a small circle, with Hayley further out wielding her Lukrorian Bow. The defenders were unleashing torrents of lightning and flames at their enemies, though his friends were also greatly outnumbered.
Jean appeared through the female Arch as both Adem and his wife shouted the names of their Battle Angels. Arawn and Tanriel appeared to join the battle, along with Anwen. A dark shadow towering as tall as Odin and Tohka Reiden, and two angelic female forms that lashed out immediately with Elemental Magic. Crushing their enemies into submission. 
Flame Spears and Fire Lions appeared in a swarm. Flames launching from the Spears as Anwen’s Spirit Hawks swooped and dived to punch through enemy Jinn-Shields, combined with the devastating might of Rayne’s Battle Angels—and Druantia raising a small army of wood and vine creatures robed in green leaves. Short squat beings with large glowing orbs for eyes, which Adem guessed must have been Druantia’s Children. Similar looking to the furry Leaf Aldebrands Adem had met in another realm. Their descriptions also reminded him of the stories Rayne had told of his visit to the ancient past. The Children used vine coils to drag demons under the floor into the endless abyss or raised a force of short walking trees with a gesture, that rose from the floor to crawl towards their enemies. Devouring demon flesh and bones in gaping wooden maws, while others threw waves of Elemental Magic from their fists and open palms. Burning through Boli-Kuldr skulls and Souljhin torsos—the demons appearing in warps of crimson fire—while Druantia, the emerald robed Battle Angel with hair and eyes of dark fire was also there. Unleashing a flurry of Jade-Arrows from her bow of burning light. Shafts punched through Souljhin breastplates to vanquish the cursed souls in pillars of burning green—as Pendral and his Brothers and Sisters began to show signs of considering retreat.
Adem and Jean wielded Angel-Magic to hurl bars of liquid blue and crimson flame at a number of Hex-Warlords. Adem focusing on Pendral although he knew only a true Spear of Odin would cause his son any serious damage. Already Adem felt that conflict of being forced to do harm to his son, who he had grown to love so much, after knowing him as a young and gentle boy during that childhood an Age ago.
He saw the pain it caused Pendral also. For the first time, Adem could recognise a similar conflict in this man who had once been so proud in his infinite madness, yet now there was a burning passion in those large dark eyes, not a desire to cause harm, but a yearning to end his own suffering, and the struggle between the will of his Master, and his love for his father since that early age.
Through the transparent rooftop above, Adem detected day and night flickering between seconds. One moment the sun was high above, then the moon and glowing starlight in a sky of black. Sun in a pale blue sky with white clouds, then a dark sky with blankets of storm clouds bursting with lightning. This was far worse than the last time they had faced an eternal night. This was tearing the very fabric of space and time!
It didn’t take long for Adem to realise why the Hex-Warlords and their Hex-Keepers were here. As each time one of them was unopposed, they concentrated all of their attack fires against the male Arch, and they had attacked the female Arch for as long as it took for Jean to escape it. In a state of panic Adem understood that they were trying to trap the Sons of Odin and Daughter of Thor inside those alternate worlds. Elarja, Wil and Carl still had not returned!

*** 
Tobin unleashed waves of Emerald Lions against the flood of enemies that began to appear, as suddenly Boli-Kuldr and Nymloc were morphing into view by the dozen, armoured and armed with spears, swords, or heavy clubs. Demons were quickly devoured by hungry Lions and Orion’s Golden Tigers—Tobin did not know how they could be appearing in this way, but the very fabric of reality was vanishing into nothing before their very eyes. In such a time and space, it seemed anything was possible—as Lydia and Elmira created Flame Leopards to join the battle, while still maintaining a steady flow of Pixie Wardens that flew from their fingertips amongst thick bolts of blue lightning.
Odin and Tohka Reiden began to create soldiers formed of blue fire, standing almost as tall as the two Battle Angels. Beings made of glowing armour, armed with heavy blades: hacking through demons while others battered against the shields of Hex-Keepers fighting on the floor.
Other warriors were pouring into the fighting arena. Aldebrands, Alit’aren and Ael Tarael. Each unleashing bars of bright flame. Bolts of lightning or Flame Arrows from Lukrorian Bows. Concentrating their attacks upon the demons that were appearing in packs of fifty or more. Warriors entered by simply running directly through the stone walls, that were before now always impenetrable, even via the teleportation techniques of Souljhin and Hex-Warlords.
Orion and Tobin formed a defence on either side of their wives, as a massive Portal-Spell opened on either side of the chamber. Boli-Kuldr, Souljhin and Rahkwel poured forth as the two former Kings formed a link with Lydia and Elmira. A bar of blue flame as tall as each man and twice as wide launched forwards from each of their forms—the Woden Sabre it was called—as a pure burning blue magnificence that reached across the distance between the charging demon forces. Massive bulky forms were obliterated in the purification of Elemental Magic equal to a true Spear of Odin! They then swivelled their attack, left and right on either side. Sweeping across the lines of charging demons. Wiping out the enemy force in a blaze that was almost blinding even to immortal sight!
The attack had drained both men significantly. Even though it had only lasted a few seconds, but their wives were still drinking in the full force of their link. Combined with the might of that last technique. The ground underneath the remaining enemies was bathed in a rising rupture of crimson fire. Light so bright and deadly even the Hex-Warlords hovering above were forced into retreat by the heat of those flames, or else they would have surely been cooked alive within their Jinn-Shields.
The flames turned demons to ashes in a heartbeat, as Tanriel displayed a new technique to create more warriors in female form. Burning golden orange angels hacking down demons with spears glowing hot blood red. 
But the Hex-Warlords soon returned; they would know those fires would not last. Again, they focused their attacks upon the male Arch. It was always believed that the Arches could never be destroyed, though Tobin began to fear that at this time, with the growing force of all magic in the world, perhaps the Hex-Warlords may be successful.
He beckoned his defenders to swiftly move closer to the Arch, shouting orders to the other warriors to defend their inner circle. Hayley, Janeanne, Adem and Jean were soon assembled on the other side of the male Arch as a link of Shield-Domes went up around the Portal. Alit’aren and Ael Tarael surrounded the Shield-Dome on the outer edges, bars of flame and bolts of lightning flying from fists and fingers to strike at the demons, turning flesh to flame.
The Battle Angels then aimed their attacks at the Hex-Warlords and Hex-Keepers only, trying to force them into a final retreat. Wings of fire blossomed on the backs of many of their Spirit Wardens, and the Warrior Bladesmen rose up to challenge the dark cloaked figures that floated above the chaos. 
Odin and Tohka Reiden aimed blasts of lightning at Pendral’s Shield-Sphere, but the son of Highlander had grown too strong. He laughed at their attempts as his own lightning continued to strike at Tobin’s linked Shield-Domes, as did other bolts of burning crimson that launched from the fists of his Brothers.
He realised then what was necessary, as their own Shield-Spells would not hold long enough. So, with a word in Orion’s ear, the two Alit’aren Aldebrands stepped through the dome. Launching into an aggressive attacking mode against the greatest threats in the room. 
Tobin chose Pendral as his first target. He knew the man would welcome a contest of blades. Tobin charged to leap into the air four times his own height, as Pendral’s sword extended beyond his own Jinn-Shield. Blades clashed with a roar like thunder. He fell to land in a defensive stance as Pendral swooped down with the sword form of Crimson Sun. Blocked by Tobin with Bull Horn. Immortal strength forced the man back with a push of his sword. Pendral landed on the floor, that was still strong enough to hold the people standing on it, yet it continued to flicker as if about to vanish completely.
Tobin glimpsed Orion battling two Hex-Warlords with the same leap and strike technique. Golden blade bursting with orange flames that flowed around his form in a sweeping arc as he hammered at their defences. Odin and Arawn moving into the air on burning wings to pummel two more dark cloaked enemies. Fists of blue lightning entangled the first, as Arawn’s burning red blade hacked repeatedly at the Shield-Sphere of the second.

*** 
Adem knew he could not stand by while others risked their lives to clean up the mess he had made. Even though Tobin looked capable of besting Pendral in a sword fight, Pendral was by far the more powerful wielder of the two.
Rayne was busy holding off attacks from his three closest friends. Ellagon, Ragan and Shaye were persistent and deadly in their formation. Wielding bars of liquid energy that pushed against Shield-Domes created by both Rayne and Rievenna. The two lovers fought back with waves of Elemental Magic, Spirit Wardens of Flame Angels and Burning Dragons hacking and chomping against Jinn-Shields with little effect.
Adem stepped out of the dome to rise off the ground. Wings of Odin flared from his shoulders as his blade was unsheathed. At that moment Carl also stepped out from the male Arch, and summoned Math Mathonwy to join the battle, though Adem told his friend to remain within the dome and watch over Jean.
Adem launched through the air to swoop and strike against Pendral’s Jinn-Shield. His son’s blade rose up to block the strike. Thunder and lightning filled the air at that moment. Tobin moved into an attack against other Hex-Warlords. Emerald blade flaring as he spun and hacked, leapt to chop and batter against blades and shields. Emerald Lions assisting his attacks as they chomped down on Hex-Keeper Jinn-Shields. Distracting other enemies from opening fire. Orion’s Golden Tigers were using the same technique, and so far, Orion had managed to intimidate Arkori into a temporary retreat. He hurled his attacking force at Harkrost. Crimson sword deflecting Orion’s blade swings at immortal speed.
Adem saw all this in the moments that Pendral returned to the skies. Sun and moon flickering from day to night overhead. Adem understood that this would perhaps speed up the passage of time to the point that there would be no winter.
Pendral lunged at his father with crimson blade flickering like a mad adder. Adem moved through practiced forms to deflect those strikes. Defensive, but also deadly if he met his mark, as the blade whirled around his form in an emerald glow. Pendral was aggressive, but Adem again noted the conflict in those eyes. His son was remembering his youth spent with the father that he had loved, though the madness of his mind still made him a vessel for the Jinn-Lord’s control over his soul.
How could he reach him?
‘Would you murder your own father?’ Lightning filled the dark clouded skies above as Adem shouted across the roar of thunder.
‘A father would have stayed to raise his son,’ Pendral snarled in reply. ‘If you had ever truly loved me.’ 
‘I tried to be there as often as I could! There was only so much time I could spend with you! I do love you, my son!’
Pendral laughed, as his blade smashed against Adem’s. The strike sent sparks flying at the same moment that Adem sensed his son’s control over that dark dragon scar upon his chest. It began to drain Adem’s strength, and this gave Adem no insight into how he might use this Dark Magic against his son, despite Carl suggesting that it might become possible.
‘Yes, time, father. That is the answer, of course. How else could you have reached me back then unless through the doorways of time? It was Elarja RinHannen that gave you this ability. He will no longer meddle in our plans. He will become trapped within the Chameleon Arch for all time.’
Pendral launched into a vicious assault. His sword moving faster than Adem could hope to defend. Adem used Odin Wings to move beyond Pendral’s reach. He summoned a true Odin Spear, pointed at his son from the tip of his blade. 
He mouthed the words, ‘I’m sorry.’
A blinding bar of liquid blue flame launched from the emerald sword. Pendral and the light became one. The blast sent the man hurtling beyond the walls of the chamber, perhaps beyond the walls of the city. It was a harsh lesson, but Adem could not allow his son to achieve victory.
Finally, Wil appeared through the Arch. Immediately Dis Pater and Gwydion joined the battle. The attacking strength of Battle Angels now easily enough to force this fight into a swift defeat. 
Dis Pater was a dark shadow wielding his golden axe with ferocious might. Hacking down Boli-Kuldr and slicing Nymloc in halves. Dark blood splattering in the wake of his fury. 
Gwydion hovered in the sky to hurl bolts of blue lightning at Hex-Warlords and Hex-Keepers, as the Battle Angels formed a Link that turned the flickering skies above into a crescendo of lightning bursting from the clouds … From a cloud covered blue sky … A blanket of stars on a field of black. Torrents of energy cascading into the chamber to vanquish demons in blasts of white flame. Bones of Souljhin collapsing in piles. Demons reduced to dust and vapour. 
A ki’mera swarm filled the chamber as Angel-Magic within the Battle Angels increased dramatically. Lightning flaring around enemy Jinn-Shields like claws of vengeance. Crushing their defences, until each man and woman of the Shadow vanished in warps of crimson light.

*** 
Jean breathed a sigh of relief, believing for one moment that it was all over. Then in a flare of crimson, Pendral appeared again. Hovering in the air with that wicked gleam to his eyes, before the man flew like an arrow, to enter the male Arch. The linked Shield-Dome had been removed by Jean and her companions in those moments after the Hex-Warlords retreated.
Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan returned in crimson flares, throwing their beams of energy directly at Rayne and Rievenna, as the two lovers quickly retreated towards the Arch to join the link of Shield-Spells.
Adem waited only moments before his need to save Elarja drove him to make another insane decision. Jean watched her husband drop his blade and also fly into the Arch on Wings of Odin burning blue!
The last to enter was Rayne, when they reached the inner domes and the Hex-Warlords and Hex-Keepers began to reappear. ‘Do not let any more of them enter the Arch!’ Rayne had shouted, before Odin Wings flared from his shoulders—and he also left his blade so as to avoid losing his Battle Angels within that dangerous realm—as he leapt at the Arch to vanish behind its glimmering surface.
The battle began to rage once more. Angels hurling lightning bolts in the form of Serpents and Dragons. Spears of Flame touched ground to burst with walls of golden-orange fire. Burning Hawks, Fire Eagles and Shadow-Flame Crows punched through chests, tearing gaping bleeding holes as demons collapsed. Others tearing out demon eyeballs in snapping blood-soaked beaks. Shadow Hounds ripping out throats, crushing skulls in jaws or shredding flesh and bone with razor sharp claws. A madhouse of energies flying in all directions, as the sun rose; then fell in an instant. A black starlit sky, then a cloud covered day with falling snow. Then a night of flooding rain! Jean cursed the name Elarja for his foolishness. Entering the Arch with such reckless abandon for the sake of Kismeria.
Terese and Isabelle had also joined their circle after battling demons further out. Both once Heroes of Will; they demonstrated strength in terael that was beyond comprehension. At this time when the rules were bent to limitless proportions. Jean knew they were both only concerned for the lives of the Snow Fox and her daughter—despite Isabelle’s latent passion for Adem, something Jean had no hope of ever crushing completely. They stood now beside Jean and Janeanne, using Angel-Magic to add stability to the link of Shield-Domes.
Alit’aren and Ael Tarael as well as hundreds of Forsaken were now entering the chamber. Darkness returned that pushed against their lightning attacks with crushing force. Souljhin began to pour into the chamber via their teleport ability. A number of Jinn-Taps had been thrown about earlier by the Hex-Keepers. Hundreds of the dark cloaked vipers wielding tainted crimson blades!
The battle turned frantic! Warriors fought with a frenzy of Elemental Magic. Forsaken resorting to Jinn-Magic as the only means of taking down Swordsmen of the Shadow. Crimson spears and Pythons of burning Hellfire Acid ripped through demon torsos, skulls, and limbs. Gorging with ravenous appetites as Souljhin bodies fell like melted slag.
Then in a blast of crimson light, a new shadow figure appeared in the centre of the chamber. Of the height of an immortal, the hooded figure raised a fist that burst with red lightning, flaring outwards in a burning sphere! The sphere of light expanded to turn the remaining Souljhin to piles of burning ash. When the energies touched the shields of Hex-Warlords and their Generals, a horrid wail sounded from their enemies, as if they were in excruciating pain.
As the Hex-Warlords and their Generals fled once more, Jean caught a glimpse of the face within that dark cowl. It was Serock! Formerly known as Tairark Vampireking. He was perhaps the most feared Shadow Man in history. Yet also the man who had saved the Sons and Daughter in their first confrontation against the Jinn-Lord. Resulting in the man becoming trapped in Kerak’Otozi for the last thousand years! Jean realised it must have been this tearing of reality that had allowed Serock to escape his imprisonment. This was perhaps the only reason they had survived this ghastly situation.

Chapter 3

Father and Son

Adem hovered in a dome of burning blue-white brilliance. Pendral thirty feet across from him. Crazed face frozen with tension as he fought against the Shield-Traps that were locked down around his form. Rayne was an equal distance to the left of Adem, with Elarja opposite Rayne. The four of them suspended in this alternate dimension where the laws of physics were being torn apart. Time was sliding into a puddle like gel. Space was constricted and at the same time stretched beyond containable proportions.
Adem felt all of these things within his psyche as he struggled against the surging might of Pendral. Using a link with Rayne to stop Pendral from wielding Angel-Magic or Jinn-Magic. They knew Elarja was his primary target, and the very reason Pendral had risked entering the Arch.
Flash!
Adem was sitting beside his son, Pendral, in the palace that was once ruled by Pendral’s grandfather, the Ruhalden King. It was now home to Isabelle and her beloved son. Adem had been here a long time now. Elarja had still not returned to collect him. Over the years spent with Pendral, Adem’s love for his first-born son had grown immensely.
‘Let us play the Game of Spells once more, Father!’ Pendral shouted enthusiastically, his voice now beginning to break as he was entering his early teenage years. ‘Shienden will guard the window while we play!’
Adem was eager to play, though for some reason he also felt a deep yearning to be gone from this place, despite how much it would pain him to leave his son’s side.
‘Another game would be most fun, indeed, Pendral,’ Adem said softly, rubbing his hand through his son’s thick dark locks. ‘But I feel there is urgent business that I must attend elsewhere. I feel it calling to me now. I think it is time I really must be going.’
‘Oh, please, Father! One more game before you must leave! Just once more, Father, please?’
Pendral’s eyes were filled with love and desperation. Adem knew he so very much enjoyed the Game of Spells. Outside it was beginning to rain, but the fire was burning brightly and gave enough warmth to the room despite it being late in autumn. Nearly time for the winter snows.
‘One more game, Pendral, and then I really must leave.’
Flash!
Neither Adem nor Rayne could lash out with Angel-Magic to harm Pendral in this moment frozen in time. They were using all their strength to Shield-Trap the man to keep him from harming Elarja. The Time Strider’s face was a mask of conflicted despair. Adem knew whatever visions Elarja was having were also having great impact on the son of the First Nordic King.
Above the dome of light, a great storm began to surge, as if summoned by the contest of might between Adem and Rayne. Duelling with Pendral’s strength in teron and Jinn-Magic. Then the storm began to swirl down within the dome as a spinning vortex of energies. A force so powerful it would soon draw them into its core.
Adem strained against the surging recurrence of visions that took over during this conflict. Grappling for sanity as images and false memories flashed through his mind. Though he knew they were not entirely unreal, and that Pendral was in fact sharing those visions with Adem. He saw that the experience was also taking its toll upon the crazed mind of his son.
Flash!
Rayne stood in the centre of a courtyard, duelling against his Father, Pendral Dragon-Sword. Hand of the All-Father and Saviour of Kismeria. Rayne’s admiration for his father and the legends that surrounded his name since before birth were dumbfounding to comprehend. He put his father on the pedestal of infallible greatness.
Pendral’s skill with the blade was also beyond measure. He was lightning quick, and his knowledge of forms was exceptional. A blend of ancient techniques mixed with new forms learnt during his time spent amongst the Forsaken, where he became close friends with Lord General Tarz, and taught as much as he learnt from the wielders that were considered cursed outlaws amongst the Free Landers. The Forsaken were also seen as the last great strength in the world. Defending the Green Border from demon invasion for half a millennium. 
‘Let us fight again, my son,’ Pendral said with a warm smile to his eyes. ‘You need the practice, and I will do my part to teach you what I know.’
But it seemed they had fought here in this place for an eternity already, as Rayne began to feel the urgent need of something else calling him away from this place, as much as it pained him to leave his Father, who he loved and admired so deeply.
‘I feel it is time I was about on other business, Father. I really must go.’
‘But you only just arrived, my son. And you still have much to learn.’
‘Still, I feel it has been longer than it should have been, Father. Really, I must leave, now!’
‘Do you not love your Father?’ Pendral asked; his face tinged with a broken emotion, as if he yearned for the love of his son more than anything else on this earth.
‘Of course, Father. I love you very much. Perhaps we will practice once more before the setting of the sun.’
‘Good! That would please me greatly, Rayne, my dear son.’
Flash!
Rayne returned to the dome of light. His body aching from the exertion of will and Angel-Magic that was needed to contain the might of his Father. Pendral’s face was a mask of contorted rage and agony. Rayne saw there too that Pendral had also shared those visions of a sword fight that had lasted generations, or so it seemed! He wondered if those experiences were in fact reaching his father to a degree. Was it possible to win Pendral back?
Flash!
Adem rode in a large coach with curtained windows and wine; bread and cheese on platters; soft silk cushions on the seats and servant girls fanning them from the summer heat. His son Pendral had grown a great deal during their time spent together, and Adem had also found it near impossible to resist the affections of the boy’s mother, as Isabelle was always at his side, begging for intimacy with a burning desire.
They were on their way to another estate where Adem would visit in the summer to taste their finest wines and give his blessing for the harvest festivals that began in spring and lasted to early autumn. It seemed that Adem was becoming too content with the good life, relaxed and perhaps even slovenly with little to do with his time except eat, drink and be merry.
‘Let us take the altherin for a ride, Father! Oh, I do love to open them up on the rolling green meadows. Will you give me Tarkson’s son to ride when the foal is grown to full size and strength?’
‘You already ride a fine horse, my son. I have promised Weiden to be your younger brother’s mount. You know how fond Matthew is of Weiden, and he has cared for the colt since it was a young foal.’
‘You always promise the finest gifts for my brother!’ Pendral snapped in fury. ‘Weiden is the finest altherin alive today. I simply must ride him, Father! We will find another for Matthew to ride! Oh, please, Father, please may we find him another?’
‘I will think on it, my son, for now practice your letters and numbers. The fate of the world is depending on you, Pendral. So much depends on you.’
Flash!
The vision returned to the dome of light, and the storm above was now raging to epic proportions. Adem began to sense that the very dimension itself was in danger of being torn apart. He greatly feared what that might mean in regard to their hopes of escaping. They could not abandon Elarja. He was vital to their cause, and more importantly, reality could not be restored to order unless they managed to get the Time Strider out of the Arch!
He saw great strain on Pendral’s face also, as if his sharing of those visions were eating away at his very core. Building a resistance to the all-powerful grip of the Jinn-Lord and the corruption upon teron. These memories were in some ways real, and it was having a real affect upon his son’s psyche. They could reach him! Adem believed that now, there was still hope!
Flash!
‘Father, please stay!’
‘Pendral, I must go, please understand, my son.’ 

Flash!
‘Please fight another bout with me, Rayne, my son.’
‘The sun is set long ago, Father. I really must be going.’
‘Do you not love your Father, Rayne?’
‘I do, Father. I love you with all my heart.’
‘Then stay and fight another round. It would gladden me greatly.’
‘Alright, Father, one more round; then I really must go.’

Flash! 
‘Don’t you love your son, Father?’
‘I do, Pendral. I love you my son, but I must go.’

Flash! 
‘Bartender, pour another mug of ale for my son, Rayne Dragon-Sword.’
‘Really, Father, it is past time for me to leave.’
‘Do you not have time to sit and drink with your Father? Do you not love me, my son?’
‘I do, Father, really I do, but it is late, and I have other business. I really must be going!’
‘Why must you go? Is there not time enough for business in the morning hours? It is late, as you say, and we have had much to drink. So, let us indulge further and talk of old times missed and futures shared. Stay with me, son. Stay a while longer.’
Flash!
‘Stay, Father, please!’
‘It really is time that I must be leaving, son.’
‘You always leave me, Father! You never loved me! You never loved my Mother the way she deserves! You are a liar and a fraud! I hate you, Father! Hate, hate, hate, I hate you!
‘I love you, Pendral. I love you with all my heart.’
‘Lies, Father! You tell awful, wicked lies!’
‘It is plain truth my son. Please believe me. Please stay by my side a little longer. Please stay with me, Pendral.’
‘No, Father, I have to go!’
‘Stay, Pendral. Stay with me and watch the sunset.’
‘No, I want to go!’
‘We will stay to watch the sunrise again. I will stay the whole time, my son. I promise. I love you, Pendral.’
‘No, Father! No!’
‘Please, Pendral, please stay with me. Tomorrow I will make Weiden your very own, to ride from now until your end of days. Stay a while longer, Pendral, please! Let me make up for all the time we have lost.’
‘You would grant me Weiden, Father? Do you speak truly that Weiden shall be mine?’
‘Of course, Pendral; my dear son. Nothing is too much to ask for my first born and favourite son of all. Just ask and anything that is within my power I shall grant you. Stay with me, Pendral, please won’t you stay?’
Flash! Flash! Glimmer! Flash! Flash! Flicker! Flare!
‘Stay and drink with me a while longer, Father. I long to hear the great tales of the legend of Pendral Dragon-Sword. We have lost so much time already. Let us spend a while longer to get to know one another better!’
‘I’m so sorry, Rayne, but I must be leaving. I have urgent business in the east, and my need to leave is ever pressing.’
‘But we have not shared enough great tales, Father. Stay with me, stay a while longer please, and tell me of your talks with the Giants and Great Invaders from across the West Sea. I am in awe of your history, Father, the people sing songs in your name. Stay a while more, and I shall tell you of my own childhood. How I longed to know my Father. To see his face and hear his voice. To feel his warm hugs on cold nights. To frighten away the monsters that hid under my bed.’
‘I am sorry I could not be around more often, Rayne. But now I really must go!’
‘No, stay, Father, please! Stay and tell me of how you met my Mother. Tell me what kind of woman she was, and the tale of your great love affair.’
‘That was long ago, my son. And it is a tale of great woe for me. A heavy burden to bear. Your Mother, she was ... most beautiful ... and very kind. The day we first met was also the same day my horse Weiden died ... the stallion was charging to meet me and ran too fast. He had a terrible fall ... Weiden was the finest gift my Father ever gave me.’
‘Tell me of your Father, Adem Highlander, please Pendral. I wish to know about the times you shared with him also. The love he showed you. Your fond memories together. Please tell me, Father.’

Flash! Flash! Glimmer! Flash! Flash! Flicker! Flare!

***
Pendral screamed in agony from the visions he was forced to endure, as he returned to the dome of fire where the storm raged chaotically overhead, the vortex finger threatening to drag them to its centre and rip them from the universes entirely. Finally, the visions had changed, finally his father and son had started to beg Pendral to stay, they had wanted him the way he had always needed them, and the pain ripped his heart from his chest like a claw of burning ice!
‘Accursed Father!’ he shouted at Adem Highlander. ‘Accursed son!’ he shouted at Rayne with heartache and mad rage. ‘Damn this accursed family! Damn you both! Burn you all to ashes in eternal Hellfire!’
Pendral’s rage allowed him the strength he needed to break free from their Shield-Traps. His fear of further visions forced him to flee with haste, flying back through the glowing Portal of light. Escaping this cursed realm of horrid visions of past, present, and future. In his heart a young boy was screaming for his father. A grown man was aching for the love of his son. Yet his mind was controlled by darkness and fire. Rage was a madness that defied even the necessary emotion of love. 
They had reached him, just for a moment, but the grip of the Jinn-Lord was impossible to escape. The memory of Weiden’s death also ate away at the very fibres of his being, but a strange kind of healing was also evident, at the memory of the day his Father, Adem Highlander, gifted him the magnificent altherin to ride for his very own. It was the morning after the night he had called Pendral his first born and ‘favourite’ son. A morning when they had stayed awake from sunset the night before and talked until a glorious red and golden sunrise. Precious moments spent between father and son.
Koriken Demonfist felt the grip of the Jinn-Lord crushing the lost soul that was once known as Pendral Dragon-Sword. A massive burning claw of ice that pressed against his flesh and blood, his very spirit, as the curse upon his mind via the corruption upon teron allowed absolute dominance by his new Lord and Master.
YOU LIVE TO SERVE MY WILL, KORIKEN! YOU SHALL BE MY ETERNAL SLAYER, AND THE WORLD SHALL SCREAM AS THEY BLEED FROM YOUR WRATH!
It shall be just as you command, High-Jinn!
Koriken’s mind was a bloodbath of madness and flames. He soared through dimensions to return to his Master’s call. Coursing energies of Jinn-Magic a blissful ecstasy washing upon his heart and soul!

*** 
The aftermath of the battle was a scene of chaos and desolation throughout the palace. Pendral had fled immediately after escaping the Arch, and the Hex-Warlords and their Generals had not returned. Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan also fled. Adem and his companions began to move about the palace to gather reports on fatalities and damage to the fortifications. They heard many tales of the horrors felt by all who had to witness the presence of Heroes of Will and Children of Odin under the spell of possession. Lashing out with Angel-Magic and Jinn-Magic to murder men and women that simply refused to fight back or even defend themselves when faced with such corruption upon humanity.
Apparently, more possession demons were present during the battle, and they had taken more victims. Alit’aren and Ael Tarael also began to turn against their companions, unleashing bars of hot flame to burn both defenders and innocents into cinders!
The situation was desperate. Adem understood Jean’s urgent need to assemble a force of Druids to create another miracle cure, to aid them against the corruption upon teron and the curse upon terael. The fact that Rayne’s experience told them how strong the Jinn-Lord and his possession demons had become was also proof that the need to discover a cure created an imminent threat upon the Sons and Daughter—along with any other wielder that could become a Servant of the Shadow under such soul and mind control—as well as an equal urgency to discover a way to combat this threat. It could spell disaster in short order if Adem or his Brothers were taken victim.
The coin needed to gather the Druids and the resources they required to begin their work was no obstacle for Jean. Adem lent his full support in every way to ensure that Jean felt her plans would succeed, and fast! Within a matter of hours, they had gathered Druids and White-Witches from all corners of the Free Lands, using portals and a network of recruitment teams to locate the men and women. More were gathered over the days and weeks that followed, as chemistry labs were set up in the major cities and strongholds. These wise minds began their work with some assistance from Carl, who Adem understood had done some research into medicines during their time spent back on Earth.
There were no further attacks by the Shadow during that time, though Elarja’s duration spent within the Chameleon Arch had resulted in irreversible effects upon the very nature of space and time. The fabric of reality was still in desperate need of repair, or at least a chance to stabilize. It was occurring all over the world. A repeat of the effects witnessed during Elarja’s time within the Arch. A sword of solid steel might become slack like gel, only to return to full solidity a moment later. Then to air in timing with the wielder’s breath. A wall might appear where one had not existed moments before, or a door might disappear then reappear elsewhere, to later be replaced by solid brick and mortar.
Day and night had returned to a natural order, but just as Adem had predicted, winter had come and gone in a matter of hours. Early spring was melting the snows and frost across the Free Lands. The sun would shine brightly in a pale blue sky with occasional grey rain clouds, but new life was still beginning. Flowers bloomed, fresh leaves grew on the trees, bees buzzed to gather their pollen and birds nested to lay eggs once more.
The greatest concern was Serock’s knowledge that Elarja’s destruction to the fabric of space and time had also greatly increased the potential for the Jinn-Lord to escape his imprisonment in Kerak’Otozi, perhaps much sooner than might have been possible otherwise. Time was running out for them. The Shadow grew in its might with every passing day.
During the third week the Druid Allor MorKondeith requested the presence of the Sons and Daughter to sample his newly discovered miracle cure. The Nordic-blood was over seven hundred years old, blue eyed with silver hair and a flowing white beard, though the darkness of corruption was no longer evident in his eyes, which was promising. It suggested to Adem that his potion was having the right effect.
‘I must warn you,’ Allor said carefully with a slightly amused smile to his eyes, ‘the potion will have side effects.’
‘What kind of effects?’ Jean asked with great interest.
‘Call it a strong batch, my Lady Snow Fox,’ Allor replied with a tight grin. ‘The effects will be in some ways an enhancement of the senses, similar to wielding Angel-Magic. However, some side effects may seem more of a hindrance. I shall work at perfecting the preparation techniques to attempt to eradicate such side effects.’
The Druid did not have to spell it out any more clearly, and so, understanding the risks, but also spurred on by the necessity to remain clear of mind, they each took a sip of the potion. As did their other companions, including Terese, Hayley and Isabelle, Rayne and Rievenna, Janeanne, Arig and the former rulers of Nordhel and Tarvel.
The effect upon the mind was almost instantaneous. Adem suddenly felt revived and relieved of his ailments. His mind soothed and calmed beyond measure. ‘I feel no side effects,’ he commented to the Druid, to which Allor replied with a sparkling smile to his eyes, ‘Give it a while, my Lord Dragon.’ 
‘The important thing is that it works!’ Jean said. ‘I feel restored to full capacity of mind and will, something I have struggled with for a very long time. We will retire to our chambers and wait out these side effects. Girls in one room, boys in another. Just as a precaution in case the effect is also that of a powerful love tonic.’
‘Your hunger will be sated,’ Allor said in an amused tone, ‘though I advise you all to have a quick bite early on. Try to avoid any alcohol and sip water sparingly but remain well hydrated.
‘I will be here at my work until the early hours if there are any questions.’

Chapter 4

Expressions of Euphoria

As they were turning to leave Allor spoke again. ‘One more important matter I nearly forgot to mention. Try to resist your temptation to wield Angel-Magic.’
‘Why?’ Jean asked with concern.
‘You will notice a surge in your ability to sense and draw from teron or terael, but also a dramatic increase in the amount you are able to draw and contain. The desire to drink in this glory is not only a danger of drawing too much and losing control. It would also increase the chances of being blocked from your ability to wield.’
That same smile touched his eyes. ‘You will soon see what I mean.’ Adem then understood the dramatic size of the dark centres of the Druid’s eyes. Beyond even the standard of immortals when wielding. He also saw a sparkle of enjoyment in those large blue orbs. A glistening magic dancing across the dark centres that assured Adem the medicine was also a powerful intoxicant. Carl did not look at all pleased at this revelation.
Adem had a fair idea of what to expect, and so, as the men and women made their way together to the same Dining Hall, each man and woman ate sparingly as if already feeling quite full, or perhaps a little nauseous. Adem also receiving a number of seductive grins with large orb-like eyes staring first from his wife, and then from Isabelle also, when the Hero thought his wife was not paying attention. 
Jean saw though, nothing escaped her in that regards. Especially with her link of senses with Adem via the kigare. She would know his guilt in an instant from such affections regardless of whether Arawn spoke to Tanriel or Anwen via their telepathic communications. Jean did not appear or feel at all upset in this instance however, she simply looked his way and smiled again. Her countenance simply beaming with joy and perhaps an increase in attraction to her husband!
There was quiet conversation between each group that stood around sampling duck, turkey or chicken sandwiches, and a little cheese to finish off as the women sampled a small goblet of wine each and the men tasted a new batch of cider that was a strong alcoholic kind. Each only had a few sips as the effects of the potion was soon washing over them all, and the Druids advice that it would not mix well with alcohol was evident in every face that suddenly appeared a little off balance. Even the immortals appeared a little giddy!
‘Enjoy your alone time, boys!’ Terese remarked as the men and women parted ways, the men waited for the women to leave first and then Adem, Carl, Wil, Arig, Rayne, Tobin and Orion stood around a while longer before the Demon-Slayer suggested, ‘I think the Royal Pipe Chambers will be fitting for this experience. There will be a warm fire and comfortable seating with a fair variety of books to read over while we sit and wait.’
‘A splendid suggestion,’ Adem replied; ‘though I am not much in the mood for books right now. I find music is always the best companion to experiences such as we might expect the near future to hold for us.’ And with those words, Adem reached into his black Alit’aren coat pocket to produce his phone, charged with a little Angel-Magic. He plugged his earphones in and began to play one of his favourite artist’s albums. The music would soothe him at least, and although he did not want to seem rude or unsociable, he knew the music would carry him through the ordeal better than reading or casual conversation would on its own.
By the time they reached the Pipe Chambers—a well-furnished room with seating for twenty or more, other seats taken by other Alit’aren and male Forsaken that had also had a sample of the potion—Adem was suddenly revelling in the aforementioned side effects. Experiencing now the early presence of the positive effects explained by the Druid.
He felt light-headed, but glorious. Calm and perhaps a little heavy in his limbs, but also light and strong in his muscles. A warm glow flowing through his heart and soul. His vision had improved dramatically, very similar to when wielding teron. He could see enhanced detail in everything he looked at. His friends. His surroundings. Every line and crevice on the ornate gilded framework of walls and picture frames, to the emanating glow of the crackling fireplace. Burning away within his mind as an abstract sense of his environment. Glowing with magnificence both in front of him and behind his eyes.
He enjoyed this very much, so far only a little concerned that another side effect might by a reversal of the miraculous healing qualities of the potion upon his mind. The music helped. Elation and a greater source of warmth washed over his every fibre. A slight tingling and cooler sensation both across the surface of his skin and seemingly in the very air surrounding him. Breath of the Snow Gods gently blowing across his form and circulating the room around his physical form. It was a little more than delightful, but this was only the beginning. After a while Carl and Wil did not look like they could deny enjoying it also.
Time began to slide into a slippery liquid. Space seemed insubstantial one moment, then solid a moment more. Adem was unsure if this was a sensory perception or the very nature of the world in a state of unrest. Refreshments were ordered but the men ate little if anything, their hunger now satisfied. Perhaps a slight nausea returning at the sight of food.
Orion and Tobin sat talking with Arig, as the three men smoked pipes in front of the open flames. Faces subdued. Eyes a little more shiny than usual. Glazed but also alive with fire. Adem noted a fierce surge in his sense of teron. Met with an overwhelming urge to reach for Angel-Magic at full force. He felt his ability to draw from that wellspring of light and terror to be much greater than should be possible. Perhaps even equal to the time they had discovered the Heart of Odin, or when he had wielded the Fists of Odin. It was an electrifying sensation. Spellbinding and terrifying. That mix of Light and Shadows was perceived in such vast torrents, yet still just beyond his reach despite his urge to grasp hold at full force and drink in that purifying yet corrupting paradox of flowing energy.
As time passed, he felt the waves of drowsiness creep over his mind. Accompanied by a slight blurring of his vision, and although he was still in a state of enjoyment, he would have to label this effect as being one of the negatives. He saw Carl and Wil were at the same stage of effect. Seeming to also be at the realisation that this would not be suitable for experiencing during a serious conflict. Admittedly, it left them all quite vulnerable as states of euphoria washed over their expressions. They were all very sane, but they were also intoxicated to the point of a fault. The potion would need perfecting.
He removed one of his headphones from the left ear to discuss this matter with Carl, as Adem admitted to his friend, ‘Obviously some of these side effects are simply unacceptable. I can talk with Allor now. Would you like me to? I feel like a walk. Rayne can accompany me, and we will talk as we go. 
‘Rayne, will you join me?’
A sedated looking Rayne Dragon-Sword nodded with empathy burning in his large blue eyes. A sign that he too was overwhelmed with the current effect but more than willing to spend time with his grandfather.
‘Unacceptable is understating it a little, I think, Adem!’ Carl replied after a time, as if lost in his own thoughts or conversation with his Battle Angel. ‘This is the cure, to be certain. But it is also ... pure ecstasy!’
‘It would appear that way.’ Adem’s eyes were half lidded as surges of elation rushed through his system.
‘I did not assist them with any direction heading towards such side effects. I don’t know if it is safe, for you especially.’
‘It will make us well again,’ Adem said. ‘We must guard ourselves against madness. It makes us puppets for possession demons. They have already proven themselves to have grown in strength to a great extent. We must use the cure until a better version can be created.’
‘You are probably right, Adem. But I don’t like it one bit. It puts us all at risk. How can we be expected to fight in this state? Our concentration is sometimes high, sometimes very low and disabled. 
‘What do you think, Wil?’
‘I like it,’ Wil said. ‘It is calming; yet invigorating. I feel stronger now than I ever have before, at least since we discovered the Heart of Odin.’
‘That is true,’ Carl admitted. ‘Go and talk with Allor. I will also investigate his preparation techniques and ingredients further in the next day or two. Tell him to expect a visit from me very soon.’
As Adem walked with his grandson through the halls of the palace, they talked at intervals while Adem kept one headphone in his left ear, Rayne walking and talking on his right side. As they made the journey towards Allor’s laboratory, Adem and also Rayne became acutely aware of the effects upon Jean and Rievenna, as well as Hayley via their shared kigare connection.
The women were also enjoying the effects it seemed. Arawn and Odin informed the pair that the women were having some sort of a party in Jean’s sleeping chambers. A large room that Adem was not invited to share, since that last kiss from Isabelle. Adem and Rayne told their Battle Angels to inform the women that they were on their way to meet them however, and when Adem stepped through the bedchamber doorways—that were well guarded by several Ael Tarael with similar expressions of having tasted the potion—he looked upon a scene that was suddenly heart-warming and at the same time a little perplexing.
There was music in the room, aided by their female Battle Angels to add volume and rhythm similar to that of a symphony orchestra, though Hayley, Terese, Rievenna and Janeanne were all playing musical instruments. A drum. Harp. Tambourine and flute. To Adem’s absolute astonishment, Jean and Isabelle were dancing like two young girls at the village fair!
Arm in arm they danced around in circles as Rayne and Adem watched in horror of the absurdity of what they were seeing. Not that they did not want the women to have a nice time together, but Jean and Isabelle had been at odds from word go, and Adem had always believed there would forever be a deep burning chasm between them over their envy of one another’s relationship with Adem.
The two women broke off from their linked arms as Jean stood stomping one foot gently and clapping her hands together softly in time with the drumbeats. Isabelle was now aware of their presence, but it was not until Adem stood beside his wife to tap her gently on the shoulder that she looked up with blue eyes burning with sensory pleasure. Wrapping both arms tightly around her husband as she spoke softly to say, ‘Oh! My darling sweetheart! Isn’t it wonderful? I feel so alive. My heart is on fire! Plus, it is on fire for you, my dear beloved. I will never let you go again!’
Adem stroked her back caressingly as he replied, ‘Don’t you think it is a little too strong?’
‘Oh, yes! It will definitely need some tweaking to get it right. But can we not just enjoy this moment together and feel the bliss of the energy and life coursing through our veins? Hold me tighter, my love. I’ve missed you terribly. This has only made me realise how much I need you.’
‘I’m very pleased to know that; my darling wife.’
And suddenly, after hearing those words, Adem began to feel an even greater form of healing take hold of him. His heart opened up for the first time he could remember in a very long time. Warmth and energy flowing from his core to revitalise his flesh and bones in a way he had not experienced since long ago. It reminded him again of that night at Bright: when his transformation first began. But also, he then understood the true capacity of a cure to return not only his mind, but also his heart and soul to full health. It seemed this unusually prepared potion had the capacity to do just that. Combined with Jean’s loving words, but also a kind of spiritual healing that reminded him of his old dedication and service to his one true Lord and Master. His devotion to God. It seemed he had been forsaking that dedication for a very, very long time. During so many years spent with a sick mind and evil corroding his heart. In the grip of that burning claw of ice that crushed with such venomous hate!
He understood then that defeating the Jinn-Lord would require this blend of vital elements. Medication. The love of his wife, family, and friends. But also, and most important of all, he had to make his peace with the Creator. Ask for forgiveness for all the terrible sins he was responsible for, but also to ask for the strength of mind, and heart, and will, to dominate and overcome the terrible allure of the Shadow.
 He knew that if he did not receive this blessing from the Lord, he would surely fall victim to the clutches of the Jinn-Lord. Just as his poor dear son Pendral had become such a helpless pawn of the Shadow’s manipulations and mind control before him. Despite this knowledge, at the moment he did not have the courage to even begin such a conversation with the Creator. 
He was ashamed and wretched. Confused and downhearted. Despite the glowing burning magnificence that was beaming throughout his every fibre. More and more as he held Jean in that soft and loving embrace. If it had only been Jean present then and there, he believed he might have even broken down to tears. Instead he quivered in her arms, doing his best to hide it from all that were looking upon them. He sensed Jean also on her best efforts to uphold the dignity of the Blue Water Dragon.
‘I love you, Jean Highlander. I love you more than words could ever tell.’
As the music continued and the other women clapped and cheered in jubilation, Jean sent through the kigare only two words; I know.

***
As Rayne and Adem continued their walk towards visiting the Druid, Allor, Rayne was still revelling in the effects of the miracle potion. Not only as a powerful stimulant, with waves of drowsiness and euphoria occasionally washing over him, but also the alarmingly positive effect it was also having upon his mind.
Despite the awe-inspiring extravagance of pleasure and empathy that he was experiencing, he also felt perhaps saner than he had felt at least since harnessing Angel-Magic during his time spent in the ancient past. As here too, the taint felt cleansed. There were no shadow eels of corruption coursing through the lightning in his veins. Even now while he was still just sensing for Angel-Magic, rather than drawing upon it. Despite the urgent temptation with which he perceived teron just beyond his reach.
Even without touching Angel-Magic, he felt that at this point, even if the Hex-Warlords and Hex-Keepers had attacked while they were somewhat weakened by drowsy effects of the potion, the strength he would have in teron and his capacity to draw so deeply from it would make it easy enough for him to smash his enemies into submission or defeat. He considered perhaps this was the only reason the Jinn-Lord had not yet sent his Servants to attack them at this point in time.
While Adem walked listening to his musical device, Rayne became somewhat intrigued by it. He asked if he could take a look at the machine that had inspired Pendral Dragon-Sword to invent the first Komputah so very long ago.
‘The name seems to have been lost in translation somewhat,’ Adem explained. ‘Perhaps a result of our accents. The true name for it is a computer, starts with a “c” and ends in an “e” and an “r”. This was also used for communication back home. It’s basically a computer phone.’
Rayne investigated the code within the flat crystal screen encased with metal. Rayne had been able to read the system codes for many of Komputah’s devices from an early age. Some link to his father’s magic, and he used this now—with assistance from Odin and Tohka Reiden—to replicate the music and singers within the device. Amplifying it across the air surrounding Adem as they walked.
His grandfather was spellbound by the occasion. Raising his arms and moving in circles as he gazed at the grey stone ceilings. Those flat rectangular hallways where they walked occasionally supported by thick pillars of stone, often dark, but others beige coloured with symbols of colour, inscriptions, writings, and other images. Heavily armoured guards often seen patrolling in the distant light of lamps.
Adem was still in this trance like state when Rayne suddenly pressed a firm hand to his chest to hold him from taking another step. They both gazed at the stone and red carpeted hallway a foot ahead of them—that had been solid ground a moment before—to see a wide gaping pit that was very deep and lined with tall thick stone spikes sticking up from the base.
It was another example of the unbalance of space and time since Elarja had entered the Arch, but it was also enough for Adem to comment with a disturbed expression, ‘The Jinn-Lord must be having some influence there also.’ He then thanked Rayne and said that he was very grateful before they both floated across the chasm on Odin Wings to land and walk on the flat surface beyond.
At that moment that Rayne allowed his spirit to drink in some of the seemingly pure springs of teron, his drowsiness vanished. He was suddenly extremely revived and alert. Apparently, some negative side effects would vanish during the time that they held Angel-Magic.
Rayne allowed the music and singing to play once more, but only after he said; ‘Please try to stay a little more alert, grandfather.’ Adem nodded with wide blue eyes glaring with health but also stark dread burning. 

*** 
When Adem entered the Druid’s chemistry chamber, the glass flasks and bubbling gourds under flame were still busy preparing fresh batches of potion, but Allor was nowhere to be seen. Adem called his name, as he smelled something in the air that brought back old memories, and his concern grew at that point.
When Allor stepped out from behind a red curtain with a large brown bowl pipe between his teeth, he approached Adem and Rayne to hold open a leather pouch that contained a green substance—the source of the odour, mixed with fine tobacco—that also made Adem’s eyebrows rise. 
‘It’s called menuhybe,’ Allor began saying, ‘a kind of medicinal— ’
‘I know what it is,’ Adem replied, cutting the man off mid-speech. ‘I have used its kind back home, and my psychiatrist insists it is at the core of the onset of my condition—that and a variant of this chemical compound you call a curing potion—and I can honestly tell you I don’t recommend you or anyone else smoking it.’ Despite those words, Adem was suddenly more than a little tempted to try a puff.
‘I find it is remarkably invigorating, but also relaxing,’ Allor replied with a hurt expression. ‘More importantly, I use it to reverse the stimulating effects of the potion. It helps me settle down to sleep. I must tell you, Lord Adem, I have also ordered that vast plantations be set up as part of the ongoing treatment to compliment my potion. The Eva’Hahlen have already been assisting their rapid growth.’
‘Burn the crops,’ Adem replied in a stern tone.
‘That seems a tad drastic,’ Allor replied with greater caution, and then he turned to Rayne to ask, ‘Would you like to try some?’
‘He can certainly do without it,’ Adem said with a sweeping gesture of his right hand. ‘I’m sure you will find with sufficient testing that this is not good for anyone suffering a mental illness. As you are our Master Druid, and the first to create a sufficient potion, I will allow you to use it in moderation. But the crops must be destroyed. That is my order.’
‘Very well, my Lord Dragon. It will be as you command.’
‘I also wanted to discuss the hypnotic effects of this potion. Particularly the drowsiness.’
‘Have you allowed yourself to touch Angel-Magic?’ Allor asked with glistening dark eyes.
‘Only for a short time,’ Adem replied.
‘Reach for it now,’ Allor said. ‘Then try to describe to me how you feel.’
Adem and Rayne both reached for a portion of the vast torrents of teron available to them while under the effects of the potion. Adem instantly felt extremely alert. More capable and quicker in his wits and potential reflexes. His thoughts were immediately clearer. Vision sharp and every detail of the Druid’s features more greatly defined.
‘I feel much better,’ he admitted.
Allor smiled, before he replied, ‘When you hold Angel-Magic your senses will adjust accordingly. Your drowsiness should vanish in an instant. I am sure you can sense the potential for causing damage with such vast amounts of teron available to you.’
‘That is a positive!’ Rayne said. ‘Could I just try one puff, grandfather?’
‘One puff only, Rayne.’ 
While Rayne and Allor shared more than a few puffs, Adem began to get anxious to return to his friends and talk more while in this state. His recent revelation about his obligations to the Lord made him desperately need further counsel from Carl, who was all knowledgeable on such matters. At least much more than Adem.
He nodded to Allor after saying, ‘Carl will see you in the morning to discuss modifications to the preparation methods. Otherwise, I commend you on a job well done.’
‘I fear Lord Carl will be sleeping in, after a long night spent awake and talking with his dearest friends,’ Allor replied again with that assuring grin.
There were seven Alit’aren also present in the chamber. Seated or standing along the sides of the room in their black coats and trousers. Each man was showing the effect of also sampling the potion, and supplies were being delivered every hour that a fresh batch could be created. Sent to the most crucial defences throughout the fortress. With possession demons gaining strength, they needed every wielder as sane as could possibly be.
Another host of Alit’aren, Aldebrands and Ael Tarael also guarded the door and hallway beyond the Druid’s lab. Adem spoke kind words to each of them with a growing sense of responsibility when he saw the way they stared back at him. So full of hope for four strangers from a distant land—and a place in which they were once as helpless as any mortal of Kismeria—whom this world had prayed to arrive since the Dawn of Ages.

*** 
Carl was counting the number of angel figurines carved upon the cornices of the smoking chamber, for the forty-seventh time, when Adem and Rayne returned. The potion was having a severe effect upon Carl’s state of mind. Not just in a positive way in regard to it having reversed the mental illness that had been taking hold of every one of them, but it was also strong in its euphoric capacities to the extent that at times he felt quite hypnotised, and other times he felt about as alert as a ferret racing down a rabbit hole!
He noticed the change in Adem’s face when he first walked back in the room. Carl had sensed the change when it first took hold. Waves of emotion had been shared between them, yet Carl was still unsure what it was all about.
Adem and Rayne sat back on chairs beside Carl and Wil, but suddenly Adem asked that he and Carl be given some time to talk alone. The other two men stood to make their way to chairs alongside Tobin, Orion and Arig, just as Elarja and his father Rodin Cloud-Walker also entered, the two men also showing in their facial expressions that they had also tasted the potion.
‘I need to talk to you about some important matters,’ Adem began, as Carl urged him on, saying, ‘I guessed you might. Please, ask away.’
Adem sat with his fingernails clutching the padding of the blue armchair like claws clinging on for dear life with a tense expression before he asked, ‘What is it that you dream of mostly?’
‘I dream of a lot of things, Adem. I dream of my wife and daughter; our lives together, and also all sorts of silly things that don’t seem to matter when I wake up. Why? What do you dream of most?’ Carl had omitted some details there, and he was expecting Adem’s answer to be exactly what he then heard.
‘I dream of Bright, Carl. Every night I dream of our experience at Bright, that night.’
‘Tell me more.’
‘It’s not always the same, but it is always about a haunting, and usually a haunted house. Since first arriving in Kismeria I have dreamt of other things concerning the fate of this world, but you could say my recurring nightmare ever since that night is a re-enactment of being haunted by the Ghosts of Bright.’
‘I admit, Adem, I have had similar recurring dreams since that night also.’
‘I knew it!’ Adem said as if he had discovered a precious relic that pleased him immensely. ‘Do you wake in a fit of horror or sometimes just remain asleep while that paralysing fear takes hold? Do you feel helpless to do anything but drink in the fear of sensing pure evil in your presence?’
‘I can’t rightly say, Adem. Perhaps it is a bit of both.’ He didn’t particularly like where this was going, and he wondered what Adem might be trying to get at.
‘The point is those nightmares are reflections of our internal scarring. Scars upon our psyche. Due to our horrific experience at Bright. Don’t you agree?’
‘Perhaps,’ Carl admitted.
‘And so, if we are all scarred in this same way, it is physical proof of the psychological damage of that “real experience”. Something that was in no way imagined or a delusional state of mind. It was in fact a true miracle of proof of the supernatural. I’m just reminding you of this so that you can take that in and consider that perhaps we actually were chosen for this mission, back then. Selected by fate to become who we are. I believe that experience is what makes us strong enough to face the Jinn-Lord.’
‘I understand what you are trying to say. About destiny. About us being the Chosen. It’s all very possible. Perhaps even quite likely, but that is not all you wish to discuss with me. I know that much.’
‘You are very perceptive, Carl, as always. The truth is I don’t really know how to explain what I’m experiencing right now, but to sum it up, call it a hope for redemption for my life of many sins.’
‘You wish to enter Heaven when you die?’
‘Doesn’t everyone? Even those that don’t have faith expect to go to Heaven if there is such a place. But I don’t like my chances to be quite honest. When Pendral wounded me, I thought I died. What I saw, was being dragged down into the pits of Hellfire. Up until now I have been almost accepting of that fate, but now I wonder, don’t I deserve better? It’s true I’ve taken many human lives, but it always seemed to be for the greater cause of saving an entire world. There is so much weight of responsibility placed upon the four of us. Sometimes it is very hard to understand the right and most just course of action.’
‘I know only too well just exactly what you mean.’ They both paused for a time, mulling over those thoughts until Carl felt the urge to warn Adem of something, but it was also risking much. ‘I have to tell you something, Adem, about what I saw the second time I entered the Arch. It’s very important.’
‘Do not utter a word of what you saw,’ Adem replied. ‘You know it is forbidden to discuss such things. I’ve even done some research into the prophecies surrounding discussion of what is witnessed inside the Arches. What it shows you is a vision of the future in some cases, and when those secrets are told, it causes holes and trenches to form in the pathways of what was intended as the true destiny, the Lord’s plans. These trenches grow into canyons the more the truths are told. Disrupting fate as the true timelines fall and are dragged into those gaping holes, often bringing the influence of the Jinn-Lord into the true path to potentially catastrophic results.
‘Whatever it is, I don’t want to hear it. I’m sure it is very important if you wish to tell me, but please keep it to yourself. We all have to try to find the best path based on what each of us has witnessed.’
‘Those are very wise words indeed, Adem.’ Carl decided to keep that knowledge to himself for now, though his need to confess what he had seen was eating a vast hole inside his soul, as a deep pain began to grow within his heart.

*** 
Adem waited for Carl to continue the conversation, and after a time he narrowed his gaze to say, ‘Let’s talk more about your hopes of salvation. You know I can’t provide you with an all-powerful soul cleansing invocation to grant you the Lord’s good favour. Even if it were in my power I do not believe in that kind of tradition. I do not think that is the best course of action.
‘I believe you must try to work things out for yourself. Have you prayed at all since we returned to Kismeria? Have you ever asked God to forgive your sins?’
‘I only really know the Lord’s prayer,’ Adem admitted. ‘And I’m not really accustomed to having a deep conversation with the Lord. But right now, with my mind clear of any illness, I’m asking myself, “Don’t I deserve better than eternity in Hell?” Aren’t I worthy of salvation, after all the good I’ve done in this world?’
‘We are judged for the good and the bad, Adem. Every word. Every thought. Every action. I still believe it is possible for you to redeem yourself for what you have done, the lives you have taken. If it were not possible, I might be just as worthy of damnation, so I have to believe there is hope. We have all done good things in this world, but we have all committed terrible acts also, whether we believed it was right or necessary at the time.’
‘So how much hope is there?’ Adem asked. 
‘I can’t answer that for you, Adem. It is up to God to judge us all. But perhaps by continuing our quests and possibly reaching the outcomes we strive for, we can balance the good with the bad, and hope for a positive result at the day of judgement. We cannot escape our own deaths. It is inevitable, even for immortal kind. What we will see and experience after life is the great adventure, the unchartered territory. 
‘I can also tell you that everything I was taught as a child tells me that if we receive the blessings and forgiveness of God, and are allowed to enter Heaven, death will not be such a heavy burden. Some say it will be paradise beyond imagining. I don’t know if that is all true, but you have to admit it sounds better than Eternal Hell.
‘I also believe you will make your peace with God before your time is due. You just have to work out the right way, and the right time. After you let go of all that anxiety and suffering. Accepting that in most cases what you did was necessary, even if it was not right.
‘The last point is that as a Christian we believe that only through worshipping Jesus can we reach our goal of Eternal Salvation. You don’t often talk of Christ, and I don’t believe you often pray to him either. My belief is that you also need to make your conversations with the Son of God deeper and more prevalent. Our teachings suggest that is the ultimate way to hope for forgiveness of sin.’
There were many words of truth in that for Adem to consider, not only the doctrine that he already knew quite well, but perhaps required reminding of, but also Carl’s knowledge that there was a block in Adem’s heart and soul that kept him distant from the two Spirits that he should have worshipped and cherished as most Sacred. Even in this world where the Great Angels so often seemed his greatest allies.
‘I will do my best,’ Adem said.
‘Try to get some sleep, soon. I know you are wide awake right now, but hopefully putting your head on a pillow will bring pleasant dreams, now that your mind is clear.’

*** 
Adem did not wish to retire at this stage however, and so, after more important talk, Carl reached for his obsidian spear. The chunky dark glass felt warm in his grip as the increased flows of teron slid into the rod, that began to glow and emanate a hot crimson light. Carl began to hum to himself in slow almost silent prayer that began to sound like a chant, growing in volume as Adem also began to wield Angel-Magic into his emerald blade. The weapon now unsheathed and seated across his lap as his sword also began to glow and resonate with the flows of teron. Filling it with new strength and enchantment. The two weapons becoming more powerful Resting Points for their Battle Angels, but also more deadly conduits of force to unleash against their enemies.
After a time, with the other men gathered in the room looking upon their work with some wonder and admiration, Orion and Tobin began a chant of their own in deep rhythmic voices that spoke of their immortal lineage. Their song was joined by Elarja and Rodin, and then Rayne too began to sing in the ancient Nordic tongue, that was translated to Carl’s mind via Math Mathonwy. His Battle Angel now also quite awake and aware of the transformation to his Resting Point. Carl sensed a growing connection with the Angel, but also a steady increase in the attacking strength of Math. His endurance, and also providing a sort of cleansing to the taint that had afflicted them for a thousand years and more.
As the song of the immortal blood began to fill the chamber, Carl sensed that his spell of improving Angel-Magic of his weapon was being studied and copied by the other men in the room. Each held their own blade or spear or axe, including Wil, and the very air began to seemingly hum with the resonance of Angel-Magic. It filled the room and the men who were wielding it.
Carl was unsure why he had begun the process. He had only worked at improving his weapons a number of times the first time he was here, and his knowledge of the concept was vast due to his memories from the Arch, but he had not spent much time considering the value of such improvements. It required a heavy store of ki’mera from each of them, and this was a part of the sense of that force that filled their every fibre. A connected feeling shared amongst them as they worked with teron to multiply the potential for this act of enchantment, that was seeming to amplify beyond the very walls. Aldebrands and Alit’aren began to enter the room with cautious expressions. They would feel the weight of that link of teron, and perhaps fear its potential for destruction.
The other Alit’aren in the room also had drawn their blades and joined in the ritual. Each man harnessing vast flows of Angel-Magic to dramatically enhance the weapons for destructive force. But also healing and rejuvenation spells. Shield-Spells and teleportation. It was making each man in this room a level apart from most others. Perhaps even more than General Tarz and his closest advisors, as the increased power of the weapon added to the wielding capacity of the one who held it. Effectively creating stronger Magicians.
The intoxicating potency of the potion also added to the state of heightened awareness, while providing a wellspring of teron to draw from. Aiding the guidance of the Angel-Magic with ever increasing intensity. A sensation similar to feeling an incredible building of mass and gravity within the weapon. Within his soul, and within their shared connection throughout the chamber. Dominating their hearts and minds as time slowed to hours within seconds. Days within minutes. Each breath seemed to be a great exertion under the labour of withstanding that incredible mass and weight.
There was no need for them to link to increase the strength of the Angel-Magic, though they were connected in a new way, unlike anything Carl had experienced before. A bond of mind and spirit, as the energies harnessed and controlled by each of them was shared amongst them and flowed into their enchanted weapons. A searing blistering magic that coalesced in the very air about their heads. Driving their focus and fuelling their power source. It was electrifying! Every part of his skin was tingling with brightness, as he harnessed more of the Angel-Magic. Teron filling him to excruciating and magnificent harmony.
If the Hex-Warlords chose to attack them now, despite their focus on their work, Carl knew he would smash them into oblivion. Perhaps even ridding this world of their corruption, once and for all. Yet he knew they would not dare attack at this moment, although Pendral and the rest were surely aware of the vast amounts of Angel-Magic that was flowing through the men in this room. Enough to vanquish a nation of warriors with one gesture. Level mountains with Fire-Magic. Create floods with Water-Magic. Rip the great trees from their roots in a blast of Air-Magic. With Earth-Magic they could reshape this land again, as it had been done during the Age of Chaos by thousands of mad Alit’aren on a rampage.
Carl’s chest was aflame with a cool bright white burning. Searing his heart and soul with cleansing purity. Coolness flowing down through his body and into his bones. Turning flesh to frozen crystals. His blood flowing warm and rich with currents of teron in his soul. His vision appeared trapped behind layers of glass. Flooded with waves of water. Soaking his view of the glowing weapons and the men that were chanting in proud Nordic Tongue, until that glass view appeared to shatter! He lost control of the Angel-Magic, but not to the result of danger to those around him. It was simply an ending to this level of spell wielding, as he looked down upon the dark spear to see it glowing with new runes of burning gold. Actually, formed of real gold that had grown within the weapon during the transformation, though he did not understand fully what this meant. Only that the incantation had altered the very make up of some parts of the obsidian spear. He sensed also that it had turned the weapon to almost unbreakable components.
While they were resting Adem asked, ‘Do you think this new enchantment will enable you to exorcise these possession demons that hold our friends as captives more easily?’
Carl gripped the weapon, allowing the new levels of Angel-Magic to flow through him via the enchantment and the enhancing nature of the potion before he replied, ‘It will require something stronger also. I took note of the strength of those demons that possessed Rayne’s friends when we exited the Arch. I believe it will require the Fists of Odin; or something of similar strength in teron to assist me to drag those demons out.’
Taking a moment to discuss this silently with their Battle Angels, Arawn soon confirmed to Carl via Math that Pendral had been gifted the Fists of Odin during the Age of Chaos, and that they had not been seen or heard of for hundreds of years. When Carl discussed this fact with Adem, Elarja approached and suggested, ‘Perhaps we can risk another visit to the past to try to achieve this goal,’ his immortal hearing missed nothing. ‘But I have seen great dangers associated with this also, of which I will not speak. It is however also my belief that Adem must obtain the Fists once more, or another item of great wielding capacity, if he is ever going to be able to defeat Pendral.’
‘Getting our companions back safely is most important, right now,’ Adem replied. ‘We shall all have a good rest, and then I will return to Pendral to discover where he placed the Fists. Arawn says he knows they were last seen with Pendral when my son was around two hundred and thirty years of age. It is possible he hid them, but our Battle Angels know nothing more than this fact that they were not seen after this year.’
‘This must be the last time we attempt to interfere with Pendral in the timelines,’ Elarja insisted. ‘I fear the potential for great tragedy if we make a mistake in our goals.’
‘I must continue to get to know my son while he was a young boy, and later as a young man,’ Adem replied in earnest. ‘It seems the only way we can win him back.’
‘You must believe me that the dangers are too great, Adem Highlander!’ Elarja’s voice was tinged with cold fury, a hint of a threat there also, as Carl stared up into the eyes of the ancient immortal. Adem seemed severely distressed by this revelation, as they had not all shared all of the lessons that they had learnt through their recent experience in the Arch. Carl was actually quite sympathetic towards Adem in this regard, as he knew and also felt how important it was to him to try to teach Pendral the ability to love his father.

Chapter 5


Age of Chaos

Adem arrived at the exact year he was intending to visit in the past, early on during the Age of Chaos. The name was fitting when he looked upon the land surrounding the location where he landed—a ledge of stone overlooking what had once been grass fields—to see miles of earth scorched with Angel-Magic. Deep crevices in the earth where stone had risen. In some places forming small mountains that had never stood here before. He knew this from the year he had travelled through this region on his way to Morgrahl Kordahn in the Southlands, and there had been forests nearby also back then. On this day all he saw was the ruin caused by madmen Alit’aren.
A host of warriors were scouting the fields, and Adem and Carl looked upon them with caution as their leader began to approach on horseback, with a score of warriors on his heels to protect their commander. Carl was the only one he brought with him on this mission, as Elarja said his farewells and returned to the true present in a flaring coloured sphere of energy. Carl had insisted on being there to protect Adem when he confronted Pendral, as there was no way of knowing how his son would react to seeing his father after over a hundred-year absence. 
The leader of the patrol was a thin faced immortal named Lendrenel Altorablus. Dark Torvellen eyes with a golden helmet with dragon wings rising from the temples. The man wore dark armour speckled with gold. Decorated with some fine gems in the shape of a small dragon with ruby eyes. Obviously from a House connected with that of Orion Demon-Slayer, as the attributes of lineage often dictated their allegiance to a certain Rohjor. More to the point, he was also Torvellen, although the variance of Nordics and Torvellen being of the Wolf, Fox, Lion or Dragon Rohjor was another puzzle he had never quite understood.
The man seemed quite astonished when Adem and Carl introduced themselves, though those Torvellen eyes had definitely not missed their arrival, nor would he have mistaken Elarja for anyone other than the Time Strider before witnessing the man’s disappearance via the Time Stones.
Lendrenel explained politely that there had been significant demon-sign in this region for many years, and that these patrols were kept up to rid the lands of the threat against village folk. He also gave sound intelligence on the whereabouts of Pendral at this point in time. 
Apparently, he had been spending many years in the region further south of here, particularly Valmeron, where it was said he had found a second home for himself. Adem was also more than a little nervous to hear that Pendral’s mother, Isabelle, had also taken up residence in the Palace of Valmeron. Lendrenel’s eyes seemed to visibly detect Adem’s discomfort over the notion of meeting the Ruhalden Princess once again.
‘I have spoken with Lady Isabelle many times, Lord Adem,’ the man remarked, ‘and I must say there is no other man she speaks of with a higher regard. Except for her dear son, of course.’
Adem swallowed a hard lump in his throat before he croaked, ‘Thank you for your kind words, Lieutenant! Now my friend and I must depart.’ And with those words, Carl formed a Portal-Spell to carry them from this place to a small forest on the edges of the city of Valmeron, with only a wave farewell to the men that stood gaping as their forms became transparent, to return to solidity hundreds of miles further south.
This forest also showed signs of the rampage of madmen wielding Angel-Magic. Huge trees lay strewn across the forest floor, ripped up whole by their roots. Some shattered and splintered in places, and the heart of the forest was blackened from many fires. There was nothing in their senses that detected the presence of demons hiding their forms in shadow however, and so they waited within the forest for a time, watching the flow of carts and wagons that were lined up to enter the city under the great portcullis. Obviously, there was some delay, as the lines were long and slow in progression.
One thing Adem could confirm with his senses; was that Pendral was indeed inside those city walls. His connection to his son via that terrible scar on his chest indicated the fact with a fierce, throbbing, burning pain the longer they stood there waiting for the sun to set. It was a glorious spectacle to see the golden ball sinking on a raw red horizon that also seemed to resonate the disastrous nature of this Age, as if the Jinn-Lord had his grips on the very atmosphere and perhaps far beyond that point into infinite space. 
Adem tried to tell himself it was just his imagination, and perhaps his illness creeping in, and so, with a nod to Carl, they both took their first sip of potion for the day. After having a rather long sleep in the night before; and spending a number of hours during the day just testing how long they could manage without taking more of the intoxicating fluid.
They had brought enough to last a few weeks maybe, if they rationed it carefully, and it only took a short time to realise—from the effects creeping up on them—that this was in fact an even stronger batch than they had sampled the night before. The realisation dawned on them when the warm tingling sensation that took over their minds and bodies also began to make them both giggle and whisper to one another incoherently. It was difficult to then pinpoint what had seemed so amusing in the first place, but the evidence was clear they would need to harness a small flow of teron to return their senses to true focus.
The risk in this of course, was that it would alert Pendral to Adem’s exact location, and if the timelines had already altered to the extent that Pendral no longer trusted his father, or in fact intended to murder him, the risks suggested they would need to endure the effects of the potion at least until they began to level out naturally. 
Suddenly a horrifying squeal as loud as a Giant’s roar was blasting through the trees to the southwest! Adem and Carl looked there in stunned terror to see a massive black figure charging towards them on all fours. Hooves pounding the forest floor as trees were cracked, smashed, and torn from their roots in the wake of the enormous beast!
Carl raised his spear with an expression that suggested even his magic might not be able to save them, but in the seconds that the trees several hundred feet ahead of them were smashed apart to reveal the long-tusked snout of a gigantic black boar, Adem became aware of the creature’s connection to his son. For that reason: he knew it was also a part of his own unique magic.
In the moments that the creature crossed that distance, while Carl fired several blasts of hot magma at the demon-pig, Adem understood only he could destroy it. A moment later he used his mind into matter manipulation to form a spear stretching almost the remaining distance between them and the pig. A shaft of obsidian darkness that glowed hot crimson as the beast drove its own skull deep upon the giant glistening blade tip! The pig had attempted a last moment skid through the dirt, smaller trees stripped of their foliage bent in odd shapes before it became one with the spear. The weapon had simply appeared from thin air to hover yet stand horizontal as an impenetrable force. It ended the life of the monster in a floating apparition of glowing red dust.
‘I’m bloody glad you figured that out in time!’ Carl bellowed, just as Portal-Magic of blue flame appeared within the centre of the space that the giant boar had occupied only moments before. From that burning portal Adem’s son stepped out in Alit’aren black. Looking much younger than the madmen they both knew so well. Dark eyes glistening with love and admiration for his father, and a longing to be reunited with him.
‘Father, you have returned!’ Pendral shouted with joy in a deep tone. Arms stretched wide as if for an open embrace, though he still stood some distance away. ‘It has been so very long I began to wonder if we would ever meet again. Now you are home again, and my heart is gladdened to extremities.’
‘It is good to see you too, my son.’ Adem was amazed to see his son as the same man he knew, yet the sanity in his eyes showed a different person entirely from the creature he so feared and loathed to confront in recent battles. Battles many years in the future from this day where they stood now and looked upon each other with deep affection. He marched right up to Pendral and wrapped his arms around him. Leaning his head back to stare right into those pitch-black eyes that shone with such emotion of love and compassion, though of course also tinged with the threat of madness from his corruption via so many years of wielding Angel-Magic. 
‘I sensed you, of course, the moment you arrived, Father. I was unsure of whether I should go to you immediately. I was torn with emotions of so many years feeling abandoned by you. Please forgive me.’
‘I am the one that needs to be forgiven, Pendral, not you.’ They held each other a while longer until Carl gave a distinct cough that suggested this made even him a little uncomfortable. Adem realised then that it was perhaps because Carl had never visited Pendral as a young boy and did not yet know what a delightful person their most feared enemy could actually be.
‘The boar was a test for you, of course, Father! I knew it was you, yet my fear of a trap by the Hex-Warlords made me decide to send a creature formed with a kind of magic that even they could not have countered, for only the blood of the Blue Water Dragon could have created that remarkable spear. I sensed its making even without seeing it with my own eyes. It was quick thinking.’
‘And if I had not been so quick in my thinking, Pendral, what do you think might have become of the Water Dragon and his dearest companion, Carl Wilder, regarded as the Red Fire Lion of the Sons of Odin?’
‘I knew you would manage it, Father! Just like the time you were able to destroy that dragon that appeared in my chamber when I was just a boy.’
‘Perhaps you may require forgiveness for sending the boar all the same, dear son. But for now, we have important matters to discuss.’
‘There will be plenty of time for talk, Father! First you must return to Valmeron with me, we will talk with Mother, you must know she was bursting to see you the moment I informed her of your arrival. Come now, we will drink and feast and talk of old times. Oh, how I have missed our talks, Father! I have continued to work on a cure for the Schism. I will show you my record books. I have not been entirely successful as of yet, but I am working on it!’
‘I’m delighted, Pendral. But we have other urgent business we must return to very soon. There is little time for other matters I am afraid.’ A look of terrible hurt crossed his son’s face, as Pendral asked, ‘Surely you intend to stay a few months this time? I could not bear another brief visit followed by endless years of waiting on your return. Please Father, come with me and spend some time with dear Mother. She misses you more than me sometimes. I’m certain it is so. Please, Father!’ 
Adem realised he could not simply ask for the Fists and set up a meeting time for Elarja to collect them. He had intended it before he arrived here, but now he knew it was time to make the most of what was likely his last encounter with his son as a sane individual. Perhaps it was the glorifying harmony of the potion also, that was moving his soul into an ecstatic state of bliss and compassion for this son, that made him decide this time he would stay longer than ever before. 
He knew Carl must be disagreeing when making another very audible cough, but Adem ignored his dearest friend as he replied, ‘As you wish, Pendral. We will talk of this important matter in the morning.’ Carl groaned in despair. ‘For now, we will make merry like we have never done so before. Women, wine, music, and feasting! Tell the King and Queen of Valmeron that the Sons of Odin are here, and they wish to light up this city as if it were on fire!’ Adem thought he heard Carl begin to sob. ‘It is time to start a party like this land has never seen before! We will tear down the Heavens and dredge up Hell if we have to, but we are going to turn this into a night we will never forget!’ Carl finally made a deep and sympathetic sigh of resignation to not disagree any further.
‘Splendid, Father, splendid indeed!’ Pendral appeared overly delighted once more, as he opened a Portal-Spell for them to step through, at which point Carl coughed again—no doubt in fear that it could in fact be a direct doorway to Hell if Pendral was already not to be trusted—but Adem had to show his son some further signs of trust. So, he walked towards the Portal-Magic and glanced back at Carl before stepping through to beckon him also.
‘I’ll follow you with my own Portal if you don’t mind.’ His tone hardly phrased it as a question.
‘Suit yourself, Carl Wilder!’ Pendral bellowed with affectionate glee, yet in his deep proud tone. It leads to my Mother’s chambers; we will see you there.’ Adem looked to Carl again and gave a deep shrug with a giddy grin, though Carl looked grievously concerned.

***
Carl waited for Adem and Pendral to disappear before forming his own Portal-Spell, after locating them via his sense of Adem, and also waiting for Adem to confirm via their Battle Angels that there was evidently no trap waiting for them, other than the trap of being in Isabelle’s chambers.
He followed then to step through the Portal-Magic and appear in a large pale blue stone waiting room, big enough to fit his own backyard, furnished with ornate polished timber furniture carved with lions, griffons and of course, dragons for the arms of chairs, legs of tables, candelabras in glowing silver and even etched in gold upon the crockery. There was of course, no White Foxes, or any foxes to be seen anywhere in the entire chamber, that had its own double-sided fireplaces, roaring despite it being a warm night, with dragon hearths and mantles in blue marble! It was disgustingly breathtaking. 
He listened in on the conversation in the next room to be certain there was no trap waiting for them, hearing only Isabelle’s delighted tone exclaiming how thrilled and excited she was to have her darling heart returned to her and her son also present on such a day. When he heard Adem mumbling—possibly with a face full of Isabelle’s breast—that he was also very pleased to be returned to his—illegitimate!—family, Carl decided to knock at the door and give Adem a chance to breathe. When Pendral opened the door with a bright and charming grin, Carl stepped in to see Adem and Isabelle still in an embrace, though Adem’s head was gaining some distance from Isabelle’s bosom in a strained effort to free his body from her grasp.
Isabelle turned and gave Carl a nod of indifference, before turning back to Adem with eyes of burning glee as Carl returned a slight bow, or rather tilt of his head that was not in any way noticed by the Princess!
The rest of the evening was a bit of a blur for Carl, and no doubt for Adem also, as the medication really started to kick in that next hour or so, with Adem up on the feast tables dancing and singing—making a proper fool of himself—though Carl felt a little groggy early on and did his best to maintain some dignity.
However, by the following hour both Carl and Adem were like a tornado sweeping through the city of Valmeron. High spirited to the max! They drank, feasted; danced with pretty women to the music that played throughout the city streets as they made their way from one alehouse or inn, to the next, and the next one, and so on.
Carl thought the people of Valmeron would have seen the two of them as some kind of enigma, not just for knowing who they were by reputation, but they seemed spellbound by the intoxicated state the two men found themselves in. Eyes large and wide and full of pleasure as they turned Valmeron into a scene of celebration—as Adem had put it more or less—“like never before”.
Things were seeming to be going reasonably well for them however, until the early morning hours when Carl stumbled along a rather rat-infested stone paved street. It led into a laneway with perhaps the most disreputable looking bunch—occupying the space—that he had ever laid eyes on. Men in dark tattered clothing, some looking like they were wearing a potato sack dusted with soot. They were dirty, sweaty, and their eyes burned with the darkness of evil intent. 
Adem was still singing with his arm around Isabelle, likely also stroking her bottom, and Pendral followed close behind, though when Carl looked back to see if their patrol guards and the Aldebrands they had recruited were still following, he realised then that they must still be back at the last inn—remembering how the four of them had deliberately snuck off on them through a back alley, after deciding they were not much fun if they refused to take any wine or ale—and he harnessed teron instinctively as four of the men charged for him with large knives raised to strike!
Pendral was much swifter in his response however—despite having drunk twice as much as Carl and Adem put together—crossing the distance as a blur before Carl’s eyesight. His blade of blue flame drawn to hack the first one down with a horizontal slice through his bowels. The second one was skewered through the heart by the blade. Pendral drawing the weapon to cut the third down with a slice through the right kneecap. The man fell as Pendral spun behind the fourth, his blade burst blinding blue through the man’s chest, then was pulled free a fraction of a second later. Pendral swung the blade to decapitate his victim in a red spray of blood, some of which hit Carl right in the face!
The rest of the dodgy looking fellows dropped their weapons and fled after witnessing that. Carl felt a little shaky in the knees also at the sight of such a bloodbath, the scene only lasting seconds, so fast, that the first had fallen to his knees by the time the fourth had his head cut from his shoulders.
Carl realised in those moments that the only reason Adem had survived a single contest of blades against Pendral, is because despite being corrupt to the point of extreme madness in the true present, Adem was still his father, and Pendral did not have the heart to execute him in the way he had so swiftly dispatched these four Shadowsouled. They had seemed ghastly in their evil intent only moments before the fighting began, but Carl saw that they were helpless puppies against a Demonwolf in that fight. They were nothing but victims to be slaughtered. 
It told Carl that Pendral had loved his father all along, even the first time he ever met Adem—mad and evil and a slave to the Will of the Jinn-Lord—for he had surely loved him ever since he was that young boy that Adem had lately become acquainted with. It meant Pendral had so far just been playing games; and this terrified Carl more than anything he had ever considered about the man.
Music could still be heard from streets nearby, and suddenly Carl detected the sound of many feet charging down the laneway they had entered through. His first thought was relief that the patrol must have heard the fighting and were on their way to rescue them from further danger, but that thought faded as Pendral looked back in that direction with wild eyes as he shouted, ‘Assassins in the streets! Raise the Alarm!’
Carl spun to see dozens of armed men charging towards them as Isabelle began to scream in terror. Carl was quicker this time, with Angel-Magic in his veins his giddy head was now clear. The potion and teron overriding all the alcohol he had consumed, as Adem joined him in a link passed mainly to Carl. Carl hated murdering humans, yet there was no other choice. He knew the right was passed to him because he would know better ways to end this quickly. Or perhaps Adem’s wish for Salvation left it up to Carl to decide what to do next.
He chose a wall of solid flame first. A crimson rectangle appeared a foot deep and thirty paces wide, appearing as the first men charged into it to pass through screaming in horror. Flames melted them to burnt corpses. The rest of the well-armoured warriors gasping and skidding in their boots on the frosted cobbles as Adem made his move, shouting to Carl, ‘Make it a Shield, now!’ Carl saw the reason a moment later, as four Golden Soldiers appeared behind the men. Cannon shaped arms unleashed bars of hot laser light to slice the remaining men into congealed chunks of flesh. Some screaming as their abdomens were cut in half. Hands severed from wrists. Some were sliced down at the knees or through the neck, but the result was a swift massacre. Viewed through Carl’s Shield-Wall that still glowed bright crimson as the lasers struck against it in glowing circles of energy.
When Carl turned back around, what he saw was bodies piled high at his feet and all around, as he witnessed Pendral in the final swift movements of his slaughter of dozens of armed men. Carl and Adem had been so preoccupied with taking out the enemies charging from one direction—and possibly also because of their intoxicated state—that they had completely missed the second attack that came from behind. Luckily Pendral had been there to clean up the mess that would have otherwise caught the two men unawares, to fatal ends no doubt. It was the second piece of evidence that spoke volumes of the extent of Pendral’s swordsmanship. So much so that Adem must have also realised the truth of the matter. Pendral had never intended to kill his father in any of those confrontations during the true present. He wanted the Sons to join forces with him instead. 
This was perhaps the most disturbing realisation of all, yet it gave Carl some hope. Knowing that Pendral would not kill any of them unless he was forced to. It gave them some leverage against an otherwise unstoppable enemy.

***
The next few days were a hard lesson in heavy drinking for Adem. He woke the following morning after the street incident to find his head felt like he had been struck many times with a large mallet. His eyes red and his cheeks blotchy, with a sickly feeling in his stomach and aching muscles. The potion worked miracles to counter his hangover for a few hours, but later the symptoms returned, and he found himself bent over a basin emptying the contents of his stomach for a further three days. He could keep nothing down for long.
The images that kept flashing though his mind however were of that night when he had witnessed the extent of his son’s skills with the blade. His speed and technique, surely outmatching even Orion or Tobin. Despite the other two men having at least a thousand years more experience than Pendral. 
Adem dreaded another confrontation with the blade against Pendral, though Carl had mentioned something that gave him some comfort, the obvious fact that Pendral must have never intended to defeat Adem in any of those swordfights. Pendral was simply playing games with them, and he must actually want to keep them alive, or Adem at least. This meant that if Adem did not give Pendral a reason to kill him, his son would not be forced to utilize that deadly capacity against Adem or his Brothers. It was a minus but also a plus for them to ponder as they continued to seek a method of finally defeating Pendral and the Jinn-Lord. 
Adem’s sore head greatly delayed his important talk with Pendral about finding the location of the Fists of Odin. Every time he left his chambers to walk the halls, he found himself practically abducted by Isabelle’s charms. She would appear around a corner to pounce upon him like a hungry feline. Dark eyes glowing with fervour as she spoke in soft richness of her desires for his flesh! It was almost impossible to escape such onslaughts except by insisting that he needed further rest after that disastrous night of drinking. At which point Isabelle always relented, though she also always assured him she would be waiting for their next encounter of love and romance. To that Adem had no sensible answer, so he would always duck his head and run for safety. Knowing that if he betrayed Jean again his head would be for the chopping block!
Also, Adem and Jean were married now, so things were different to how they had been the first time he had slipped up with Isabelle. Adem had traditional ideas about the sanctity of marriage also. He was at least religious to a certain degree, and he did not believe in adultery. Still it was difficult to resist the affections of one as beautiful, passionate, and persistent as Isabelle the Ruhalden Princess!
By the fourth day he was nearly recovered however, and so he decided it was time to confront his son about the Fists. He was making his way towards Pendral’s chambers when Isabelle darted around the nearest corner to lock onto him like an insect about to devour its prey!
‘Not now, Isabelle, please!’ He shrugged her aside which brought a displeased frown to her visage, dark eyes pleading for affection as she sniffed at the beginning of new tears. This was a common example of their relationship since he arrived at this timeline, and he could not make up his mind about whether he was terrified of her, or whether he secretly enjoyed it. ‘I must speak with Pendral about a very urgent matter.’
‘Is that the only reason you are here? To speak with Pendral and then flit off into another time and place? Abandoning the two us for centuries of longing for your touch and your smile, your kind words?’
‘To be perfectly honest, Isabelle, you’re absolutely right. I’m only here to discuss this important matter with my son, and then it will be time for me to leave again.’
Isabelle’s dark eyes welled with water as her lips began to tremble with emotion, but her gaze then became half vicious, and he knew only too well how that could end. So, he swept her back into his arms, and laid a soft kiss upon her brow that soothed her madness, before he spoke softly into her ear to admit, ‘If there was some way I could stay here and spend the lifetime with you that we both have missed out on, perhaps I would. But circumstances have changed between us, and between me and Jean Fairsythe.’
‘Do not speak that name in my presence!’ Isabelle hissed like a viper frothing with venom. ‘If not for that woman I would have you all to myself. I would not have to fight for a love that I know belongs to me and not her!’
‘It’s more complicated than that, Isabelle. I wish I could explain further, but it could create complications I cannot foresee; perhaps causing irreparable damage to the work we have already done many years from now.’
‘I will hear the truth of this matter here and now, Adem Highlander! You will not hide behind such oaths to society and to fate! Won’t you please tell me why I cannot have you, when I know it is what your heart desires more than anything in this world?’
Adem sighed as he held her in his arms, staring into those penetrating dark orbs that burned with such malevolence and such passion, as he felt the truth of those words eat holes within his very soul. ‘I still love you, Isabelle, I cannot deny those words. I cannot tell you the whole of why it is not meant to be however, despite your right to know the truth. Rest assured you will be told in another time and place, and my memory of your response tells me to hold my tongue here and now, but more than that I must not speak of it for the tragedies those words could unleash.’
Isabelle glared while clutching his wrists and holding them firmly about her slender but voluptuous form; and the touch of his own hands against that tender flesh beneath her golden silk gown was enough to reawaken old passions that were now burning within his chest. He wondered how long he could resist this temptation if he delayed in his mission and remained here for months or years. ‘I’m sorry Isabelle, but I must go.’ He leaned in to kiss her rosy red cheek this time, but she moved her head so that her lips pressed against his own in a wild wet smother! He pulled away, but she would not let him go, they were making a scene in a public hallway! 
He noted the uncomfortable coughs of guards standing nearby. Sensed their looks of disapproval as he fought to escape her kiss! They did not know of his marriage to Jean, no one could know of it, nor could he admit that he had a daughter. The main reason was it could greatly jeopardise Janeanne during those years of childhood—when she first arrived in Kismeria—if Pendral were to have such a warning of her existence. Though the common knowledge throughout Kismeria of the toxic love triangle between Isabelle, Adem and Jean was enough to ensure him these men did not enjoy seeing such a display.
When Adem managed to escape Isabelle for a while he made his way to Pendral’s quarters. He found his son leaning over his desk looking at notes that Pendral later explained were formulas for finding a cure to the Schism within teron and the curse upon terael. Adem looked at the notes and found there were certain vital ingredients missing from the formulas, but he would not tempt fate by giving such clues to Pendral during this Age, as the future mad and corrupt Pendral would likely attempt to destroy every last plant or herb on the face of Kismeria to prevent a cure from ever existing.
Adem considered that his guidance on finding the right formula might also result in his son using the medicine and therefore never falling into the allure of the Shadow, but he did not like his chances. Especially due to his knowledge that Pendral had carried a part of the Jinn-Lord’s curse since before he was even born.
He was about to confront Pendral on the reason he was here, when an Aldebrand burst into the room to frantically salute before saying in a very urgent tone, ‘A host of mad Alit’aren are approaching the city, my lords! Even at a distance the immortals on the walls were able to see the extent of their corruption. We fear they are emissaries of the Jinn-Lord, sent here to destroy the Sons of Odin!’
‘How many are there?’ Pendral asked as Adem gathered his wits.
‘They’re a force of more than four hundred men, my lord! All of them have the look of experienced Alit’aren, not a Seidr’tera or Seidr amongst their ranks by the look of their faces. I fear we may need to evacuate, Lord Pendral. The Sons, you and your mother should go first and foremost.’
‘So, it would seem,’ Pendral mused, a shrewd mind weighing up the odds. ‘Father, we must hurry! Bring Carl Wilder to Mother’s chambers. I will meet you there with a force of wielders and Aldebrands. We shall retreat into the south for now and take up residence at Calicos while we make further plans.’
Adem found it frustrating to run and hide, and considered the possibility that they were being herded towards further dangers, before he asked, ‘Why don’t we stand and fight, son? Even four hundred Alit’aren could be crushed by a link between you, Carl, and me. With our Battle Angels to assist us; we would surely wipe them out.’
‘Are you forgetting the decrees of the White Snow Fox?’ Pendral asked with a troubled gaze. ‘It is forbidden to act in such ways, to take the lives of mad and corrupt wielders when there is another option. We have the chance to escape, in accordance with the decree, and so we shall spare the lives of these men and fight them later if we must!’
‘I see your point, Pendral, but consider that these mad Alit’aren will surely burn this city and all who dwell here to the ground before they are sent to follow us. We would be abandoning these citizens to be murdered if we did not see our duty to stop our enemies in their tracks.’
‘You are truly wise and just, Father, but consider all of those souls. Are you willing to accept that burden? And what of Mother, should we not at least shift her to Calicos to escape this battle?’
‘That may be just what the enemy expects us to do,’ Adem said, suddenly deep in thought as he remembered the last time that he had left Isabelle to be guarded. ‘She will join us on the wall. Let’s get a look at this army of madmen.’
He did not want to answer the question of ‘all of those souls’ and the ‘burden’, but despite his recent revelations, he considered the murder of a few hundred madmen to rest easier on his soul. Rather than allowing the slaughter of thousands of citizens, that would be helpless against such foes.
Again, he was forced to commit murder, and he wondered if that was also a meticulous part of the Jinn-Lord’s continuous scheming. Driving the enemy towards him until he had no other choice than to grind them up like meat. Or burn them to ash, in an effort to save the lives of others he considered worth saving.
What other choice do I have? he wondered.
Again, it seemed this was the only way. He knew Carl would not be pleased to hear it.

*** 
Carl met Adem on the wall, after their Battle Angels communicated the location. What Carl saw upon the fields sent shivers through his bones. His heightened senses and a special Angel-Magic gave him a close-up view of the faces of those cursed men marching towards the city gate. Stricken with conflicted emotions as each one fought for mastery over madness, and in some cases the demon spirit possessing their very souls.
Adem said he could mark out each one currently under the control of a possession spirit, by the dark auras he had mentioned many times before. This helped Carl to confirm the location of each demon, and currently they estimated the four hundred or so men to be controlled by at least fifty possession spirits. They drove the pack forward, controlling the strongest amongst them so that the others followed out of mad fear. This was a technique both Adem and Carl had learnt during their first visit to this world.
They did not send warriors out onto the fields to oppose them. Carl had devised a plan that would be of great risk to the two Sons but would hopefully spare the lives of countless others. Pendral would also be at great risk if he did his part, but Carl was still unwilling to completely trust the man, given his knowledge of the dark curse that had plagued the heart of Adem’s son since before his birth.
After taking a sip each of the miraculous potion—that Pendral noted again with raised brows, as he had done each time that he had seen the men take their daily dose—they morphed onto the fields to land amongst the thick of the madman force. Immediately lashing out with Angel-Magic to send shockwaves of energy blasting in circles around each of the three men, with Pendral at the head and Carl and Adem further back, at the base of a triangular formation. The energies they released took the forms of golden scaled dragons and Carl’s Dark Hounds charging through the masses. Tearing through flesh and bone as the triangle of fire incinerated over a hundred men in the initial strike!
The madmen were overwhelmed by their first attack move, as the three men shifted their locations again to land at the rear of their steady march. At the same time that they released a second blast, the bulk of the mad Alit’aren formed Shield-Domes to deflect most of the second wave of energies, that scorched and flared against their unified barrier. The result of the possession demons forming a link through dozens of Alit’aren. A sign that they were quick to act in defending their ground and their hosts.
Carl saw real terror in the faces of those that were not fast enough to defend themselves. Waves of Angel-Magic blasted flesh from bone, and bones shattered into floating dust particles carried on the storm of energies. In the next instant the Alit’aren under mind control formed their linked retaliation strike. With the ability to sense the build of Angel-Magic within them, Carl, Adem and Pendral shifted again within a heartbeat to avoid being hammered into oblivion by the force that was hurled against them. 
Each had managed a Shield-Sphere before changing positions, to land on the left flank as Adem and Carl summoned their Battle Angels. Arawn and Math appearing in twin lightning bolts that struck the earth and sent ripples of lightning tearing into the enemies’ ranks. Shadow Hounds and Fire Lions appeared in packs of two dozen or more. Pushing helpless souls to the ground to bite off skulls and tear out hearts in a bloodthirsty onslaught. A great thunder cloud formed over the battle, in the same moments that the sun began to slide behind the hills.
The thing that alerted Carl to the increasing danger of the situation was the fact that the sun simply set too fast. A remnant of the displacement of the natural order of the world that had taken part in the true present. A distant future from the time in which they now stood, but the fear that clutched his heart was at the sight of dark cloaked shadows rising within the fields of black coated Alit’aren. Raising rune-marked black blades that glowed like hot blood. Sinister pale faces under dark cowls that drank in the dim moonlight. Many of those Alit’aren had been carrying Jhin-Taps that were hurled at the ground moments before.
Carl attempted to flee with communication sent to Adem and Pendral via their Battle Angels, though Pendral had not yet released any of the Angels he contained within his blade. But the Portal-Magic would not form. There was something blocking them from making their escape. Math moved closer to protect Carl. His Battle Angel also then realised he had lost the ability to fly, and so he too was not able to move Carl from this current location.
Adem and Pendral were still some distance away. Releasing more blasts of Angel-Magic to try to take down the dozens of Souljhin that were appearing on the edges of the Alit’aren formation. The madmen formed another link to strike again with a wave of Angel-Magic that would have torn down a thick forest, as Carl felt Math Mathonwy form a Shield-Sphere to protect him from the attack. The eight-feet-tall man then grasped Carl by the shoulders and proceeded to flee from the battle on foot!
Math was able to move swiftly at a sprint, so fast that the dark night and moonlight battle appeared a blur to Carl’s eyes until he was set down closer to the gates of the city walls. He saw Adem and Pendral flying towards him. He was relieved to see they both still had the ability to do so. But in the next instant he was surrounded by Alit’aren once again. These madmen still had the ability to form Portal-Spells, and suddenly dozens were throwing physical punches at his face that struck the Shield-Sphere still maintained by Math. Fists glowing white hot with teron that flowed from their core. Forcing the sphere to shift and vibrate with a dull hum.
A moment later those closest to him were torn to shreds by Shadow Hounds that appeared from thin air. Feasting and shredding with vehemence in a bloodbath that was horrifying for Carl to witness! He truly wished there were some way to save these men from the murder he and Adem were forced to commit, but it seemed hopeless when faced with also trying to save the lives of thousands more within those city walls. ‘Retreat you fools!’ he shouted at them through the sphere. Knowing they would hear nothing but the mad voices that controlled them, or the voices that madmen hear regardless of whether or not they are possessed. ‘Go home to your families and live out your lives! Do not make me do this! I don’t want this blood on my hands!’ But all he saw was his enemies being ripped apart by Wolves of Elemental Magic that defied the natural order of things. Beings formed of Angel-Magic that were an unstoppable force of retribution and chaos. 
The Souljhin were amongst their ranks too, but they died like the rest. Torn flesh and bone flying in spurts of dark blood. For them, Carl felt no remorse, no pity at all. Whatever those beings once were, they were now nothing more than home-cooked evil right down to their very core!

*** 
Adem swooped to land beside Carl, as Pendral touched down close behind them both. Adem and his son still able to fly due to their unique second ability that was similar to Angel-Magic though it did not require wielding of teron.
Adem did not bother to draw his sword. This contest would require sheer magic to obliterate his enemies, though the plan of the Souljhin and possession demons was now clear.
Arawn and Math hacked at the wedge of Alit’aren with sword and spear glowing like crimson magma; sparks and globs of flame burst from each point of impact. The madmen had suddenly begun a massive link that created a Shield-Block that even the Battle Angels could not penetrate. An invisible wall stronger than titanium six feet deep on all sides!
This was evident as Math and Arawn were much stronger here than Adem and Carl had known of them during their first visit to Kismeria. This was early on during the years following the battle where the Jinn-Lord was imprisoned in Kerak’Otozi, and much of the stolen Battle Angel Magics were returned to earth and sky, forest, and waters. The Elemental Magic of the Old Ways now flowed in the two figures that radiated waves of force beyond the very magic they unleashed. A sense of unstoppable might radiated from their glowing auras, as that now familiar shared emotion of Brotherhood flowed between Adem and Carl and their Battle Angels. A feeling that these two ancient spirits would protect them so long as they were able. The resonance of magic permeated their very souls like some deep rhythmic chant that could be felt more than heard. Music of Angels of the Underworld.
Yet their attacking display was much more than this. Arawn’s cloak of midnight morphed left and right around the Shield-Block—a shadow spectre dominating the field—as his burning blade whirled and cleaved with blurring speeds, unleashing waves of thick magma to pour upwards along the sides of the defences. Math’s cloak flowed along the borders of the barrier like some burning demon-wraith. Hellfire Spear spraying thick crimson bolts that seemed to shake the very earth as they clawed upwards and around the invisible walls.
At the same time that vortex storm-cloud above was now unleashing shafts of flame in the shape of Blades and Spears of bright blues, reds, greens, and gold. Lancing onto the battlefield further out where the bulk of the Alit’aren were regrouping, though those lightning attacks also struck the transparent cube protecting the second link of wielders.
Adem knew that link was requiring all of their strengths to maintain, but he also understood that when their Battle Angels gave up their assault, it would give the madmen the chance to turn those massive links against Carl, Pendral and Adem. To Shield-Trap them and cut them off from teron.
The evidence of this was the fact that their Portal-Spells were no longer working. This also meant that at least some of those wielders were linked together for this very purpose, to cut off even one vital magic spell that would decrease Adem’s chances of defeating them or finding a way to escape. 
The fact that they had also cut off Adem and Pendral’s normal ability to form Wings via Angel-Magic, and also the fact that their Battle Angels were also unable to fly, suggested perhaps the source of this ability was something more than a large host of linked wielders, however. To cut a Battle Angel off from their Angel-Magic would require someone or something of impossible strength in teron.
As Souljhin appeared in groups of twelve on either side of the Shield-Block of wielders, Adem instinctively formed Golden Soldiers of matter manipulation that raised laser cannon arms to cut the Darksouled into charred chunks. Lasers were an effective method of taking down these otherwise almost unstoppable foes, but again this method also required ki’mera. Adem feared there were many more Souljhin waiting to strike.
Adem saw his opportunity to escape, and he shouted to Pendral to return to the city walls as Wings of Odin flared from his shoulders. Adem launched at Carl to scoop him up under the shoulders, lifting him into the sky to soar up into the air and place his friend down on solid stone. Along the walkway looking onto the field of battle where Arawn and Math still fought with unrestrained fervour.
Carl and Adem were still linked with Pendral, and on Adem’s signal the three of them stood together on the wall as they released their full might against those linked Shield-Blocks in torrents of lightning and fire. Though now they also had a chance for Carl to attempt his second phase of this battle plan, to test whether he could cure any of these madmen from their curse while joined in such a powerful link.
With a nod to Adem, Carl began the Angel-Magic necessary to make the attempt, targeting men within the Shield-Block closest to the city wall. Adem watched colourful strands of light begin to surround his friend’s hands, as other beams of energy also poured forth from Carl’s chest. A complex combination of Healing-Magics mixed with some ability to penetrate the Block with such a spell.
This suggested to Adem that Carl may have also been able to use this Angel-Magic to send devastating attacks within the Shield-Spell, though Adem would not question him on it now. He also guessed Carl would prefer not to share such knowledge with Adem, despite how vital it may be in future battles.
Adem provided some assistance to Carl, by pointing out those Alit’aren that were not currently surrounded by dark auras. Suggesting those would be more easily healed than those that were under the control of possession demons.
At the same time that Carl worked his Angel-Magic, Adem watched Arawn grow to immense size, towering over the cube shield to drive his massive blade down through the invisible top of the barrier. Lightning bolts surged downwards around the defences. Red serpents with jaws of flame snapping ferociously. Fire Lions and Shadow Hounds dragged burning claw marks around the base of the walls. Math remaining his normal size though his Spear was unleashing fountains of magma that washed upon the side of the cube with corrosive viscous pulses and flares.
Suddenly the Shield-Block exploded into tiny fragments, visible to Adem as millions of glowing particles. Carl drank a vast portion of teron to aim his Angel-Magic upon a number of the gathered Alit’aren. He was no longer limited in his abilities to perform the necessary Angel-Magic, as the strands of light around Carl’s wrists became purely Healing-Magic. The spell launching across the space to strike a cluster of men untouched by the auras. Adem’s heightened vision watched as the darkness in the men’s eyes lost that fierceness to their gaze. Their expressions changed to fear and uncertainty, before they began to seize their corrupted companions with smaller Shield-Traps of Air-Magic to attempt to disable them from further attacks.
Adem did not command Arawn to finish this smaller gathering of eighty or more madmen. He could see now there was a chance that they could win this battle while still holding faith to the decree Carl had created a millennium ago.
Carl unleashed waves of his Healing-Magics against other madmen on the field. Those with the dark auras attempted to reunite their cluster with a link of Shield-Spells, but those that were suddenly cleansed in mind and soul began to fight back. Some forming Shield-Traps to attempt to capture their fellow Alit’aren, while others lashed out with teron to tear those closest to them apart before they were destroyed themselves. 
What happened next was the most horrifying, however. Dozens more Souljhin began to appear on the flanks of the Alit’aren. Cutting into their ranks with burning rune marked blades that severed limbs, slit throats, or cut down Alit’aren at the knees. The Healed warriors attempted to fight back; hurling spheres of burning light from their fists and open palms. Lightning bolts striking the Souljhin with vehemence, but the enemy were unrelenting in their massacre. Cutting through bodies with the speed and efficiency of a charging herd of bulls.
Pendral took the initiative at this point. Golden Warriors appeared behind the lines of Souljhin, hacking into the demon-men with blades of laser light burning crimson and aqua. The metallic robot type figures were shaped like Adem’s Jade Samurai. Conical Asian travelling hats, though these were formed of pure gold that glinted in the moonlight. Savage machines reducing their victims to burnt slices of flesh and bone.
During this time Adem had been wielding his own Golden Soldiers to aim their laser cannons at the second wedge of wielders, still encased in Shield-Cubes as the beams of energy struck the invisible walls to create large halos of crimson light that up till now were still not able to destroy the defences. Adem honestly did not want to destroy this larger wedge with such destructive forces, though his aim was to delay their approach while Arawn stomped across the field with his blade of light raised high. The lightning storm of the Battle Angel Link still raged, though mostly it was wasted energy to try to intimidate their enemies. Except for the Spears and Blades that struck the increasing number of Souljhin on the field. Vaporizing the dark cloaked menaces as their tainted blades fell on the field in piles of liquid slag.
It was at that point that the potion’s euphoric and other hypnotic type effects began to kick in. Hard. Carl gave Adem an uncertain glance with eyes of thinly blue-ringed black pools, deep and dark as liquid tar, yet crackling with the ferocity of Angel-Magic in his veins. 
Adem felt the same rush coming on strong. He almost felt his balance shift, before teron retaliated against the destabilising effects. His perceptions were suddenly heightened tenfold beyond simply harnessing Angel-Magic. He felt alive like never before. Not realising how strong a batch this one was when so full of ale and wine on their night of revelry. This potion was a behemoth! A monstrosity of limitless potential in harnessing everlasting flows of Angel-Magic, beyond what is fit for human capacity, though as he drank heavily from teron with wild abandon for his own safety, he felt the potion buffering against the dangers of the magic. Increasing his ability to hold such vast stores, similar to being linked with a Battle Angel, or holding an enchanted artefact to assist the filtering of Angel-Magic within the wielder.
The result was enough of teron shared between the three of them to smash this army into dust: if they were able to destroy the second Shield-Cube. Adem suddenly felt the immense pull of responsibility to try to save as many lives as he could, not just for Jean’s decree, and not just to appease Carl, but for his own sake. His soul’s chance of redemption, for salvation!
He communicated his new plan to Carl via their Battle Angels, as he funnelled the bulk of that link into shutting down smaller Shield-Spells, around each of the still quite mad Alit’aren, within the smaller wedge closest to the wall. Carl reacted by increasing his source of teron to wield faster and more intricate flows of Healing-Magic into those souls he thought he had the best chance of curing. Light around Carl began to burn even more brightly, and Adem watched the fields where he saw the faces of men suddenly returning to sanity. The effect soon multiplied like a ripple as more and more Alit’aren began to fight back against the Souljhin onslaught. Lashing out with Angel-Magic or drawing blades to swiftly flow through the forms in defence of their ground. Lightning bolts of pure blue began to fall around those cured men to strike Souljhin, that mostly dodged the Elemental Magic like evasive black vipers. Others were vanquished as blazing blue skeletons, suggesting there were some efficient wielders amongst those that were suddenly cured.
For the most part Pendral stood back and watched, other than to use his source from the link to fuel his Golden Samurai that cut through Souljhin in savage vehemence. Shadow Hounds joined the attacking ranks to shred through armour and flesh. Souljhin helpless to defend themselves before they were hacked to congealed chunks!
There were still possession demons amongst the smaller wedges. Adem marked them out by their strange dark auras, though Carl had already attempted to cure those actually possessed, and seemed unsure of his ability to succeed, as he focused most of his work on the other madmen under influence of their possessed leaders.
There were seven spirits that Adem could make out, and from this point onwards they seemed determined to use the same hosts, as their defenders were swiftly returned to the side of the All-Father, yet the cured Alit’aren seemed unaware of who it was amongst them that was actually being controlled by a possession demon.
They seemed to know the look of madness well enough though, as dozens more Alit’aren began to form links of cured men, trying to create Shield-Spells strong enough to hold the others from doing further damage. The scene was anarchy and chaos. Blades gleaming as they reflected the hail of lightning bolts. Blood and carnage as Hounds and Lions shredded and gulped down demon meat and, in some cases, cured Alit’aren were blasted into flying pieces by the enraged madmen.
Then Adem had a new idea. A way to possibly unite the cured Alit’aren further. He instructed Arawn to use the same technique Rayne had taught him, to harness music and play it loud enough for the entire battlefield to hear it.
Arawn followed his commands, as a surging beat and melody swept through the darkness and bloodshed. An uplifting tune with angelic female voices, and the result was almost instantaneous. The cured Alit’aren responded with faster more agile blade forms and seemingly more powerful spells, until one of the Alit’aren began to sing, moments before he was cut down by a Souljhin blade. Others took up the ancient ode, and soon their voices were joined by many more. The Nordic Tongue rose in a proud and brave harmony. Strong male voices of warrior men who did not fear death; but were relieved and in a state of hope for redemption via the miracle of Carl’s cures.
The words were translated to:
Will you miss me when I go?
When my form is covered with the falling snow,
I will not despair when I meet the eternal dark,
I will stand proud like the Wolf and boldly bark,
When the span of my life draws to its close,
My blood will spill as if pricked by the thorn of the rose,
But I will face that end and roar like a beast,
Until the spirit housed in this flesh is released!  

Suddenly the entire wall exploded into a spray of burning chunks of stone! Light flashed all around. Lightning bolts tore through the wall with a fierce roaring hum that vibrated through the atmosphere. The light was almost blinding for an instant: before the wall began to tumble under their feet. Collapsing like building blocks smashed by the fist of a gigantic child. The blast of lightning had nearly knocked Adem unconscious. Darkness and a red pulse filled his vision. He fell ... Fell forever, into darkness ... Fell through time, endless ripples upon an ocean of time ... He knew something terrible had happened, but eventually he felt himself crash land against the stone rubble below. Bones shattering like smashed glass. His skull cracked. Darkness rolled over in a triumphant wave! But the pain seemed to never end, as he dreamt a thousand dark nightmares in a realm of blood and fire.

*** 
Wil had spent the afternoon arguing with Elarja. It seemed some new twist of the Jinn-Lord’s Power had disabled the Time Stones, making it impossible for the man to return to the past to bring back Adem and Carl.
Now he lay on the sheets of his large bed, with Hayley at his side. Her soft snoring sounds brought some relief to his pain over the loss of their daughter. Even now, still being joined to the spirit that was still Enserah, his grief was often overwhelming. The potion had eased his symptoms, but a rage was building that was near to overflowing. Hayley was the same, and Wil feared her dark curse on terael did no better for her own symptoms.
He gazed at the painted ceiling above the bedposts, half sleepy in the light of glowbulbs that kept Souljhin from entering—via sinisterly placed Jhin-Taps—while people slept. Guards were at the doors, and he had dozed off to sleep more than once after making love to his wife. They held each other after, both in the grip of despair and heartache, bringing what comfort they could provide one another ... 
He stood in a long hallway of melted glass, burning white crystal, frozen steel. The walls were pitch black shadows, but arches of the glowing light framed the endless stretch of pathway that also burned pure white. He knew he was dreaming, but he also knew this was not like normal dreams. There was a substance to his surroundings that made him know it, that, and a lingering voice in the back of his mind, telling him to be wary. This place was dangerous.
He walked the path of burning crystal, glimmering ice, it seemed he walked for hours, or days. When he came to a new path between the glowing arches, he turned and continued onwards. It was a maze. Endless. Infinite. Why am I here? he wondered.
‘Join us, Brother,’ a voice said from behind him. He turned at the voice, but there was only the path of light and the endless shadows. He knew the voice. It was Adem. But Adem was somewhere else, he had travelled to ... the thought drifted into empty space within his mind ... and he continued to walk. He heard the same words, spoken this time by Carl, ‘Join us, Brother.’
He spun on his heel, as the voice was to his right, but there was no one there. There was only a new path of glimmering white stone. ‘Adem, Carl, are you out there?’ he called to the shadows in vain. There was no reply. But as he continued forwards, he heard Adem speak again. ‘It is up to you now, Brother. We have strayed from the path.’
‘What path?’ Wil cried. ‘What do you want me to do?’
‘You must save us, Wil.’ It was Adem’s voice, and these times the voices were different. It was the Adem and Carl he knew, had always known. The first times, their voices were different. Darker; perhaps almost evil.
‘How can I save you?’ Wil cried to the shadows. ‘Tell me how?’
 ‘Kill me,’ Carl spoke the words as if he were in terrible pain. He was fighting the Shadow, but Wil knew the Jinn-Lord had touched them both.
‘Kill us!’ Adem roared, and Wil spun again, as the voice was again just behind him. No one there, he thought in dismay. 
‘Why would I ever want to do that?’ He shouted at them as if they had betrayed him, betrayed the world.
‘If you do not kill us, this world will be given to the Shadow.’ That was Carl again.
‘Why?’ Wil roared in outrage. ‘What have you done? Show yourselves so we can talk!’
‘The time for talk is done,’ Adem replied. ‘The next time you see us, you must kill us, before we kill you. The Shadow was too strong. Remember, kill me.’
Carl screamed, ‘KILL MEEEEE!’
Wil covered his ears; the shrill scream of his friend tore out all hope. ‘I could never kill you.’ He spoke with tears welling. ‘You are my Brothers. We are supposed to win this war together.’
‘Together,’ Carl and Adem spoke the words as one. ‘Together; Brother, join us. Join us, so that we can be together. Join us. Join us! Join us! JOIN US, TOGETHER, FOREVER!’
... Wil woke in a cold sweat from head to toe. He was saturated. It slickened his skin though his flesh was hot, burning hot with fever. He realised when Hayley sat up in shock that he was growling in his throat. It was the growl of a wolf. Alone and afraid.
‘What is it, husband?’ Hayley asked with stark concern. ‘A bad dream?’
Wil stifled his tormented groaning until it simmered to a dull whimper. 
‘Was it about Enserah?’ Wil looked to his wife and saw the open anguish lit in her dark orbs. He put an arm around her for comfort and shook his head slowly. ‘No, it was not about her.’ 
‘Tell me, Wil, please!’
Wil sat upright for some time before he answered, ‘I fear Adem and Carl have both turned to the Shadow.’
He heard Hayley’s throated sobs of terror when a voice entered his mind. This time it was Dis Pater speaking through the kigare. Carl and Adem have returned, Brother. You are all in great danger!

Chapter 6


Time Puzzle

Adem fell from the sky … Flew through the heavens … He was burning in hellfire, bathed in pure light, swimming in ice cold waters. Floating. Falling. Flying. Burning ... Adem woke in his bedroom, the bedroom of his parent’s house! He realised when he turned on the light switch, after failing three times to wield teron to light a sphere of flame.
He gazed about in wonder. What happened? Where is Carl and Wil? Where is Jea—as memory returned, he suddenly found himself on the floor gazing up at the light that was now spotted with dark flecks in his vision. He’d taken a nasty fall and smashed his skull. He screamed, but it was not for the pain of falling. He realised in horror that he had ... He had killed ... I killed Jean? ‘I killed my wife!’ Tears filled his eyes, falling from his face as the door opened and his mother stood in the doorway with a look of terror on her face.
‘What madness are you rambling, Adem! It’s three in the morning! Your father is trying to sleep! I’m trying to sleep! What’s wrong with you? You have no wife! You’re just a madman!’
Her words struck him like a gong, but the pain in his soul burned with new fire. He screamed again, clawing at his face as if wishing he could rip the skin clean off.
‘You’ve been smoking it again, haven’t you?’ His mother wailed. ‘Jason, he’s been at it again. This time I say we kick him out!’
What is going on? Adem thought, his mind reeling in shock and pure agony. ‘What is this place?’ he asked in disbelief. ‘Where am I?’ What the hell is going on here?
‘You’re off your tree again, Adem,’ his father said, sticking his head in the door. ‘Tomorrow you can pack your bags and be gone. If you’re going to keep smoking that shit you can find someplace else to live.’
‘Smoke what?’ Adem asked aghast. ‘I don’t know what you’re talking about! I just want to know what the hell is going on!’
‘That does it, get out now. Pack your bags and be gone!’ His mother’s voice was cold fury. And if nothing else made sense so far, Adem knew that tone well enough to know it was time to go. He shoved some jeans, t-shirts, underwear, and socks into a long bag, and grabbed an extra jacket on his way out with only one pair of shoes.
When he walked outside, after being smart enough to bring a torch, he went to the garage and clicked the key lock on his car keys, but there were no lights flashing. Nothing could be right in this place, wherever the hell this is. ‘Where’s my car?’ he shouted at his parents; but heard only the door slam closed.
The next three weeks were perhaps harder living than anything he’d ever known. At sunrise he realised something was very wrong, after walking the streets at night thinking there was a power outage. But he realised the next morning that there must be no main power in the streets and houses. His parents must have been using a small generator, though he had not heard the engine.
Houses were barred shut; windows hammered over with planks of nailed wood. It was like something from the Apocalypse. In town there were no shops open. The place seemed totally deserted at first, until he saw the first signs of other humans wandering about; an overturned rubbish bin where two children scavenged. A mangy looking dog marking his territory but also looking half starved. A woman with crazed eyes staring at him from across the street before she ran into a house and slammed the door. The door must’ve had about six locks on it from the clicks that came after. 
‘What the hell is going on here?’
He decided there was no point returning to his parents. This was not the world as he knew it, and he had to do something to change it back, so the only option seemed to be to continue to explore. A part of him wished he could still live with them in this world of chaos, as the only part of him that was still remaining, but he never let his feet move back in that direction.
Luckily, his shoes lasted the journey, and in the next town he found a few answers when speaking to the locals. It had not been an atomic war, as far as they knew, but things started to change when the ‘vampires were first seen’. Adem’s jaw must’ve dropped at that, but for some reason he did not take them for madmen. Vampires had started to be a problem about ten years ago, and this place, this strange version of reality, was also about ten years into the future from when Adem and his friends last left Earth. ‘Part of the Old Gods’ Return,’ they said. ‘Once the signs began, odd creatures started to appear.’ Adem took it all in with grim reserve.
‘What about the government?’ he asked. ‘The police, the army, where are they?’
‘Those that remain are fighting on the borders,’ one terrified looking man told him quite politely, though he looked eager to run at any moment.
‘Who are they fighting?’ Adem asked.
‘The vampires,’ the man replied, as if that were the most obvious answer in the world.
In the next town Adem found old faces from his past. He ran into an old school friend, Joel. Joel had changed from the boy Adem remembered. He was a rough biker looking man with wide shoulders and thick biceps. Tattooed with skulls and demons all across his arms, back and neck, with a thick grey-tinged black beard.
Joel gave him food and shelter, a place to sit and think for a while, but on the third day Joel passed Adem what he thought was a cigarette, but after the first few puffs—when the madness started to kick in—he realised it was something else. From then on there was no going back. Adem drifted in and out of clarity, with no medication and no Healing-Magic. He had days of relative sanity and days when he did not even know if he was conscious. But he was apparently, as Joel related the mad ravings he would tell of another world, where Adem and his friends fought the Devil and were the Saviours of that world. 
A place called, ‘Kiss’mary’a’.
At first Adem didn’t know whether he should try to explain things while he was in a state of sanity, but as the months went by, he lost track of days and even weeks as his madness took on perhaps a totally alternate personality. He could not remember what he had been saying, or to who. They were blank spots in his mind. Whole events wiped out and shrouded in darkness.
Occasionally an army vehicle would be seen passing through the town, on their way to the borders. Rations were brought in by the army also, to feed the towns and villages, but mostly people grew their own fruit and vegetables, bartered for animal stock. Apparently, the city was a wasteland; those that had not fled were living in fear of vampires breaking down their door in the night. Adem still hadn’t seen one of these ‘vampires’, but his instincts told him he would not be surprised to find that was exactly what they were.
‘No one knows where they came from,’ Joel was saying one evening while they smoked tobacco out of long-stemmed pipes. They sat out the back porch with a fire burning on the field. This was still outback country, part of a small town close to where Adem had visited that pub with his friends, all those years ago, on a photo shoot with Anna. It was the first day Adem had met his wife. Grief flooded him as tears filled his eyes, and he fought desperately to subdue a fit of rage. Because when that happened, he lost consciousness. And the other guy took over. Adem did not know whether the other guy was good or bad. But Joel always said, ‘the other guy makes me nervous’. Anyone that could make Joel nervous was enough to tell Adem the other guy couldn’t be trusted. But Joel would also say, ‘I kind of like the other guy too.’ Adem wasn’t sure why, and he didn’t care to ask.
‘What does he call himself, this other me?’
‘He says his name is, the Blue Water Dragon.’

***
Wil rushed through the hallways of the palace; the guard were on high alert. Hex-Warlords were said to be attacking the keep, but Wil knew in the marrow of his bones that Adem and Carl were leading them. Hayley flanked his left with a half dozen Nordic Aldebrands to his front, right side, and rear. They prowled like ferocious felines on the hunt, though he sensed they were on edge too. Hayley kept questioning Wil about what he had told her, and it was making their guards more than nervous to consider that two of the Sons of Odin were now fighting for the Jinn-Lord.
He was headed towards Jean’s chamber, anxious and fretting in fear that she may be a target of this attack. He found her safe and unharmed, but she immediately demanded answers and Wil was soon giving up all he knew, about the dream, and what Dis Pater had confirmed. Her own Battle Angels suspected as much: that Carl and Adem were now servants of Corruption. 
Up till now Wil had not reasoned out that if Adem and Carl were not rescued from the past, the taint on teron might very well preserve their flesh for close to a thousand years. The parts of them that would not survive that journey through time, was their minds and souls.
‘Why would they wait till now to show themselves?’ Jean asked, with Elarja, Terese, Tobin and Orion and their wives also present. A heavy guard of Aldebrands, Alit’aren and Ael Tarael were also present, with a dozen or more Heroes of Will, including Rayne and Isabelle.
‘Perhaps they have been there all along,’ Elarja mused. ‘They would have known your every move since returning to Kismeria, as they had lived those experiences as their former selves.’
‘That is shocking to consider,’ Jean replied. ‘Time travel is such a mind-twister.’
‘So, what do you think they are planning?’ Lydia asked with grave concern. ‘Do you think Adem could mean harm even to the Daughter of Thor?’
‘Impossible!’ Jean replied as if scandalized.
‘It is very possible, Jean,’ Wil replied. ‘They did all but command me to kill them the next time I see them. I think that was the last part of their true selves pleading for help before they do serious harm.’
‘So, we flee then?’ Isabelle asked. For once, the woman did not seem in a mood to meet with her lover. ‘We can only hope to keep out of their reach long enough to repair the Time Stones.’
‘I don’t know if that’s possible,’ Elarja replied. ‘On further investigation, I’ve discovered that they are not totally incapacitated, rather, they are malfunctioning to extremity. The result is that time is now split into many threads, past, present and future carried across many individual timelines and jumbled together like an intricate puzzle.’
‘Meaning what, exactly?’ Jean asked, to which the Time Strider simply shrugged with a baffled expression. ‘You must know something more than that!’ Jean shouted at the man, before he said, ‘I believe past, present and future are all co-existing at the same time. No single thread is a guaranteed outcome, but our actions in each could be infinitely more precarious in terms of a desirable future.’
‘So, what is causing the malfunction?’ This time it was Terese who spoke.
‘At first, I thought it was just the Jinn-Lord’s work, but now ...’
‘Now you think Adem and Carl have something to do with it?’ Wil was surprised he had actually come up with the idea, but Elarja’s nod reassured him the theory was sound. Vexed groans and sighs abounded.

***
Adem and Carl spent the next week looking over the destruction caused by the mad Alit’aren that had taken upon the city like a cyclone of fire. Half the city was burnt to the ground, hundreds were killed, thousands wounded. They had split up their forces after destroying the wall where Adem and Carl had fought to overpower them with Healing-Magic. It had worked for some, but those still possessed had moved the remaining madmen into the city via portals, and then chaos truly reigned. 
People were screaming in terror before beams of light tore them in half; others became fireballs that flailed wildly before bursting into ash. The King had locked himself away inside his castle, and the Alit’aren had come for him too. They made a mess of half his garrison of Blood Guard and Heart Guard before the fighting ceased.
Alit’aren and Ael Tarael—mostly mortals—had fought desperately to overpower the madmen that swept through the city with ferocity and guile. Those possession demons were organized, and they made efficient use of their most deadly hosts.
Adem, Carl and Pendral had been forced to return to demolition tactics. They killed every last mad Alit’aren they could find, barely managing to cure a small number before they were prevented from wielding Angel-Magic. It would mean their death sentences in the long run, but that was the only option other than killing them before the madness returned.
Adem still had to wonder why they had been sent in such force. Did the Jinn-Lord simply want Adem and Carl dead? Or was there that other scheme brewing to drive them to wield until the madness finally won? 
There were a few of the madmen cured that were able to tell some of their story before arriving at the battlefield. Most were missing parts of their memories it seemed, they spoke of dark holes in their minds where the light could not touch, and for that reason he got little answers to his questions about the source of their motivations. Basically, they were pawns for the possession demons, willing only due to compulsion or madness, or mad compulsion. A few admitted having dreams of being on the slopes of Kerak’Otozi, though Adem suspected they were flashes of those lost memories. If the Jinn-Lord had compelled them to visit him at his lair, what foul touch could he have placed upon their souls?
The thought troubled him enough to consider executing the men on the spot, though they were now clear of mind, somewhat cured from the Schism, and they were again loyal servants of the Sons and Daughter. He did not want more blood on his hands.
Finally, he confronted Pendral about the Fists, though when he asked of their location, his son replied, ‘I had them hidden away, Father. They were too powerful, and with teron unbalanced, I could not risk the temptation of using them all too often.’
‘Well, where did you hide them?’
‘I’m not exactly certain myself, Father. You see, I had them sent off on a rather complicated journey by way of various messengers, by land, by ship and by sea; they could be on the other side of the globe by now. I considered destroying them, of course, though they seemed too precious a thing for that.’
‘So, you don’t even know how to find them again?’
‘It was important that I be unaware of the exact location, to avoid temptation. But do not worry over the Fists, Father. We have many other weapons of great might at our disposal.’
‘If you do not have the Fists, Pendral, I really must be going.’
‘But Father, please stay! Do you mean to tell me you only visited me in this Age to find the Fists and be gone again? It has been so long since we last shared an embrace. My heart has ached to see you. Please tell me you will stay a while longer. I know there is much to be done in the time where you are based, but please, Father. Stay with me, and we will drink and feast and be merry. It will be you, Mother and me, together once more.’ 
Adem saw and heard the pain ripping through Pendral, his voice a pale whisper at the last. ‘I would if I could, Pendral. It’s complicated. I wish I could explain, but I’ll visit you again as soon as I’m able.’
Suddenly Pendral seemed to snap inside his mind like a dried twig, and for the first time he could recall, Adem saw the old and evil Pendral flicker across his son’s face. ‘More broken promises, Father! You are always off with that other woman who stole you from my dear Mother. She can barely breathe without you at her side. She cries every night you are not around. Won’t you stay for her sake?’ His voice had gone from a growl, to shrill and ending in a soft whimper.
Adem breathed a deep sigh of regret; again, realising he was neglecting this boy who had grown into a man much older than Adem may ever live to be. He reached out with open arms, holding Pendral, who stood with arms by his side for a time, then hugged him back as he shed tears against Adem’s shoulder. ‘I miss you, Father. I miss our talks. I miss this.’
‘I do too, Pendral. If I could be here for you more I would. If I could change it all, I would do that, too.’
After a time Pendral raised his head, dried his eyes, and asked, ‘If I can find the Fists, will you stay with me and help me find them?’
‘Yes, Pendral, that’s why I’m here.’
Pendral’s eyes lit up as if he were that young boy again, he smiled as he clasped Adem’s shoulders, saying, ‘It will not be easy, Father, but oh! What an adventure we will have together. I left a number of clues with a number of men and women who were in charge of its delivery. They will not give up that information easily, especially to me, but perhaps the Blue Water Dragon will make them tremble and give up their secrets.’
‘You said these were just delivery men, Pendral. Are some of them wielders?’
Pendral appeared puzzled at the question, then he smiled again as he replied, ‘Some of them, Father, yes. I gave over the precious cargo first to the Honds and Makions that had settled in the West Lands close to that coastline. From there it was said to set sail with more of their kind, and some of them are very powerful wielders. They are a welcome contest in battle, as you know. But the real trouble will be with those that are safekeeping the Fists.’
‘And who are they, Pendral?’
‘Why, the Lords of Dragon Isles, Father.’ When Adem blinked and still did not comprehend, Pendral said with a grin, ‘They are under the watchful eyes of The Guild of Sorcerer Giants, somewhere out beyond the distant seas.’

***
Jean had decided to fight back against the Hex-Warlords and Hex-Keepers. They were sweeping through the palace with reign of fire, murdering packs of warriors and even innocents, servants, and palace guests. Jean and Wil fought side by side, with Hayley for backup, and whenever they spotted a dark cloaked figure hovering in a hallway, they struck hard with bolts of lightning and fireballs to beat the enemy into submission.
Jean rounded a corner in one instance to see three cloaked figures hurling ruby lightning at a pack of Wolf Guard armoured in black, and there were none amongst them strong enough to defend with shields. She watched in horror as the men were burnt alive.
At Wil’s command, Dis Pater slammed his great golden axe into a Jinn-Shield held up by one of the figures, Baidel, who fought back with fists of flame to batter the Battle Angel into a slow retreat. Tanriel and Druantia fought the other two, bolts of crimson spears and jade arrows hammering against red Shield-Spheres until the three cloaked figures vanished in a warp.
The Battle Angels returned to Resting Points each time the enemy retreated, but Jean, Wil and Hayley were always ready to summon them again at the first sign of danger. Rayne protected their rear with Rievenna, Terese, and the former rulers of Nordhel and Tarvel. Aldebrands, Alit’aren and Ael Tarael also marched amongst their ranks, ready to hurl lightning or form shields by instinct. A dozen Aldebrands also patrolled their outer defences, though; these men were also adept at forming Shield-Spells to protect themselves if need be.
Then it happened, a warp of crimson light formed at the end of a hallway before Jean and Wil, and there hovered both Adem and Carl—looking only ten years older with streaks of grey in their hair—a wicked light burning in their eye sockets similar to the Hex-Warlords. Their faces were twisted with hate and perhaps also self-loathing. Both men sent waves of fireballs flying directly at Jean and Wil, though both had summoned their Battle Angels in the instant they saw the two men appear. Shield-Spells locked around their entire host. Hex-Warlords closed in from the rear, also striking with crimson bolts. Dis Pater, Tanriel and Anwen struck back at Adem and Carl with bolts of light flaring golden, crimson, and white-hot. The two men appeared undisturbed by the onslaught, as Jean gazed behind her more than once in fear of Adem’s Golden Soldiers forming within the hallway. She had to defeat them before that happened.
Rayne summoned Odin and the First Battle Angel struck back with bolts of lightning falling like Blue Blades to pummel the enemy on both sides. Jean could hear a stark scream tearing from her throat in the agony of being attacked by her husband. She could not have believed it were true until now.
Elarja was also there, though he could do little in terms of utilizing the Stones, though he also hurled great lightning bolts that shone black like a night sky, forcing Adem and Carl into a hovering retreat. The hallway was now blazing with flames, tapestries and paintings reduced to ashes. Silvered armour melting into bubbling pools. Toramor shields and armour glowing like small suns. Only the Shield-Spells protected all involved from being vaporized by the amounts of Angel-Magic being hurled in every direction. More than once an Aldebrand or lesser wielder appeared further down the hallway, there one moment, bursting into flame and ash the next.
Jean heard Wil shouting his plea to his Brothers, ‘How could you do this to us? Why?’
Adem’s reply was cold as frozen steel, ‘Join us, Brother, and then all this can end.’
Her husband spoke the words as Dis Pater slammed his golden axe against Adem’s Jinn-Shield repeatedly, golden, and crimson sparks flying as the man was slowly pushed further into retreat. Odin’s Blades struck from above: flaring with white fire on impact. Tanriel and Anwen continued to assault Carl with Spears and white lightning, though it seemed they were joined in a link, and that they had also increased in strength due to their connection to the Jinn-Lord.
‘You told me to kill you the next time we met,’ Wil roared with defiance.
‘Then do it,’ Carl spoke this time, his voice full of sorrow. Though the next moment, both Carl and Adem had vanished, and moments later so had their allies. Lightning and fire also ceased moments later, and Jean fell to her knees with tears distorting her vision. A water-washed sea of flames; as their Shield-Spheres dissipated, smoke filled her lungs. Their Battle Angels had tired just at that moment. Blazing heat nearly flayed her skin before the strongest wielders quenched the flames. Lydia rushed to Jean’s side to offer Healing-Magic.

***
Tarz strode through the palace hallways with a fury for vengeance. Wherever Souljhin appeared, sliding across the carpeted floors like black vipers, he vanquished them with lightning and flames. Jen Terendel marched at his side, along with a host of Heroes wielding Angel-Magic to devastating effect.
Abigail Tormeidhellin acted as an Aldebrand for Tarz, protecting his front with a blade of white light, cutting down enemies with ease. Riol Darks-Bane flanked her right, rune marked sword glowing pale blue as the Hero of Will clashed blades with Souljhin to hack off skulls and plant the blade through their chests and spines.
Highlander’s daughter Janeanne joined their entourage, wielding Wardens formed of blue flame that hacked through Souljhin with burning blades. The figures simply looked like armoured warriors, though they wore the round conical hats Adem Highlander often created on his Jade Samurai.
The Souljhin were swarming in this part of the palace, seemingly hunting greater prey, though they flowed into the chamber where Tarz formed a defence, as if the daughter of Highlander was a target that they were willing to focus all their strengths upon.
In the skies above the palace, Shienden the great dragon roared with rage, though Tarz did not know why. He guessed the news that Highlander had joined the Shadow would inspire the dragon’s rage, though Shienden must have known of this for however many years Carl Wilder and Adem Highlander had been turned by the Shadow. Perhaps it was Highlander’s decision to expose himself here as a traitor that had the dragon so disgruntled.
‘Shienden says my father has attacked my mother and her protectors,’ Janeanne said aghast. ‘They are unharmed, but I fear my father will strike again when his strength returns.’
Tarz had separated from the group to rescue Janeanne, on Jean’s order. Her life was his responsibility, and he would not wish to face the wrath of the Snow Fox if he failed in this mission.
Other Aldebrands and Alit’aren also marched behind Tarz and Janeanne, enough to protect them from rear attacks. Heroes including Rihon Red-Hawk and Cinderlin also guarded the rear. Their strength at wielding was enough to vanquish Souljhin, despite the fact that those Demonsouled were almost impervious to wielders considered strong for this Age.
The essence of the Harp still provided some extra abilities to the Heroes, who could morph from one place to another as if by teleport, sliding, gliding, and floating across the floors as their forms melded, melted or shimmered with insubstantiality. Though, when Riol appeared behind a Souljhin with his blade sliding across its throat, the figure appeared more solid than a stone statue before the burning blade decapitated its victim. It was the same for all of them. And when a group of them fought together, a mist would often form around them, as zombies rose from the fog to drag down Souljhin fighting for escape. It was a little disturbing to witness, but effective.

Chapter 7

Mind Shards
Eventually Adem regained some of those lost memories during his time with Joel, those gaps in his mind that were dark and clouded. The first he remembered was when he had walked for days to the next town, when he entered a church, his soul aching, his mind throbbing with illness. Even when he regained the memory it was hazy, due to the madness that filled his consciousness like a storm cloud thick with heavy rain and throwing down lightning. Moments of clarity amidst a raging temper that threatened everyone in his presence.
Yet at the time, he was lost and alone, and he kneeled before the altar to pray. He closed his eyes and asked for forgiveness for his crimes. He could see his wife’s death so vividly then. It scorched his mind like a blazing furnace. Torched his soul with bright embers of suffering. Tears flowed as he quivered and moaned. In agony. His pain amplified a thousandfold from anything he had ever felt before.
But after a time, he felt the Lord’s Light enter his heart. Hope blossomed there that forgiveness were possible. He felt weightless, pure, and cleansed, as he heard people around him gasp in awe. He opened his eyes to see that he was floating above the pews, still in kneeling position with his hands pressed together in prayer. People were gaping up at him in wonder.
It was then that he saw Joel and his wife, Allison, sitting there with arms crossed and stern faces, though Adem recalled a light of wonder glint in Joel’s eyes as he watched Adem float above the church floor, over ten feet off the ground. There was a kind of light that emanated from Adem all around, though when he looked back over his shoulders, he was stunned to see blue wings glowing behind him like burning feathers.
The rest was clouded that created gaps in his mind, until he arrived at Joel’s farm and they sat and talked. Joel had seemed to notice the change in Adem, so that the man did not mention witnessing the miracle in the church. It was like that from then on, when Joel was speaking to Adem, he did not talk about the Blue Water Dragon, or what he saw of him, though over time Joel began to relate some details about his encounters with these two seemingly different personalities within the one man. 
It seemed that when the madness set in, and his memories became blocked, Adem could fly again, though the man they spoke to during those times was clearly plagued by serious mental illness. Sly. Anxious. Moody and potentially dangerous. One day while sitting on the back porch, Joel admitted, ‘Allison liked the Water Dragon. He used to hover around her while she sang.’ Adem still did not recall what fate had befallen Joel’s wife, and a terrible fear kept him from asking, until his own memories provided the answer. 
It was a sore point for Joel, and it made Adem more than nervous, as he feared the man held a grudge for some role Adem had played that resulted in Allison’s death. He had not killed her, he was sure of that, as Joel was a fairly placid man at the best of times, but if Adem had willingly brought harm to Joel’s wife, he knew he would no longer be breathing.

***
Rayne looked over the desolation created by Souljhin and Hex-Warlords, including his grandfather, Adem Highlander. The battle had lasted hours, though it was still unclear what the enemy had intended, other than to prove that Adem Highlander and Carl Wilder had been turned to the Shadow. Perhaps this was reason enough.
He used what magic he was able to quench fires throughout the palace, while his darling Rievenna stood guard like a spying hawk. Heroes of Will marched at their sides, Runden Gale-Storm in robes of burning blue; white masked worked with silver. The woman was dark of hair with a wiry muscular frame, wielding a bow of blue that fired jade arrows of flame. Calestori Red-Robin was a legend of this world, forever remembered for her hair of pale white snow that shone like silver now, wielding a crossbow that never needed reloading despite the Hero being released from the Harp of Odin. The bolts fired were burning silver with arrowheads designed to punch through the heaviest of armour plates. Calestori had taken out dozens of Souljhin with those bolts, the menacing figures twitching in their death throes before other Heroes hacked off skulls and limbs with glowing rune marked blades. The cape of burning ruby light marked her name of legend as the woman swept through the hallways like a phantom of crackling energy. 
Rodin Cloud-Walker joined Rayne’s entourage, wielding that sceptre of burning blue that unleashed bolts of lightning to tear through Souljhin armour, melting corpses into congealed dark piles.

*** 
One day Adem finally got to meet some of these ‘vampires’ he’d heard so much about. Every so often Joel took Adem on a small adventure to nearby towns, for fuel, ammunition, explosives, and the like. There was a barter system even for these hard to get items, but the cost was usually more a trade of services, such as volunteering to work guard duty for a number of weeks.
On this occasion Joel had to be back at the farm within a day or two, so he chose the service of a rescue mission. One of the gang leaders claimed his son had been taken by vampires the night before. They knew where the vampires were keeping him, underground, but none of his men were willing to do the work to rescue him. ‘Bunch of yellow-bellied worms if you ask me,’ the man barked in an irate tone. ‘I’d shoot the lot of them of them if I didn’t need them for guard duty. Now here’s the thing, my sons only got another day or two before he’s turned. I couldn’t bear to lose my only boy to those bastard creatures. Will you help me? There’ll be plenty of loot in it for you.’ 
‘You know I’ve had my eye on that machine gun of yours for some time,’ Joel told the man. ‘Throw in enough ammunition to last a year, plus fuel for two jeeps, and I’ll do it.’
The large grey bearded man rubbed his chin before saying, ‘Sure, you get my son back, and I’ll have the Sabre-Tooth gift wrapped for you when you get back.’
‘I only go if I’m taking the Sabre with me,’ Joel said with a less than amused expression. ‘It’ll make a mess of those bastards better than any cold steel. Unless you’ve got any of those genuine Samurai blades on hand?’ 
‘I’ve got one left,’ the man said, ‘pure ancient forged metal. It’s the strongest blade I’ve ever seen, but you’ve got to keep it sharp if you’re facing a vampire horde. Say you’ll do it, and it’s yours.’
‘I’ll take it,’ Adem said.

***
Jean later realised the attacks on the palace had been aimed at one specific group of targets, and they were every Druid Chemist gathered at Orodhel. Once this became known, the defenders had changed tactics, seeking out any surviving Druids and defending them from further attacks. Of the twelve most senior Druids or Chemists gathered within the palace, the only three survivors were Cromwed; the strange Magician Elf that Wil had picked up on his journeys, Telsa the Crow, and the man who had discovered a somewhat suitable cure, Master Druid Allor. 
Adem, Carl and the Hex-Warlords returned numerous times to attempt to destroy these three survivors, but with the miracle potion in their veins, Jean, Wil, Hayley and the rest were able to hold off against possession demons while beating the enemy into a retreat. Even Pendral was cowed when facing Rayne with the potion feeding his ability to wield. 
Their next decision seemed desperate, but to Jean it seemed their only hope of winning so far. Gathering her most trusted and valuable advisors and protectors, they fled the palace via portals, and on Wil’s intuition they chose their next location with some degree of apprehension. 
Taking a small force of wielders, along with Serock, the former Kings and Queens of Nordhel and Tarvel, Rayne Dragon-Sword, Rievenna Light-Bow, Tarz, his men, and a host of Children of Odin and Heroes of the Harp of Souls, they stepped out into a forest almost as old as the Age of Chaos. The forest bordered Red River, where Tobin and Orion and their wives had lived and governed for hundreds of years towards the end of this Age, and it was where the two men had first encountered a large clan of Dark Elves, or Eva’Hahlen.
It was Wil’s decision to recruit these men and women to his cause, and though he was nervous at the prospect of facing them—and relating the fact that two of the Sons were likely now controlled by possession demons—he was now determined to unite these people to his cause. They were a people that Adem had at one point seen as crucial to his hopes of victory over the Jinn-Lord. Now it was up to Wil to take on the role of uniting the people of these lands, putting old feuds and wars aside for a greater cause. 
Jean assured Wil she would serve as his advisor in this, but she was unwilling to take part in negotiations, as she would not let her name be tarnished by becoming involved in recruiting a network of warriors that were potentially much more rabid than Tarz’s Forsaken. 
Red River was also where Jean’s daughter, Janeanne, had been raised by Orion and Elmira, Tobin, and Lydia, and of course her daughter joined them in their flight, bringing with them Telsa, Cromwed and Allor also. This was the plot that tipped the balance in their favour. An army of Forsaken and Dark Elves wielding the Jinn Arts was insurmountable power and wrath, but balanced with Allor’s miracle potion, there was a chance none of them would fall into madness ever again. 

***

Kelflin Dark-Bow was the Eva’Hahlen leader introduced to Wil, the introduction made first by Tobin and Orion, who had met the Dark Elf previously when they first learnt of the return of the Sons and Daughter to Kismeria. Of course, Dark Elf clans really had no leaders: they simply appointed the right man or woman for whatever job needed to be done at the time. A nomadic people, they were forever at odds with the peoples they encountered while wandering the lands. 
‘What sort of bargain do you offer, Wil Martyr?’ Kelflin asked with dark eyes burning. The potential madness was rife in every one of them, and Wil was more than nervous negotiating with this Elf. ‘Adem Highlander promised to lead us to the Ragnarök Battle, if we were united by a newly appointed King or Queen, though we only see further division and bloodshed to try to reach such a decision. We require initiative from you, Wil Martyr, to help us choose who should lead.’
Wil thought on this for some time, taking time out to speak with his advisors, and when he returned to meet Kelflin, he had his decision. ‘We shall appoint clan chiefs and their wives to act as temporary leaders for your people. How many clans do you have?’
‘We have hundreds, in truth, though most could be classed under the banners of seven main clan names, the White Cliff Toreanen, Grey Wolf Mikendel, Blade-Archer Clan, the Seven Brothers Clan, the Kerellen Bear Blood Clan, the Chiaran Griffon-Claws, and the Black Rock Brothers. I believe if you choose a Clan Chief and Archer-Mother for each of these seven, you will forge the leadership you require to unite the Eva’Hahlen and potentially avoid a world war.’
Wil grinned at the last before he replied, ‘Speaking of war, we have quite a battle to face of our own. This is what I propose. We will stage a competition, to choose the new clan chiefs and their wives. Wherever demons appear over the next four weeks, seven appointed judges will lead your seven clans into battle against the demon hordes. It will be up to the ambition of each potential pair of leaders to prove themselves in battle, while showing great leadership and the ability to lead while others gladly follow, to victorious results. We will call this tournament the Asgardics, as your judges shall be the Great Angels, and you will strive to win the favour of the gods.’
Kelflin’s burning dark eyes appeared to be grinning at this point, as the man said, ‘You make a fair bargain, for which we will hold you to it, in terms of your agreement to give us a place of honour in your armies against the Shadow.’ His expression changed, looking troubled, ‘Regarding Adem Highlander and Carl Wilder, and Pendral, what if they appear to intervene in these battles, along with other Hex-Warlords?’
‘Adem and Carl must not be harmed!’ Jean interjected with vehemence.
‘I agree,’ Wil mused, then he spoke to Kelflin to state, ‘You will not harm either of those men, and Pendral is for me to deal with alone. Yet if any of you assist me in defeating Pendral, by holding off his Brothers and Sisters in battle, you will find a place of honour higher than any Clan Chief or Archer-Mother. Yet my battle with Pendral is not to be interrupted. It is personal.’

*** 
The vampire coven was believed to be hiding out in a network of caves that stretched underground beneath what was once a suburban street. They entered via a large stormwater drain, Adem creeping with the blade held unsheathed. Joel marched in front with that mammoth of a machine gun, wearing a large backpack loaded with ammunition. Joel had hoped to bring at least one other man to carry the ammo, but there was no one willing to risk their necks.
This was another example of a memory that was clouded and hidden from Adem until much later, though when the memory returned, it was as if he lived those hours all over again. It was during this time, that the Water Dragon took over.
He didn’t know how, or why, but the Samurai blade began to burn a soft blue once they began to trek underground. Joel grunted when he noticed but said nothing more. Adem could feel some degree of magic from himself, entering the blade, and he believed this would give him some greater chance of wounding or killing these enemies.
The caves were slick with grime, some ooze released by the vampires to create their nests where they held fresh blood captive. They followed the trail of slime and sludge as their only means of tracking, there were no footprints of the captives, as if they had been carried through the air. Further down the cave opened up significantly, to high chambers riddled with stalactites and stalagmites. The wet formations glowed like crystal in the light of Adem’s blade, casting shadows of many odd shapes, some human looking, others like animals or creatures of Faerie. A drip, drip, drip was heard repeatedly in the distance, and all around. They brought their own water flasks and stopped to take a few sips after an hour or more. Then Joel took more than a sip from his hip flask. He’d been distilling his own whiskey for some time now. He offered Adem a sip, but Adem refused with a shake of his head. He needed to keep his mind clear. 
Joel pointed two fingers at Adem’s eyes: then he made a halo symbol with thumb and index-finger. This was one of those times when Adem’s eyes would have been blazing full psychotic, while under the Command of the Blue Water Dragon. Joel grinned, because he knew here and now, he needed that guy, and not Adem Highlander, the meek and mild mannered. Although the Schism was not sensed in the same way, here on Earth, during these times the river of electric light coursing through his veins was fused with the noxious blight of insanity.

*** 
Hayley led a team of Forsaken and Dark Elves through the dense forest of Agelwoodelm. It was a forest over four hundred years old, but it had grown dark and menacing with thick bramble and other thorny plants. Vines tangled and strangled the twisted trunks of oak, pine, ash, and silveroak, but the redwood trees were strong and tall, covering most of the forest in a thick canopy that blocked out even the moonlight in many places. Strands of light fell through the shadows like slanted glass blades, moonlight piercing the canopies on a starlit night with few clouds. Wil was by her side of course, though he seemed concerned with keeping an eye on both Hayley and now also Jean, as well as Adem’s daughter Janeanne. Perhaps it was the loss of a daughter he had hardly ever known, that made him realise his duty to protect Highlander’s offspring. That pain they both felt would not stop either Wil or Hayley from trying to murder Adem’s son, Pendral, if the opportunity arose. 
Jean and Janeanne scouted with a similar sized party to the south of their position, and this distance that separated them seemed a great concern for her husband, but he watched over her like a wolf protects its cubs. 
The forest was chosen as a starting point for the Asgardics, as it had been plagued with Vypain demons for the last two hundred years or more. Vypain liked trees: they were similar to great apes in many ways, at least in shape and form. Hayley spied a cluster of the demons gathered in the branches of a silveroak that stood taller than others nearby. No bigger than an eight-year-old boy, they sat hunched like fat bellied swine, though they were covered in thick grey shag. Ravens’ talons the size of a human fist clutched at the branches below, attached to stumpy furred legs, with human arms clutching pieces of torn flesh with razor black claws. They seemed to have torn apart a small wild boar to share amongst them, gorging with sharp bloodied fangs, faces like cats with golden eyes and twisted grey rams’ horns.
They were ferocious enough fighting with those teeth and claws, but that was not their real power. Hayley aimed her bow at one of the creatures to blast its skull apart with a golden Lightning-Arrow. Black blood sprayed its companions as the body swayed then fell to the forest floor, as the rest began a fierce barking growl, calling to their kin. Those that survived the onslaught of Acid-Arrows that flew from Dark Elf bows, that is. And within moments the small cluster were blasted to bits, but Hayley had taken out the first in such a way to allow the demons to summon their horde. To find a champion of the Asgardics amongst these Eva’Hahlen, they would require many demons to battle.

*** 
Carl was reluctant to trust Pendral on this mission he had proposed, but as both he and Adem were counting on obtaining the Fists of Odin, to deal with their problems faced in the distant future, it seemed they had no choice other than to comply. The use of Portal-Magic made their journey much easier in terms of covering great distances, so much so that there was no need for a boat when they knew they had to cross some of the great oceans.
Pendral followed up on a series of clues and tip offs from men and women, Elf and Man, travelling across the continent of the Free Lands, until he learnt that the Fists were held in a kind of magical structure halfway across the globe. They soon made the leap across the sea to reach a rather large island occupied by ancestor tribes of the Honds, Makions, and other Viking type tribesman, as well as a large population of Giants, many of whom were also powerful wielders of teron and terael. 
To cut their journey down to the short and simple, after speaking with the locals, they were led to a great underground cathedral, where they spent the night after a hot meal, baths, and plenty to drink. Then the next day, they were shown the Arkendriel. 
The device only opened during daylight hours, as a shaft of sunlight appeared through the stone ceiling with the first rays of dawn, setting up a spinning of cranks, shafts and other mechanical wheels and devices, as the floor in the centre of the cathedral opened up wide. From the floor a dozen coffin shaped golden caskets rose, encased in crystal clear glass for the lids, and the caskets spun and twisted as they rose, driven by mechanics, to reveal much deeper mechanics and stairways beneath them. 
These series of coffin shaped cells were a labyrinth type test of strength and magic, where the wielder would touch a glowing disc to enter the first chamber, and this would also shrink the wielder down to a size no larger than the human thumb. The chambers were no larger than coffins fit for a Giant, and so when reduced to such a size, they formed a large and detailed maze and dangerous course for running the gauntlet.
There were rules, as explained by the large, wizened Giant with grey bushy brows and skin like aged parchment. When entering each chamber, the wielder was allowed only one opportunity to wield Angel-Magic, within that particular chamber, and when they reached the next, they were again gifted one use of teron or terael to use in that next chamber, and so on. But there was a cheat, in that in each chamber, there was another disc located somewhere difficult to reach or touch, but if that button could be reached, another spell or wielding of Angel-Magic was allowed to be used in that particular chamber, or it could be stored as a means to cheat a level by skipping the battle with the Guardian Spirit.
The cheat disc and the portal buttons that moved the wielder from one chamber to the next, were round crystals encased in a ring of gold, that glowed with a warm mix of colours, and were shaped like half a sphere, bulging outwards, or convex, the first, to enter, being large enough to spread a Giant’s palm across. Carl wondered if it read individual fingerprints.
It seemed wisest to allow Pendral to take the risk first, as he was the strongest wielder and also half immortal, making him more likely to reach the cheat buttons. The trick of the test was of course that there was also a powerful Guardian Spirit to defeat within each chamber. Defeating the Guardian would usually require Angel-Magic, and so the first spell was nearly always sacrificed for this purpose. Battle Angels could not be brought into the Arkendriel, and portals to jump straight to the next transport button could not be achieved with the first spell, only after defeating the Guardian Spirits was the transport button unlocked to enter the next chamber. Though the first spell was not necessarily strong enough to destroy each Guardian, the cheat spell was, however.
 However, Adem was overly protective of his son, and although Carl saw the many reasons Pendral would still be needed to fulfil the patterns of his lifetime from now to his fated madness, Carl also urged Adem to consider the risks to losing the Blue Water Dragon, as this Arkendriel Gauntlet could easily result in death. 
Despite the risks, Adem would not be satisfied unless he was allowed to be the first to enter the test. The reward for which would be not only the chance to obtain the Fists of Odin—that were stored away in this magical seal by the wielder Giants—but also the opportunity to choose another two items of extreme magical strength, from a variety of items stored at this location since the Age of Wisdom. 

***
A light snow began to fall through the moonlit trees, as the roar of thousands of wild beasts filled the air.
Rayne and Rievenna darted through the forest like phantom sprites. Their fleet footed Aelfin forms carrying them over stone, leaves and twisted roots in a flickering of motion, barely discernible to the eyes of Mortals. Rayne carried a Lukrorian Bow of shining silver, firing blazing arrows of white fire to punch through Vypain skulls and chests. The furry creatures burst, groaned, or simply fell to the forest floor like overripe fruit. And not just those Rayne and Rievenna took aim at. The forest was swarming with the ape-like tree-demons, and competitors of the Asgardics raced around them in a swirling blur of colours and lights, firing Lightning-Arrows of every colour to blast their enemies into oblivion.
And it was more of a display than would normally be expected, even for such a large, well organized clan of Dark Elves. The magic potion that cured their mental illnesses was also fuelling their magic to epic proportions, and they were practically supersonic as a result of that fuel. 
For Rayne, the feeling that crept over him was vibrant and cooling, electric light glowed in his vision as if the arrows were crystal burning into magma of electric blues, reds, golden and violet. He felt supercharged, with raw energy emanating from his core in a steady flow that was somewhat dazing when not wielding Angel-Magic.
The Vypain fought back wielding their flame spells, casting down streaks of crimson fireballs that crash landed amongst packs of Dark Elf combatants, some being blasted to pieces by the onslaught, though most were too swift to even be struck. Tattooed in dark blacks, blues and reds, this tan-skinned and tall breed of Elf-Kin were adept at archery perhaps beyond any other of the clans that remained to date. Many wore swords at their hips, and they would be far greater in their sword forms than most Mortals, particularly with their advantage of speed, but nearly all carried quivers at their waist belts and more across their backs. 
Although their Lightning-Arrows were unlimited, these Dark Elf clans preferred to keep a stock of wood, feather and steel arrows in case they ran out of magic reserves, and most would rather use their strength to carry six quivers of two dozen, rather than weigh themselves down with a broadsword, claymore, maces and other hand to hand combat weaponry. Their aim was precise, tearing through Vypain flesh like ferocious felines with Arrow-Blades of Jinn-Magic, acid flames and lightning of wicked garnet that stripped flesh from bone and melted bone to floating dust.
The snowfall made the ecstasy of the potion peaceful, despite the exertion, though the overwhelming surge of energized capacity and alertness was turning this battle into a massacre for the poor little Vypain. He thought of them with some compassion as they were first bred from a great ape branching at the Dawn of the Age of Chaos.

***

Joel’s Sabre-Tooth roared ferociously, spitting out bullets in a golden spray of light. The ammunition was bullets four inches long, with every first four designed to cut holes through the enemy, while the fifth bullets contained explosive heads, planting themselves in the target to blast the body apart on impact. The vampires were moving from their caves and into the large chamber where Joel moved like a veteran commando, the Sabre tearing vampire bodies to shreds that imploded in savage reds and yellows.
These vampires were a little different to those Adem knew from Kismeria, in that they could transform, forming huge batwings of leathery grey, their eyes like Souljhin, dark and menacing with a course grey-green hide of pure muscle.
They’d split up, Joel covering Adem whenever Adem took on a new opponent, by spreading his gunfire across the cavern chamber to hold off other potential attackers. But Adem was still in the fierce grip of a spell of aggressive madness, his entire body pulsing with electric light, the sword a beacon of blue flame in his grasp.
Whatever magic Adem was able to meld with the blade ensured it remained sharp: the rest was mostly up to Adem’s strength and endurance, though he flowed through the sword forms taught to him by two of Kismeria’s greatest Immortal Kings.
When a vampire launched towards him with black claws outstretched for the kill, he severed wrists to bleeding black stumps, plunged the blade through sternums, or throats, or slashed with forms such as Right Stirrup; that left the victims practically torn in half with gaping wounds from left shoulder to right hip. The creatures screamed in deathly wails as bodies collapsed to spill black blood like rivers about his feet.

Chapter 8

The Asgardics
Hayley summoned Druantia to assist her against the surging demon swarms. Vypain grouped together in packs of fifty to a hundred, led by their Pack Chiefs, a massive male similar in size to a gorilla: though these pack leaders were also the main targets of many Dark Elves vying for a position of leadership amongst the clans. 
Wil watched as Druantia appeared in an emerald haze to blast the enemy with sheets of electric green arrows, firing so rapidly the shafts seemed to spread like a blazing river. Blanketing the Vypain seated upon tree branches to fry flesh from bones, melting bone to ash as if dipped in acid.
A number of Green Men sprouted from the earth to march amongst the forest, though these much taller and thinner breed of Tree-Men did not smash and clobber the demons perched within the branches, but instead touched leafy fingers upon the branches where Vypain sat, and an emerald blaze started up at every touch. From these flames sprouted Emerald Dwarves, squat bearded men of green fire: wielding heavy axes burning bright. The Dwarf sprites charged along branches to hack through Vypain flesh with savagery and might, black blood spraying in their wake, limbs and skulls severed amongst the splatter.
Hayley’s remaining vampire and werewolf coven also fought by her side, the vampires flying amongst the trees to hack down demons with burning blades or axes, while wolves of impossible size and speed patrolled around Hayley on all sides, soon finding the task of tearing through the occasional Boli-Kuldr demon that sprouted from the shrubbery, the eight to ten feet tall beasts were no match for werewolves standing as tall on all fours.
Though another surprise occurred during this part of the battle, when Hayley seemed to have summoned the spirit of Balor’s Battle-Wolf, Shadowhunter. A gleaming grey-white coat upon the beast that was larger than any of Hayley’s other werewolves. Shadowhunter howled at the moon through the canopies, and suddenly the packs of werewolves took up the cry. At this point Wil became aware of dozens of wolf packs approaching the forest from all sides. He reached out to their minds by instinct, striving to make contact and bind them to his cause. Though there was something very wrong about these wolves. He felt it as he probed their thoughts: that were savage, filled with bloodlust and perhaps pure evil. 
They were not Demonwolves, but they were a breed corrupted by the Jinn-Lord, he was certain. He had not been told of these by other wolves, or any of his companions of this Age, though he began to dread facing perhaps a thousand or more of these fast-approaching beasts.

*** 

Rayne summoned Tohka Reiden, the second judge of the Asgardics. There were already a number of pairs, male and female Dark Elves striving for a victory in this competition. Demon mind control seemed the most favoured approach, as powerful wielders fought both with bow and arrows of flame, but at the same time also harnessing Jinn-Magic to take over the thoughts of Vypain Pack Leaders, the immense brutish males of pure muscle that barked with ferocity and fought with guile. The Pack Leaders, also known as morgrahs, harnessed the full force of their brothers and sisters within each pack. Hurling down fireballs of immense size and strength, with enough force to create small craters in the earth. Setting grassfires and surrounding shrubbery aflame.
Beredrent and Athuwen, of the Blade-Archer Clan, were a husband and wife who wielded the Jinn Arts to deadly effect. They reached out to the minds of the morgrahs to force those Leaders to turn on their own packs. Some utilized this control to quick forms of devastation, such as setting the entire branch aflame to make fifty or more demons plummet to their deaths. Beredrent and Athuwen locked onto the minds of a pair of morgrahs, then used these beasts like battering rams to plough along the branches. Leaping from tree to tree, clubbing and swiping at smaller Vypain to knock them unconscious, tear off skulls and rip limbs apart in bloody sprays. 
Taken by a blood-frenzy, the cries of the morgrahs could be heard sounding throughout the forest, either ending their packs and their own lives in epic blasts of destruction or pounding and shredding through demon flesh like the big bully turned rabid.
Soon the cries of hundreds of wolves approaching drowned out the barking Vypain, however, and Rayne knew at the first howl that these wolves were not the kind that were friendly to Men and Elves. 

*** 
Jean hurled a bolt of blue lightning at the skull of a Boli-Kuldr, charging through the scrub. The demon’s skull burst to white hot flame then exploded into blood and dust. Three more charged at her from its side, Janeanne turned their necks to black fountains. Crushing skulls with Angel-Magic like ripe grapes. They had brought a decent number of Forsaken warriors to guard them, in case these Dark Elves turned rabid. Tarz stood by Jean’s right flank, Janeanne to her right, with Terese and Arig guarding their outer flanks. Along with Isabelle, and a number of other Heroes of Will.
It seemed a great risk to bring Heroes, as these seemed a soft target for possession demons of late, though all had tasted a fresh batch of the miracle potion. All were revelling in the potent spell of rejuvenation, pulsating energy, and torrents of magic it provided. It was hoped this would also protect them from possession spirits, as the potion washed away the madness of the Schism and curse like a river pushing through piles of sludge.
Boli-Kuldr, Nymloc and Jacoulra were beginning to appear in greater numbers, though the Forsaken and Dark Elves dispatched these with greater ease than Jean or Janeanne were capable of, while Isabelle, Arig and other Heroes wielded Lightning-Arrows to blast demon skulls to blood and ash.
It was at this point that Jean summoned Tanriel, another judge of the Asgardics. She had waited till this point as they needed these judges to also serve as protectors if the battle got out of hand. Those demon-soul wolves were now appearing on the edges of the battlefield within the forest scrub. It seemed these were almost impervious to magic and perhaps also steel. They were not a rabid breed, though their eyes flamed with the darkness similar to male wielders and the Schism within teron. They barked savagely, and their bodies seemed to carry a vast shadow that covered their fur but also surrounded them like an ominous aura. 
They were larger than normal wolves too. At least by a hand. Standing on all fours, with wide front haunches and a thick skull. Jaws of monstrous fangs, glistening like steel. At times Jean glimpsed nothing more than an approaching shadow. Eyes lit like hot coals in the night. At that distance they could have been Nymloc, if not for their unmistakable bark, where Nymloc sounded more of a lion’s roar.
Soon there were hundreds of the beasts ploughing through the defence lines. They were swifter than Aelfin feet, and their teeth and claws shredded through Dark Elf victims like tearing paper with a razor blade. Scarlet spattering in their wake.
As Tanriel appeared, soaring high amongst the forest canopies to fix her view upon the fields, her Spears shot forth like spokes from a wheel. A spray of burning ruby shafts with spearheads like broadswords. Splicing with the skulls and hides of these demonic wolf breeds. Hot coals danced across fur and flesh until wolves dissipated with an eerie howl.

*** 
Wil had been reaching out to the good wolves he could sense in the forest and beyond, though he learnt a harsh lesson when he tried to bond them to his cause. These wolves did not know him, and though they had heard of him, the Son of Odin that could talk with beasts, they did not trust him, and were too frightened of these demonic wolves to put faith and loyalty in a two-legs that wished them to die for a greater cause.
This was a heavy blow to Wil’s ego, and his confidence, as the demon-soul wolves began to mass by the hundreds, along with a number of black mountain bears that were also taken by the powerful curse.
Three such beasts charged towards Wil and Hayley from three points. Massive bears with eyes like ferocious black stones, burning with corruption and occasionally a fierce red glow. The same ominous shadows surrounded these creatures, as they crashed through brush and bramble. Tearing down victims to feast a moment on entrails before ploughing onwards towards their main prey.
Wil and Hayley assaulted one with blasts of Lightning-Arrows many times during its approach, and soon learnt it was to no avail. Druantia flew like a swooping eagle upon that one, a fiery brand of emerald with a steel tooth four feet long burning blue at the tip. The Battle Angel drove the shaft of flame deep through the backbone of the bear, as it collapsed sluggishly, though it took a swipe at her and was back on its feet a moment, before she pulled the Spear free to plant it again through its heart. 
The other two were gaining great speed at this point, as Wil shouted the names, ‘Gwydion!’ and ‘Eledisren!’ The Magician God appeared in a burning garnet robe, glowing with golden stars and moons. Holding up a large staff of blazing white, that the bear bit onto and clasped with its massive claws. Gwydion skidded in the dirt, as lightning bolts tore through the hide of the bear. Teeth blazing with white light as electric bolts pulsed and flared around it like some cosmic battle, until the creature was no more. 
Dis Pater appeared seconds after his summons, standing twelve feet tall. Even taller than the first time Wil visited Kismeria, though the Battle Angel was preserving his might to appear even at such a modest height. Planting the golden battle-axe blade deep in the chest of the charging bear. Swinging upwards as flames spread across its fur, splitting the ribcage. The beast’s head exploded in a shower of golden sparks before a burning carcass collapsed at his feet. 
Wil knew that this would have been the end: if their Battle Angels’ Magics had been already exerted. He realised then that he had another tribe of beings to join to his cause, though he wondered what sort of bargain he could make with wolves.

*** 
Rayne summoned Odin to join the bloodbath. Those evil wolves were causing a lot of trouble, tearing through Dark Elf and Forsaken armour and flesh with vehemence. Rayne hurled a number of potentially devastating spells at one of the beasts, at one-point lighting up the forest with a pure beam of blue-white fire burning four feet across, a blazing pillar that reached the treetops. 
But when the spell began to dissipate, the wolf formed mostly of shadows simply crept beyond the point of impact, muzzle of razor fangs glistening with the blood of recent victims. It was then Rayne realised normal magic could not destroy these creatures, even when Rayne and his companions were revelling in the surge of teron and terael brought on by the miracle potion.
Rayne and Rievenna always had a Portal-Spell open ready to flee their current position if the wolves got too close, but when Odin joined Tohka Reiden in a Link, lightning bolts launched from the fists of the Battle Angels, beards glowing like snow and starlight, their armour embossed golden layers on crimson and dark blue in shapes of dragons. The bolts took down the cursed wolves with comparative ease, blasting the beasts to bloody shreds, limbs flying amidst deathly howls.
With the snow still falling, it was difficult not to feel at peace, despite the growing power of evil forces emanating from demons and those evil wolf packs. Perhaps it was the potion bringing on a stabilizing sense of calm and increased awareness. Angel-Magic was a raging torrent with every breath, as he unleashed bolts of burning blue from his open palms, the bow now cased across his shoulders.
Rievenna still wielded Lightning-Arrows, though her spirit was unleashing swarms of Pixie Wardens in blue and emerald, the burning sprites punched through Boli-Kuldr, Nymloc and Jacoulra chests, blasting skulls apart in neon flares. 

***
Orion stood back to back with Tobin, their wives Elmira and Lydia to either side, the two women hurling blue flame like burning sabres. Orion and Tobin wielded teron to create scores of Golden Tigers and Emerald Lions: that gave some contest against the cursed breed of wolves that were now approaching in greater numbers.
Occasionally a Lion or Tiger would overpower one of the shadow garbed creatures, biting a wolf skull clean off or simply tearing limbs from the carcass in a bloody mess. But mostly the Spirit Wardens were only able to hold off the advance of these ill-bred beasts, a lot of roaring and howling, claws like steel shredding at each other, flesh and bone usually yielding to the strength of Fire-Magic forged muscle.
Though these wolves were an elemental abnormality much like the Tigers and Lions, to some extent, in that the shadow that seemed to surround them, but was also part of them, gave them some degree of supernatural resistance even to spells as powerful as Orion and Tobin could wield.
Both men wielded their blades, as a last line of defence while their wives would flee if necessary, though Orion and Tobin also released waves of Elemental Magic as walls of pure flame, stone and sulphur bursting beneath the feet of the increasing number of Nymloc and Boli-Kuldr. Jacoulra were fewer, though Orion had eliminated at least four hundred of these species of demon in a short span of time during the battle. He estimated Tobin and both of their wives were adding up similar scores.
Forsaken and Dark Elves danced around them like phantom sprites, the potion giving them speed and endurance to epic proportion. Orion, Elmira, and Tobin and Lydia were also appointed judges of this Asgardic tournament. Though it seemed they would be judging performance based on who was able to keep the four of them alive. Despite the chaos on the forest floor, Vypain were still hurling crimson flame from the treetops, and Shield-Spells were draining, on top of other spells being thrown in every direction.
They were attempting to rally to Jean and Janeanne, though this demonic breed of wolf kept closing in on them, while Tiger and Lion fought them off in apparent desperation. 

***

Jean summoned Anwen, as flocks of golden and silver falcons, hawks and eagles spearheaded through Boli-Kuldr breastplates, demons spluttering with holes burnt through their chests. Janeanne was wielding her Jade Samurai of burning emerald, hacking through demons on the forest floor with a vengeance, Nymloc and Jacoulra skulls flying in the wake of black splatter and blazing blades.
Tanriel and Anwen joined in a Link to increase the number of Spears and Spirit Wardens that flew from each Battle Angel, a flood of crimson shafts flying from Tanriel’s form as birds of many colours swooped and dived to blast demon flesh to burning ash.
Those wolves were still closing in on their ranks, and Tarz and his Forsaken seemed hard pressed to find a solution. There seemed to be no known spell to eliminate these foul beasts, and soon they were surrounded by dozens in howling packs.
It was then that a warp of Air-Magic revealed both Adem and Carl, but also Pendral, hovering in mid-air several feet above the forest floor. Adem wore a cloak of shining blue, so dark it appeared black, with a conical cap with a wide brim, a sorcerer’s garb, while Carl hovered in Alit’aren black, a cloak of shadows similar to that worn by Pendral, also in dark armour.
Jean sent out a plea for assistance to Wil and Hayley, via the kigare, and in moments Wil and Hayley were by her side via portals, a score of Forsaken and as many Dark Elves spilling out of the portal in front and behind them. Wil’s scowl was furious, as he wielded a torrent of teron to scour the forest with surges of blistering heat, waves of pure golden flame that swept towards the three opponents like a beacon of destruction.
Adem gestured and the wave was swept aside, then with a gesture he formed six mechanical beasts standing on two legs of gold, with heads formed simply of two cannons, that rotated as blasts of Elemental Magic flew from the guns with rapid speed.
Jean and Janeanne held up Shield-Spheres in the nick of time, as Janeanne’s Samurai charged for the robot formations to hack through metallic legs and shatter the cannons in swift motion. But Adem was too fast to form more of these threatening weapons, as Wil formed another Portal-Spell and shouted for all to exit the forest before the situation became dire. 
Spears of Flame and Falcons of Fire flew to blast the cannons to flames and destruction as Jean and Janeanne fled in terror of the onslaught. As she leapt through the Portal-Magic, Jean’s memory was tormented with the image of her husband glaring with glee as he unleashed hell upon her, and his daughter. 

***

Wil remained behind, to try to face off against Pendral, though Hayley would not leave his side, and so her vampire and werewolf followers also remained. Those Gatling-guns on legs were causing havoc to her ranks, werewolves whining as they were driven into the dirt by rapid-fire lasers, slicing through their thick hides as the beasts returned to human form, lying on the forest floor bleeding and ruined. Vampires were plucked out the sky by the spray of laser blasts, burning holes through armour and torsos as the cursed beings plummeted to their deaths.
Hayley was becoming frantic to protect her people, as she looked to Wil and they both shouted the name, ‘Enserah!’
A woman of emerald-white fire appeared, no taller than Hayley, and with her features, only her dark hair now glowed like starlight, black eyes luminescent. At this moment Wil felt his daughter form a link with the other Battle Angels nearby, as Dis Pater moved like a charging bull, his golden axe hacking the legs off those Gatling-guns, a flash of gold as the metal was torn apart, the guns collapsing to spray bullets before the axe swung again to cleave them in two.
At the same time, Druantia’s Green Men grew in number, with a dozen of the rounder, shorter breed growing from the forest soil, stomping on cursed wolves as Shadowhunter charged around the battlefield, snapping up wolves in his burning jaws.
Enserah launched her first attack at the same time, and Wil’s focus was mostly on Pendral, as Jinn-Shields surrounded the three floating men, at the same instant that bolts of snapping Fire Pythons burning blue launched for the men, chomping down on the spherical transparent wards that glowed like liquid flame.
Dark Elves still fought desperately against the surging numbers of Vypain, Nymloc and Boli-Kuldr, along with the Forsaken warriors in this part of the forest, hurling bolts of Lightning-Acid or firing Lightning-Arrows from their bows, tearing demon bodies to shreds in bursts of light and spurts of darkness.
A Green Man attempted to capture Pendral, by closing his wooden fists around the sphere of light, when flames leapt up the arms of the Spirit Warden, racing across its flesh of wood and vines as the Warden released Pendral with a hollow wail.
Wil thought he had one shot, so he summoned a spell he was only capable of now, with the potion working its magic, as well as being joined with Battle Angels in their Link. A blazing golden spear suddenly appeared beneath the floating shield, slicing upwards in a bright flash that cut through Pendral’s defences, the blade of energy passing right through his form to finish standing over thirty feet tall, Pendral spliced to its haft.
Suddenly Adem’s face was pure fury. His voice bellowed, enhanced by teron. ‘You will not hurt my son!’
‘He is a cursed madman!’ Wil shouted; his voice also echoed due to his use of Angel-Magic. ‘He killed my daughter! You are just as lost, Adem! I just watched you try to murder your own wife and daughter!’
A confused expression appeared on Adem’s shadowed visage. ‘They stand in the way of the High-Jinn’s designs,’ he spoke those words as if they were the only thing that mattered. Wil could not believe how far his friends had fallen, though neither had hurled any further attacks. Wil began to charge towards Pendral, now trapped and undefended, when Jinn-Magic began to form around the fists of Adem and Carl.
Suddenly Hayley was at his side, as Enserah also appeared beside them, wielding a Shield-Spell of light at the same moment that the forest around them became alight with Angel-Magic to extreme levels, scouring the forest clean of flora and fauna, as the untouched Dark Elves and Forsaken fled on all sides from the burning waves of magic. That was Carl and Adem, and Enserah had saved their lives once again, as Wil battered at the Shield-Spell with crimson-orange flames dancing in his vision.
He gave instruction to Dis Pater, as the Battle Angel soared towards Pendral on golden wings, the axe in his grasp as he swung, attempting to cleave Pendral’s head from his shoulders—
The blade struck a Shield-Sphere that must’ve been formed by Carl or Adem, as Hayley wove Portal-Magic and almost screamed at Wil, ‘Get out of here, now, husband!’


Chapter 9


Windows to the Soul

Joel watched Highlander soar through the cavern on those burning blue wings, blade of fire hacking through vampires in sprays of black blood. Joel had taken the high ground at this point, where he had a better vantage of the battle below, spreading his Sabre-Tooth’s fire across the open air to rip vampire bodies into burnt and bleeding carcasses. 
It was strange, but when Highlander took on this heroic personality, and he regained those miraculous wings, for which his name was already becoming a legend, it was as if the man was possessed by a completely different mind and soul. Seeing those blue eyes of Highlander, so large and black in the centres and that darkness filled with a crackling burning spell of madness, it was unnerving, but at times like these, that was the man Joel was counting on to have his back. They were the eyes of a hero’s soul.
Joel tore through three winged batlike creatures the size of a very tall man, their leathery grey wings catching to flame as they screamed and were blasted to bloody shreds. At the same time Highlander soared like an eagle through the air, his blue blade slicing through the middle of a vampire that must have stood seven feet tall. Some said those were of the immortal breed of their kind, as rumours said these vampires had crossed over from another world, where Men and Elves lived side by side, and that some of their kind had become infected with the vampire curse, before crossing over to this dimension.
Highlander often spoke of that world when he was taken over by the Blue Water Dragon. A lot of what the man told Joel made sense, given the rumours beforehand, after the appearance of the bloodsuckers, combined with the strange forms of magic that seemed to emanate from Highlander at times like these, when he was facing off against evil forces.
The more time Joel spent with Highlander, and witnessed these miraculous abilities, the more Joel started to believe in him—
He spun about with the trigger pulled back, the Sabre roared to blast a vampire’s fanged skull apart in a dark spray. Joel thought he’d had his back to a stone wall, but now he saw there was a tunnel behind where the creature had crept up on him. Some had the ability to read minds, and control thoughts, create visions, so that Joel had seen a cave wall where the tunnel had been.

*** 

Adem whipped the blade in an arc that sent a wave of blue flame flying, shredding through the necks of three vampires, severing skulls as bodies and wings burst to flame and ash. There must be hundreds of them down here, a large coven even for Kismerian standards.
The existence of their kind was still a mystery to Adem, though during this battle he’d seen a number of the taller breed of creatures before they grew wings and turned that leathery grey complexion. Though they were in the distance, Adem was almost certain he’d noticed the pointed ears of Elf-Kin, and the starlit eyes of their kind, that suggested these vampires had in fact crossed over to Earth, from Kismeria, somehow.
Angel-Magic raged in his soul, a blizzard freezing his bones to dust, flames and corruption erupting within that forest of ice like the Jinn-Lord’s wings, though his ability to wield was decreased dramatically from when he was in Kismeria. 
Perhaps the existence of cursed beings such as vampires on Earth was the paradox that caused his spirit to react with the sword of Angel-Magic. Perhaps this also explained how Adem was able to form those wings, though Joel had stated that he’d seen Adem fly many times with no enemies in sight.
A large dark eyed vampire launched for him; muscular arms flexed with dark claws reaching for his throat. Adem’s wings made it possible to move away from the assault in a flicker of motion, as the blade swung upwards to split the enemy’s torso through the middle in a dark liquid splatter.
Adem did not feel tired, exactly, but he still had enough sense to fear being forced to battle too long, with the Schism driving him madder than he had ever felt before. For a split second while that creature reached for his throat, he had envisioned it to be Jean returned from the dead, reaching out for him with open arms. The thought of her made him want to scream!
Visions were a sign that his illness was spreading through his mind, getting worse, and had always been a notable symptom. They had started occurring more frequently during this battle, and he began to worry that his own senses may not be enough to keep him alive.
He knew it might be some of the vampires creating the visions, though his mind was so fried, he was unsure if it was them, or his illness getting out of control.

***

Jarien Stone-Spear had watched that part of the forest light up with magic that left the aftermath of scorched earth and piles of sand turned to sheets of glass. Wil Martyr and his wife had been inside that position when the flames went up, and Jarien had watched frantically until the flames subsided, but there was no sign of either of them remaining.
He continued to harry Highlander, Wilder and Pendral Dragon-Sword, though the man’s name was Koriken now, and he was an enemy to all who served the All-Father. Calestori Red-Robin released rapid-fire bolts of white energy from her crossbow, striking a Jinn-Shield held up by Highlander to protect Pendral. The bolts resonated with a humming before vanishing on impact in a silver blast. Koriken was their main target, as Wil Martyr had placed his name as the highest on their list of enemies, and rightly so. It could even be said that a price was on his head, for the highest ranks of honour would be granted to the man or woman who took him down.
At the same time, other Heroes provided Calestori and Jarien cover by firing Lightning-Arrows at the scores of shadow-drenched wolves that patrolled the outer edges of their defence. The arrows of Heroes of Will had devastating effect upon the creatures, by some stroke of good luck, as arrowheads planted in skulls, ripped off limbs or plunged through chests and hides, causing the creatures to cower and bleed.
Highlander, in that strange wizard’s garb and floppy wide-brimmed hat, was now holding a staff that glowed like the sun. Jarien’s eyes detected the details of the staff, an emerald jewel the size of a fist clutched in pincers of solid steel at the tip, the twisted haft carved with runes glowing like gold. It was the Staff of Restoration and Ruination. A powerful relic not seen in this world since the Age of Heroes, and even then Jarien had only learnt about it in old books.
Highlander holding this staff gave Jarien a clue as to where Highlander had travelled during their time spent in the ancient past. Jarien knew where this relic had been safeguarded since the Age of Heroes, and that gave them a marker on the road map to the journeys of Highlander and Wilder before their descent into corruption. 
It was at this point that Jarien realised there was no point in standing to fight. That staff would put an end to even his kind in short order or leave them helpless to become victims of possession demons. He signalled the retreat, sending up flares of red flame that raced throughout the forest, warning others. They would meet with Jean Fairsythe—it now seemed bad luck to use her married name—at the designated rallying point. 

***
Adem kept his back to a solid stone wall within the cavern, and he caught his breath while watching Joel shred two more vampires apart with the Sabre. Flame spouting as bullets flew, some exploding on impact to blast flesh and bone to dust and smoke.
It was then that a new vision took over Adem’s mind, a flurry of images, three witches bathed in flames, changing to a pack of wolf-like men surrounding him making guttural chants, a creature larger than any Battle Angel held him in her fists, he knew she was female, and her appearance was earthy, as if she were an ancient member of Druantia’s line, other images flickered so fast he barely comprehended what he saw, but through those flashes he saw Carl Wilder leaning over him, his hands pressed around Adem’s temples, and for some reason, Adem knew at that point that he was dying. Not here and now, but in that future, as all of these images seemed to be flashes of a potential future, both on Earth and in Kismeria, though perhaps also the past for those from Kismeria.
For some reason, that gigantic female Great Angel triggered memories, as if he had seen this before, really been there, but did not remember any of it until now. Seeing Jean’s death at his own hands again almost confirmed that some of these were memories, from when the madness had him deep in its grip. It was then that he remembered something that made him want to vomit, he remembered clearly now, that for decades, towards the dawn of the Age of Ruin: he had willingly served Jinn-Fendinn. 
Or perhaps not willingly! He hoped and prayed that perhaps it only seemed that way now, but that he had in fact been a victim of a possession demon. He was desperate to believe that was his only excuse for being responsible for murdering Jean. One thing he knew for certain from those visions, Carl Wilder was also on Earth, at this time, in this dimension, and Adem’s survival depended on his returning to Bright.

***

Adem did not have the chance of a test run of the Gauntlet trial, jumping right in on the second morning of their arrival at the island of Giants. He pressed his right palm on the convex disc that glowed pearly-white, as a voice was heard in the air, or in his mind. Welcome, Adem Highlander, to the Arkendriel. Once you have commenced, you may turn back at any time, by reaching any cheat disc, or using your first stored spell, but your progress will not be saved. I wish you best of luck, Odin Son. The voice was female, musical, harmonic. He wondered if this device was inhabited by a female Great Angel.
What pushed them for speed was that their potion had nearly run dry, and Adem took a few sips of the remaining drops in his belt flask, before entering the Gauntlet. When his hand touched the disc, a light also surrounded him, blinding, everywhere, then when the light faded, he realised he was inside the first chamber, and therefore must be no taller than a thumb. He looked to the crystal casing of the chamber, to try to see if Carl and Pendral were looking down at him the size of Great Angels in the ancient days by comparison, but all he saw was a blue sky with white clouds overhead.
The voice chimed again, Welcome to the first level, Highlander. You must defeat the Guardian to progress. You currently have one stored spell at your disposal. The cheat disc will flash three times to alert you to its position, now.
Adem looked skyward to see a series of ropes dangling from a stretch of steel, and he noticed the cheat button flaring, facing downwards from the top of that metal rod, at the end of fourteen ropes, spaced so far apart he did not even consider trying. One slip and he would fall to his death, a pit of spikes beneath the ropes that hung from a great height above.
The first thing he learnt, much to his dismay, was that his matter manipulation ability did not work in here. He had brought his emerald sword, but he had needed to release Arawn from the blade before entering the trial, as Battle Angels could not survive in this machine.
Having Battle Angels to take on the Guardian Spirit would have made the trial a lot easier, but this test was not made to be easy. It was a test to trial the greatest of warriors, granting its boons only to those that could finish the tasks without extra supernatural aids. Despite the inclusion of up to two spells per level, it was mostly a test of muscle and steel.
The inclusion of the potion creating a surge in Adem’s ability to wield should boost his chances of defeating each Guardian with the first stored spell. 
The path before him was a series of stone stairways, moving off into every other direction, upwards, descending under bridges, it was a kind of multi-level maze formation, with no walls on either side of each path, and more fields of spikes below.
He had the chance to turn back now, and give the task to Pendral, but he had to try, this was something he needed to do on his own. He could not risk his son dying before he had achieved so many wondrous things in this world. With the blade hilt gripped, though still sheathed, he began to trot around the pathways, learning parts of the maze before the Guardian was released. He was pushed for speed, but he thought it couldn’t hurt to learn the terrain a little better before facing whatever beast this level had in store.
He’d spent some time wandering the maze when the female voice started again. Level One Guardian Spirit is loading now. At that point, Adem began preparing to form a spell, but found that Angel-Magic was there, but out of reach. ‘Arkendriel, how do I use my first spell?’ he asked.
You may call me Bringhingir, Adem Highlander. I will be your guide throughout the Arkendriel. Spells may be implemented from a multiple-choice menu. Say “show spells”, and the spell chart will become visible.
‘Bringhingir, show spells, please!’ Adem watched as dozens of golden scaled demons appeared in the sky, flying with ribbed yellow batwings, they appeared to be Grenloc, though combined with a lizard’s hide and tail. Their skulls were squarish bronzed formations with large golden cat’s eyes that glowed like lanterns.
At his request, a transparent panel of a circular disc appeared before him, as Bringhingir began to name each spell on the list, such as, Pixie Warden Spell One, produces a vast swarm of Fire Sprites to take down multiple enemies at once. Adem didn’t waste time hearing others, as this one seemed most suitable. He dodged a blast of flame hurled by one of the Lizard Grenloc as he shouted, ‘Bringhingir, release Pixie Warden Spell One! Please!’


*** 

Carl watched as Adem’s first spell was released, a swarm of tiny blue glowing spheres that charged through the air to blast the small golden creatures out of the sky. With Pendral at his side, the half-blood gazed with wonder at the Arkendriel, occasionally stating that it would be a remarkable invention to study further, with the hope of creating other machines just like it.
It was then that Carl realised how similar the Gauntlet was to Pendral’s Komputah, and at this point Carl began to wonder whether bringing the man here had begun the path to Pendral’s invention of the global computing machine. The machine had been wonderful in many ways, though the Sons and Daughter had soon learnt of the dangers it posed, and were forced to destroy Komputah, to allow Angel-Magic to be wielded by all common Alit’aren and Ael Tarael once more. Children of Odin were among the few wielders still able to harness the true forms of Angel-Magic during that time, and most of those were able to wield teron or terael in its purest forms, untouched by the Schism or the curse.
This seemed to be an example of a causal loop, a moment in time that brought about the invention of Komputah: that existed in the distant future where Carl and Adem first arrived.  Though this moment suggested that in effect, Adem and Carl must’ve already visited the past, here and now, to introduce Pendral to this machine that would inspire the invention of Komputah. It was the chicken or the egg conundrum, the question of “how could one exist without the other?” It was part of Carl’s studies on Earth in philosophy that suggested such causal loops were the reason travelling in time to the past was most likely impossible. Elarja had certainly kicked that theory in the head, but that didn’t make the mind-twisting sequence of events any easier to understand!
With the flying creatures defeated, Adem swiftly made his approach to a stone ladder against a pillar of rock, with the disc to enter the second level now glowing transparent pearl. Pendral touched a finger to his hooked beak of a nose, thick dark brows drooping down in a peaceful expression as he regarded Carl to remark, ‘So far, so good.’

***
Adem pressed his palm against the end of level disc, as the same bright light surrounded his vision, then when it faded, he was definitely standing in the next chamber, as Bringhingir spoke the words, Welcome to Level Two, Highlander, stay on your guard. 
Adem gazed across the new playing field and looked higher to locate the end of level disc, after Bringhingir announced that the cheat disc would flash three times. He didn’t even bother looking for the cheat disc, as he knew it would be beyond his abilities. But his gaze was distracted by another man climbing the laddered tower to the end of level disc.
The man was swift, suggesting Elf-Kin, yet even at this distance he could see it was no Elf, and he was almost certain he knew who it was. But that was impossible. ‘Bringhingir, who else is in the maze with me?’ 
I cannot divulge that information, forgive me, Adem Highlander. It is top secret information.
‘Declassify immediately,’ Adem insisted, ‘under order of the Blue Water Dragon.’
I’m afraid the other contestant specified that his identity remain unknown. My apologies, I’m trying to be a good guide, and host, Adem Highlander.
‘Bringhingir, is it Wil Martyr in the maze with me? I demand that you tell me.’
I am unable to confirm or deny. 
Well that was good enough, fortunately for Adem, Bringhingir was not a very good liar. But what the hell was Wil doing here, in the past, and in the maze? He was certain now that it had been him, though the man had not turned before pressing the end of level disc to progress to the next chamber. Adem wished to catch up with him to learn what he could, but before he took another step Bringhingir spoke the words, Level Two Guardian Spirit loading now. Things will get more difficult as we progress, Highlander. Be wary. 
A portcullis was raised on one side of the arena style area where Adem stood, and from the doorway a dark beast that looked slick and oily emerged, its bulk the size of four elephants standing on six insect-type legs, with seven long necks of giant black serpents, their eyes burned with red heat, and one coughed up a spurt of yellow flame.
While searching through the spell menu, Adem gestured towards the next chamber with his sword, gazing up at the grey clouded skies where he hoped Carl and Pendral were watching, and would hopefully see him. He hoped this would lead them to then check the next chamber and discover if it truly were Wil Martyr progressing through the maze ahead of them.
Why would Wil come here and not tell them? Why would he try to finish the maze before Adem? Did he intend to steal the Fists of Odin for himself? 
Has he betrayed us? Why else would he not tell us he is here? 
The logic of those last questions filled him with a deep sense of dread. Too many questions needed answering, and fast!

***

It took Carl some time to realise that Adem must have been signalling to him, gesturing with that emerald blade while he dodged the flames of those many headed serpents. Adem still had not used his first stored spell against the creature, which is what made Carl curious enough to look towards the direction Adem was pointing.
The arena and surrounding maze were empty except for Adem and the monster he was fighting, though Carl looked and looked, until Pendral moved to the next chamber and gasped before pointing and shouting, ‘There is another man in the maze! That must be why Father was pointing this way!’ Pendral gave the Giant Wizard a scandalized expression as he asked, ‘Why were we not told of this other contestant? Who is this man? Why did he go in ahead of us?’
‘That is something I was expressly ordered not to disclose,’ the Giant replied in his rumbling tone. ‘My sincere apologies, but the man was also of great importance in this world, perhaps an equal. Would that explain things better?’
‘That’s not possible!’ Carl shouted. Then he scrambled towards the next chamber, to gaze at the thumb sized man making his way about the labyrinthine terrain. It was Wil! He couldn’t believe his eyes, but even at that size there was no mistaking the man. The fact that he did not cover his face with his hood suggested he wished to be identified, but why didn’t he come to them and explain why he was here? He shouted to Wil, waving, and calling his name, until the old Giant explained, ‘He can neither see you, nor hear a word you are saying in there. We were told not to let you know that this man had arrived until you discovered it for yourselves. The man, that is, Wil Martyr, said this mission of his was not something he could easily explain, and that his visit to this time only allowed one traveller, to visit here and return to his original destination. I hope this gets me off the hook?’ 
‘If Wil is here,’ Carl demanded, ‘where is Elarja RinHannen?’
‘The Time Strider was here earlier, but he has left, for now, and does not wish to speak with either you or Adem Highlander.’ The Giant dry washed his hands with a pleading expression.
‘What about me?’ Pendral asked. ‘Surely Old Elarja wishes to converse with me, and he can explain what this is all about.’
‘Lord RinHannen expressly stated that he most certainly does not wish to speak with you, Lord Dragon-Sword,’ the Giant replied with a sniff. ‘Again, these are matters of which I know only that which I was told. I beg your forgiveness for this inconvenience.’
‘Incon-bloody-venience?’ Carl spluttered, while Pendral appeared flabbergasted that Elarja did not wish to see or speak with him. Apparently those two had already been on quite a few adventures during Pendral’s earlier lifetime. This was all very odd, and Carl needed answers quickly.
‘I will enter the maze to waylay Wil Martyr and inquire of his business,’ Pendral suggested, which seemed a good idea, until Carl thought of Wil’s feelings towards Pendral— murderous feelings!—and he slowly replied, ‘No, that would not be very good.’
‘Does the third Odin Son hold ill feelings towards me?’ Pendral asked aghast.
Carl had to think quickly: too much information could be fatal to the timelines. ‘I think it would be better if I go first,’ he said finally. ‘Wil will be much more accommodating with me, I believe, and so, if I must, I must.’
He made his way to the large convex disc—after releasing Math Mathonwy into the atmosphere—to enter the Arkendriel, but before pressing his hand to the disc he looked to Pendral to say, ‘Do not attempt to follow us, unless I give this signal.’ He then spun the black glass spear in front of his face and body, twice right, once left, then once right, twice left. ‘If we get stuck, I will give this signal until I know you are on your way.’
‘My father always said you were a man with a great mind, Carl Wilder,’ Pendral replied, ‘I shall stay put and await your signal.’


Chapter 10


A Strange Companion

Wil and Hayley met at the rallying point with Jean and Janeanne, and soon the other main leaders such as Rayne and Rievenna, Tarz and his most trusted Forsaken, were leaping out of holes in the air, spreading their ranks upon the grasslands overlooking the forest from a high plateau. The Asgardics were a failure to some extent, as the forces thrown against them were too much for even the last Son of Odin and the Daughter of Thor to contend with.
More Portal-Spells opened further back, as thousands of Forsaken men and women in black coats and armour, and many more Dark Elves in their native warrior garb began spilling out to spread across the landscape, each face wary for the next attack, their bodies poised like cautious felines ready to strike back.
Elarja was there also, and while the generals and captains discussed their next battle plans, Wil was soon in a huddled meeting with the Time Strider and a small number of Heroes of Will. It was Jarien Stone-Spear that had made the discovery, identifying the staff Adem had wielded in the last battle, as a relic once stored in a device called the Arkendriel. It was on an island somewhere northeast, amidst the North Seas, though Elarja assured Wil he knew the location.
This discovery told them where the staff was most likely recovered from, and Elarja’s leaping through Portal-Spells a number of times in the last hour or more, had indicated the exact date that Adem and Carl had entered the Arkendriel, that Elarja learnt from studying secret texts about the adventures of Adem and Carl during their time spent in the Age of Chaos. 
Where these texts were found; and how long Elarja had known about them, the man would not say, but Wil could not argue with the man’s logic, he was extremely resourceful in such times of great need.
‘The stones are still malfunctioning,’ Elarja explained. ‘I can only take one person with me, so it had better be you, Wil. I suggest we do not engage with Highlander or Wilder during this mission, as the stones are not yet strong enough to bring them back with us. We’ll simply get there ahead of them, insist on secrecy, and recover the Fists of Odin before they get the chance.’
‘If you think it will work,’ Wil agreed.
‘That’s the strange thing about time travel,’ Elarja replied with a fierce grin, ‘in a way, it possibly already has worked. But one other thing, you must not attempt to harm Pendral as his younger self. Bringing about his death so long before he fought countless battles to serve the Armies of the All-Father, could tip the balance directly in the Jinn-Lord’s favour. Do you give me your word?’
‘I cannot make such promises!’
‘You must, or I will take another. But I fear it must be you, for us to succeed. Have your battles with Pendral when you return to this timeline, where he is mad and corrupted. But do not murder an innocent man who is still filled with honour and virtue.’


***

Carl was disappointed almost as soon as he entered the Arkendriel. He soon learnt that magic was not available to him in its usual form, and that a limited number of spells were all that could be chosen from a multiple-choice menu. This was disturbing, as Carl had hoped his knowledge of magic would give him an edge that Adem was lacking, though Carl should have considered the question of why Adem also could not wield his matter manipulation powers in this gauntlet trial. That should have indicated the types of restrictions placed on contestants, though Carl had still been hopeful that he could cheat to some degree.
That did not seem possible now however, although he passed through the first level quite easily, and before long he was joining Adem in a contest against the giant serpent headed creature. They shook hands and retreated to one of the higher levels of the maze, to consider their tactics. One advantage of two combatants: was that each could use their single stored spells against the same Guardian Spirit.
The option to use one spell to reach the cheat button was not available however, as it was not a choice on the spell menu, so that ruined the chance of another obvious cheat tactic. If it were possible, one spell could be used to reach the cheat disc, which always contained a spell strong enough to do more serious damage to the Guardians. The theory was that if the monster could not be defeated with the cheat spell: that would still leave a spare spell with the other contestant to try to finish off the monster. Adem and Carl discussed these possibilities with some degree of frustration as they tried to work out how to beat the machine. 
Again, Carl was in no condition to attempt to reach the cheat discs by means of physical endurance. Adem still had his giant leaping technique available, but it did not include the ability to throw himself great distances from hanging ropes for example. After both had used their stored spell against the Hydra type Guardian, to no avail, they realised their only hope of passing through before sunset—which would result in their deaths—was if they insisted on Pendral joining the contest.
Carl stood waving his staff in the pattern he had shown Pendral and continued to do this until Bringhingir informed them that Pendral had entered the Arkendriel. Their other reason for seeking his help, was that both Adem and Carl had taken a small dose of the potion, and without the ability to wield teron at will, they were both becoming quite dizzy and a little drowsy. Fortunately, Pendral was soon by their side, and had already collected the first cheat disc. They both watched as the man scaled heights and swung from ropes and poles to reach the second cheat disc. That gave him two very powerful stored spells—that could be saved through each level progression—as well as another normal stored spell that he used to destroy the Hydra.
Another great surprise of the cheat spells was that they included the option to leap through a level without fighting a Guardian Spirit. Though, this came at the cost of spending that first cheat spell.

*** 

‘I give my word, Elarja,’ Wil admitted, ‘I will not harm Pendral except in self-defence.’
‘Good, then shall we begin?’
‘What about helping Adem and Carl with their illness. We can’t take enough medicine back to last them the next lifetime, but we could take them the recipe.’
Elarja shook his head with some degree of urgency. The sounds of demons scaling the mountainside warned of their imminent approach, along with the eerie cry of those cursed wolves. The wolves had their scent, and they were leading the Boli-Kuldr, Nymloc and Jacoulra up the slopes. ‘The recipe would simply alert the Jinn-Lord much earlier to plants and herbs, and other ingredients that he would try to wipe off the face of Kismeria. You also know I can’t bring the Druid back with us, so what else do you suggest?’
‘Could you create a kind of talisman, something like the Time Stones,’ Jean asked, ‘to help them leap forward in time, even a short jump? It could help with the amount of time they endure the corruption of teron.’
Wil watched Elarja’s eyebrows rise at that question, his eyes going wide, then lidded in deep thought. ‘It’s possible,’ Elarja admitted. ‘It will drain more of the Time Stones’ energy, but I might be able to provide them a short jump. It will take me some time to create it though. You’ll need to hold them off while I craft the device. I require something to enchant, an earring, a necklace ... any piece of jewellery will suffice.’
‘Use this!’ Jean said, handing over her wedding ring.
‘This is a precious gift to risk,’ Elarja mused. ‘Are you certain you wish to part with this?’
‘Unless Adem is restored to me,’ Jean said, ‘it’s worthless. Use it. Tell him I was desperate to save him. He’ll understand ... I hope.’

***

Wil saw Pendral reappear the moment Elarja sat and began to enchant Jean’s wedding ring. Adem and Carl appeared moments later, along with Ellagon Elfin-Blood, and Shaye Eagle-Soul. All five men were still gripped by the mad rage of possession demons, though Wil was never certain whether Pendral, or Koriken, was also possessed. Perhaps he was just raving mad.
By instinct Wil and Hayley mouthed the name of their daughter, and as the Battle Angel Enserah appeared in gleaming emerald-pearl, Wil spoke to her with his mind, urging her to focus her Shield-Spheres on Hayley and Elarja. Hayley turned to glare at him with fear and anger, as Wil launched towards Pendral while summoning Dis Pater. The massive male figure appeared behind Pendral to hack at the man with his great golden axe. Sparks flew off Pendral’s Jinn-Shield, though the man gave a backhanded fist towards Dis Pater, sending the Battle Angel flying to land with a heavy thud. Pendral was getting much stronger, somehow.
Wil roared with bloodlust, ‘Murderer!’
Pendral sneered, as the battlefield lit up around him. Fire Pythons launched from a grey clouded sky amidst snowfall, the moonlight still penetrating through the gloom. Neon blue lightning bolts tore across the earth on all sides, as Adem, Carl, Ellagon and Shaye fought against hundreds of wielders, while Wil charged with the speed of immortal blood, hurling a bolt of golden fire at Pendral’s Shield-Sphere before leaping, as his axe struck downwards, blocked by Pendral’s blade burning bright crimson and black.
‘You wounded me quite severely, Odin Son,’ Pendral replied, sending Wil flying backwards with a simple pushing motion. ‘I returned to claim my revenge.’
Wil landed on his feet, as Pendral flew towards him on wings of red flame, striking down at Wil’s skull, barely deflected in time with the obsidian axe. They fought with the speed of immortal kind, and it took only moments for Wil to know he was outmatched, which surely meant Pendral had never intended to kill his father. Adem was a tortoise compared to the speed with which Wil could move a blade, or run, dodge, parry, and block. He had surely been playing games with Adem from the beginning, hoping that the Dark Prophecies would be fulfilled. And they surely had been now.
Pendral was soon pushing Wil towards the edge of the plateau, and no matter how fast Wil stepped, dodged, or swung his axe blade, Pendral always outmanoeuvred him, pushing closer to the cliff face. Pendral gestured again, and Wil was sent flying backwards, scrambling at the cliff to gain a grip, as lightning bolts surged around Pendral. Attacks from those trying to distract him that barely disturbed his Jinn-Shield.  
A great crash of thunder filled the air, as Pendral stared down at Wil with dark eyes burning with madness and contempt. When the man looked down at him with those eyes, he was surely no longer Pendral in heart or soul. He was Koriken, High-Seat of the Jinn-Lord.
 Wil was hanging on with one hand, his other still gripping the axe, though he had gained a broken bone when trying to grasp with the edge of the axe blade. His feet were dangling over a drop of three hundred feet. He dared not look down. Pendral raised that tainted blade for the final strike.

***

Pendral had reached the same level as Wil Martyr, using the cheat discs to travel through a number of levels without the need to battle any Spirit Guardians. It seemed the Elfish man had also managed to reach a number of cheat discs, as Pendral spotted Wil Martyr launching through the air from swinging ropes at the top of Level Seven. Pendral was soon pursuing the same cheat disc, which was located at the top of a number of high towers, reached by the swinging ropes then scaled with precarious footholds, a feat only Elf blood could achieve. Though Wil Martyr seemed to have Elf Blood flowing in his veins the way he easily manoeuvred the course ahead of him.
Before long both men were scaling the towers, and at a certain point Wil looked down to spot Pendral, at which point the man’s eyes became enraged, and he screamed the words, ‘Murderer!’ He seemed compelled to hurl a bolt of lightning or anything he could obtain to knock Pendral from his position. At this point Pendral called out to him, ‘Wil Martyr, I mean you no harm. Tell me of this wrong I have done to you, or your kin. And I will gladly pay the debt in whatever way I am able.’
‘Liar!’ Wil Martyr roared, dropping several feet to cling to the tower face from new footholds, at which point, he tried to step on Pendral’s fingers to make him fall to his death. Pendral was too swift however, and he leapt to one side, clinging to a new support, then scrambled up beside Wil Martyr to clutch him by the shoulder, locking his right arm in place, to prevent him from drawing his axe. ‘I do not lie, Wil Martyr. I know nothing of this wrong I have done to make you hate me so. Please, I beg your forgiveness ...’ As the words left his mouth, he lost his footing and his right-hand grip slipped free. 
He hung in the air, still gripping Wil Martyr’s arm, though his grip had slipped till the two men held each other only by the fingers. For the first time he could recall, Pendral feared for his life. The fall was far and deadly, with a pit of spikes below. He looked up at Wil Martyr’s face to see open rage and hatred directed towards him. If Pendral had truly murdered someone close to this man, the victim must have been very dear to him indeed. ‘Please, Wil Martyr! I beg your forgiveness. I mean you no harm. Please allow me to redeem myself.’

***

Wil was ready to do the deed. He wanted to avenge his daughter, and his blood was hot for doing murder. He need only let his grip fail, and Pendral would surely die from the fall. He could lie his way out of it. He could insist he had tried to save him, but that his strength was not in it. But Adem was technical about truth and lies. He would find a way to seek the truth.
As he listened to the man’s pleas, he looked into those eyes, and saw a man that was open, kind-hearted, and decent, an honourable hero. ‘Please, Wil Martyr, I cannot hold on much longer.’
Wil bit down on his hatred with a heavy sigh. ‘Neither can I,’ he replied, before heaving with all his strength to lift Pendral back to a perch of safety, supporting the man until he had a steady grip on the wall.
‘One thing you can do for me,’ Wil told him before they began to climb. ‘Allow me to finish the Arkendriel first. It is very important. I have not betrayed Carl and Adem. I am trying to save them. I can’t tell you more than this, but please let me go on ahead. Count to five hundred before you proceed to the next level. That should be enough time.’
‘I owe you my life, Wil Martyr. What you ask is a small favour as repayment.’
Without giving it much thought, Wil opened the stopper on the gourd of potion. ‘A drink to our friendship?’ Wil took a sip to show it was not poison, and after a moment’s hesitation, Pendral took a small sip also, after Wil warned him it was very potent stuff. The man’s dark eyes seemed to be lifted from a cloud of menace and ill will, that had been brooding there, beneath the surface. ‘A miracle,’ he breathed. ‘A toast to your good health, Wil Martyr!’
‘And to you, Pendral Dragon-Sword.’

***

Koriken was ready to do murder, then and there. Even a Son of Odin was still of great worth to the High-Jinn, even in death Wil Martyr would still serve him. With his blade raised high and ready to strike, a great crash of thunder roared, as dozens of bolts fried the air around his Jinn-Shield. Pendral was untouched by the onslaught, though as those fires crackled around his Shield-Magic, he felt a few small pinpricks touching his back, and in moments his demented mind was suddenly healed by some miraculous source. Pendral was reminded of a moment in time, long ago, when he faced death at the hands of this man, Wil Martyr, during a trial within the Arkendriel. The feeling he had now was the same as when they had drunk a toast to their friendship and good health.
Perhaps the memory had been brought to the surface by the conflicting magic frying around his protective sphere, perhaps, but whatever reason for the recall, this memory like so many others were hidden in depths controlled by the Magic of the Jinn-Lord. 
In that moment, he was no longer Koriken. He was Pendral Dragon-Sword, a hero of honour and virtue. He lowered the sword at the same moment he leant over to clutch the man by his slipping grip, their hands locked around each other’s forearms a moment before Wil Martyr was hauled to safety.
‘I hope my debt to you is now paid in full, Wil Martyr. But let me see if I can help you win this battle also.’
The man stood glaring back at Pendral with open disbelief. ‘Is it truly you, Pendral? Are you good again?’
‘Indeed,’ Pendral replied with a smile, ‘it appears that I am.’ Thunder roared enough to wake the dead.

***

Adem, Carl and Pendral reached the end of the Arkendriel well before sunset, though Pendral had delayed catching up with Wil Martyr after their first encounter and would not explain further other than that the two of them had made a deal. When they reached the end of the final level, Bringhingir spoke to Adem’s mind to offer him a choice of rewards.
‘Bringhingir, show me the Fists of Odin,’ Adem said urgently, the three of them now returned to full size outside the Arkendriel, where a similar menu on a metallic golden sphere shone transparent in front of their eyes.
I’m sorry to tell you, Highlander, but Wil Martyr has already taken the Fists of Odin with him.
Adem heard himself growling in his throat, though in his mind he was howling. ‘Did he tell you why he did this?’ he asked with a high degree of scorn. 
Wil Martyr did not explain his reasons, though he did tell me to let you know that he left you a gift.
‘What gift?’ Adem asked.
It is a new addition to the menu, a golden band with a diamond, called the Ring of Travelling. I believe it was crafted by the famed Elarja RinHannen. This ring will allow you to travel between three to four hundred years into the future. I will activate the device when you choose to wield it and pick a date in the future. Do you wish to accept this gift?
‘Yes, I accept, Bringhingir!’ Adem nearly choked before the surge of relief that swept over his rage towards Wil. 
Adem was stunned to realize it was Jean’s wedding ring, and the reasons given by Bringhingir filled him with dread over the possible future he would live. The three of them were allowed three relics each, and after all had chosen what they required, Adem being allowed two more as well as the Ring, Adem asked Bringhingir to activate the Ring of Travelling.
How many of you are going? Bringhingir asked. 
‘Only Carl Wilder and me,’ Adem replied, at which point Pendral began to plead and protest. ‘I know you want to come with me, my son, but your place is here, to guard the people of Kismeria, until we can be reunited.’ Adem doubted he hid his pain at thinking of his future son. ‘Until we meet again, Pendral, always be good. Always trust your own heart. And be good to your Mother.’
After a long embrace, Pendral stepped aside as Carl and Adem prepared for the journey, their Battle Angels returning to them in a flare of colour.
If you are ready, Adem Highlander, I will activate the Ring.
‘Ready, Bringhingir.’
How far into the future do you wish to travel?
‘As far as it will take us would be best, thank you.’
I am activating now. Do you wish to bring your Battle Angels and other reward items with you?
‘YES, I DO!’
Just kidding, have a safe journey!
As a colourful sphere of light encased both Adem and Carl, Adem considered that if Bringhingir really was a Battle Angel, she must be the first he’d ever encountered with a sense of humour. And not a very good one!

Chapter 11


Winter Storm

Hayley stared in wonder when she saw her husband rescued by Koriken, or perhaps he was again Pendral Dragon-Sword. The two stood in conversation as the battle raged around them, a hundred blue bolts piercing the sky with every breath. Hayley had been frozen to the spot by her daughter, Enserah’s Battle Angel Magic shielding Hayley but also keeping her from running to her husband’s aid.
That may have cost Wil his life, if Pendral had not apparently turned back to the side of the All-Father. She suspected Wil had managed to touch Pendral with one of those Shadow Crows, carrying a drop of the potion within its beak. Two or three of those entering the bloodstream would be the most likely reason for such a dramatic result. 
Her hopes were assured by the rush of elation she sensed in Wil’s psyche as Enserah relayed the fact to Hayley’s mind via Wil’s thoughts. A moment later, Pendral touched Wil’s broken arm to wield Healing-Magic, the break had caused Wil considerable pain up till now, from what Hayley could sense of him via the kigare. Then the two men turned to face Adem and Carl, Shaye and Ellagon, as well as a number of Heroes of Will still under control of possession demons. No other Hex-Warlords had shown themselves, yet, which perhaps suggested their aims were not aligned with those of the cursed Sons of Odin.
Pendral whipped his crimson blade in an arc towards Adem Highlander, as a wave of red flame swept across the earth like a raging dragon. Fire and stone launched into the air, flowing towards Highlander, who held up that golden staff and the attack split in two, sheets of lava spreading away from him and the others who fought for him. Hayley looked to Pendral again, who spoke a moment to Wil, and then Dis Pater returned, and grasped her husband under the shoulders to lift him through the air, dropping him safely by Hayley’s side. Elarja still sat, protected by a Shield-Sphere, attempting to enchant Jean’s wedding ring. Pendral flew beside them, landing a moment to regard Hayley and her husband.
‘Keep an eye on your wife, Wil Martyr,’ the man said with dark eyes of mirth, ‘while I try to make my father back down. I fear we will not reach him this day. Though, we must trust to hope.’
‘Wait!’ Wil shouted. ‘First, take a small sip of this potion. It will protect you from the Schism!’ Wil took a sip to show it was not poison.
Pendral took a small sip, then his eyes widened as he exhaled. ‘A miracle,’ he said, ‘A toast to our friendship, Wil Martyr.’
‘And to your good health,’ Wil replied with an earnest grin. Pendral then turned and flew through the air towards his father, red blade and golden staff clashing with a blast of lightning and crash of thunder that shook the heavens.
Isabelle stepped out from behind Hayley’s Shield-Sphere, dark braid swinging behind her slender frame armoured in metallic green light. Her Hero’s spirit-flesh keeping her preserved with the Shield-Spell to act as a wall, hidden behind the blast of Adem’s murderous rage. She fired a dozen Lightning-Arrows directly at Adem’s heart, though to no effect. Terese’s eyes now burned with a mad rage of their own, dark eyes that would tear strips off Adem’s skin if he ever returned to his senses. Her silver-blue blade shone like a small star as the Heroes of Will appeared to be in a state of Elemental Fortification.

***

Wil watched as Adem and Carl summoned their Battle Angels, Arawn and Math Mathonwy still loyal to the Sons of Odin, despite their being controlled by possession demons. Perhaps this is why even Battle Angels had never known for certain whether these possession spirits existed throughout history, as evidently, they did not even realise that Adem and Carl were helpless victims of the Jinn-Lord’s minions.
Dis Pater and Enserah stood guard around Hayley and Wil, as Pendral hovered in the air with Arawn and Math Mathonwy attacking with crimson blade and garnet spear. But Pendral fought back with ease, landing blows with his fists that knocked the two much larger opponents backwards, falling several paces in the air before soaring higher on wings of fire. 
Pendral continued to defend himself with Shield-Magic, that the two Angels could not break, while his fists flew in blasts of red flame, each time sending his victims flying further into the distance, and each time Arawn and Math were slower to recover. Wil prayed this strange new companion remained on their side long enough to restore Adem and Carl to their senses.
Moments later a warp of Air-and-Fire-Magic revealed six Hex-Warlords, dark cloaked and hovering in mid-air around Adem and Carl. So, his hopes that these enemies would not stand together had been dashed. 
In another warp of crimson, Serock also appeared, and the former Vampireking appeared to still be loyal to the All-Father, as he lashed out with waves of Hellfire, raising a fist that released webs of garnet flame that struck Jinn-Shields of the Hex-Warlords, the cloaked enemies wailing in pain before four of the six vanished in a warp.
Garbed in Alit’aren black coat and trousers, with an Aldebrand cloak spilling down his back, Serock danced through the lightning and struck again with bolts of pure crimson, two bolts aimed for the hearts of the remaining Hex-Warlords, who fell in balls of flame. Though, both vanished before touching the snow-covered grasses.
Pendral swung his fists to punch first Arawn then Math as balls of orange flame leapt from his knuckles, bathing the Battle Angels in waves of Fire-Magic, before both Angels collapsed and did not stir again. They could not be killed, but Pendral seemed able to seriously wound them, enough to take them out of action for the time being.
Adem lifted that glowing golden staff: burning now like the flames of the sun, almost blinding to behold. Still protected by Enserah’s Shield-Magic, Wil watched as Adem unleashed waves of that golden light, and all around them, hundreds of Forsaken and Dark Elves, as well as Hayley’s loyal vampires and werewolves, were suddenly no longer there. The staff seemed to have vaporized them into nothing more than floating dust!
Wil roared with panic, as his eyes fell upon Jean and Janeanne. Jean must have ordered Tanriel and Anwen to also protect Janeanne first and foremost, as the Shield-Spells around Highlander’s daughter were maintained. Wil stared in horror, to see that in a matter of seconds, Jean’s body ceased to exist! One moment she stood beside her daughter, then a wave of that golden light enveloped her weaker Shield-Sphere, and the next moment, she was gone.
Joined in the kigare to Jean by their Battle Angel Links in days past, even Wil and Hayley felt as if a precious part of their very core had just been ripped out of them! Her death was a suffering perhaps more acute than when they lost Enserah, for Wil at least had not been joined to his daughter’s soul before her demise. The pain that opened up inside his chest was hot corrosive venom, scarring vile loathsome heartache so incredible he wondered how he could still be standing. For Hayley it was just as terrible, though Wil wondered how Adem and Carl could avoid the pain they were both experiencing.
Adem had murdered his own wife! Yet the look on the man’s rabid visage was the scowl of a madman who barely even knew he was breathing, despite being hellbent on the destruction of all those who served the All-Father!

***

Adem crept further through the cave tunnel, towards the smaller chamber where he could see the sludge webbing holding Alex to the wall. This was the reason for the mission, to save the son of the man that had gifted Adem the Samurai blade, and Joel the Sabre-Tooth machine gun.
As he approached the doorway between tunnel and chamber, a tall man who was unmistakably Elfish, walked to stand before the doorway, jet black eyes like menacing dark seeds of malevolence regarded Adem, the man was tan skinned, with the signature pointed ears and a foot more height than Adem on a muscular but thin physique.
‘Highlander; is it really you?’ asked the immortal in a strong deep voice.
‘You know me?’ Adem asked.
‘I know of you. But you don’t remember, do you? The day we crossed over.’
‘Crossed over from where?’
‘You already know the answer to that one,’ the man replied after a booming chuckle. ‘You would know from one look at me, my height, my eyes, and my ears. You would know one of us at first sight. Not just immortal, but of Nightwalker blood. Surely you remember the day?’
‘Remind me of what I need to know,’ Adem said. ‘And I will let you live, if you let me take the boy back to his father.’
‘What does this human matter to you?’ the vampire asked in anger.
‘He belongs to someone we owe a favour or two. And he’s innocent. He should be saved if there is any chance of being rescued. That’s all.’
‘So be it!’ the immortal hissed with white fangs jutting below his upper lips. ‘You remember at least that you had turned to the Shadow?’
‘I might recall something,’ Adem remarked.
‘Yes, yes you remember that I’m sure. And the death of your wife, do you recall who murdered her?’
A shocking lance of pain burst through Adem’s chest, but it was just the agony of recalling that fateful day when he had wielded the Staff to destroy his darling wife. He clutched his chest by instinct, and the vampire chuckled again.
‘Yes, you remember.’ He seemed to delight in causing Adem such torture. ‘It was shortly after, when the mad rage took you, that Carl Wilder opened the Portal.’
‘What Portal?’ Adem asked aghast.
‘I speak of the doorway, between our world, and this one. Wilder opened the door, and though we were but few—sent by Koncha to hunt down and capture Hayley Martyr, we were flying over the battle, where you held enough Angel-Magic to crack the planet like an eggshell, or so we believed when Wilder’s Portal appeared above us in the sky—we fled through it, fearing your wrath while holding so much of teron.’
‘So, you’re saying, the Sons of Odin brought the vampires to Earth?’
‘Now you truly see,’ the man’s laughter echoed through the chamber. ‘But whoever, the Jinn-Lord, the Sons of Odin, we are all fighting the same battle here. As your Earthlings say, it’s all about “survival of the fittest”, and these wretched mortals will be farmed like cattle under our superior ruling. They will not hold out for much longer. Surely you know that already.’ Alex was wakened and began to stir, still confined by the gelatinous goo. ‘I can tell you no more than this, as we passed through the Portal and made this our new home. But that was many years ago. Different worlds, different dimensions and varying timelines, even RinHannen must have trouble understanding it all.’
‘I remember!’ Adem admitted. ‘Flee from here now, back the way you came. If my friend finds you here, you will not live long.’ Those black eyes peered over Adem’s shoulder, looking concerned as the roar of Sabre-Tooth filled the air from a distance.
‘They say an honourable man is one who keeps his bargains, Adem Highlander. I hope we never meet again.’
‘If I can do anything about that,’ Adem replied, ‘we never will!’
The vampire turned, as if about to flee, before he looked back and said, ‘The madness still has you. I see it now, in your eyes, and hear it in your voice. It makes you strong, yes? The Great Hero arisen!’ His tones were mocking with a hint of fear. ‘But you are madder than a cut snake, madder than a cat in custard. A pity, if there were still a way to reverse the effects, perhaps there would still be hope for all of us. Perhaps it would mean our chance at salvation.’ He seemed to consider that last word perhaps quite precious. He turned to leave, when Adem called out, ‘Wait! Those visions, not the ones of Jean, I know they were to distract me, or perhaps my illness creeping over. But the others, that giant Earth Spirit, the Witches, Carl Wilder at Bright, did you make those to trick me?’
‘That was me,’ the vampire confessed. ‘Perhaps some part of the Jinn-Lord that still works within my soul. No, they were not false images. You knew some of them to be true of your past, such as Gaia, the Great Angel of the Ancient Ones, before even Odin. That was of your past, others will be your future, if you follow the path. There is still a chance to save us all. That is, if you can find a way back.’
‘What of your great plans?’ Adem asked in return mockery. ‘To farm my people like cattle and rule the world?’
‘Even a vampire grows tired of fresh blood, no matter how rich and delicious.’ The vampire’s eyes turned from large black seeds to bright emerald rings, around large dark centres that regarded Adem with a solemn expression. ‘Even an immortal yearns for the long sleep after so many millennia. Sometimes, I wish I were still a wheat farmer ... working the land, with my Old Papa.’
‘I see,’ Adem said. ‘One other thing, you said it was the Jinn-Lord’s touch that made you create those visions. Why would the Jinn-Lord try to help me?’
‘I believe the Jinn-Lord is just not finished with you.’ The immortal’s chuckle was mirthless. ‘Perhaps there is still something He needs from you, but the game is not over till He says it’s over. He wants to beat you, thoroughly, on His terms. The only way that would be possible, is if you return to Kismeria.’

***

‘We have to get the potion into one of them!’ Hayley was shouting over the rumbling thunder of the winter storm. A tornado tunnel of snowflakes whirled around Pendral and the two Battle Angels, Arawn and Math, as the two Angels attempted to overpower the man with a Link.
Dis Pater was still guarding Wil, Hayley and Elarja, as was Enserah and Druantia, the three Angels now wielding a vast store of their strength to preserve Wil’s, Hayley’s and Elarja’s flesh from that devastating magic of the Staff of golden fire. Adem had cleared the battlefield for the most part, as the Dark Elves and Forsaken that had survived the initial expanding spheres of golden light, had fled through Portal-Spells, either higher up the mountainside, or perhaps back to the forest where Elf Kin still fought thousands of demons in the Asgardic tournament. Not all had been given the alert to move to the rallying point, and so perhaps those that returned to the forest felt a need to save their Brothers and Sisters, as well as their own skin. There was little else they could do when faced with such destruction.
Wil had one idea, and after speaking to Dis Pater via the kigare, he lifted the potion flask with the stopper pulled, and a few tiny droplets floated out of the mouth piece, that were picked up in the beaks of a number of Flame Crows that appeared in a morph of shadow and flame. Eyes of blood-flame: glossy black feathers as if made from oiled silk, the Crows flew like arrows towards Highlander and Wilder, though they dissipated against a wave of that golden light. That was not going to work! It had only worked against Pendral as that massive strike of lightning bolts had disabled his Jinn-Shield for the brief moment Wil’s Crows were able to spike Pendral with the potion.
Then Pendral returned to Wil’s side, and Wil explained their plan. Pendral lifted the potion flask from Wil’s fingers, and turned to face his father with grim determination. ‘I will see it done, or I shall die trying,’ Pendral promised.
‘There’s no need for such heroics,’ Hayley shouted over the thunder. ‘Just do your best and return to us if you fail.’ Pendral nodded: then flew like a lightning bolt towards Adem, wings now of blue feathered flame glowing from his shoulder blades like some exotic eagle. Blade and Staff collided; thunder ripped the air after lightning flashed to turn night into daylight. Yet moments later the storm subsided, the funnel of snowflakes dissipating, as Arawn put down Math Mathonwy with a heavy strike of his blade. That meant Pendral had not yet reached Carl with the potion, though Wil looked to Adem with a shred of hope. 
It seemed either Pendral or Adem had closed a Shield-Trap down around Carl also: keeping him cut off from Angel-Magic and bound with hands pressed to his sides. Carl wielded a new spear that burned with white light, though Wil’s heightened senses detected a surface like carved grey stone. At this point, Shaye, Ellagon and the remaining Heroes of Will under possession all fled through warps of crimson flame.
From what he could sense of his old friend via the kigare, Adem was now feeling the full force of the pain of Jean’s death. It was as if he could think rationally again, so perhaps he had been forced to try the potion. That still left the struggle against the possession demons, but there was a chance to win them back.
Adem fell forwards, to hands and knees, that golden staff still clutched in right fist, though the light had almost dimmed completely. His wizard’s hat fell to the snow blanketed field, blowing away in the wind of the remaining force of that tornado. The man sobbed; Wil could hear it easily with teron in his veins. Then the sobs turned to wailing. Adem screamed, and it was like nothing Wil had ever heard from his friend before. This was not the madness. It was the loss of everything that made Adem who he was. He could never live long with the murder of Jean on his conscience. But they needed him to!

*** 
Adem gave his last anguished gasp: then gripped the Staff of Restoration and Ruination, as a wave of force seemed to make the earth shudder as he began to stand. It was not intended to harm anyone, just to give warning that he was ready to do serious damage, though his target was now the remaining demons, and those cursed wolves that prowled on the edges of the plateau.
He clasped a hand to Pendral’s shoulder, and almost grunted in his ear, ‘Make him drink!’ Adem had no time to rescue Carl from that possession demon. There was still one fighting to regain control of Adem, and so he took another sip of potion before Pendral moved to force the liquid down Carl’s throat. Adem glanced back once to see a thrashing violent faced possession victim suddenly be still, becoming the calm and reasoned expression of his old friend, Carl Wilder.
But Adem was not calm. Even a mad rage would not suit the mood he was in. He was livid, driven for revenge like never before. They had forced him to murder Jean, his dearest heart, his one true love. She had also been his wife, and mother of their daughter Janeanne, who would surely never forgive him for his crime.
Wings of Odin fanned from Adem’s shoulders as he raised his form high into the sky, looking down at the snowfields and mountainside where demons continued to clamber and surge, dark bony forms of muscle and hide, spiked and plated armour or chain mail on Boli-Kuldr and some Nymloc. He would destroy them all. He would destroy everything. It was the only way to end it. He would summon enough of teron to collapse Kerak’Otozi into the void of oblivion!
A wind picked up, the snow swirling around his form as lightning bolts pierced the sky, striking the mountain and further out like a new Awakening of Odin. Thunder rumbled through the air, loud enough to tear the fabric of space and time, as blue blazing bolts appeared by the thousands, stretching into the distance in every direction. Where those bolts touched ground, they would vaporize demons, as well as any man, bird, or beast, but Adem was too far gone to care for anything other than revenge.
Teron was a blizzard of erupting volcanoes surging through a system of organs and veins, muscle and bone that was removed from the corruption of teron via the miracle potion. Those small sips he’d taken, combined with the Staff, gave him enough strength in Angel-Magic to tear the earth into shreds, raising mountains from the seas and turning mountains into valleys. He was ready to unleash the Angel-Magic too, enough to tear this world apart in a way that would match the internal struggle he felt for mastering his misery. No Alit’aren breathing or meditation techniques could ever cure the guilt that overwhelmed his conscience. He was a madman, and a murderer, and he had failed the world. But perhaps now there was one last act he could perform that would make things right!
Before unleashing the Angel-Magic, he noticed a vast Portal-Spell surrounded by a white glow appear directly above him in the sky, over three hundred feet or higher over his head. A swarm of vampires were also seen flying close to the Portal-Magic, then they seemed to flee his wrath in terror, flying through the opening by the hundreds if not thousands.
A moment later a speeding object tore through the surface of the plateau and reached out for Adem like a giant fist of stone and soil, grasping his Shield-Sphere like a marble in an adult hand; then he was quickly dragged down through the mountain and into the earth at incredible speed. The walls around him spread out then reformed as if in time with the movement of the giant hand that clutched him without hope of escape. He struck the hand and vine covered brown arm with torrents of teron, but though fire and lightning encased the hand and limb, it was to no avail. The fist had created another Shield-Spell around his own, cutting him off from most of those vast stores of Angel-Magic, and he was unable to break free.
It seemed he was boring into the centre of the earth, or perhaps close to it, when he found himself looking up into the face of a Giant the size of the Battle Angels of Ancient Days. The creature must have towered over eighty feet tall, rounded belly and thick limbs that could have been formed from smoothed clay, wrapped in leaves and vines, fruits and flowers, with the same arrangement for long ladylike hair, and two black seeds for eyes the size of wagon wheels.

***

Sometime after Adem had been dragged down into the earth by that massive fist, Elarja completed his Angel-Magic to enchant Jean’s wedding ring. He said he thought it would work the way he needed, and so Wil left Hayley under heavy guard for the time he was required to enter the Arkendriel in the ancient past.
A vast host of Forsaken and Dark Elves were now returning to the plateau, after the battle had cooled down. Those lightning bolts that could be seen for miles still flickered in the distance, some remaining charge of the amount of teron Adem had been wielding.
Hayley was soon surrounded by Rayne and Rievenna, Janeanne and Terese, Jarien, Rodin, Tarz, and of course Isabelle. Those guarding Hayley were surrounded by thousands more warriors forming ranks and Shield-Domes to protect the core of their leadership.
Hayley had few vampires and werewolves remaining, though they continued to patrol the outer edges of the snow-covered mountainside, the larger werewolves still hunting those dreaded wolves that seemed to be made from shadows and flame.
Pendral also swore to protect Hayley, yet with Carl Wilder slowly recovering, while fighting off the possession demon that still sought to control his mind and body, Pendral was at this time too busy to focus his attention on that inner circle of Shield-Spells.
Wil and Elarja would try to return to a time shortly after they had left, or perhaps immediately after if possible, but the time it took until that occurred meant the chance of possessed Heroes of Will and Children of Odin returning with more Hex-Warlords and Hex-Keepers. Then the battle would certainly be heating up again.
Orion and Tobin, Lydia and Elmira were also soon a part of the inner guard, after arriving through Portal-Magic with a host of Dark Elves that had still been fighting the Asgardic tournament in forests below. When the two women asked after the Daughter of Thor, Hayley could only shake her head with eyes lowered, as Lydia and Elmira began to howl in disbelief. The pain they felt could not match the bond Hayley had shared with Jean via the kigare, but in other ways those women had been closer to Adem’s wife, and they would feel they had lost a favourite younger sister.
Janeanne was perhaps in shock, too much shock to let her emotions show, despite a few teardrops and sniffles. Yet her expression was stern, as if she wished to avenge her mother’s death, and her target would likely be her own father rather than the Jinn-Lord. It was then that Hayley considered that perhaps the woman felt so little, because she hardly knew her parents at all, except for faded childhood memories. She would be heartbroken, but perhaps she felt the least of all the women gathered there, though there was anger growing in her eyes, fierce contempt, and slow burning rage.
Carl was gathered inside the ring of defence when it was decided he had recovered enough to trust him so close. Tobin and Orion then moved to speak with Pendral in soft whispers, and Hayley did not try to listen in. Those two would be glad to regain an old friend, and a very powerful ally.

*** 

That giant Earth Spirit was gazing down at Adem with open curiosity and perhaps a short temper brewing in those hazelnut eyes. After a time, she spoke, though the language was in Elf Tongue, so Adem insisted he could not understand, as Arawn had become separated from him when he was captured.
‘Oh, you speak the Mortal Tongue, then, do you?’ the Angel woman asked in a rasping tone. ‘In the Old Days, many mortals still knew the Ancient Tongue, though you are not from here, are you?’
‘I’m from Earth,’ Adem replied. ‘Why have you captured me?’
‘To be rid of you!’ the woman snapped, then gave a hearty chuckle. ‘You are a pest in the nest, and you must be eradicated!’
‘I’m one of the Sons of Odin,’ Adem insisted. ‘I have importance, great significance to this world.’
‘Yes, yes, I know of you, but you almost destroyed my world. You would have cracked us open like a melon dropped from a height. I helped make this world. I was involved in the early crafting, and I keep it well tended. You will not destroy what the Ancients and I worked so hard to create, guided by the hand of the Great One.’
‘I’m sorry,’ Adem admitted. ‘I am in terrible pain!’ He almost shouted the last with rage.
‘Yes, and mad to boot!’ the woman chuckled with ire. ‘I will not stand for it. Elarja thinks he is the only one who can mend the timelines, but I have some skill with passage between space and time. So, I will return you, to think on the problem further!’
A familiar sphere of coloured energies began to pulse around Adem as he shouted out to this Spirit, ‘No wait! What do you mean? Return me to where?’
Flicker!
Adem fell from the sky, flew through the heavens, he was burning in hellfire, bathed in pure light, swimming in ice cold waters, floating, falling, flying, burning ... Adem woke in his bedroom, the bedroom of his parent’s house! He realised when he turned on the light switch, after failing three times to wield teron to light a sphere of flame.
He gazed about in wonder. What happened? Where is Carl and Wil? Where is Jea—as memory returned, he suddenly found himself on the floor gazing up at the light that was now spotted with dark flecks in his vision; he’d taken a nasty fall and smashed his skull. He screamed, but it was not for the pain of falling, he realised in horror that he had ... he had killed ... I killed Jean? ‘I killed my wife!’ Tears filled his eyes, falling from his face as the door opened and his mother stood in the doorway with a look of terror on her face.
‘What madness are you rambling, Adem! It’s three in the morning! Your father is trying to sleep! I’m trying to sleep! What’s wrong with you? You have no wife! You’re just a madman!’
Her words struck him like a gong, but the pain in his soul burned with new fire, and he screamed again, clawing at his face as if wishing he could rip the skin clean off.
‘You’ve been smoking it again, haven’t you?’ His mother wailed. ‘Jason, he’s been at it again. This time I say we kick him out!’
What is going on? Adem thought, his mind reeling in shock and pure agony. ‘What is this place?’ he asked in disbelief. ‘Where am I?’ What the hell is going on here?

Chapter 12

Return to Bright

In the hours that Hayley and her forces awaited the return of her husband and Elarja RinHannen, the mood was sombre to say the least. Hayley knew Adem was still alive, but she had not spoken such beliefs, and the feeling amongst her people was that they had perhaps lost two Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor in one day. So much depended on these saviours from another world, that without them, there seemed no way to go on.
Finally, Terese stepped forward, driving her blade into the snow and soil, and ordered that rocks be gathered to make a mound, and it was right about the spot where Jean had vanished. When the mound was created, Terese spoke words over the grave, though there was no body beneath the stones. Even her enchanted bow and sword had vanished in the blast of light that seemed to have burnt her into nothingness. So, there was no part remaining of her to gift to the burial site.
Then Janeanne stepped forward, and with a slice of Angel-Magic, she cut off her long golden braid, laying it delicately over the stones, as she also whispered words to say her farewells. Then Terese did the same, severing her own dark braid tied with bright ribbon: that she also placed beside the one that belonged to Janeanne.
Sometime later, both Lydia and Elmira stepped forward to commit to the same act, shedding their braids at the neck, to place beside the others. Hayley was laying her own braid beside them when Isabelle stepped forward. All eyes were on her, as she wound her dark locks into a bunch, gathered with a green ribbon of silk. As she placed the thick bundle of hair on top of the mound, she looked back at the other women with an uneasy smile.
Finally, Janeanne put an arm around her, pulling her into a circle where the other women gathered around her in a large group hug.
Then great songs were sung on that plateau, as snowflakes fell under a wintery sky of grey clouds. The mood changed from sombre to woeful, though the singing voices seemed to lift their spirits to a degree. 
Before long, the snow had covered the stones and the gifts that were laid there. The singing ceased, and the warriors prepared to wait out the return of Wil and Elarja, and perhaps also Adem Highlander. Though the question that began to haunt the minds of many, a thought so far unspoken, was “How were the Sons of Odin supposed to win the Ragnarök Battle, without the aid of the Daughter of Thor?”

***
It was sometime after Alex was rescued and returned to his father that Adem recalled the events within the caves and tunnels, where he’d seen visions of his past and potential future. At this point he told Joel he was setting out to travel to Bright. He explained his reasons, and although all Joel could say in reply was ‘Crazy!’ the man would not allow Adem to travel the roads alone.
So, they packed up the Jeep with fuel, ammunition, the blade and the Sabre-Tooth, as well as food, water and other necessary supplies, and started their journey northwards. They had plenty of fuel for a return journey, though Adem knew his journey would end at Bright, one way or another.
During the first few hours of driving, Adem recalled more visions from his past: including the day Joel’s wife had died. 
The three of them had been out on the road a few miles from home, passing by a group of men that were gathered round a campfire. They looked like cowboys to Adem, and Joel wanted to ask them what sort of supplies they had in their trucks.
So, they joined these six men of different ages, dressed in jeans, flannelette shirts and cowboy hats, and shared a bottle of whisky while one of the men played guitar and the sun began to sink low.
Once the moon was bright in the night sky, Adem seemed to have lost track of time. He felt giddy, perhaps from the drink—maybe they’d spiked it—though this was one of those times when the madness had taken over. Rather than appear frightened, the men did not seem bothered by Adem, as the guitar man continued to play his tunes, and the other men joined together in song.
Adem had hardly noticed, but Joel and his wife, Allison, had fallen asleep. It was then that Adem knew something was not right about these men. But in the dazed sleepiness of their hypnotic chants, he found he had trouble seeing straight, let alone standing. During the chanting, their voices became guttural, deep, and harsh, that changed to a kind of howl and bark.
When he looked up with heavy lidded eyes, he saw that the men surrounding him had changed form. They were covered in a thick shaggy fur, long muzzles with sharp toothed maws like a giant dog. Werewolves! He thought in a state of panic.
It was then that Joel and Allison woke up and stood with sleepy expressions and began to walk mechanically towards the edge of the nearby cliff. Adem fought to break out of the spell of drowsiness, knowing these werewolves were after him, but he needed to save his friends!
He was still deep in the trance—one of the wolves raising a clawed paw towards his beating heart—when his illness suddenly subsided, and he had a moment of clear thought, where he knew the danger, and struck back hard and fast. A great howling filled the night sky as the wolves turned to blue flames and ashes. Joel and Allison did not slow their advance towards the cliff, and as they stepped out into open air, Adem was right behind them with Odin Wings flaring from his shoulders.
‘You could only save one of us,’ Joel explained to Adem as they retold the story together, each one putting a piece of the puzzle back together. ‘It took me a long time to come to terms with that fact. I always felt that you should have saved Allison. But you saved the one that could fight for you, for that Water Dragon guy. I always knew that too.’

*** 

Carl was now recovered nearly completely, and he hoped that the possession demon had taken off elsewhere, though he watched the Dark Elves and Forsaken for signs that a traitor was amongst them.
He spoke with Tobin and Orion, Pendral and Serock, as well as Hayley Martyr, about his fears that Adem had somehow returned to Earth.
The ability to form Portal-Spells between Kismeria and Earth was a discovery Carl had made some years prior to his illness reaching a stage where he lost control, and his body was taken prisoner by the possession spirit.
However, Carl had not returned to Earth before that time, as he had by that time decided he needed to do what was necessary to help Adem win this war. He had really made that decision long before.
Rather than wait for Wil to return, Carl decided he needed to try to cross back over to Earth now, to protect his wife and daughter by whatever means possible. Carl understood that those vampires had crossed back over to Earth when he opened that Portal-Spell, though that had been Carl fighting the possession demon for control. Carl had meant to create the Portal-Magic right in front of himself, to leap through in the hope that the possession demon did not survive the journey. But while fighting for control of his mind and body, the Portal-Spell had opened in the sky, at an opportune moment for the vampires to cross over. 
Despite these facts, Carl took the blame, and decided it was up to him to fix things.
He said his farewells, handing his weapons over to Hayley Martyr, including the three reward items he’d gained via the Arkendriel many hundreds of years before. That included the Spear of Jarien, the true Stone-Spear wielded by the famed Hero of Will during one of his incarnations. The weapon was light as a feather, never needed sharpening, and had been enhanced many times for powerful wielding of teron. 
The demon armies had retreated under the assault of Adem’s rage. Those lightning bolts had perhaps killed as many innocents as demons for many miles around, he did not wish to consider the impact of those Angel-Magics across the face of the continent. Seconds longer and the world may have crumbled into dust, the core rupturing in a cosmic blast.
This made Carl’s decision final, knowing that if Wil did return with Elarja, he would find himself fighting this battle alone. But there were other options to consider.
With complex Angel-Magic similar to forming Portal-Spells across large distances, Carl created a gateway to perhaps another world, or another dimension. But where he landed when stepping through was his true home. It was a little house in the countryside, with mountains of eucalypt forest for hundreds of acres all around. It was the place he visited every Christmas with his wife and daughter, the home where his parents had lived for many years. It was the place where the adventures all began, one special night. The moon was full. It was Bright! 

***

Another part of those memories in the vampire caves and tunnels returned to Adem during the journey to Bright. He hadn’t realised before then how he had convinced Joel that it was worth the risks. It was considered dangerous to travel out of your own territory for more than a few hundred kilometres. Bright was quite a bit further north.
When Adem made it out of the tunnels, he and Alex collapsed to catch their breath, after helping each other walk as they searched for a way out. Joel continued to blast the enemy with that machine gun of annihilation. 
Adem was now very weak, as that Dragon Scar on his chest had become inflamed. It was usually a black tattoo like pattern that was actually charred flesh that had never fully healed. While fighting the vampires the black lines had begun to glow with heat, burning like orange-gold magma. It drained his strength as it always had. Perhaps some link between the Schism and the Jinn-Lord, triggered by the presence of the vampires.
Adem guessed this was perhaps why he was able to wield small amounts of teron, even here on Earth, when facing enemies with magic powers of their own. Or perhaps it was Jean’s enchanted wedding ring, that he wore on a toramor chain around his neck. Some magic of the ring allowing him to wield a small part of Angel-Magic of Kismeria.
Lying on his back, heaving for breath, as his vision became blurred and darkness began to roll over his eyes, he heard Joel shouting from inside the tunnel. It sounded as if the vampires were corrupting his mind, taunting him with visions.
‘Hurry, finish them, Joel!’ Adem cried out. ‘I’m your last hope! You are lost without me!’
When Joel shouted his reply, his voice was deep and menacing, and reminded Adem of nothing other than the voice of the Jinn-Lord, ‘No, you are NOTHING! YOU ARE LOWER THAN VERMIN! YOU ARE THE SLUG THAT DEVOURS RAT EXCREMENT! YOU ARE WEAK! YOU ARE PATHETIC! I WILL FINISH YOU SOON ENOUGH!’ 
There was a pause, before Joel’s voice returned to his own, as he cried out in vain, ‘I don’t believe in you anymore!’
‘Believe in me?’ Adem repeated the words, softly chuckling to himself in ire. Then he said again, ‘Believe in me.’ And called out, ‘Joel, I know of a man you can believe in! I know a way to change it all back to the way it was before!’
‘How is that possible?’ Joel asked.
‘In that other world, there was another remarkable fellow. He could change the past, and in that way alter the present and future. He was a time traveller, Joel! I can reunite you with your wife. I can fix everything. Just help me, Joel. I’m wounded. I’m dying here!’
After a long silence Adem heard his friend call, ‘OK!’
Adem grinned and shouted with what strength he had left in him, ‘And kill that evil Sucker on your way out.’
After some terrified screaming and sounds of brutality amidst the Sabre’s roar, Joel called out, ‘Done!’

***

During the journey towards Bright, Adem had time to reflect on the only other time he had made this trip. It seemed so long ago, and indeed, after living over five hundred years, it was a very long time ago. Adem’s appearance was still that of a forty something year old with more grey in his hair and moustache than someone that age should be showing. Yet he felt very old, withered, and weakened. The only thing that drove him onwards was the hope that he could fix things, the dream that Jean could live again.
They had been staying up late that night, and the three of them were laughing about something, all three in their mattresses and blankets, up on a loft, at night, near Bright. Suddenly a fierce stomping started up on the deck outside. Vibrations moved from front porch, through balcony and front of house to reach the peaked church-type building at the back of the house, even moving through the loft and mattress beds.
Adem recalled asking Carl and Wil, ‘Do you hear very loud stomping on the deck?’ To which they both agreed they heard exactly that and agreed to his question of whether they also heard and felt the vibrations running through the house. He used this method of identifying each sound, with his friends also as witnesses, to conduct a thorough scientific observation of what could only be described as supernatural domestic disturbances.
By that time Adem noted great fear in his two friends, and though he was also more than nervous, he was more interested to discover what this was, believing then that he could expose it as a hoax. Though his instincts also told him this was not something normal, and the rage that seemed to emanate as an evil force from that point of stomping on front deck, also told him this was not likely to be normal mortal beings. 
The stomping ceased when moments later Adem saw and heard the door handle turning left and right. It was locked, but someone was trying to force it open by the handle! Then a terrible scraping sound began on the front door: that sounded like nothing other than a man with a glove of blades for fingers, dragging them down the wood of the door ferociously. They all agreed it was either that or a wild bear, and there were no bears in the wilds of the Australian bushland, ever!
Next was heard three footsteps through the front hall, entering where the door stood, and Adem saw that the steps were invisible, and that the door did not open. It was locked. His friends agreed to hearing the footsteps enter the house and were more frightened than ever.
Adem challenged the ghost, as he was certain now that was what it was, calling it a crude name with his mind. The next moment he felt those blades closing around his heart, like many sharp knives puncturing a very soft organ, despite the heart being a strong muscle.
It seemed strange to think back that he had felt this, at that time, as he was very scared, but not so frightened that he might be experiencing a heart attack at that time.
It was then that Adem asked God in his mind to save him, and that he would be his messenger for now and forever. In the next moment he felt magic healing on his heart, not knowing if it was the ghost’s forgiving power or Angel-Magic of God. But he was saved.
Moments later all three young men turned towards the loft wall, over fifteen feet off the ground, where they heard three female voices swooping in through the air across eight to ten feet of air, sliding upwards like snakes as they cried out in terrible song the entire time. The only thought to enter Adem’s mind was Banshees!
It was then that another voice was heard, an eerie cry, that they agreed that night and always after sounded most like the cry of an evil infant, as terrible as that was to witness and to ever consider forever after. This voice was also at the same height as the three Banshee women.
Adem then turned excitedly to the darkened but also moonlit room where the male ghost with the claw had entered. Adem began to encourage the ghost to give further proof that he had entered the house. He believed a chair had moved at that point, to which Adem said, ‘That’s not good enough.’
What he needed was proof of a human intelligence; that is invisible and able to walk through solid walls or wooden doors, entering the locked house, and able to interact with physical objects inside the locked space. This, Adem knew, would be proof of supernatural human souls.
After some further talking to this spirit in the room, his two friends wondering what must be going on in Adem’s mind, they heard three guitar strings plucked, after a brief stroking of the strings. Three strings were pulled back to be released with so much force that the vibrations of those strung rang out in the room for some time after.
It was later agreed that it was the left strings being plucked towards the right, what they agreed to call the ‘heavy bass strings’ including at least the first two copper looking strings—Adem was no expert in music or guitars, but Carl knew enough to confirm this.
After agreeing it was the guitar, spoken of first by Carl and Wil, Adem asked, ‘Where is the guitar?’ He also gave Carl guarantees that the faster he showed the guitar the more Adem would turn from Atheist to true believer in Christ and God.
Carl quite hurriedly lifted the torch to spotlight the guitar up against the far wall of the room. Adem also recalled he could still hear some vibration of the strings during that time that the torch lit up the guitar: that had been shadowed against the wall up till that time.
The only reason Adem did not charge down the ladder to check the strings—other than his certainty that a ghost with a claw for a hand had played those strings—was that he had a broken leg in fibreglass green plaster wrapping. He’d been on crutches those entire holidays. 
It was for defending a girl being bothered by two older men at a party, that Adem had confronted and fought one of the men resulting in a broken leg. This was also the reason Adem had been invited to Bright, for being brave and sticking up for a woman in distress.
To this day, Adem believes those circumstances of the fight and broken leg, were crucial to his destiny resulting in his becoming the man he was today. Despite all of his flaws, and sins, he was a true believer in Christ and the Lord God. So much so that he regularly read the Bible given to him by Carl Wilder, red leather bound with gold painted page tips. It was gifted on the day that Adem was baptised by Pastor Wilder, Carl’s father, in Adem’s parents’ backyard pool on a warm summer’s day. 
Adem’s faith in Jesus, in particular, arose over many years after the event, after Carl prayed to his Christian God, and used Jesus also apparently, as a word of Power, to defeat these demonic spirits and send them packing. Adem was assured of this after Carl spoke the words of the prayer, sometime after the guitar was played. It was Wil stating that he felt calm and safe that prompted Carl to admit, that this had been part of his prayer, for us all to feel safe and calm.
Adem realised after much thought that even if Carl had only prayed to the Christian God, this was the Father of Jesus, according to the Bible, and so perhaps, he thought, perhaps this meant that there was strength in the faith of Christian belief, at least in giving power to special believers to fight off ghosts or evil spirits.
The next day Adem woke, and the first thought was that it had all been a dream. Then Carl and Wil spoke of the events the night before, and Adem questioned them to confirm this, to which they agreed. Then all three climbed down the ladder, Adem with always some difficulty with his plastered leg. They then went onto the front lawn and sat on chairs and spoke to Pastor Wilder of what they had heard the night before, which was eventually believed, and followed by some relevant discussion on such matters.
After the guitar was played, Adem also believed he saw a figure of blue light walking, or floating, from the guitar to the centre of the room. He pointed and stared, thanking this ‘Divine Spirit’ at which point he thought the figure smiled, before vanishing.
That night, after the guitar and feeling calm and safe was agreed, Adem also insisted that all three go down the ladder and go outside to look at the area behind the loft wall, after listening very carefully for sounds of deconstructing the kind of scaffolding and ropes and pulleys to move three female adult bodies through the air. They went outside and saw nothing but the long distance between the ends of very thin tree branches, and the ten to twelve feet or more distance to loft wall, with the moon shining brightly above them on a clear moonlit night, at Wandiligong, near Bright.


Chapter 13

A Last Stand

Adem and Joel stopped at a country town bar, looking for a hot meal and a drink. The bar was near empty, only a few drunken looking male patrons in their late fifties or older. They were grey bearded, pink faced men, with bellies like swine coated in dark blue singlets, legs like bowling pins sticking out of stubby shorts. There were four meeting those descriptions in fact: the three that drank at a table together wore Akubras. The one at the bar wore a wide brimmed green hat with corks on strings to ward off flies.
It was hot, there was no air conditioning, but a fan swung gently above the room that must’ve been powered by a generator some distance away. This was not uncommon for a bar as they also needed to keep their beer cold.
Joel was after whisky however, as today he didn’t feel like drinking from his own distillery stash. He bought the expensive stuff, as they had received a decent number of items of value for rescuing Alex. In this case Joel parted with a handgun and two rounds of bullets for a half-filled bottle that was handed over by a disgruntled looking barman.
They ate a meal of steak and kidney pies with mash and peas, and Adem was even willing to have a few drinks as they sat and talked at the bar to the fellow with the hat of corks.
‘Lot of people heading your way, lately,’ the man admitted. ‘I seen thousands these past few weeks. What they don’t know is, there’re more bloodsuckers up north than down south.’
‘How do you know this?’ Adem asked.
‘I hunt ’em, don’t I?’ The man said, raising a bottle of beer to his lips but not drinking. He grinned, ‘Killed ’undreds up north, I ’ave.’
They drank a few, until Adem noticed three females entering the bar. He was immediately suspicious of the three, as they had the faces of the three witches that he’d seen in his visions in the vampire cave. They were not Nightwalkers; he could see that when they offered him warm smiles.
Joel invited the women over, and as they began to gather around Joel and laugh in a playful way, Adem felt that wave of hypnosis washing over him again. It was the same force that had taken him when he faced the werewolf cowboys.
He slammed his glass down on the table in anger, and the glass shattered, causing blood to drip from his clenched fist.
‘He bleeds,’ one of the women said in a strange tone. ‘He is the one. We must strike now while he is weakened.’
All seemed to happen in a blur, as the room suddenly appeared to be filled with flames, and Adem could only see the three women in the room, all the other men had vanished. He was dazed, and his lids were heavy. He saw one of the women reach for his heart with a hand that had long nails like black claws.
He felt Angel-Magic enter his soul! He reached for it, drawing from a deep well as teron filled his veins like cold lightning. The next moment the woman closest to him was lying flat on her back, a stunned expression in her eyes. The bar was back to normal.
‘What the hell, Adem?’ Joel asked.
‘We’re leaving,’ Adem replied. The glass was still shattered: whisky covered the bar with broken fragments.
Adem wasn’t certain what had happened to save him, perhaps Angel-Magic, perhaps something else. What he knew as their Jeep sped away from the bar was that those hunters would take it as an insult for their assaulting one of the local women. 
These were lawless times, in a land full of vigilantes. They would follow, looking for revenge.
When Adem told Joel what had happened, Joel swore and said, ‘If they were after you, and what you say happened, did happen, then they were not just local women. They’re witches that worship the Old Gods. Since the vampires arrived, and the Old Gods returned, men and women like that gain power by performing duties for the Gods. They want you for some reason. Could be that ring you wear. Or maybe they can just sense you when you’re near.’
‘What about the ring?’ Adem asked.
‘I know it’s more than just a wedding ring, Adem. I’ve seen it glow when you were flying around that vampire cavern. It’s magic. Perhaps it’s what gives you those special abilities.’
‘Maybe,’ Adem said. ‘What about those hunters, you think they’ll follow us?’
‘I’m certain of it,’ Joel replied with a frown. ‘I was overly suspicious of that one at the bar bragging how many bloodsuckers he’d killed. Not many Hunters live long enough to tally a score of hundreds. They’ll be working for the Old Gods. I’ll bet they were there to protect the witches. They’ll be on our trail in no time.’

*** 

Hayley sent scouts to report on the damage Adem had caused with that rain of lightning bolts. Adem had still not returned, after they last saw that great fist reach up from the earth to drag him under. Wil and Elarja were also delayed, in their trip to the past. Forsaken and Dark Elf groups of fifty set off to the four corners of the Free Lands, moving through Portal-Spells created by dozens of Alit’aren and Ael Tarael within Jean’s armies—well, they were now Hayley’s forces to command. 
For now, anyway. 
She told herself not to lose hope, but everyone she had grown to depend on had been murdered, or had betrayed her, or had disappeared without a trace. One to his home world, one deep in the past, another buried in the earth’s bowels by a fist of some ancient being. And Jean gone too. After losing Enserah, she trembled with anxiety as tight emotions bunched at her chest, as if all the air in the world would not suffice to give her new breath. 
But all I need to do is breathe, she told herself. And try to remain calm.
‘Wil shall return to me,’ she spoke the words at a whisper, but every immortal on that plateau had likely heard. All waiting to hear her next commands.
Within a matter of twenty-five minutes, the scouts began to return, dark garbed Forsaken and torin’sidhe wearing Dark Elves pouring out of holes of light and colour in the air. They flickered in her vision as if shadows and phantoms, the magic elixir heightening their Elven abilities to the point of becoming supernatural beings from the days of old. None of them looked in any way pleased.
‘Adem Highlander has wiped out cities with that act of carnage!’ spat a taller than average Dark Elf. His burning black eyes bored holes through Hayley’s mind, his voice reached into her chest to press her beating heart. ‘My people were slaughtered by the thousands within the Forest of Ardroth Dell! If he returns, I will slaughter him like a wild pig fit for roasting.’ The man spoke with passionate rage teetering on the brink of pure madness. Though this was not just the typical near insane persona of any regular Dark Elf. This man wanted blood.
A Forsaken leader, General Jojhin, made his report next. His news was most disturbing: and signalled her call to show leadership. ‘My Lady Martyr, massive forces of demons are appearing out of nowhere! They press against the cities of the Green Border, not to lay siege, they threaten to wipe out the defending strongholds within hours!’
‘Where?’ Hayley snapped in outrage. She had heard enough to know this was no normal demon force. ‘What types of creature do they have that could wipe out the Borderland fortresses?
‘It seems Highlander’s lightning storm has created another warp in space between the Old Ways and now. These are demons of nightmare not told of since the Dawn of Ages. I have even spotted a Shadow Dragon with my own eyes! It circled the skies above a large stronghold east of Eromel in Talgarath. Hamela and Tivar will be taken soon after. A greater force moves for the pass between the two cities. They will be crushed by the force from the north as well as those that cross the River Ellenorin on the Plains of Haradhel.’
‘Then we must meet them at the river!’ Hayley cried. ‘Send one hundred thousand Forsaken to delay the northern forces from reaching the Plains of Haradhel. I will take the remaining Forsaken with the main force of Eva’Hahlen to defend the west side of the River Ellenorin.’
‘And who will lead our people?’ It was the same Dark Elf with the burning eyes that roared the challenge to Hayley’s authority. ‘The Asgardics were a failure. I will not lead my people to further slaughter at the hands of this feeble mortal!’
‘The Asgardics shall continue. The battles have become a war.’
‘The Sons and Daughter are gone from this world!’ The man drove each word through her heart like burning glacier-blades. ‘We will surely perish if we go to war without them! I will take my people deep into the mountain caves where we will wait out the slaughter.’
‘Such cowardice would never earn you the right as champion of the Asgardics, or any competition where I stand as judge. My husband will return!’ Janeanne, Terese, Lydia and Elmira moved to surround her with scalding glares for the provoker. Tobin and Orion stood poised like lions ready to tear out throats with claws of flickering steel.
‘How do you even know that much?’ the aggressor asked. ‘For all you know he was killed in the past and will never return. If he lived as long as his Brothers, he would still be here in this time, like Highlander and Wilder, and so he must be dead!’
The very notion was a blow to her chest the likes of which to make gods stagger. If her husband had lived, he would be able to reach her now, or at least send her messages via their Battle Angels. She asked Enserah with her mind. Does he still live?
I cannot sense him, Mother. I cannot say for certain.
‘You see!’ the Dark Elf cried victoriously. ‘She knows he must be dead or defeated. We are lost and alone! Who will join me to flee today and fight another? The path this wench walks will lead us all to a shallow grave before the day is through.’
There were tense moments of eyes darting and feet shuffling, but before long a large number of her Eva’Hahlen forces had crossed the line to stand with the cowardly Elf. His burning eyes glared with gleeful madness before he turned to march through an icy gale. A Portal-Spell appeared as a sheet of burning silver. Soon she had lost maybe a third of her forces. 
‘Tarz, change of plans. You will join me to defend the river.’ She glanced across at their newfound accomplice. ‘Lord General Pendral Dragon-Sword, you will lead the remaining Eva’Hahlen to defend the walls of Eromel and burn that demon army into the ground!’
‘I will be needing a few barrels of that miraculous potion, my Lady Martyr.’ The man’s grin was broad: dark eyes and black beard of a ferocious alpha-male wolf. 

***
Adem heard the first shot fired the moment before the back-left tyre began to deflate. A second shot must’ve hit the taillight on the right side, as Joel swerved to avoid sliding off the road into a descending hillside. It led to a wide concrete rainwater drainage system, running under a nearby bridge. When the third shot fired Joel lost control, it must have hit the other tyre, the car skidded off the road, and was suddenly rolling down the hillside, into the concrete half-pipe. 
Adem must’ve been knocked unconscious for a few moments, but he woke to the sound of more gun shots. Frantically he reached to undo his seat belt, hitting the roof as they were upside down. He managed to drag Joel out, who was still unconscious.
It was when he tried to lift Joel that the shots ceased for a moment. Perhaps reloading their rifles. Suddenly Adem was filled with a raw sense of Angel-Magic, and he knew as he lifted Joel with ease, that his Odin Wings were burning blue on his shoulders, lifting them off the ground as Adem began to fly towards the large drainpipe at the end of the concrete funnel.
When the next shot fired, Adem felt incredible burning pain rip through his left side. Both he and Joel plummeted to the concrete paving just a few feet from the pipe’s entrance. Now Joel was awake, and quick to respond as he pulled Adem into the tunnel, more shots ricocheting off the edge of the pipe as Adem’s vision clouded over with red. 
***
Carl could sense it, as soon as Adem was in serious trouble. As Adem moved closer to Bright where Carl was waiting, they began to sense one another more acutely. So, Carl knew when Adem was badly wounded, a terrible burning pain suggesting he was hit by a bullet or stabbed with a blade.
Without their Battle Angels to communicate, they could not share psychic words, and so Carl had to assume any message based on shared feelings and emotions. What he felt told him that Adem was close to death. But soon the night would fall. And these last few weeks the vampires surrounding his home had begun to attack with greater fervour. 
Using what small amounts of Angel-Magic that were still gifted to him, he had been able to create a sort of forcefield around the farmhouse to keep the vampires at bay, though he feared to leave his wife and daughter, and the rest of his family alone at the house if he was not able to return before nightfall. 
He had people he could send for the job, people he could trust. The problem was that only Carl would be able to find Adem the fastest, by pinpointing his location via their shared senses. He stood, and began to pace, frustrated, weighing up his options. 

Chapter 14

Demons of the Old Ways

Pendral Dragon-Sword stood on a raised plateau, overlooking the northern stretches of the lands between Rothnim and the City of Eromel. His Immortal eyesight could see many details of the city walls that no mortal man could have achieved, even if they were using a powerful telescope. He took estimated numbers of the size and scale of the demon forces that were advancing upon the city. At least two hundred thousand beasts and monsters already surrounded the eastern side of the outer walls, as if a sea of tar stretching for many miles. Their constant roars rumbled through the atmosphere like distant thunder. Most of those demons he could discern individual details of were older forms of Rahkwel, a taller breed standing over twelve feet, some grey or green skinned, though most were black as midnight with skin that gleamed like polished ebony. Some had the large lamplight eyes of their younger breed cousins, though most had eyes of fang-shaped scarlet, burning with raw evil energies that radiated outwards in waves. They were the Morhidrahl, thousands of them riding giant wolves or tusked boar with thick dark coats and eyes of hot coal. 
Pendral spied spears rising in rows of hundreds within the demon horde. Human heads dripping fresh red blood were stuck to the blade of each weapon, that stood out of the ground like flowing spikes. A number of large pots nearby were used to melt down the armour and weapons of the soldiers that had foolishly attempted a charge head on into the enemy lines. None of those bubbling cauldrons were used for cooking human flesh however, the bodies were ripped apart in a frenzy and gulped down raw. A number of the remaining horses were being dragged to the centre of the fields, a feast for ravenous souls.
Others prowled the base of the city walls hammering at the stone with massive weapons of ancient Magic-Forged steel. The Morhidrahl had once been great smiths during the Age of Callibreah’Nhim, also known as the Age of Eternal Wars. Legends said the Immortals of ancient days were able to learn from the Morhidrahl at crafting Magic-Forged weapons, armour, and other devices of enchantment. Not all of their kind were purely evil back then, some resided in caves under mountain waterfalls, and were peaceful creatures, but that was before the Age of Callibreah’Nhim. 
These historical facts crossed his mind as he gazed upon the demonic energy that blazed from the tips of dark staffs, sceptres, double-handed hammers, axes: scythe-shaped blades flaring like slivers of the sun. Eromel’s walls were also constructed using ancient magics, but they would not withstand this attack for more than the night would last. 
Above the city a black winged serpent-shaped lizard circled Eromel from the skies. A Shadow Dragon, perhaps the deadliest of creatures to ever exist. 
Except for me, Pendral thought with a wry grimace. That miracle potion was working wonderfully on his mind and soul, he could not remember the last time he’d felt so free of the Jinn-Lord’s clutches.
He would smash this demon army into dust and see it ended before sunset. The dark clouds of Kerak’Otozi swarmed above Eromel like a phantom plague. This was what allowed the Morhidrahl to move freely across these fields. But he would not waste his time and energy fighting back cloud cover. He took another small sip of the potion, feeling his ability to wield and also his sense of teron rising within his spirit. Opening Magic’s Floodgates. 
Rayne his beloved son stood beside him also examining the demon army from afar. His nervous eyes scanned Pendral’s face as Rayne calmly raised a hand. Clasping Pendral’s shoulder softly. ‘It is wonderful to have you back, Father!’ The elation was clear. Pendral smiled warmly, reaching out to embrace his son who shivered for a moment then threw his arms around Pendral in a fierce hug. ‘Please don’t leave us again, Father! We need you! I can’t do this on my own.’
They stood apart, regarding each other as Pendral replied, ‘It is good to be back. I’m sorry for what I’ve caused, dear boy. When your mother died, a part of me was lost with her...I haven’t been myself ever since. Somewhere along the way, the pain just took hold of me, despair, anguish. The world must hate and fear me, I know this. But I will make them believe in me again.’
Rayne smiled with delight as he said with a broad grin, ‘In the both of us.’ He paused as a frown took over, before saying, ‘I’m so sorry about Adem...I mean, your Father. I know how much he meant to you.’
Pendral tried to hide his pain as he replied in earnest, ‘The truth is, I never really got to know him at all. He was important, I loved him dearly. But he was never there for me, or Mother.’ He sighed deeply before grinning, ‘But do not despair just yet, son. Adem Highlander is a Son of Odin, he is integral to the Prophecies of Kismeria. I do not truly believe he is gone. Though where he is right now...I have no clue.’

***
Hayley watched the approaching demon armies with vehement rage surging, though in truth, she was also truly afraid. Lydia and Elmira were by her side, as were their husbands, dark eyes glittering as they glared at the black horizon. Morhidrahl numbered in the tens of thousands, along with larger demons of ancient days. Sengzlegions, also known as Pagan-Souls appeared scattered amongst the demon forces, spied by Hayley’s increased visual perceptions. 
Pagan-Souls were built like thick muscled Giants of black sinew, deep chests, and biceps big as oxen. Their skulls were ram horned beasts with eyes of burning gold, their faces were similar to a bull’s skull, a maw of razored fangs. Those creatures stood over seventeen feet tall, wide built monstrosities wielding blades of dark magic and sceptres that glowed with ancient might. 
Tarz was preparing his entourage to return to the Green Border to gather reinforcements. They would rout the enemy with a much larger force of Forsaken Alit’aren and Ael Tarael. Tarz estimated he could spare up to three hundred thousand, though he warned it would take time to bring the forces in large numbers, as he would need to recruit along the Border while leaving enough men and women to protect the Borderlands and fortify the great walls that held back most of the Jinn-Lord’s demon armies.
But these demons had not needed to pass through that wall. Somehow, they had simply...appeared. It was most disturbing. The Rift, Highlander’s assault on the world, Elarja’s Time Stones, and the Schism, any and all these things could be playing their part.
Terese Sapphire-Sword and Isabelle Iron-Bow stood close by also, guarding Janeanne. When Tarz was ready to leave he suggested taking Janeanne with him. ‘If his parents still live, they will not look kindly on allowing her to fight against such numbers.’ He spoke those words with a calm visage, though Hayley felt a prickling sensation across her skin, feeling the way a cat looks when reacting to a threat. But his words were wise. She could not guarantee Janeanne’s safety in this battle they were to face.
‘We will join her, of course,’ Orion said with a scowl. Lydia and Elmira moved up alongside Janeanne, as the Portal-Magic opened to allow hundreds of Forsaken to leap through a hole in the air. Tarz did not react to Orion’s threat, he simply nodded, and marched for the doorway of burning light.
‘Terese and Isabelle, you will also go with them,’ Hayley said, regaining her sense of authority.
‘I wouldn’t allow the girl to go without me,’ Terese replied, as the small group began to fall in line behind Tarz’s billowing black cloak.

***
Pendral opened a Portal-Spell large enough for the five thousand Eva’Hahlen and three thousand Forsaken to leap through in short order. He’d considered sending the Forsaken to rout the enemy from the eastern side of their hordes, but for now he would assault from the south aiming northward to cut a path through those demons that surrounded the city and nearby fields.
His son Rayne knew Pendral enough to follow his lead, and so, after some discussion of plan of attack, Pendral took the lead while Rayne prepared to unleash his Battle Angels.
A dense humming filled the air—a fierce crackling energy of a billion blazing-blue bees the size of bears buzzing—followed by roaring thunder of a Legion of God-Lions. Thousands of lightning forks pierced the fields blazing vehement deep blue. The reaction of the demon forces was to begin looking in all directions for the source of the attacks, as Pendral and his army were still several miles to the south. When the Morhidrahl spotted Pendral’s forces, their wolf and boar riders began to pound the earth with dull thudding as hooves and paws charged southward amidst demonic cries of bloodlust. 
Where Pendral’s lightning bolts fell, striking the gigantic, black-skinned forms of the Morhidrahl in jagged burning blades, the demons became skeletons of pure light, before being split from shoulder to waist in chaotic explosions and splattering of thick dark blood. Although the bolts were an expression of Magic’s Floodgates being opened within Pendral’s soul, far more powerful than most wielders could create even in the Days of Old, these demons were harder than stone, and some survived those strikes of extreme flame, whereas a cluster of modern Rahkwel would be vaporized by such a bolt.
Those had all been an aftershock of what Pendral had really been aiming for. That Shadow Dragon had borne the brunt of the full force of that Bolt-Rain, a surging mass of incinerating heat and light striking and boring through the flesh and bones of that immense and deadly foe. Pendral had wasted no time there. If he had failed to take down that beast immediately, his forces could be wiped out in minutes by waves of Dragon-Flame. Shadow Dragons used fire to assault their enemies the way Archers drenched the fields with rain of Lightning-Arrows. Dragon-Flame was infinitely more deadly, devastating, and unstoppable. Most shields would not hold up long against the intense heat and force of a Shadow Dragon’s rage.
Pendral grinned to see the creature plummet from the sky with black wings wreathed in a blue electric glow. It gave a hollow roar before hitting the earth with a massive thud. That would not keep it down however, so almost instantly after it fell, he created Portal-Magic to allow his Eva’Hahlen warriors to surround the creature, with a few hundred Forsaken to increase the strength of their attack. But Pendral trusted none of these men and women to do what must be done, so he leapt through another Portal-Spell with Rayne in close step. Perhaps he still trusted his son, and his father also. In his mind he offered a prayer that his father was still alive.

***
Rayne leapt from the Portal-Magic after his father, to see the massive black lizard stirring its serpentine neck, tail and torso, as massive black claws grated against the field of deep green. Morning light touched its thick dark scales like fire in shadow, the creature glistened as if wet, though it was not bleeding, despite the force of the blow Pendral had dealt it.
Pendral signalled to the surrounding Eva’Hahlen that leapt through Pendral’s own, and other Portal-Spells surrounding the creature. The beast had landed on the northern side of the city, unfortunately, meaning they were now very close to the northern horde of demons clustered about the city walls. The Dark Elves began to hammer the skull and torso of the creature with rain of Acid-Arrows, these shafts burned like black ink, tinged with crimson. Yet even a savage assault of thousands of burning shafts did little to disrupt the dragon’s recovery. It was beginning to push itself into a stance, when Pendral struck again, after signalling to Rayne it was time to summon Odin.
A lance of pure magnificent-blue inferno touched down from the heavens directly above the skull of the lizard beast. The blaze was two paces wide, burning white hot in the centre. It struck the creature upon the top and centre of the skull, right above the brain. Yet despite stunning the beast enough to plant its bottom jaw to the floor, it remained unharmed, the blast did not penetrate that incredibly tough armour plating.
Rayne roared the name, ‘Odin!’ And the Battle Angel fell from the sky to plant a burning silver spear into the skull, just as Pendral’s attack vanished. Odin touched down like a Giant made of Angel-Magic, feathered white wings graced his massive shoulder blades, rising like a great eagle of impossible size. The weight of his strike shook the earth in soft rumbles as the Shadow Dragon’s skull was fused with the earth aflame. 
Standing over twelve feet tall, Odin’s armour was blazing gold and glimmering cobalt, emanating the strength of the greatest of Battle Angels, ever! Boots of deep blue surrounded by Angel-Magic stomped the skull of the dragon, while Odin drew the spear to plunge again. Dark scales deflected a beam of energy that could fry the moon. 
Acid-Arrows continued to thud against its dark hide, legs, and neck, while they avoided shooting at Odin on the skull. Rayne wondered if he should summon Tohka Reiden when Pendral released a charging boar formed of blue fire, the size of a barn, that gored the side of the dragon with its massive blazing tusks. The force of the shove tumbled the dragon over once and a half, and Odin was crushed for the moment under the rolling neck and skull.
The dragon crushed the razorback in massive jaws of midnight steel, teeth, and fangs as tall a full-grown man. The pig squealed before collapsing into a mist of floating charcoal. 
Rayne struggled to keep his balance from the waves of corrupt vapour that blasted his senses from this ancient Demon-Souled monstrosity. It was as if the air was sending out heatwaves of burning darkness that was pure evil essence. To call them heatwaves described the way it hit you like the hottest summer day, but the feeling that washed over you made icicles of your bones, flesh half-frozen in terror. 
In the seconds that Odin was out of sight, the dragon had taken down the boar, and was evidently preparing to unleash a torrent of Dragon-Flame! Pendral opened Portal-Spells around the dragon like a hexagon of mirrors, as hundreds of warriors fled like fleeting shadows. But not all were fast enough. Rayne watched as a beam of black fire lanced from the jaws of the beast! Incineration sprayed in a wide arc—melting hundreds of Dark Elves and Forsaken warriors—before Odin planted the spear to fuse its jaws shut once more.
Rayne wanted to vomit from the stench of charred flesh as he looked to see the remains of boots and armour amidst bodies turned to charcoal or vaporized into nothing. The Forsaken had been holding Shield-Domes locked down in a large link. This meant there was no hope of defending against that Dragon-Flame. Rayne screamed, ‘Tohka Reiden!’

***
Pendral surrounded himself and Rayne in a Shield-Sphere that should have been able to withstand a few seconds of Dragon-Flame, giving them enough time to escape via Portal-Magic if needed. As Tohka Reiden took to the skies on clouds of silver, a lightning storm plummeted to the earth, scattering hundreds of the Morhidrahl riding boars and wolves, blasting demons to blood and ash.
At the same moment that Tohka Reiden formed a Link with Odin, Pendral and Rayne also joined in a smaller link of Angel-Magic, as Bolt-Rain shook the heavens amidst a savage clash of thunder echoing into the horizon. A thousand bolts of pure blazing vehemence thudded into the Shadow Dragon and the demon army further to the south and southeast. A thousand bolts every flickering second of burning brilliance.
Tohka Reiden thudded into the neck of the dragon with blazing blue bolts: javelins of crystal burning. At the same moment Odin lifted his form high into the sky, aiming a blinding bolt of pure white flame that struck the skull of the beast like the Fist of God.
Pendral used his matter manipulation ability to form massive thick wedges of restraints like glowing iron shackles that pressed down around the hide, torso, neck, and jaw of the dragon. Rayne’s joining Pendral in their link allowed the necessary flows of teron to achieve enough strength to hold the beast in place.
Pendral should have thought of this earlier, and he was ashamed for his son to see Pendral allow the slaughter of so many faithful warriors. He would pay the price of guilt long after this battle was done.
Electric blue bolts clutched and writhed around the scaled black Demon-Soul as the creature shuddered from the force of Angel-Magic that should have been melting its flesh to a bubbling pool. Knowing there was no way of putting a dent in those invincible black scales, Pendral decided there was only one option left to him.
This was something he’d explained to Rayne beforehand, and with a wave to his son, Pendral used a Portal-Spell to transport himself inside the chest of the Shadow Dragon. Knowing that a blast of Dragon-Flame would incinerate him in seconds. The core of the beast was hotter than midday under a summer sun, the air thick with an acid heat and the corrosive element of evil essence that radiated from the beast.
He landed directly in front of the creature’s heart, while an intricate Shield-Sphere surrounded his form shutting him out from the burning heat, that still penetrated his Shield-Spell to a degree, as he planted his blade hard down into the heart of the dragon, that was larger than a wagon, formed of red crystal-flesh veined in black. At the same moment that the blade touched the heart, Pendral focused an immense source of teron through the blade to penetrate that diamond-flesh. At the same moment that he’d punched the heart with enough force to make the earth erupt in burning chasms. Light filled his vision enough to make an Angel tremble!

***
Rayne gasped when his father fell from the wound that split the dragon’s chest wide open, falling to the ground covered in a sloppy red goo like a baby from the womb. There had been no great explosion or flames, other than a very loud rumbling as the dragon broke free of its restraints and rolled onto its side, only seconds before its chest ripped open in a red line. Pendral bursting free as Odin finally managed to put a dent in the creature’s skull. The Spear of Odin planted deep within the dragon’s brain cavity, flames erupting and coils of lightning surging around its dark scaled form before the entire body crumbled into black ash: floating on the winds of a rising storm.
Waves of ki’mera in its richest form flowed out in all directions towards the remaining Dark Elves and Forsaken that had dealt damaging blows to the beast, though most of those glowing orbs of colour flowed into Pendral and also Rayne and his Angels. It was a vast surge of demon souls that filled Rayne with torrents of Angel-Magic, though his father did not wake from his own supply. He felt he could lift a mountain with his bare hands and hurl it a hundred leagues. With the amount of teron it provided him, that might even be possible.
Rayne rushed to Pendral’s side, using Portal-Magic to make the leap, as Rayne and the other warriors had remained several hundred feet away from the dragon’s body during the attack, and despite this distance those Alit’aren Shield-Domes had not managed to defend hundreds of lost victims. There had been female Dark Elves amongst those hundreds scorched into dust. Rayne was more than glad he’d insisted that Rievenna remain with the second wave of reinforcements. Mostly formed of Heroes of Will that could be spared for Pendral’s forces. There were about one hundred and thirty Heroes that guarded his beloved along with a host of Alit’aren, Ael Tarael, as well as Forsaken and Dark Elves in the thousands. 
His father was unconscious, but still breathing, and his heartbeat was slow. Rayne lifted his shoulders to rest Pendral’s head in his lap. The sticky sludge gave off a ghastly odour, but Rayne brushed fingers over his father’s face to remove enough to ensure his nostrils and lips were not clogged. Pendral wore dark armour of stunning emerald, and an Aldebrand cloak with boots of lime steel, that were acquired from Hayley’s Eva’Hahlen warriors before starting this mission. He looked every bit the mighty and noble Magician-Hero that Rayne had heard of in so many stories as a young lad, long before he learnt that Pendral Dragon-Sword had been his true father.
Rayne shouted, ‘Reiden!’ and the colossal Angel rose from the earth as a vapor of energy, scooping Pendral up—who looked like a child in the arms of an adult man when Tohka Reiden held him gently as he stood. ‘Get him out of here!’ Rayne commanded. ‘See that he is cared for until he awakens. Go!’ The sliver haired Angel appeared unwilling to leave Rayne unprotected, even with Odin still nearby. But Rayne pointed to the nearby Portal-Spell he had opened—tall enough for Reiden to pass through—and with a rumbling tone of regret the Battle Angel fetched Pendral’s blade, and after sheathing the weapon with delicate Giant’s fingers he obeyed. That Portal-Spell took Pendral back behind the lines of defenders within Hayley’s regiments that defended the river to the south. There his father could rest and hopefully recover enough strength to re-join the battle here.
Odin’s Bolt-Rain still thudded into the raging Morhidrahl. Blades of menacing fire, jagged and immense, blasted the demon forces with unrelenting fervour. Rayne added more lightning to the assault, as he turned to see hundreds of the beasts closing range, some still riding those massive black boars and wolves, grunting and howling with savage ferocity, while others charged on muscular hooved legs to pound the earth in thunderous tremors. 
Where lightning met with demons or their mounts, the dark-skinned bodies shuddered from the force of each strike, blazing skeletons erupted in white fire, bursting into rivers of blood, flesh turning to vaporous dust that soared on the wailing winds of Odin’s Revenge. 

***
Orion waited impatiently after both he and Tobin were escorted to rooms where they were allowed to stand guard over their female companions, but Orion wished to see with his own eyes who Tarz was preparing to rush to Hayley Martyr’s aid. Tarz had promised hundreds of thousands of his Forsaken warriors and wielders, but so far Orion had not seen any action from Tarz, and soon the man insisted they retire to these adequate chambers, without explaining his reasons other than he ‘had to think.’
Orion didn’t like it at all. He had a keen sense for when something seemed to stink, and this situation was brewing up something vile. We need to find out what Tarz is discussing with his men. Orion signalled in hand sign language. There were guards outside the door with immortal hearing, they would know if there was whispering, but the women were talking loudly enough that they would have trouble filtering the men’s voices through the heavy wooden doors and thick stone walls. At times, the two men used the hand signals of an intricate ancient language of signs to communicate, other times they whispered false versions of their supposed intentions. If they did not speak at all, that would raise suspicions from the guards, and they were surely loyal to Tarz in every respect. At times they would growl or yawn as time passed to show they were frustrated with their almost imprisonment. 
It was all very fishy!
Janeanne sat looking more than forlorn over the loss of her real parents. Orion’s pain was stark every time he looked at his darling adopted daughter’s brave and bewildered expressions. Elmira sat next to Janeanne with an arm over her shoulder, Lydia sat to one side and Isabelle and Terese were standing close by. ‘That bloody madman!’ Terese was saying in a controlled tone of fury. ‘How many times did I warn Jean that Adem was too dangerous to get close to? I worried myself sick for all those years we first spent together, trying to keep them apart. Now we have lost the Daughter of Thor. The situation seems utterly hopeless.’
‘We cannot know for certain that Jean is actually...’ Lydia glanced at Janeanne apologetically, ‘she might still be alive and well, somewhere.’
‘Or somewhen,’ Terese agreed. ‘I bloody well hope so, for Adem’s sake, if he ever returns from whatever hell that fist dragged him into.’
‘You think Mother could really still be alive?’ Janeanne asked in a state of elation. She wiped a tear from her cheek before saying, ‘I don’t think Father would be in hell, yet. Though he would deserve it if Mother really is gone.’
We need to get a message to Kien Modrellock. This time they spoke only with hand signs. Orion explained that, Adem said Kien was suspicious of Tarz.
He suspected Tarz murdered Torin? Tobin signed in question.
Orion’s stare indicated he did not need to even nod in reply. ‘So, how are we to spend our time cooped up like a pair of roosters watching over the hens?’ Tobin asked in a loud deep tone. 
‘I could use a nice hot bath and a change of garments,’ Orion replied touching the tip of his nose, his voice also loud but not too obvious. ‘You think we can leave the women unguarded long enough to smoke a pipe and grab a bite at least?’
‘You boys run along and have your bath time,’ Terese stated in feigned exasperation. ‘I’ll have no trouble trying to keep watch over these chirpy chicks!’ The ladies all grinned as Orion and Tobin walked to knock on the door. When it opened, the tall Torvellen glared with dark eyes and asked, ‘Is there anything that you gentlemen need?’
Orion mouthed the word ‘gentlemen’ under his breath.
This man was your people’s King long before your grandfather was ever imagined, sonny!’ Tobin bellowed with a scowl. ‘And you greet him with “anything you gentlemen need?” I should belt you out of your boots right where you stand!’ Tobin emulated the mock behaviour of the embattled half-senile pensioner before Orion intervened to say with a calm tone, ‘My dear old chum and I wish to stretch our legs, grab a pipe, a bite and maybe have our baths drawn. Would that be something you could assist a couple old badgers with, sonny?’
The Torvellen’s expression implied he saw through their little charade. Which is just as Orion and Tobin had wanted him to react.

***
When Tobin slid himself into the adequately warm tub of soapy water, he lifted a large cigar from the small table beside the copper bath. Orion was seated in an identical tub beside him, their fresh change of Alit’aren black garments and previous black plated cuirass, pauldrons, greaves, and gauntlets sitting beside the tables with fresh towels. 
The guard at the door grimaced when Orion requested a little brandy to be brought in with a platter of venison, breads, and gooey white crust cheese from the southwestern vineyard regions. ‘Make sure it’s from the reserve,’ Tobin boomed with cigar flourished in right hand. ‘A Ruhalden Edeleine Port should suffice.’ That should be fairly easy for them to find, though it was also fine enough for the tastes of former Immortal Kings. The cigars had already been provided courtesy of General Tarz. ‘I can’t light up without a good drop to go with it.’ Tobin and Orion did not suspect the man would try to poison them, yet. So, they made their requests before the guard slammed the door after an irritated glare for the both of them.
Before the man exited Orion also demanded, ‘Have someone bring refreshments to my Lady’s room. Fruit, wine and cheese and crackers. Oh, and my darling Janeanne is terribly upset at present, could you send the lad Kien? Son of Torin? He used to babysit the girl when she was younger. They have a connection.’ The man had simply nodded with an annoyed running of fingers through dark spiked hair. This series of events and what followed after were all part of a meticulous plan devised by the two men with their wives watching their hand signals like hawks, earlier in the previous chamber. 

***
Kien waited till the guard opened the door to allow him entrance to the chambers where Lady Lydia and Elmira were being held. There was no better word for it. He entered with a bottle of fine wine in one hand, a basket of refreshments looped over his other arm. Lydia and Elmira asked casual questions about the age and region of the wine, while signalling to Kien in hand signs of Tobin and Orion’s plan.
Kien was relieved to have allies like the wives of Orion Demon-Slayer and Tobin Fire-Heart. These men and the women that had ruled as Immortal Queens alongside them for hundreds of years were legends within history. So long he’d been confined in this system of mind and soul control, under the oppression of Tarz and his corrupted army. Kien had been suspicious of Tarz for many years, since the unusual circumstances surrounding his father, Torin’s, death. His father had been murdered, that was well known, but the suspicious nature of the event was that Torin had been butchered with a sharp blade, the knife still plunged into his blood-soaked chest when Kien had found him the next morning. It suggested not only that his father had been Shielded-Trapped and blocked from teron before the attacker sprung. But that his father very likely had also been in the presence of those he thought he could trust before the attack occurred. 
Lydia signed these concerns, confirming that they knew Kien had discussed these matters with Jean Fairsythe. The sign used was The Daughter of Thor, for Jean Fairsythe, and Kien was most displeased to find her missing. The rumours had already begun to spread, that Adem Highlander had murdered his own wife. Kien spoke in a calm tone about the province of the wine, ‘It is not a vintage unfortunately, but a taste of high regard in high circles.’ At the same time Kien signed that they had his full attention. The look on every woman’s face was hard and deadly serious. 

***
Hayley rode the great white wolf Shadowhunter, once known to serve Balor Evil Eye. Why the wolf had come to serve her, she did not know or understand. But she would use every tool and weapon at her disposal to find a path to victory. She charged through the masses of Morhidrahl, the wolf biting chunks from limbs and torsos, ripping dark snake shaped skulls from neck and shoulders in brilliant black sprays. 
Beside Hayley her two Battle Angels hovered above each shoulder, Hawks of enchanted fire tearing through demon souls with vehement retaliation. Druantia soared on emerald wings, hair of dark flame: black eyes lit forest green. Her massive jade bow unleashed torrents of Lightning-Arrows that struck their victims like Hammers of the Gods, blasting dark flesh apart in flares of pale green: blazing emerald skeletons collapsed into burning black dust.
Enserah brought a storm of pure white lightning bolts that ripped skulls apart, split torsos or ripped bodies in half in flashes of burning brilliance amidst a roar of chaotic thunder. Her daughter was a beacon of white energies, wreathing her dark feathered wings: sizzling her streaming black hair that flowed around her form like live serpents. Demons fell in waves, turned to burning ash with her gaze. Lightning of a thousand bolts per half-breath feathered the fields like blazing arrows: planting demon flesh into the fiery dirt. A raging flow of lightning also tore through the chests and skulls of any demons that opposed Hayley upon the field, if her Angel-Wolf did not see to it first.
The bulk of her forces were positioned behind the river that would block this demon army from advancing on the Free Lands, for a day or two at least. She would not risk them at this point in time—her forces were limited and drained, they needed sleep—and had decided she would use her Angels to get a better look at this demon threat. She’d seen enough!
Druantia informed her that Pendral was now held by Rayne’s Angel, Reiden, on the west side of the river, and that he was currently unconscious. The battle was too hot to turn back now, so she simply commanded, Take him to where Tarz is organizing his troops. I do not have time to deal with Pendral right now. Tarz would see that Pendral received Healing-Magic for whatever ailed him. She needed to seek out what was driving this demon army. She almost shivered to wonder what the equivalent of a Souljhin General would look like amongst these Demons of the Old Ways Magic. 
Green Men charged through the fields on either side of Shadowhunter. The Leaf Giants smashed through demon flesh, tearing bodies in half, or pushing Morhidrahl to the ground. Ripping skulls free in bursts of black blood. Others clubbed at the demons, spreading a flame of jade green, becoming Dwarves hacking through flesh and bone with burning axes. Some of those fires took form of stocky Emerald Giants planting massive shining axe-heads in chests, throats, and skulls. Demon flesh collapsed in piles of smoking sulphur.
Ki’mera fed Hayley an endless source of an ancient and intense form of revitalizing magic. The howls of thousands of those deadly wolves could be heard, the same as those they had faced earlier in the forest battles. From what she could sense faintly in the distant east, it assured her of two things. Her husband was waiting out there, and he was not being held prisoner. 


Chapter 15

 Legends within History

Adem woke in a cold sweat, bleeding, he was surely dying. Joel had done his best to apply bandages with torn shirt sleeves, but the bleeding hadn’t stopped. He heard shouts in the distance, they were in the tunnels. Joel was pulling Adem by the shoulders through the network of round concrete tubes barely tall enough for a man to stand.
Occasionally he thought he saw flashlights. They were getting close. He heard dogs too. They had his scent. 
Eventually the pain was unbearable. He told Joel to stop for a moment. They crouched in the darkness. Sounds of pursuit growing louder.
Then a tall figure was standing beside them. He didn’t see the man approach. He was tall, impossibly tall. But he was not mortal. He was Elf Kin. 
‘I can hold them off for you.’ The man spoke in a rough tone. Adem took a moment to recognise the voice. It was the vampire he’d allowed to escape a similar network of tunnels when they searched to rescue the young man Alex. ‘It should buy you enough time to escape.’
‘Why?’ It was the only question Adem could think to ask.
The vampire turned, his eyes black shards like wet ink. ‘We all long for a fitting end to our story. I came because I learnt of their plans. I wanted you to have another chance.’ The vampire drew a blade that glimmered like slivers of the moon.
‘Thank you,’ was all Adem could say, before Joel was dragging him further, down a new network of tunnels.
‘Till we meet again. Adem Highlander.’

*** 
Carl’s team of drivers slowed to a halt above a ridgeline that overlooked a tunnel opening. He knew from his senses that Adem was in that series of tunnels. Carl crouched on the back of a ute tray; a Sabre-Tooth machine gun raised on a tripod behind his head. 
Gunshots rang out moments after they stopped at the ridge. The Sabre roared with ferocity in retaliation. Other Jeep riders hung from windows spraying machine gun fire in the direction that the shots had been fired. They would provide cover for Adem to escape.
But Carl sensed Adem was not fit for running, or even walking at this stage. He leapt over the side of the ute, charging down into the valley towards the opening of the large drainpipe. Adem was close, he could feel it. He could almost see him.
As Carl ran rifle bullets ricocheted off the stone surroundings as he made his way into the valley. Carl was older than most immortals had ever lived, but his flesh was still firm. He swiftly made his way through a series of tunnels, shouting out to Adem, ‘It’s Carl Wilder! I’m here to rescue you!’ He heard dogs barking further down a nearby tunnel, gun fire and men screaming in terror. Finally, he heard a man gasp, only metres from the edge of the next tunnel. He made out the shape of two men crouched in the shadows, but his senses already told him it was Adem before his friend shouted, ‘I’m here, Carl! I’m hurt!’ 

*** 
Adem lay back on the tray of the ute, his head rested in Carl’s lap as the wheels spun: burning smoke on their exit. Gunshots rang out, but they were long gone before then. The sound of pursuit continued as he heard Carl speaking to Joel. The words sounded fuzzy to Adem’s ears, but he knew they were talking about his condition.
‘…hasn’t got much time left…’ he heard Carl saying.
‘…bastards got him while he was trying to save me!’ Joel was shouting over the machine-gun’s roar.
Carl placed his hands and fingers around Adem’s skull, and Adem felt a prickling electrical sensation enter his mind and body. A blazing golden-red sunset was touching the horizon. He saw flashes of many things, events past, present and future, from this world, and also from Kismeria…
Glimmer!
Teron was a blizzard of erupting volcanoes surging through a system of organs and veins, muscle and bone that was removed from the corruption of teron via the miracle potion. Those small sips he’d taken, combined with the Staff, gave him enough strength in Angel-Magic to tear the earth into shreds, raising mountains from the seas and turning mountains into valleys. 
Before unleashing the Angel-Magic, he noticed a vast Portal-Spell ringed by a white glow appear directly above him in the sky, over three hundred feet or higher over his head. A swarm of vampires were also seen flying close to the Portal-Magic, then they seemed to flee his wrath in terror, flying through the opening by the hundreds if not thousands.
A speeding object tore through the surface of the plateau and reached out for Adem like a giant fist of stone and soil, grasping his Shield-Sphere like a marble in an adult hand. He was dragged down through the mountain and into the earth at incredible speed. The walls around him spread out then reformed as if in time with the movement of the giant hand that clutched him without hope of escape. He struck the hand and vine covered brown arm with torrents of teron, but though fire and lightning encased the hand and limb, it was to no avail. He was unable to break free.
It seemed he was boring into the centre of the earth, or perhaps close to it, when he found himself looking up into the face of a Giant the size of the Battle Angels of Ancient Days. The creature must have towered over eighty feet tall, rounded belly and thick limbs that could have been formed from smoothed clay, wrapped in leaves and vines, fruits and flowers, with the same arrangement for long ladylike hair, and two black seeds for eyes the size of wagon wheels.
Glimmer!
That giant Earth Spirit was gazing down at Adem with open curiosity and perhaps a short temper brewing in those hazelnut eyes. After a time, she spoke, though the language was in Elf Tongue, so Adem insisted he could not understand, as Arawn had become separated from him when he was captured.
‘Oh, you speak the Mortal Tongue, then, do you?’ The Angel woman asked in a rasping tone. ‘In the Old Days, many mortals still knew the Ancient Tongue, though you are not from here, are you?’
‘I’m from Earth,’ Adem replied. ‘Why have you captured me?’
‘To be rid of you!’ The woman snapped, then gave a hearty chuckle. ‘You are a pest in the nest!’
‘I’m one of the Sons of Odin,’ Adem insisted. 
‘Yes, yes, I know of you, but you almost destroyed my world. You would have cracked us open like an egg thrown at the wall. I helped make this world.’ 
‘I’m sorry,’ Adem admitted. ‘I am in terrible pain!’ He almost shouted the last with rage. Then he had a moment of clarity, as if he could remember this event happening before…
Glimmer!
Adem fell from the sky, flew through the heavens, he was burning in hellfire, bathed in pure light... Adem woke in his bedroom, the bedroom of his parent’s house! He realised when he turned on the light switch, after failing three times to wield teron to light a sphere of flame.
He gazed about in wonder. What happened? Where is Carl and Wil? Where is Jea—as memory returned, he suddenly found himself on the floor gazing up at the light that was now spotted with dark flecks in his vision; he’d taken a nasty fall and smashed his skull. He screamed, but it was not for the pain of falling, he realised in horror that he had ... he had killed ... I killed Jean? ‘I killed my wife!’ Tears filled his eyes, falling from his face as the door opened. His mother stood in the doorway.
‘What madness are you rambling, Adem! What’s wrong with you? You have no wife!’ 
Her words struck him like a gong, but the pain in his soul burned with new fire, and he screamed again, clawing at his face as if wishing he could rip the skin clean off.
 ‘Jason, he’s been at it again. This time I say we kick him out!’
What is going on? Adem thought, his mind reeling in shock and pure agony. ‘What is this place?’ he asked in disbelief. ‘Where am I?’ What the hell is going on here?
Glimmer!
Adem felt Carl touching his skull with those electrical vibrations, as if Carl were trying to see into his mind. But it was not that exactly, he later realised. Carl was using some gift of Angel-Magic, that he was still able to wield here on Earth, to reverse time within Adem’s mind…
Glimmer!
‘What have you learnt from it all?’ The great Earth spirit was asking Adem, clutching him like an acorn in her palms.
‘What?’ Adem asked.
‘What did you learn?’
‘Learn? What do you mean?’
‘Not good enough,’ the elderly voice croaked, as a light encircled Adem in blazing colours.
Glimmer!
‘What madness are you rambling, Adem? It’s three in the morning! What’s wrong with you? You have no wife!’ 
His Mother’s words struck him like a gong, but the pain in his soul burned with new fire. He screamed, clawing at his face. Wishing he could rip the skin clean off.
 ‘Jason, this time I say we kick him out!’
What is going on? Adem thought, his mind reeling in shock. What the hell is going on here?
Glimmer!
Adem saw dark shapes circling overhead, shadows with batwings the size of men. The Sabre-Tooth spat bullet shells with violent rage. Roaring like a pride of lions. Adem was losing consciousness. A darkness was taking over his vision. Carl’s face grew dim…
‘Hold on, Adem!’ Carl was saying. ‘Focus on what you can see and hear.’
Glimmer!
‘What did you learn, Odin Son?’ Sometimes the great Earth-Spirit would place him under a kind of massive crystal drinking goblet, where he was still unable to wield Portal-Magic to fight or escape. It seemed that hours passed as he was trapped in that glazed red sphere. Days even. Then she would return to ask again, ‘What have you learnt?’
‘Why do you keep asking me that?’ Adem cried, held by Gaia, he was as helpless as a lamb to slaughter. ‘I learnt that…you can’t change the past!’
‘Oh, but you can,’ Gaia replied, hazel eyes turning soft as she gazed down like a caring mother. ‘Tell me something that can’t be changed.’
‘I don’t know,’ Adem spluttered. ‘You can’t change the weather.’
‘Yes, you can!’ The Earth Spirit gave a deep sigh. ‘I grow weary of this game, mortal. Tell me what I need to hear, or I will end it here and now!’
Adem perceived a clear threat in her tone.
‘You can’t mend what is truly broken!’ Adem shouted. ‘So, no matter how much you are hurting, when you’ve broken something that can’t be mended, you can’t take it out on others by hurting them too!’
‘Good answer,’ Gaia smiled with chestnut lips of deep-emerald vines and brown wooden branches. ‘You are free to go.’
Adem stared in wonder at the gracious being, ‘Thank you, Gaia, I won’t forget you!’
‘Just don’t go trying to crack my world like an eggshell,’ Gaia replied with the voice of a soft summer storm. ‘And remember, anyone can change the past. It’s just that most don’t have the strength to know how.’
Adem bowed deeply, feeling teron seep back into his form as he stood with feet planted on a palm of wooden planks the size of an eight-wheel wagon. With a delicate grip of the other hand, she mended the break in the Staff of Rejuvenation and Ruination. Handing it to him with a warm smile. He made a flourishing gesture with the legs of his robe, then formed a Portal-Spell to get out of there as fast as he could jump!

***
Tobin and Orion continued their nonchalant charade while waiting for their Edeleine Port to arrive. When the man entered, he displayed the bottle while talking of its fruits and region, stating that it was definitely from the reserve. At the same time, the slender dark eyed Torvellen made many hand gestures to sign that he was a friend of Kien Modrellock. That he had been sent as a replacement of the first man that was fetching the port, after Kien spoke in signs with Tobin and Orion’s wives. There were other specific codes passed from the women to Kien and then to this friend, to assure Tobin and Orion that they were not being tricked by one of Tarz’s spies. This man was Forsaken, but his loyalties were evidently closely tied to Kien and his followers.
After some discussion of what was to take place next, Tobin lit both his own and Orion’s cigars, at the same time that he released a significant amount of Angel-Magic around the room, mainly in the form of Fire-Magic. The door swung open, and the guard peered in with a narrow gaze. What he saw were Orion and Tobin puffing away on cigars blazing—half the length of each cigar was fiery red embers—with the thick curtains behind them aflame in brilliant orange. ‘Sorry about that, sonny,’ Tobin said with a grin, ‘was lighting these beauties when I lost control of the flows.’ He pounded his left fist against his heart. ‘Had a little surge of teron.’ Then with a gesture, he extinguished the flames. The guard gazed around the room with open suspicion. He glared at the messenger, who humbly acknowledged the man with a tilt of his head and a placid expression. The guard closed the door.
What the guard had not picked up on, was that the kusazuri style pauldrons and kote style gauntlets worn by the messenger was now slightly different, though still all black on black garments. This was because Kien Modrellock was the messenger, now wearing a disguise of the messenger’s face and hair. They had looked similar to begin with which helps these kinds of tricks. When Tobin had unleashed the surge in teron, Kien had opened a Portal-Spell, linked to a device held by the messenger, and in an Aelfin Microsecond, they had exchanged places. The messenger was now in a storeroom somewhere near where he had found the bottle of port. This is where Kien had formed the Portal-Magic. So far below anyone important it was unlikely to be noticed. Portal-Spells required significant amounts of Angel-Magic, and in a place like this, it was the sort of thing that got noticed first. Face masks of Illusion-Magic required much lower amounts of teron. Likewise, the guards would have detected Kien wielding if he had worn the disguise and attempted to enter through the front door. Approaching guards while holding Angel-Magic was considered rude, and if not hostile, at least quite suspicious. With Tobin still holding so much Angel-Magic before the guard closed the door, it appeared their little ruse was working so far. 
Kien signed the necessary codes to ensure the men that he was who they believed him to be, and a friend. My father was very fond of the both of you. The man signed with solemn eyes. He was loyal to your kingdoms until the end.
He was a dear friend, Orion signed in reply, and we miss him greatly.
After some further discussion about how the men would like to drink their port—Kien used minor wielding of teron to emulate the voice of the messenger who he had replaced—and if the glasses he had brought were suitable, the men began signing furiously to instruct Kien that he would need to sneak close enough to Tarz’s office to hear what the men were talking about.
We need to know why he isn’t sending his forces to the battlefront, Tobin insisted. We cannot leave here without creating too much suspicion. You will need to do this, Kien. 
Sneaking around outside the castle walls in broad daylight is difficult at the best of times, Kien signed in reply. Tarz has the entire watch on full alert. But I will do as you ask.
When the man exited through another Portal-Spell, as the messenger returned to take his place, Tobin wielded another minor torrent of teron. The guard swung the door wide and glared at all with sureness that foul deeds were afoot.  
‘Just reheating the tubs, sonny!’ Tobin boomed, tapping his chest again. ‘Got a bit of a chill.’
‘It’s the Borderland summer,’ the guard replied with a sneer.
‘Is it, my young lad?’ Tobin chuckled. ‘Are you sure?’ With the recent warps of seasons and timelines, Tobin himself couldn’t even be sure. It had been snowing during the forest battles. But that was several hundred miles west of the Green Border. And in the Borderlands, you nearly always felt as if you were baking in a kiln. The bathroom was cool enough for the lie to work though, it seemed. ‘The way things are going lately it could be Winter before the Dawn.’ He grinned like a black maned lion, holding his sheathed sword hilt up above the edge of the bathtub. The guard gently reclosed the door in a nervous retreat.

***
Kien Modrellock was an adept spy. His father had taught him from a young age. Read peoples’ facial expressions, look for signs of guilt, shame, treachery, and so on. Always wear a mask of pure serenity and bashful obedience amongst your superiors. Do not let them see that you suspect them in any way. These were rules his father Torin had taught him.
An Aldebrand cloak would be needed for this mission, and the garment of the ghoda’sidhe. He would need to be invisible to scale the outer walls of the castle towers where Tarz held most private meetings with his generals. Kien prepared his clothing, taking time to check that he had all the necessary weapons at his disposal. He would take his longsword, hidden beneath the cloak, but the bow was too big, too encumbering for the mission.
No one could be allowed to see him wearing the garments, and in the hallways, he may be detected. So, he slung all the garments into a sack he wore over his shoulders. He would make it well known that he was preparing to leave for a time, and therefore make a show of packing belongings. He packed a small cart with foodstuffs, blankets, and the like, parading the cart along behind him as he walked the halls with dignified pride in his role as a servant of Lord Captain-General Tarz of the Forsaken Alit’aren and Ael Tarael.
He made brief conversation when necessary, stopping only if a passer-by made remarks about his apparent departure. Yes, he was going to take some time to visit his relatives in the west. No, he did not know when he would return. The absence from duty had already been cleared by Tarz’s Generals earlier in the month, which provided the perfect excuse for the subterfuge, as without permission, Kien would be executed as a deserter. The fact that the time away had been organized this month was pure coincidence, though Kien was planning to leave. He was not planning on returning.
He made his way to the lower levels of the keep, walking casually, bowing when necessary, a nod here, a wave there. Just another day in service to his people. 
When the opportunity arose however, when there was a stretch of hallway with no prying eyes in sight, he slipped through a basement entrance doorway. After making his way so far below the castle that no one was likely to sense him wielding Angel-Magic, he delivered the cart to a small town where his grandmother sat in a rocking chair knitting a sweater. She smiled at him as he stepped through the Portal-Spell into her living room. He left without a word, returning to a walkway some distance from his point of interest.
He was already invisible when he returned to the Borderland walkways, after changing into the ghoda’sidhe and Aldebrand cloak to hide his form. His Portal-Spell was intricately designed so that although a trained wielder would likely sense Angel-Magic was being wielded nearby, any that was looking where Kien appeared would barely notice the warps of space via Air-Magic, effectively his return was also invisible. He had opened the Portal-Magic at a blind spot where he was able to step directly onto a ledge of stone that skirted the walls of a tower.
He wasted no time making his way to the higher levels of the keep, while watching for the dozens of guards that patrolled the walkways and tower windows surrounding Tarz’s meeting rooms. This type of expert climbing was another technique his father, Torin, had taught Kien from a young age. A spy must be able to scale whatever walls and keeps that are necessary to obtain whatever information he requires. These were his father’s words.
The cloud cover was black and terrible, scarlet side-winding thunderbolts piercing the heavens. The lightning storm would aid his escape, though the light rain and icy winds whipped his cloak about making it more difficult to remain unseen. 
When he reached the ledge of Tarz’s meeting chamber, he placed a small device shaped like a cup against the wall, pressing his ear to it. It was an enhanced version of the rather less sophisticated cup against wall listening trick, using Angel-Magic to give a clear sharp detection of sound without requiring teron to be wielded to achieve the trick. There were no windows, as Tarz was wary of spies, though Kien was not foolish enough to try spying through a window, so he was blind in terms of what the men were signing to each other through the walls. Kien’s ability to wield was also self-shielded to hide his presence from Tarz, who would otherwise sense a wielder spy was scaling the castle walls outside his chamber.

***
Lord Captain-General Tarz sat at his writing desk, looking over a large map of the Borderlands, marked with positions of the invading demon forces. He knew he had to act swiftly, but he needed to preserve his forces for the Ragnarök Battle. This was the reason for his reluctance to send a large force of wielders to aid Hayley Martyr. 
He rubbed his temples as a fierce headache returned. Those had been common since the early days of the Schism within teron. In truth, he had also experienced blackouts on many occasions. Things were revealed to him after those blackouts that suggested he had lost control somehow, as if he were still active while being unconscious. 
General Jen Terendel stood over the desk with a grim expression. The room was empty otherwise, a large meeting chamber with dark stone walls lined with long-bladed spears. 
‘When do we strike, my lord?’ Jen asked.
‘I need time,’ Tarz replied.
There was a knock at the door. ‘Enter,’ Tarz responded. Rolin Trex entered with dark eyes glistening near madness. So many were already tipping over the edge. ‘What is it?’ Tarz barked.
‘Lord Pendral Dragon-Sword has been brought to the keep, my Lord General,’ the man replied nervously.
‘Send him to me,’ Tarz commanded, but Rolin shook his head.
‘Pendral is unconscious,’ the messenger said. ‘He was wounded in battle.’
‘I will see to him shortly,’ Tarz said with a grimace. ‘No one is to attempt Healing-Magic on him without my word on it. Understood?’ Rolin nodded, shifting from one foot to another. ‘What else?’ Tarz asked.
‘Kien Modrellock has departed on sabbatical,’ Rolin said. ‘He took his leave two days earlier than previously allowed.’
‘Detain him,’ Tarz replied, then the man exited and closed the door.
‘Kien,’ Tarz mused, almost to himself, ‘do we have any reason to suspect him of any treachery?’
‘His father was murdered,’ Jen replied expressionless. ‘He has been under careful watch ever since.’
‘What happened to his father?’ Tarz asked, to which Jen gasped in wonder.
‘You ordered it, my lord,’ was Jen’s reply.
‘What madness are you spouting man?’ Tarz thumped the desk with an open palm. ‘Why would I order such a thing?’
‘His father was a spy, my lord. How can you not remember?’
Tarz rubbed his temples, his headache was burning something serious, a pain like a blade shoved through the side of his skull. ‘I’ve been…not myself lately.’ He reached for the gourd of potion, tipping it back with mouth open. It was bone dry. Suddenly he felt what he imagined as a blue burning claw of ice reaching in through his back, clutching his heart in an iron vice. It was one of those familiar moments that always occurred before he lost consciousness.

***
Kien felt Angel-Magic wielded slightly as the room was closed off from spying listeners. Tarz had obviously wielded the spell. But Kien’s listening device was capable of still hearing their voices within the Sound-Shield. He listened with a chill going up his spine as both Tarz and then Jen’s voices changed, to a deeper and savage tongue. It was the voice of a psychotic, though Kien knew enough to guess at the source.
Kien was still in shock to learn for certain that Tarz had ordered his father’s murder. But the words that followed nearly brought him to his knees. 
‘Fear not, Mottur’Ark,’ Tarz said in that alien tone. ‘I have this one under control again.’
‘I have this one, also, Dohro’Shahl,’ was Jen’s reply. Both men were speaking in those strange voices that assured Kien these men were under the control of possession demons. ‘What shall we do about Koriken?’ Jen’s demon asked.
‘We will send for our Brothers,’ Dohro’Shahl replied. ‘They will take him to Kerak’Otozi to be bathed in the High-Jinn’s Blessings once more.’
‘What of Hayley Martyr and her Dark Elves?’ Mottur’Ark asked.
‘Crush them!’ Tarz grunted. ‘They must be wiped out! To make way for our forces to invade.’
‘What of the royals and the Daughter-Heir?’ Jen asked in the voice of a corrupted soul. 
‘Execute them!’ Tarz commanded. ‘They must not be allowed to rebuild their armies under the monarchies of Nordhel and Tarvel. Highlander’s daughter will join Pendral. She is precious to the cause.’ As a massive red thunderbolt struck the distant fields, Kien leapt from the wall, creating a Portal-Spell at the same moment he pressed the small disc to alert Noldur Akor that he was returning to Tobin and Orion’s bathroom. 

*** 
Orion was dressing when Tobin wielded another surge to allow Kien to re-enter the room where the men had been bathing. Tobin was already dressed, and when the guard stuck his head in Tobin bellowed that he was, ‘Just lighting the fire, sonny!’
Kien signed all that he had learned once the guard shut the door on his exit. Pendral was being held in the keep, and Tarz did not want him touched by Healing-Magic. But worse than anything, Tarz and his generals were under the control of possession demons. Tarz is preparing to have you all executed! Kien signed, Except for Janeanne Highlander. He also plans to destroy Hayley Martyr and her Dark Elf Army.
Orion and Tobin wasted no time. They crafted Portal-Magic and the three men left before the guard opened the door. A moment later they were in the lounge where Lydia, Elmira, Terese, and Isabelle were guarding Janeanne. The women were alert and ready to move, just as Orion signed to Janeanne, Take us to Pendral, now! The door swung wide as the eight companions exited via another Portal-Spell in a flurry of burning light. 
Pendral was guarded by five Alit’aren, though Orion was pleased to see them re-sheath their weapons when the team arrived in his chamber. The man was spread across a bed, still wearing his emerald armour and Aldebrand cloak. Tobin moved to lift the man, as shouts sounded from outside. Orion attempted to create an escape Portal-Spell, just as Janeanne’s vanished. Orion gasped as he found he could not make the attempt. One of the black armoured Torvellen in the room explained, ‘They have Blockers. You won’t be able to open a Portal while they hold them in your proximity.’ Orion made another series of signs for the women, including a special message for Janeanne. These coded signs were identifiable only by Lydia, Elmira and Janeanne, a series of additional words devised over the years Janeanne grew up in Red River. The last sign was, We fight our way out! All three men and all five women were all still holding Angel-Magic. Orion and Tobin, Lydia and Elmira were also joined in a link. They could not be blocked from wielding, but those Blockers made it impossible to create Portal-Spells while those guards outside the door were still close by. 
The door burst into splinters as three black armoured swordsmen charged into the room. They were all dead and bleeding before they moved four feet from the doorway. Orion flicked his bloodstained sword to spatter the dark stone flooring, wiping the blade clean on a fallen man’s black coat. Angel-Magic would’ve taken them down more efficiently, but they would use blades as much as possible to avoid signalling their positions with powerful Angel-Magic of teron and terael.

Chapter 16


 Last of their Line

Elmira marched behind her husband as he cut a path to their freedom. Lydia and Elmira formed Shield-Spheres around their party to ensure the Forsaken attackers could not wound them with spells. Which left it mostly up to Orion to cut down the enemy with his gleaming blade marked in golden runes. Tigerblade was Orion’s father’s weapon before him, and the sword had been passed down through generations dating back to when Orion’s direct line were first Torvellen Kings.
Orion was born of Kings of Old, and the last of their lineage. They were an ancient people. Once proud and mighty. Ages ago when immortals and demons were forever at war. The blood of noble warriors flowed in his veins. Against these foes, he was unstoppable.
He moved like a phantom from one combatant to the next, slicing through armour and flesh as crimson blood sprayed in waves. These men were loyal to Tarz, and although they may not yet be truly mad, or under the control of possession demons, Orion was determined to break free. Any that stood in his path faced a swift execution.
Bolt-Lightning of deep blue was thrown at the former Torvellen King, but even without the aid of Elmira’s and Lydia’s Shield-Spells, he would not have been touched by such an assault. His abilities in Angel-Magic far surpassed any of these young amateurs. They were stones rolling under the force of an avalanche.
Tobin could not aid him, as he carried Pendral. The man still had not awoken, although Lydia had tried to provide him enough Healing-Magic to revive him to consciousness. Pendral and Tobin aiding Orion would have made this escape quick and simple, if not necessarily clean. She shuddered at another spray of red. Orion morphed through the hallway: golden blade hacking down the enemy with efficiency and ease. There was no ring of blade against blade, Orion was too fast and too skilled with the sword to even need to oppose their attempts to fight back, although they probably believed themselves to be the aggressors. The display was taking its toll on their confidence, however. They were beginning to fall back. Following in front and behind, but avoiding conflict with Orion as much as possible, without allowing them completely free passage through the halls.
Terese and Isabelle guarded the rear with blade and bow, and those that thought to attempt to cross that barrier soon realised it was better to follow at a safe distance. Janeanne could have cut this enemy down with her Burning Swordsmen, just as Orion could unleash Golden Tigers if he really wished to end this without effort. But there was the matter of honour to be considered. These warriors had served the Free Lands for a thousand years, holding back demon forces that would otherwise have destroyed the world a hundred times over. They would not slaughter men that were simply doing their duty, no matter how convoluted their interpretation of that duty may be. 
Those Blockers were the trouble. The size of a small round shield—a metallic disc of rings of green, red, and yellow—men carried them on the outer edges of the attacking lines of Forsaken. Each time a series of warriors fell to Orion’s blade, the shield wearers retreated further to allow more swordsmen to take up position in front of them. This meant that none of Elmira’s party were able to form Portal-Spells to assure their escape. There was always a backup plan with Orion and Tobin however, and this one involved a very large dragon. Janeanne had been able to locate Pendral due to their joined consciousness with the dragon Shienden’kroxus. Earlier, during the time that Orion and Tobin took their baths, Janeanne had summoned the great dragon to make its way towards the Borderland walls where they were being held. Elmira gazed skyward through the hallway ceiling as Shienden’s roar seemed to make the very stones in the wall vibrate. 

***
Hayley no longer rode the massive wolf Shadowhunter, as it seemed the creature required rest, returning to wherever it now resided. Instead she stood on the palm of one of her Green Men, wielding Angel-Magic in vast surges to vaporize demon scum that stood in her path. Morhidrahl wielding those burning axes and blades swung with menace at her and her sentinels, though Shield-Spheres maintained by Druantia and Enserah ensured there was no danger to Hayley at present.
Enserah was a blazing white torch with dark wings fanning as if a Lightning Crow had entered the battlefield. Her gaze wiped out Morhidrahl, and their similar sized cousins the Rohgorahl that were also present in smaller numbers. The stone-skinned creatures howled with bloodlust: wielding weapons that burned as if they held molten lava. But Enserah’s might was too incredible for even these deadly and ancient demons. They fell in swathes under the majesty of her terrible Darkness and Might, as if a heart wrenching music filled the air that was her joined by her daughter’s song of retribution and damnation for those that opposed the All-Father.
The resonance of that symphony was in the waves of blinding thunderbolts that threatened to tear the earth into a new sea. Druantia wielding her bow with Jade Lightning-Arrows that blasted the enemy into sheets and ribbons of crust and coal. 
It was then that her husband appeared, a warp of space revealing his terrifying form floating on a dark storm cloud, surrounded by his Battle Angels Gwydion and Dis Pater. The two Angels appeared wreathed in a corrupt mist that emanated about their forms where light should have flowed. Even Dis Pater’s golden axe had turned a disturbing midnight obsidian. 
Gwydion wielded a staff that burned in shadows, his cloak dark as ash and demon blood. Eyes of blazing red. But Wil was worse than either. He appeared taller than normal, also wreathed in a cloud of shadow. His eyes were blazing white orbs, garbed in spiked black armour similar to a Boli-Kuldr. Her chest was aflame. She shuddered with grief. He was without doubt a Servant of the Shadow! Hundreds of those shadow-cloaked wolves were gathered below his form, radiating evil in waves. Howls and snarls of an army forged in damnation.  

***
Rayne and what remained of his forces retreated further south of the demon army via Portal-Magic. There he met with Rievenna and the host of Heroes of Will, Children of Odin, and other Forsaken and Dark Elf protectors.
Rayne and Odin had made a significant dent in the demon ranks with Bolt-Rain incinerating the enemy into floating grey bone-ash. Now they took up their defences behind a fortification of stone walls standing thirty-seven feet tall, where Rayne and his commanders viewed the battle from a watchtower—that stood seventy feet high at the peak—behind the outer wall walkways. It was not much of a wall for holding off demons this tall, though the wielders created Shield-Domes surrounding the circular outer walls, which the Morhidrahl were now surrounding with an ambition to crush their defences and feast on Elven blood.  
Pendral still had not returned, and he was becoming concerned that Tarz may be a traitor. He still had not sent more than a few thousand extra Forsaken warriors, most of those minor wielders. Even Masters of the Blade would not stand a chance against these Morhidrahl and Rohgorahl. 
Though they had a sufficient number of Forsaken wielders on the outer wall walkways, along with Children of Odin and Heroes of Will. The Heroes were also now glowing with the might of enchantment that suggested the presence of these ancient demons was enhancing their abilities from mortal standard to supernatural. 
Morhidrahl approached the outer walls with caution, perhaps after the browbeating Rayne and Odin had dealt them earlier. Some rode those massive wolf and boar mounts, shaggy black spiked manes, and eyes of blood-coal. The demons wielded earth-shattering powers of ancient and deadly might, sending sheet lightning and molten lava-flames that swept upon the walls of the fortress: making the ground shudder on impact. Those stones were also Magic-Forged, but they would not last any longer than the walls of the city that was still being attacked by greater numbers. 
Odin was resting for now, and although Tohka Reiden had returned soon after the Shadow-Dragon was destroyed, they were both best kept on reserve until the need for extreme force arose. 
The purpose of taking up the defence towers was to harry the demon army with lightning and fire, enough to create a distraction for some of their number that had previously been working to tear down the walls of Eromel. Rayne was now joined in an epic link with Rievenna and a dozen Children of Odin, some male and some female, with a back-up chain of thirty Heroes of Will, who were amongst those defending the outer walls.
From the watchtower Rayne could focus this link towards the demon army at Eromel some four miles to the north over mostly flat fields. Bolt-Rain fell like a forest of a thousand white tendrils. Blazing with the Might of Dragon-Sword’s Heir. Pure Elemental Magic struck demons and the earth to make the ground shudder: flesh and bone melted into scorched viscous puddles. The burning fields fried to sheets of glass or erupting in domes of magma from the heat of the blasts. Bolt-Rain obliterated a vast portion of those Morhidrahl that were attacking the city walls, to the point that ranks further back were enraged: seeking out the source of the attacks. This created the distraction Eromel would need to last the evening, let alone the night. 

*** 
Hayley was more than heartbroken to hear the only words spoken by her husband before he began to attack. ‘I’m sorry, my darling one. I now live only to serve the Master.’ She had not cried out: or screamed in anguish or terror. Instead she had smiled. Baring her long canines to show she would not accept defeat yet. Wil’s assault had begun with Gwydion unleashing a tidal wave of Dark Elemental Magics. Spheres of burning energy black as tar were thrown towards her, some striking her own Green Man and others nearby. Those fireballs melted through wooden flesh and bone like dark acid. The sentinels groaned as they made a slight retreat, Druantia and Enserah reinforcing Hayley’s Shield-Sphere to protect her own Green Man first and foremost. 
Druantia struck back at Gwydion with bolts of electric emerald. Her bow burning with Angel-Light to force the Magician God into a retreat. Dis Pater attempted to strike Hayley’s shield with that great axe of heat and shadows. Enserah swooped to clutch the axe blade between her palms, the two godlike beings gripped in struggle as golden and white lightning danced upon the fields in a burning bright magnificence. 
Enserah was much smaller than Dis Pater, he towered over her as a form of brutish muscle, tattooed in dark symbols across tan brown flesh. Enserah was a blazing Lightning-Crow of determination and retaliation. White pythons snapped at Dis Pater’s arms and legs, but they retreated each time as a dark energy entwined their forms to make them shudder and hiss with a crackling energy. 
Moments later Hayley sprang from the palm of her Green Man. She had always had the ability of flight, though she had rarely had the need to exert such a power. It was draining to her ki’mera levels, but right now those were in seemingly endless supply. Wil also hovered mid-air via the gifts of the Jinn-Lord. He had no wings, he just flew. As did Hayley, as they battled in the skies above the demon army, her sword clashing with his dark axe as thunder and lightning echoed in violent rhythm. 
She was the last of the line of Mijimha, the last of her people. She had lived over a thousand years, fought countless battles, and won. She would not surrender and die at the hands of this cursed-fool creature she had once loved. The man she loved would never raise his hand to her. There was no hope for the Sons of Odin in the present. Only in the past did they stand a chance. It pained her to know she would need to send this sorry excuse to the grave. 

***
Janeanne watched as Shienden beat his massive wings to land upon the stone paved courtyard. The earth trembled and rumbled as immense claws and tail touched ground.
She’d summoned the dragon during their captivity amongst Tarz and his Forsaken. Hundreds of those dark garbed warriors were gathered in the courtyard as Orion and Tobin led the way towards the dragon’s lowered neck. Shienden made a fierce display of teeth. Roaring with savage vehemence at the Forsaken wielders and Agnars that attempted to intervene. But their escape was assured. The problem was getting away without more bloodshed.
In front of the two former Immortal Kings, and behind the two female Heroes of Will marched armoured men ten feet tall, forged of glowing emerald wielding blades longer than any man. They did not openly attack the Forsaken men, but the three in front and three behind were there as a warning to any that attempted to cross blades with her defenders. Lydia and Elmira wielded spheres of burning blue flame, though none had been thrown since they made it out onto the walkways of the courtyard.
Agnars carried more of those Blockers, that still forbid Janeanne and her company from creating Portal-Spells to escape in an instant. Which meant they had needed to bring the dragon. The problem with that plan was the chance that this many enemy Alit’aren and Ael Tarael could do some serious damage to Shienden before they escaped.
Her fears were confirmed when lightning fell from the sky in brilliant azure. The sky rumbled with thunder as dozens more bolts began to plummet and lock around the emerald-blue wings of the great lizard. Shienden roared in pain and fury! Janeanne attempted to appease the beast when his head spun to unleash a torrent of intense heat and vengeful blue flame. Incinerating hundreds of enemy soldiers in seconds. A vicious heat and foul stench swept through the breeze. Janeanne formed a new Shield-Sphere to block them from her senses. She created six more Jade Samurai to surround her people as they made their way to Shienden’s neck and shoulders. Orion and Tobin helping the women to climb on, after Pendral was belted to one of the four double-sided chairs strapped across the dragon’s spine. Garbed in do style cuirass and kabuto helmets, mengu style face masks, these warriors formed of pure light were intimidating if not terrifying to her enemies. Katana blades burning wicked emerald. Heads adorned in the jingasa style samurai traveling hat, emanating a pale glow like jade lanterns.
The lightning had ceased the moment Shienden unleashed that incredible Dragon-Flame. Most of the remaining Forsaken were retreating or lowering their weapons to get down on hands and knees in prayers of worship. This part had been simple, even easy. Facing Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan on the battlefield would not be easy at all. The three men had been like adoring uncles to her since she was a child. But in recent years, her feelings for Shaye had changed. She no longer saw him as a relative, but rather, as a potential husband. Knowing he was taken by the Jinn-Lord was nearly enough to break her heart completely.

***
It was getting late in the day when Rayne decided to abandon the fortifications and transport his forces into the city of Eromel. They leapt through Portal-Spells to land on the outer walkways that were heavily defended already by thousands of Agnars, Aldebrands, Archers, Alit’aren and Ael Tarael. Many of the common warriors on the walkways wielded heavy crossbows with barbed steel bolt heads. They would punch through demon flesh to at least take down one enemy per bolt. Others wielded double-handed axes or hammers, pikes, spears, or halberds. They would not last long if these Morhidrahl and other large demons began to scale the city walls. Only a large link of wielders and strong Shield-Magic would keep the city safe. The mood was sombre or even quite tense. Most men and women simply looked disturbed, as if they knew this day would eventually come to be. Others looked to the fields of demon hordes with faces clenched in the grip of stark terror. 
Rayne made his introduction to Captain Nelfolax, a Nordic with hard dark eyes and white tinged spiked black hair. He wore cuirass and pauldrons of gleaming gold-striped cobalt. Matching gauntlets and greaves over dark trousers and boots, a fine coat of dark blue wool with large white cuffs folded back, buttoned in gold. Eromel was mostly manned by mortals, though Nelfolax explained that he had been Captain of the City Wolf-Guard Defenders for over two hundred years. Rayne had not been alive, technically, for most of this man’s occupation here at Eromel, so such facts were interesting pieces of information for Rayne to learn on his travels. Two hundred years suggested the man had experience with battles. Particularly battling demons. Rayne wondered what had possessed the man to send over four thousand cavalry charging onto the fields soon after dawn. The man looked horrified when gazing out at those fields of demons standing twelve to fourteen feet tall. It suggested he was ready to evacuate rather than defend the walls.
‘I have seen your work on the battlefield today, Rayne Dragon-Sword,’ Nelfolax shouted over the thunderous roar of a hundred thousand demons. ‘You have allowed my warriors and wielders a degree of respite while you worked your magic. I would be honoured if you would take command of the wall.’
‘I will not take away your honour to lead,’ Rayne replied. ‘Though I will offer what advice I think is useful, or necessary. My intention is to meet the battle out there.’ He pointed towards the bulk of the demon hordes. ‘I will meet the enemy and battle them toe to toe. This is a good position for watching the battle, but my Battle Angels and I need to get a little closer to really make an impact.’
‘I would be delighted to see what you can do, my lord,’ the captain replied with a nervous grin.
‘It will not just be me alone,’ Rayne replied, gesturing to his assembly of Heroes of Will and Children of Odin. ‘Fortunately, I have acquired a suitable team to accompany me.’ Then he smiled, before shouting to his companions, ‘Everyone should take quite a good sip before we head out!’ He was referring to the miracle potion that cleansed them of the corruptions upon teron and terael. But also gave an incredible surge in the ability to sense and wield Angel-Magic. 
The smile however was for the message he’d just received telepathically. Shienden was on his way! Janeanne, Pendral, Isabelle, Terese and the true Immortal Kings and their Queens were also Shienden’s passengers. Apparently Pendral had woken, and he was starting to recover. They were waiting for Pendral to gain his strength before they created a Portal-Spell big enough for the dragon to pass through. It was Shienden that provided the message, though essentially the dragon was a conduit for Janeanne and Rayne to communicate. 
It was the best news he’d heard all day.

***
Rievenna watched as her darling Rayne formed a Portal-Spell, a shimmering wall of translucent colours and light that dozens of Heroes of Will and Children of Odin leapt through like faithful hounds on the hunt. Rievenna stepped through beside Rayne, to land on the green fields surrounding Eromel. Demon hordes in the tens of thousands massed to the east, and Rayne slaughtered those closest with torrents of that incredible Bolt-Rain he had learnt from his father long ago. It was for this spell in fact that Rayne had been given his name, as the heir of the man who first discovered the ability. It required a massive surge in teron known as Opening Heaven’s Door, or Magic’s Floodgates.
A blazing storm of lightning bolts in pure brilliant blue beams tore through demon skulls and chests, splitting torsos from shoulder to groin, blasting skulls apart in bloody black bursts. The skies were on fire with exquisite light that struck fields and demon swarms: blasting the earth into domes of bulging lava. Ripping demon flesh apart in electric purity. Skulls, limbs, and torn torsos collapsed into piles of smoking bones and sulphur. A field of gigantic double-handed axes and hammers burned wicked gold, scattered amongst the ashes of defeated flesh and rising demon souls. Ki’mera swept upon Rayne and his companions joined to his link like a burning river on the air. Rievenna felt the rush of intensity from foul corruption and revitalising energy that was the essence of evil souls. The virulent aspect was the Jinn-Lord’s transformation of Angel-Magic that was once owned by the Lord God. What remained of God’s Power was the reason that ki’mera still retained such potent sources of positive magic sustenance and revitalisation. 
She still had not answered his questions of whether she was with child. Or whether she would marry him. But the answer to both questions would be negative. He should have realised by now that if she had fallen pregnant the child would’ve been born during that endless stretch of time they’d spent in that enchanted forest in the ancient past. Rayne was the last of the line of three men that were the hope and damnation of this world. If she gave birth to another of his line, there would surely be consequences. She had wanted a child, but it seemed fate wished for the line of Dragon-Sword to end. Her fears for what the child might become made her decide that she would take a tonic to reduce the chances of pregnancy the next time they made love. Though it seemed Rayne was leading them on a mission that was looking to be perilous if not completely suicidal. 
A Rohgorahl riding a savage black boar made it too close to their gathered party when she fired bolts of light from her bow. The first few strikes split the boar’s skull as the rider collapsed off to one side. As the immense goblin creature tried to stand, she fired again to shatter its skull in a bloody dark burst. 
Heroes and Children fired Lightning-Arrows of blazing might. Others launched pure blue lightning bolts from spears or tridents, shattering demon armour as flesh fried in sizzling heat: skeletons burning white through dark chests, thighs, and biceps. Skulls exploded on impact. Biceps and forearms ripped apart or legs torn off at the knee. The enemy roared with bloodlust and rage, surging forwards in tens of thousands. Bolt-Rain and Fire-Hail tearing down hundreds every flickering moment that the evening light flared intense burning blue.
As Rayne and his link formed a large Shield-Dome to surround them, Rayne also shouted the names of both Battle Angels. Many of the Children of Odin amongst them also had Battle Angels stored since their visit to Mount Asgardia. Rievenna amongst them. But they would conserve the strength of the other Angels while Odin and Tohka Reiden softened the demon ranks. 
She was saturated in the overwhelming bliss of the potion. It heightened her senses beyond normal wielding of Angel-Magic. Terael was coursing through her veins. Her blood was rivers of electric frost. She laughed at the peak of the sensation, feeling dizzy for a moment as the world spun. But the magic she wielded served as the anchor on a sea of chaotic ecstasy. Her skin tingled with vibrant warmth. Her breath seemed made of ice vapour. No!—her skin was layers of snowflakes and she breathed flame. Her Lightning-Arrows shattered the chest of another towering goblin. Shot another through both eyes, falling to its knees with burning sockets: skull exploding in a flare of dark splatter. Demon-Magic long-handled axes thudded against one another with a heavy metallic clang.

***
Rayne watched Odin and Tohka Reiden lighting up the sky with electric blue bolts, just as he heard the triumphant roar of Shienden swooping upon the demon battlefields. He turned to see the massive emerald beast approaching from the northeast. Rayne had been facing southwest, obliterating a score of Sengzlegions wielding burning scythes and scimitars. His attack was tendrils of burning light that tore through armour and flesh to leave the demons in piles of smoking husks, burnt limbs and charred bone.
He took a moment to watch as Shienden dived towards tens of thousands of Morhidrahl to shatter their ranks with Dragon-Flame burning brilliant blue. The flames hit ground: creating a conflagration of blue incineration that wiped out thousands of demons in seconds. The flames were a blanket of blazing blue heat. Fire gushed into the air over a hundred feet high or more along more than two miles of blistering magic energy.
The attack cleared a large space that still burned and protected Rayne and his people from the hundreds of thousands more demons massing on the eastern side. Then the great dragon was landing close by Rayne and his companions. Rayne watched as Lydia, Elmira, Terese and Janeanne were helped to dismount the dragon. 
Isabelle waited till last, his darling grandmother looking radiant as a Hero of Will. Emanating the Light of Aelfin Magic from the days of the Old Ways. She stood on the spine of the dragon. Aiming her bow at the demons charging from the east. She fired several shots of burning gold that tore through black goblins as if they were made of wet clay. Bodies burst and set to flame: yellow lava spiderwebbed through flesh to reduce bones to glowing ash.
Pendral was on his feet, to Rayne’s great relief. Tobin and Orion had their blades unsheathed, and another man was leaping from Shienden’s shoulders when a great shadow swooped upon the dragon. A terrible ferocious roar shattered his senses, resonating with pulsing evil essence. All Rayne saw was Isabelle staring skyward. Terror in her eyes.
The next moment the jaws of a great black beast surged downwards from the sky. Jaws of razor black teeth closed down around the top and back of Shienden’s skull. Rayne saw his darling grandmother vanish under the rolling bodies of both Shienden and another massive black Shadow Dragon! He cried out her name! A crushing pain filled his chest as his vision turned to water. Massive, webbed beating black batwings were all he saw. A fierce Minion of the Shadow.
Pendral and the former Immortal Kings were all unscathed as the two dragons rolled over one another. Filling the air with a deafening roar that sent tremors through the soil. Rayne had already ordered both Odin and Tohka Reiden to rescue Isabelle if it could be achieved. He could risk it himself, but both Angels were far better equipped for the task.
They were both there in an instant. Odin appeared at three times his normal size, as he planted a burning golden spear against the scaled hide of the black dragon. Heaving to lever the creature’s body high enough for Tohka Reiden, who emerged seconds later to hover in the sky. Rayne fell to his knees to see Isabelle’s broken and bloody form held in his arms. He had no hope that any Healing-Magic could save her. Her eyes stared glazed and fixed, unfocused. He screamed in outrage!

***
Orion watched with great relief when Shienden chomped down on the back of the Shadow Dragon’s skull, and part of the neck. Dragging the ebony scaled beast across the fields, evidently to get the enemy dragon away from Orion and his company. The two beasts created deep runnels in the earth as a rumbling vibration shook the ground.
Orion and Tobin had been ready to deal with the Shadow Dragon, though it would be a first for both of them. Yet he watched as the two creatures roared and chomped at one another, before the dark dragon beat its wings to quickly take to the skies. Shienden followed. Which gave them a moment to try to eliminate this demon threat.
Isabelle’s Bow blazed like bronze lightning as it flew towards Odin as if by magnetic force. A shoulder bag of an emerald metallic glow was slung across the Battle Angel’s back, where he placed the weapon in a flare of silver. What’s that about? he wondered.
Pendral and Rayne appeared out of the fight for the moment. Rayne on his knees and screaming in anguish. Pendral staring wide eyed in disbelief to see his dear mother bleeding and broken in the arms of the starlight-bearded Battle Angel. Tohka Reiden hovered towards Lydia and Elmira, but both women touched her for brief moments before shaking their heads. 
Elmira put a hand over Isabelle’s face to close her eyelids.
Orion did not know whether to urge these men to fight for them now, or to take time to mourn. But the need of the situation spurred him to shout, ‘We all lose those we love!’ Pendral stared with fury burning in those jet-black eyes. ‘Some sooner than others,’ Orion said. ‘We can do no more for her. But the battle still rages. I need both you and your son now more than ever! Will you join me?’ He pointed to the thick of the demon hordes with his golden blade. 
Pendral nodded, his focus clear once more.
‘Rayne!’ Pendral roared. ‘Get on your feet, boy! There are plenty more demons to slaughter.’

Chapter 17


The Deaths of Dragons

Pendral was first to leap through the Portal-Magic, landing a short distance south of the enemy lines. The giant demons still swarmed around the city walls, though the arrival of Pendral and his entourage brought the attention of many. Wolves the size of bison barked and drooled. Ravenous jaws gnashing and snapping as the creatures howled and snarled in defiance.
A horde of maybe a thousand broke off from the southern flanks, charging Pendral as his company were still leaping through the Portal-Spell. He struck with violent rage spilling over. His mother was taken from him again. He would feel that pain forever.
Bolt-Lightning filled the rumbling clouds. Beams burning bright blue lanced into the demon ranks. Blasting flesh and bone to blood and ashes. Incinerating the demonic wolf packs in pure aqua blazes. 
Morhidrahl were stunned by the blasts. Some turned to vapour and dust in an instant, though many escaped with singed smoking skin. Pendral’s Elemental Magic was beyond the scope of most of his kind. This was just a warmup.
He struck again. Earth-Light. A surging conflagration of electric charges flooded the battleground like springs of fire bursting from the soil. Taking form as Fire Serpents and Burning Dragons, the magic coursed with a life of its own, tunnelling through demon skulls, chests, and torsos. Dragons chomped down on skulls in bloody sprays. Serpents gorged on hearts and entrails as blazing heat stripped flesh from bone in flows of flickering Destruction-Magic.
He dropped Chaos-Charges behind the enemy lines. Attacking their ranks with aggressive tactics to break their numbers apart. Hundreds of spheres of pure Fire-Magic appeared in the sky, plummeting to earth to explode on impact. The fireballs were six feet in diameter, mostly sky blue with white heat at their core. The blasts sent out on impact were tendrils of Serpents and Dragons of surging electricity. Pixie Wardens and Aqua-Armoured Dwarves spread from the magic flows, blasting through chests and skulls. Hacking down demons at the knees, thighs and groin as these little Dwarves swarmed over their victims like a rising tide.
He drew his blade. Grinning. Preparing to do some real damage.

***
Rayne watched as his father took to the battlefield. His blood-red blade glimmered with wicked heat as he slashed through Rohgorahl and Morhidrahl with a speed and precision that outshone most immortals of this Age. Red light flared in arcs as the sword tore gaping wounds through knees, thighs, and lower abdomens. Demons fell around him as if Death himself had taken to the fields.
At the same moments that he charged head on into the enemy ranks, Pendral unleashed true Bolt-Rain, on an epic scale. The skies erupted with lightning and thunder to turn night into day. The rumbling roar was the voice of Gods Awoken. Bolts of intense blue-white heat lanced from the clouds like a forest of crackling fire.
Dragons and Serpents swirled around the blazing bolts in flares of fizzing ferocity. Bolts reducing wolf and rider to floating clouds of burning ash. Dragons and Serpents feasting on demon flesh in a chaotic frenzy, thousands of spears of lightning falling, flickering, furiously.
Rayne’s Aelfin feet carried him to his father’s side in a series of swift sprinting strides. Wielding the Sword of Valour, Rayne shouted the name, ‘Odin!’
If Pendral’s Bolt-Rain turned night into day, Odin’s Storm was enough to split the earth in two. Fierce, incredible forces swirled in the skies in a chaotic cataclysm of lightning and thunder. Fire-Magic and an Air-Vortex that formed a funnel wider than the city of Eromel. 
Odin hovered on blue wings high in the sky, before the outer edges of the swirling vortex. In his fist was the Odin Spear. Pure white flame almost blinding to behold. Odin would be only twelve feet tall at present, though the intense light that touched his cuirass, pauldrons, gauntlets, and boots was emanating raw Elemental Magic of the Fist of God. 
It seemed Pendral’s Bolt-Rain doubled in those few seconds that Rayne watched the skies. Demons all around Pendral and Rayne had been obliterated by bolts of incineration, giving him a moment’s respite to gaze skyward in wonder.
Odin pummelled the heart of the demon forces with torrents of golden thunderbolts. Jagged spears of light were hurled at the battleground so fast that even Rayne’s immortal sight had trouble keeping track. Each blast impacted the earth in vast rumbling eruptions. Domes of heat and light swelling and surging outwards to vaporize demons. Leaving only dust. Fried blood and bone. Flesh burnt to crust. 
The demon masses began to scatter and retreat from that region. A rumbling thunderous beat pounded the soil as hooves and wolf paws thudded left and right to escape Odin’s onslaught.
Those close enough to spot Rayne and Pendral standing alone found the courage to make another charge. Rayne hurled thunderbolts from his left palm, spiralling tendrils of blue magic reaching across the battlefield to tear limbs free in bloody bursts. Ripping off skulls. Chewing holes through armoured chests.
Pendral’s Charging Boar appeared on the field heading west amongst those enemy ranks. A half dozen of the giant blue wild boar pounded the earth with incredible speed. Tusks the size of dragon fangs gored wolves and their riders, striking with the might of Aelfin Ancient Magic. Demons were swept aside, trampled, or sent flying through the air in a bloody massacre. But things were just getting started.

***
Orion and Tobin, Lydia and Elmira were close behind Pendral and Rayne. Orion could not convince his wife to remain behind, and it was the same for Tobin with Lydia. Orion was glad to have his wife watching his back, but his stress over her safety was often a bane in smaller battles. Here he would be gritting his teeth till they crumbled into dust. 
They moved as a unit of four, sprinting across the battlefield to catch up with Pendral and Rayne on the front lines.
For now, Orion would lead the assault, while he allowed Tobin to try to keep watch over both women. At the same time, Elmira and Lydia would lend an assault of Fire-Magic to soften the demon ranks as Orion attempted to carve his way through.
Janeanne and Terese were further behind, surrounded by the Heroes and Children that would guard her body till death. The chances of any Heroes or Children becoming victims of possession demons was held off, for now, via their stores of the miracle potion. With clear minds, they would hold off any attackers while their bodies were still able. 
Orion surveyed the killing fields. Pendral’s Charging Boar had cleared the battlefield for some lengths along the front lines. But Wolf-Rider Morhidrahl were massing further out. Wielding spears, axes and sledgehammers of glistening gold, the demon forces hissed and growled with angst and guile. They were torn between their nature to fight and feed, and the cautious apprehension that was being forced into them by Rayne and Pendral’s aggressive onslaught.
He moved up alongside the two men known as Dragon-Sword. Orion unleashing scores of Golden Tigers that launched outwards from every golden thunderbolt that struck the demon ranks. These beasts were the size of Fire Lions, formed of sleek dark fur that glistened wet black. Tinged with ripples of burning golden stripes like fire branded shadows. Tigers leapt for Morhidrahl and Rohgorahl throats, biting off faces as they pushed the demons to the ground. Claws of burning steel shredding through the stone-tough skin and flesh of these ancient demons.
At the same moment, rows of Burning Archers appeared, rising out of the ground like a pale mist. These beings were not real ghosts, however, and they stood taller than any man. Orion guessed they were Rayne’s version of Highlander’s Golden Soldiers. Garbed in similar armour of burning aqua, these warriors wielded bows of light that fired torrents of Lightning-Arrows with blinding speed. Each bolt of fire that impacted with the skulls, chests or limbs of the enemy blasted flesh and bone in bloody black sprays. There were at least three dozen of the Archers, suggesting Rayne and Pendral had formed a link.
The next moment, Pendral summoned dozens of his own Jade Samurai. Standing at equal height to the Archers, these warriors wielded laser blades as they charged the fields. Hacking off limbs, planting swords through hearts and decapitating their victims in a vicious bloodbath. 
Between the two kinds of Elemental Warrior, the demon ranks were repeatedly blasted apart, or knocked off their feet by arrows of light before laser blades planted through their fallen chests and skulls. Tigers charged amongst the chaos. Gorging on blood and bone as the enemy began to holler in terror. Admitting defeat. Their attempts to retaliate were in vain. 

***
Hayley raged inside to see her husband so lost to her. She almost cried out in horror when he had unleashed his assault of arrows upon her. Not from his bow. These shafts of shadows appeared out of thin air, dozens launching towards her from either side of his pauldrons and above. Shields from her Battle Angels were barely enough to withstand the assault. She realised then that he was stronger than she had first assumed.
It broke her heart in two that he would fire arrows at her! She had once called him, ‘My Cupid.’ The fact that he would attack her at all, but with arrows of all things. He was truly lost!
Still, any opening she had to defeat him, she hesitated. Hoping above anything that he could be somehow saved. Yet his expression was void of emotions. She wondered if he wanted her to kill him. So at least he wouldn’t be responsible for her death.
They still fought in the skies, when a warp of Air-Magic revealed Shaye, Ellagon and Ragan. The three men had all gained the ability to fly, during their time possessed by Spirits of the Shadow. They all attacked at once. And she fled. Her Shield-Spheres barely protected her before a warp of dimensions brought her back to the west side of the River Ellenorin. A hundred miles south of Eromel, where her armies waited to hold back the demon advance. 
Enserah and Druantia had returned to her the moment that she escaped.
Serock was there when she returned. She was dripping a cold sweat when he stepped forward to greet her. In a way, the man had been left in command while Hayley scouted behind enemy lines. ‘I take it things did not go well, my Lady.’ There was no question to his tone. It was spoken matter of fact. 
‘You could’ve told me what I was up against!’ she snapped at him in a fierce temper. 
‘You met with your husband, then?’ Serock asked with a raised brow. For some reason unknown, the man had returned in the same body of the elderly white-haired immortal his soul had occupied over a thousand years ago. She didn’t know if she could trust him. So many had betrayed the faith she placed in them.
‘What are your orders, then, Lady err—?’ He’d moved on without waiting for her first answer, then stumbled over his last word as he realised it wasn’t the best time to use her married name.
‘Mijimha,’ Hayley corrected, ‘Lady Mijimha. Vampire Empress of the Mijimha Coven.’ Rumbling thunder echoed in the distance. She looked the former Vampireking squarely in the eye. ‘Now, tell me everything I need to know.’

***
Elmira watched with pride and awe as her husband wreaked havoc upon the demon army. He had taken the lead amongst Pendral and Rayne, Orion’s golden blade slicing Morhidrahl and Sengzlegions at the ankles, knees, and thighs. Dark blood splattering the earth as his form shifted like some Swordsmen-Wraith amongst the enemy ranks.
Pendral and Rayne followed in circling attack formations. Father and son also moving with immortal speed as the evil blade and Sword of Valour hacked through demon flesh in a flickering blur of motion and light.
Orion’s sword strokes released blasts of golden fires that charged upwards through the forms of his victims. Often, he would wield the blade two-handed, though other times his left-hand hurled bars of Elemental Magic at his enemies, or he smashed the earth with shuddering blows of teron. Chaotic charges of energy fused with the ground to spread wildly on impact. Even these incredibly tall breeds of goblins and demons were sent flying in the wake of those incinerating blasts. Bodies fell to their knees as golden light coursed through their flesh like smouldering charcoal. Heads exploded in bright blasts. Fires ate away flesh and bone, becoming ashes floating on the winds. 
Rayne and Pendral were guarded in an outer series of circles by the Burning Archers and Jade Samurai. Just as Orion was surrounded by those Golden Tigers that roared with bloodlust as they pushed enemies down to rip out their throats. Demons attempted to break those lines tirelessly, though it was all for naught. These men would not be touched as long they still drew breath. Not when up against anything they had faced thus far. 
Odin’s Storm of flickering blazing blue electric thunderbolts still plummeted from the skies for miles around. Striking the demon ranks by the hundreds every shuddering second that ticked by. Elmira wore a grand smile. That miracle potion was bringing them up to a level where they could not be matched. Perhaps not even by a link of Hex-Warlords.
Elmira felt the warm tingling buzzing sensation flowing through her skin and bones. Cool as frost against her skin. Lava flowing in her veins. Lightning in her bones. Harmony in her awakening soul. They were all experiencing it now. This much time wielding was bringing a second stage of vibrant sensory perceptions and spiritual awareness. It was electrifying. Incredible. Marvellous rejuvenation. Enough Elemental Magic flowed through their link to crack the moon. 
Orion, Elmira, Tobin, and Lydia held the link, though Orion had allowed Pendral and Rayne to join their Hero Chain. She was so ecstatic she felt she might spread eagle’s wings and take to the skies. Unleashing torrents of explosive headed Fireflies. Pixie Wardens filled her eyes. Illuminating the night as they flowed from her fingertips. Swarming projectiles to punch through chests, leaving gaping wounds of charred flesh and blood. Serpent shaped skulls exploding in cosmic flares, lightning ripping eyes from their sockets. Clanging against enchanted steel like magnetic rockets.
Janeanne was close now. Guarded by her entourage of Children of Odin and Heroes of Will, the young woman stared perplexed at the scene of carnage. ‘Do not be timid, my Darling Heart!’ Elmira cried. ‘Show these vermin the might of the Daughter of Adem Highlander and Jean Fairsythe. Smash them into oblivion!’ Janeanne smiled, warmly, but her expression was saddened. ‘Do you feel it, Mother?’ her daughter shouted. ‘Magic flooding your every cell and fibre. My body is on fire with it!’
‘Then use it, my Sweet Cherub! Show the Shadow that there is still Blood of Dragons to be reckoned with.’

***
Terese Sapphire-Sword stood beside Janeanne Highlander as she began to harness a massive surge of terael. It was like standing next to a small star that had suddenly exploded. Torrents of energy so pure and rich it was almost blinding to be in her presence. An aura surrounded her in warm yellows, flame orange, burning blue and vaporizing white light.
Golden Samurai stood around her and her bodyguards. Fourteen of the warriors standing almost as tall as the Morhidrahl. Demons were charging in on all sides, as Heroes and Children hit back with Lightning-Spears and Arrows, bolts of fire that lit up the night as they imploded demon skulls, tore off limbs and melted flesh and bone on impact. 
The Samurai wielded longswords of violet laser light, hacking down enemies with ferocity. Then the Wardens alternated to firing lasers in beams of emerald green. Blades, then lasers once more. They tripped and forced demons to the floor to blast through skulls with laser cannon beams: driving glowing blades through chests in congealed coruscation. Decapitating serpent skulled demons with beams of raging light. Splitting torsos in half. Rails of pure magic carving through flesh and bone like a rudder through rapids.
But that was not terael. It was Highlander’s manipulate matter thingy! When Janeanne truly opened herself to Angel-Magic a crack of thunder sounded like the roar of Odin’s Lions. Suddenly flames began to burst through the flesh of demons charging towards them close by. Flame simply, erupted, bursting outwards through their flesh like a Fire-Geist fighting to break free. Those closest were burnt to char by the magnificent blue lightning that coursed through their skeletons before they collapsed into blazes of ash. Then further out, dozens, then hundreds of demons began to simply explode with fire raging through their core. That was definitely the Daughter of the White Snow Fox! Admittedly she also radiated Adem’s strengths. The kind of girl you wanted on your side.
Terese was a pale shadow compared to the light of this one, though the Odin Storm and the potion were working their effects on her spirit. To bring about a state of being similar to when the Heroes had been bound to the Harp of Souls. Any demons that made it within range of her blade did not live to harm a single hair on this precious young woman’s head. Enough Angel-Magic flowed through her soul to halt charging Wolves and their Rider with the retaliating force of a battering ram. A ram wielded by a dozen full grown male Giants! 
Charging demons were halted as if striking a wall of Angel-Magic. Starlight blade burning white-hot; reducing flesh to smoking ashes in a flash of glimmering sparks. For some reason Terese had always seemed to revel at moments that were most dire. She grinned like a black feline as she planted the sword of light through the skull of a fallen demon. 
It was a good day to be back!

***
The plan was working so far. Orion spearheaded the attack formation, slaughtering thousands with the aid of Pendral and Rayne. The result was that they had gained the attention of a vast portion of the demon hordes. As Orion continued to plough through enemy lines, the Wolf Rider Morhidrahl and Rohgorahl began to fan out and spread around their small circles of defenders like flowing waters parted by a persistent boulder. 
Tobin wished to be up there in the thick of it with his oldest friend. But Orion would skin him alive if Elmira were harmed while Tobin was stationed as her bodyguard. He would not want to risk his wife up there where Orion led the attack either. These were no everyday demons. Tobin had never before seen such creatures as this. Only had he ever read about them in books and seen sketches and paintings, tapestries and artworks on ancient vases, pots, and the like.
How could so many be passing through the Rift?
And why all of a sudden?
He would not find the answers here and now. But it was a matter that left him completely confounded. 
He took a moment to gaze at the dark skies where hundreds of blue bolts still lit up the night in a flickering haze. Tohka Reiden could be seen hopping across clouds of silver light. Hurling thunderbolts of blazing might in brilliant gold. Jagged Flame-Spears thrown in a frenzy to blast the demon fields to piles of incinerated blood, bones, and ashes. 
Odin hovered above a fluffy blanket of moonlit clouds that pulsed and flared with his own Odin Storm. Odin Wings illuminated like some great blue bird of prey. The Lightning-Lord pummelled the enemy ranks with beams of golden magnificence blasted from his Odin Spear.
Demons were being torn to shreds by the Chaos-Magic of Aesir and Aelfin bloodlines—
Suddenly Portal-Spells were opening all around them. Tobin looked left and right to see thousands of Forsaken warriors leaping through hundreds of glowing rifts in the air, shimmering light, and colours where immortal and half-blood warriors flowed forth like a dark flood!
Tobin was immediately on his guard. He doubted these men and women would be friendly. Not after their escape from Tarz.
He wasn’t wrong in his suspicions either. Many of those warriors carried Blockers, those shields of coloured metals that prevented any chance of escape through Portal-Spells of their own.
The small company of defenders gathered their circle into tighter ranks. Tobin saw that Orion was still in a frenzied killing spree against a horde of Morhidrahl wielding all manner of weaponry. Blasts of brilliant golden fire exploded outwards in sheets, ripples, tendrils, and waves as the true Torvellen King pounded the earth with shuddering impact—
Then suddenly a fierce roar was heard overhead, as a great shadow swooped upon the battlefield! The Shadow Dragon landed on a score of armoured goblins to crush them under its weight. At the same moment that the creature crash landed, its right claw smashed down on top of Orion! His Brother would be wielding a sufficient Shield-Sphere to deflect against these lesser demons, but for the instant that Orion vanished under the great, black-scaled dragon fist, Tobin truly believed it was the end of Orion Demon-Slayer.
Yet a heartbeat after that ominous claw covered Orion’s crumpled form, the dragon recoiled as if stung! There stood Orion on legs that trembled. Though his back was straight as the sword of his lineage glowed bright golden. Stained black and dripping dragon blood. It was said that the very centre of a dragon’s palm is the only soft part of its entire body. It looked as if Orion had met the mark, as the dragon roared, only now realising that swords were sharp.
Orion planted Tigerclaw in the earth as a fierce wave of yellow energies coruscated upwards into a conflagration that swept across the neck of the Dragon, becoming a Golden Tiger almost equal in size. The Tiger chomped down on the dragon’s neck behind the skull, forcing the dragon’s jaw to the ground in a thunderous rumble. 
Elmira screamed her husband’s name. But Tobin would not let her go near. He Shield-Trapped both women and looked on with horror as the dragon shook itself free. The Tiger was knocked sprawling onto its backside when the Dragon raised its snout to—No!—Suddenly black flame spewed forth from its jaws to vanquish Orion, son of Kohdin. The flames gushed out on all sides, smothering demons and Forsaken alike to vaporize bodies into smoking sulphurous char.
A shield by Odin and Tohka Reiden was the only thing that had saved Pendral and Rayne. The heat of the violent black flames was so intense, even at the distance that Tobin stood protected by Shield-Spells amongst the defenders, that baking in an oven would be preferable. He could feel the skin flaying across his face and neck. His armour felt hot enough to melt. 
It had all occurred so fast! Even Rayne and Pendral had been helpless to rush to Orion’s aid before the end. They were distracted by a Rohn‘Kahli—a towering lion headed Troll, eighteen feet tall—that had stormed the battlefield, appearing, seemingly, out of nowhere! The Troll had also crash landed amongst a demon horde. Raven black wings spread wide as the beast roared with a ferocity to make Kings buckle. Rayne and Pendral were dodging the falling axe blade the size of a hut. Planted in the earth from the Demon Lion’s swift swipes. Sending back thunderbolts that stunned and dazed the creature as they sprinted from its sight. Odin thudded his boots onto the demon’s shoulders. Odin Spear firmly planted three feet deep within its skull before the body began to erupt in flames.
Orion’s sword was all that remained. Landing blade down in the earth close to where the man had been standing. Then the weapon glowed magma bright, as it was swept up on the winds to be clutched by Odin as if his hands were magnetic. 
Tobin felt that his heart was being gnawed by a ravenous rat the size of a goat!
Elmira was on her knees, screaming in anguish and terror. Lydia rushed to her side, helping her stand as the entire force of Forsaken and defenders began to retreat in unison from the savage beast. ‘Orion!’ No! Tears stung his eyes full and wet. ‘My Brother!’ for Eternity! It cannot be! He saw his friend’s face in his mind. When they first met as younglings. No older than four or five years old. Back then, Orion always said Tobin was the brave one. ‘Orion! No!’ NOOOOOOOOO! Tobin’s roar was the rage of a Fire Lion Awakening.

***
As Janeanne turned to flee, with her Mother, Lydia, and Tobin by her side, she saw the reason the Shadow Dragon had escaped the confrontation with Shienden. The great emerald beast known as Dragon-Sword crash landed several hundred feet southwest of their position. Shienden was looking the worse for wear to say the least! Raising his massive, scaled snout, the dragon coughed up a huge spurt of dark blood that saturated the soil. He was bleeding all over. She noticed that even one eye had been chewed out!
He must’ve been shielding his pain from her thoughts. He would not have wanted it to affect her cunning during the battle. Her chest ached to see that beloved creature so close to death. Though the pain of losing the man that had raised her since she was a child, was a curse upon her soul that ripped out her beating heart in a ghastly bloody spray.
She was not sure how she was able to stay standing. Or how her legs were moving all on their own. Her mind was numb. But the pain that filled her was dealing her shockwaves of emotion that threatened to tear her apart. 
A flood of tears filled her vision. She cried out her father’s name. ‘Orion! Father!’
Tobin was at her side, sweeping her up in his arms as Lydia and Elmira began to match his pace side by side, Aelfin feet sprinting in terror from that Shadow Dragon and its nightmare Dragon-Flame.
Janeanne closed her eyes and wept. Holding tight to the man she had thought of as her uncle since that day she first left her true parents. Does it have to be this way? It seemed she was going to lose everyone in one day.


Chapter 18


Heroes of Legend

The city of Valmeron was in high spirits this Spring’s Eve. It was the first day of the new season, a day of feasting and celebration from old traditions. Nearly the entire week was set aside for the festivities that would follow the kick-off this evening. Also known as Cerrydwion’s Harvest Festival, in honour of some ancient God that Rayne knew very little else about. It was the first day that pushed back the harshness of Winter’s Chill. Soon crops would be planted, after the soil was tilled. Fresh juicy red apples would blossom in the orchards, and oranges, peaches, and plums. Rayne loved apples. When he could get any. 
Raised from the orphanage on Bell Maker’s Lane, Rayne was adopted by the Widow Mel Baneless at age four. His memories before that time were hazy, though he remembered the Old Vicar at the Saint Joseph’s Orphanage. A wizened old man with kind blue eyes and frizzy grey hair around his ears. Father McConnell. He had taught Rayne his numbers and letters from an early age.
Most of today Rayne had been busy about the kitchens of Valmeron preparing for the Great Feast of the Harvest Moon. It marked the first day of the new season. A day when Holly sprigs were hung above doorways throughout the Kingdom. This was in line with the Christian holiday of Christ’s birth. Christmas Trees and Wreaths of the Holy Trinity were also put up a week before today in most houses throughout the city.
The Tree was to celebrate the birth of the Saviour. Though the Wreaths of the Trinity were to guard against the chance that Old Lucifer would happen by and poke his nose under your front door! That’s what the stories said anyway. Lot of nonsense was what Rayne thought about that.
He checked the sundial as he crossed through the Royal Courtyard that overlooked the King’s Stables. He was delivering a message for the kitchen staff to the stableboys to be on the alert for a particular pair of guests arriving any moment. They were cousins of the King. Duke Wellington and his younger brother Prince Alfred. The pair were said to be carrying precious cargo that was needed to be delivered to the kitchens for special arrangements concerning the feast. That was about the gist of it as far as anything had been explained to Rayne. It was all detailed in a letter to be delivered to the Stable Master, Sam Wilkins. 
When Rayne arrived at the King’s Stable, he found his dear old pal Shaye sweeping the floors and putting fresh apples in the water for the newly arriving horses. Shaye was the same age as Rayne, exactly the same age! Also raised in the orphanage, Shaye was a very wise chap, especially with letters and numbers, but also music. They had received sufficient tutoring by the Castle Wizard, Old Farromier Enzeikel, in all aspects of the finer arts. Music, poetry, literature, fine art painting, ceramic designs and an assortment of other arts and crafts. The King expected his pupils to be learned. Not ignorant of the finer things in life. Rayne was more of a visual artist. Music was always too puzzling to suit his skills. He was even a connoisseur of fine wines by age eleven. Not that he’d ever actually even tasted wine until his sixteenth birthday party. But knowing what to serve with each meal for the Royal Palace was all part of his trade. Or Slavery with a Chance of a Penny in your Pocket at the End of Month, as he preferred to call it.
Anyway, when Rayne entered the stable, he noticed that Shaye kept glancing up at a pair of fine horses that poked their heads out over the doors of their stalls. Shaye was glancing, no, squinting, as if he were unsure of what he was looking at.
When Rayne really set eyes on the glossy white mare and tall silken-dark stallion, he realised these were horses not like others he had ever seen before. 
Shaye waved to Rayne, urging him to come closer to inspect the fine animals.
‘Can you believe it?’ Shaye almost squeaked in awe. ‘Altherin breed!
‘Altherin?’ Rayne asked, taking another good look at the pair. ‘You mean, they’re immortal horses?’
‘That’s what I’m sayin’,’ Shaye replied. ‘Never seen a true altherin before, has ya?’ 
‘Mind your pronunciations, Shaye,’ Rayne corrected. ‘You know Sam’ll give ye a strappin’ if a’ye aint sayin’ yer’ ‘urds ‘ight!’
They looked at each other and giggled. 
‘Sorry, Rayne,’ Shaye said in a very formal tone. ‘My humblest apologies, I meant, of course, that you are as of yet unacquainted with these finest of the equine breed.’
In truth, Shaye’s use of upper-class language and etiquette far surpassed Rayne’s own. But being a stable boy meant a lot of slang and cuss words rubbed off on a lad.
‘Oh, Hell’s Bells, I nearly forgot,’ Shaye said in a rush, ‘Clarice wanted you to know she’ll be late for her shift this evening. Wanted you to fill in for her until she finishes helping out err,’ he paused. ‘Ahem, I meant she wondered if it would be at all convenient for you to carry out her role as waitstaff for the buttery, while she administers palliative care to her dear aged grandmama?’
Rayne’s jaw must’ve hit the floor. ‘But that’s the business of royal blood! I couldn’t possibly.’
‘Nonsense,’ was Shaye’s retort with a snort. ‘That’s what we’ve been trained up for, don’t you know, old boy. You’ve got all the class and mannerisms of true breeding about you. Look them in the eye only if … well, if it’s the King don’t look him in the eye. And don’t glance at his daughter’s bosom. Ever! That’ll get you castrated for certain.’
‘Oh, Bollocks of the Great Lord Un-Holy!’ Rayne hollered. ‘Clarice is subject to the King himself at Royal Banquets. How could I ever pull it off?’
‘Just play the part, old boy. Piece of cake.’ He paused again. ‘Speaking of which, I hear that Princess Victoria will be attending the banquet this evening. Did I forget to mention it? They’ve just arrived by Royal Coach. With an entourage of about a thousand Knights in Shining Tinsel and all that. Daughter of the Duke in case you’ve forgotten.’
‘I haven’t forgotten, about her,’ Rayne replied. ‘I’m here to deliver Old Sammy a letter concerning a “special delivery” arriving with the Duke’s men.’
‘What more can you tell me about it?’ Shaye asked intrigued. ‘Can I see the letter?’
‘It’s sealed, Shaye. I don’t think Sam would take kindly to either of us breaking a Royal Seal.’ Rayne held the letter out of his friend’s reach. ‘Who do the altherin belong to, by the by? Immortals?’
‘I won’t tell a word until I get a peek at the letter,’ Shaye said with a sly grin. 
‘Forget it!’
‘Okay, yes, alright, they’re both immortals. Looked like husband and wife to me. Either that or Ael Tarael and her Aldebrand. The woman was stunning, a beauty hard to find in any corner of the world. Not that I get out that much.’ He seemed to shiver a moment. ‘The man, the Immortal, gave me a chill. Something about him, a kind of wrongness about his presence. Still, he was very … commanding. Seemed to me someone who was used to giving orders.’
‘Most Immortal Aldebrands are.’
‘Not like this one,’ Shaye assured him. ‘This one, was different. He meant business.’
‘Names?’
‘Didn’t give me their names. Not like I’d forget those faces around here, anyway.’
‘Did you see a signet ring? A brooch of any particular House? House colours? Anything?’
‘They both wore fine clothing, but neither was adorned with any House sigil. However,’ at this pause Rayne asked with bated breath, ‘Yes, well, what?’
‘The Big One, his sword hilt and pommel, looked like a … Golden Tiger?’
‘No idea,’ Rayne replied. ‘Great, I guess we’ll never know!’

***
‘So, what are the horses’ names, then?’ Rayne asked. Shaye was about to reply that he wasn’t given their names either, when a soft scraping voice began from a stall further down the line. 
‘The mare’s name is Silverlight. The stallion is called Mooncloud.’ Shaye knew a man had been sweeping the stall out there, but when the man spoke, Rayne said, ‘That voice … I can’t quite place it.’
Shaye was already down on his knees, grasping Rayne by the sleeve, who stood looking in the man’s direction as he stepped out of the stall in plain brown coat and trousers. A workman’s uniform, but he was no stableman. Rayne seemed to realise the moment that Shaye was on his knees with head bowed to say, ‘Your Majesty, forgive me.’ 
Rayne was on his knees a second later, probably damaging his knees. He hit the floor that hard. His voice echoed Shaye’s own, as the King of Valmeron walked towards them with a straight back, broom handle held across his chest like a war spear. King Lindren Grey-Eyes had a piercing gaze the colour of storm clouds about to burst with thunder and lightning. That was how they always looked, but Shaye would never openly gaze at his face, especially after the way he and Rayne had been talking.
If Shaye had paid more attention to the man’s boots, he might have picked it, they were not fancy, but they were fine leather, soft, and crafted by an expert cobbler. They were probably only finished a few hours ago, and they would’ve taken a month to craft and be worth more than Shaye was paid in two years. 
‘Forgive my words, Your Royal Highness,’ Shaye offered again. The King chuckled before setting the broomstick leaning against a nearby stall. He wore a soft floppy cap across his nearly white hair, straight and short cut, with a neat close-cropped grey-black beard and moustache.
‘Think nothing of it, Shaye son of Marion,’ the King replied in that dry tone. He glanced down at Rayne to remark, ‘Colourful words from you, young Rayne. “The Great Lord’s Un-Holy Bollocks.” Very witty. May I borrow that to use in Court from time to time.’
‘It’s yours, Your Majesty,’ Shaye could hear the groan in Rayne’s tone.
‘Stand, do not bow and scrape on your knees. You are not boys, anymore. You are men. In fact, I believe today is your birthdays. How old are you now, seventeen?’
‘Eighteen, Your Grace,’ Rayne offered, as they came to their feet. Shaye offered a salute with fist to chest, as they both did their best to straighten their spines. ‘Though, it is just another day, really,’ Rayne continued.
‘How fast the time flies,’ Lindren replied. ‘Celebrations of your birth must have always been overshadowed by the Harvest Festival.’
‘We love the Festival, my King,’ Shaye put in, in earnest. ‘It is no bother to either of us.’ He shot Rayne a sidewards warning glare to watch his tongue.
‘Sounds as if there is some history between you and my cousin’s daughter,’ Lindren went on, addressing Rayne. ‘Glad to know you don’t have eyes for my own little girl. That would get you castrated.’
‘Yes, Your Majesty,’ Rayne was holding back tears now. The King chuckled again.
‘I merely jest, young Rayne the Baneless. But you mustn’t make jokes about poor Old Stablemaster Sammy. He has not had the benefit of a nobleman’s education. You two were lucky to be granted such an honour.’
They both stammered in unison, ‘Yes, Your Grace!’ 
‘I look forward to seeing you at the Feast tonight, Rayne. You will do well, as always.’ 
He turned to leave when he paused to look back over his shoulder. ‘And Shaye, if I ever hear you speak of my daughter’s bosom, or backside, or any other of her precious parts, I will have to remove your tongue.’
‘I hear your words of compassion, my King.’ Shaye thought he might faint from the way the stable floor and walls began to tilt. ‘I humbly beg your forgiveness.’
The King was then on his way, and as he passed one of the thick wooden supports along the stone wall, one of his Aldebrands stepped out into view. Shaye had missed them too. They must’ve all arrived while he was busy mucking out one of the stalls. It was the tall, dark haired Rukon Jenshiva. 
‘I’ve heard he does that from time to time,’ Shaye said under his breath. ‘Dresses as a commoner and works amongst the people, to learn what they say and how they think.’
Rayne hardly seemed to have noticed, as he stared into space saying, ‘What right do I have to serve at a Royal Banquet? I’m of no noble birthright. I’m not even a bastard!’
‘I beg to differ,’ came the voice of another of Lindren’s bodyguards. ‘I’ve always thought of you as quite the bastard.’ Shaye turned to see the other Aldebrand step into the lamplight, removing the dark hood of those damned Aldebrand cloaks that drank in shadows to make them almost invisible to the untrained eye. Hax Callifrax was young and slender, and people feared him like they feared the plague. Rayne froze and then looked over his shoulder to see the slightly older man step forward and clasp him by the shoulder. ‘Just larks, old chap.’ Hax smiled in a charming way. When he wasn’t deadly serious, he did have a decent sense of humour. ‘But seriously, Rayne, good luck with the Princess.’
Rayne sighed, then groaned. He didn’t take it well when people knew which young- woman he had his eye on. Being the fact that this one was nobility, would put him in an awkward position socially about the Kingdom.
‘I have to head back to the scullery,’ Rayne said, holding the still sealed letter under Shaye’s nose. ‘Can I trust you with this?’
‘I won’t lie to you, Rayne. I will probably read the entire thing till I know it three times backwards, the minute you’re out the door.’ He gave his old pal his best smile, knowing his eyes would be full of mirth. 
‘I haven’t got time to argue,’ Rayne said. ‘Make sure Old Sam gets it the moment he returns.’
‘On that,’ Shaye replied, ‘you have my solemn vow.’

*** 
Adem and Carl landed somewhere in the forested regions southwest of the city of Akior. Their journey through time via Jean’s now enchanted wedding ring and Angel-Magics of the Arkendriel, had brought them to the future, no doubt, but they were as of yet unsure when exactly.
Surprisingly, Pendral had not appeared via Portal-Magic for the first few hours of their travels. For some reason they were unable to form a Portal-Spell, so they trudged onwards on foot through sludgy earth and sticky heat.
It was early summer, and although the forest kept out most of the sunlight, the air was humid, and moisture dripped from their pores. They slapped at mosquitoes seeking their feast. When Pendral did arrive, it was not by Portal-Magic. His son had flown the distance from the city of Valmeron. Though Pendral had no answer as to why the Portal-Spells would not open. Apparently, it had started about three weeks before. 
Angel-Magic was still available, never out of reach for those that were trained. But Portal-Spells were impossible to create. It was perplexing to say the least. And at a most inconvenient time and place. There were more than a few mother bears watching over their cubs in these woods. Finding a path around them was making the journey even longer.
Adem could use his Odin Wings to carry Carl a short distance, though they hadn’t bothered with that idea yet as it would be draining to Adem’s stamina and ki’mera levels.
‘Mother will be so happy to see you again,’ Pendral simply beamed with joy. 
Carl snickered. 
Adem groaned. ‘It was not so long ago that I last saw her,’ he admitted. ‘At least from my perspective.’
‘Ah, but she has waited long on your return, Father, as have I.’ They shared an embrace. Pendral then looked about ready to hug Carl. His friend offered a nervous handshake.
‘So, you have only just passed through the time gateways? Since leaving me at the Arkendriel?’ Pendral asked with a confounded expression.
‘Only a few seconds seemed to pass by in between,’ Adem said. ‘I see your whiskers are getting a hint of grey, son.’
‘It should not be this way,’ Pendral replied, ‘but I have been the oldest a lot longer, Father. It has been hundreds of years since I last looked upon you.’ He shrugged his shoulders. ‘Should we get out of here?’
‘What would you suggest?’ Adem asked.
Pendral looked confused. ‘Hasn’t he already been communicating with you?’
It was then that Adem realised what that strange little sensation was in the back of his mind. Like candlelight wrapped in folds of space without stars. Shienden was trying to make contact, and the dragon was only a few miles out from here. 
Their journey through time had been a little disorienting. Over the last few hours while considering their options the fact that Shienden was still alive somewhere in this timeline had not occurred to him until now.
Already knowing the answer, Adem asked Pendral, ‘What has been keeping your attention at Valmeron I wonder?’
Pendral almost blushed with modesty before he grinned widely. ‘Yes, Father, I have met my one true love.’  
‘Tell me about her?’
‘Her name is Kassira Grey-Cloud. A powerful Ael Tarael, and the most beautiful woman I ever met. Except for Mother, of course. Her voice is soft and unassuming. Her eyes like aqua pools under starlight. Long golden hair that is almost pure white. You will adore her, Father.’
Adem felt a sting of regret as he asked, ‘Are you to be married?’
‘We were already wed in the palace chapel seven days ago, Father. I’m so sorry you could not be there. We haven’t told anyone other than Mother yet, but Kassira, she is with child.’
Adem smiled and threw his arms around his son once again. His face contorted with pain to consider that the loss of his son’s beloved may have been the first real tipping point for Pendral on his path to becoming Koriken Demonfist.


***
The kitchens of Valmeron were buzzing with energy this evening. Cooks, bakers, pastry chefs, chocolatiers, were busily preparing the feast for tonight’s celebrations. Bright smiles and warm-hearted, they lived to please their king and his court. Whole hogs, lamb, turkey, chickens, and ducks were turning on spits, juices dripping into the flames that spat and crackled. Breads were baking, hot fruit pies, cakes, cookies, and various other baked desserts were amongst the sights and scents that filled the spacious kitchen areas.
Rayne was more than nervous, after being dressed in the finest of livery, looking very-much the part, for his role as servant at the Royal Banquet. A sheen of sweat covered his brow that had nothing to do with passing by the spits and ovens. He was terrified of making a mistake during the service. He ran through the rules of etiquette three times while waiting for the bread bowls to be filled, with ramakins of soft butter, salt, and pepper shakers on the same silver service trays.
He had tried blending in amongst the young nobility in the buttery. They were amongst the less experienced who were placed there to learn the layout of the larder. Fetching specially requested bottles of wine, condiments, and anything else that was missing or required. It wasn’t long before the head chef was pulling him by the ear to be up front in preparation to serve. Tarryn McClorey was well aware he was to be servant to the king. ‘Now, young Master Rayne, you shouldn’t worry none. You’ll do fine so long as you remember to bow and pour at the appropriate cues, and keep yer eyes lowered, laddie.’ He was lucky she hadn’t sent him to be whipped for being insubordinate. He knew there was no excuse for ducking such responsibility, it was just too much for him to handle.
He was making his way through the servants’ hallways, with a tray in each hand and a third held between his right wrist and elbow, when the urge to relieve himself suddenly came on so strong he nearly wet his pants. He stepped aside from the lines of the other young nobles when the first in line asked what he was about. He explained that he would need to use the lavatory before service. He asked that she serve the king the breads in his stead. The dark- haired beauty did not look at all pleased, though she gave orders for a runner to fetch fresh trays of bread and butter for the king and queen, and Rayne made a hasty side exit as he scampered for the nearest place to piss. 
He realised he’d made a wrong turn somewhere, vaguely recalling that he had taken a sedative potion earlier in the evening, prepared for him by the Court Druid. They were good friends, so he knew the man would not deliberately put him in a bad situation, but Rayne was now sure his sudden state of dehydration and cloudy state of mind were both linked to having sipped at whatever the old man had put in that vial. 
He found himself in the Royal Guest Quarters, somehow, fumbling in his pocket for the skeleton key that opened all doors to the larder, cellars—he was one of the only servants with such a key, as part of his duties this evening to serve the king—as well as other doors that he hoped included one of these. He was desperate when he tried a nearby door! The lock clicked, opening to a darkened sleeping chamber, except for the light of hot coals on the open fire. He dashed inside, moving to the bed to check for a bedpan beneath. There was one; but judging by the weight and sploshing sounds it made, it had already been used. He slid it back while holding his breath. His eyes adjusting to the darkened room found a fine porcelain vase of blue and white standing atop the hearth. He snatched it down and placed it on the floor, taking aim as he sighed with relief to the sound of tinkling waters.
‘Who’s that then?’ came a croaky voice from the middle of the room. At first Rayne had been horrified that the room was still occupied, but his improved vision made out the fact that the bed was made and empty. ‘Making a tinkle, is it?’ the voice asked again. Followed by a throaty chuckle.
‘He can help us, can it?’ came a second voice. This one was noticeably different, but he was soon almost certain the owners of both voices were in no way human. ‘Is it he, Krommet?’ 
There came that curious chuckle again, before the first speaker replied, ‘Yes, I sense that he is the one. Listen dear friend, listen to my words with extra care. You believe you are an orphan, and a man of no lineage or import in this world. But I know the truth of your soul, it shines to me now like a beacon. I knew your father, your true flesh and blood birth parent.’ Rayne’s stream had diminished to a dribble, though he stood in the darkness, listening with intrigue and stunned wonder. ‘Listen to me, boy. I speak the truth! Your father was a great man. I will not speak of his name here and now, but I will tell the tale, if you will but set me free.’
Rayne now wore a knowing grin, buttoning up his trousers he replied, ‘I suppose you are innocent of whatever crimes you are accused of? And you will provide me this precious knowledge if I but let you go and tell no one.’
‘Things are not so simple as this, young man. There are those that will be hunting you, even now on the streets I see shadowy figures that seek your blood. You are not just a simple heir to House and fortune, my boy. You are perhaps the only man left alive who can save this world from Eternal Damnation.’
Rayne made out the source of the voices. Two ornate and gilded chests sat on the floor at the end of the bed, connected to polearms for being carried by a man up front and one behind, similar to a sedan chair. Perhaps two men at each end by the look of the weight of each chest. One was perhaps red with golden edges, the other dark blue and gold. ‘I’m listening,’ he replied, while wondering why the door had not been guarded.
‘Good, listen to me, Rayne, and listen well.’ Rayne then felt a cold chill up his spine, wondering how this little creature could have known his name. ‘When I said your father was great, I meant great in Angel-Magic. He was an Alit’aren of the like that has never been seen before, and other than through you it may never be known again.’ 
‘I suppose you know just where my father is right this moment?’ Rayne asked. ‘You can even lead me to him if I request it?’
‘I will not speak of it further, here and now, boy. Know that you must trust my words and set me free.’
‘And me!’ Squeaked the other voice.
‘NO!’ Krommet bellowed. ‘Not him. He is a demon trickster. He will only cause us trouble.’
‘But what of our deal?’ the demon asked Krommet. ‘You promised me the boy would set us both free. Then I would help both of you to escape.’
‘I do not trust you, Halgahir! You are a creation of the Shadow!’
Rayne used his voice to create a break between their bickering. ‘Wait a minute! If he’s a demon, what are you?’
‘I am a Kjia’hyenti,’ Krommet replied in earnest. ‘A Leaf Aldebrand as we are better known. I have seen many things of your past and future. I know that if you do not help me to escape at the banquet this evening, you will not live to see the dawn.’ A crack of thunder filled the air surrounding the castle.
‘And me too, Lord Rayne!’ Halgahir begged. ‘I know ways to hide you, keep you from your enemies. I can even move you from one place to another in a single leap. It is similar to the Portals your magicians and sorceresses use, though mine is an older magic.’
‘Does he speak the truth?’ Rayne asked Krommet.
‘Unfortunately, it is so,’ the Leaf Aldebrand replied with a groan. ‘I have just now seen that we will need to bring Halgahir along with us. My power is more attuned to defeating demons and other forms of magic spells. This little Dream Nymloc has the ability to help us escape, just as he says he does.’
‘Then why not just make a Portal now, and escape?’ Rayne asked dubiously. 
‘Use your common sense, boy!’ Krommet snapped. ‘Our powers are restricted by these enchanted vessels. The lock and key are of no import to us, merely symbolic of the true magic that holds us within. There is a powerful ward over both of these chests. To break the wards, you must locate the Court Magician of the Duke. The man is tall and thin, his skin weathered like parchment with fluffy long moustaches and a fan of black beard tinged with grey. He is bald as an eggshell with cruel hard eyes like black stone. Do you know him?’
‘I saw him arrive amongst the other guests entering for tonight’s banquet,’ Rayne replied. In truth Rayne had even met the man during a visit to the King’s Druid, Joromel Tusk. ‘Why did he imprison you both?’
‘Do you not know about the war between my people and the mortals?’ Krommet asked.
‘I know a little,’ Rayne replied.
‘Know this, the man’s reasons for keeping us imprisoned are against all laws and treaties that have ever stood between Man, Elf and Kjia’hyenti. Tonight, he would simply have me perform a blessing over the food for the banquet. It would be an enchantment that would delight your king, putting his cousin in good stead with his ruler. But the Duke’s Magician is in fact a Shadowsouled. He has devious plans for Halgahir and me that would put your king and his family in great danger also.’
The Duke’s Magician Rorghan Rhast had seemed hard and perhaps a little cruel when Rayne first met him over a year ago, though he had met him in the company of a mutual friend. Could these little creatures be telling the truth?
‘So, my life is in danger unless I let you go,’ Rayne said slowly. ‘And my king’s life and the lives of his family are also in danger unless I set you free. You know how to talk your way out of a pickle don’t you. Why didn’t you try this one on old Rorghan himself?’
‘Rorghan is a traitor to the crown and a Servant of the Shadow, boy! Heed my words while there is still time! Consider this, how did I know your name if I am not who I claim to be?’
Rayne couldn’t answer that one, and suddenly he began to think that perhaps it was all truth. ‘What do I have to do to set you free?’
 ‘Yes, Lord Rayne,’ Halgahir crooned with glee. ‘Listen to us, you must do as Krommet say.’
 ‘Yes, dear boy!’ Krommet replied, followed by a chuckle of delight. ‘Don’t you see it is the only way?’

***
Elmira Golden-Braid, former Queen of the Torvellen, sat reclining casually in her deep, high-backed chair. Warm red velvet cushioning plush against her spine and shoulders. Her chair had padded armrests and was suitable for the highest of nobility at such a feast. It was rare to experience such opportunities that so painfully reminded her of what it was once like to be filthy rich. She fought down the instinctual urge to chew her fingernails. Something she often did when thinking of past regrets.
Her outfit was not exactly high-nobility fashion, a plain blue silk gown with white lace across the bodice and layered upon the wide hanging sleeves. Her cloak was not silk however, just a clean white wool, immaculately clean despite many days in the saddle. She had cleaned it with strands of Earth-and-Air-Magic to brush it free of dust and dirt.
‘You look troubled,’ her husband whispered. She glared at him with a nervous grin. He was still so perceptive. Age had not dulled the man’s wits. Her ears would be the only ones to even detect his voice above the waves of sounds from the merriment of mostly mortals, shouts, laughter, excitable conversations. As well as musicians and singers orchestrating a blissful harmony that danced through the air like Fairy Spirits of Sound. 
‘I was just deep in thought,’ she replied. ‘Thinking of the past.’ He frowned at that, he would guess what troubled her, or near enough. Dressed in Alit’aren black coat and trousers, his Aldebrand cloak was layered across the back of the chair behind him, carving a thick shadow across the wood that drank in light. Candelabras and lanterns lit up the dining hall in burning bright amber, warm oranges, and sharp crimson. There was a lot more silver in his beard and moustache than there had been during his reign as Torvellen King. That was over five-hundred years ago now. The man was nearing his second millennium. How much longer would he last?
Elmira was much younger. It was not something her people often talked about, and women especially, but her fears that she may outlive him were often exacerbated when Orion and Tobin would sit on the porch smoking those ghastly pipes of theirs. Tobacco had killed many an Immortal during her upbringing. For a time, it was very popular, before they began to link the smoking with the failing health and eventually deaths. ‘What is it now?’ he asked with concern. ‘Oh nothing,’ she replied, then hesitated a moment before adding, ‘But you did promise you’d give up that bloody pipe of yours.’
‘I haven’t had a puff the entire journey,’ he replied.
‘Yes, well that’s my point. If you can go so long without it, why do you start again after you’ve stopped?’
‘Well I never!’ He wasn’t looking at her when he spoke those words, and she should have guessed he was no longer addressing her. His emotions were aflame! She followed his line of sight to land smack bang on the biggest surprise she could have ever hoped for other than triplets!
‘Is that who I think it is?’ Elmira’s soul lit up as if it were a dry field struck by Lightning hurled by the Fist of God.
‘I think it must be,’ Orion sounded stunned. His expression was mixed bewilderment and pure elation. They were staring at a boy of eighteen years or less, tall for a mortal, though she already knew he was a mixed blood. It was his face that told the tale. She had only ever met two other men that had that same face in her lifetime. Pendral Dragon-Sword and Adem Highlander. His pointed ears were hidden beneath long fringes tied back to overlap the tips, but otherwise the resemblance was remarkable. It had to be the son of Pendral. 
But how did they miss this? They had spies in Valmeron. Why hadn’t anyone else put the pieces together before now? Of course! Pendral had spent months here in Valmeron around nineteen years ago. Though Elmira had never even heard a whisper of a rumour that the man had been in love!
‘Stop staring,’ Orion spoke at a whisper once more. She averted her gaze as the boy looked her way. Her focus now taking in the entire room of servants waiting on tables, the musicians, performers, and members of the court. But her eyes were always monitoring the young man in cobalt-and-cream silk coat and trousers, boots of pure white like some hero of legend. And he would be! 
This man was the world’s last hope. A male heir of the line of Dragon-Sword. It was greater luck than she would ever have thought possible. She would bet the world in a game of dice that this boy had been born during the Storm of Odin’s Return, making him a Child of Odin as well as the son of Pendral Dragon-Sword. 
Elmira wore a wicked grin of pure delight.

***
Rayne was making his apologies to the king for his lateness, kowtowing solemnly as Lindren waved it aside with a slight grin. Rayne could feel his daughter’s eyes on him also, she sat to the king’s right, in a sparkling silver gown and tiara, dark flowing locks and that generous bosom Shaye had made mention of, though Rayne did his best to keep his eyes lowered to their hands or the table before them.
He was making his bows to exit and fetch the king’s wine when he heard the unmissable Princess Victoria calling his name. ‘Rayne! Rayne, darling, do come and say hello, won’t you?’ For the briefest moment, their eyes met, and he remembered the girl he had played with in the castle when they were only four. The first girl he’d ever kissed, who had then told him he had no idea how it was done. The first girl to slap his cheek when he made a remark that was far too forward for someone of his station. His first and only true love.
‘Hello, Victoria,’ he said, bowing low to her as she draped an arm over Lindren’s eldest son, the pair of them looking quite the couple, despite being second cousins. But of-course it wasn’t that long ago that cousins often married within nobility. How disgusting to even consider, though these two looked like they might have already had a taste.
‘Rayne, darling, you look simply stunning,’ Victoria said with a sigh. ‘What good fortune to be serving His Majesty. How did you receive such an honour?’
‘Just fine luck, as you say, Princess.’ He bowed again, ‘Now, if you would excuse me?’
‘Oh, do come and say hello again later in the evening, won’t you?’
‘I shall do my best, Victoria,’ he was often nervous about saying her name, as he always felt he put so much emphasis into it. ‘You look lovely, as ever.’ She did too. Her physique was bronzed skin over slender muscle and bone, her face was that of the finest lineage of princesses and duchesses going back seven centuries. Sparkling black eyes and long dark hair tied up around her head in intricate braids. She was elegant, divine, and utterly heartbreaking. More so for the fact that she would never he his.
Yet tonight for the first time ever, he was almost certain he too was of a House of great nobility, and his father was apparently a formidable wielder of teron. Perhaps someday she would see him not as a lowly servant boy with a bit of an education, but rather as an equal. For the briefest of moments, he stood there happy as a duck in a puddle. He looked her in the eye again, smiling broadly, and it seemed at that moment her breath caught. The prince did not look pleased at this. ‘Shouldn’t you be running along now, Rayne?’ he asked with a raised brow. They were not friends, but nor was the young man ever cruel to him. In this case it seemed he was just trying to seduce his uncle’s daughter; and preferred no interruptions. Rayne bowed again, grimacing as he made a swift exit.


***


Wil and Elarja left the Arkendriel ahead of Adem, Carl and Pendral. Having obtained the Fists of Odin as well as two other trophy items for completing the course before Adem, Wil was hoping to return to his wife and win the battle before suppertime. But it was not to be.
Elarja said the Time Stones were malfunctioning again. When they made the first jump, they arrived on a green field scattered with violet-blue boulders, somewhere close to the South Sea coastline. He could smell the sea salt in the air, grey clouds overhead and a light drizzle. The date was only a short while before Odin’s Return, the second great lightning storm that heralded the birth of Rayne Dragon-Sword and the Second Born Children of Odin. It was about a year or less away according to Elarja, perhaps eight or nine months before judging by the season, and that got Wil thinking. What if he returned to his wife in this timeline? They could spend the next five hundred years together preparing for the Ragnarök Battle. Then it struck him, Enserah would also still be alive! She was no longer joined to his spirit as a Battle Angel and had not been in the distant past where he’d entered the Arkendriel. This gave him some hope that he might have a chance to alter the timelines.
‘I know what is on your mind, Wil Martyr,’ Elarja said in a troubled tone. ‘It would be most unwise to visit your wife and daughter. It could spell disaster for us and them if the timelines begin to unravel any further. You will need to keep your connection to her blocked as well, to avoid her coming for you. Do not let your Battle Angels discuss your presence here with Druantia either.’ Wil growled as he hung his head. ‘I will attempt to return you to Hayley in the true present as soon as I am able. For now, can you tell me if Adem and Carl are here too, in this timeline?’
Wil reached out with his senses, and he was certain he could sense both of his friends, before his Battle Angels confirmed the location. ‘Northeast of here,’ he said, pointing a direct line to them. 
‘How far?’ Elarja asked.

***
Adem, Carl and Pendral sat in a small dining room within a lively inn aptly named The Three-Eyed Cock. The patrons were served by what looked like tavern wenches for barmaids, if they weren’t straight out whores serving drinks between customers. Apparently, the place had a reputation for brawls when the drinks began to flow, though the mood was jolly enough when they entered, making their way to the private room when the innkeeper saw Pendral and waved him over. Ironically, the innkeeper had only one good eye. He was a well-built fellow, balding, with the other eye covered with a patch over a double scar that ran from scalp to chin. He looked like he’d lost a fight with a grizzly. 
This was one of the private rooms where Pendral and his wife would often meet during their courtship. It was vital that nobody ever found out about his marriage, and especially that Kassira was to give birth to Pendral’s heir. But of course, the Jinn-Lord would already know, Adem realised, as they sat at the thick polished oak table and ordered a round of drinks. ‘Three Shipwrecks for starters,’ Pendral told a scatty looking wench with a gap between her middle teeth. Adem wondered if the innkeeper was also an abusive pimp. If Pendral trusted the man enough to keep his marriage to Kassira a secret, he doubted the man was dodgier than he looked, though he did look dodgy. ‘And a bottle of house wine for my mother and her lady friends.’
‘Your lady friend coming too, mi’lord?’ the young woman asked with a sneaky grin. ‘I seen the two a’ya’ ‘olding ‘ands and all. A right proper woman she is. Suited to a man a’yer standing, if ya’ don’t mind me sayin’ so mi’lord?’ Pendral’s face was shrouded in a dark velvet hood, and Adem and Carl also wore their Aldebrand cloaks over their faces. Adem was watching her from the rim of the hood, he didn’t trust her one bit. ‘And who is yer’ drinkin’ pals this evenin’, mi’lord?’
‘That’s enough out of you, jezebel!’ snapped the innkeeper. He came bustling over carrying wine goblets and what looked like something much older than a house wine under one arm. ‘God-dammit woman, I’ve told you never to interrupt my guests during their private dining!’
‘I wuz just asking wot they wuz ‘avin’, Big John,’ she replied with hands on her hips, ‘don’t treat me like I’ze daft.’
‘Get back to serving the regulars or you’ll be out on your arse!’ Big John bellowed. ‘Apologies, my Lord,’ he placed the bottle and goblets on the table. They were polished silver, finely crafted and obviously reserved for special customers such as Pendral. Pendral was likely the only lord to grace this establishment since, well…ever! You’d find finer whores in a back alley. 
‘That woman talks entirely too much,’ Pendral said, gazing her way as she left in a huff. He said no more, but the threat implied was blatant.
‘She didn’t mean nothing by it, Lord Pendral,’ Big John implored. ‘Spare the poor wench if you please. Her old mother is blind and senile. She works six nights a week to feed the two of them, and her little one. He’s just a boy, my lord, have mercy.’
Adem was stunned to see this sudden change in Pendral, though it had in fact been hundreds of years since they last saw him as a younger man. He had changed. His expression was serious, reserved, but there was a hint of darkness about him, like a shadow clung to his form, resonating evil. 
‘Pendral?’ Adem pleaded, and he saw his son shiver. ‘Let it go, won’t you?’
Pendral sighed with his head bowed, then that joyful look returned. ‘Of course, Father, I shall do was you wish.’ It was as if he had passed through a veil of shadows to enter the burning sunlight. But for those brief moments, Adem had noted that Pendral had changed entirely. He was worn by centuries of wielding Angel-Magic, and his love for Kassira made him dangerous as a feral wolf when he feared she might be harmed. Adem admitted to himself that he was no different when it came to protecting Jean or Isabelle, but what he saw worried him. He glanced at Carl to see his friend was thinking the exact same thing. Too much time had already passed. They had missed their chance to save him, again. 
‘Why doesn’t she seek an Ael Tarael to Heal her mother?’ Adem asked. Big John bowed and dry-washed his hands as he spoke. ‘They’re New Order Christians, my lord.’ As Adem stared without comprehending, Pendral indicated with a gesture that he would explain later. When the innkeeper had returned to the kitchens, Pendral told how Carl Wilder’s recording of the Bible had created various sub-categories of the introduced religion. 
‘New Order Christians don’t allow Angel-Magic to be used on them,’ he said. ‘They are against anything that ties Angel-Magic of the Jinn-Lord to humankind. As both teron and terael have been tainted for over five-hundred years, New Order Christians consider it an abomination to wield it.’
Adem glanced at Carl who was studying Pendral with a curious expression, before his friend asked, ‘What could be the trouble with that? It is a necessary evil, but evil, nonetheless. I see no problem with avoiding a source of magic that allows men and women to become possessed by devils.’
‘It seems foolish to not allow a blind woman to see,’ Pendral replied in a strained tone. ‘But that is not the half of it. The New Order are organised. They have soldiers, tens of thousands of them. They have captains, generals, garrisons and commanders.’
‘Do they create trouble for the wielders?’ Adem asked.
‘They do what they can to meddle with our politics,’ Pendral replied. ‘They’ve made outrageous demands and attempted to see them enforced by the Kings of Elves and Men. One argument they have in their favour is Jean Fairsythe’s declarations. The Jinn Arts and male wielders have been outlawed since the Sons and Daughter first arrived in Kismeria. But over the centuries, many communities, races and armies have ignored those commands.’
‘Like General Tarz and his Forsaken army,’ Carl stated in understanding.
‘The New Order are smart enough not to try to intimidate us,’ Pendral said, ‘but they are forever petitioning the courts to enforce the laws against male wielders, and also against women wielding the Jinn Arts. But if they had their way, every one of us would be guillotined or hung from a gibbet for our crimes against God.’ He spoke the last words in disbelief.
‘Are there any New Order soldiers in Valmeron?’ Carl asked.
‘There are thousands camped a few hours ride from here. North. King Lindren will not allow them to enter the city, but they push their weight around as best they can.’
Adem was now studying Carl as he watched his friend weighing up the pros and cons of such a development. Adem had never heard of the New Order in the true present, five hundred years in the future. So, they were either destroyed, disbanded, or went into hiding.
 ‘The ladies are here,’ Pendral said as a side door opened, suddenly on his feet as four  women entered, hooded in thick velvet cloaks of rich embroidery in gold and silver on scarlet, amber, bronze and navy. They were laughing at something, chatting softly together, when they stopped to remove their hoods. Isabelle wore the navy cloak worked with gold, and when her gaze fell on Adem, he swallowed a hard lump in his throat. She looked more beautiful than he had ever seen her. Big dark orbs lantern-lit with an insatiable lust. Cherry red lips pouting on her perfect oval face. Her skin had a bronzed glow, apple red cheeks and glossy black hair falling past her shoulders. His heart was suddenly filled with a sensual warm desire and a soft, cool white light. 
‘Hello, Isabelle,’ he managed a quick smile. ‘It’s lovely to see you again.’
‘My handsome hero has returned,’ she said with a white toothed grin. He was also standing now, and they moved together for an embrace. ‘I’ve missed you terribly,’ she whispered.
‘Me too,’ he admitted. He then met Pendral’s wife, Kassira. She was gorgeous, regal, and benevolent as an angel. She wore the amber cloak. The other two women were very attractive Ael Tarael, one of them a brunette. The other had strawberry blond hair and nice curves. They were all in the middle of being introduced when the door opened, and Big John came in to announce another visitor. It was then that both Adem and Carl could sense Wil standing just outside the door. Their Battle Angels confirmed the fact, and so Wil must have been blocking his connection to them up until now. ‘Show him in,’ Adem replied, without waiting for a name.
Wil entered, wearing his Aldebrand cloak, and he threw back the hood once Big John exited. Adem, Carl and Wil gathered together for a group hug, laughing with joy to be reunited. ‘The Fists?’ Adem asked when they had all caught up.
‘Our friend has them. He had to go away on other business.’ That meant Elarja, and Adem recalled the need to keep certain information secret from Pendral. ‘I did bring this though,’ Wil said, holding up a gourd of what must have been more Druid potion. 
‘That won’t last us long,’ Adem said with a grimace.
‘I should have grabbed a few extra gourds before …’ he glanced at Pendral. ‘You only need a few drops each, it’s stronger than the first batch. We can share it.’
‘Share what?’ Pendral asked. Adem turned to explain what he could, and when the eight of them were seated at the large dining table, Wil provided a small amount to be added to the cups of wine for the women, and the mugs of dark ale for the men. Adem was about to take a sip when he said, ‘Didn’t our Druid friend say not to mix this with alcohol?’
‘This is a new recipe,’ Wil said. ‘He says a few drops in the morning will even cure a hangover. Bottoms up.’ Adem insisted they play a drinking game to make sure Pendral didn’t keep a single drop for testing later. Each took a turn to finish their drink in three gulps while the others slapped the tabletop and cheered as they finished. Adem studied Pendral like a hawk as his son downed the tankard first. Pendral seemed to enjoy the revelry. He collected the mugs when they finished and put them on a nearby tray, pulling the cord to ring the bell outside. Big John soon entered to collect them, after serving a fresh round of drinks. When Adem sat back down Pendral asked, ‘Might I take a small sample, Father? I’ve been trying to work out the best formula for half a millennium.’
‘I know it’s important to you, son,’ Adem said softly. ‘Just know that now is not the time.’ He lifted the fresh tankard and proposed a toast. ‘To my son and new daughter in law,’ again he spoke so quietly that only an immortal spy would hear through the thick walls and noise of the crowded common room. ‘May they live in happiness forever after,’ the words nearly froze on his lips as he realised his foolishness. He wondered what might happen if he could alter chance; and save Pendral’s wife from whatever fate had in store for her. Perhaps then Pendral would not turn evil at all. 
Adem could already see the cogs turning in his son’s mind, as he would wonder why he was not allowed to learn the formula. Questions would follow, and Adem was not prepared to answer any of them.

***
Rayne was staring groggily at King Lindren’s wine goblet as he relayed details about the vintage, simply part of the pomp of such an occasion. Even without looking at his face, Rayne could sense Lindren was bored out of his brain. Perhaps he also suspects I’ve been necking a few, Rayne thought with a cold shiver. That sedative potion was really kicking in, his mind was in a fog, though the meeting with Krommet and Halgahir still had him on edge like a smoker in a fireworks factory. He could hardly believe the story those two little creatures had told him, but it had ignited a spark of intrigue within him that now burned with a growing warmth and electrifying fervour.
 The Duke’s Magician Rorghan Rhast was standing a few feet behind him, and Rayne was doing his best to act casual as the two chests carrying the Leaf Aldebrand and Dream Nymloc were carried into the centre of the tables as all eyes fell on Rhast. Rayne felt a trickle of sweat down the sides of his temples, he was prone to perspiration whenever he was extremely nervous. Right now, he was ready to drip buckets!
Rayne gave up his spiel about the wine and poured for the king as Rhast began to address his audience. ‘Lords and ladies, knights, squires, Alit’aren and Ael Tarael,’ he paused a moment to revel in their attentive anticipation, ‘and of course the Esteemed Duke Mark, and Your Majesty, King Lindren, and your families, I beg the favour of your attention for just a few moments.’ There was laughter and great applause as the Duke and King and their wives waved to the honoured guests. The young nobles waiting at tables stood to attention but were not ordered to leave their station, which gave Rayne the chance he needed. Krommet had been able to foresee that if Rayne held his post at the King’s table long enough, he would be right next to Rhast when he put on this display. He turned to see the man gleefully admiring his own capacity to dazzle a crowded room with his voice alone. He must’ve appeared quite grand in his robe of emerald-green and sapphire-blue silk, though all Rayne could see was a decrepit, bony-limbed Shadowsouled with a hooked beak of a nose and eyes like a hungry raven. He wanted to rip those eyes out with his bare hands, but Krommet had warned the man was exceptionally dangerous, and Rayne was just a simple servant of the kingdom with little training in combat. 
He began to wonder what hope there was in all this.
‘I should like to introduce two little fellows who are honoured to delight you with their intricate spells,’ Rhast continued. ‘One is of the Kjia’hyenti clans, a genius with spells to enhance the flavours, texture and enjoyability of food, ale and wine.’ At these words Rhast fumbled around in a pouch at his waist and suddenly a cloud of blue smoke burst from the blue chest, resulting in an audience gasping in awe. Then there stood Krommet, a pale blue furred figure with a melon shaped skull no taller than two feet, and half as wide. He wore a little red coat with golden buttons and black trousers with a golden stripe down the sides, tucked into pixie sized boots of a brilliant emerald. The little creature glanced around nervously for a moment, taking care not to look at Rayne, then he bowed half his height and was soon performing for the crowd like a circus chimpanzee. 
Cheers and applause filled the room as Rhast reached into the pouch again, and in a dark cloud a smaller figure appeared floating above the red chest. Halgahir was formed of pure sleek black skin with thin black horns; sleek eyes burning garnet. More gasps of wonder followed, as Rhast spoke boldly to declare, ‘This little one is of the demon realm, though he is under my control. A very rare form of Dream Nymloc, he will add to the spell that is now enhancing your meals and beverages. The result will be fine dreams when you retire for the evening. Wondrous dreams!’ The crowd burst into applause as the two figures began to wield what must be flows of Angel-Magic, that Rayne could actually see, so he supposed everyone else could too.
Streams of thin light in various colours passed from their fingertips to float out and around the room, landing to rest on glazed hogs, turkeys, roast beef, and various other dishes including duck, pheasant, chicken and quail. The audience made sounds of enjoying the spectacle when Rhast called for a toast. Everyone raised their tankards and goblets as Rhast spoke. ‘I should like to dedicate this token gesture to the fond friendship between the Duke and his cousin, King Lindren.’ He watched with glee as all took a deep draught of their beverages. This was Rayne’s moment, and in his dazed state, he could only think to do one thing. The 300-year-old vintage smashed down around Rhast’s bald pate, bringing gasps of shock from the crowd. Rhast did not stumble or fall, and he turned to glare at Rayne with rivers of fine red flowing about his gills, pointing a gnarled finger with mouth open wide. Rayne swung the pure silver serving tray so hard up the side of Rhast’s face, he wondered if he cracked the Magician’s skull. This time he fell like a tree when the woodcutter yells, ‘Timber!’  
‘Rayne, what the hell?’ Lindren croaked, sounding outraged. When Rhast fell, his hand released two marble sized orbs, one deep blue and the other red. Each was lit by a burning centre.
‘Now, boy!’ Krommet roared. ‘Do it now or all is lost!’
Fighting for clarity, Rayne saw the two stones rolling across the paved floor and dashed like a hare to stomp on each with the heel of his boot. Both made crunching sounds like crushed glass. It was then that Halgahir began a high whiny giggle. Krommet too began to chuckle, soft, deep rumbles from his throat that carried in the air as if by another spell.
‘Forgive me, lords and ladies, my Duke and King,’ Krommet said with another bow. ‘We did not do what we have done out of spite; but know that my friend’s sleeping spell will work faster than Rhast had planned.’ Cries of fear and panic sounded from all around. ‘Though let this be a lesson to the Realms of Elves and Men for breaking the Old Accords.’ Lindren was standing now as he cried, ‘Guards! Seize them!’
Rayne was wide awake now, just as everyone around him toppled over onto their plates of food, wine goblets and ale tankards spilling onto the tables and floor as Rayne stared in shocked horror. Even Lindren fell face down across a small, glazed hog with an apple in its mouth, one hand gently resting on the hog’s posterior. All except for those waiting on tables who stood aghast, and those two immortals that had been staring at him earlier. Either they were immune to the spell, or they were not stupid enough to drink. The woman was a stunning blonde beauty, her Aldebrand was surely the tiger-hilted warrior Shaye had met in the stables. Both were on their feet now as they gazed at him intensely. The dark cloak over the man’s chair made Rayne think of Krommet’s warning. Shadowy figures seeking him out.
‘Can you create the Portal?’ Krommet was shouting at Halgahir. 
‘Not yet!’ the Dream Nymloc yelped in reply.
‘Then run, boy!’ Krommet bellowed. ‘Run for your life and don’t look back. We will catch up with you!’
Rayne dashed towards the nearest line of tables along the left flank as guards began to fan out with spears lowered. Rayne heard a woman crying out. ‘Young man, wait!’ He guessed it was the Ael Tarael, but he did not know who he could trust. So, he jumped onto the table, leapt over a pork pie and between two chairs to land on his feet. The woman cried again, ‘Rayne, stop!’ He ran so fast he remembered that when he was a boy, the other mortal children had called him Gale. 

Chapter 19


Breath of Fire

Pendral excused himself from the revelry to make his way to the restrooms. When he entered a stall, he wielded an ingenious Portal-Spell, siphoning a very small portion of the miracle potion from inside the gourd at Wil Martyr’s belt. He had placed a marker on the gourd that was invisible and undetectable to the Sons of Odin, allowing the potion to fill a small vial he kept within the pockets of his cloak. At the same time, he opened another Portal-Spell to his laboratory where he worked on his own potions. His hand reached through the small opening in space to pick up a flask of a formula of his own he’d been working on for many years.
When he returned to the dining hall, he was followed by Big John carrying a fresh tray of ales and new bottle for the women. When the drinks were poured and they were left alone, Pendral announced, ‘This is something I’ve been working on for some time, Father. I call it, Odin’s Tears.’
‘Is it an effective cure?’ Adem asked.
‘I believe when combined with another drop from Wil Martyr’s gourd, it will have the right effect. I must warn you though, it has quite a kick.’
His father looked uncertain to try it at first, then he smiled and encouraged his friends to share another round. And so, after Wil Martyr added a drop of his own potion to every stein and goblet, Pendral also added a drop of Odin’s Tears.
And it certainly had some kick, only enhanced tenfold when combined with Wil Martyr’s potion. As the night continued, Pendral voiced his concerns further about the New Order Christians camped close to the city.
‘They are building something, Father,’ Pendral explained. ‘Lots of metal alloys, lots of timber, they cut down entire forests to make whatever it is they are working on.’
‘Have you ever attempted to enter their worksites?’ Adem asked with intrigue.
‘I had planned on it,’ Pendral explained, ‘but they have wielders working for them. I fear they would detect my presence even in a disguise of Illusion-Magic. Whatever they are building, I believe it has something to do with their incessant attempts to outlaw all forms of magic.’
‘Who is their commander?’ Adem asked.
‘High-General Robert Ducharme. A pompous churchy git so full of pride he could sink a navy battleship! A vehement Christian with a venomous ire towards anyone that wields the simplest of spells.’
‘So, he must hate you most of all,’ Adem said.
‘Not quite,’ Pendral replied with a smirk. ‘He has an exceptional fondness for the legacy of the Sons of Odin, and he admires me for my rank and heritage.’
‘You mean he likes royals?’ Adem asked.
‘He does at that,’ Pendral admitted with an amused wink. ‘But he is rumoured to be captivated by the legends of the son of the Blue Water Dragon more than any other.’ 
‘Despite your ability to wield,’ Adem stated.
‘Yes, well, call it a begrudging admiration,’ Pendral replied. ‘I still believe he would gladly see me chained and muzzled like a rabid wolf if he had his way about it. That’s what makes me so nervous about whatever it is they are building.’

***
Rayne was sprinting with the speed of a half-blood throughout Valmeron Castle. He often heard the shouts of guards in pursuit, but he was simply too fast for them to have a chance at catching up with him. They would have his path blocked if they became more organised anytime soon, however. Krommet’s plan allowed for this. Halgahir had apparently placed a sort of marker upon Rayne, and whenever he managed to create one of those Portal-Spells of his, the plan was that the three of them would be reunited somewhere outside the castle walls.
But they should have crafted the spell already! Something must have gone wrong. He raced past startled servants and royal guests of the castle that had not been present at the banquet. They glared at him through his blurred vision as he dashed by like a storm wind. He knew all of the servant passageways throughout the castle entire, and he used these whenever possible to stay out of sight of guards on patrol. At times he slowed his pace to casually walk by guards he could not get past otherwise, and it worked! He kept an even breath despite having sprinted though half the higher floors of the King’s Quarters, and the alarm had obviously not been raised on these lower levels yet, so the guards were none the wiser.
He was passing by two guards armed with halberds in polished silver armour and bright red coats when the alarm bells sounded. They were the castle’s High Tower Bells. They were only sounded in the event that an attempt had been made on the life of the King! The two men grunted from behind their face guards, then one of them shouted, ‘Oi! Hold it there, sonny!’ Just as Rayne took off in another mad dash for freedom.
In the end he realised it was all for nothing. He slowed to a hop, skip and a jump to skid into a full stop when he saw the path ahead was blocked by thirty armed guards. As he stood waiting for them to approach, a sufficient number of guards shuffled into place at the opposite end of the hall. He recognised their leader’s voice when Captain Horace Gallowgate shouted, ‘Christ Almighty, Rayne! What the hell have you done now?’ Rayne began to imagine what life would be like living in a dank cell till the end of his days, when a shimmering translucent wall of colourful light morphed into being before his eyes. The colours swirled to reveal snow falling on the darkened city streets on the other side, and there stood the little melon headed Leaf Aldebrand with a red eyed shadow peering from the alley over his shoulder. ‘Run, boy!’ Krommet bellowed. ‘Run like the Devil is on your heels!’

***
Krommet paced back and forth in the alleyway when Rayne Dragon-Sword was safely through the Portal-Spell, that closed immediately behind him to assure his escape. ‘We need a plan,’ Krommet murmured to himself, pounding his tiny fist against his paw-shaped open palm. ‘I have not foreseen this far ahead. My sinister friend had trouble forming a normal Portal because he says there is a power here that blocks the normal kind he uses. The one you stepped through was basically a blending of his secret world and the physical realm. It was dangerous to be sure, but I was able to foresee that you would escape, safe and sound.’
He gave a little bow to the frazzled young Dragon-Sword as he stood hunching in the alleyway, rubbing his arms as the cold began to set in. 
‘At your service, Lord Rayne,’ said Halgahir in his sneaky tone.
‘Lord?’ Rayne asked aghast. ‘Am I truly a lord then?’
‘We will speak of it when are free, boy,’ Krommet continued. ‘For now, we need to find a way outside the city walls. I will not risk another of those Portals, so we need to disguise ourselves to get through the city gates.’
‘It will never work!’ Halgahir shrieked. ‘We need to take him through the Dream-Gate!’
‘Keep your voice down, fool!’ Krommet grumbled. ‘I need to think. I need another vision. We need to—Arrrrgh!’ It was at that moment that blue lightning encased Krommet’s entire form, and the next instant he was standing back in the banquet hall of Valmeron, with Rhast staring down at him with that horrid black beard and beady raven’s eyes. It was no surprise that the man looked terribly vexed! 
‘Little bastard vermin!’ Rhast shouted dripping venom. ‘Halgahir, wake the King and his guests, immediately!’
Krommet groaned when he heard Halgahir whimpering over his shoulder, and moments later the entire banquet hall of sleeping guests began to wake from their prescribed dreams. Gasps of terror abounded as the Duke asked Rhast, ‘What is the meaning of this?’
Krommet felt his attempt to name Rhast a Shadowsouled shoved back into his mouth with a spell of Air-Magic.
‘Forgive me, a thousand apologies, my Duke, my King. I believe there is no need to question the fact that the young servant who knocked me unconscious was a Shadowsouled working for none other than the Jinn-Lord. He made attempts to escape with these two rascals. I was able to return them to my command, though the boy is still on the run.’
‘Guards!’ Lindren shouted. ‘Arrest Rayne the Baneless! It pains me deeply to admit it, but the boy must hang for this treachery!’
Krommet was then returned to the chest that was his prison. In the darkness he said a silent prayer to the Old Gods for Rayne Dragon-Sword. Run dear boy. I see many dangers ahead for you and your friends.

***

The evening from that point onwards was a supercharged blur. Adem, Carl and Wil were the life the of the party as their entire entourage soon made their way to the common room of the Three-Eyed Cock, and the patrons cheered and hollered as they danced on tabletops, on the bar, swung from chandeliers and danced to the beat and melody of four musicians and a female singer. At any other time, the tunes they played, and the voice of the woman would have made Adem cringe, but in this state, it sounded as if the heavens had opened to release the songs of angels. He was in a heightened state of ecstasy. His skin tingled like a blanket of ice. His flesh warm as an open hearth. His breath was fire. His soul was a burning beacon of energy as if the sun were in his heart.
He stood on the bar looking down at Isabelle after raising another toast to love, freedom and family. Isabelle sat on a tall stool with Kassira and the other Ael Tarael women standing to either side. She gazed up at him with warm passion burning in her gaze. Her ruby lips were wet, and her smile was delicious.
‘I love this woman!’ Adem shouted over the crowd. The crowd hooted and hollered and broke into applause. ‘I love her more than words could ever say! I’ve lost you more times than I care to think, but now we are reunited once more.’ The crowd went berserk with more laughter and cheers. ‘If it were ever possible, in this life or another, I would make you my wife!’ Isabelle rocked back on her stool as if about to faint as the women around her cradled her, rocking her back and forth as they giggled and squealed. 
‘You are so beautiful, my darling,’ Adem continued. More laughter and applause. ‘To see you now, the woman you’ve become, if we were to meet for the first time tonight, I would believe you were an angel fallen from heaven.’ Isabelle pulled a funny face at that, as the women laughed, and the men booed and hissed. 
‘Cheap one!’ one man cried, to which a bunch of men broke into guttural chuckles.
‘Plagiarism and a cheap pickup line!’ Isabelle retorted with a broad grin. ‘Cliché, my good man. Cliché!’ She then pointed to the man who’d cried out as she shouted, ‘And I hope you were not insinuating that I am some back-alley slapper!’ Groans abounded.
The man feigned an abashed expression, fingers below chin as he bellowed, ‘Not in the slightest, Your Royal ‘ighness. Meant it same as you! Awfully cheap line to throw at one so fine as you, mi’Lady.’ Some uneasy chuckles followed.
‘A cheap line indeed,’ Adem said, ‘my apologies, dear lady. But it’s the truth of my heart. Truth to tell I fell madly in love with you the moment we first met.’ There was an uproar after that though this time Isabelle stared up at him with open delight. ‘If I could make it possible, I would stay with you here till the end of my days.’
‘Stay with me, my darling,’ Isabelle cried with elation, ‘please won’t you stay?’ More laughter and cheers.
‘I love you, my darling,’ Adem said, then when he said “I” he touched both hands to his chest. When he said “love” he drew a big love heart in the air. And when he said “you” he pointed both hands out at her and flapped them together like a dove’s wings. He did this three times until Isabelle stood to glide towards him like a swan on the water. He sat on the bar so she could lean close to whisper in his ear, ‘I’m yours, lover, now and always, but refuse me tonight and you’ll never have another chance.’ It was those last words that made his decision for him. Despite all his best intentions, he soon found himself on unsteady feet and making his way upstairs amidst Isabelle’s passionate kisses and a crowd gone wild with laughter, cheering, clapping, and stomping their feet as the band started up once more.

***

Sometime after Adem and Isabelle had made their way upstairs, Carl and Wil were still revelling in the common room, Carl sipping his fourth, or was it his fifth stein of ale? His vision was hazy, but the miracle potion combined with Pendral’s Odin’s Tears were bringing him up into a state of total bliss and exhilaration. 
Wil appeared to be getting along famously with Cindella, the strawberry blond Ael Tarael who was part of Isabelle’s entourage. Carl’s eyebrows rose to see Wil even putting an arm around her waist as they swayed to the music, tapping stein to goblet as they drank more than they should.
Ellendriel, the dark haired Ael Tarael stood beside Carl at the bar, she wore a shimmering scarlet gown under an Aldebrand velvet cloak. She had warm eyes, a pretty smile. He felt there was a spark between them, so much so that in other circumstances he would have excused himself to turn in early.
But he was in no rational state of mind, despite his awareness of the fact. Finally, the woman placed a ruby-ringed hand over his and said calmly, ‘I wouldn’t mind some fresh air and a chance to stretch my legs.’
He peered at her over his mug as he swallowed a lump in his throat.
‘Care to join me?’ she asked.

***

Isabelle slammed the door behind her as Adem stumbled into the cramped space with a queen-sized bed, a tattered mauve blanket and pink pillow slips, with a single lantern set on the side table. It smelled of cheap perfume and dead rat, but she was in no mood to care. Adem turned with an uncertain grin when she pounced like a raging feline, pushing him onto his back on the bedcover, she lunged to plant herself on top of him as she ripped open his shirt to the sound of buttons popping.
They kissed, or she kissed him, and he barely fought back, until he held her in his arms and time started to drift. But after a while she knew he was doing his best to stay fully clothed. She tried to undo his belt and he moved his hands to pull hers away from it. She managed to get his coat off, but he would not let her remove his shirt despite his bare chest being exposed.
She started to lower her dress down over her shoulders when he sat up and pleaded that they take a break. They were both heaving for breath, she was filled with desire to have him again, but the look he finally gave her assured her that his conscience was winning him over once more.
‘Damn that wretched woman!’ Isabelle snapped. ‘How can she have such a powerful hold over you?’
‘This is about more than just Je—’ Adem began.
‘Do not speak her name!’ Isabelle hissed, cutting him off mid-speech. 
‘It’s about more than just that other woman, then,’ Adem said with a confounded expression. ‘The last time we did this you became pregnant with Pendral.’
‘And he is a beacon of hope for the world and a joy to my heart,’ Isabelle said in puzzlement. ‘What could be wrong with us having another child?’
‘I would not regret the birth of our son no matter what,’ Adem admitted, ‘but there are complications that I cannot go into right now. Even if I allow more kissing and holding one another, I think I could lose control again. I can’t allow that. We can talk, but we can’t … do it.’
Isabelle slid off to one side of him to plonk down on the bed with her legs folded beneath her. ‘Damn it, Adem! I meant what I said. You have refused me for the last time!’
‘Let’s just sit and talk a while,’ Adem suggested. ‘Or better yet, let’s gather the others and we can all go for a walk in the fields. The stars are bright, we’ll bring some bread and cheese, wine and ale and make our own little midnight picnic party.’
Isabelle chuckled, then sighed deeply. ‘If you wish it, my love. I suppose that will have to suffice for quality time spent together.’
‘I’ve had a lot of time to think about the way I’ve treated you,’ Adem explained. ‘I now know that I’ve treated you very badly in the past. I want to try to make it up to you. I just can’t submit to what you really wish of me.’
That really meant something to her. He was being open with her, finally! She could understand his pain, and she appreciated what he was trying to say.
‘Let’s go then, my love,’ she said, kissing his cheek. ‘Our midnight picnic awaits.’

***

Janeanne stood several hundred paces from where Pendral, Rayne, and a host of Heroes of Will stood facing the Shadow Dragon. They were surrounded by Forsaken warriors obviously sent by General Tarz to attempt to kidnap Janeanne once more. But Tobin, Lydia, Elmira, and Terese stood by her side with thousands of Dark Elves as well as Heroes of Will and Children of Odin. There were a scattering of Children also assisting Pendral and Rayne, and the Shadow Dragon appeared pinned to the ground as the skies above lit up with bolts of Angel-Magic blasting the dragon’s dark form as if it were pummelled by fists of light.
Janeanne was communicating with Shienden, and the dragon informed her that he feared this would be his last fight. Despite his exhaustion, the dragon took to the skies once more, as Shienden also sent messages to Pendral to be ready for his assault. 
Pendral formed those pincers of Matter-Manipulation-Magic once again, gripping the Shadow Dragon in vices of glowing purple metals. Odin was again planting his burning spear into the snout of the dragon to force its jaws to the ground. Shienden swooped, dived, and blasted the Shadow Dragon’s form with blankets of Dragon-Flame that covered the creature’s body as the raging conflagration rocketed up into the sky upon impact. It was a glorious blazing blue inferno! Shienden beat his massive wings to take to the skies once more, as Pendral and his warriors fled the surging flames with immortal speed. The Forsaken ran too, moving in formation as they continued to surround Pendral and Rayne, many of them holding those Blocker shields on their arms that prevented the ability to form Portal-Magic.
Pendral and Rayne did not attack the Forsaken at this point however, as all were frantically attempting to flee in case the Shadow Dragon was not yet defeated. But Janeanne watched with a sigh of relief to see ki’mera orbs flowing from that location as the fires began to dissipate. Then when the flames had died low, she saw that the enemy dragon was indeed vaporized. Dragon-Flame was perhaps the only effective means of destroying one of those beasts.
A cheer went up from her surrounding forces, as many of the sprinting Elves looked over shoulders and slowed their pace now that the real danger was eliminated. But scores of Rohgorahl and Morhidrahl were charging forwards in pursuit of the retreating warriors, and they would soon outpace even the speed of Aelfin. 
She sent another request to Shienden, and the dragon appeared again to swoop towards the charging demons. He crash-landed into the earth with a thud that sent vibrations up through Janeanne’s legs! He appeared at the end of his strengths. Then he faced the charging hordes and roared like a thousand lions as he blasted the enemy ranks with magnificent pure white flame! The demons were turned to vapour in an instant, as blankets of blazing heat tore across the landscape to create another wall of burning blue. He had landed between the retreating forces and the demon army and had created another possible respite while they decided what to do about these Forsaken traitors. 
Then another fierce roar was heard in the skies above, and Janeanne looked there to see two Shadow Dragons swooping down towards where Shienden lay, looking broken and defeated. Shienden’s groan was the growl of a giant grizzly, as he beat his wings and began to take flight.
‘Retreat!’ Tobin roared. ‘Run for your lives!’ Janeanne spared a moment to see Pendral and Rayne searching the skies. Then they began to set a double pace as their entire forces ran like the wind was chasing them. Tobin scooped Janeanne back up into his arms as their entire entourage began to bolt as if the Gates of Hell had opened up behind them.

Chapter 20


Odin’s Return

Adem and Isabelle, Pendral and Kassira, Cindella and Ellendriel, Carl and Wil, were soon strolling through the fields towards a small valley that Pendral assured them would be the perfect place for their picnic.
Adem carried a bottle of fine dark ale in one hand, with the other around Isabelle’s waist. All were still fired up by the mixture of the cure potion and Pendral’s Odin’s Tears. It was if rockets were blasting through their very souls. They laughed, cried out loud to the heavens, danced to the words the women sang in soft delicate tones.
Isabelle and the other women carried baskets of bread and cheese, an assortment of nuts, olives, and dried fruits. Big John had even found some blankets for them to lay across the grass when they reached the location. 
They sat under the stars, drinking, and nibbling as they chittered like chipmunks on speed. Everyone was in a state of heightened senses and pure exhilaration. Every half hour or so the effect of the potions seemed to take them up another level.
Then Adem, Carl and Wil began to create a light show of wielding spheres of Angel-Magic, sometimes like a juggling act, or throwing bolts of pure energy straight up into the skies. It seemed the more they used the magic, the more their abilities increased. Soon they were joined in a link by instinct, and the skies came alive with blue bolts that filled the dark night above.
Then it was as if the Angel-Magic took over them, and they roared as they hurled more blasts of blue flame like claws of light shooting hundreds of feet high. It was followed by a fierce boom and a blast of light that seemed to be everywhere all at once. At that point Adem was so alive with Odin-Magic he felt he was about to explode!

***

Pendral shielded his eyes when his father and the Sons of Odin were suddenly surrounded by a brilliant blue, white glow. There was a blast of light and a rumble of thunder, the ground trembled. 
When the light faded, the Sons of Odin had vanished!
‘Father?’ Pendral called. ‘Is this some trick of yours?’
‘Where did they go?’ his mother whined in stark disappointment.
‘I don’t know,’ Pendral said, feeling suddenly very low to consider he may not see his father again for a very long time.
‘Drats!’ his mother said, then after a slight moan she called, ‘Pendral, sweetness, could you hold my hair back for me please? I think I’m about to throw up.’
Pendral sighed as a splitting headache took hold. He needed to perfect his Odin’s Tears formula to avoid these sudden side effects, in this case evidently enhanced and sped up by the miracle potion. At least now he had a sample. ‘Coming, Mother!’


***

Moments after that incredible blast of light and energy, Adem, Carl and Wil found themselves standing in the same valley, only they were now alone, and it was broad daylight! The ground was covered in a thick layer of snow! On top of all that they each groaned as a terrible hangover headache took hold.
They collapsed, holding the sides of their heads as nausea soon followed.
‘What the hell happened?’ Adem asked.
‘Maybe your ring again,’ Carl suggested.
‘You mean, we time travelled?’ Wil asked.
‘How else could it suddenly be daylight?’ Carl asked. ‘And the snow?’
Adem lifted the ring on the toramor chain around his neck, and it did seem to be glowing with a cool blue light within the diamond. He sat stunned as he tried to reason it out.
‘I guess you’re right,’ he said finally. ‘I really hope we went forwards.’
‘Me too,’ Wil said, sounding a little odd. ‘I miss my wife!’
They sat in silence for a time until Carl began to groan.
‘Your head or your stomach?’ Adem asked.
‘Neither,’ Carl said. ‘Oh, God. I made a terrible mistake.’
‘Me too!’ Wil said.
‘You too?’ Carl cried, glaring at Wil.
‘What are you two talking about?’ Adem asked.
‘Never mind,’ Wil said. Carl groaned again.
‘How much did we drink last night?’ Carl asked.
‘We each drank about 4 beers,’ Adem said.
‘I feel like I’ve been run over by a bus!’ Wil exclaimed. ‘You sure we didn’t drink more than that?’
‘I think we can blame the hangover on Odin’s Tears,’ Carl said with a grimace. ‘A very nasty side effect.’
Adem sat for a while longer holding the ring in his palm, wondering again why Jean would have parted with it. What was she trying to tell him? It worried him, a lot. Luckily, he’d thought ahead enough to place it within a coin purse in his coat pocket before Isabelle ripped open his shirt. That would have been a very awkward conversation, no doubt resulting in him getting his face slapped! Luckily, Big John had a suitable clean shirt to replace the one she’d torn open too.
‘Well we better head back into the city,’ Adem said, and after more morose groanings they were on their feet and headed towards Valmeron. For some reason they still couldn’t form any Portal-Magic, and that also worried them all quite a bit. It wasn’t long however before Adem could sense Pendral approaching at great speed. With his enhanced vision he made out the pale grey altherin charging towards him through the morning mist. Within moments the horse was clearly visible, then not long after Pendral was trotting the rest of the way, with a beaming smile on his black bearded face. 
‘You’re back!’ he shouted. ‘Oh, Father, I’m so glad you have returned!’
Adem waved and did his best to smile despite feeling ready to puke.
‘Your Odin’s Tears certainly has some kick,’ Carl murmured. ‘Kick in the guts.’
Pendral appeared baffled at this, then he slapped his forehead and grinned again as he said, ‘Of course, it is only the morning after for you three. Well, time has certainly passed since then for the rest of us.’
‘How long?’ Carl asked.
‘Approximately nine months,’ Pendral said with an even broader grin. ‘I am thrilled to report that my first born is due any day now.’
‘Then that means—’ Wil was saying before Adem and Carl shot him a warning glare.
‘Means what?’ Pendral asked, suddenly looking concerned.
‘It’s nothing son,’ Adem said, though what they were all thinking was that if Rayne was due to be born any day now, they had arrived quite close to the night of Odin’s Return. The night Rayne was born, and a great lightning storm covered the entire lands, fuelling the births of many other mortal and immortal children born on that night, creating the Second Born of the Children of Odin. It had been the same when Pendral was born during Odin’s Awakening, five hundred years before this day. That was during the final battle the Sons and Daughter faced against Jinn-Fendinn before being transported back to Earth.
‘Father if there is something that I should know I demand that you tell me,’ Pendral said. ‘Is my child in any sort of danger?’
‘We all might be,’ Adem said. ‘Just be on your guard, son. The next few days could get very interesting. By that I mean dangerous.’
‘The Hex-Warlords?’ Pendral asked.
‘Possibly,’ Adem said. ‘I can’t say for sure. But it’s very likely we’ll see some action in the next few days.’
‘I see,’ Pendral said. ‘Then you must all get some rest before then. I’ll take you to one of the finest inns within the city. The innkeeper is an old friend. The rooms are of a very high standard and the food and wine is first class. I’ll have Rondal put your stay on my tab, of course, Father.’
‘That’s very generous of you,’ Wil said at almost a low growl. It seemed his animosity towards Pendral was resurfacing. But Adem was more than grateful that his friend was no longer homicidal towards his son. For now, anyway.

***

Adem, Carl and Wil entered the common room of The Silver Hog to find it was a more than suitable establishment. Rondal was a tall thin immortal with blue eyes and short dark hair. He wore a blue coat of finely cut wool and dark trousers and boots under a spotless, gleaming white apron. He greeted them with a bow and took the letter Pendral had given Adem to present to the man, and his eyes bulged when he read it.
‘I’ll show you to your rooms and have hot baths and meals ready in no time, my lords,’ he said, and although Adem was exhausted, he thought he might grab some breakfast before going upstairs. Carl and Wil were more eager to get some sleep, and they followed the innkeeper up the polished oak staircase as Adem made his way to the bar that glowed with a dark stain in the morning light.
A fire blazed on the hearth at one end of the room, with polished round tables and high-backed cushioned chairs that looked more like thrones. The floors were swept and mopped to a high gleam; everything was perfect. Too lavish! he thought to himself.
Pendral had assured them that all of their belongings were in his safekeeping. Including the Staff of Ruination and Rejuvenation. Adem wondered if he had been using it at all these last nine months. That worried him. Carl had carried both the dark glass spear and Jarien’s Stonespear sticking up above his right shoulder these last few days, but both had been left at the inn as none of them were really thinking straight when they left. Pendral assured them he had returned immediately to gather all their belongings when they vanished at the midnight picnic. Wil still had his axe and Adem had his sword. But whatever items Wil had obtained from the Arkendriel were also currently in Pendral’s possession. Adem began to wonder what tests and investigations his son had done on those items during their absence.
A young mortal waitress soon appeared behind the bar, after rushing through the kitchen door. She was about twenty-one by his guess, dark eyed with short cut black hair framing her pretty face. ‘What will it be, my lord?’ she asked with a timid smile.
‘Coffee, black,’ Adem said, rubbing his temples. ‘And some fruit. Bananas or green apples preferably.’
‘Would you care for a pipe and tobacco pouch with your coffee, my lord?’ the young woman asked. ‘We have the finest grade of—’
‘I’ll pass,’ Adem replied, cutting her off mid-sentence. A puff of tobacco smoke right now would guarantee he spewed. He was also trying to quit.
It was then that he heard shuffling at the front doorway, the waitress appeared disturbed by her expression, so he glanced over his shoulder to see a man in golden armour and a red cape entering. He turned back without interest when he heard someone from outside pronounce, ‘Commander General Robert Ducharme, graces this establishment with his Holy Presence.’ Adem sighed as the young woman dashed away looking half terrified. Ducharme, the Commander General of the New Order Christians. A man Pendral had described as “A pompous churchy git!” A man who also hated wielders of any kind. Adem had a lot of respect for Christians in general, those that lived by the laws and customs of their faith. He just wasn’t in the mood for this one in particular right now. He was not certain if he ever would be either.
‘Greetings, traveller,’ Ducharme said in the tone of a delicate nobleman. When Adem refused to face the man, or even acknowledge him, he heard the announcer splutter, ‘You stand in the presence of the Commander General Robert Ducharme! Show your respects or face due punishment!’
‘Forgive me,’ Adem said. ‘I had a big night. The pleasure is all mine.’ He said this with a slight turn in the General’s direction, and saw the man puff up with pride, as he strode towards the bar with hand outstretched. Adem shook his hand and the man stood alongside as the sound of many more men shuffling into the room soon followed. His bodyguards no doubt.
‘Might I have your name, my good sir?’ Ducharme asked in his charming tone.
Adem grinned to himself, before replying, ‘Mister Underhill.’
‘Not Lord Underhill?’ Ducharme asked sounding quite alarmed.
‘What makes you think I’m a lord?’ Adem asked.
‘Well forgive me,’ Ducharme replied, ‘but I did just now see you speaking with the legendary Pendral Dragon-Sword. I also noted that he held you in very high regard. Pendral is known to usually only associate with those in the highest of circles, so you see …’
‘I’m no lord,’ Adem insisted.
‘And might I trouble you for the names of your two companions?’
Adem hadn’t thought of any yet, but thinking quickly he said, ‘Oliver Twist and Robin Hood.’ He was however in communication with Carl and Wil via their Battle Angels, and their new names were relayed via this method. They had both remained upstairs till this point as they were all hoping their presence might have been missed. They were staying put for now, however.
Adem was holding his car keys in his right fist, with the small silver Holy Cross hanging from its chain over his fingers. He took a moment to lift the cross to his focus as a distraction, when Ducharme remarked, ‘Quite the trinket you have there, may I have a closer look?’
Adem held up the cross and Ducharme checked both sides of the cross while holding it ever so delicately with a white handkerchief. ‘I say!’ he exclaimed, ‘I have never heard of Saint Christopher. I am a scholar of all of Carl Wilder’s teachings of the Holy Bible, and I have never seen a single record of this man.’
‘Nice to know,’ Adem said, showing little interest.
‘I would be more than happy to offer you thirty barrels of my finest wines if you were willing to part with it,’ Ducharme said sounding eager.
‘It’s not for sale,’ Adem replied.
‘Of course,’ Ducharme said, mopping his brow with the kerchief, ‘I meant to say my finest carriage and team of white stallions. Altherin stock, of course.’
Adem wondered if his eyes bulged at that, despite doing his best to hide any emotion. A team of altherin! He must be mad.
‘It has sentimental value,’ Adem said. ‘Not for sale.’
‘Forgive me, Lord Underhill,’ the man said sounding as if Adem was driving a hard bargain. ‘I meant of course to offer you the estates and land of my finest vineyard in the south. Close to Calicos, sea air, good soil. My wines are in the cellars of all the noblest of Houses.’
‘Are you nuts?’ Adem grunted, to which the man appeared utterly flabbergasted. 
‘If I have caused you any offence, Lord Underhill, I beg your forgiveness.’
He does have a lot of admiration for associates of Pendral, Adem thought to himself. He also felt bad for being so rude. But it was sheer madness. 
‘I beg your forgiveness, Commander General,’ he said, ‘I meant no offense. It’s just that, it really isn’t worth that much. It’s just a little silver cross.’
‘So you say,’ Ducharme replied with a calculating squint as if suspecting this were a brilliant form of deception to hide its true value. ‘Yet if it really is a relic of the Sons of Odin, I dare say I am the one who owes you the apology.’
When Adem made no response, those beady little black eyes of his seemed to be weighing every ounce of Adem’s demeanour. He was of middling years, a bald pate with dark curly hair around his ears. Stout and a little shorter than Adem, in his golden armour and red cape he looked like a Roman Commander. Despite knowing that this man hated anyone who could wield, and despite the man being quite clearly insane, Adem kind of liked him already. He was gentle and refined and bashful when in the presence of those he thought might outrank him. He would hate to have to kill this man one day.


Chapter 21


A Sly Marten

Rayne made his way to the stables through the back alleyways, he had no cloak or hood to hide his face and clothing, so he would’ve stood out to the guards who were now on high alert with the High Tower Bells having been sounded. It was also illegal to hide your face anywhere in the city. Anyone caught wearing a hood over their face was hanged. This was to avoid the chance of Souljhin infiltrating the city and hiding their faces. This was a rule thousands of years old, but right now Rayne would’ve taken the risk of the rope. So many soldiers seeking him out made his skin prickle with panic.
When he arrived at the Royal Stables, he made a circuit of the entire building to make sure there were no guards waiting to spring a trap when he entered. He found Shaye alone grooming the tall dark altherin, and the white mare was drinking from a bucket. Shaye already knew half of what had happened so far, but with much arm waving and talking in a rush Rayne informed him of the rest. Shaye’s eyes appeared wider every sentence.
‘So Old Rhast is one of them!’ he gasped. ‘I never liked the look of him. What will we do, Rayne?’
‘I’ve got to get out of here,’ Rayne replied. ‘Will you help me?’
‘If we can find a way out of the city,’ Shaye said, ‘I’m coming with you. We’ll find somewhere to start over, and we’ll get word to Ellagon to meet us wherever we end up.’
One of the side doors swung open, then closed with a slow creak. Rayne was already hiding in the stall with the black stallion. Shaye was looking in that direction with a hand gesturing that Rayne stay put, until they heard Ellagon calling, ‘It’s only me! Is our escapee with you?’
‘How did you hear of it?’ Rayne asked, stepping out from the stall when Shaye waved him forwards.
‘The whole city is talking about it!’ Ellagon said. ‘The King has declared that you will hang by sunup.’
‘I knew he would be upset,’ Rayne said. ‘But hanged?’
‘We’ve got to move quickly,’ Ellagon said. ‘I’ve brought supplies, but we’ll need to steal horses to have any chance of getting far enough by morning.’
‘The altherin!’ Rayne said. ‘They’ll get us out of range in no time.’
‘I couldn’t risk it,’ Shaye said. ‘Abandoning my post is one thing, but stealing horses? Lindren would find a worse punishment than hanging for that. We’ll have to sneak out through the sewers. Hide out in the forest until things have settled down.’
‘Then what?’ Ellagon asked.
‘I have no idea,’ Shaye replied. ‘Rayne, what have you done?’

***

Orion and Elmira had chased after Rayne Dragon-Sword throughout the castle. Every time they had spotted him in the distance, he’d dashed off through some side passage and out of sight. When they reached one of the lower floors they were met by the Captain of the Guard, Gallowgate, who explained that the boy had escaped through a magic hole in the air.
‘I want every soldier in this city out looking for him,’ Orion commanded. Giving orders to soldiers within any castle was still breaking the old decree when Jean Fairsythe took away his crown, but the situation was desperate. 
‘Every soldier is out looking for him,’ Gallowgate replied. ‘I assure you the boy will hang for his crimes.’
‘Rayne is no criminal,’ Orion growled. ‘I guarantee it. I want him alive!’
‘As you say, Lord Demon-Slayer,’ Gallowgate stammered. ‘But the boy is just a humble servant of the castle. What possible interest could you have in him?’
‘That boy is worth more muscle than every soldier in this kingdom!’ Orion roared. ‘Find him! Bring him to the King with my explicit order that not a hair is to be touched on his head. Now make way!’
‘Where are you going?’ Gallowgate asked.
‘To find him!’ Orion snapped. ‘My wife and I have a better chance than any of you!’
‘May I send some men to accompany you?’ Gallowgate called as they stepped past his guards.
‘They won’t be able to keep up,’ Orion replied, then he and his wife sprinted off through the passageway with Aelfin speed. There was still no way to form Portal-Magic in this region of the world. He wondered at the reasons, but all they could do was run.

***

Rayne, Shaye and Ellagon crept through the laneways behind the inns, taverns, and shops within the Tavern Quarter as they made their way towards the nearest sewer entrance. The High Tower Bells continued to sound in the distance, and the heavy boots of soldiers could be heard pounding the pavement from streets nearby. A dog barked on a leash from a side alley at one point, and a big black cat with golden eyes hissed at them from the top of a fencepost as they passed by. 
They heard shouting and revelry from the beer gardens of a number of ale houses, including the larger breweries, talk of an attack on the King’s life and Shadowsouled lurking in the dark corners. But they were always behind high fences and no one saw them creeping through the night. ‘… I ‘eard Lindren did stand all alone against a dark phantom,’ one man declared. ‘The wraith was twenty feet tall I ‘eard! Shot fireballs out ‘is jaws!’
‘You talk out your arse!’ another shouted, followed by roaring laughter.
When they reached the large steel grate that covered the sewer entrance, they found it was frozen shut from the thick snow they had pushed aside to reach it. Deciding it was futile to wait any longer, they started to make their way back towards the castle. Rayne hoped his old friend the Court Magician might be able to sneak them out by some other method. It was their best hope.
They were standing in a laneway between two taverns with lantern light washing the snow-covered pavement when they heard a strange gravelly tone speaking behind them.
‘What a strange place for three young men to be hiding out,’ the speaker said. ‘If you are seeking sanctuary, I have a way for you all to get out of the city.’
They turned to see a dark cloaked figure with a large hood covering his features. Rayne’s first instinct was that it must be a Souljhin, but the three of them stood transfixed as the man spoke again.
‘Do not be alarmed,’ he said. ‘I too am seeking a way out of the city. If you follow me, I may be able to sneak you out undetected.’
‘Why would we trust you?’ Ellagon asked in a croaky voice. ‘You should know it’s illegal to hide your face in the city!’
‘I do know this,’ the man replied. ‘But as I have already told you, I wish to remain undetected.’ He wore dark gloves and a long-sleeved coat, but Rayne caught a glimpse of his wrist while he was gesturing. It looked far too hairy.
‘Who are you?’ Rayne asked.
‘My name is Reginald Courser,’ he said. ‘I am a spy for the Duke. It has come to my attention that there was an assassination attempt at the banquet. I must carry what I have learnt to my associates in a town a day’s ride from here. I have men outside the city walls with horses that can carry you far from here. What say you?’
‘Show us your face!’ Ellagon snapped.
‘All in good time, my feisty friend,’ Courser replied with a chuckle. ‘Follow me if you want to get out of here alive.’ He started to move further down the alleyway, looking back as a shadow in the falling snow as Rayne and his friends talked it over.
‘If his word is true,’ Shaye suggested, ‘he’s our best hope.’
‘I don’t trust him one bit,’ Ellagon said. ‘Sneaking around back alleys with his hood up. He gives me the creeps.’
‘I don’t think I trust him either,’ Rayne said. ‘But if he knows a way to get us out of the city, we can do a runner when we’re outside the city walls.’
They decided to take the man for his word and were soon all following the tall figure further down the back alleyways. The further from the main road they went, Rayne started to feel a tight constriction on his chest. Something just didn’t feel right. When they turned a corner, they saw that the man had entered an alleyway that was a dead end. ‘Here we are then!’ he cried out in a gleeful tone.
Just then men sprang at them from all sides. Shabbily dressed men leapt from behind old crates and garbage bins. Some moved out of the shadows of the dead end, and they turned to see the way behind them was now blocked by more men wielding spiked clubs. The others carried knives or short swords. They were trapped!
Their betrayer hissed like a giant rat before he commanded, ‘Bind and gag them!’

***

Elmira followed her husband as he sprinted down back alleyways in search of Rayne Dragon-Sword. They crossed through many laneways with light spilling from tavern windows, until they came to a laneway that was a dead end. Elmira had placed a Marker-Spell on the boy Rayne, when she first identified him at the banquet. Her husband shared the spell, so he was also able to track the boy, but the trail ended here.
Orion searched about on the snow-covered cobblestone paving for a sign or clue of why the boy’s trail was no longer detectable. Eventually he picked up a single long brown hair that he held up to her face.
‘What is it?’ she asked. ‘It’s not one of his, the boy’s hair is flaxen. Nearly white.’
‘I believe he was taken by a Sly Marten,’ Orion said.
‘A Sly Marten?’ Elmira gasped. ‘Then Jinn-Fendinn must already know who he is.’
‘I presume the Jinn-Lord has known all along,’ Orion said. ‘He has just been biding his time.’
‘Can you track the Marten?’ Elmira asked with some hope.
‘I can sense his general direction,’ Orion replied, ‘now that I have this.’ He held up the hair as he wielded teron to increase his awareness of the Marten’s location. ‘There is rope fibre scattered there too. My guess is he was bound and gagged. There are a lot of footprints in the snow. The Marten is surely working with a number of Shadowsouled.’
‘I’m worried about you facing him alone,’ Elmira said. Sly Martens were expert swordsmen, they had immortal speed, and like Souljhin most spells didn’t work against them. ‘I can’t form Shield-Spells either. Something is blocking them.’
‘We will have to trust to fate,’ Orion said. ‘We must hurry. They are making their way towards the city gates.’

***

Ellagon struggled in his bindings that held his wrists and feet. An oily rag stuffed down his gob. Shaye and Rayne lay alongside him inside the wagon with blankets covering them and heavy sacks on top. Potatoes by the smell. How they imagined they would be getting through the city gates with a wagon loaded with potato sacks was beyond comprehension. With an attack on the King, and alarm bells ringing, a cart leaving in the night would have to be searched. Though Ellagon had begun to wonder whether this Reginald fellow was a confidant of Rhast the corrupted Magician. Perhaps then they had some special seal that stated they were on the Duke’s orders. That thought terrified him as he fought to escape his bonds.
Then he heard a voice inside his mind. Often as a child he had heard the voices of animals speaking to him in their strange tongues. Though through a sort of translation funnel he was always able to understand them. This time it was definitely a cat speaking to him. We have the rat’s trail, the cat said. It was the big black with the golden eyes that had hissed at them in the alley earlier on. For some reason he just knew that it was. My friends and I are on our way.
Hurry! Ellagon sent, wondering what it meant by ‘rat’s trail’. Bring as many as you can, he commanded.
We are hundreds, was the reply. As the cries of dozens of enraged felines filled the night behind them, Ellagon shed tears of joy.

***

Elmira sprinted beside her husband as they followed the trail towards the Sly Marten. But before they were within range, the cries of hundreds of domestic cats filled the night air. Cats hated Sly Martens, and the cats of the city had surely followed the creature’s trail. They were soon on the main road headed towards the main gate, where they saw the Marten and his men surrounded by cats hissing and springing to the attack!
There were dozens of men in plain coats and trousers armed with an assortment of weapons, and they clubbed and stabbed at the cats that leapt for their waists, climbing their forms to scratch at their faces. But the men were fighting back, and Elmira saw that there were more men moving to join them.
The City Watch were entering combat with some of the men, who fought back as best they could while under assault of enraged felines.
The Marten’s hood was now removed, and Elmira froze as it met her gaze. Dead cats lay scattered around its feet, with more clinging to its knees and chest. Yet it seemed hardly bothered as it picked them off one by one, throwing each one to the ground to plant its blade into their necks or skulls.
Sly Martens were a combination of man and animal genes, similar to a Boli-Kuldr. But Martens were bred with minds similar to rats, weasels, and ferrets, with a little fox thrown in to make them smarter than any Boli-Kuldr. Dressed in a dark cloak, the figure stood taller than any man, with a head like a giant rodent. Piercing big black eyes and buck toothed. Any solider that tried to intercept the creature was cut down with ease. A number of human bodies already surrounding it too.
‘Leave the Marten to me!’ Orion yelled to the guards. ‘Elmira, my love, take out as many of the others as you can.’
Elmira raised her hands as blue lightning fell to pummel the Marten’s minions like flickering blades. Those men sizzled like sausages as they ran to-and-fro attempting to slap the fire out from their blazing hair. Cats blasted free from the shock. Others shuddered before collapsing. She took down most of them in her first assault, as the City Watch roared with increasing courage. 
Some of the Shadowsouled were shouting, ‘Witch!’ amidst screams of agony.
Elmira dashed towards the cart, hurling the sacks loaded on top at a few more Shadowsouled, knocking them off their feet. She threw back the blankets to reveal the faces of Rayne and two of his companions. One by one she yanked them free of the cart and onto their feet. They stared in awe of her superior strength, but she was Aelfin blood. She spared a moment to see her husband locked in fierce combat against the Marten. It hissed and growled as it moved through forms in a fluid dance.
With a gesture the young men were free of their bonds. They removed their masks and gags when Rayne asked, ‘You came to rescue us?’ He actually sounded a little shocked.
‘We are old friends of your father’s,’ Elmira said. ‘There is little time to explain, but you must get back to the castle as fast as you can run. I must stay here and help my husband.’
‘Then we will stay with you,’ Shaye offered.
‘That would be foolish!’ Elmira hissed. ‘I cannot guarantee that we will be able to handle this creature on our own. You must run while you still have legs, boy!’
‘Will you see that Rayne is pardoned?’ Ellagon asked.
‘He is already,’ Elmira cried, hurling a blue bolt at the Marten’s back. ‘Just get out of here, now!’ They began to set a pace when Elmira called out, ‘Wait!’ When they looked back towards her, she asked, ‘Why did you attack the Magician Rhast?’
‘Krommet said he was a Shadowsouled,’ Rayne shouted back at her.
‘Then you are in worse danger if you return alone!’ Now she was in a pickle. She had to get the boys to safety, but she would not abandon Orion. She hissed a moment later when the Marten threw down a Jhin-Tap coin that clinked as it hit the ground and rolled to land nearby. Dozens of Souljhin morphed into being with scarlet blades raised! 
Elmira lashed out with Blades of Magic that fell from the sky in a flickering haze. Night turned into daylight in cataclysmic flashes. The Souljhin dodged and stepped free from each attack with ease as they cut through the remaining soldiers like the Reaper at Harvest. She screamed as she increased the number and intensity of the bolts, drawing more Angel-Magic than should be safe to hold. The swarms of cats howled and launched into their attacks in a frenzy, they hated Souljhin even more.
Orion was soon overwhelmed with combatants, as he attempted a retreat while shouting, ‘Flee, Elmira! Take them and go!’
‘I won’t leave you!’ she shouted.
‘You must!’ he roared in reply. ‘I will follow! Do as I command!’
But she could not leave him. Instead she changed her spells to Air-Magic. Dredging up a storm wind that blasted the Souljhin flying a hundred paces into the distance. The Jhin-Tap she sent flying over the city walls. But any of the Souljhin may be carrying more of them. The Marten was also knocked off its feet and landed some distance away from her husband.
‘You will come with me now!’ Elmira cried. ‘Or we shall all die here and now!’
Orion grunted and held up his sword vertical in front of his face. ‘As you wish it, my love.’ A moment later they were all five of them sprinting for safety, trailed by the Devil Incarnate.

Chapter 22



The Son of Pendral

Adem, Carl and Wil were soon reunited with Pendral, Isabelle, and Pendral’s wife Kassira. The flaxen haired beauty looked radiant in the final days of pregnancy. Adem was thrilled at the idea that his grandson would soon be born. Pendral’s excitement was also palpable. There was a look about him that Adem had never seen before, though as a father, he understood it.
They left the inn and made their way through the city streets on horseback, riding out into the fields until they arrived at a very large house with a high thatched roof, built out of bluestone. Inside the walls and roof were supported by thick wooden beams, carved in the shapes of horseheads at the top. Thick round wooden columns stood throughout the house, that was mostly one very large open room with a slate paved floor.
‘I had it built shortly after we last saw you,’ Pendral explained to Adem and his friends. ‘There is a window that looks out over the valley where we had our picnic. Kassira and I hoped that if we looked out that window often enough, we might see your return.’
They sat at a long, carved oak table, polished with beeswax to a high gleam. Glowbulbs hung from chandeliers around the chamber, giving ample light to the room as night began to fall. They ate a small feast in celebration of their reunion, drank ale and wine, but as the night continued there were more than a few surprises in store.
There was a knock at the door during the third hour after nightfall, when the two Ael Tarael that had joined them that night at the tavern entered, and both were also near to bursting with the late stages of pregnancy. Adem darted looks to both Carl and Wil, who were doing their best not to stare at the women as they entered. Adem’s perceptions of their emotions began to tell the tale of what he must have missed that night at the Three-Eyed Cock. 
How could they? he wondered to himself. Then he recalled how out of their minds they had all been. He had no right to judge. He had made the same mistake himself.
The women joined the celebrations, though the mood was awkward to say the least. Adem, Carl and Wil were still feeling hungover from the night before when Pendral suggested, ‘How about we celebrate with a little Odin’s Tears?’
To which all three men groaned ‘Nooo!’ in unison.
Pendral appeared hurt as he said, ‘I have perfected the formula.’
The door burst open, broken off its hinges and thudding to the floor! It was a big door, carved and polished oak, thick and sturdy. But the wood had splintered and split when the beast of a man that stood in the doorway knocked it down. He was surely part Giant blood by his height and girth, standing close to eight feet tall and looking not unlike Dis Pater. There was a fierceness to his gaze, dark deep-set eyes that showed immediately that he was a wielder under control of a possession demon!
But it all happened too quickly. Suddenly the men were leaping to their feet as Adem realised teron was cut off from him, and the other men and women cried out the same fact. This wielder was so powerful he had cut them all off from Angel-Magic and Shield-Trapped them so suddenly, they stood helpless as lambs to the slaughter while the behemoth figure stepped into the light.
He drew a sword longer than any man, thick and chunky like Arawn’s blade, though this was Magic-Forged grey steel a hand width wide. He swiped with the blade as all leapt out of his path, the table split in two as an explosion of Air-Magic blew the entire roof and walls apart in one massive blast!
‘I have come to challenge the Sons of Odin!’ the man spoke in a voice that vibrated all around him. ‘I saw the sign, nine months ago, there!’ He pointed to the valley where Adem and his friends had teleported through time. ‘The light in the sky drew me here. I learnt that Pendral Dragon-Sword had entertained guests that fit your descriptions. I waited, as my Master had demanded that I destroy you once and for all.’ There was little emotion to his tone, but there was a power that radiated from his soul like an army of Souljhin.
Lightning pierced the skies, liquid white bolts blasting the fields as the wielder began to harness punishing flows of teron. Thunder roared like a raging god. It was at that moment that all three women went into labour. They sat wailing with terror as the men stood between them and the sword wielder. All four men had weapons drawn, but they stood gazing up at this gargantuan figure as if they feared they would be split in two with the first swipe.
Adem was guarding Isabelle, and he too was frozen with fear. Somehow this possessed Viking had created a Shield-Trap that prevented both Adem and Pendral from wielding their Matter-Manipulation-Magic. Up till now he had never known that was even possible. But it terrified him to realise he was truly helpless for the first time he could remember. Even the Jinn Arts were out of reach.
Pendral launched into an attack, charging the figure to clash blades as lightning flickered in the skies. Pendral’s immortal strength was a match for the barbarian, and Pendral’s speed with the blade allowed him some advantage. But the Viking simply deflected every attempt Pendral made to wound him. It seemed he had come to fight with the sword, rather than destroy them with Angel-Magic. Adem guessed it was perhaps some lingering sense of Viking honour the possessed man was able to hold onto. 
During these moments, Adem, Isabelle, Carl and Wil moved the pregnant women as far from the battle as possible. But the men would need to aid Pendral, or his son would surely be cut to pieces. 
Carl stayed with the women, and Adem and Wil returned to surround the possessed Viking. The three men made attempts to slice and stab at the figure, but that massive blade swished through the air to block every strike with perfect ease. This man was surely an Agnar, an expert of the blade. Any misstep and that sword would cleave through flesh and bone like carving up the Sunday roast. 
When he did start swinging, Adem and Wil leapt clear of his swipes without making any attempt to defend with their weapons. Pendral did not. He stood his ground, defending with his sword and superior strength. But how long can he keep this up? Adem wondered. Surely defending against such force would be depleting Pendral’s speed and stamina. Adem desperately tried to think of some way to end this. Without teron they could not summon their Battle Angels. Their enchanted relics from the Arkendriel also required Angel-Magic to activate them. Their only hopes rested on Pendral’s abilities with the sword. Adem and Wil could only do their best to provide a distraction.

***

Rayne and Pendral knew it was time they used what powers they had to distract those two Shadow Dragons from murdering more of their people. Rayne summoned Odin Wings at the same time as his father, and both took to the skies to the same height as those black winged beasts. They were joined in a link, teron flooding Rayne’s senses to the point that he wanted to scream. It was nearly tearing him apart, but he unleashed waves of Angel-Magic in an epic blast that struck the first dragon like a blazing Odin Spear.
At the same time Pendral unleashed true Bolt Rain upon both dragons, a blazing cataclysm of blue lightning surged from the clouds to strike their dark scaled forms like burning claws. Rayne hurled a true Odin Spear at the other dragon, striking its skull as both dragons curled up their wings to fall from the sky in a blaze of light.
But both recovered before crash landing, beating their wings as electric blue bolts charged around them. They took flight and aimed their Dragon Flames at both Rayne and Pendral, liquid black viscosity rushing through the air like tongues of dark fire. Rayne and Pendral swooped to escape the attacks, flying under the dragons as Rayne blasted the first with another Odin Spear up through the breastplate. Pendral’s Bolt Rayne crushed the second in a vice of electricity. 
Far below, Rayne watched Tobin, Lydia, Elmira and Rievenna sprinting to escape the charging demons and traitor Forsaken. Until they got out of range of those Blocker shields, they could not escape via Portal-Magic. But Rayne doubted they would flee and leave Rayne and Pendral to fend for themselves. Tobin still carried Janeanne in his arms, Aelfin feet carrying her as fast as altherin horses entering a gallop. They crossed the landscape in a blur but Tarz’s Forsaken gave chase, with a wave of Rohgorahl and Morhidrahl in close pursuit.
He saw that in the seconds he spared for a glance, as he rocketed up behind the first dragon to blast its hide with another Odin Spear. Hurled from his open palms as a bar of bright blue. Pendral’s Bolt Rain filled the clouded skies like Claws of Angry Gods. Blistering heat crackled in the atmosphere as thunder roared like Odin’s Fury. Again, the dragons plummeted from the skies, this time crash landing against the earth in dust clouds of burning domes.
Rayne used this moment to blast the demon fields, scattering hordes of the giant goblin breeds in waves of blue incineration. He would have preferred to have Odin and Reiden seeing to that, but the two Battle Angels were requiring time to recover in their Resting Points. At that moment Rayne began to wonder whether the Sword of Valour would be strong enough to dent those dragon scales.

***

Elmira and Orion kept a pace that the two mortal boys could keep up with, running through the city streets towards Lindren’s palace. They were cut off a number of times by Souljhin blocking their path, nightmares in the flesh wielding those tainted red and black blades. The Sly Marten must have placed other Jhin-Taps throughout the city laneways, or else it had others do it for him. Soon the streets were swarming with Souljhin in their dark hooded cloaks. Men and women ran frantically from the inns and taverns, screaming in terror.
Eventually they were penned in by the Swordsmen of the Shadow. They took refuge in a three-storey building that was part of an old brewery. Elmira used Lock-Magic to get through the heavily chained doors, Orion doing his best to bar the doors from the inside with heavy furniture. But they would get through that in short order. They were trapped!
They huddled upstairs, Orion looking out into the street where the Souljhin began to gather. They hissed like serpents, chanting ‘The son of Pendral! Give us Pendral’s son!’ There were dozens of them, and their chants would draw more. Elmira began to fear they may set the house on fire to drive them out. But soon they were booting at the heavy downstairs door, followed by the sounds of wood splintering. She could hear them pushing through the furniture. She did not know if her Angel-Magic was enough to save them. She could not even produce Shield-Spells. 
What hope is there? she thought in horror.
Heavy bootsteps pounded through the house, they were storming the building and charging up the steps. Elmira’s heart pounded at her chest as the door thudded from powerful kicks. Orion stood before her; his sword held up to defend. But Elmira knew they had no chance of survival. ‘We are doomed!’ she breathed, just as the door split off its hinges to fall with a heavy thud.

***

Rayne and his friends stood terrified and helpless when those creatures kicked the door in. The tall dark cloaked immortal stood poised for battle, but they knew it would be over too quickly. Then the immortal woman cried out, ‘The Jinn Arts!’
As the seven Souljhin stormed in, Rayne watched the first two make awkward movements, before pointing their blades up under their chins, driving the swords up through their own skulls. Two more moved like puppets on strings to face one another, forcing their swords through each other’s breastplates. They collapsed in heaps as another simply lopped off its own skull! 
Rayne realised then that the two immortals were using demon mind control.
The two behind leapt over their fallen comrades, the immortal man clashing blades in a flickering of golden and crimson, before a blast of white flame shot forth from the man to send the two Souljhin flying back out the door. The beam was tall as the man and four feet wide, a brilliant bar of burning blue that struck several other demon-men surging towards the doorway.
Moments later the Souljhin were swarming into the room like cloaked shadows. The immortal clashed blades with two in a lightning fast display of sword forms. At the same moment, a gale force wind leapt from the woman to send four more flying back against the stone walls. Lightning flew from her fingertips like claws to clutch at the fallen demon-men, but they appeared unharmed and were soon rising and poised to strike. More charged up the staircase, rushing for the doorway.
Rayne’s heart pounded in his chest, thudding in his ears. His pulse racing. In those brief seconds that seemed to slow down infinitely, he felt a sudden surge of energy rising within his core.
He could remember his mother in those moments. He could see her blue eyes and pale white blonde hair falling around her face. He remembered her, but it was his oldest memory, and for some reason he knew right then and there that it was the same day he was born. As impossible as that seemed to remember so far back.
But he remembered. He remembered her peaceful smile. He remembered that it was also the day that she died.
He screamed in terror and heartache as that surging pulsing light flared within his soul. Rising like volcano lava to pour forth through the air in a brilliant blast of blazing blue, white lightning. The bolts were thick, bright as the sun. The bolts chewed holes through the chests of the Souljhin pouring into the room. Blue electricity in the form of giant snapping snakeheads that ate through armour and flesh like pure bright acid.
The seven that had entered and the remaining ones standing in the outer hallways collapsed with gaping holes in their chests, some still thrashing those blades wildly like an insect that refuses to give in to the stomping heel. 
He roared with fury and triumph as the bolts surged out the window and further through the outer rooms of the house. He could see where those snake-headed bolts flew to strike more enemies that glared in shock before they were blasted to bits or incinerated in waves of brilliant incandescence. He heard them hiss and scream before they died. Through the eyes of those snakes he saw the swarms outside as the bolts tore through chests, blasted skulls into bright explosive spatters as bodies collapsed in pools of blood and fire.
It was true! He was a wielder of impossible potential. He was the son of Pendral Dragon-Sword. It thrilled and terrified him both at once!

***

Wil spared a moment during the battle to move out of reach of the possessed Viking, taking a decent sip of the miracle potion from the gourd at his belt. None of them had touched the potion earlier in the evening, but he hoped there was some chance the powerful effects would bring about a way to break through those Shield-Traps that blocked them all from wielding any of their forms of magic.
In an instant he felt a surge of Angel-Magic nearly within his reach. It was building as the seconds ticked over, and he launched into another series of strikes at the Viking that were easily blocked by that massive blade. Pendral and Adem also rushed the warrior almost at the same instant, but the Viking spun the blade to block every attack with perfect ease.
Wil defended his ground while moving towards Adem to give his friend a sip. ‘Take a good gulp!’ Wil shouted over the thunder. ‘I can feel Angel-Magic rising!’
Adem took a mouthful and handed back the gourd, then Wil called to Carl as he ran towards him and threw him the gourd with the stopper in place. Carl caught it and took a large sip, allowing the women to also have a small amount each. Wil worried it might interfere with their pregnancies, though taking drugs to ease the pain of childbirth was certainly commonplace where he was from.
Pendral continued to lead the attack, as Adem and Wil surrounded the figure again, attacking from all sides. Pendral still had not had a sip of the potion, but he saw the man take a moment to take a sip from a flask within his cloak. Odin’s Tears most likely. Wil wondered if they would have a similar effect. Soon Wil could feel Angel-Magic nearly within reach. He strained against the Shield-Trap while reaching for teron like trying to grasp a bolt of lightning. But he was still unable to achieve a single spell. It was surging within him though, almost to the point where the intoxicating effects of the potion was knocking him off his feet. But he flowed through the axe forms as if floating on clouds. He was faster than Adem, though not nearly as much as Pendral. At the same time, he stretched his thoughts across the plains in search of wolves. There were some nearby, but they refused to fight the Viking that they called the Shadow-Wraith.
Then Wil wondered if they should mix the two potions, and soon the flask was thrown to Wil by Pendral, and the gourd thrown back at him. From the moment the gourd touched Pendral’s lips, the Viking was hit with a thunderbolt of blistering brilliance. It clutched and coursed around his Shield-Sphere at the same time that the possessed figure appeared unsteady on his feet. Wil quickly took a sip of Odin’s Tears and ran to pass the flask to Adem. It was almost instantaneous. Angel-Magic flooded his senses, electric frost in his veins and burning lava in his flesh and bones as he drew his bow and began to blast the Shield-Sphere with punishing waves of golden light.
A stone boulder of purple luminescence fell from the sky to seemingly crush the Viking Giant, no doubt created by Pendral’s Matter-Manipulation-Magic. The ground rumbled when it landed. But moments later the stone cracked in half and blasted to a million shards of light. The figure still stood poised within the Shield-Sphere, though this time he launched into a savage onslaught against Pendral. The two men clashed blades repeatedly, moving further from Wil and Adem, when the roar of Shienden’kroxus filled the night sky.
The dragon swooped at the same moments that Pendral wielded a charging boar glowing bright mauve that gored the Giant’s Shield-Sphere, rolling him along the ground like a marble thrown from a child’s hand, digging up earth before Shienden blanketed the Viking in raging blue Dragon-Flame. Fire rocketed into the sky as it blasted the fields turning night into daylight. They watched and waited, Wil passing Carl the Odin’s Tears flask. But when their hopes were at their highest, Wil saw that impossibly tall figure marching from the flames unscathed. It was at first sight of the man that Wil, Adem and Carl shouted the names of their Battle Angels. A lightning storm filled the skies to rival Odin’s Awakening! It was then Wil realised this must be the night of the Second Born Children of Odin. The Storm of Odin’s Return!

***
Rayne hovered in the skies above the Shadow Dragon that was hit by another strike of Bolt Rain. Pendral had created the spell, and as the dragon fell to earth with a deep shudder, Rayne swooped like a bird of prey, landing atop the dragon’s chest to plant the Sword of Valour deep through the heavily armoured breastplate.
When the blade pierced that dark armour, Rayne hurled twin Odin Spears into the dragon’s chest, as the entire body rumbled, ruptured, and exploded. Rayne took to the air once again, looking down to see the dragon’s form dissipating to black flakes burning blue. The other dragon roared as it circled its defeated brother, then headed off west.
They would not follow, for now anyway. Rayne needed to ensure his friends got out of here alive.

***

Janeanne was placed back on her feet, as Tobin watched the skies where the second dragon turned tail and fled. Now was the time to eliminate this threat of Forsaken betrayers. But before Tobin, Lydia and Elmira could unleash their attacks upon the dark garbed men in pursuit, their entire party felt Shield-Traps lock down around them! They were cut off from Angel-Magic, and the Forsaken swarmed around them as their leader raised a fist while joined in a massive link.
At that moment Janeanne’s heart felt like an explosion in her chest. She watched as her beloved Lydia and Elmira, Tobin, and Terese Sapphire-Sword, were blasted to pieces by the savage spell known as Destruction-Magic. They were literally torn apart by Angel-Magic! She watched in horror as her adopted mother’s head exploded like a ripe melon under a sledgehammer. She screamed in agony as a number of Forsaken wielders took her by the arms and a doorway through space opened before her.
For some reason, even her ability to manipulate matter was blocked by these Blocker-Shields some of the Forsaken carried on their arms. She tried to summon Shienden from the skies, but the dragon had retreated far from here, only now returning to her call. As they forced her through the Portal-Spell, she knew there was no hope of rescue. Her soul was empty, blackened and bleeding. The pain in her heart was so strong she wanted to tear every one of them to shreds!

***

Rayne watched from the skies when the mighty Tobin Fire-Heart, Lydia Ever-Light and Elmira Golden-Braid were slaughtered by the Forsaken wielders. Terese and the bulk of her companions were also murdered, but he saw that they also took his darling Rievenna as prisoner. They would be using her as bait, as it was Pendral and Rayne that they truly wanted.
Rayne saw Odin swoop on burning wings to snatch up Tobin’s and Terese’s blades, and he thought he saw strands of hair taken from all three fallen women, that glowed like starlight when Odin hurled down three swords, that of Orion, Tobin and Terese, as well as his grandmother’s bow, forming the base of some large structure that glowed with bright Angel-Magic.
He was too far away to save Janeanne and Rievenna before they passed through the Portal-Spell, so he spared this moment to gaze upon what it was Odin was creating. Orion’s and Tobin’s swords formed the sides of the structure, with the bow planted beneath and joining the two. Terese’s blade formed the top of the device, and the three women’s hairs became elongated to become three strings of light.
He realised then what it was, and Odin swooped again to pick up the enchanted device, as he plucked each of the strings, and from each the earth trembled sending vibrations through the fields of demons beyond. Where those waves of sound struck the front lines of demons, those ancient breeds simply vanished in shards of flame.
Then a great roar filled the air, as a lightning storm thudded to earth in a great cluster. There on the field stood the Heroes of Will returned to the Harp of Odin. Hundreds of mounted warriors that glowed like starlight and fire. Wielding all manner of weaponry that blazed with Elemental Magic, they charged the demons head on, blasting flesh and bone to cinders amidst the thunder of hooves and the fierce battle cries of invincible souls.
In those moments as he watched those ethereal beings charge upon the fields, he was suddenly swept down amongst them, and placed on a steed of moonlit frost. At his sides rode Tobin Fire-Heart, Lydia Ever-Light, Orion Demon-Slayer and Elmira Golden-Braid, as well as Terese Sapphire-Sword and his darling grandmother, Isabelle Iron-Bow. He realised then that he was joined with the Harp of Odin, and a Ghost Hero once more. His heart burned in his chest to think that he would not have a chance to save his beautiful Rievenna. It was up to his Father, and Adem Highlander, now.

***

It didn’t take long for Arawn, Math, and Dis Pater to knock the Viking Giant to the ground, punishing him with Angel-Magic as the Odin Storm raged overhead. But as the enormous warrior fell on his back, he reached into a belt pouch to draw forth three shiny discs, casting the Jhin-Taps onto the field as Souljhin appeared by the dozen.
By now, the three pregnant women and Isabelle had all had a dose of both potions, and they were no longer showing pains of labour, but were instead all standing in a circle of four, chanting in Aelfin Song with a Shield-Dome locked down around them, as they unleashed Angel-Magic in bolts and blasts, turning Souljhin armour and flesh to melted slag wherever they struck.
Adem, Carl, Wil, and Pendral formed a similar Shield-Dome, surrounding the four women and themselves further out, as they hurled Spears of Odin, Bolt Rain and Lightning-Pythons at the surging waves of enemies, obliterating dozens of Souljhin in time with every flickering bolt that fell from the night skies. 
Around those circles of defence their Battle Angels tore through Souljhin armour with unrelenting bloodlust and pure Elemental Magic. The Storm of Odin’s Return fuelled their energies to epic proportions, and the enemy were blasted to oblivion in the wake of their wrath.
Adem’s mind was alive with Angel-Magic, a force so powerful he felt like an atomic bomb was exploding within his mind, heart, body, and soul. He unleashed that Angel-Magic in torrents to burn Souljhin to blood and bones, but Jhin-Taps were difficult to destroy even with this much energy. The demon-men continued to appear in waves, and he worried that his Battle Angels may tire before they could destroy the teleportation devices. The Son of Pendral was yet to be born, and so much depended on that, he felt a crushing fear take hold. An alteration of this historical event would spell disaster for the future.

Chapter 23


A Piece of Prophecy

The next morning was grey and cloudy, but the sun still had some warmth despite the snow blanketed fields. Carl had saved them in the end, for although some of those Souljhin that morphed into being carried their own Jhin-Taps to cast onto the field and increase their number, Carl was able to retrieve one of those devices during the battle and alter it to work in their favour.
After taking some time to study the device, he somehow managed to alter its enchantments, with the result that when he cast it back upon the field, all Souljhin were suddenly sucked down into the device like a giant vacuum. 
‘I call it a Jhin-Trap,’ Carl had said with a grin when the battle was done. 
‘Remarkable!’ Pendral had boomed with delight. ‘You are an exceptional Magician, Carl Wilder.’
The next morning, they sat and talked in a space that Pendral had cleared of snow and warmed for the women to sit and eventually give birth to three males. Carl assisted the births, and all were healthy babies. The Odin Storm had subsided with the rising of the sun. There would be hundreds of newborns who would become known as the Second Born Children of Odin as a result of that lightning storm. It was a piece of prophecy.
The women wrapped the baby boys in their cloaks, and Carl and Wil spent some time looking over the other two newborns, as they would now be certain they were the fathers. Adem made his way over to Carl while he spoke with the mother of his son.
‘Did we really make this little one?’ Carl had asked.
‘Sired in the back alley of the Three-Eyed-Cock, no less,’ Ellendriel had replied with a sneaky grin.
Wil made his way over to join them when Carl said it was unfortunate that he did not have anything to give his son as a parting gift. It was then that Adem brought forth his silver cross, and as he handed it to Carl, Wil remarked, ‘Now I know where I’ve seen that before!’
As he told them all of his journey with Shaye Eagle-Soul and Ellagon Elfin-Blood, where Shaye had showed Wil an identical version of that silver cross, they all stared at the newborns again as realisation dawned upon them.
‘Ducharme was very interested in it,’ Adem said. ‘He said he had never heard of Saint Christopher.’
‘That is because I never taught anything about Saint Christopher in my dictations of the Bible,’ Carl replied. He stared in wonder at the child as he said, ‘So, his name is Shaye,’ as he placed the small cross in the care of his mother. ‘Shaye Eagle-Soul is my son.’
‘Which means this is very likely Ellagon,’ Adem remarked as he looked upon the other newborn.
‘It must be!’ Wil exclaimed in astonishment. ‘How horrible to think—’
Adem cleared his throat before Wil could tell of the fate of their sons. Doomed to become victims of possession demons and servants of the High-Jinn.
As the men sat and talked a while longer, the women walked their newborns up onto the hillside, and they were gone from view for a time, when a great rumbling sound approached in the distance. The men were at first unconcerned about what it might be, until all four of them felt their sense of Angel-Magic cut off once again! It was at this point that Isabelle came dashing down the hillside calling for Pendral. All became alert and they soon learnt that the New Order Christians had arrived with some massive device, and they had taken the other three women and their babies as captives.
‘My wife and son!’ Pendral roared with fury, charging up the hillside as they soon realised all of their abilities were again cut off. Adem and Pendral could not summon Odin Wings, or wield their Matter-Manipulation-Power or the Jinn Arts. Without Angel-Magic they could not summon their Battle Angels either. Adem was certain whatever device the Christians had brought with them was responsible.
As they crested the hilltop, he saw a force of several hundred New Order Christians in white-and-gold armour and crimson cloaks flapping in the breeze. Three of the soldiers held blades to the throats of the three captive women, while they still held their newborns in their arms. The babies screamed as the tension built in the air, Adem and Pendral staring daggers at their leader, Commander General Robert Ducharme, riding a tall white stallion towards them at a slow trot. 
He stopped halfway, with the device looming behind. It was a massive shield, formed of three rings, one red, one blue, the outer ring was green, and it looked to be formed of metal similar to toramor armour. Whatever it was, they were helpless in its presence. Adem had already summoned Shienden, and when the massive dragon landed on the hilltop nearby, he saw the confidence leaking out of Ducharme and his men. 
But they were still in a pickle. They couldn’t order Shienden to attempt to melt that shield device without endangering the women, as they also stood before the massive contraption that sat on timber frames and large wheels, pulled by four teams of Clydesdale looking horses. 
Adem did his best to keep Pendral calm, as Ducharme stated his demands.
‘You must surrender, Pendral,’ the man shouted from the saddle, ‘you and your men must give yourselves up, and in return we will set the women and children free.’
‘Black-hearted mongrel!’ Pendral snarled back at him. ‘What reason could you possibly give for this?’
‘We all saw the storm here last night, Pendral,’ the man shouted in reply. ‘Only madmen could have created such a storm. The Schism has you too tightly in its grip. We will arrange a trial, and you and your companions will then be cut off from Angel-Magic permanently. Then you shall all be hanged.’
‘We will have to give ourselves up, for now, Pendral,’ Adem insisted. ‘There is no other option.’
Pendral was fuming at this point, but he agreed. The four men then began to slowly pace towards Ducharme with their hands raised in the air. They were some twenty feet from the horse and rider when a bolt of lightning fell from the skies as the four men dove for cover. That had to be the work of a wielder amongst them, and to have such abilities in the presence of this Spell-Blocker made Adem almost certain it was a High-Servant in disguise.
As they stood to dust themselves off, none of them struck by the bolt of fire, Adem saw the three women fall to their knees, each with their throats slit by the soldiers that had held them captive. They must have panicked when the lightning struck, thinking it was Adem or Pendral who had cast the bolt.
Pendral crossed the distance to Ducharme’s horse in an instant, seizing the man and ripping him free from the saddle. ‘Get the boys!’ Pendral shouted to Adem, Carl and Wil. ‘Do it, now!’ Then he turned upon the army of soldiers with his sword against Ducharme’s throat as he bellowed, ‘One more false move and your lord loses his head!’
Adem, Carl, and Wil collected the newborns, leaving the women who had already choked on their own blood. Carl had checked the women to see if he could save any of them, but they were too late. The babies screamed. There was blood on their cloak wrappings. Adem was nauseas. He felt dizzy. Unstable on his feet. 
The soldiers stood transfixed as they all returned to Pendral’s circle. When they were standing close by, Adem heard him say to Ducharme, ‘Fools like you think you understand power. But you do not. Look!’ He forced the man to turn about face, still on his knees, as Pendral stood with his back to the soldiers. A Shield-Dome sprung up around them, as one of the lieutenants was heard shouting, and three hundred archers launched arrows from bowstrings. Somehow Pendral was still able to wield. Perhaps his rage had allowed him to break through the Spell-Blocker. Or perhaps he had taken another sip of Odin’s Tears while they collected the newborns.
He said, ‘This is the only true power.’ With a snap of his fingers, a brilliant blue, white light encased the army of Christians, blazing pure brightness that appeared for a moment, and when it vanished, the soldiers were reduced to nothing. A crater now stood in the clearing four feet deep, and the Spell-Blocker was now a pool of hissing bubbling magma.
‘What have you done, Pendral?’ Adem asked, aghast. He saw that Pendral had also encased his wife Kassira in a Shield-Sphere that kept her form protected from Pendral’s wrath. He walked towards her fallen body as Ducharme pleaded his case, before Pendral squeezed his fist and the man’s head burst like a crushed grape.
When Pendral returned with his wife in his arms, he looked to Adem with pure hatred as he shouted, ‘I tried to listen to your reasoning, Father!’ Adem felt an immediate stab of guilt. ‘You insisted that we try to spare the lives of these murderous scum,’ he gestured to the crater. ‘And now my wife is dead! Curse you, Father! Curse you for never being there for us! Curse you for failing me, yet again!’
‘Pendral, do not be angry with your Father!’ Isabelle insisted, who was in a state of tears. ‘You know he loves you, my darling. I’m so sorry, for Kassira.’
‘Sorry won’t bring her back!’ Pendral roared in agony. A moment later, a Portal-Spell opened.
‘Where are you going?’ Isabelle cried.
‘To bury my wife!’ Pendral roared. ‘Then I expect I’ll find a better use for myself. Serving someone who believes in preserving the right to wield.’
Adem realised then that this was just history already written. He could see and hear that his son was now truly broken. His spiralling into the madman he had first met years ago was inevitable. His last words were assurance this was the beginning of his joining forces with Rodriel Tarz and the rebel Alit’aren known as the Forsaken.
When the Portal-Spell closed behind him, Carl and Wil fell to their knees and wept. Adem looked down at his grandson, abandoned at birth by a father who no longer had the heart to raise him.

***

Hayley Mijimha watched as the demon forces tore down trees to make rafts for crossing the River Ellenorin. Those enormous goblin breeds simply pushed hundred-year-old oaks and redwoods to the ground, ripping others up from the roots as they began to work at crafting vessels. The river was wide and deep, with a strong current, and it seemed even these monstrous creatures were unwilling to attempt to wade or swim in those waters. That gave her some time to think, and plan ahead.
She had consulted with Serock, the former Vampire-King, about everything he could tell concerning the downfall of the Sons of Odin. The man insisted he had still been a prisoner within Kerak’Otozi during the early years that the Sons began to turn to the Shadow. His account from what he knew was that the Schism of Light and Shadow Magic within teron had eventually been too much for them to withstand. Over time, the Jinn Lord tightened his grip until they became his willing servants.
She was still appalled and in a state of disbelief that her husband had tried to murder her in cold blood. What had happened to poor Wil Martyr to drive him beyond the brink of sanity? How could he become so … Evil?
She allowed a certain number of her forces to take short naps while preparing to hold back the demon army on this side of the river. She had been trained by many tactical minds, and she knew how to divide the hours of night-time into how many troops would need rest, the hours, minutes and seconds broken down to allow all to take shifts of napping while others stood guard. This was a situation of high alert; however, in other circumstances she might have allowed more to leave their post and get some shuteye. But not tonight!
Fatigue would work against her soldiers, and without sufficient breaks to rest and eat this demon army would whittle away their energy reserves. She required a device of unstoppable power, similar to the Heart of Odin, to have any chance of victory.
Other soldiers dug trenches and built up defences while Dark Elves worked at crafting arrows as fast as they could. If they lost the ability to wield Lightning-Arrows, they would have arrows of wood, feather, and steel as a last resort.
As the hours passed by, she sat and had a goblet of goat’s blood to rebuild her own strength and vitality. It was warm and thick, and delicious. Serock sat by her side, eating from the rations of flatbread, cheese, and a few slices of sizzling rabbit meat.
‘I’m sorry about Wil,’ he offered between bites, but by his tone he sounded more like he was saying, “Cold night tonight!”
‘It’s okay,’ she offered after another sip. ‘My husband was lost to me long ago, it seems.’
‘There’s always a chance to turn things around,’ he suggested with a thoughtful expression.
‘Like how?’ she asked.
‘Time travel,’ he said.
‘That’s what got us into this trouble in the first place,’ she replied.
‘Yes, and it might still be the only way to fix it,’ he said with a serious gaze.
She sighed into her cup, draining the last of it and licking her lips. ‘I don’t know if I would want that,’ she said in a soft tone, ‘even if it were possible. Seeing him like that, being attacked by him, it just makes my skin crawl.’
‘He is probably possessed you know?’
‘I know,’ she said, ‘but the Wil Martyr that left me yesterday would have overpowered a legion of possession demons rather than raise a hand against me. Something has torn him apart. I couldn’t even sense that he was here, all of these years. He just … shut himself off from me.’
There was silence for a time, the two of them mulling it over, until Serock asked, ‘Will you kill him if you have to?’
‘I thought I might,’ she said with a narrowed gaze. ‘Then I think perhaps there is still a hope for him. But none for us.’


***

Dohro’Shahl, the possession demon that held the Lord Captain-General Rodriel Tarz as his prisoner and personal puppet, waited patiently when news arrived that the daughter of Adem Highlander and Jean Fairsythe had been captured.
‘Excellent,’ he said in a gravelly tone, ‘bring her to me.’
The guard left the room, and while he waited for Janeanne Highlander’s arrival, there was suddenly a fierce boom, making the walls of the fortress tremble. It was followed by many more thunderous tremors, and he made his way through the nearest hallway to gaze out an arrow-slit window.
There in the courtyard he saw an epic battle taking place. Tarz’s own men fighting one another. It was obviously a revolt! His fingers began to ache to crush the neck of that meddling son of Torin Modrellock. 
Jen Terendel stood at his back, under the control of his fellow demon, Mottur’Ark. 
‘Order those still loyal to me to take no prisoners,’ Dohro’Shahl commanded. ‘Any resistance will be met with crushing force. Let it be known that their Forsaken Ruler will not tolerate insubordination!’ He watched with a cruel smile as thousands of warriors fought and died in blood and fire. The High-Jinn had a purpose for these wretched souls, but Dohro’Shahl did not mind if their numbers were cut down in a civil war. It was the Dawn of the Jinn Lord’s Reign of Anarchy.

***
Elarja RinHannen watched the death of Jean Fairsythe nearly a hundred times over before he knew how to save her. He stood with a raised perspective of the battle where Adem Highlander had vanquished his wife with the Staff of Restoration and Ruination. A powerful relic the man had retrieved many years before during his trial in the Arkendriel.
Elarja had travelled to many alternate futures past this time, and he soon learnt that Adem Highlander would need the return of his wife by his side if there was any hope of maintaining his sanity long term. The only alternative was an unbalance of fate.
When the time to move was right, he created the teleportation technique to land directly behind Jean Fairsythe one fraction of a second before she died. He used Illusion-Magic to keep himself hidden from any witnesses, and moving with the speed of the Second Born Immortals, while freezing time within the sphere where they both stood, he clutched her to his breast, and activated the Time-Stones to transport them both to another Age.
The sphere of light and colour bulged and ruptured, rumbled, flickered, and flared! A moment later they stood in a field on a bright spring afternoon. They had landed under a tall cherry blossom tree, with maple, oak, pine, and redwood trees surrounding the forest clearing where they stood.
He let go of her, and she fell to her knees and gasped. After some tears, she looked up at him and asked, ‘Did he really do it? Did he murder me?’
He gave her a saddened expression as he replied, ‘It will mean that Death will soon be hunting you, Jean. I had intended to send you further back than this time and place. Much further back. There is really only one way I can keep you safe.’
He chuckled at that, reflecting on ancient memories as he continued, saying, ‘Things will get weird from here on in. There is much I need to tell you, but it is dangerous.’
‘Is it about my past?’ she asked with intrigue.
‘And your future,’ he replied. ‘The first time you met me, I had known you before then, another time, another place. I knew it the moment I saw your eyes.’
‘What are you talking about?’
‘Your name, your title, the Daughter of Thor is not just a name. You are in fact, Thor’s daughter. Long ago, Thor, the Son of Odin, made his way to the Earth Realm and brought back a human wife. That woman was your mother.’
‘Impossible!’ Jean exclaimed. ‘My parents are from Los Angeles. I grew up in a small apartment above the bookshop and DVD rental store they owned.’
‘Those were not your real parents,’ he sighed, ‘please, give me a chance to explain.’
‘Go ahead.’
‘When you were born, it was considered your life would be under serious threat. You were born of ancient prophecies, fated to fight beside the Sons of Odin at the Ragnarök Battle. Therefore, I was assigned to transport you from that ancient time, to the not too distant past and teleport you to the Earth Realm, where you were put up for adoption.’
‘I can’t believe this,’ Jean said in a state of shock.
‘Believe it,’ he said, ‘it is plain fact. It was Thor’s Mother who ordered that I take you to Earth. She insisted she would watch over you, though you would rarely have seen her in the same form twice. Loves a disguise the old Frigariel.’ 
‘Anna?’ Jean asked.
‘Perhaps, she would have assisted you and the Sons to enter our world the first time.’
‘What does this mean?’ she asked.
‘It means you hold the true power of the Daughter of Thor,’ Elarja said. ‘The strength of Kismeria flows deep in your veins. You are perhaps the only one strong enough to stand against the Magic of the Sons of Odin. So, perhaps it is not your destiny to fight beside the Sons at Ragnarök, but instead it will be your duty to defeat them.’
They sat in silence as the words hit home, before Elarja said in a soft tone, ‘But there is more. It is perhaps more difficult to explain, this may make your brain go all twisty.’
‘Tell me,’ she urged.
‘I would rather wait to see what unfolds here first.’ He looked around the forest clearing once more, trying to guess exactly where they had landed. In a way the Time-Stones were a kind of compass and also a time-dial. He knew he was in Torvellen county, approximately one thousand years before the First Arrival of the Sons of Odin. ‘Why here?’ he pondered. He also quickly altered his appearance with Illusion-Magic to a different face and clothing.
‘What else were you going to say, Elarja?’ she pleaded. ‘If it concerns my fate, I must know of it.’
‘Know that our story goes back even further than that time when I first held you as a newborn. Time-travel, causal loops, things get all mixed up. Impossible things can occur without a clear explanation.’
‘Tell me!’ she commanded.
‘Perhaps there will be more time,’ he said. ‘More time to tell what needs to be said. You should know that I have always felt great love for you, Jean Fairsythe.’
‘What are you saying?’ Jean asked, sounding scandalized. 
‘Not in that way, forgive me.’ He paused a moment longer when a young male voice called in the distance. His immortal sight clearly marked the boy approaching through the woods. When he recognized that youthful face, he realised he was yet again just a victim of the will of fate. He smiled broadly, waving to the boy as he began to sprint towards them with Aelfin speed.

***
Jean was heartbroken and overwhelmed. She still could not believe Adem had fallen so far. She did not think it possible she could ever forgive him of this. And Elarja telling her that he loved her! How was she supposed to take that? She sat thinking things over when Elarja began to smile and wave to someone in the distance.
‘Who is it?’ she asked in wonder.
‘I’ll save it for a surprise,’ he said with that wide grin.
She did not have his exceptional sight, so she waited for a time, until a young Elf boy came running into the clearing. At a guess she would say he was about twelve years old.
‘Good day, my Lady, my Lord,’ the boy spoke with noble courtesy. ‘What brings you out here in the woods?’
It was then that Jean recognized that handsome face, the long jaw line, dark spiked hair, and jet-black eyes like polished marble.
‘May we first have the pleasure of your name, young lord?’ Jean asked in a teasing tone.
The boy bowed low, holding his cloak out behind him, and flourishing it a little as he replied, ‘My name is Orion, son of Kohdin. Pleased to make your acquaintance!’ 
And indeed, it was, a youthful Orion Demon-Slayer in the flesh.
‘Our Estate is not far from here,’ he said excitedly. ‘Mother and Father would love to meet you both, I’m sure. There is something about you two, it almost feels like I’ve known you before.’
Jean laughed softly before saying, ‘Lead the way, Mighty Orion. It would be my pleasure.’

Chapter 24


A Song of Paradise

Pendral watched as the demon army was washed aside by the dominating force of the Heroes of Will. The riders carved a path through the ranks of giant-sized goblins, obliterating thousands in waves of blood and fire. It was a good omen for the Harp to be restored, though he burned with sorrow that his son had returned to the Realm of the Dead. First his darling Mother, and now his son also. He truly hoped his father had survived somehow.
He considered taking flight to pursue the other Shadow Dragon, though only the Sword of Valour seemed to have any impact against those beasts. He looked to the fields below where the remaining Forsaken were evacuating though Portal-Spells. He would not wreak his vengeance upon them here and now. He would bide his time.
There were none left alive amongst the other Children of Odin and Heroes of Will that had surrounded his half-sister before she was taken captive. The question now was whether to attempt a rescue effort on his own, or to join Hayley Mijimha on the battlefield and attempt to hold back another force of demons.
Odin and Tohka Reiden were now enormous Battle Angels, stomping Rohgorahl and Morhidrahl into dust upon the battlefield. Hurling down lightning fists to blast demon scum to blazing sulphur. Their onslaught, joined with the thunderous hooves of Phantom-Steeds pounding the earth in a rumbling chorus, created a deep buzzing hum in the atmosphere, thunder rolling through the heavens amidst pillars of flame. This battle would soon be over, but there were demon forces massing across the Free Lands, and they could only hope to hold back the hordes at the River Ellenorin, if any. 
From the skies he joined the battle hurling Bolt Rain and Fire Pythons, Spears of Odin and Sabre Tusked Boar charging on the fields that massacred the demon ranks causing chaos and ruin. When the battle was near its end Pendral was gladdened to find that both Reiden and Odin joined with his enchanted blade as Resting Point. It had been long since he was joined with Battle Angels in a cause worth fighting for.

***

Hayley awoke to the sounds of alarm throughout the campsite! ‘Awake! AWAKE!’ her men were screaming. ‘The enemy is upon us!’
Serock was nowhere to be seen. The bastard fled! she thought in irritation.
She took flight to hover above the campsite to gain a better vantage point to view the river. Indeed, somehow the enemy had made it across the river far too quickly. It had only been an hour she had slept at most. How did they make the crossing so swiftly? she wondered.
It was then that a warp of space brought her husband back into view. He hovered in the sky only ten feet away from her position, and instantly he launched those vicious attacks of multiple arrows that simply appeared out of thin air. Her Battle Angels formed Shield-Spheres around her in time. The arrowheads thudded against her vision in transparent flares, sending vibrations across the surface of the sphere.
‘Then let it be done!’ she said with fangs bared, launching into an assault with her blade drawn. Wil’s massive black axe came up in defence, and they engaged in fierce combat as their Battle Angels took form in the skies around them. Lightning and thunder filled the air, electrifying her blood and bones as she hacked and slashed with vehement rage.
She had to end this now! Her warriors below were being massacred by the thousands as they attempted to form Shield-Domes strong enough to withstand a charge by those giant goblin breeds.
Her moment of victory was bittersweet, as she joined her blade with Wil’s breastplate, a few inches below the heart. At the same moment, his axe thudded into her skull, and together they fell from the night sky.
When she woke, her husband had cradled her fall. Her skull was bleeding, and some of his arrows had struck her side, that was also badly wounded. She had a splitting headache, but her focus was on Wil, as she saw that in his last moments his sanity and good nature had returned.
‘Hayley!’ he exclaimed. ‘My darling wife! I’ve missed you terribly.’
‘Tell me how the demons got through,’ she said, ignoring his kind words.
‘Ah, yes!’ he said, reaching into a pouch in his cloak. He drew forth a disc, covered in intricate lines and dials, very minute details on a device no larger than his palm. ‘This is the Rescue Codec,’ he said between breaths. ‘I won it in the Arkendriel, long ago.’ He seemed proud of that memory.
‘What does it do?’ she asked.
‘It can work for good or for evil,’ he replied. ‘But if you set a time, in the past, and choose the side of good, you will bring forth an army of the All-Father from an ancient Age.’
‘And you were using it to bring the demons,’ she said, finding it hard to believe her own words.
‘Hayley, I’m so sorry!’ he shuddered emphatically. ‘I lost touch so long ago. I would never willingly hurt you. I couldn’t come to you, there’s no time to explain … but you must do something for me.’
‘What is it?’ she asked.
‘You must rescue my son,’ he spoke with tears in his eyes.
‘Have I met him?’ she asked when there was so much more she needed to ask.
‘You know him, yes!’ he said. ‘My son is …’ his eyes glazed over as his breathing faltered. She checked for a pulse then closed his eyelids. She would not mourn for this pathetic being. This was not the man she had loved. But in those last moments, he was Wil again! Tears stung her eyes, but she wiped them clear.
This device, she began to try to work out how to use it when she suddenly felt very dizzy. She had lost a lot of blood. She collapsed, staring at the moon and stars as her vision blurred and time seemed to slow.

*** 
Pendral stepped through the Portal-Spell with a host of Dark Elves that had survived the massacre by the Forsaken betrayers. They stood now on the field of battle at the edge of the River Ellenorin. The morning sky was grey white, the bodies of the fallen were crimson blood. Demons ravaged their ranks, smashing and slashing the tiny Elf Kin with their Jinn-Magic hammers and axes. 
His Dark Elf brothers lent aid, striking fast with Lightning-Arrows and Jinn Arts Magic. Pendral searched the battlefield until he saw the woman Hayley lying alone in the field beside a dead Wil Martyr. He stood over the woman wondering if he should save her, given their history, when he sliced his vein on one wrist and cupped the flow of blood with the other hand. That hand he held above her lips and allowed her to drink.
When she was satisfied, he bandaged the wound and she sat upright, returned to full health. ‘Surprisingly, that did not leave a bad taste in my mouth,’ Hayley said, after wiping her lips. ‘Quite tasty, in fact.’ She bared her fangs and said, ‘I will have to remember that next time I am thirsty.’ There was a pause, before she said, ‘Thank you.’
‘You’re welcome,’ he said. 
She then lifted a small device in her right hand, flicking a few levers and dials, then pressed a green button on one side of the palm sized disc.
The next moment a vast explosion of light filled the horizon. They both looked there to see a Portal-Spell opening, this one formed of a white hue, from which poured forth an ancient force of Dragon Riders. Their mounts were of the Heki’Shienden breed that were built somewhat like horses, though they were much larger fully scaled lizards that ran on all fours, with saddles, bridle, and reins. The riders were resplendent in their armour of emerald and gold, or cobalt and ruby, of Torvellen breed that were taller and leaner than the modern-day equivalents, at least a foot taller than Orion or Tobin had been.
Horns sounded from their ranks, trumpets, and drums, as a fierce roar filled the air of thousands of ancient souls summoned by a schism in time. They charged the demon ranks to shatter the enemy lines, thundering across the battlefield unleashing Angel-Spells of Blizzard-Light and Sun-Sabre-Frost. Demon bodies were blasted to shreds by the brilliant bright magic of Lightning-Lances and Incineration-Arrows, cast to the wind in waves of burning dust and splattering black blood.
At the same time, Pendral summoned Odin, who appeared in the sky, ten feet tall, wielding the Harp of Odin to unleash the Heroes of Will once more. Those riders of starlight and ember charged upon the killing fields, blasting demon skulls apart in rain of fire. They joined ranks with the ancient Dragon Riders, and soon the enemy were pushed back to the edges of the river and forced into those dragging currents by the thousands by blasts of molten magnificence. They had saved thousands of villagers nearby, that was certain fact, but how many other demon armies ravaged the lands to the west?

***

Glimmer!
‘What have you learnt from it all?’ The great Earth spirit was asking Adem, clutching him like an acorn in her palms.
‘What?’ Adem asked.
‘What did you learn?’
‘Learn? What do you mean?’
‘Not good enough,’ the elderly voice croaked, as a light encircled Adem in blazing colours.
Glimmer!
Flicker!
Flash!
Flare!
‘What did you learn, Odin Son?’ 
‘Why do you keep asking me that?’ Adem cried, held by Gaia, he was as helpless as a lamb to slaughter. ‘I learnt that…you can’t change the past!’
‘Oh, but you can,’ Gaia replied, hazel eyes turning soft as she gazed down like a caring mother. ‘Tell me something that can’t be changed.’
‘I don’t know.’ Adem spluttered. ‘You can’t change the weather.’
‘Yes, you can!’ The Earth Spirit gave a deep sigh. ‘I grow weary of this game, mortal. Tell me what I need to hear, or I will end it here and now!’
Adem perceived a clear threat in her tone.
‘You can’t mend what is truly broken!’ Adem shouted. ‘So, no matter how much you are hurting, when you’ve broken something that can’t be mended, you can’t take it out on others by hurting them too!’
‘Good answer,’ Gaia smiled with chestnut lips of deep-emerald vines and brown wooden branches. ‘You are free to go.’
Adem stared in wonder at the gracious being, ‘Thank you, Gaia, I won’t forget you!’
‘Just don’t go trying to crack my world like an eggshell,’ Gaia replied with the voice of a soft summer storm. ‘And remember, anyone can change the past. It’s just that most don’t have the strength to know how.’
Adem bowed deeply, feeling teron seep back into his form as he stood with feet planted on a palm of wooden planks the size of an eight-wheel wagon. With a delicate grip of the other hand, she mended the break in the Staff of Rejuvenation and Ruination. Handing it to him with a warm smile. He made a flourishing gesture with the legs of his robe, then formed a Portal-Spell to get out of there as fast as he could jump!
When he returned to the surface on the plateau where he had fought and murdered his wife, the place was deserted. He wondered how much time he had spent there under the earth. Then in a flicker of colour and light, a Portal-Spell opened, and his son Pendral stepped through. He looked weary from battle, but not the madman he had come to fear and despise.
‘You are a little late, Father,’ he said, as Hayley stepped through, and more Portal-Spells opened as Eva’Hahlen began to file out onto the snow-covered plateau by the thousands.
‘What did I miss?’ Adem asked.
‘Everything,’ Hayley replied.
‘But where is Rayne and Isabelle?’ Adem asked, and when his son shook his head with that saddened expression, Adem felt tight pain constricting his chest.
‘Oh God!’ Adem exclaimed. ‘Not again! I can’t lose her again!’
‘It is more serious than just that,’ Pendral said, when Adem looked around expecting to see the former Torvellen and Nordic Kings and Queens.
‘Where is Orion?’ Adem asked, and he was shocked and heartbroken when Pendral silently shook his head once again. ‘How?’ Adem asked.
‘Shadow Dragon,’ Pendral replied. Adem felt that he was about to vomit blood!
‘Tobin, Lydia, Elmira?’ he asked.
‘All fallen in battle,’ Pendral said. ‘They were destroyed by Tarz’s men.’
‘So Tarz has betrayed us?’ Adem asked.
‘Possessed!’ Pendral replied deadpan.
‘Damn it!’ Adem snapped.
‘He took your daughter prisoner,’ Pendral said. ‘The rest were slaughtered.’ He gestured to the ranks of Dark Elves, ‘These are all that remain of our forces. These and a host of Heki’Shienden riding ancients.’
When Adem gaped at the mention of Dragon Riders Hayley said, ‘Long story.’
‘The Children of Odin?’ Adem asked, ‘The Heroes of Will, where are they?’
‘The Harp of Odin has been reforged,’ Pendral said. ‘Odin holds it now, and he is stored in my blade as Resting Point.’
Adem roared with outrage! His heart was pounding in his chest, tight pain that made it difficult to breathe. ‘Where is Elarja?’ he asked finally.
‘I have not seen him since he left with Wil,’ Hayley said.
He took some time to walk up onto the hillside where he could overlook the plateau. All the loss, all the pain, it overwhelmed him to devastation. But he had learnt that losing his temper and punishing the world for his own failures was futile against the Earth Spirit Gaia. So, he crumpled into a pile and wept.
As he sat there, he clutched Jean’s ring on the toramor necklace hanging at his chest. He forced all of his pain and anger into that device, willing it to respond. At some point he felt light enter his chest, healing light that filled him with peace. He looked up, and everyone began to tilt and sway as a transparent bubble formed around him, translucent light as he watched their arrival in reverse, time moving backward. He willed the ring to change the past, praying, and asking God to take him to a time and place where he could fix it. Then the miracle occurred. He watched the snowfall return to the clouds, time moving in reverse, winding back the hands of time.
He saw a host of warriors return to the plateau, watched Isabelle, Lydia, Elmira, Terese and Janeanne cutting their hair to lay on a burial pile that was surely for Jean. Before that he saw arguments between Hayley and the Dark Elves, saw them leave in reverse, but he could not go back any further than this. Each time he punished the ring with spells of teron to attempt to work its magic again, it slowed, like wheel cogs giving up their turning, and time returned to normal. He had seen Jean’s funeral many times over, but each time those time-cogs slipped and wound back into normal motion, he was flung further ahead in time, landing in the middle of Hayley’s argument with the tall Eva’Hahlen once again. He guessed one reason he could not venture back before he had tried to crack the world was partly due to the lessons he had had to learn. He considered that perhaps Gaia was still influencing things to an extent also.
‘Then we must meet them at the river!’ Hayley was shouting. ‘Send one hundred thousand Forsaken to delay the northern forces from reaching the Plains of Haradhel. I will take the remaining Forsaken with the main force of Eva’Hahlen to defend the west side of the River Ellenorin.’
‘And who will lead our people?’ It was the same Dark Elf Adem had seen arguing with Hayley many times over now. ‘The Asgardics were a failure. I will not lead my people to further slaughter at the hands of this feeble mortal!’
‘The Asgardics shall continue,’ Hayley said. ‘The battles have become a war.’
‘The Sons and Daughter are gone from this world!’ The man drove each word through her heart like burning glacier-blades. ‘We will surely perish if we go to war without them! I will take my people deep into the mountain caves where we will wait out the slaughter.’
‘Such cowardice would never earn you the right as champion of the Asgardics, or any competition where I stand as judge. My husband will return!’ Janeanne, Terese, Lydia and Elmira moved to surround her with scalding glares for the provoker. Tobin and Orion stood poised like lions ready to tear out throats with claws of flickering steel.
‘How do you even know that much?’ the aggressor asked. ‘For all you know he was killed in the past and will never return. If he lived as long as his Brothers, he would still be here in this time, like Highlander and Wilder, and so he must be dead!’
‘I am still here!’ Adem shouted down the mountainside, as he began to descend.
All eyes looked up towards him, and he raised his hands out wide as he wielded teron to make his voice reach every one of them. ‘I have suffered since you last saw me. Suffered greatly. I have learnt a lot also. I know now I was a fool to try to break the world. The world is not at fault. I return to you now to lead you, in these battles, that may be known as the Dawn of Ragnarök. I cannot promise victory, but I will die trying to defeat our enemies if that is my fate.’ 
The tall Dark Elf that had opposed Hayley raised a fist to the sky, a gleam of compassion in his jet-black eyes. ‘Well met, Adem Highlander. I dare not ask what you have endured since we last saw you. But you make a fine bargain. To fight with honour on the side of good, in the Battle of Ragnarök to save Kismeria. I will follow you.’
‘I know my friends, and family,’ Adem began, ‘would look upon me now and see only the Monster that had murdered his own wife. But I have been paying a penance for that sin for many years now. I have asked God to help me fix the problems I faced, and I see now that He has given me a second chance.’
He made his way down to stand amongst his people. Orion and Tobin were there, Pendral, Lydia, Elmira, Isabelle, Terese and Janeanne. Rayne was there, with his darling Rievenna. He could change history now. There was a chance to save them all.
But first, he had to say a fitting farewell to his dearly departed wife. The funeral for Jean he had watched had been beautiful, but he would make it even better. After more songs of woe, and a display of coloured lights filling the sky, he wielded his Matter-Manipulation to create a statue of Jean, in the image of her he remembered. It was a perfect liking of course, but the magic was more at work there. It stood ten feet tall, formed of pure obsidian, and he was able to make it permanent, due to a memory of watching Carl when he first created Shienden. He did not think he would be able to do the same with a living creature, but this stone he was able to solidify with a strength beyond toramor.
At the base he placed a plaque, with the inscription:
The Love of my Life,
She Died for Love,
Struck Down by the Hand that Loved Her.
Everything Jean Did was For Love,
And so, she will be Remembered with a Deep and Endless Love. 
Isabelle moved up beside him to ask, ‘Will you make a fine statue of me, when I go?’
Adem put an arm around her to reply, ‘If I have my way, I won’t let you go.’
Tarz was there also, though Adem had stilled his temper for now. They had all been victims of possession demons at some point, Pendral, Adem, Carl, and Wil, and now Tarz also. He would not murder Rodriel Tarz for crimes he was yet to commit. But they would need to have a long talk.


Chapter 25



A Sliver of Time

Jean and Elarja followed the young Orion Demon-Slayer through the forest towards his home. Elarja had changed his face and clothing with Illusion-Magic a few moments before he first spotted the boy, and they both hoped Orion had not spied him before then. He seemed to trust them both, which was a positive sign. Elarja could not risk Orion’s parents recognizing the true Elven King at this point in time. He appeared to be a tan skinned Torvellen with light grey eyes and dark brown hair, wearing a simple tunic and armour of brown and grey leathers. There was no insignia on his breastplate either.
When they reached the forest’s edge, they entered a meadow, then after climbing a small hillside, they found the manor house situated in a small valley surrounded by maple and oak trees. It took about an hour to walk there, and Jean looked across the grounds to get her bearings. There was a large stable, fields and orchards further north, and some farm animals including wandering chickens and ducks, and a large sow and boar in a pen with a litter of piglets.
There were men tending the animals and working in the stables, but otherwise the place seemed quite isolated. A plough sat nearby hitched to two oxen, but the men appeared to be unhitching the harnesses. It was early afternoon, the sun making its way towards the horizon in warm orange and gold. The sky was bright blue above, with blazing white clouds hovering to the east.
Kohdin, Orion’s Father, greeted them with a smile and a short bow. He patted Orion on the head as he remarked, ‘My boy has made some new friends I see,’ Orion looked up at Kohdin with a grin. ‘What are your names, may I ask?’
‘This is Jean,’ Orion said.
 ‘I was asking them, son,’ Kohdin replied. ‘Jean, how lovely to meet you. And what is your name traveller?’
‘I am called Romak,’ Elarja said, reaching out a hand to shake Kohdin’s. ‘I serve the Lady Jean as her Aldebrand.’
‘And what brings you out to our neck of the woods?’ Kohdin asked with a look that suggested he was not quite convinced.
‘We are a little lost, to be honest,’ Jean put in quickly. ‘We don’t often travel these lands.’
‘And what direction were you going?’ Kohdin asked, looking a little agitated. 
‘East,’ Elarja said. ‘Towards Fal’Alamon.’
‘Of course,’ Kohdin said, ‘where Rune Talar is King.’
‘Rune Talar was King of Breascottvale the last I heard,’ Elarja said. Jean was glad the man had taken over with the compound lies. This was making her nervous.
‘Of course,’ Kohdin said, ‘I meant King Ballinger,’ at this point he stroked his thick greying moustache. Though I can’t recall if he is King Marek Ballinger the Second or the Third.’
‘King Tor’Marek Ballinger the Fourth,’ Elarja corrected with a calm expression. Jean hoped he was right.
‘Orion, my boy,’ Kohdin began, staring Elarja down like a lone wolf, ‘run inside and tell your Mother we have some guests for dinner this evening.’
‘We would not wish to impose on you,’ Elarja started, before Kohdin asked, ‘Do you always speak for your Lady Ael Tarael?’
‘We would be delighted,’ Jean said breathily. ‘I’m very fond of your boy, Kohdin. I foresee great things for him.’
At this remark Kohdin beamed with amusement. ‘Perhaps you are right, Lady Jean. I do hope so.’ Then his expression grew dark. ‘Now that we are alone, you can tell me who you really are.’
‘What do you mean?’ Elarja asked.
‘You were correct about Rune Talar,’ Kohdin said with a grimace. ‘However, you seem to be about three hundred years behind the times regarding the Kings of Fal’Alamon. The ruler’s name is Carilyon Ballinger. Queen Carilyon.’ His gaze was filled with a dangerous threat. ‘Now tell me the truth or I will have my men beat it out of you.’
‘He is Elarja RinHannen,’ Jean said in a rush. ‘But you cannot tell Orion. You see, we know him. Or we will know him when he is older.’
All the tension seemed to drain out of him, as he regained composure. ‘Most would not believe you,’ he said. ‘But I do. May I see your true face my King?’
Elarja revealed his true face and form, in brilliant emerald and golden armour and a dark green coat with thick sleeves buttoned back in burning crimson. Orion was inside the house now, and hopefully was not peeking out the window at the time. It was only for a few moments, as Kohdin stared in amazement, then suddenly the man began to kneel.
‘Forgive me, Lord Elarja,’ he stammered. ‘I had presumed, I had hoped … but never would I have believed it possible before this day!’
‘Please rise,’ Elarja said, sounding annoyed.
When Kohdin looked up, still on bended knee, his gaze was pleading when he asked, ‘Why will you not lead us? We are desperate for a King that will make a difference in the Endless War.’
‘I have duties above and beyond sitting on a throne and barking orders,’ Elarja said, and this time he really sounded upset. ‘Get up, man! Before the boy sees you. He cannot know my identity.’
‘The truth is that I dreamt of this,’ Kohdin stammered. ‘Only last night. I dreamed that two visitors would arrive with your exact faces. And when I questioned you, I saw the man Romak’s face change to that of the son of Rodin Cloud-Walker. Did I believe it was a premonition? No! But when I saw you both approaching with the boy, I knew something was very wrong.’
Jean breathed the words, ‘The Rift.’
Kohdin turned to Jean to ask, ‘So, what is your story?’
‘I am Jean Fairsythe,’ she said with pride. ‘Daughter of Thor.’ The man’s jaw looked ready to hit the floor.
‘Impossible!’ he said in disbelief. ‘Why are you here? Now? You are not destined to arrive here for another thousand years or more.’
‘Like I said,’ Jean replied, ‘we got a little lost.’
‘Can I ask what day it is?’ Elarja asked. ‘The exact date.’
‘Freyaday the thirteenth,’ Kohdin replied. ‘The month is Sovereign.’
‘And the boy is in his twelfth year?’ Elarja asked.
‘Why do you ask?’ Kohdin asked.
Jean looked to Elarja to ask also, ‘Yes, why Elarja? What is it?’
Elarja looked quite saddened, then he hardened his expression and replied, ‘It is nothing. Nothing we can change at least. Shall we prepare for supper? I would be delighted to meet your lovely wife, Kohdin Grey-Master.’
‘When I tell her your true identity she will likely start giggling like a schoolgirl,’ Kohdin said with that warm smile. ‘It would be the very highest of honours to serve you with our humble room and board, Great One.’

***

When Orion had finished helping his Mother prepare dinner and he had set the table with extra places for Romak and Jean, he made his way out onto the front porch. His Father sat in his old rocking chair, smoking his pipe with a mug of apple cider by his side. Orion sat on the smaller chair next to him and reached for his golden flute and began to play a merry tune. His Father slapped his thigh and stomped a foot against the deck in rhythm with the melody.
‘It is always peaceful to hear you play, my boy,’ Kohdin said with a sad smile.
He stopped playing to look up at his Father. ‘What’s wrong, mon pater?’ he asked.
‘Nothing boy, just, idle thoughts,’ Kohdin said with a sigh. Then he reached for something wrapped and leaning against the side of the red brick wall. He unwrapped the long object to draw forth a beautiful sword in a scabbard of glistening gold. ‘This is Little Tiger,’ his Father said, unsheathing the blade to reveal a brilliant golden shine that emanated rather than just reflected. Orion guessed it was enchanted, just like his Father’s own blade, Tigerclaw.
‘Is it for me, Father?’ he asked with delight.
‘It is yours for now,’ Kohdin said, as he sheathed the blade and handed it over.
‘It is heavy,’ Orion said, drawing the blade and feeling its balance with one hand.
‘It will get lighter as you grow, son,’ Kohdin said. ‘You have trained well with practice swords, now it is time to learn to wield real steel.’
‘Oh, thank you, Father!’ he yelped, placing the blade and scabbard on the deck, and leaping up to hug his Father still sitting in his chair. Kohdin hugged him back and chuckled deeply.
‘One day you will wield the real Tigerclaw,’ Kohdin said, at which point Orion moved away and crossed his arms with a scowl to ask, ‘What will you use if I have Tigerclaw?’
‘Never mind boy,’ he said with a shrug, ‘that day may be long off from now.’
‘Father I couldn’t bear to lose you or Mother!’ he hugged him again as tears stung his eyes. ‘I will grow big and strong so I can always protect the both of you!’
‘Strong you will grow, indeed,’ Kohdin said. ‘Do not show tears, boy. You are nearing manhood. You must show the proper behaviours expected of a man.’
‘I’m sorry, Father,’ he said, wiping his tears. 
‘Good boy, Orion. You are a very dutiful son, with a good heart. Whatever woman steals your heart will have made the right choice.’
‘I’ll never marry, Father,’ Orion said in a stubborn tone. ‘I’ll stay here and look after you and Mother forever.’
‘That’s silly talk, Orion,’ Kohdin said, raising a hand to wipe at a tear falling from Orion’s cheek. ‘Your Mother and I will be just fine. You will have to make a life of your own, soon enough. Why, soon you will be leaving for the Academy. Remember to stick to the books as much as your swordsmanship. And listen to your Lecturers. It takes great minds to build a great mind.’
‘Yes, Father,’ he said, raising a hand to salute.
‘Good boy, now run along and wash up. It’s nearly time for supper.’

*** 

After a satisfying dinner, Jean and Elarja sat and listened to Orion play the flute for a time. He was quite talented for his age. But then Kohdin beckoned his wife, Ellenszibeth, to sing, while he played the violin for their honoured guests. ‘This one is called the Eternal Beckoning,’ Kohdin said to Jean with a wink. Elarja groaned a little. It was obviously devised by Kohdin and his wife to inspire Elarja to take up his rightful place as King of the Elves.
And it was stunning! The violin took Jean on a journey of wonderous adventure. Emotions were stirred as Ellenszibeth’s song sent chills up across her skull and throughout her every fibre. It was a heartbreaking lamentation. Jean was in tears by the end, and partway through, as Orion sat and gazed at his parents as the adoring son.
Elarja was clearly moved by the performance, and he clapped loudly and made a standing ovation at the end, calling for an encore, at which point Kohdin remarked, ‘I would play something merrier, but I fear it would take away the pain we have all just endured.’
‘I understand then,’ Elarja said, and a knowing look passed between them. ‘Lady Ellenszibeth,  you broke my heart a thousand times or more with tears of joy and sorrow. There is enough power in your voice to make the Devil Weep.’
Ellenszibeth smiled in gratitude and gave a deep curtsy. ‘You honour us greatly,’ was all she said in reply. A beautiful Torvellen Lady with rich raven locks, glowing tan skin and eyes like dark starlight. She wore an emerald gown that was clearly dug up out of the chests to dress up for their honoured guests. Kohdin had also changed into finer clothing this evening, in a navy-blue coat with crimson sleeves pulled back showing silver dragons. He was not the spitting image of Orion as a man, but his weathered and greying visage bore a strong resemblance.
Jean just couldn’t shake the feeling something was up with Elarja. His mood was … troubled. What did he know that he was not saying? What secrets is he keeping from us? she thought with a frown.

*** 

That night, as Elarja sat on the porch smoking a pipe and enjoying some cider, Kohdin shared with him the rest of the dream he had had the night before.
‘I already know what is going to happen next,’ the man said. ‘My men are ready. All that matters is that the boy survives.’
‘I wish there were more I could do for you both,’ Elarja said.
‘I understand what it would mean to try to save us,’ Kohdin said. ‘I want the boy to accept fate and move on with his life.’
‘I’m sorry,’ Elarja offered.
‘Forget it,’ Kohdin said. ‘Have you informed Lady Jean?’
‘She is ready,’ Elarja replied.
They sat in silence for a time, until Kohdin reached for his sword, drawing Tigerclaw as it glowed pure golden in the darkness. It was then that the shouting started.
‘AWAKE!’ one man cried.
‘Demons on the field!’ another roared.
‘See that the boy is kept safe,’ Kohdin said, then he was dashing onto the fields where Boli-Kuldr began to emerge by the dozen. He was lightning fast in his sword forms, slashing and hacking through foes with deadly precision.
Elarja entered the house and barred the door. He could lend what aid they needed, but he knew the Angel of Death would simply cut them down as soon as the battle was ended. This was all history already written. He could do nothing but save Orion.
Ellenszibeth and Orion were soon downstairs, followed shortly after by Jean, strapping her bow to her shoulders and drawing her blade. ‘How many are out there?’ Jean asked.
‘Too many,’ Elarja said. ‘We wait here.’
Sounds of battle surrounded the manor house, striking of steel, animal grunts of demons dying. Perhaps if they had a few more men with them, Elarja thought.
Moments later there was a heavy thudding on the front door. The hinges snapped off the brick wall, and the door landed with a heavy rumble. Three Boli-Kuldr stormed the room, but Elarja cut them down in an instant. Using the Time Stones to slow their speed while fighting with the strength and speed of the Second Born. They collapsed at his feet.
‘We have to try to get away,’ Elarja said.
‘I’m not leaving Mother!’ Orion shouted.
‘We can all leave together,’ Jean said.
‘I’m afraid that is impossible,’ Elarja said, giving her a meaningful glare.
‘I won’t go!’ Orion shouted with arms crossed. He wore Little Tiger strapped to his sword belt still sheathed.
‘You must go,’ his mother commanded. ‘We will catch up.’
‘No!’ Orion roared. ‘I won’t go!’
Ellenszibeth also carried a Lukrorian Bow of bright jade. She wielded the bow to draw an arrow of perfect emerald light as she said, ‘You will go! Now! I will be right behind you.’
Orion took Jean’s hand, wiping tears from his eyes as they left through the front door. The way was clear for now, but the sounds of battle were close. The stables were on fire, carrying a foul smoke in their direction.
‘Quickly!’ Elarja commanded. They left the front porch and were crossing the field when the roar of demons sounded all around. Jean wielded a ball of fire to mark their positions, there were dozens on all sides. Ellenszibeth was further behind, and she began to fire Lightning-Arrows to blast through demon breastplates. There were too many for a chance to escape, and so Elarja called to Jean, ‘Battle Angels! Now!’
Tanriel appeared in the skies as lightning bolts plummeted from all sides. Flame Spears punched through armour and skulls as bodies collapsed into piles of burning bones. A moment later Elarja heard Orion’s mother scream. They turned to see a Boli-Kuldr standing over her with his mallet falling to crush her skull. Orion screamed in outrage. He broke free from Jean’s grip and charged the demon with Little Tiger drawn.
The demon hardly saw the boy before his blade plunged into the creature’s chest. As the monster fell, Orion stood over him to plant the sword through his eye-socket. More demons swarmed around him, but he fought like the warrior he would grow to become, dodging falling hammers and scythes as he hacked at thighs and drove the blade through the stomach of another. He roared like a madman, but he was just a boy of twelve. Even Elarja felt emotion when witnessing such a tragedy.
A moment later the boy took off with Aelfin speed. Elarja knew he would try to save his father. They gave chase, and when they rounded the burning stables, there stood a demon horde, around Kohdin Grey-Master fallen to his knees. A Souljhin stood before him, blade raised, when Tanriel’s Spears took down every demon in a blaze of crimson. As demon skeletons collapsed in piles, Orion ran to his father’s side.
Elarja heard Kohdin’s words, ‘Take Tigerclaw, my son. It is yours now.’
A moment later the man collapsed face down in his own blood. His men were scattered across the field, bleeding or dead.
‘We have to leave!’ Elarja shouted to Jean, as she ran to Orion’s side.
Elarja watched them there a moment, when he saw a shadow forming above them like a cloud of smoke. He knew it was Calliach. The Angel of Death had come for Jean.
Elarja had only one option, so he created a Time Spell, formed around both Jean and Orion. It would take them to the only man that could protect Jean from Calliach. It was another part of history that Elarja had not fully understood until now. As the Time Sphere bulged and flared with coloured light, he saw Calliach’s scythe blade fall a second too late. When they were gone, Elarja created his own Time Sphere, and exited the field with a rumble like thunder.

***

Jean watched the Time Sphere surround her, as she looked over her shoulder to see the Angel of Death swinging his crimson scythe to take her life. As thunder and light surrounded both her and Orion, a moment later they were standing on a plateau of blue crystal that rose in tall shards all around them. The stone was dark blue, though it emanated a clear aqua light. She felt great Angel-Magic from those structures, that looked like jagged teeth rising from the earth, that was also formed of the same crystalline structures.
There were Great Trees in the distance, a forest of light in a deeper valley that could be viewed from the edges of the plateau. Orion was in tears, and she held him tightly as he trembled with emotion. ‘I’m here, Orion,’ she said in a gentle voice. ‘I will protect you.’
He pulled away from her, his expression enraged as he asked, ‘Why didn’t you help them?’
‘I couldn’t,’ she said. ‘My friend, his business is … complicated. Suffice it to say it was something that could not be changed.’
‘I hate that Romak!’ Orion shouted. ‘The next time I see him I’ll drive my sword through his heart!’
‘He saved us both, Orion,’ Jean said. ‘That is the best he could do. I’m sorry I can’t explain the rest right now. You’re in shock. You need to calm down.’
‘My Mother and Father are dead because of him!’ Orion roared. ‘Why would he save me and not them?’
‘Because you are very important,’ Jean said. ‘One day, you will change the world.’
He stared up at her with a scalding glare, ‘Impossible,’ he said.
‘You will see,’ was all Jean could manage.
Then a tall man was seen striding towards them through the columns of crystal. He was clean shaven with dark spiked hair and glistening black orbs. When Orion saw him, he clutched to Jean once again, staring the stranger down as he approached.
‘What miracle is this?’ the man asked. It was then that Jean recognized the man, though he was much younger than she had ever seen him before.
The next instant a tall shadow loomed above them, and she turned to see Calliach staring from his hooded cloak with a skull of white bone and pitch-black eye-sockets. The scythe was raised to strike, when a brilliant flare of blue, white light struck the heart of the Angel of Death. A hissed scream tore the air, before Calliach vanished in a warp of space.
‘I am Jean, and this is Orion,’ Jean said to the man, when they could breathe again. ‘Who are you?’ But she already knew. Staring at that strong angular jaw and chiselled cheekbones, pointed black brows and Elf ears, it could be none other than a youthful Rodin Cloud-Walker.
What strange adventures I find myself on these days, she thought with a small grin. 
Rodin stepped forward to bend the knee, as he placed down his spear of blue crystal at his feet. ‘I am Rodin,’ he said. ‘You are mortal,’ he said to Jean, ‘so you are not from our time.’
‘Elarja sent us,’ Jean said. ‘Do you know him?’ Orion looked up at her in puzzlement.
‘Elarja!’ Rodin boomed. ‘Yes, my first-born son. He visits me here from time to time, he taught us your language. But the strange thing is, he has not even been born yet. A furious mind-muddle time travel can be.’
‘Romak was Elarja RinHannen?’ Orion asked in disbelief. Jean looked down and nodded with a sad expression. ‘Then I understand,’ Orion said in a soft tone.
At that moment, a heavenly chorus started up in the valley below, thousands of male and female Elves singing in Ancient Nordic Tongue in voices that stirred deep emotions of sorrow and bliss. 
‘You are just in time for the Singing,’ Rodin said with a grin, at which point Orion broke away from her, making his way to the edge of the plateau. He sat there with crossed legs, staring into the valley with palms in prayer position. Then he began to wield lightning from his fists, that rose up into the starlit sky in tendrils of blue fire. At that point, the chorus altered, as if they could sense the heartache of the child.
‘What is he doing?’ Jean asked Rodin.
‘He is meditating on the Singing,’ Rodin said. ‘He is growing in mind and spirit.’
Then the man looked upon Jean with great admiration as he said, ‘Never before have I seen a woman as beautiful as you, Lady Jean. Elizaren has spoken words of love to me time and time again, but I have not felt she is the one. But when I look at you, it is as if destiny has brought you to me.’ Jean began to blush. 
‘Might I ask,’ Rodin continued, ‘if you are spoken for?’
‘I was,’ Jean said slowly, ‘but now I’m free.’ To which Rodin appeared extremely chuffed.
‘But this is wonderful!’ he boomed. ‘Lady Jean, it would be a great honour of mine if you and the boy would be my guests for as long as you can stay.’
‘I’m not sure how long that will be,’ Jean said, suddenly feeling quite stranded.
‘Forgive me for saying so,’ Rodin continued, ‘but never in my life has a woman touched my soul the way you do, Lady Jean.’
‘Please, just Jean,’ she said with a sheepish grin.
‘If you wish it,’ he said, taking her hand as they, both stood to make their way towards the edge of the plateau. There Jean could see the thousands of First-Born Immortals that filled the valley below, their heavenly symphony carried on the air like waves of blazing Angel-Magic.
Orion appeared to be in a sort of trance when she looked at his face. His eyes were large and illuminated by the lightning that charged from his fingertips into the clouds above. Tears of a broken-hearted child. She realised then that this must be where Orion gained his True Magic. These were the Ancient Elf Blood, the first of their kind with raw Elemental Magic flowing through their blood and bones. He was growing. And she would too.
 
The End of the Fifth Book of the Sons of Odin



Glossary

Ael Tarael: Female wielders of the Lord’s Power, Ael Tarael are the most highly trained of these female wielders, both mortal and immortal. They are often trailed by Aldebrands who serve as bodyguards. They are usually dressed in fine bright silk dresses and woollen or velvet cloaks, with jewels on their ringed fingers and necklaces. Female wielders are more often strongest in Angel-Magics of Air and Water.
Aldebrand: Title given to the bodyguards who serve to protect rulers, wielders and the Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor. Bonded to Angel-Magics of the land of Kismeria, these warriors receive what is known as the gift that fortifies their strength and endurance, making them able to fight longer than men without the gift. They usually carry a longsword and quiver on each hip and a Lukrorian Bow slanted in a case over their backs. Most also wear the Aldebrand cloak of shadows that can blend with their surroundings through the will of the wearer. 
Alit’aren: Male wielders of the Lord’s Power, both mortal and immortal, they are the most skilled and highly trained of all male wielders in Kismeria. These men are doomed to become mad or evil from the taint on the male half of Angel-Magic. Most often garbed in high collared black coats of wool or silk, dark trousers and black or brown leather knee-high boots. Full Alit’aren wear the sigils of the Sons of Odin on their collars, the Wolf, the Lion, and the Dragon. Male wielders are usually stronger in Angel-Magics of Earth and Fire.
Annan Lior: Also known as Manannan Mac Lir, a male Battle Angel who wields three swords, Storm Fury, Fire Rage, and Star Fury. Each blade aids the Great Angel to create a different form of Elemental Magic; Fire Rage, for example can summon Charging Bulls of orange flame to fall from the heavens.
Anwen: One of Jean Fairsythe’s Battle Angels, Anwen wields a tree branch that she uses to unleash birds of fire that attack her enemies, hawks, eagles, and falcons. Anwen is a Middle- Realm Angel, bound to the earth and trees. Her Resting Point is Jean’s blue sword.

Arawn: Battle Angel of Adem Highlander, and Great Angel of the Low Realm, or the Underworld. He unleashes Fire Lions in battle. His abilities are fuelled by ki’mera orbs obtained from defeated demons. A spectre of dark shadows with a silver skull mask and gauntlets worked with dark runes, eyes of yellow-orange flame. He wields a sword of crimson fire with a long steel hilt. 

Archer: Immortal warriors who have attained the title of Agnar, usually found amongst the Dremelden clans though there are Archers amongst all four immortal clans. They usually have a title that combines their clan name such as Reaven Archer, these warriors can be skilled in many types of weapons and most often serve as bodyguards similar to the Aldebrands. 
Balor: Formerly one of Adem Highlander’s Battle Angels, he wielded an axe of blue fire and summoned a giant spirit wolf named Shadowhunter. He was ten feet tall with a white beard and shining blue armour. The Sons of Odin and Daughter of Thor return to Kismeria to learn that Balor has become corrupted by the Jinn-Lord and now serves the Shadow.

Boli-Kuldr: Ram or bull skulled demons, half man, half animal, these creatures can stand from eight to ten feet tall, usually in dark armour with shaggy thighs and hooves for feet, ram or bull horns with eyes of fierce rage. Most are armed with dark tridents, spears, or scythe shaped blades. Boli-Kuldr will often cook a human in a large pot before eating. The Boli-Kuldr Wars were during an ancient Age when massive hordes of these demons invaded the Free Lands, massacring and creating chaos. 
Chameleon Arch: Archways made with the Lord’s Power, one for male wielders and one for female wielders. These portals to an alternate dimension were created as a test for the Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor, though they have served as the final test for male and female wielders before they are named Alit’aren and Ael Tarael.
Children of Odin: There are two types of these peoples, that are not a race or a clan, but a breed of wielders both male and female, born on two nights throughout history, the First Generation of Odin being born on the same night as Pendral Dragon-Sword, the Second Generation being born on the night of the birth of Pendral’s son, Rayne Dragon-Sword, these two men being the son and grandson of Adem Highlander, Pendral being the son of Isabelle, the Ruhalden Princess. Children of Odin were gifted exceptional strength in Angel-Magic, and in some cases other unique abilities, due to the great lightning storm on the night of their birth, the First being the night of Odin’s Awakening; the Second Generation born during the storm of Odin’s Return. Strangely, this Power of Odin that generates the gifts of the Children, allow these wielders to continue to harness and use teron or terael even during the days when wielding of Angel-Magic becomes unobtainable throughout the Free Lands. The Children of Odin are able to use a pure form of Angel-Magic; that does not contain the taint on teron or the corruption on terael; however, this rule does not apply for Pendral or his son Rayne, as they are born of the lineage of Adem Highlander, and his curse is continued through them from birth. Therefore, nearly all Children of Odin except for Pendral and Rayne, are not susceptible to the corruption and threat of madness that plagues both halves of Angel-Magic. The restriction they face is that because of this pure form they wield, most of the Children, except Pendral and Rayne, are unable to wield Jinn-Magic and perform techniques such as demon mind control. There are hundreds of Children of Odin throughout the Free Lands from the First and Second Generation, and most are arguably the most powerful wielders of the Age of Chaos.
Dark Elves: Eva’Hahlen in the Nordic Tongue, these immortals are descended from the Dremelden Clans of Wood Kin, Archers and Aldebrands. Through studies of the Dark Arts and by wielding Jinn-Magic, a corrupt form of Power associated with the Jinn-Lord and his Generals, the Eva’Hahlen became altered in their minds and behaviours, changing also in appearance as a race, mostly tan skinned though sometimes also pale of complexion due to their lineage stretching back to the First Nordics, the Dark Elves are usually dark haired with fierce dark eyes that crackle with the menace of corruption over their very souls. They are mostly a hostile war like people, though over time they have become nomadic tribes seeking peace throughout the Free Lands as they trade and barter for animal stock, grain and other goods including weaponry, armour, clothing, and tools. They rarely settle in one place long enough to establish farming communities, and they resort to Jinn-Magic combined with ancient Wood Elf Lore to foster swift growth of crops in times of need, often even growing huge fields of wheat or corn that pushes up through the winter snows. Most often Dark Elves are garbed in the torin’sidhe camouflaged boots, coats and trousers with the enchanted shadow cloaks known as Aldebrand cloaks. They are expert hunters and trackers due to their ancient Lore, as well as perhaps the finest Archers in the land, though they are also significantly powerful at wielding Jinn-Magic as a weapon against their enemies, the study which brought about their separation from the Dremelden Clan.
Dremelden: Forest Immortals, strong in Angel-Magics of Earth and Fire. They are kin to the Great Angels of Light, Fire, Trees, Wood, Earth, and Water. They are usually garbed in greens and browns for camouflage in their forest dwellings; this forest garb is known as the torin’sidhe. They usually carried Lukrorian Bows that unleashed flaming arrows in the days before the Age of Chaos, though the bows are still used throughout this Age to fire arrows of Angel-Magic and Jinn-Magic as most races and nations have rebelled against the old decrees of the Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor. Dremelden are less likely to wield the Dark Arts up until the last three years of history before the Second Arrival of the Sons and Daughter.
Druantia: Queen of the Druids, Wife to the Green Man, she symbolises fertility, growth, trees, and forests. Her feast is Bellatanus. Great Angel of summer and spring, she becomes one of Jean Fairsythe’s Battle Angels. Druantia can create giant soldiers that grow from the earth, creatures of wood and vine and leaf known as the Green Men. Druantia herself appears as a being of blue-green light in a shimmering gown with eyes of black seeds and hair of black fire. Druantia later became the Battle Angel of Hayley Martyr, and Hayley’s vampire curse was passed on to Druantia and all female Great Angels, corrupting terael to bring about the discovery of the Dark Arts.
Eledisren: Wil Martyr’s Battle Angel, also known as Dis Pater. Once he was a ten feet tall figure of shadows with a silver monkey skulled necklace and dark plated armour; wielding a giant axe of golden light and unleashes a murder of crows with eyes and wing tips of flame. Long dark locks and pale skin with dark eyes filled with either sadness or hatred. The Battle Angels have diminished in size and Power during the last thousand years, and Adem Highlander soon discovers this theft of their magic by the Jinn-Lord, is slowly turning all Great Angels into nearly mortal beings.
Enserah: Daughter of Wil Martyr and Hayley Martyr. Born with greater abilities than most vampires, Enserah appears otherwise untouched by the curse, and can consume normal animal, mineral and vegetable matter. The woman is also gifted the ability of flight, a power most Nightwalkers can only achieve after feasting on human blood.
Epona: Female Battle Angel, Horse Maiden, golden hair, and blue eyes of flame, often seen in armour of emerald shining light. Epona can summon a herd of Spirit Horses to fight at her side, enchanted beings of light and magic that can stomp demons in a stampede.
Gyffes, Llew Llaw: One of Adem Highlander’s Battle Angels. Twelve feet tall, a horned helmet and golden scaled armour, his hair is long blue fire and he wields a great blue sword. He is also able to unleash a pack of savage Spirit Wolves to join him in combat.
Gwydion: Male Battle Angel, first to be released from the confines of a Resting Point in the Age of Chaos, also known as the Age of Arrival of the Sons of Odin and Daughter of Thor. Gwydion appears most often in the form of an old man, white bearded with a gnarled wooden staff and blue robes and pointed hat. The Lightning Angel, also known as the Magician God, was often mistaken for Odin in ancient times when Battle Angels were all free from Resting Points, and were summoned from a bolt of lightning, a storm wind, a grass fire, a river or forest, etc, through prayer and worship. 
Jacoulra: Cousins to the Nymloc, these larger demons are bulkier in build with large torso and thick limbs. They often vary in eye colour from emerald, to crimson, to golden, to aqua to mauve. Some can wield fire and red lightning for elemental attacks. Most often ram skulled with curved ram or bull horns; they are black scaled with an appearance of tar like skin. Some stand up to ten feet tall and all are more difficult to defeat than a common Nymloc. 
Ki’mera: Orbs of coloured light that are the spiritual powers of demons released after death. These orbs fuel the Battle Angels, as well as wielders to enhance their powers and abilities. See also: Resting Point.

Lukrorian Bow: An enchanted bow crafted with the Lord’s Power, sometimes combining both teron and terael or otherwise only one half of Angel-Magic. The stone like surface appears to be marble though it is a binding of wood and a flexible marble like structure that coats the bow to protect the wood from the fire of the arrows of flame that are wielded with these enchanted weapons. Similar to the Hyperion Bow of mythologies from Earth’s history, the arrows of fire are wielded through a crystal or jewel encased in a ring of gold that is attached to the string of the bow. 
Maeve: Female Battle Angel, also known as Queen Maeve of the Faerie Realm, or the Witch Goddess. Maeve appears as a slight yet curvaceous and beautiful woman, dark eyes, ruby red lips, hair of white fire and a gown of silver light. Maeve has many Elemental Powers including control over many of the elemental creatures of Faerie. She is also known for an insatiable appetite for male company.
Mathonwy, Math: Battle Angel to Carl Wilder and Great Angel of the Low Realm. He wields the Hellhound Spear, a giant red glowing shaft that unleashes dark hounds the size of ponies with razor sharp teeth and claws. He has a beard of golden light and a conical steel helmet with wings at the sides, shining armour and gauntlets and a cape of blood red fire. 
Nordics: First of the Immortals. They are strongest in Angel-Magics of Fire and Lightning. Most resided in the ancient city of Nordhel during the Dawn of the Age of Chaos or in surrounding lands, as well as a few northern Green Border cities ruled by the three sons of Tobin Fire-Heart, including the new Nordic King, Turin. The Nordics consider themselves the first defence against the Shadow and his minions. 
Nymloc: Demons of the East Lands, scaled skin like black tar, fang shaped eyes of red flame. They have the skulls of black rams with long thick fangs and sharp black teeth. They sometimes wear armour of crimson fire and bear shields, spears, or swords, though their claws make them deadly even without weapons. 
Odin’s Harp: The Harp of Souls, the Daghda Harp, crafted by Odin during the First Age, to summon the Heroes of Will, who are bound to the Shield of Fire by the Hero Chain. These Heroes have been reborn countless times throughout history, sometimes retaining memories and abilities from past lives.
Rahkwel: The first goblins, taller than most mortals, usually in tribes of five to ten thousand living in caves or deserted kingdoms and cities. Rahkwel are frightened of the forests as the Dremelden rule these places and hunt any Rahkwel that cross their borders. Olive green skin with large golden eyes, they usually wear leathers and armour of browns, greens and greys and carry long bows and swords, axes, tridents, or spears.
Resting Point: Enchanted weapons or artefacts and relics in which the Great Angels or Battle Angels reside, these Resting Points provide a storage area for ki’mera orbs that can be used to further enhance Angel-Magics of a Battle Angel, or an enchanted item, or the wielder of the item or Battle Angel.
RinHannen, Elarja: A miraculous immortal man rescued by Carl Wilder, the history and extent of his powers are at first a mystery that intrigues the Sons of Odin. Also known as the Timestrider, he crafted the Four Time Stones from precious jewels that allow him to manipulate and even travel forwards or backwards through time. Elarja is an ancient legend during the Age of Chaos, as he was imprisoned for millennia in another realm. Elarja was most famous in the old stories for travelling back in time to rescue ancient heroes before they were killed in battle, bringing them to future Ages to aid him in his eternal struggle against the Jinn-Lord. Elarja noted as each of these heroes later died under suspicious circumstances, that the Angel of Death must have been seeking them out, to restore balance to the Great Cycle.
Rohjor: There are four Rohjor’s in Kismeria, that of the White Snow Fox, the Black Shadow Wolf, the Red Fire Lion, and the Blue Water Dragon. These sigils of power are also the sigils of the three Sons of Odin and the Daughter of Thor, Jean Fairsythe being the White Snow Fox. The sigils of the four Rohjor’s are often worn by Alit’aren and Ael Tarael as cloak pins, belt buckles and sometimes entire sigils embroidered on the back of cloaks or across the chest plates of armour. Servants and soldiers also bear these sigils on their shields, weapons and sometimes their clothing. The Rohjor’s are the four Covens of the Army of the All-Father. Even the Great Angels are considered a political player in the dealings of the Rohjor’s, though they do not attempt to commit to any Rohjor by personal choice. 
Ruhalden: Sea Immortals. Usually sail ships around the coasts of the lands known as the Great Sea to the west, the North Sea and the West Sea. They are strong in Angel-Magic of Water and Air. They are kin to the Great Angels of Water and Air.
Son of Odin: Title given to Adem Highlander, Carl Wilder and Wil Martyr, the three witnesses to ghosts on Earth, who are transported to the world of Kismeria, where they bring the taint that infects teron, the male half of Angel-Magic. The taint was embedded in the souls of the Sons of Odin when they faced those ghosts on Earth. These events have been a part of prophecy in Kismeria since the First Age.
Souljhin: Drakmohr, Swordsmen of the Shadow, Shadow Riders, demon-men. They wear dark racinthen armour of overlapping plates with hooded cloaks of shadows. They have pasty white skin, pointed ears and dark seed shaped eyes filled with menace and hatred for the immortals and mortals. They wield dark swords that glow with a blood red fire and ride dark stallions known as Shadow Steeds.
Tanriel: Battle Angel to Jean Fairsythe and Great Angel of the High Realm. She unleashes spears of crimson flame that release sheets of yellow-orange fire that fan out sideways to destroy demon flesh or the spears release red lightning when they hit a target. Tanriel always appears with wings of coloured light and shining armour that can change in colour each time she is released from her Resting Point.
Tarz, Rodriel: Amongst those who lead the Alit’aren rebels who have abandoned the Armies of the All-Father, to avoid the restrictions of Carl Wilder’s decree that outlaws male wielding. This law was made to avoid the destruction of the Alit’aren by limiting the effects of the corruption on teron. Tarz is a tall immortal with short dark hair and large dark eyes. He is senior in the ranks of male wielders and considered a dangerous adversary.  When the Sons of Odin and Daughter of Thor return to Kismeria, Tarz is the new leader of the Forsaken force of wielders, expertly trained in wielding the Dark Arts throughout the Age of Chaos, as well as the tainted and corrupted male and female halves of Angel-Magic. Forsaken use elykrario crystals to absorb much of the corruption associated with wielding Angel-Magic and the Dark Arts during that Age and become a people of wealth due to their trade of the precious crystals. Forsaken warriors are also perhaps the greatest Agnars and Brendas in the Free Lands. Most often they wear the dark garb and armour of the ghoda’sidhe, with elykrario studding their breastplates, gauntlets and shin guards or greaves.
Terael: The female half of Angel-Magic, from which Ael Tarael wield the Lord’s Power. Terael is considered the calmer of the two halves of Angel-Magic, although it can be overwhelming in its allure. Feeling terael flow through the wielder is described as immense warmth, bliss, calmness mixed with thrilling sensations although extreme cold can also be sensed at times when wielding the female half of Angel-Magic. Terael became corrupted with the vampire curse via Druantia, Hayley Martyr’s Battle Angel during the Dawn of the Age of Chaos. Through studies of this corruption, the Ael Tarael Lira Tolnock discovered the potential for wielding the Dark Arts / Jinn Arts to control the minds of demons in battle. Demon mind control and other forms of Jinn-Magic; can be attributed to studies and techniques used by male wielders, using the male half of Angel-Magic known as teron. 
Teron: The male half of Angel-Magic, from which Alit’aren wield the Lord’s Power. The feeling of teron is described as incredible heat and extreme cold flowing through the veins of the wielder. Teron is also considered the wilder and more volatile of the two halves of Angel-Magic, described as an avalanche of ice or a volcano of fire, wielders are often fighting for their lives to control their grip on Angel-Magic to avoid being cut-off from teron or causing harm to others by lashing out with Angel-Magic. Teron became tainted with Jinn-Magic of the Jinn-Lord when the three Sons of Odin arrived in Kismeria. The Sons of Odin were infected with the taint during a haunting by male and female ghosts at a place called Bright on Earth. This taint is often called the Darkness or the Sickness by immortals of Kismeria, or the Schism, referring to the effect of madness upon the minds of the three Sons of Odin, Adem Highlander being the most obviously affected of the three. This Schism began the corruption upon the minds of male wielders, resulting in the Age of Chaos lasting over a thousand years. Jinn-Magic had always existed latent within Angel-Magic of Kismeria, though the Arrival of the Sons of Odin caused the dark magic to become concentrated, separated, creating the unbalance known as the Schism of two opposing forces.
Torvellen: Tanned skinned immortals, usually with dark hair and eyes. They are strongest in Angel-Magics of Earth. They are kin to the Great Angels of Earth, Stone and Fire-Magic. Tarvel is their main city.
Vypain: Great Ape descendant: turned to demon form by the Jinn-Lord. Usually covered in a grey fur, sharp black claws and talons for feet, used to grip tree branches, these demons cast balls of red flame from tree perches, bark like dogs with cat’s yellow eyes, rams’ horns, and a maw full of fangs. They are predators and hunters of forest game, with a fondness for wild boar. The Pack Leaders of these demons are much larger males, known as morgrahs, capable of wielding fire balls that leave small craters on impact.
Wood Kin: Dremelden warriors who wield Lukrorian Bows though they have not attained the level of Agnar, so they do not attain the title of Aldebrand or Archer. They wear the torin’sidhe, camouflage clothing of greens, browns, and greys. They are exceptional hunters and trackers and are expertly skilled with the bow and arrow.


