



Book III of III: The Elysian Dynasty

THE WAR OF ALL WARS

J. Eric Booker



Smashwords Edition
Copyright J. Eric Booker, 2008.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the publisher.

B.E. Books

BOOK III OF III: The Elysian Dynasty:

The War of all Wars

Publisher's Note:  This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or, are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data is available upon request.

Booker, J. Eric, The War of all Wars
______________________________

Special Sales

These books are available at special discounts for bulk purchases. Special editions, including personalized covers, excerpts of existing books, and corporate imprints, can be created in large quantities for special needs. Contact: BookerEnterprises@hotmail.com _____________________________

Edited by Em Petrova—Romance Author
www.empetrova.com
Cover Art piece designed by Christopher Burke



DEDICATION

I would like to dedicate this book to my stepdad Lawrence G. Burns. You did a great job in being a great man, father, and author.
R.I.P.



“War is hell!”

- General Tecumseh Sherman



EXCERPTED FROM BOOK II:

The Reign of the Sultan


The day finally came when the last nation on the planet joined the Sharia Empire, still under the reign of Sultan Baltor Elysian the XVth.
Overall, it had taken this single man a grand total of one hundred and fifty-eight years to make his “one world nation,” most of which had been peaceful and prosperous years.
Baltor had reached the unbelievable age of one hundred eighty-two years old, but strikingly looked no older than twenty—whenever asked about his “fountain of youth,” he always replied, “I am an immortal. I will never grow old nor will I ever die.”
Three million elite soldiers of all ranks, as well a little more than forty-five thousand giant hawks, now served under his imperial command, many of whom he frequently trained with in his expert martial arts on a military fort that engulfed an entire small continent—complete with fortified walls, training grounds, barracks, mess halls, and command buildings. Every city in the world, of course, had its own military base.
He had personally designed this continent-sized fort seventy years ago, just in case of another massive dark-gnome army who teleported from another dimension with the goal to conquer his world. Thankfully, this event had not ever happened again, yet. An equally impressive accomplishment for Baltor—thanks to his imperial laws of “peace, duty, honor, and glory for all,” poverty, hunger, and slavery had been eradicated.
For, in every city and town all across the world, there existed free food and/or home shelters, which 24-hour shelters simultaneously schooled and/or job-trained, based on the desires and the skills of the individual—child or adult.
Besides all the qualified staff and teachers needed to run these shelters, which job positions quickly became filled, many more types of careers were available to choose from—artists, cooks, seamstresses, blacksmiths, carpenters, stonemasons, doctors, paramedics, firefighters, law-enforcers, and of course, military recruiters.
After all, imperial law demanded that by the age of twenty-four years old, every male and female must serve minimally one year as a soldier in the Sharia Empire—only those who had severe birth physical defects or mental disabilities were exempt. As an added bonus, anyone could become an Officer’s Candidate, if that individual attained the rank of Journeyman in his or her civilian oriented profession. Master, holding the highest rank, automatically meant the rank of Lieutenant. Of course, everyone in the entire world—generation after generation—came to hear and learn for themselves, that their centuries-old Sultan was “an immortal”—statistically, only a really small percentage continued to suspiciously fear Baltor to be “an unnatural and evil creature,” because most loved him.
Whether that news happened to ultimately be true or not, about him being evil, he still took really good care of them all…each and every Moonday he opened Pavelus’s palace gates, and personally listened to the concerns of his people.
The very few who continued to hate their Sultan—no matter what he did for them—rarely ever voiced out his or her opinions, in fear of Baltor’s other indisputable magical powers, including telepathy, clairvoyance, illusions, invisibility, and teleportation of entire armies.
Though none had a single doubt about his powers, none who ever tried could duplicate any of his runic magic could, no matter how intelligent he or she inevitably became through life until death. Shortly after this world-unification came to be, and all major conflicts ended, only then did Baltor begin to inwardly wonder—with increasing agitation every single year—where in the hell his own maker, mentor, and master was: Trendon Harrn.
After all, not only had this individual been the one to make him immortal in the first place—one hundred sixty-two years ago—yet the master had simultaneously promised that once Baltor had “mastered the entire world,” he would come back to take his apprentice to the other realms, in order to train him to be a “Watcher.” And, in Baltor’s indisputable opinion, he now mastered this entire world indisputably…no one dared challenge him. Finally his answer came, thirty peaceful and prosperous years later, upon receiving “a very strange dream!” In it, he saw himself slightly leaning against the wall in a megalithic obsidian chamber filled with glowing red magical runes inscribed upon the ceiling, the walls, and even the floor—sinister looking runes that he did not recognize, despite all his centuries of study upon the subject of runic magic.
In the center of this chamber, a second later, a rectangular steel table unexpectedly popped out of nowhere! Yet lying on it happened to be a man—wearing only a loincloth, strapped to the table by foot and handcuffs, and obviously having been severely beaten and whipped from head to toe.
As Baltor’s gaze focused upon the face, he quickly observed that this unconscious man appeared to be none other than the master—Trendon, which greatly surprised the apprentice.
After quickly walking over to the table, he began to make a closer medical examination—though this man appeared to be mortally wounded, especially because of the abdominal tissues sliced open and hanging all out, he saw that this man’s chest was slightly breathing, which meant that this man was still alive, at least for a few more moments…
Deciding to rescue this man right here and now, Baltor’s hands had attempted to grasp the shackle holding this man’s left foot, in order to rip the shackle from the table. Strangely, however, his hand only grasped thin air—as if the shackle was only a phantom…or the other way around!?
Looking back up at the man’s face, Baltor became surprised to see this man’s eyes unexpectedly bulge open, as if fully awake.
However, unlike the previous two encounters he had with Trendon Harrn, this man’s brown eyes did not glow like a prismatic diamond. Suspiciously, Baltor asked, “Are you for real or are you an optical illusion?”
The man answered, “I am not an optical illusion, nor are you…but you are currently in ‘a dream state.’
“Really? Why are you enslaved and ravaged to a pulp like this? Can you possibly be my master, the Trendon Harrn?” Baltor asked.
The man answered with a hell of a lot of sorrow, “Yes, my apprentice, I am Trendon Harrn… Baltor, I am truly sorry I was not able to come to your aid before this time—I did mean to shortly after you first mastered your world. However, shortly before my arrival, as you can clearly see, I—your Master—fell into a diabolical trap! Even worse, the Vompareus now have possession and control over the Rod of Ro’shain!”
Though Trendon was about to go on, Baltor interrupted, “Before you continue, sir, I have an important question that must be answered right now, because all you ever gave to me were encrypted hints—is this rod just a teleporting device, or is it more?”
Trendon answered, “To answer your questions in order, no and yes, as the rod is a teleporting device, yet it is also the very key to the door to their Realm of Darkness, of which I made both key and door, and imprisoned the Vompareus there nine thousand years ago…
“That is, until I became captured and imprisoned thirty years ago by the Arch Devils, the rod taken from me, and given to the Vompareus. Now they are free and teleporting from world to world with the rod, killing almost every last person, absorbing their souls, and recruiting into their ranks the few remaining survivors—they’re powers are multiplying every day. If they are not stopped soon, chaos and evil will rule over all the universal realms—they have already conquered three worlds! Finally, know this… It took me thirty years to finally conjure enough power to contact you this way—through your dream…”
Even though a million more questions flooded in Baltor’s mind that he wanted to ask, the first question that came out of his mouth was, “So where are you, my Master?”
While raising his left eyebrow, Trendon painfully answered, “I am now in the Ninth Plane of Hell.”
After unconsciously gulping, Baltor shakily asked, “What…seriously?”
“Yes.”
Almost immediately after Trendon had finished answering his question, Baltor’s heart began to feel quite a bit guilty for damning him to hell that one day, because he had not shown up when Baltor’s one and only beloved Wife and Sultaness had horribly died—Brishava.
The only reason Baltor had wanted Trendon to “show up” at all was to get the permission to make her into an immortal, like he and his master. But the master never showed…anger, once again, began to sprout through Baltor’s mind…
Having telepathically read all of Baltor’s thoughts, Trendon interrupted compassionately, “Yes. Don’t fret about any of that—it’s not your fault I’m here. Nor is it my fault that I did not show on that particular date—I had a lesson to teach you about life and death, which includes losing a loved one who is mortal, of which lesson you’ve obviously learned… Obviously, you did learn all your lessons, or you would not have mastered your world on your own! Finally, regarding Brishava, know that her spirit peacefully lives in the Seventh Plane of Heaven…”
After taking a deep breath that caused him even more pain, he continued, “Now please listen, Baltor, as we really don’t have much time left. My devilish captors will soon be back to torture me more, as they have done religiously these last thirty years! If they see you, they will know where to find you, and then all hope will be lost! Only together, you and I, can we stop them for good…”
“How do I get to you?” Baltor asked.
“You must go through all nine planes of hell, in order of succession.
Located on each plane is the ruling Arch-Devil—only he and/or she possess the key that will get you to the next plane…”
Baltor unconsciously gulped once again.
Trendon continued, “To give a brief explanation of how I got imprisoned here, thanks in part to Dreeak, the Vompareus recently struck a deal with the nine Arch Devils—even though they have been blood-thirsty enemies with each other since the Beginning of Time. Together, they diabolically planned a trap for me, of which I obviously fell into…
“Now the two enemies only became allies because the first group recently convinced the second group that when the very last world containing a soul is destroyed, thus will come the ultimate destruction of the heavens. However, just so you know, I still don’t believe the heavens nor the Divine can ever be destroyed, which is why the rest of us are here!
“So now…go and wake up and then come and find me—my enemies have nearly returned—you must go now! Help the universal realms…help me! Help us all! Help yourself…”
A runic symbol appeared in Baltor’s vision for only a single second—in the next, he awoke from his dream that obviously wasn’t just a dream. For about the next four hours or so, he sat in his bed, meditating on what to do…
On one hand, Baltor considered the fact that he had worked so hard to master this realm—and now he truly was the master of this realm.
On the other hand, if he did not do something to help Trendon, the Vompareus would come to this world, sooner or later, and most likely destroy everything and everybody.
Once he had finally made his decision, nearly an hour later, he immediately dispatched hundreds of messengers through the magical portals to each of the Provinces in the world. The message was strictly for the governors; that message was to come to Pavelus the following morning at nine a.m., and that the meeting was to be held at ten.
At nine in the morning, as the governors arrived, one by one, the guards began to respectfully escort them to the palace grounds outside. Meanwhile, Baltor’s assistants dressed him into his battle-armor and helmet-crown, just before equipping him with his swords and sheaths…
Precisely one hour later, Baltor walked out onto the balcony, and then he declared, “The time has come for me to leave this world, as I have an urgent matter that must immediately be taken care of. Honestly, I do not know how long I will be gone, but I do know that I’m planning on coming back...
“Therefore, my last proclamation as your Sultan is this. The Sharia Empire shall, from here on out, be known as the Sharia Republic.”
Many gasps of shock erupted throughout the crowds.
“I want each and every one of you equally-powerful governors to listen to the concerns of your people, for you to convene and discuss these issues amongst each other every quarter here in this palace, and finally, for you all to vote in the best interests of the Sharia Republic. You shall all be equal in your votes.”
After taking a deep breath, Baltor added, “If I find out that a single one of you is abusing your power, I will come back and destroy you all in the next second—I promise that! So….does anybody have any final questions for me?” The world leaders replied, “No, my Sultan!”
Without hesitation or another word, Baltor turned around and began to draw the rune he had seen in his dream into the air right in front of everyone, which action caused fire to magically appear wherever his fingers moved.
Once completed—a magical portal began to open, containing all these magnificent qualities: ovular-shaped, made entirely of fire, and quite blinding. Everyone, but Baltor, instantly became fearful, forced to not only close their eyes, yet cover those eyes with his or her hands…
While casting his gaze back over his shoulder and throwing a hearty wave of his right hand, he replied, “Farewell everyone!”
Baltor looked ahead, before stepping through the portal into HELL….



The War of all Wars



CHAPTER I


Baltor commenced to walk forward like an expert tightrope walker, with hands spread and each foot stepping directly in front of the other.
After all, a smooth black marble bridge—but six inches wide—happened to be the one-and-only solid object that existed underneath his feet. One wrong move and he would fall off the bridge and into the fiery pits below…in this elemental plane of fire.
What made things ten times more difficult in this daredevil feat was the fact that he had a maximum visibility range of ten feet, thanks to all of the explosive, toxic plumes of black smoke that competed nonstop for supremacy with the colorful fireballs that exploded just as powerfully.
For this reason, he had no way to decipher the length or the height of this bridge, or what lay at the bottom if he should fall, except for pure fire. Thankfully he was an immortal, or his body would have already “burnt to a crisp” in the scorching temperatures that reached up to one thousand degrees Fahrenheit.
Exactly fifty steps later and yes, he was counting, it was only then that he first began to feel pain—not just all over his exposed face, but even more so his eyeballs and the insides of his nostrils, mouth, throat and lungs. Even worse, his nose had detected the whiff of hair and flesh being cooked—his hair and flesh!
He henceforth closed his mouth, eyelids and nostrils, yet never stopped in his forward progress—not just blind, yet at the same time, trying his very best to ignore the ever-increasing pains on his face and the front of his neck that equaled to first-degree burns.
At this point, he had two major advantages that came into play…first, he did not need oxygen to breathe. Second, he wore flameproof underclothes, armor, boots, gloves and a helmet; and thus, most of his body continued to remain uncooked. At least for now.
Thirty steps later, in which his entire face now suffered from third-degree burns, all of the hair on his head had completely burned off, including his goatee and eyebrows; and his willpower was only then flagging—the bridge, the smoke and the fires disappeared in the blink of an eye. Now, the new environment he had to deal with was being completely submerged near-freezing water.
The very second after his arrival, his hair had begun to regrow at a very rapid pace, as did his skin begin to heal just as fast, including the eyelids that had melted onto the eyeballs. Despite his blindness, which he knew would be temporary, his analytical mind had still figured out that he was now deep underwater in the abysmal plane—four thousand, one hundred and thirty-five feet deep to be exact.
He also knew that the average person’s body would have crushed like a tin can from the immense water pressure, because humans could barely take the pressure at twelve feet underwater, but neither the pressure nor the lack of oxygen had any effect on Baltor. Many-a-times before had he traveled underwater on his own planet, although he knew without doubt that he was no longer on his planet.
While wading at the same depth, he opened his eyes as soon as he could, perhaps ten seconds after his arrival, discerning a fraction-or-two more than when his eyelids had been sealed shut. Although he did have the additional luxury of night vision and could see in this pitch-black environment, the problem with the low-visibility stemmed from all the colossal-times-colossal greenish-yellowish leafy seaweeds floating all about, spanning from the ocean floor.
There was no sign of the marble bridge, which was not a good thing as he figured this bridge might lead him to the next plane, and so he began swimming all about looking for it.
Once he had given up, a minute-or-so later, he decided to crack his lips open just long enough to allow a single drop of water to splash onto his tongue, at least to figure out whether he was in fresh water or salt. Salt.
He therefore reasoned to himself, I’m definitely in the middle of a salty sea…the question is, is there a surface above, or does this sea go on forever in every direction?
In order to figure out this very answer, he commenced to swim upward, moving three times as fast an athletic swimmer could.
Perhaps a half-minute later, he discovered that the waters here—and above—were much brighter than the waters below, although visibility was about twenty feet at this point in every direction but up. After all, these were some very long and wide pieces of seaweed, in which ninety percent had made it to this point and continued to go up, up, and up.
Right before reaching the surface a half-minute later, and now with a visibility of twenty feet as seventy percent of those weeds had made it up to this point, he skillfully avoided a few decomposing objects floating at the surface.
As soon as his head had broken the watery plane and he felt fresh air on his face, he observed and smelled in one giant whiff—and with a whole lot of disgust—that these floating objects were rotting corpses, millions and millions of them, in what appeared to be a vast sea without any land in sight anywhere. Due to the horrible stench that permeated the air, he stopped breathing yet again.
At the same time, he had noted the dark and dismal colors of the skies—dark and smoky grays intermixed with but two shades of blood—wet and dry. Nor was there any evidence of any sun, moon, or star that provided any of the light. Nor was there any clear indication of which way to swim.
After sighing aloud in exasperation, nearly a half-minute later, at this most serious problem—the direction he should swim—he angrily slammed both fists into that sea. In response, two large blasts of nasty water splashed all over his face and head.
He was now on the verge of exploding out his rages and curses, especially upon seeing the eroded piece of intestine now hanging off his crowned-helmet and caressing his right facial cheek, but he kept his anger in check through willpower alone. After all, he did not want to transform into “the beast” even by accident, which would mean him losing control of his “human mind.”
Therefore, he forced himself to calm down by first removing the intestine off his crown and throwing it as far as he could away…and then repetitiously breathing deep in his nose and out his mouth until calm.
Once he felt serene, six breaths later, he continued to wait as patient as possible for Trendon to deliver some type of message as to where he should swim. However, approximately a minute later and with no messengers or messages, Baltor began to ponder the ever-increasing possibility that he would have to figure this out this problem on his own.
The first option that soon after sprouted inside his mind was to pick a random direction and to keep swimming beyond the corpses.
The second option was to fly into an unadulterated rage, and just make the willful transformation into the vompareus-beast, because IT at least had two sets of wings and could quickly fly toward land. That is, if there was any land at all.
The third option, which sprang into his mind exactly minute after the first two had presented themselves, was to call out for his master’s assistance.
As the last option seemed most logical, Baltor decided to try it first, and so he called out at a normal volume of voice, “Master Harrn…I need you now. Master Trendon Harrn. It is I, Baltor Elysian. I really need your help, as I am both confused and lost. Please, respond.”
Without having heard a single response from his master and with no other ideas brewing, Baltor decided to try one final time nearly a minute later. He thus screamed out at the top of his lungs, “Master!!!” His voice echoed for hundreds of miles.
A minute later—and still without any answers of any kind—Baltor began to get angrier by the second. Another minute passed before he angrily made his final decision about becoming “the beast.”
Only a nanosecond before he had sent himself into an unadulterated rage, his conscious mind ever-so-barely heard an all-too-familiar man’s voice say, Baltor…Baltor…can you hear me now? Hello?  Trendon’s telepathic voice got a decibel louder with each passing second,
With a whole hell of a lot of anger etched on his face and in his voice, Baltor snapped, “Yes…I can hear you now! Is that you, Trendon Harrn?”
Yes it is. Calm down, my apprentice. I’m here now. Sorry I was not able to come a moment sooner, but as I told you in your dream, there are the frequent occasions when my captors are torturing me in one way, shape, or form. They finished one such torture session only moments ago, and needful to say, I’m hurting really, really bad!
“Okay,” Baltor said with just a little less agitation. “I’m real sorry to hear about your situation, sir, but I’ve got one hell of a situation I’m dealing with myself. Right now, I’m swimming in the middle of a sea of rotting corpses that stink horribly, and I have no idea of where to go or what to do!”
Do not speak, my apprentice, until I tell you to do so…listen. Close your eyes and take a few deep breaths until you are calmed down. Once so, I shall tell you what you need to know and do.
Baltor did as instructed. After releasing the third deep breath, he now felt calm and so he opened his eyes.
In that moment, Trendon continued to reveal, You are now in the very middle of the Sea of Daath, which is one of the six seas that links the world of the living to the realms of the dead, where exist souls, demons, monsters, devils, and of course, the supreme-ruler of the First Plane of Hell, the Arch-Devil. If you should change now into a vompareus-beast, the first thing you will have to fight are all the leviathans, or giant sea serpents with wings, that swim or fly around the seas…and trust me, you don’t want to do that, as they are one of the deadliest protectors of all the hells!
At the same time, you will have to deal with the Arch-Devil, who will know that there is a vompareus running about his and/or her plane and will arrive with the rest of his and/or her army, in order to destroy you into oblivion.
Finally yet most importantly, if you lose control of your human mind, the beast within you will reign…and thus, you will have no control of the situation. So relax, there is a boat that shall soon be coming your way…take it to dry land. Now, speak.
Baltor—who was still trying to relax but not having an easy time of it—asked, “Yes, okay. And then what? Where do I go from there? I have no map, nor no knowledge, about this place.”
Cryptic as always, Trendon answered, In the back of your mind, you must always keep my image, and your heart will ultimately lead you to me just like a roadmap. In the end, you shall have to decide whether to free me…or kill me. That is, once you have learned the whole truth and made your choice on who you will really serve…good or evil.
After silently pondering the cryptic message for nearly a minute, Baltor finally replied, “If it was my intention to kill you, I would just have stayed where I was at. After all, I was—until only but a half-hour ago—the Sultan of the Sharia Empire that dominated over my entire planet! It is only because I believe everything you’ve said from the very first second I met you, that I’m even here at all. I’m here to save you…”
A handful of moments later, Trendon replied evenly, I know, my apprentice…you are a selfless person, which is why I chose you. Although I know your past, I do not know your future. So let’s focus more on the present. Now you are in the Abysmal Sea, which leads inevitably to the First Plane of Hell! You will come to find that not everything about the Nine Planes is disgusting and/or horrible. Quite the contrary, some places and creatures here are insanely tempting and beautiful…but remember that everything around here is Evil. Good has no reason, nor no desire, to be here…except in our unique case.
Again, I reiterate. One temptation that you must never succumb to—no matter what—is to change into the vompareus-beast. If you lose the battle in losing your human-mind and soul for even one single second, we will lose the entire war in the next!
“Why is that?”
That beast inside does not care about anything, except for itself, its race, chaos and evil. Your good, honorable and powerful human-mind does care and it does love, which is what gives you an entire army.
After releasing a sarcastic laugh, Baltor asked using incredulous tones, “What army do I have?”
Your body, mind, heart and soul…an army of one!  Trendon answered with emphasis.
“Hmmm,” Baltor replied.
Here in Hell, you will have a few advantages you didn’t have before on your planet of Sharia. For example, you will not need the cah-su-cahn berry seasonings to quench your vampiric hungers and thirsts…but should you become critically wounded from magical weapons and they don’t heal on their own, you can sprinkle the seasonings directly on your wound…a nearly instant healing salve.
“That’s interesting to know,” Baltor replied with a relieved smile. “All I had stashed in the compartment on the back of my armor was a six-month food supply of the seasoning. After that, I did not know what the heck I was going to do for sustenance. Now I do.”
Yes, you do. What you also need to learn is the fact that you still have all the usage of your other magical and superpowers, including telepathy and teleportation, yet there are four rules you must abide by when teleporting around hell, so that you can remain “hidden away.”
“Four rules?”
One, you can’t teleport from hell to hell. I already explained why.
Two, never teleport whenever there are enemies nearby that you don’t want to know your location—enemies located anywhere between, or anywhere close to, points A and B.
Three, remember that there are some hells where it’s simply better not to teleport at all, as everything but the occupants themselves chaotically flip or change around in the blink of an eye—land might suddenly become sea, a library might instantly turn into a dragon that might turn into a fortress, etc. Who knows?
And, four, even though time does not technically exist in some of these hells, never teleport more than once every eighty-six thousand, four hundred seconds—or in layman’s terms—once every twenty-four hours. The reason for this final rule is because teleportation is such an incredibly powerful spell, in which other magically gifted creatures who might throw a counter-spell can possibly disrupt your spell, and you might only arrive at your destination in pieces—literally. So ensure that you mentally count every second of every minute of every hour.
Baltor asked, “How am I supposed to count out even a second if that second don’t exist?”
Simple, my apprentice. Think in your head a favorite place you know with four syllables, which will just about equate one second in time. For me, I like to use Mississippi. One Mississippi; two Mississippi; three Mississippi; four…and so forth.
“Where is Mississippi? I’ve never heard of that place before.”
Just a nice city in another world that I’ve frequented a number of times, but you get my drift, Trendon answered nonchalantly.
“Okay,” Baltor responded with a nod. “Oh, I’ve one final question. Why can’t I simply equate time by the days and nights?”
As there is neither a sun nor a moon here in many hells—including in this hell—neither is there a day or night. Just count the time in the far back of your head, in order to keep your bearings.
“Okay…gotcha,” Baltor said with an understanding nod. After all, when he was but twenty years old, he had undertaken an expedition all by himself across an entire unexplored continent. He had accurately kept the concept of how much time had passed in his head by the days and nights, which “unbelievably crazy adventure except for the fact it was true” had taken exactly two hundred and fifty-six days.
“Anything else, master?”
Yes. You now have one final superpower you never even knew you had…and that is the ability to command all undead creatures except the Vompareus—undead like skeletons, zombies, vampires, liches, skeleton-dragons, and even death knights. There will even be some types of living creatures or monsters that you can mentally command, but not others including the leviathans, so do not count on this power too much. Never, ever will you be able to command demons or devils to do your bidding. You can trick them, or temporarily destroy them. Only they can permanently destroy each other, which does rarely happen here in the Nine Planes.
“That’s it?” Baltor asked soon after.
Nearly, my apprentice, although your journey is just beginning… Yet by the time that you have reached me in the Ninth Plane, of which I’m confident you will accomplish, you will know everything that you need to know, including quite a bit of my personal history, just enough to know whether you will save me or kill me in the end.
“One final question I have: So how much longer will I have to wait in this sea until the boat arrives?”
Just then, Baltor’s answer came not because of something Trendon said, but because his physical ears detected the sounds of something paddling through the water from somewhere far, far behind him.
While turning around, his eyes multiplied like binoculars until they came across a long and narrow black boat with unusually long paddles that were rowing back and forth nonstop, but the problem was that the boat wasn’t going anywhere close to his direction and was perhaps a mile away.
Upon even closer examination, he counted out two-dozen passengers sitting in the boat, but no one was rowing or even moving at all other than his or head and/or eyes—the paddles were rowing on their own.
Standing at the very back in the middle was a humanoid figure who wore black robes and had a hood drawn over its hood, yet did not hide the skull-face. One skeletal hand guided the oar, while the other wielded a ten-foot-long reaper.
While waving his arms through the air, Baltor yelled out, “Hey, driver…I’m over here! I command you to come and pick me up.”
Though there was no verbal answer from the driver whatsoever, he or she shifted the oar until the boat was traveling directly toward Baltor at the speed of a fast frigate ship.
In under a minute or so, the boat inevitably arrived next to Baltor’s position before stopping. The hooded figure henceforth released its grip on the oar, walked over, and then assisted the new passenger into the boat using just its free hand.
After climbing aboard, Baltor observed there was a narrow walkway in the middle—he stood, walked to the front row of the boat where the one-and-only available seat was, and sat down.
A few seconds later, he averted his gaze behind him to look at all the other passengers, noticing a bunch of peculiar things all at the same time.
One, one-third of these passengers were human—the other races varied from light-skinned elves to dwarves and gnomes, to other types of humanoid creatures he could not identify.
Two, although every one of these passengers had his or her “reddish-glazed eyes” open, they all looked like they had died in some horrible way or another. Some looked starved, others beaten and bruised, others diseased, and still others violently stabbed—a few people bore a multitude of these symptoms.
Three, all of the paddles on the boat were once again moving on their own, including the one sitting before his seat.
After Baltor had averted his gaze forward, in order to look out just above the sea filled with rotting corpses, his mind’s eye capriciously saw her beautiful image—she had been his one-and-only wife, Brishava.
For an unknown amount of time to follow, his memories recalled all the “wonderful times” they had spent together…to be exact, his analytical mind had long ago calculated this timeframe to be forty-six years, four months, seventeen days, twelve hours, nine minutes, and thirty-six seconds. Nearly every minute had been perfect until near her end—when she had died from cancer.
Just when his thoughts began to dwell to the timeframe when she had first gotten sick—eight years before her death—his physical eyes began to see something dark and foreboding far ahead in the distance, literally spanning across ten horizons.
As his eyesight zoomed in, he soon realized it to be a continent-sized landmass about eighty miles away—black and jagged mountains coupled with exploding volcanoes spewing forth boiling lava and sulfurous smoke. It was because of all the smoke that the entire horizon was enshrouded in darkness. Otherwise, there was not a cloud in the sky.
Zooming his vision even closer, he observed that the boat was sailing for a wood dock that extended out fifty feet passed the borders of the nearly tide-less sandy beach.
Zooming closer still, he counted out an entire platoon of red gargoyle demons who were all hanging out on the beach just beyond the dock, in which some stood and others flew—all were six feet tall. Besides their natural weaponry consisting of powerful muscles and razor-sharp horns, fangs and claws, each carried a magical sword that was literally on fire.
Zooming closer, just beyond the demons, there stood a ten-foot tall snake-man on the sandy beach facing Baltor’s way. It wore lime-green robes and a donned hood that fluttered in the wind, which revealed that it had a humanoid body, including its lime-green gloved hands that clasped together in front of its stomach, which hands carried no visible weapons. However, this creature’s head perfectly resembled the head of a green snake with two small holes for nostrils but no nose, a pair of sharp fangs that protruded down, as well the dripping venom, a forked black tongue that frequently darted out, and finally, a pair of black eyes.
It was not even a second later that Baltor decided that it was best if he depart this boat and swim to an uninhabited part of the beach, instead of having a confrontation with that platoon. Therefore, he used telepathy as he ordered the driver: My command to you is that you say nothing about me to anyone ever. Understand?
The driver nodded its skull up and down one time—without any further haste, Baltor quietly slid his way right back into the corpse-filled sea, and just as quiet, he swam around them and down the coastline.
It took him a little more than an hour until he reached the next stretch of beach, located about a half-mile away from the first stretch, in which the boat was just now nearing the docks. For the moment, this stretch was uninhabited, and so he swam up to the beach, while continuously scouting his horizons for any other demons—for now, the coast was clear.
As soon as he stood on solid ground, nearly a minute later, he bolted like a bat out of hell for the closest grouping of three volcanic rocks that jutted out of the sands, so that he could hide.
Once safely hidden away behind one such large rock, he poked just his head out, gazing at the boat that had just docked. A dozen-or-so of the demons had already flown or climbed aboard, and were already eagerly assisting the passengers out of the boat by slapping them with the butts of their fiery swords, while cackling in a menacing fashion the whole time.
Despite the fact that Baltor shook his head balefully a few times at these poor souls’ “warm welcome to hell,” he still turned around and bolted into the mountain pass. After all, there was no possible way he could rescue absolutely everybody, only his master.
He moved at his top speed of twenty-five miles per hour between the jagged mountains and/or volcanos, ranging between five hundred feet to five thousand feet tall. One-third of the passes weren’t traversable due to the flowing rivers of lava or the patrolling demons who seemed to be everywhere.
Lying at the end of the weaving valley he now traveled through, nearly two hours later, there stood a three-thousand-foot tall wall—constructed from onyx that possessed a mirror-like gleam. It was, in fact, the tallest wall Baltor had ever seen. From where he stood at the bottom of the valley, he could not tell any of the other dimensions about this wall.
Curious about these exact dimensions, as well what lay on the other side, he began to hop from boulder to boulder until he stood at the top of the mountain to his right, which mountain stood five hundred feet taller than the wall.
Once there fifteen seconds later, he dropped to the top rock in the prone position before looking out. This wall stood at one thousand feet thick, twenty-five miles in length and fifty miles long.
Couple this incredible defense with the fact there was but one entrance on the far side, currently open, as well hundreds and hundreds of miles of surrounding mountains and volcanoes, he surmised that this city was impenetrable from anything but an aerial attack.
Inside the city walls, which he observed at the same time, there dwelt tens of thousands of rectangular-shaped onyx buildings—each building a different height and size than any other.
In the heart of the city, there stood a castle, also made of onyx. Dozens of claw towers appeared to be gripping and rupturing the very heavens—this castle was ten times the size of Baltor’s own main imperial palace back in Pavelus. Of course, it had a surrounding moat, filled with black liquid.
Regarding the city’s population spread all about, there were millions of dark and shadowy inhabitants. Most were black-robed figures of all shapes and sizes up to a maximum height of twelve feet tall. Of course, there were hundreds of thousands of demons, and tens of thousands of those snake-men.
In particular, he came to discover a brand-new type of grayish-colored monster—three of them—all walking down the road together. Though they were the size of elephants, they didn’t look or move like elephants at all, but resembled wolves that had incredibly large jaws filled with sharp, pointy teeth and no hair whatsoever on their equally incredible muscular bodies.
Upon closer examination, all Baltor could think was, Wow…those are some ugly monsters, although powerful looking as hell! I’d really hate to have to fight even one of them.
Just as he had completed his thought, his super-hearing began to detect the sounds of someone whispering something incomprehensible far below, and in the direction from whence he had come. Approximately two thousand, five hundred and fifty feet away.
While his hands had already drawn out both swords, his feet glided at top speed down the boulders toward the whisperer, of whom he could only hear, but not see…yet.
It took only two seconds for Baltor to reach the ground. Before that third second had ended, he had already halved the distance to his final destination, of which area he could clearly see now, but the whisperer was nowhere to be seen. His mind began to suspect that this person was either using ventriloquism, or most likely, invisibility.
It was then that he began to observe that his entire body was now ever-so-slightly glowing blue and red colors in abstract patterns. Even worse, the colors continued to get brighter with each passing moment.
The whisperer had one final word to whisper in his or her spell-casting—that was all the time Baltor needed, for in that same moment, he swung his swords around and stopped them once they were crossed, possessing the shape of an “x.”
Just as the next second had commenced, Baltor noted his own aura had already multiplied by three, which brightness caused the surrounding landscape to lose most of its shadows.
Therefore, he barked angrily, “I swear that if you don’t cancel your spell by the time I’m done speaking, your head will be sliced off!”
Just before he had said the word “off,” the glowing did stop, which caused the landscape all around to submerge back to its original dark and shadowy environment.
Speaking at a normal tone of voice, yet still sounding hostile, Baltor stated, “Good. Now, who the hell are you?”
Indicative by the sounds of her voice alone, a woman said with a great amount of fear, “I am Nemis…who…who are you?”
“I’ll do the question asking around here,” was Baltor’s snappy reply. His next question was, “Why are you following me, Nemis, and what was that spell you cast on me?”
After releasing a deep sigh, she answered, “I’ve been trailing you invisibly because I’ve never seen, nor heard, nor read in any book about anybody crawling out of any of the Abysmal Seas on their own. All I did to you just now was cast a simple ‘detect alignment’ spell. That’s all…but, how you see me now, I do not know as my ‘invisibility spell’ feels to still be in effect.”
“It is still in effect,” Baltor replied. “But take it off so I can see you.”
“Okay,” she answered. She appeared only a moment later, a small woman dressed in flowing black robes, standing at a height of five feet tall, and wearing a hood that enshrouded her entire face in darkened shadows.
His eyes had also observed her painted red fingernails that had a tiny diamond stud glued to the middle of each nail on her left hand, which small fingers gripped a wooden staff bearing a quartz crystal shard imbedded into the top.
His swords continued to keep tightly pressed against her throat as he asked, “How about removing the hood?”
“Well in order to do that, I’m going to need you to first remove your swords from my neck,” she answered truthfully.
Because he sensed no immediate danger coming from her, he oh-so-slowly moved his swords out of the way, until they were by his sides in the ready position, ready to strike.
Only after gently rubbing her throat with the fingers of her free hand and then looking at the bloodless fingertips, she proceeded to pull back the hood while stating nicely, “Thank you.”
This woman was not just any woman, yet one of the most beautiful he had ever seen in his life, strongly enhanced not only by her piercing brown eyes, hair that was brown, silky, curly and untamed, yet the most striking quality were her very pointy ears.
He asked, “You’re an elf?”
“Yes, I am. From the Moonchild Tribe on the World of Endoria,” she answered seriously. “Well, that is, I belonged to them until they came to hear what type of magic I performed in The League of the Magi on the other side of the continent, and so my tribe banned me ‘an outcast.’”
“What type of magic?”
“Black magic.”
After nodding once, Baltor said, “Not surprising. So do you work for any of the residents or lords or devils of this place?”
“No,” she replied, just before she snapped her fingers with her right hand that caused her staff to disappear into oblivion.
Though he wondered where her staff was, he asked the most-important question on his mind, “Why are you here?”
A look of sadness unexpectedly crossed her face before she answered, “I am here to rescue my mother, of who is also involuntarily here in hell but on the Seventh Plane, although she never physically died…”
Although he looked a bit shocked upon hearing—evident by his furled eyebrows and his open mouth—he said nothing.
She sighed before saying, “To understand how she ended up here requires understanding a bit of my life, which will take quite a few minutes of your time. Is that okay with you?”
“Sure…we’re safe here, at least for now. Go ahead.”
“I am five hundred and nineteen years old,” Nemis revealed, “yet we elves live about a millennium-and-a-half on average. A year before I was born, my father prematurely died in an epic battle that saved our world, so for most of my youth, it was just my mother and I who shared a house in the forest. It wasn’t until I reached the teenaged year of thirty, in which we elves become young adults at the age of fifty—that my mother revealed for the first time that she was a magic user of the White Robes, good alignment, and that she would begin training me in magic that very day.”
She sucked in a deep breath through just her nose, before adding, “Four years and six days after my magical training had begun, it was upon a dark and stormy night that I heard someone knocking on the front door. Prior to the knocks, my mother was cooking up dinner in the kitchen, and I was lying in my bed doing my homework—my bedroom door was halfway open.
“As I knew mother was busy, I decided to answer it, so I hopped out of bed and made my way across my bedroom. I had just arrived at my door, but as I scanned across the living room and toward the front door, I noticed that my mother was already there and in the process of turning the doorknob. For some reason that I still don’t know, I decide to crack my door shut until it was just a sliver that was just big enough for my left eye to see through.
“When she opened the front door, not only were the frequent flashes of lightning and the pouring rain revealed outside, yet a man who stood on our unroofed porch. His attire consisted of wooly black robes, as well a silky black cape with an attached hood that was drawn back—silver, red, blue, white, black and gold patterns had been masterfully sewn throughout the hem.”
Pointing her index finger into the air, she stated, “Thus was I able to clearly see his evil face—a face that possessed abnormally angular features, thin black eyebrows, and a braided goatee. His head, however, was shaven clean and shiny to the point you could shave off it.”
After clearing her throat, she said, “Without hesitation, my mother gestured for this stranger to come inside, to which he did. He was completely unaware of my presence as he spun around to face my mother, who no longer looked happy. The back of his cape now faced my way, revealing a picture using all the same colored threads—a five-headed dragon. Still I was keen enough to notice that despite all the pouring rain outside, he was bone dry! Anyway, my mother clipped to the man, ‘So Magi-Second Class Mystras, what do you want?’
‘‘He sounded like a snobby aristocrat as he answered, ‘Good question, Ruling-Overseer Gylva’ste of the White Robes, and here’s your answer. I beg you please, my lady…sign the ‘new peace treaty’ proposed today for the League. Yes. It is true that your branch and mine have had some problems in the recent past, and I do sincerely apologize. Yet your signature is imperative in making the League about the magic and the peace once again, as we were for nearly seven centuries; that is, until three years ago when Magi 1st Class Ravenski lost his mind and tried to take everything and everybody over. Trust me that we of the Black Robes have stripped him of all rank and powers, only six months ago. Nowadays, Ravenski is nothing more than a street magician using sleight-of-hand tricks.’” Whenever she had recited Mystras’ words, she had tried to sound like a man, although with her semi-high pitched voice, she failed.
Nemis shrugged before saying, “Although my mother tried her best to keep her anger restrained, it was clearly evident in more than one way. One of those ways was her voice as she replied right away, ‘I read your proposed peace treaty, and no, I will never sign something that you yourself created…there’s something about the way you worded that script that I just don’t like, or trust. Nor have I ever trusted you, for that matter.’
“For a moment, a look of annoyance crossed the man’s face, but he didn’t get a chance to say anything. My mother added, ‘While I’m at it, I don’t know what kind of spell you put over the Head of the Order to make him order me to listen to what you had to say tonight. However, I do know that I refuse to sign away the rights of the White Robes, of whom I faithfully lead. Also, I feel quite confident that the Brown Robes will unite with us in this decision, as they are ‘great seers into the balance!’ So, sorry, no…please get out of my house as I have dinner to finish. Thank you.’
Though she delivered a short pause in order to take a few deep breaths, Baltor said not a word—he was definitely enrapt in her tale.
Perhaps five seconds later, she said, “After nodding his head twice, Mystras pulled out from the pocket of his robes a very large ruby with a strange rune upon it—the jewel was attached to a tri-linked necklace made of gold. While lightly swinging the amulet around his fingers, he asked my mother, ‘Have you ever seen my mother wearing this necklace before, Madame Gylva’ste? I want you to have it as a peace offering—it’s magically blessed.’”
After taking another deep breath, Nemis said, “I saw my mother’s gaze focus for but a second on the beautiful ruby bouncing all around. In the next, she looked back over at the man and said, ‘No I haven’t seen your mother wearing it before, although I really like what she did for the League before she died of cancer last year—I mourned her passing. Additionally, I already know your necklace is not magical, or it would have begun glowing the second you pulled it out in my house, and no thank you…I cannot accept your gift.’
“‘Oh, it’s more than just a gift,’ he said with raised eyebrow, just before he swung the chain around so that ruby—sharpened at the tips—ripped but a tiny scratch off my mother’s skin on her left arm. Though a scratch, the ever-increasing pain caused her to scream out in agony, all the while involuntarily clutching her arm and closing her eyes.
“Therefore, she didn’t notice that a fiery portal bearing the runic-number ‘7’ inscribed on it popped up right behind her position—before I could scream and warn my mother, Mystras kicked her as hard as he could, and as she screamed, she flew through the portal!”
While fighting back her tears, which inner-battle took nearly fifteen seconds to become successful, Nemis finally sniffled, “While laughing like a crazed maniac, he confirmed exactly where he had sent her with the words, ‘Welcome to the Seventh Plane of Hell, Witch!’”
Her face turned into a horrified expression, just before she added, “I never made a sound as I was in shock and frightened…he snapped his fingers and the portal disappeared. He snapped his fingers again, and he teleported away. I was left with the memory of that single second in time for years afterward when she passed through the nightmarish portal—hell with all its demons and devils and monsters! That’s why I remember every word of that night verbatim.”
After sucking in a deep breath, she continued, “For many years to come, my auntie took care of me; unlike my mother, she certainly did not approve of magic whatsoever. So, in secret, I researched everything I could in the public libraries upon the subject of magic and hell…very little luck whatsoever. So it wasn’t until I turned forty that I made my way by horse to the League’s Headquarters, which was two thousand miles away from my aunt’s home on the other side of the continent.”
She had to clear her throat twice, before she could continue on, “Once there, I immediately chose, and became apprenticed into the Dark Arts, as it appeared they were the only ones who had any information on the subject of hell. Of course I’ve seen the man who literally damned my mother many times over throughout the many years that passed, but he never knew or figured out who I was, as my mother had always kept me ‘a closely guarded secret,’ and just as importantly, whenever I was in public, I always kept the hood over my head and ears.
“Eventually, I developed the knowledge, as well the magical powers, to not only secretly kill my mother's enemy, yet survive Hell, so far! And just so you know, I’ve only been here one day longer than you, though I appeared about a hundred miles south of where you crawled out of the sea of corpses, and I was—most thankfully—on dry land. And there’s my story in a nutshell.”
“Wow,” Baltor finally said. “That’s a very crazy story you have there. Bottom line for you being here is so that you can find and rescue your mother, right?”
This time, she did not answer verbally, but by nodding her head several times.
After throwing a quick wink with his left eye, he responded, “In a few ways, you remind me of me.”
Her expression turned curious, before she asked, “How so?”
“Well, Nemis….not just in the fact that I am here to rescue someone, just like you, but kind-of-sort-of in the similarities between our histories, as we were both forced to choose paths we would not have normally chosen. For me, a burglar murdered both of my parents when I was a lad of twelve years, and I was forced to train-and-live the life of a professional thief for many, many years after. Know what I mean or no?”
“Yes, sir,” Nemis replied with a small smile and a nod. “I do. So, do you want to work together as a team, until we’ve rescued both parties?”
After nodding affirmatively a few times, Baltor answered, “Okay, but if you even think to try to pull any diabolical tricks on me, I promise that you won’t win—you have no idea on how powerful the magic is that runs through my blood!”
“On my honor I won't try anything,” Nemis said, while slowly extending her hand out—but a second later, their hands clasped and shook, which handshake was a short one.
“By the way,” Baltor next asked, “what happened to your staff that you were carrying?”
“I can have it come and go as needed. When I don’t need it, I can send it to a nether plane until I do need it.”
“Oh…gotcha.”
“So what’s your name?”
“I am Sultan Baltor Elysian the Fifteenth, but you can call me Baltor,” he said.
“A sultan, eh?” Nemis asked. After a low bow, she sounded flirtatious as she added, “Very, very impressive, my Sultan…”
This time, Baltor had to clear his throat twice, before he could bark out, “Listen Nemis…let’s make one thing perfectly clear! I am here for two purposes alone—one, to rescue my friend. And two—rescue your mother. That is it—I’m definitely not here to start a little romance up, especially here in Hell…understand?”
“Understand,” Nemis responded, now with a hint of sadness in her voice. “I’m sorry that you took my response as being anything but impressed…Baltor. Forget it, let’s just go!” She sounded angry during her final statement.
“Where to?”
After taking a deep breath and sighing just as deeply, she gasped in another deep breath before finally answering, “Follow me. While I lead the way around the city, I will begin explaining things around here to you. Trust me, there are many lessons you need to learn about the Abysmal Plane, which is where we’re located…the very first lesson is that we won’t even reach the First Plane until arriving inside the Arch-Devil’s capital city.”
With a gesture of his hand, Baltor said, “Lead the way then.”
She turned to her left and began walking down the valley that was exactly parallel to the wall—of course, he followed by her side.
A handful of seconds later, Nemis said with a point of her finger, “This city right here is not the capitol or the home of the Arch-Devil, of whom neither I nor you should ever speak out his name, or he will find us in the next moment.”
After taking a quick breath of air through her nose, she stated, “This here city is called Scralcha, and belongs to Daemon-Overlord Thregis. He lives in that one-and-only black castle you most likely saw in the city’s core, possessing more than three hundred thousand demons under his command. Of course, there are rumored to be at least a dozen other cities just like this on this continent alone, of which there are thirteen continents and hundreds more cities overall—each and every city is the processing-center for those souls damned to this abysmal plane.”
After clearing her throat, she added, “From there, they either become slaves in the Mines of Craterus—where they work nonstop everyday chiseling out the rocks in those mines, while frequently being beaten and whipped by demons, or crushed by cave-ins until dug out. Or, the souls are used as cannon fodder in all the rivalry wars that occur between all of the daemon-overlords, which warring is not only allowed yet condoned by the Arch-Devil. Only four times, since the Nine Hells’ creation, has a single daemon ruled over the rest of the overlords.”
“I see,” Baltor responded thoughtfully. Although he had never stopped scanning his horizons looking for any possible danger, he proceeded to look over at her before saying with a smile, “Thank you for revealing all that important information to me, Nemis.”
Looking back over at him and returning that smile, she proceeded to look back at the path before replying seriously, “You’re welcome, my new friend. One more piece of trivia you need to know right now. We have nearly two thousand miles to travel to get to our destination…although I don’t have to stop for rest, I certainly can’t move anywhere as quick as you can, so please keep your pace down to a speed-walk. I’ll tell you everything else I know about this place after we get away from the city, as neither of us can afford to get discovered and have to battle an army of demons, okay?”
“No problem,” Baltor answered, just before his gaze began to scan his horizons once again.
If time were to exist, nearly a week passed as the two never stopped traversing their way westbound through the mountains and volcanoes, all the while sneaking around patrolling demons and avoiding rivers of lava. The colors of the sky never changed, not one iota. Twice a day throughout this timeframe, Baltor observed as Nemis pulled out a metallic flask with magical runes written on them. After she had unscrewed the lid, she would suck down the fluidic contents, and once done, screw back on the lid and put it away.
“What is that?” he had asked, upon seeing her rip open the packet for the first time.
“Oh,” she answered, “it’s a nutritional supply of plasma, like food—it keeps me from getting hungry and supplies me all my daily vitamins, minerals, proteins, carbohydrates and electrolytes. Never ending supply, but only for one person. What do you eat?”
“Pretty much the same food as anyone else,” he said with a shrug of his shoulders, “but for some reason I haven’t been hungry since my arrival—if I do get hungry, I’ll let you know.”
“Yeah, but you’re going to eventually get hungry right?”
Shrugging his shoulders again, he answered, “I don’t know. We’ll see….”
On the eighth day, they finally passed about a mile west beyond the southwestern corner of the wall, before they reached another mountainous valley that traveled directly to the north.
This is the new path they chose—traveling through more valleys that existed between other mountains and volcanoes … not once did they stop and rest, yet not one time did they converse either. Strangely, he had never gotten hungry, tired and weak from not eating food, or from the lack of rest.
Nemis was the next person to speak as she revealed, nearly a day after having left the view of the city, "So, Baltor. The next thing you should know is that once we get to the far side of the Vulcanus Mountains, straight north of our current position in about five hundred miles from here, we will then have to contend with the Fields of Duum. It is on these fields where the wars between the daemon-overlords occur night and day, if night and day existed, which as you’ve seen, they don’t exist! I’ve heard rumors that it’s best to travel north under the fields through underground tunnels, as we do not want to draw unwanted attention…right?"
Baltor nodded his head a few times, before answering, “Correct. So where do we go after that?”
“After that,” Nemis sighed. “We will keep going north through the Swamps of Mucala until we reach the River Styx that passes through the very middle of those swamps, and then we will go east. By the way, I heard two rumors you should hear now: the first rumor is that there are both zombies and medusas in there.”
“What are medusas?”
Nemis explained, “They are half-woman/half-snake creatures, but instead of having hair on the top of their human-looking heads, they have green snakes that writhe all around—if we happen to see one, don’t stare directly into this creature’s human eyes or you will instantly turn to stone.”
“Noted…what’s the other rumor?”
She answered, “The other rumor is that the river begins in the Sea of Gilea, and flows from plane to plane until it ultimately reaches the final plane.”
Even though he realized that she had more to say, he interrupted, "I don't know about that…my friend told me that the only way to get from one plane to the next was by the Arch-Devil."
“Perhaps then that rumor is just a rum—” Nemis was interrupted yet again, but this time that interruption did not come from Baltor.
Coming from an adjacent valley to their right, dozens of deep voices had all together roared out with a whole lot of anger but one single word, “Intruders!!”
Cocking their heads over in that direction, they saw a platoon of demonic warriors already running—or flying low—toward them with fiery swords cocked back and ready to swing. A snake-man stood behind them all—his hands clasped together behind his back, and it seemed there was even a little smile on the snake’s face.
Undaunted, Baltor drew out his swords, just before assuming the ready position. At the same time, Nemis had willed her staff back in her right hand, just before she began to lift it high into the sky and whisper out the arcane words to a protection spell. The crystal on the end of her staff began to glow like a prismatic diamond.
Ten seconds later, both she and Baltor began to glow a pearl-white color, but that last for only a single second in time.
By this time, the demons had clustered together their ranks into a single unit, bearing the shape of a very large triangle so as to stampede over their enemies like a herd of bulls, and now, they were only about a dozen feet and a handful of seconds until they reached their destination…their two targets.
One nanosecond before the very first demon had arrived and now with sword not-too-surprisingly coming down to strike and kill Baltor, the demon very surprisingly found its own body sliced into four pieces by this man’s swords. The demon's body and the fiery sword dissipated into a puff of a smoke.
All the while continuously swinging his swords all around his body quicker than the eye can see, especially because of all the platinum and gold light trails, Baltor now began to walk forward at a normal pace through the charging enemies.
Seven more demons had already transformed into puffs of smoke by the swords, while two other demons became obliterated upon making direct contact with the light on Nemis’ staff. Overall, ten demons had been destroyed before they had a chance to regroup on the other side of the battlefield.
Because Baltor had long ago learned that the best way to defeat the enemy was to “cut the head off a snake,” he next began to will his thoughts as to exactly where he wanted to teleport.
“Charge!” roared the snake-man. Again the demons did as their leader instructed, charging across the battlefield at top speed—this time, three-quarters of them headed for Baltor and the remainder for Nemis.
What none of them expected was for Baltor to teleport right behind the snake-man, already swinging his swords into a double-roundhouse motion. Though the top sword missed as the leader attempted to roll out of the way, the bottom sword didn't miss—head and body split ways permanently, crumpling to the ground.
Upon realizing that she was now alone in the middle of the battlefield except for the large group of demons heading her way, Nemis began casting her own teleport spell. Fortunate smiled upon her as she completed the spell only a single second before three of demons’ swords could slice her body open.
All but one sword missed. That strike came from the demon that accidentally stabbed his buddy, in which body and sword turned into puffs of smoke. Nemis was now standing next to Baltor.
Realizing that his demonic-platoon outmatched, even though they still severely outnumbered their foes by twenty-to-one, the sergeant howled aloud, "Raxx, fly back to post and report…now! The rest of us will fight to the death if necessary!"
All the demons roared out their instant approval. Raxx averted his flapping wings, so that he could fly back to post at top speed.
Meanwhile, the remainder of the demons had already begun to charge across the battlefield with the sergeant in the lead. What none of the demons expected was for a fifty-foot length by twenty-foot high by twenty-foot thick wall of gelatin to appear on the ground in the middle of the battlefield, thanks to another powerful spell cast by Nemis.
Therefore, none could stop in their tracks quickly enough and all became sucked up into that solid wall of acid—powerful acids that speedily/painfully/disgustingly dissolved their flesh. In agony, the demons screamed and wailed; that is, until their bodies perished into puffs of smoke only seconds after.
Baltor did not watch the spectacle, but instead hurled his sword like a spear at the final demon that was almost out of eyesight—the sword impaled Raxx, a split second later, and its body dissipated into oblivion.
The sword, but a moment later, dropped down to the ground, making a sliding noise as the blade sunk into the dirt.
With another willed thought by Baltor, that same sword had already teleported back into his free hand—he henceforth sheathed both swords.
“Ready?” Baltor asked.
“Yes,” Nemis answered, just before she made her staff disappear with the snap of her fingers. She then asked. “By the way, do you perhaps know how to speak telepathically?”
Speaking inside her head, he answered, Yes…do you?
Yes…
Well, that is way we should have spoken in the first place—my bad for not thinking about the possibility.
She shrugged, before replying, It’s okay. You ready to go?
Yes.
They henceforth began to speed-walk northbound through the valleys of the Vulcanus Mountains, consisting of hundreds of miles of jagged mountains and erupting volcanoes, whose peaks around here ranged between one-to-twelve thousand feet tall. Surprising to them, there were very few caves to be found anywhere so far, which actually proved to be a good thing as the entrances to every cave was not only guarded by demons, yet scouting imps who patrolled the surrounding areas for about a mile.
Without resting a single second the entire time, nearly another week’s time passed before Baltor and Nemis finally began to near the last stretch of mountains—not one ounce of conversation occurred.
Exactly twenty-four hours and one minute later, when only a handful of mountains remained in their way, including the eight-thousand-foot tall one that blocked their view, they had already begun to hear the sounds of combat coming from the other side—yelling, screaming, wailing, howling, and crying.
As they continued to speed-walk through this valley that turned into a T-intersection in which they could go left or right, Baltor asked, So where’s this tunnel entrance you mentioned before? Left or right?
Nemis glanced over, before answering with a smile, We’re nearly there—about a day’s walk. Right.
Not returning the smile, he asked, Is there anything ‘dangerous’ crawling about in those tunnels that you know of?
This is the Abyss. I’m sure that there are, Baltor, but I don’t know what.
Before we enter into a single tunnel, Nemis, I first want to see this battlefield from atop…like up there on the top of that mountain.
Well, go right ahead, but first let me make us both invisible—it would not be a good idea for either of us to be discovered. Am I right?
With a nod, he replied, I wholeheartedly agree.
She proceeded to chant aloud her spell, in which the chanting took one minute’s time. Once completed, they both turned invisible and exactly at the same time.
Still using telepathy, Baltor sounded congratulatory as he stated, Well, we are both now invisible. Excellent job!
Sounding playful, she replied, Thanks…well, you gonna come or what? I’m already at the base of the mountain!
Now running at top speed, Baltor answered, Yes, I am…right behind you.
It was because of his superior hearing skills that he knew her exact location by the sounds of her light footsteps, so there were no worries about the possibility of accidentally running her over as he zoomed on by. Meanwhile, he asked, So how long does this spell last?
Five minutes overall…it’s about to be four minutes…..mark!
Gotcha, Nemis. Thanks!
No problem, Baltor. Now, just so you know, I’m not going to the top…I will stay near the base of the mountain, right near where that cluster of boulders that looks like a clawed hand. Okay?
All right.
Nearly a minute later, he reached the top of the eight-thousand-foot tall mountain; and once there, he began scanning all across the Fields of Duum. The terrain consisted of dead yellow grass on rolling hills that spanned for hundreds and hundreds of miles northwest, north, and northeast—to the east and the west were the mountains. Although he had seen and fought upon many battlefields in his life, in which there was combat going on in sixty percent of these fields, none had ever been this gruesome, chaotic, horrific, bloodied…and massive.
Wave after wave of armed/blood-drenched souls of all different types of race fought ferociously against each other on the bloody entrenchments that were muddied up because of all the rivers of blood—with sword, with hand, or even with tooth if only a head remained. Yes, even the severely mangled continued to move, continued to fight, and continued to attempt to kill any souls from any other faction. Leading those souls onto and throughout the battlefield were scores of demons bearing whips, swords and/or other torturous devices … and leading the demons were the snake-men.
Perhaps a minute-or-so later, in which his mind could no longer count out the seconds due to the utter chaos, his eyes just then spotted a new type of demon. This gargoyle-creature was easily three times the size of the red demons, had abstract-shaped blue splotches all over its black body, and was pointing his clawed finger here and there while growling out orders.
Two other identical creatures stood on the battlefield, although one was green and black and four hundred miles away to the northwest, while the other was yellow and black and to the northeast six hundred miles away.
Unexpectedly, the mountain under Baltor’s feet, as well across much of the battlefield began to shake violently by a great earthquake—countless boulders and rocks of all sizes rolled to the bottom of those mountains that border-lined the fields. He dropped to the prone position, lying on his belly.
Nearly fifteen seconds after the earthquake had begun, a gargantuan-times-gargantuan gray worm most unexpectedly blasted out of the ground near the very middle of the battlefield—an equal-sized wormhole now existed in the ground.
The worm’s one hundred-foot wide mouth contained hundreds of thousands of razor-sharp black teeth that repetitiously opened and closed in the blink of an eye, all the while making squealing noises that sounded like a herd of frightened pigs and eating tons of dirt and/or souls—no demons-or-above!
It turned out to be ten thousand feet long and even had tens of thousands of tiny, fluttering wings all over its body—wings that had allowed it to not only propel its way through the earth, yet fly through the air.
Still another minute or so passed as the worm continued to fly around and feast, before deciding to create another wormhole and fifteen-second earthquake by slamming into the ground headfirst. Never had the souls or the demons stopped in their battling, not even for a single second.
Disrupting Baltor’s observations and thoughts—in which he was amazed, shocked, and horrified all at the same time but not frightened—he heard Nemis’ voice say inside his head, You will become visible in thirty seconds—mark!
He bolted his way down to the base of the mountain, making it to a hiding spot just as he became visible. It was then that his mind heard her ask, Where are you?
Hiding in those boulders you pointed out earlier.
Hold on. I’m on the way.
Once she had arrived only moments later, he said reluctantly, You should know…I don’t think that using the tunnels is such a good idea anymore.
Why not? Instead of answering that question, Baltor, listen…we have to go north. Traveling through—or over—that battlefield is not an option. I could only look out there for about a minute before my mind started to go insane from seeing and hearing at all that horror, in which I will probably have nightmares for years to come. Why—what did you see that changed your mind?
After physically laughing but in a non-amused fashion, Baltor answered, Well, what I saw, which I’m pretty certain you did not, was the thing that caused those two earthquakes. A ten-thousand-foot long worm blasted its way out of, and back into, the ground!
A multitude of negative thoughts and facial expressions crossed her face—the single word that came out of her mouth was, “Really?”
After a single nod with a tight-lipped smile, he answered, Really. Let me tell you a bit more info about this worm. It had a one hundred-foot, ear-to-ear smile filled with hundreds of thousands of sharp teeth inside a mouth that never stopped squealing and never stopped eating souls or dirt. Oh, and it had little wings spread all over its body that allowed it to fly through the skies…but no eyes.
Wow.
So far, it’s been nearly two minutes since you broke me out of my trance, in which this creature had departed shortly before that. Now, I don’t know how often this creature needs to feed—once a day, week, month, longer, or perhaps once every hour—but I think it might be best that we keep hidden here and find out. Sound like a plan?
She nodded her head in agreement, she replied, Sounds like a plan to me.
With a thumbs-up sign, Baltor added, In the meantime, we have to consider an alternate route, in case this worm eats weekly or less…what’s to the east and west of us, where the mountains continue on?
Umm, hundreds and hundreds of miles either direction. Would you like to see my map?
Why didn’t you tell me that you had a map in the first place?
Because I didn’t know if I could trust you—now I know I can. Right, Baltor?
Right, I probably wouldn’t have told you either, but don’t worry, I don’t have any maps.
All right, she said, just before pulling a rolled-up scroll made of human skin out of her interior robe pocket. After taking off the cloth band, she unrolled it out, and held out a corner for Baltor to take—he did.
Per the map, this globular world contained seas, mountains, volcanoes, deserts, prairies, swamps, and even quite a bit of icy tundra at the north and south poles. It also revealed the various-sized-and-shaped territories, indicated by the red lines—thirteen territories—and about eighty cities named, of which thirteen cities were capitals, indicated by the “classic symbol” of the five-pointed-star.
Out of them all, he noted that one city possessing a five-pointed-star with a circle around it, indicating to him the capital of capitals—he could read everything on this map. Pointing with his finger, he stated, This is the Capitol…Bastion. This is where need to go. Where are we now?
Umm, right here. She used her right index finger to point at a spot halfway between the equator and the South Pole.
To their east, nearly six hundred and thirty-two miles away, there existed another minor sea called the Sea of Glom, which never intersected with the sea he had exited. To their west, yet more than nine hundred miles away, was the Unhallowed Desert, which terrain spanned for tens of thousands of square miles.
“Hmmmmm,” Baltor sighed aloud.
Just after he had finished completing his sigh, both he and Nemis heard the sounds of marching, emanating from whence they had come—Scralcha.
He pointed to a hiding spot within their hiding spot, which was underneath one of the boulders—they hid.
Nearly ten minutes later, an entire division of twenty thousand demonic soldiers marched or flew on by to the Fields of Duum—about twenty feet away from the hiding spot.
Marching behind them were hundreds of thousands of human and humanoid souls—and marching behind them was another division of demons. Following in the very rear was a daemon overlord—purple-and-black colored—but because the two continued to remain safely hidden away, they remained unobserved the entire time.
Twenty-three uneventful hours later, in which there was little conversation between the two of them, the ground recommenced to shake again like a violent earthquake, just before the worm-creature returned to feast on more souls, hang around for a few minutes, and depart back into the ground.
Once the earth had resettled, Baltor said telepathically, Going north is out, as this worm eats once a day. So climb on my back and let me give you a piggyback ride, so we can travel all that much faster eastbound…as you know, I’m very, very fast. To be honest, I wish I would have thought of this idea sooner.
Okay, Nemis replied with a small smile as she climbed onto his back, wrapping her arms around his shoulders and her legs around his waist.
After clutching onto the back of her knees with his hands, he began to run at a top speed of twenty-four miles per hour, as the two traveled eastbound through the mountains and volcanoes.
It took a little more than twenty-six hours for Baltor to traverse the six hundred and thirty-two miles, when the sea first intermixed with the mountains…they even saw about a dozen-or-so volcanic islands out there, half of which were erupting. No decomposing bodies out there either.
While one part of Baltor’s mind silently wished that he had been dumped into this sea because there were no corpses in there and it was closer to his destination, the other part noted that the fifty-mile stretch of beach ahead of them was unoccupied. There were a thousand massive docks, which could hold a fleet of equal-in-size ships. With no further delay, he commenced to move northbound at top speed.
In less than four hours of time, they had already passed by the sea, entering the Swamps of Mucala. This swamp seemed typical as all others he had seen before—filled with steamy bogs, swamps and streams. Sporadically spread around these bodies of water were small patches of land, though all of the vegetation from the grass to the leaves was brown and dead—many areas consisted exclusively of quicksand, which Baltor always avoided any and all dangerous areas.
As for the countless amount of other living inhabitants, if you could call them that, they too were similar to the creatures who lived in swamps on his own world—fish, frogs, birds, alligators, and crocodiles—except for the fact that every eyeball glowed red.
Two hours after having entered these swamps, all the while avoiding all the creatures and other dangers, Baltor only then began to find that he did not like the foul and pungent smells, which odors were getting worse and worse by the minute.
At the same time, these same smells had just started to make Nemis’ brain feel lightheaded. She asked, Can we stop please? I really need to wrap my magical scarf around my nose and mouth, as the air around here is not only getting very stinky yet toxic. Please?
Without a word, Baltor stopped on a small patch of dead-grass land, only five feet wide by ten feet long. The surrounding terrain was flooded over by two feet of green and slimy water—only countless dead trees with their semi-exposed roots existed as far as the eye could see. He had been hopping from root to root with a slow speed of seven miles per hour.
Once she had stepped onto the ground, she sought out her magic scarf in her pocket as fast as she could, and once located a few seconds later, she tied it around her head, over her nose and mouth. As her arms and legs were feeling sore from the ride, she began to stretch her arms and legs out, all the while looking around at the swamps. Frequently her eyes stopped at Baltor, but only for a moment or two, before looking away.
Nearly at the same time, he took off his helmet, set it on the ground, and ripped off a strip of his undershirt before tying it around his mouth and nose. His eyes nonstop scanned his horizons, but not once had he looked at her.
Upon watching Baltor put back on his helmet, only then did she ask, Is that going to be enough for you?
Yes, Nemis, I don’t need air to breathe. I just don’t like the smells around here.
Gotcha.
As she began to look around at the area yet again, she only then observed that there were creatures either swimming or crawling toward them from all different directions—all bearing those red, glowing eyes.
“Baltor!” Nemis called out verbally, on accident.
Baltor—who had already noted the creatures about ten seconds earlier—put his right index finger over his lips before shushing, “Shhhh.”
Just then, many of those creatures began to rise to their feet, so they could walk erect toward them. They were not crocodiles or any other sort of swamp creature—they were rotted-away zombie-humans wearing rusty armor and wielding just as rusty weapons. All the while, Baltor continued to remain calm and still, though Nemis did not know why—she was scared out of her wits.
It was only as the first of the creatures drew within ten feet of their position that he called out using a commanding voice, “Stop! I am Sultan Baltor Elysian, your master. You will serve me…yes?”
After stopping in their tracks, some faster than others, they howled nearly at the same time, “Yes, master!”
“Good,” Baltor sighed aloud. “Now my first order is that you do not harm my friend or myself, not even on accident—so do not come any closer than you are. And my first question to you is: do you know the route to the River Styx…and which way we need to head?”
“Yes, master,” they said, just before they all pointed to the northeast, some slower than others.
“Great, and do you know if the River Styx is the best way to reach the Arch-Devil of the First Plane, as he and I have an important business meeting that is of a top-top-top secret nature?”
The zombies answered in unison, “Yes, master. It is the only way.”
“Excellent,” Baltor stated. “How far is the river from here?”
“Not far away…not far away, my master.”
“My final question is: will you fight for me no matter who or what it is that attacks?”
“Yes, master.”
“Perfect,” Baltor said with a tight-lipped smile. “Then you will follow behind my friend and I until we have reached Styx, just in case we run into any other monsters we’d prefer to avoid, including those medusas I heard about. Understood?”
“Yes, master.”
Nemis half-whispered, “Is it really such a good idea to have these zombies follow you? Though they claim to serve you, of which reason I have no idea why they would in the first place, I still don’t trust them, not one bit.”
“Fine, your choice,” Baltor said while looking over at her. “We have a decent-sized army of six hundred and two undead soldiers. But, I guess we will arrive at the Arch-Devil’s palace, alone—just you and me.”
“Good,” she replied with a wink.
Baltor sighed, just before looking out amongst the undead and ordering, “I’m altering my orders—you shall all stay here and continue with your protective duties. My final order is that none of you will ever speak of us to anyone, ever. Perfect job, soldiers.”
“Thank you, master.”
“Climb on my back,” Baltor said to Nemis.
She climbed aboard, just before they continued their journey northeast, hopping from root to root for the next hour-or-so; that is, until came the ever-increasing sizes of land that he could run across, which he did.
Approximately eight hours later and strangely without any other encounters whatsoever, including medusas, they now stood on the small sandy beach that existed just before a massive river with strong, flowing rapids. The winds blew at thirty-mph winds. Almost too coincidentally, they saw a two-manned rowboat sitting on the beach nearby—two pairs of oars stuck out the sides.
Baltor stopped in his tracks, just before Nemis climbed down to her feet. Only because of the unceasing winds did they both—at the same time—decide to take off their masks. She put hers away in her pocket, while he dropped his rag to the ground.
Still not seeing anyone around, he asked aloud, “Well, think we should use the boat, or just hoof it downstream?”
“Hoof it,” she answered, while cocking her head over toward the direction they needed to travel. “But I want to walk for a while and stretch my legs out…they’re sore, as is my fanny.”
After nodding his head twice, the two proceeded on foot down the beach, which river—they discovered—progressively got more and more turbulent as it went.
Nearly a mile and twenty minutes passed before she said, “Okay, Baltor, I’m ready to get this show on the road…and climb aboard.”
“Okay.”
Once she had climbed aboard, he proceeded to move at his top speed down the beach.
Forty-eight miles and two hours later, and without a word spoken throughout this part of the trip, they came to discover that the rapids abruptly transformed itself into a cascading five-hundred-foot tall waterfall.
Beyond the waterfall lay hundreds more miles of swamplands, and of course, the turbulent river that zigzagged its way beyond the next horizon.
Still holding onto his back, she said near his ear, “Guess it’s a good thing we didn’t take the boat.”
“Yup, you’re right about that…hold on. I’m going to jump. We’ll be fine. My legs will absorb all the shock.”
Once she had secured herself onto his back, she said, “Okay.”
He jumped.
Upon making contact with the ground, fifteen seconds later, his knees buckled halfway down, in order to absorb all the shock—though she didn’t feel a thing but a slight reverb upon impact, her feet had only been an inch from touching the ground.
Although she was about to step onto her feet, Baltor suggested aloud, “Just keep holding on.”
Without hesitation, he bolted at top speed—forty minutes later, they came across yet another waterfall, yet this drop was a nine-hundred-footer.
As before, he stated, “Hold on,” before hopping off the cliff, which took a little more than twenty seconds before he hit the ground—after landing as before, except for the fact her feet did gently caress the ground this time, he continued trekking along the beach.
Twenty minutes later, they reached still another waterfall—this one, however, had a drop of two thousand feet.
Unlike the previous ones, he did not jump upon reaching the edge of the cliff, but stopped and looked all around—a few moments later, he said, “Step down for a minute, please.”
“Okay.”
He double-checked all around, and as he still saw nobody, he visualized a portal to open—a rune appeared in his mind, and his finger drew it into the air while his mouth said, “Follow me.”
After the portal had opened, he stepped through to the other side—she followed and the portal closed.
“Climb on my back,” he stated aloud on the other side.
Once she had climbed aboard, this time without a word spoken, he continued to travel at top speed down the beach.
Thirty-one minutes later, they both heard the faint sounds of a booming explosion, which came from the very direction they were traveling, perhaps thirty miles away—he stopped in his tracks on a large boulder. She stepped down to her feet before standing to his right side.
Just then, a massive cannonball of fire could be seen sailing fast and high across the skies far ahead in an arcing pattern, also about thirty miles away. Only moments after it had disappeared below the horizon, there came the equal-in-volume explosion. They watched on the path.
Before the next second had passed, two fireballs—coming from different directions in that same vicinity—flew across the skies. Moments after disappearing, there came two different booming explosions at the same time.
“War,” was the single word Baltor used.
“Yup, but that’s where Bastion lies.”
“Hmmm,” he hummed with pursed lips and scrunched eyes. Once that look had cleared, he said a few seconds later, he said, “Climb aboard, but ensure to keep your eyes peeled for enemy demons guards, or anything far-far worse! Especially now.”
“Always have been,” she stated while securing her body on his—he took off at top speed.
Ten minutes later, in which they had witnessed hundreds of fireballs and explosions during this timeframe, they reached yet another waterfall, but this waterfall had an astonishing drop of five thousand feet.
It was then that Nemis stepped down back to her feet, before standing to his left side at the cliff’s edge, so that she too could take a close look at what lay beyond, and far below. Even with her elfish eyes, which are twice as good as human eyes, she could easily see a whopping distance of one thousand miles. Neither was Baltor human either, and so he had a maximum visibility range of four thousand miles.
Here are all of the “necessary-to-mention things” they observed—but definitely not in the same order.
Once the river water had reached the base of the waterfall, it continued to flow at a rapid pace as it chaotically zigzagged its way all around this charred wasteland/hellish battlefield for a grand total of eighty miles. Until finally, every last drop of water somehow poured through a very large metallic grate—at the base and in the middle—of a glowing-blue “force field,” which force field possessed the shape of a dome that was one hundred miles in diameter—the size of at least a dozen cities.
Whenever a flying fireball struck this “impenetrable wall of energy,” which happened every other minute as fireballs were continuously being shot from everywhere and to everywhere, the dome would dissipate for a split second, and the dark silhouettes from hundreds of thousands of buildings of all shapes and sizes could be seen inside—the Capital City of Bastion.
Regarding the nonstop battling occurring around the city—thousands of miles in nearly all directions but Baltor and Nemis’ direction—it appeared to be “impossibly dangerous!”
Not just because of the hundreds of large catapults that launched those high-explosive fireballs every other minute—yet more-so because of all the swarms battling on land…and in the air! Legions of red devils armed with pitchforks versus legions and legions of demons bearing a wide variety of colors, shapes, sizes and weapons.
Of course, it did not take Baltor and Nemis too long to note perhaps the worst danger of all. Flying above and all around the city itself were six dragons without any flesh at all, except for their purple glowing eyes…massive creatures with thousand-foot long bodies, but nowhere were they close in size to that worm.
Only seconds after Baltor began to pay closer attention to the dragons, wondering if he could mentally control them with his powers, yet another skeleton dragon with five heads joined them, after exiting out the very top of the sphere—it was five times bigger than the rest.
Guessing his thoughts by looks alone, she said, I will not say the name of that particular dragon, at least forthright, due to their keen magical abilities. In reverse, I can safely say that this creature’s name is pronounced, ‘Inavakam.’
Baltor nodded, as his head had interpreted the name to sounding like, “Makavani.” Also using telepathy, he asked, What’s the Arch’s name in reverse?
Nemis answered, laeeB droL-liveD-emerpuS!
“Gotcha,” he said aloud. For, in his mind, he had translated it to be “Supreme-Devil-Lord Beeal.”
Only a few quiet seconds later, he asked, So, Nemis, do you have any ideas how best to get to this city, get inside, find this Arch, and kill him so we can go to the next plane of hell?
Both eyebrows rose for a few moments as she sucked in a deep breath, before answering, Yes, I think we should swim the river until we reach the city, so as to avoid all those creatures out there. In my arsenal I have a spell called “transformation,” which will allow me to transform the both of us into any normal creature for three hours, and I was thinking maybe I could turn us both into bull sharks as they can be incredibly fast in the water, and can swim in salt or fresh water. I even have another powerful spell called “speed,” so as to make us both all that much faster. If we’re not able to make it to the city by the time we turn back into humans, I figured you would let me ride on your back until we arrive, as you’ve proven yourself ‘exceptionally quick.’ As well, strong and intelligent. What do you think?
After sucking in a deep breath through just his nose, Baltor answered, Well, as I am an immortal, I don’t need air to breathe and I am quite fast in any terrain, including swimming underwater. So how about you cast the speed spell first on the both of us, and then you transform just yourself into a shark?
Nemis said happily, Okay, but before I begin casting, let me say congratulations!
Congratulations…for what?
Why—you have succeeded where most have failed, no matter how hard they tried, including me…immortality. How did you accomplish this quest of quests, Baltor Elysian?
As I’ve been sworn to secrecy, Nemis, I can’t answer that question for you, but what I can say is the rest of the plan. Should you turn back into a human before we arrive at the city, let me know telepathically, so that I can swim back to your position. Once I’m there, grab a hold of me around my shoulders, and I’ll get us the rest of way by dog-paddling at a speedy pace…and once we arrive at our destination—the metallic grate at the base of the dome—I should be strong enough to move it, so that we can enter. If not, one of us will have to teleport the both of us inside—you. Any other questions?
Nope.
Baltor said, Okay, start your spell casting.
“Okay,” she breathed out, just before she closed her eyes and began to chant aloud. Once she had concluded, thirty seconds later, he did not see or feel anything happen, but then again, his mind realized that his body had not tried to move either.
Moving as fast as lightning, Nemis bolted into the middle of the river itself forty feet away—only took her one second.
There, at a very speedy and high-pitched tone of voice, she began chanting aloud her second spell. Upon completion, not even ten seconds later, her clothes and possessions disappeared and her body transformed into that of a ten-foot-long bull shark—before the transformation was complete, she was already caught up in the river and hurled over the waterfall’s edge.
Without hesitation, Baltor head-dived after her into the waterfall…nearly thirty seconds later, he splashed deep into the waters below. Once he had leveled his body out at twenty feet deep, in which the river’s bottom was no deeper than thirty feet, he mentally called out, Nemis, are you okay?
Yes, Baltor. I feel great!
Great—follow me.
Baltor began to zoom underwater at a whopping speed of thirty mph, thanks to Nemis’ speed spell that doubled his top swimming speed.
A few seconds after having begun swimming, his sonar-senses revealed that Nemis could swim at a top speed of twenty-eight mph, so he purposefully slowed his pace to match hers.
Thirty minutes and fourteen miles later, the speed spell wore off for the both of them…still they did not stop, but continued to swim underwater at fourteen mph, which was her quickest speed.
Three hours later, they had three-quartered the distance to the city. It was then and there that Nemis began to feel that transformation occur—right away she called out, Baltor…I’m turning back into a human right now!
By the time she had finished saying her sentence, the transformation back was already complete, and a split second later, her black robes were on her elfish body as she waded in the water, with just her head poking above the surface.
Only a handful of moments had to pass before Baltor was already at her position, having swum underwater. After poking his head above the waters, he observed that she hid under a large piece of volcanic rock that jutted two feet out over the river’s edge.
He said, Climb aboard.
She saddled her arms around his neck—without delay he began to dog-paddle down the river, but discovered that he could go no faster than six mph, because of the sounds of the rushing waves that would surge whenever going any faster. After all, they had to keep quiet…so they would not be heard, seen, and discovered.
Thankfully, there were only seven times along the way that they had to stop and hide under large pieces of overhanging rocks—as devils and demons battled each other nearby. Even better, neither group fought inside-or-over the river itself—once that particular mini-battle was over, which sometimes lasted as long as thirty minutes, the two swam on. Inevitably, it took them four hours before they arrived at the grate.
Cocking his head back over his right shoulder, Baltor said, Let go of me.
After Nemis had released her hold, he began to inspect the large rectangular grate—still above the level of the water—to see how it could be opened, if possible, and especially to see if it was booby-trapped.
No booby-traps were discovered—what he did discover was a sliver of a gap that existed between the grate and the walls of the sphere, which sliver gave Baltor the theory that this “grated-door” might be lifted open from the bottom.
Therefore, after diving below the water’s surface, he discovered that the river here was six feet deep, that the bottom half of the grate touched the river’s floor, and most importantly, that there were no booby traps. His theory about this grate being able to open had multiplied, but only lifting it would prove or disprove his theory.
He thus proceeded to secure his feet solid onto the river’s floor, grip the bottom of the grate with his hands, and lift it…all the while using his superhuman strength.
Not only did the grate open, yet it opened quite easily. Only seconds later, it had already lifted five feet up, precisely one foot below the water’s surface, but no further would it budge.
Nemis had not stuck around, yet dove under the water before proceed to swim to the other side.
Once he knew she was on the other side, he twisted his head to the side, lowered his body and shifted around until on the other side—all the while, he kept his hands that were holding the grate up. While remaining underwater, he slowly lowered the grate back down, so that it slid down without any noise.
Once so, he turned around, noting then that Nemis was next to him and swimming underwater only a few feet away—he jabbed his thumb straight up into the air. She nodded.
As soon as their heads had broken the plane of water, slowly and quietly, in which the river’s surface inside the city was surprisingly smooth and calm, they began scanning their horizons for guards, demons, devils, monsters, or whatever evil enemies that might in the vicinity. Even more surprising was the fact that no one was around this part of the city, yet.
At the same time, Baltor’s eyes had already observed that the nearest alley was about sixty feet away, thirty of that feet being a perpendicular street—this narrow alley existed between two palace fences that stood at fifty feet tall. After pointing his index finger toward that alleyway but a handful of seconds later, he dove underwater that same direction and swam fast. Nemis followed right behind.
A handful of seconds later, he arrived at his destination, hiding against the fence made entirely of osmium, a bluish crystalline metal from the platinum family—she joined him shortly thereafter on the other side. Once hidden, they both commenced to take a good look around outside of the alley. Here are the necessary-to-mention things they discovered, although not in the same order.
One, the river itself continued to flow straight through the middle of the city and all the way to other side.
Two, dozens of bridges made of rhodium, another member of the platinum family but with a smooth, shiny surface, had been mounted over this river—the only link between the “south side” and the “north side.” Each bridge was positioned exactly one half-mile apart from the next—the streets were made of the same material as the bridge.
Three, tens of thousands of those osmium (still another type of smooth platinum) palaces of all shapes and sizes were spread throughout the entire city.
Four, various-sized groups of inhabitants roamed about from here to there, ranging from red devils of all sizes and shapes, to black-robed figures of all sizes and shapes, to all sorts of monsters. Some walked while others flew. Not too surprisingly, there were no demons, daemons, or any of those snake-men to be found in this city.
And five, there was no clear indication as to where the main palace might be located.
Although Baltor fractionally suspected that this palace might be in the center of the city, he also realized that this was hell. Perhaps the palace might be under the city, he considered as a stronger option—no matter, he realized that his current attire would make him stick out like a sore thumb.
Therefore, he asked, Do you perhaps have an extra cloak and hood, preferably black? I need to blend in around here.
Actually, you’re so in luck, she replied with a wink of her eye, just before opening up the magical pocket from inside her robes and pulling out a black, wool cape with an attached hood.
While handing it over, she added, Besides concealing your identity, my cape will protect you from extreme cold and hot temperatures…yes, it’s magically powerful.
Although they never stopped using telepathy, Baltor sounded quite appreciative when he answered, Thank you.
You’re welcome.
By this time, he had already tied the cape’s string around his neck and was about to don the hoodie over his head. Meanwhile, his eyes noted that she was now taking off her own hoodie. He asked, What are you doing?
Well, I’ve heard from a countless amount of men from nearly all species that I’m a ‘beauty queen amongst beauty queens.’ Let’s use it to our advantage and ask some male passerby if he knows the location of the Arch’s palace.
“Okay,” Baltor said aloud. “This idea just popped into my head, but I think that we should only use telepathy when absolutely necessary for a while, so we don’t seem suspicious. I’m fairly sure that most of the citizens around here can hear telepathy anyway, but let’s not lose our advantage too soon…Correct?”
“You’re most likely correct, so I concur.”
They henceforth exited the alleyway, casually walking side-by-side down the street. Strangely, not a single person paid the slightest amount of attention to Baltor or Nemis…everyone was too involved in his, her, its, or their own affairs.
Perhaps a minute later, a devilishly good-looking man happened to be walking the opposite direction on the same street—a man (mage or cleric) who was in his mid-forties and wearing reflectively shiny black robes.
It was then that Nemis asked this man, “Excuse me, sir…do you perhaps know the route to the Arch-Devil’s palace? We have an important business appointment with him.”
“But of course I do,” the man said with a slightly excited tone of voice, just before he stopped and turned to face them. Pointing with his index finger, he revealed, “It’s in the smack center of the city. Just keep going the direction you’re going for four hundred more blocks, make a right over the bridge, and go left. It’ll be the second building on the left…you can’t miss it.”
“Thank you,” she answered, just before she and Baltor turned to go the direction that the man had pointed.
“Now hold on, beautiful lady,” the man interjected with a wild wave of his hand. “May I not even have the privilege of your name?”
After pivoting her entire body around to face him, she answered, “My name is Magus Nemis.”
“Pleasure to meet your acquaintance, oh-so-beautiful Nemis…and who are you, evil sir?”
Baltor cocked just his head over to look the man’s direction, answering, “I shall only answer that question if you possess the top-secret clearance papers that authorize you to know the details of my top-secret mission that includes learning my name, documents authorized by the Arch-Devil himself…nothing personal, evil sir.”
“No, I do not carry such papers, and no, no offense taken—happens a lot around here from what I’ve heard. As I am not under any sort of restrictions like you, my name is Asst. Overlord Magus Wane Starly. Nice to meet both of you!”
In response, they nodded. He walked closer.
After stopping but a couple feet away, Wane only then added, “On my home planet of Alderia, I am second-in-command in my entire Order, consisting of twelve thousand other evil wizards of all skill levels. I was especially invited here to teach a two-hour class on the subject of ‘Elemental Fire Magic’ at the University of Hell by the Dean herself, in which the one prerequisite to this class is that you have to be Magus or above. I’m heading there right now, as a matter of fact. You should come along, Magus Nemis.”
“Thanks, I would so love too,” she replied, sounding as sincere as she possible could, “but I’ve got my own mission to handle at the palace, which by the way, is not the same mission my boyfriend has…perhaps afterwards, if there’s enough time?”
“Well, hopefully, my lady—you’re more than welcome to join us… Sir, have an evil day!”
“You, as well,” Baltor said with a respectful nod.
He and Nemis continued walking their way down the road, while the man continued going his way.
Perhaps a minute after they had begun walking, she began donning the hood over her face. Baltor tried to stifle back a chuckle, but failed.
“What are you laughing at, mister?”
“Just at what Master Wane said,” Baltor said while shaking his head from side to side. What he did not reveal to her was the fact that he was “quite amused” because she had decided to cover her beauty back up, especially around here.
It took a grand total of seven hours for them to arrive two blocks short from the palace, as they had never stopped walking at a normal pace.
The one thing that set this cylindrical building different than all the others was that the outer walls were not only made of platinum, yet had encrusted jewels all over it that glowed…that, and the fact that there were hundreds of twenty-foot tall red devils patrolling the property both on the ground and in the sky.
In the middle of the intersection, Baltor pointed using his left thumb for the both of them to turn left—they made that turn and began to walk at a normal pace down this block. A few seconds later, he whispered, “This isn’t going to be easy…at all.”
“You think?” whispered Nemis with quite a bit of sarcasm.
At the next intersection, he pointed to the right—they turned.
As they began walking this new direction, he muttered, “We have a few options at our disposal. Fight our way in, sneak in, or allow ourselves to be captured and brought forth before the leader, in which this final option will probably happen anyway. Which option sound best to you?”
“Umm, I suppose sneaking in, but I have no clue about how we’re going to get in there undetected.”
“Well, we’ll have to see about finding a route.”
“How?”
“I don’t know. Keep walking.”
A few steps later, from out of nowhere yet everywhere around them, there came the sounds of loud, deep and echoing horns from all around the city. Although neither person had a clue as to why they were going off, other than the fact it was an alarm of some type, the citizens apparently did as they concurrently stopped in his, it, or her tracks…in order to turn and face at the pair.
Although Baltor was ready to draw his swords and fight in the very next second, he unexpectedly became teleported from one place to another, discovering that he now stood alone inside an old dungeon cell, in which a glowing-red orb that hovered five feet up in the air near the corner and provided a hint of light. He could still hear the horns, but now they sounded very muffled and quiet.
Upon closer examination of his jail—in which the floor, the walls and the ceiling were made of concreted brown bricks without a single window but one steel door—he noted that the floors were not only dirty yet nasty from quite a few stinky piles of feces and/or puddles of urine—there was no furniture, including a bed.
Finally yet most importantly, he didn’t have to glance down at himself to know that he was now wearing just his loincloth and nothing else—even his beloved swords were nowhere in sight, which only infuriated his anger that much more.
“Darkling great,” Baltor swore out with unreserved agitation. “Forget all this…this is too crazy and difficult…I’m going home where I freaking belong!”
Just after he had begun to form a mental image of his very own throne room in his very own palace on his very own world, in order to teleport home, he expected the rune to appear inside his very own mind…but, for the first time ever, this rune did not appear.
Although furious, he proceed with care around the excrements and over to the door—and once there, he slammed both fists as hard as he could into it, which power would have shattered most other doors to smithereens…but not this one. This door didn’t even dent or budge, nor was there even a slight sound from the impact.
Shaking his head in utter disbelief—especially because he had become imprisoned, weaponless, and just about naked in one split second—he closed his eyes and began to breathe deep in his nose and out his mouth.
Like every time before, a relaxing sensation slowly-but-surely began to course through his body, mind and soul. After taking a few such breaths, he felt calm.
The very second that his conscious mind had again begun to wonder at the location of all his belongings, only a few seconds later, he shockingly felt that his clothes, boots and helmet were back on his body, as if they had never been gone.
He next reached back behind his shoulders with his hands, and sure enough, they both felt the soft leather handles of his swords. At the same time, the lock to the door unlocked, the door opened, and in walked one of those large, red devils.
Baltor could see that this devil bore a strange type of runic symbol burned on its chest—none of the previous devils he had seen had any sort of rune. This time, he did not draw his swords, but slowly lowered his hands until relaxed at his sides.
Pointing its clawed finger at Baltor, the devil barked, “Hey—how did you get all your stuff back?”
“The mind is a very powerful tool,” he answered evenly, “but don’t worry. I’m not going to hurt you, unless you attack me first.”
It laughed out in raucous tones, “Ho ho ho! Oh, I’m not worried—not at all. Even if you manage to slice my head off, both my head and body will re-grow separately and then you’ll be dealing with two of us…ha ha ha!”
Not sounding amused at all, Baltor asked, “So why are you here for?”
“Supreme-Devil-Lord Beeal is waiting to see you now. Escape is futile, so follow me.”
Baltor sighed, “Lead the way.”
Without even caring whether-or-not the prisoner was following right behind, the devil tromped out of the cell and turned to the right—Baltor followed.
This long-and-narrow hallway outside contained ninety-nine other cells on both sides of the wall, as well twenty other red-devil guards who patrolled the area. In between each cell door hovered a red orb. The devils stared evilly at the prisoner as he passed on by.
Baltor’s guard led him first through that hallway, as well a half-dozen additional hallways that contained more cells, orbs, and guards, until finally they came across a spiraling staircase that went up.
It took them nearly ten minutes for them to arrive at the top of the stairs. After traversing this next straight-and-narrow hallway that ended about a half-mile down, there stood a pair of gold doors, guarded by two fifty-foot-tall black-devils, each with a red, glowing rune on its powerful chest—these doors were closed.
Once Baltor’s guard had neared, about three minutes later, the doors opened on their own.
Inside this unbelievably exquisite throne room—literally one hundred times the size of Baltor’s—it had been decorated with the most beautiful and exotic furniture, artwork and treasures he had ever seen. Three elephant-sized wolf-beasts sat on their haunches on the royal-red carpeted floor in the room’s middle, surrounding and protecting the one-and-only kingly throne, made of gold and partially covered in red velvet. These wolf-beasts were far uglier and vicious up close.
Baltor could not help but notice the middle-aged man, perhaps forty, who casually sat sideways on this throne, with his feet kicked high up in the air. He was built like a tank, and his muscle definition could clearly be seen through his very distinguished clothes—a blood-colored collared shirt with a white, fluffy tie, black pants, black knee-high boots, and a black wide-brimmed hat with a long, red feather sticking out of it. His curly, blond hair reached halfway down his back, and the goatee on his flawless, handsome, smiling face was twelve inches long. Out of everything regarding this man—really this Arch-Devil—the thing that “stood out the most” were his eyes: they looked like they could barely control the seething rage inside.
As the guard began to near the throne, he called out, “Supreme-Devil-Lord Beeal. Your guest has arrived…”
“Excellent,” Beeal chimed aloud, “you may go.”
“But sire?”
“Go.”
The guard did not question again, but proceeded to head for the sole exit in this room.
Beeal henceforth sat up in his seat, until sitting proper. Once so, he sounded like a friendly diplomat as he greeted, “Welcome, Sultan Baltor Elysian, from the planet of Sharia. I have been expecting you.”
Looking both surprised and confused, Baltor asked a handful of moments later, “You’ve been expecting me?”
“Certainly,” Beeal replied right away and with a devilish smile, “I’ve known about your presence since you landed on my beach. Ever since have I been carefully studying everything about you…my, my, my, you are such a fascinating creature.”
Baltor did not know how to respond, so he did not say anything.
Without losing his smile, Beeal continued, “So you’re here to rescue a friend…hmmmm? Some friend you are, or should I say, some friend you have.”
“Yes to all the above,” Baltor simply answered.
“I also see you’ve gotten your armor and weapons back,” Beeal stated, just before he sighed. “I do remember that I clearly ordered my guards to lock all that up for safekeeping, especially those beautiful swords of yours, and yet…you somehow have them back! Most fascinating.”
“Thank you, Beeal,” Baltor said with a nod.
After sitting up in his seat in the blink of an eye, Beeal’s facial expression turned from “pleased to peeved!” His index finger pointed just-as-fast at Baltor, just before he yelled angrily, “You will give me the common courtesy of identifying me with my hard-earned rank, as I have done with you, Sultan Elysian!” His words echoed off the walls a half-dozen times.
Baltor delivered a slight bow, before stating sincerely, “My sincerest apologies, Arch-Devil Beeal. I meant no disrespect.”
Beeal sat back, before his face cleared of all anger, even his eyes. Once again sounding pleased, Beeal stated with a crooked smile, “Close enough. Thank you, Sultan.”
Baltor asked, “Instead of doing all this social chitter-chatter, can we please just get to the point of this here meeting, please?”
The Arch-Devil rose to his feet—his smile was gone once more, with the pupils in his eyes flashing “fire” for a few seconds. At the same time, the wolf-beasts next to him began to growl quite angrily and menacingly…ready and eager to hear the order to “attack!”
Baltor did not reach for his swords, although he was ready to do so.
Perhaps ten hold-your-breath seconds passed, which timeframe felt an eternity to Baltor, before the devil’s posture relaxed and he sighed. After sucking a deep breath, Beeal looked and sounded rather disappointed as he said, “Fine…but I must say that you humans are so dull in the fact that you can’t stop to chit-chat once in a while. Rush-rush-rush.”
As he began to walk closer, his expression abruptly transformed to business-like, just before he asked, “Fine then, you want to get straight to business? Let’s make a deal, Sultan Elysian…I’ve ruled this Plane of Hell for the last millennium. And though the Crimson Wars you see outside my Capitol once proved a great source of entertainment for me, this war will never stop as it is somehow beyond even my control—I think the Chief of Devils Azalea is responsible. To be honest, I’m sick and tired of hearing these explosions. I want more…much more.” By this time, he stood only five feet away.
Baltor shook his head a few times, in order to try to air out the confusion going on in his brain, which actions did not work whatsoever. He therefore asked, “What more could an Arch-Devil possibly want that his very own hellish plane?”
Hearing that question, Beeal began to laugh evilly—the beasts were cackling as well, sounding just like hyenas.
Once he had stopped laughing, he lightly clapped both hands together, before answering without an ounce of humor, “Why…there are eight grander planes!”
“What do you want me to do for you? Kill all of the other Arch-Devils, so that you can be the quote-unquote ‘top dog’?”
Beeal sighed, “No… Just the Arch-Devil of the Second Plane—his name is Set. It will take me at least a millennium or two more to gain enough power to wrest control over the Third Plane. By then, I may have someone else like you working for me…maybe even y-o-u.”
Baltor considered agreeing to “the devil’s deal,” but for only a moment. Instead of answering, he asked the question that had been lingering in his mind, “What about Nemis?”
“What about her?” Beeal asked oh-so-innocently.
“Well…I need to take her with me to the next plane, as she is my teammate,” Baltor said with a shrug of his shoulders. “Furthermore, what I also need from you, if I were to agree to your deal, is for you to magically ensure that she and I don’t get detected by Set once we land on his beach. Last but not least, I need you to enchant both of my swords so that they can actually kill this Arch-Devil, even temporarily…then you and I have a deal.”
“My, my, my,” Beeal replied, “you ask a lot, Sultan Elysian!”
After releasing a single chuckle that did not sound amused one iota, Baltor replied evenly, “As do you, Supreme-Devil-Lord Beeal.”
Extending out his hand, Beeal said with a crooked smile, “Deal.”
Baltor extended out his own hand—as they shook hands, he unexpectedly began to sense that Beeal was attempting to psychically probe into his mind. Though he tried to yank his hand away with all of his strength, even with his superhuman strength, he couldn’t release the grip—he yelled, “Stop!”
“Relax, Sultan. I’m just trying to extract some information about you…in particular, I want to know what immortal race you belong to, although your human disguise is nearly perfect.”
By the time he had finished speaking, Baltor only then felt his mental defenses beginning to collapse under this devil’s superior mental offenses—acting only under instinct, his free hand grasped his sword, drew it out of its sheath, and sliced off Beeal’s hand.
While that hand dropped to the ground, Beeal’s other hand grasped and clutched at his handless and blood-pouring wrist, while crying out in agony and pain. Two seconds later, that wrist had already grown a brand-new hand, and he stopped crying. All the while, the wolf-beasts had not only risen to their feet, yet were now rushing hardcore at Baltor.
As for Baltor, he had not waited around, but had already rolled a half-dozen times to safety, before assuming the ready position with swords drawn and facing them all.
Beeal began to clap his hands while laughing, “Ha ha ha….very clever…bravo!”
Sensing that the wolf-beasts were about to leap onto Baltor, in order to tear him to pieces, he added, “Hold your tracks, my friends…this is my fault because I did not ask his permission.”
The wolf-beasts had already stopped in their tracks, only a dozen feet away, though they continued to furiously bark, and growl, and drool.
“Will you please tell me your race, Sultan Elysian?”
“No, sir…some things are better left unknown.”
“Fine then, be that way,” Beeal said with a hint of dissatisfaction. That face cleared right up, just before he stated, “Sometime in the future, that is if you manage to survive the other eight planes, I want you to come back and find me…I feel that you and I would get along famously and would work well together.”
“Perhaps,” Baltor responded, while sheathing his swords. “But I doubt it will happen. I already have other plans.”
Instead of replying, the Arch-Devil turned around and began walking toward his throne. While enroute, he snapped his fingers one time, just before saying nonchalantly, “As per the deal, your swords now have the power to kill Set.”
He snapped his fingers yet again.
Nemis appeared only a few feet away beside Baltor. Thankfully, she wore her robes and had all her gear, including her staff.
“Where—where am I?” she asked, looking slightly dazed.
He put his index finger in front of his lips, in order to silence her—she clammed up.
Beeal snapped his fingers a second time—this time, both Baltor and Nemis glowed a black color, but for only another second.
Nemis was about to ask what had just happened, but again, Baltor gestured for her to keep silent—she did.
Meanwhile, Beeal pushed a button on his throne, which began to tilt backwards until the top rested one inch above the floor. A large, circular hole existed underneath where the bottom of the throne had once been, and they could all hear the sounds of flowing water below.
It was then that Beeal turned around to face Baltor and Nemis, just before giving a little smile. “If you do not fulfill your part of the deal, Sultan Baltor Elysian, I will personally come find you and feast off your body and soul for all eternity, no matter your race.”
After giving Nemis a little wink, he added right away, “As for you, young and beautiful mage, perhaps one day you might want to also join my ranks, but that is a subject for you to think about in the future…but not now. Go.”
Without another word spoken, Baltor clasped her hand as he guided her around the wolf-beasts that were in the process of backing up, and up to the hole.
Once there, they jumped into the river. Before it could flush them down to the next plane of hell, Baltor’s mind clearly heard Beeal’s voice say, Remember our deal, Sultan.



CHAPTER II


After a most thrilling ride down one single waterslide that twisted and turned in nearly every direction—especially downward—and lasted almost an hour’s time (if time existed), Baltor and Nemis were both dumped a dozen-or-so feet below the depths of the River Styx.
Right away they swam their way back up, and once they reached the surface but a couple of seconds later, the very first thing to capture their attention was the fact that they were now surrounded by thousands and thousands of miles of desert just about everywhere they looked. Jagged mountains were the backdrop.
Instead of taking a thorough look around first, Baltor pointed toward the riverbanks on the left side, just before dog-paddling that direction. Nemis followed right behind.
Even before reaching dry land, a handful of seconds later, they had observed and noted all the “other trivialities” about their current surroundings, but of course, not in the same order: One, the only source of water poured out of an “invisible pipe in the skies.”
Two, that same water poured into the fifty-foot wide river that oh-so-gently flowed two opposite directions upon a perfectly straight line beyond vast stretches of desert sand dunes and/or small groups of palm trees. Unlike the previous plane where all the vegetation was dead, all of the vegetation around here was green and vibrant.
Three, to their left, there stood the single largest structure that either person had ever seen, possessing the shape of a triangle that was as wide as it was tall—five hundred miles tall, Baltor’s mind calculated. The river spanned for a grand total sixty miles before draining into the very middle of this structure.
Four, there was an extremely bright, white and hot sun positioned directly over this structure, which structure proved to be the sole sign of civilization around here.
And five, they discovered with relief that there were no wandering creatures, souls, demons, monsters, or devils to be dealt with, yet. In fact, the only life forms at all to be discovered were the vegetation including palm trees, and the two of them—not even bugs, birds or fish.
Though Nemis was still dealing with “awe” at seeing this structure, she asked upon standing on dry land, Do you mind if I get my cape back, pretty please with sugar on top? The temps out here are a blistering one hundred and eighty degrees, and I’m really starting to burn up!
As he began untying the cape, in order to take it off and hand it over, he answered aloud, “Yes, you can have your cape back…and as there’s no one around, so you can speak if you wish.”
By the time he had finished speaking, she had already thrown it on her shoulders, put on the hood, and was in the process of tying it around her neck. “Great! In case you don’t know, that building over there is called a pyramid. Though I’ve never seen one in real life before, until now, I once read about them on a scroll that was a few dozen pages in length.”
“Never heard of a pyramid before, not even in my geometry class. What are pyramids used for?”
After donning the hood over her head, she answered, “The scroll didn’t reveal a whole lot of useful information. Besides vaguely mentioning that some of the priestly rites were performed inside these buildings, dedicated to their pantheon of gods, the priests also used pyramids to store the dead bodies of the pharaohs, or god-kings, as well his large entourage of wives, slaves, and animals, so that they could all safely transfer between life and death to the afterlife. This unknown author illustrated a half-dozen of their major gods, including the god who rules this hell, identifying them by name and attributes—attributes that clearly defined their individuality and place within the pantheon…”
She took another deep breath, before revealing this next piece of information, “The surprising twist at the end of this scroll, at least to me, was the fact that the author only then labels this polytheistic religion gets labeled ‘false and extinct,’ asking the reader to come to their temple to learn about their monotheistic God named ‘Jehovah.’ Unfortunately, I no longer have the scroll anymore, or I’d show it to you…I trust you now.”
“Well, thanks,” became Baltor’s reply. After sucking in his own deep breath, he added, “At least here in this Hell, this religion ain’t false and extinct. In fact, in my opinion, this pyramid is the best place to start looking for the Arch…especially because I don’t see any other possible options, unless other options exist beyond the mountains or that pyramid?”
“Yeah, I concur that this pyramid is the best place to start,” she answered. “Hey, just so you know, I have no more maps, and only a bit more relevant information to convey from the scroll I did read.”
“That’s okay about not having any more maps,” he replied. “So what other information do you have?”
Nemis answered, “This particular Arch was the first one identified out-of-a-dozen gods on the scroll, in which I don’t need to reveal this individual’s name, thanks to Beeal. The Arch on this Plane is a trickster and murderer in nature, even having murdered his own brother Osiris in his lust for power. He even had his own vast cult of devout followers for more than a millennium—all of them being just as evil and backstabbing…so that’s all I know.”
Baltor nodded his head one time, before saying with appreciation, “Great…thanks for sharing. That is a lot of useful information to digest, actually.”
“You’re welcome,” she said with a small yet appreciative smile.
As he shifted his gaze back to the pyramid, he observed that this structure had no entrances, except for that one small tunnel in the very middle on the ground floor where the river flowed in—ten feet above the water by twenty feet wide. Unlike at Bastion where they had to sneak in, all they had to do was walk right up and enter.
“All right, climb aboard,” he said—she did.
Baltor ran for the pyramid at his top speed. Two hours and forty-five minute’s time, they arrived at the entrance—she stepped down to the ground once he had stopped. Not once throughout this entire trip had they even seen any other living creatures or demonic guards, but Baltor reasoned it might have to do with Beeal’s “non-divine interference.”
“Remember that we need to be extremely careful once we’re inside,” Nemis suggested. “Who knows what lies in here?”
“True, true,” Baltor replied. “So that’s why we’re going to hold hands until we see the light at the end of the tunnel, as I can see through the darkness with my night-vision.”
With a wink, she replied, “You should know that we don’t have to hold hands for that particular reason, as I can see just fine in the dark too—called infrared vision. But we can hold hands if you want to for other reasons…”
Baltor was about to rebuke her again for her “flirtatious behaviors,” but changed his mind. Instead of saying a single word, he sighed with annoyed tones.
“Please listen to me until I’m done speaking,” Nemis said softly. “I know we’re very different people from each other, but I can’t lie when I confess that I am so deeply attracted to you…you are the essence and the embodiment of man!”
Before he could say something, which he was about to, she added, “Now just so you know, I’m not even thinking of starting a romance up right now with you here in Hell. But, when we get done with this crazy-crazy-crazy little adventure, and trust me when I say that I’m willing to go with you all the way to the Ninth Plane to rescue your friend….will you—after this is all over—perhaps consider asking me out on a date?”
“Perhaps,” became Baltor’s one-word answer nearly ten second later.
“‘Good,” she said right away, and with an elated smile.
Not returning the smile, he instead raised his left eyebrow before cocking his head toward the entrance, and asking, “Ready to enter?”
“Yes,” she answered, no longer smiling and back down to business.
After nodding his head once, Baltor said, There sure as hell aren’t any life forms out here, but who the hell knows what kind of monsters dwell inside the pyramid? So for now, let’s go back to using telepathy. Okay?
She nodded her head and replied, Okay.
With Baltor in the lead, they entered the dark tunnel made entirely of pebble-covered concrete—the water level stood at four feet deep. Thanks to his vampiric vision, he could see that this straight-and-narrow tunnel stretched for only one mile, before turning left at a ninety-degree angle. He could not see what lay beyond this corner.
After having made the turn, he discovered that this tunnel traversed only fifty feet, before making a ninety-degree right turn. It spanned for a half-mile before making a left. Just before they were about to make that left, Baltor’s left foot stepped on a booby-trap on the floor, which sound became swallowed up by the water.
In the blink of an eye, the pointy tip of a lance had already swung from beyond the borders of the specially designed hole in the ceiling, puncturing not only through the front of his armor, yet out the back—though in a hell of a lot of pain and agony, he forcibly managed to bite back his scream! This lance—all the way up to the defensive bracer—happened to be six feet long, made of steel, glowing blue, and razor-sharp.
Nemis looked shocked, horrified, and disgusted, and not just because she had witnessed the lance come out of his back, yet more-so because of all the blood that now covered and drenched all over her own face and robes. Thankfully, she had her mouth closed and she had blinked, and even more thankfully, she had been five feet behind him.
Once that pain had subsided, but only just a fraction, Baltor gazed down in total disbelief at the lance still lodged in his chest, feeling oh-so-stupid that he hadn’t been looking for underwater booby-traps. His first profession had been “a master thief,” after all.
Fighting back her tears, Nemis asked, “Is there…is there anything…I can do?”
With a whole lot of strain in his voice as he continued to fight the agonizing pains, he answered, “No. I got…to pull this out…myself!”
Right away, he ever-so-painfully began to pull the lance—inch by inch—from his body.
Once removed, nearly a minute later, he henceforth pulled out the canister of seasonings, poured a bunch of it into the palm of his hand, and rubbed it over the front of his wound—instantly a frothy substance grew all over the wound. Nemis watched him work in silence.
In five seconds time, not only was the wound completely healed, yet there wasn’t even so much as a scar—front or back! Other than the remaining large gaping holes in his armor and padding—front and back side—he now looked and felt one hundred percent fine.
After releasing a deep sigh, Baltor sucked in a deep breath before saying, I think swimming our way will be much better, as opposed to walking, as I don’t want to repeat that mistake ever again…so, please climb aboard my back?
Okay.
For about the next fifty miles, he dog-paddled with Nemis riding piggyback, making ninety-degree turns left or right every so often—the funny thing was the fact that there hadn’t even been one intersection or exit. Yet this task had taken about ten hours as he had been attentively checking this tunnel for indications of any booby traps, above and below water. Still, despite his best efforts, his pedaling feet had trigged still another trap one minute later—a magically invisible, taut wire hanging halfway between the bottom and the surface.
Just as fast as the tusk had moved, a wall of stone slammed down right behind their position, perhaps ten feet away, blocking the route they had come. He stopped, turned around, noticed the wall, and said, “Well, I guess we’re trapped in this pyramid…might as well keep moving.”
“True, true.”
He spun around, before proceeding to dog-paddle, noting that the next turn they had to make was to the right, after a five-mile stretch. They had gone one mile, when—all of a sudden—Nemis became completely yanked off Baltor, and dragged beneath the water.
He stood onto his feet, drew his swords, spun around and frantically looked all around the waters while yelling, “Nemis—Nemis! Where are you?”
Even though he had been able to see through the now-still waters, he could see no trace of his friend, anywhere.
Just when he was just starting to give up, nearly an entire minute that felt an eternity later, she resurfaced about forty feet away, already sucking in a deep gasp of air. Even worse, something wormy, slimy, and black had wrapped itself around her waist several times over—it was as thick as both of his powerful arms put together. Most likely an eel, he presumed.
He was just about to swim over and rescue her, when most unexpectedly, another eel had wrapped just the tail section of its body around his right leg and yanked. Without any time to react, this eel was already dragging him backwards beneath the waters.
It was not until it shifted its movements by going the opposite direction that Baltor was able to use the sword still in his right hand to slice three-quarters of the way through its midsection—it died with a final squeal.
After rising to his feet and shaking his head to clear the water on his face, he saw that this eel had been three-foot thick and fifty-foot long, and it had dragged him five hundred feet in under a half-minute. Of course, there were hundreds more of those eels of various sizes swimming his way—eels that possessed green-glowing eyes. Unfortunately, he saw that Nemis had been dragged underneath the surface of the water only a split-second earlier, for the second time.
Without any further delay, he treaded forward toward Nemis’ last known location, all the while swinging his swords all around his body, including through that water as if it did not even exist, for it did not splash around.
Only moments later, he had already killed dozens of eels, but to his dismay, three new eels had managed to wrap their tails around three different limbs. One, his left arm; two and three, his legs. Once again, they pulled and dragged him beneath the surface, but this time in different directions.
Thankfully, Baltor proved to be physically stronger, and thus he managed to regain his footing, before swinging his swords low in order to kill those attached eels—of course, the creatures continued to electrocute and try to paralyze him, but the voltage had no effect.
In the blink of an eye, he killed two of the three. However, three more eels—in the same moment—had just wrapped their tails around three different areas of Baltor’s body, including one around his neck and head.
All the while, hundreds continuously slithered around his entire body—every so often, one of them would either take a fist-sized bite out of his face, back, or stomach, or electrocute him.
In pain and frustration, he began to wonder if he was going to make it out of this battle alive, despite being an immortal.
Just when all seemed lost, a massive fireball exploded all around Baltor’s immediate location. The spherical explosion was so powerful that it blasted through the waters, causing thousands of gallons to turn instantly to steam, while killing hundreds of eels in the thirty-foot-blast area. On the bright side of things, he was, for the most part, impervious to fire, having suffered third-degree burns from the blast.
He rose back to his feet, observing hundreds of eel corpses floating all around. Nemis now stood on her feet about twenty-five feet away, but she was facing the opposite direction and chanting yet another spell with her hands raised in front of her.
Perhaps five seconds later, an entire blizzard’s worth of below-freezing air, snow and ice shot forth from her hands, which fast turned the waters ahead to pure ice, and froze a thousand more incoming eels.
Baltor swam through the waters until he stood by her side—by then his wounds were gone and without any evidence of scars.
“Thank you,” he said gratefully, after standing to his feet. “I thought I was gonna be a goner…and I already thought you were a long goner!”
“Soooo,” she sighed aloud with a little smile. “Are you now glad to have me around?”
“Actually, ya,” he answered, returning that smile. “So how many more times can you do that freeze spell?”
Instead of answering the question, she asked her own, “Why do you want to know?”
“Well, maybe…we can slide our way down on the ice until we get to our destination, so that we don’t trigger any more underwater traps.”
“Sorry, but I have to wait twenty-four hours before I can do that spell again, or fireball. I do have a lightning-bolt spell, but I figured it’d be ineffective against those eels,” she answered with a little shrug to her shoulders.
“Oh,” he said using grim tones, “that sucks you don’t have another ice spell. What really, really sucks is the fact that my warning senses aren’t alerting me to traps like normal…I’m not happy about it at all.”
“That,” she came back with a point of her finger, “is probably because you’re in Hell—the Second Plane to be exact.” She proceeded to point two fingers into the air for the next couple of seconds.
“Yeah, true,” he said, while squinting his eyes and considering her words. “Still, there’s got to be another way to avoid all these traps…”
“Hmmm…well we have two options.”
He asked, “What are our options?”
She answered, “One, both of us has teleporting abilities, although I have to visually see where I’m teleporting, and with this maze, we’re not going to get very far. Not sure how your runic-teleportation powers work, just yet.”
Before he could tell her, she added, “Our other option is that you can hold onto me piggyback style while we fly at a fast pace for about thirty minutes, until my robes run out of magical power. So talk to me.”
“I, like you, have to know where I’m teleporting to, in which I am given a rune for the new coordinates that I have to draw in the air, so I think the second option is the best route…at least it’ll get us closer to the middle of this thing.”
“All right,” she said, “hold onto me.”
He did, wrapping his arms around her shoulders and clasping his hands together—as soon as he had done so, she forthwith closed her eyes, focused her mind, and raised both of her arms high up in front of her.
As the two began to elevate only a handful of seconds later, she opened her eyes and began to will herself forward—they flew deeper into the tunnel.
Perhaps a minute later, he asked, “I’m not choking you or anything, am I?”
“No…I’m fine,” she answered right away without looking back, “Thanks for asking.”
A few moments after that, their flight speed multiplied, moving as fast as the galloping pace of a horse—two hundred feet later, the ice abruptly ended and they were once again traversing over water.
Thirty minutes, twenty-two miles and dozens of turns passed before the two slowly-but-surely began to descend back down into the water, until the flight had landed. Throughout the entire time, neither person had seen any other exits out of the tunnel that just kept going, and going, and going…
Once Baltor had regained his standing position, he said, “Well, that helped us out a lot.”
She turned around, smiled for a quick second, and said, “I wouldn’t say a lot, but quite a bit. If I was flying by myself, I would have gone about twice the speed and twice as far.”
“Hey,” he countered, “every little bit helps.”
“True. Ready to keep trekking?”
“Yeah, let’s go…but before we do, I need to say that I’m still not very happy about me not instinctively being able to detect traps like normal.”
“Well, get over it. We’re both doing the best we can. Want to swim it or walk?”
“Swim,” he answered, “but I want you to cast that speed spell you have and then climb on my back.”
She did.
Nearly eight hours, one hundred and forty-six miles, thousands of turns, and no additional traps (that they knew of) later, an exit finally did emerge. It happened to be a rectangular-shaped hole—two feet by four feet—in the middle of the ceiling ten feet up. However, there was no ladder or rope to climb up to the room up above that was unlit. Furthermore, there sat a metallic grate that prevented them from continuing any further down the tunnel.
After she had stepped down to her feet, he spent a half-minute trying with all of his might to lift this grate, but it would not budge an inch.
Baltor, after giving up on that futile project, looked up at the hole, and said, “Well, it looks like this is the one and only way to go. Do you want me to jump up there first, which I can do, or do you want to go first?”
After thinking about his question for quite a few moments, Nemis answered, “I think you should go first…you are, after all, the powerful warrior around here. What I can do before you go is to cast a protection spell on you, if you like, just in case there are some monsters or demons up there. Sound good?”
“Yeah, sounds good,” he answered with a nod to his head—Nemis forthwith began chanting.
Once she was done, Baltor’s aura glowed white for a few seconds, before it faded away and disappeared. She then looked over at him, nodded her head, and said, “Whenever you’re ready…but just so you know, the spell will only last five minutes so be quick.”
He crouched onto the bottom, before leaping straight up with all the power of his legs and body—once within arm’s reach, his fingers clasped the edges of the hole, and then he held on.
Instead of pulling himself completely into the room above, he lifted just his head up over the level of the hole before glancing around.
Inside this unadorned room, in which the walls and ceiling were made of sandstone, there stood an exit at each of the cardinal points, all looking identical to each other in that the open-faced doorframe with trimming made of gold and with etched hieroglyphic designs of people who wore strange hats and carried strange objects. Other than that, there were no objects or creatures lying about, only a smooth sandy floor without even so much as one single footprint.
He whispered below, “The coast is clear, for now.” He henceforth pulled his body into the room. Once on the floor, he laid prone in front of the hole, extending his hand below for Nemis to take.
After leaping high into the air with her arms straight up over her head, she caught his hand. He pulled her up.
Once they had both risen to their feet, Baltor swiped his hands together a couple times to get the clingy sand off before saying, “Sorry, but it looks like you wasted your protection spell unless we run into some monsters in the next few minutes.”
“Huh, it’s all right…no big deal,” she said with an indifferent shrug. “I can do that four times a day.”
While looking around, he asked, “So…which direction you think we should go?”
“I have no idea—just pick one,” she answered, while shrugging her shoulders twice.
After lifting up his left arm and extending his index finger out, he began to twirl his index finger around in tiny circles, in order to pick a random direction. Perhaps the dozenth time, that finger stopped at a particular exit. “Well then…let’s go that way.”
With Baltor in the lead and looking for booby traps all the while, they made their way down the corridor at a normal walking pace. It spanned exactly three hundred and fifty feet later, before veering right at a ninety-degree angle—sixty feet later, it angled to the left at the same angle.
One hundred feet later, they came across another four-way intersection.
Right before the intersection, he stopped and looked back over his shoulder at her—she responded right away, “I’ll trust you, Baltor. Keep leading the way.”
“All right,” he half-sang, choosing to go straight ahead.
The path continued for one thousand feet before running across a T-intersection—he chose right.
This route spanned for two hundred and fifty feet, before running across a unique type of intersection with three other directions that they could choose. Either they could go straight ahead, which tunnel appeared to end two hundred feet away, or they could go down one of the other two Y-passageways that had sharp angles only five hundred feet away. These angles prevented them from seeing anything beyond.
Right before the intersection, Baltor stopped. Unlike before, he pivoted around until he faced her, before saying, “It appears we are in a maze of sorts…a labyrinth.”
“Yes it does,” she responded with a frown. “If we’re not careful, we could get seriously lost.”
With a look of shock on his face, Baltor jabbed his finger toward the ground behind her, while exclaiming, “Look at that!”
As she turned her head so she could look at the area where he pointed, her eyes noticed that their footsteps in the sand were disappearing one at a time—each in the blink of an eye.
A handful of seconds later, he asked, “Do you perchance have a quill, ink and some parchment, so we can make a map?”
“Actually, I do,” she said just before opening her robes and extracting the items—the bottle of ink being the last object to be extracted. As she looked at the bottle, she noted with dismay that the lid had somehow popped open, and all the ink had run out and dried up.
With quite a bit of agitation and anger, she snapped, “Oh shoot! Well, forget that idea.”
“Relax, no big deal,” Baltor said with a nonchalant wave of the hand. “Well, do you have anything we can use as markers, so we can mark the tunnels we’ve already explored?”
She rolled her eyes into the top of her head for a moment, before looking at Baltor and answering, “No, not really, all I have are my spell components.” Looking back the way they had come, she suggested in the form of a question, “but maybe we could go back, and pick up a bunch of pebbles from the river? I do remember feeling them under my feet near the exit.”
“Not a bad idea at all,” Baltor replied.
Immediately, they headed back to the starting point—once they had made it back to the hole, nine minutes and thirty-five seconds later, he dropped down into the river, while she waited up above.
He next dove to the bottom, feeling out for loose pebbles. He found tons of those, ranging not only in colors from white to black, yet in size from as small as a fingernail—to as large as a fist.
After grabbing a few dozen small rocks in both hands, he swam back up to the surface, and asked, “Do you perhaps have a bag we can put these rocks in?”
“I’ve got plenty of bags, for sure,” she answered, while pulling out a leather bag that was the size of a watermelon from inside the pocket of her robes. After opening it, she pulled out one of the dozen grapefruit-sized bags and dropped it down to Baltor.
He, in turn, deposited the pebbles in one hand so he could pick up the floating bag with the other, and deposit the pebbles into it—the bag was only a quarter way filled, so he dove to the bottom and scooped more pebbles into it until full.
Once complete, he swam back up to the surface, tied up the end of the bag, and asked, “Ready to catch it?”
“Ready,” she answered.
He tossed it just high enough in the air—she did not have to bend over in order to catch it.
After setting the full bag down near the edge, she dropped another empty bag through the hole—Baltor grabbed it, dove to the bottom, and filled it up with pebbles until full.
He then swam back up to the top, and once again, he tied the end before tossing it into the air—she caught it.
Once they had filled the last small bag, about seven minutes later, she tossed down the watermelon-sized bag—Baltor filled it with approximately five hundred pebbles.
He then swam to the top, and asked, “Do you perchance have a rope that you can drop one end down here, so we can tie this heavy bag to it, and lift it that way?” Before she could answer, he added, “I can easily toss it up, but I don’t know if you’ll be able to keep a hold of it due to its weight.”
“As a matter of fact, I do have a rope,” she answered. “Hold on a minute.”
“Okay.”
She reached into her pocket, pulled out a fifty-foot long rope, untied the end of it, and lowered the one end down—once in reach, he took it and tied the end of the rope around the end of the bag.
After having completed this task, he said, “Just hold onto the other end of the rope so it leans up against the edge. I’ll be right up, so that I can help you pull the bag up. Okay?”
“Okay.”
Once he had let go, he dropped to the bottom, leapt up with all of his strength, grabbed the edge of the hole, and pulled his way up until he was once again standing on the surface. He next grabbed the part of the rope she was holding onto, pulled the fifty-pound bag up, and set it down onto the ground.
After untying the rope, he handed it back to her—she began wrapping it up.
Meanwhile, he asked with a bit of curiosity, “By the way, how much stuff do those robes of yours hold?”
With a mysterious wink and smile, she answered, “Quite a bit…”
Once she had placed the rope back into her pocket, as well all but one of the small bags, she picked up the final bag before asking, “Ready?”
While raising both eyebrows, as well a nod, he answered, “Ready…”
Just underneath the entryway to the tunnel they were about to traverse through for the second time, she stopped in her tracks, opened the bag, and randomly placed one of the pebbles.
With Baltor in the lead, the two made their way down all the same tunnels as before—just before each intersection they passed, she placed another pebble.
Inevitably, they reached that farthest point in their journey so far, which was that one intersection with the three different directions—straight ahead, right or left.
Baltor said, “Let’s start off with the middle passage.”
“Sounds good to me,” she said before placing a pebble just under the doorframe.
This passageway traversed for two hundred feet, before running across another T-intersection.
After looking both ways, Baltor chose right … about fifty feet down, the passageway veered to the left at a ninety-degree angle.
Upon the pair turning right again, they discovered that this tunnel came to a dead-end about thirty feet away. After turning back around, they made their way back to the last intersection.
There, Nemis was about to place another random pebble she had pulled out of the bag, but Baltor suggested, “See if there’s any black pebbles in there, so we know not to go down that path again…okay?”
“Okay,” she said just before looking in the bag. She looked inside, and chimed, “Oh, here’s one! But there’s only two left in this bag.”
“Are there any other dark pebbles in there then?”
“Umm, there’s not a lot—only four of those, out of about twenty-five in total,” she answered.
“Hmm,” he said. “Let’s separate ’em all from each other, so we know exactly what we got.”
“Why?”
Pointing his index finger in the air, he answered, “My idea—if there’s enough of each—is that we can use the dark ones to mean dead-ends, bright-colored ones to indicate traps, dull-colored ones to signify that there are still more routes to be unexplored behind us, and the white ones can indicate the most-direct route back to the beginning.” By the time he had finished speaking, four of his fingers were pointing straight up in the air.
“Sounds like an outstanding idea,” she said with a smile.
Without any further delay, they dumped out all the contents from all the bags, just before they began to separate the pebbles into four different piles.
About fifteen minutes later, this task was complete. Fortunately, the dull-colored pebbles had the most numbers by far—seven hundred and three. The dark ones—ninety-seven—bore the least. There were one hundred and eighty-six bright colored pebbles—eighty were white.
“All right,” Baltor said under his breath, “let’s put them back into their bags and hope we have enough. And once we’re underway, make sure to keep one small bag of each handy.”
“Okay,” she said.
It only took them about three minutes to complete this task.
Once they had placed every pebble into its proper bag, she next placed a black pebble right under the entryway to the tunnel that they had just traveled through.
At a walking pace, they continued moving straight ahead.
As a particular thought just hit her, perhaps a minute later, she said it aloud, “Just so you know, I did use a purple-colored pebble at one of the other passageways already.”
“That’s all right—just remember what it looked like in case we have to go back to the beginning.”
Nemis nodded her head, while noting that this straight tunnel—after a hundred feet—began to zigzag back and forth every one hundred feet at an angle of seventy-degrees, which angles prevented them from seeing anything beyond the next turn.
That is, until about a quarter mile down and a dozen such turns later, they came across a rectangular-shaped room that was eight hundred feet in length, six hundred feet in width, and fifty feet in height. Stacked against the sandstone walls—every ten feet—was an upright golden coffin bearing the inscribed shape and size of a human male, or a female. Hanging between each coffin from ceiling-to-floor, there happened to be a tapestry made of pure gold that bore strange, pictorial letters all over it.
In the very middle of the room, there rested fifty more coffins lying flat on the ground, though thirty of those were much smaller, bearing the images of either cats or dogs. Baltor’s analytical mind valued the cost of all the gold in this room to be about ninety million parsecs.
After stopping in his tracks just before the entrance to this room, Baltor held his arm out barring Nemis from entering. Sounding a bit uneasy, he stated only a moment later, “I don’t think it’d be a good idea for you to enter—I sense that there are undead mummies lying in each one of those coffins. Besides, I see no other exits in there, which means this room is a dead end. Do you?”
After shaking her head, she said, “No, I don’t see any other exits.”
“Well, let’s backtrack.”
“Okay, Baltor.”
Without any further adieu, the pair began making their way back to the very first T-intersection.
It was there that he suggested, “As we covered everything beyond this point, I’d suggest that we put a black pebble under this doorframe.”
“Okay,” she said, just before she did.
After going down the only unexplored tunnel that they had come across so far, they discovered that this tunnel veered ninety-degrees to the right, sixty feet later; and about sixty feet after that, it made yet another ninety-degree turn to the left.
Fifty feet down, they came across a four-way intersection.
Nemis was about to put a dull-colored pebble onto the ground, but Baltor strongly suggested, “I would also put a white one there. After all, it is also the route back to our starting position.”
“Yeah, right,” she said, just before doing so. She then asked, “So which way?”
“Let’s keep going straight.”
“Okay.”
Two hundred feet down this passage, they saw another room—after stopping just before the entryway, they saw that this room possessed the shape of a vertical cylinder, about two hundred feet in diameter and three hundred feet in height.
Though the walls and ceiling were made of unadorned sandstone, the floor consisted of yellow-, black-, and white-checkered shiny tiles—all five feet squared. About half of the tiles bore a strange rune on them, while the other half were blank. In the very middle of the room stood a black ladder that leaned up against a hole at the very top.
“Hmm,” Baltor said thoughtfully.
“Let me cast a ‘detect magic spell’ and see if this area is enchanted.”
“Good idea,” he replied with an affirming nod.
Once she had finished chanting, thirty seconds later, every single one of the tiles instantly lit up with a yellowish-bluish colored glow. Even the ladder glowed just like the tiles.
“Yup—this area is definitely enchanted, including that ladder,” said Baltor thoughtfully, while his eyes squinted even deeper in contemplation. “This means that if we want to go up to the next level, we must first figure out the solution to this riddle.”
“Is this riddle worth figuring out, or should we explore the other routes first?”
“Good questions, both of them. And to be honest, I don’t have an answer to either one, just yet. All I know is that I don’t recognize even one of these runes, although I have studied runic magic for nearly two centuries. Do you recognize them?”
“Nope,” she answered.
“Well,” Baltor sighed, “I say we go back and check out any of the other routes not yet explored, and possibly back to the beginning to the room with the hole in it. If all of these other routes turn into dead ends, or coffin rooms, we will come back here and look at all of this closer…sound like a plan?”
“Sounds like a plan,” she said with a little smile.
Enroute, Baltor stopped at the four-way intersection, turned around, and asked, “Do you have an inexpensive jewel on your possession so we can mark that the route we just came from as ‘special’?”
“Not inexpensive, no,” she answered.
“I got an idea,” he said. Instead of explaining out his idea however, he instead took a dagger and carved a picture of the ladder in the wall next to the entryway.
Again, just as the footprints, the picture quickly faded away.
“Hmm,” he said with a hint of annoyance.
Nemis suggested in the form of a question, “Why don’t we just put three rocks here, one from each bag?”
“Great idea!”
She did.
Baltor took the tunnel to the left—Nemis followed.
One hundred feet or so later, this tunnel didn’t make crisp angles like any of the other tunnels, yet smoothly began to weave back and forth at forty-five degree angles—visibility was still impossible beyond every fifty-foot weave. At its end, one thousand feet later, this route proved to be a dead-end.
After having made their way back to the intersection and Nemis had placed a dark stone at the entryway, they took the final direction they had not yet gone.
This tunnel continued its way for about five hundred feet, until an entryway stood just before that revealed another room—oddly possessing the shape of “a right triangle.” Other than two exits, one to the left and one to the right, there was nothing else notable.
He had not taken five steps in—when suddenly—his feet not only had become stuck in the sand, yet sink deeper and deeper into quicksand.
It was most fortunate that she was about six feet behind him, or she would have been standing and sinking in the quicksand too. At the same time, Baltor attempted to shift his whole body around, but could not—instead, he sunk even deeper into the sand that was more like glue.
Now calf deep, he called out, “Nemis, help me!”
“Lean backwards as far as you can go, reach out with your arms, and grab the end of my staff,” she strongly recommended.
By this time, he was already knee-deep—ever so slowly/gently did he lean his body backward until his upper back was lying on the quicksand. Now he was hip-deep.
Once leaning all the way back, he extended his arms out and up until his hands clasped the end of her staff—she began to pull with all of her strength.
It took nearly thirty seconds before Baltor was released from the grip of the glue-like quicksand—now lying on solid ground.
After rising to his feet, he shook his head in disbelief, while saying, “Wooow…that was so very stupid of me. Once again you have saved my life, Nemis!”
“You’re welcome,” she said with not only a proud smile, yet a glimmer in her eyes.
“Thank you,” he said, while returning an appreciative nod. “So…what do you think our options are with this room?”
“I don’t know—you’re the leader of this expedition,” she answered.
“Well, here are the options I see,” Baltor stated evenly. “First, there are two other exits in this room—one going left and the other going right—even with you on my back, I should be able to make the jump, but if I don’t make it, we’re both screwed. I already know you can’t cast your flight spell yet, so that’s not an option…”
Nemis asked, “Or two?”
“Or two, we could backtrack our way back to the intersection with the three exits, of which two angled off in different directions.”
“Any other options?”
“Two more options…three, we could go all the way back to the starting point and try another of the other three routes yet unexplored. Or four, we could try the room with the ladder.”
Nemis continued to say nothing—all she did was keep smiling.
Figuring out her look, he said, “Wow—you’re really leaving this all up to me, huh?”
“Yup.”
After sucking in a deep breath and releasing it, he repeated this act repeatedly—he hoped that some answer would come to him of which route to go. He even imagined Trendon’s face…
Perhaps a minute later and without any answers of any kind, Baltor found himself getting frustrated. Finally, he threw both hands high up in the air, and while waving them around in exasperation, he complained, “Look Nemis…nothing personal, but I don’t want to be the only decision maker in this group. Pick somewhere for crying out loud! Please…”
“Okay, Baltor,” she sighed. “I say we go back to the beginning and try another direction.”
“Okay, Nemis,” he said with a nod. “Sounds great. Let’s go.”
About an hour later, they made it back to the starting point. It was there that Nemis suggested, “Let’s go the opposite direction this time.”
“Cool with me,” Baltor said.
After having traveled about twenty minutes down this brand-new path, they began to hear and feel the sounds of the wind blowing. At first, it was just a whisper, but as the minutes and the distance passed by, the winds quickly became more and more fierce.
A little more than a mile away from the starting point, the tunnel veered to the left ninety degrees, and after a few more chaotic twists and turns for a quarter of a mile. Upon having made the turn around this corner, they discovered a straight and narrow tunnel that spanned for a quarter of a mile.
Just beyond the tunnel’s opening stood a bronze statue, facing directly toward them. This statue stood on its hind feet at twenty feet tall, bearing the bikini-clad body of a very muscular human female, yet possessing the head of a green cat from which two purple serpents emerged. In the right hand of this non-moving statue’s crossed arms just so happened to be a dagger that was as three times the size as one of Baltor’s swords.
Beyond the statue, as well about one hundred feet of earth, there lay a tri-rope bridge that spanned across a very deep and rocky chasm, perhaps two hundred feet in length—one rope for the feet and two for the hands. All three ropes were swinging wildly all about, thanks to the cyclonic winds.
Located on the far end and facing the opposite direction toward another tunnel, there stood another statue of equal size. Looking at it from the backside, they could easily see that this statue possessed the body of a man wearing a loincloth, and also that the head was different—not just by the shape, yet the color that was blue. The face of the animal could not be deciphered yet.
Using telepathy, Baltor stated, It appears you made the right choice, so I don’t think we’re going to need this bag of rocks for a little while, so put that in your magic pocket, please. Hopefully, these things are just statues and remain as such as we’re passing!
Yeah, okay. I definitely hope so too.
Even before they had passed beyond the mouth of the tunnel, nearly two minutes later, they began to realize just how deep was this chasm—it indeed appeared to be bottomless.
Furthermore, Nemis began to have a hard time of keeping her balance, as the tumultuous winds blew at more than seventy miles per hour, continuously screaming and howling in their ears.
Climb on my back and hold on as tight as you can, Nemis! We’re going to cross that bridge…with you still on my back.
Okay—these winds are freaking crazy!
Yeah I know.
Nemis held on for “dear life,” as Baltor had already begun to trudge around the statue and up to the bridge.
He had just placed his first foot onto the bridge when he heard a very strange sound coming from behind him, as if metal was grinding against metal.
At the same time, he saw that the statue on the other side had just begun to move, which most likely meant the statue on his side was also moving behind him and making that strange noise.
“Oh crap,” he growled aloud, just before taking his foot off the bridge and pivoting around until he faced the opposite direction.
His suspicions became confirmed upon observing that this “cat-monster” was still in the process of turning around and raising its dagger, in order to face and kill them both.
Nemis saw it too, and for one of the very few times in her life, true fear shown in her eyes.
Baltor yelled at the top of his lungs,  “Teleport back into the tunnel now, Nemis!”
He did not hear her respond, but neither was he listening. Instead, he had already drawn both of his swords, contemplating that they and most of his martial arts skills would be ineffective with her holding on, but what other choice did he have at the moment?
Without any further delay, he took step after step toward the cat-monster that had just about completed turning around—he figured that maybe he could get close enough to get a couple good swipes at it, before it could strike back. He was very wrong.
With an uncanny speed unaffected by the wind, the dagger-wielding hand stabbed down hard and fast—it was very fortunate that Nemis had heard him and teleported back into the tunnel a split second earlier, or her head all the way down to her legs would have been split completely open by the dagger.
All Baltor could do was to cross his swords high over his head, and accept the impact of the cat-monster’s fist, which extraordinarily powerful impact knocked him very hard down to his knees and caused a lot of pain in his legs.
This monster did not wait, but tried to sideswipe Baltor with its other set of claws—he had not waited either as he had performed a forward roll underneath its legs, swinging his swords out.
Wherever metal struck metal, swords vs. metallic legs, sparks flew—unfortunately, however, there were only tiny inch-deep slits that had cut into the monster’s legs.
Yet this statue wasn’t rendered immobile in the slightest bit, as it began to turn around again—before it could, not only had Baltor sheathed his swords, yet he had already begun to climb up the back.
At the same time, the cat-monster began flailing all about, while trying unsuccessfully to reach for him.
The monster on the other side did not wait any longer, yet amazingly leaped across the vast chasm and landed on their side—the second it made impact with the ground, as well the second after that, the earth shook violently.
This second monster was masculine in nature, bearing the head of a blue crocodile that had a very long maw, and wielding an identical dagger in its left hand—it began to stomp toward Nemis.
Throughout all this time that had passed since the battle had begun, she hadn’t been idly standing by, but had been casting another spell with her staff raised high into the air … and it was in this moment that she had finished chanting.
Just then, two furry creatures popped out of oblivion nearby. They semi-resembled brown aardvarks that moved about on all four legs—the main difference was the fact that they were four feet tall, five feet long, and weighed perhaps two hundred pounds.
Although these new creatures did not look like they could harm a fly and would make a good pet, neither were they afraid of the monsters. Each aardvark approached each monster.
Of course, Baltor’s peripheral vision saw all of this, though his attention remained focused on destroying the cat-monster that was still desperately trying to throw him off its neck—at the same time, both serpents kept launching lightning-quick strikes with their venomous fangs, but both kept missing their target.
With one hand gripping around the cat-monster’s neck, he used his other hand to draw his sword and cut off one of the serpents.
Sparks flew as the sword made contact, as well a loud ringing sound, and only a moment later, the left-serpent’s head was completely severed before dropping to the ground and becoming lifeless—the cat and the other serpent howled or hissed out in pain.
In the same moment, the aardvark that had been walking toward the crocodile-monster arrived, brushing against the monster’s leg. Though this monster plunged its dagger deep into the aardvark’s back that instantly killed it, the monster’s entire right leg had just as instantly turned to rust.
The crocodile-monster pulled its dagger out of the aardvark, and the blade collapsed into a pile of dust that blew away in the blink of an eye.
Meanwhile, Baltor had taken another swipe at the other serpent as it tried to bite him, but both parties missed. Unfortunately, at the same time, the cat-monster’s right hand grabbed a hold of his waist…just before squeezing the life out of him.
At the same time, the crocodile-monster took a step closer toward Nemis with its right leg, but could not. Its leg had just collapsed into a pile of dust, crashing hard to the ground.
Only a moment later, the other aardvark had gotten close enough to make contact with both of the cat-monster’s legs—just as before, both legs promptly began to turn into rust.
Just then, inside Baltor’s head, he heard Nemis say, “Better teleport over here next to me inside the tunnel, or everything metallic on you will also turn to rust!”
Without hesitation, he focused his mind—a second later, he was crouched by her side.
While breathing very hard due to sheer exhaustion, he observed as the crocodile-monster continued to move its way toward the two of them using just its hands, as everything below its waist was completely gone. The cat-monster’s legs were also missing, but the aardvark was now climbing on top of it, and finishing up the job by sucking up as much rust as it could before the wind carried the rest away.
Still breathing hard, Baltor yelled aloud, “What in the hell…are those creatures called…that you summoned?”
They’re called rust monsters,” she yelled back with a cunning smile.
“Aptly named,” he replied. “The danger’s still not over…as that crocodile-thing is still coming toward us. Climb on my back, so we can maneuver our way around to the other side of the bridge, as soon as possible!”
Because she had already made her staff disappear by the time he finished speaking, she climbed onto his back and held on very tight. Speedily he made his way around the crocodile-monster that was now missing everything below its chest, as well the surviving rust-monster. Finally, he jumped over the cat-monster that had just collapsed into a pile of dust.
Two seconds later, they arrived at the bridge—due to the winds that never ceased or lessened, it took nearly two minutes to traverse across the rope bridge. Finally, they made it to the other side.
After continuing down the one and only tunnel for about two hundred more feet, they saw it veered right at a ninety-degree angle. Upon making that turn, they discovered that the tunnel ended only fifty feet away at a circular, stone staircase that led down…
As Baltor descended the stairs, thousands of them, Nemis continued to hold on. And after arriving at the very bottom, almost five thousand steps and twenty-five minutes later, he stopped in his tracks, gazing around with both shock and horror at this “underworld of underworlds!” Still holding on, she also gazed around.
Just beyond the boundaries of the stairs lay a colossal field going every different direction for hundreds of miles. Ninety-nine percent of the terrain was composed of humans and humanoids with everything below their torsos buried underneath the packed dirt, but occasionally it was just someone’s exposed head—the final one percent of the ground was blood-soaked-and-caked soil. Despite the winds that blew a steady forty miles per hour, they could simultaneously hear the wailing, moaning, crying, and screaming of those poor tormented souls.
About five miles away to the right, there stood a square-shaped platform made of gold that had three steps completely surrounding it and leading up to the top—the size of the platform itself was five hundred feet by five hundred feet.
At each of the four corners, there stood a fifty-foot tall golden statue with the body of a man, but it had the head of a jackal donning a strange type of head garment—not unlike the hats he had seen on those hieroglyphic. These statues’ hands had their raised and extended toward the skies, revealing no daggers or weapons.
Finally yet just as importantly, located in the very middle of the platform, there happened to be a five-foot tall pedestal, also made of gold. Sitting on that pedestal was a thick book (currently closed) with a skin-colored cover and yellow pages.
“Great—more statues! ” Baltor telepathically said with sarcasm, while shaking his head. “Nor do I see any sign of the Arch-Devil. Think we should go back? ”
“Maybe that there book is the key to getting to him? Including figuring out the riddle to the ladder room? ” Nemis answered with more questions, just before she stepped to the ground and stood by his side.
After sucking in a deep sigh, Baltor looked over. He answered aloud, “Maybe…but maybe not. I’d really hate to have to fight those statues, especially because you already used that one summoning spell. I also don’t like the idea of having to traverse around all these living human remains—they might try to attack us as well, or possibly even call out for the guards.”
“Want to go back?”
For about a minute, neither of them said anything.
Finally, Baltor spoke, “I’d also really hate to have to explore out the rest of this pyramid out, especially if the end is right here, which seems the most logical in my opinion.”
“Well, let’s go get that book then and check it out.”
“Okay, but before we go…what kind of other spells do you have in your arsenal that might help us get over there quicker and more easily?”
Shaking her head negatively, she confirmed, “None.”
Baltor said, “Hop—”
Interrupting him in that moment was a man’s voice from nearby who asked, “Nemis…is that you?”
Looking over in shock, Nemis saw a very recognizable human head poking out of the ground, looking right at her, and speaking—he had been an acquaintance of hers for about a year while she was “an adventurer,” about two hundred years ago—a thief and assassin named Loris Throck.
“How in the hell did you end up here, Loris?”
“That’s an interesting story how I ended up here,” he answered. “It all started about six months after we saw each other last—I had just arrived at the long-lost tomb of King Macuanaza, and—”
He was about to go on with his tale, but Baltor interrupted him in that moment by saying, “Nemis, we really don’t have the time to listen to all of this.”
“Please then, good lady or good sir, at least help me get out of the ground,” Loris pleaded. “This place is ten times worse than the greatest nightmare I ever had while I was alive…but even worse than that, this nightmare is one I can’t wake up from ever nor can I ever go to sleep!”
Nemis looked questioningly over at Baltor.
“What do you suggest we do with him?” Baltor asked, using very uncertain tones. “We can’t have him tagging along with us, particularly where we’re going.”
Loris pleaded, “I promise, good sir, that I’ll find my own way out of here—please! I’ve been stuck here for—well, I honestly don’t know how long but it’s already felt like an eternity!” Right away, he began to cry like a little baby.
Many of the other nearby residents here had been listening as well … and when they saw that Baltor and Nemis were considering on rescuing this one particular soul, they too began to beseech for their freedom.
Before long, hundreds of voices had begun to cry and plead in his or her own words, “Help me…please good sir and good lady! Help!”
Inside Baltor’s mind, heart and soul, it was not the fact that he didn’t want to help Loris, or any of the other residents, but the problem was that if these souls were released, they would probably get recaptured and interrogated, which would lead to he and Nemis getting caught.
A few seconds later, he snapped, “Shut up—all of you! I’m trying to think…”
The ones that heard him did stop talking. However, a vast majority had not heard, so they kept pleading for their freedom—before long, hundreds more voices joined in the folly, and now there were thousands.
Screaming at the top of his lungs, Baltor said, “SHUT UP!!”
Hundreds did, but by that time, it was too late—tens of thousands joined in the begging.
In that moment, Baltor felt as if he was literally going to lose his mind. He wedged his index fingers tight into his earholes, so that he could hear himself think due to the deafening volume, which semi-worked though not great. Nemis also was forced to plug her own ears.
Telepathically, he said to Nemis, Okay, tell your friend that we’ll rescue just him. He can rescue someone else, who, in turn, can rescue someone else, and so on and so on…until everyone’s been rescued. And even after that last person is free, they cannot leave this area for three additional days of time—wait, that’s not going to work because there is no time. Wait, ya…tell them to count out 259,200 seconds in their head. Yes.
In the same fashion, Nemis asked, Are you sure that’s such a good idea? What if it takes us longer than that to find the Arch-Devil? And what if there are guards who routinely check this place out?
Baltor rolled his eyes in the back of his head, due to the sheer frustration of not knowing what to do now—a few seconds later, he said, Just do it—we’ll take the risk. This noise is driving me insane…maybe they’ll shut up when they see us rescuing your friend.
As you wish, Baltor, she half-sang using telepathy, though her tune did not sound very happy about the risqué idea.
With that, she said aloud to her friend the plan, who nodded his head both affirmatively and appreciatively.
Right away, Baltor and Nemis walked over to Loris, just before they began to pry away the dirt surrounding the man.
It was not until they dug below the area of his neck that they saw the futility of this rescue attempt—after all, almost everything below that neck was tattered and missing in a very disgusting and bloody way.
Nemis fought back the urge to throw up upon seeing this—Baltor, also a bit sickened, dropped back onto his rear end, almost landing on the head of a lady.
He stood back onto his feet and grabbed Nemis’ hand—the two began to navigate their way all around the other damned souls who continued to implore for their freedom. Those with arms tried to reach out and grab either of them.
En route, he asked,  Do you have some earplugs or a silence spell? I honestly don’t know how much more of this noise I can take—it’s driving me freaking nuts!
She answered, Actually, you’re in luck!
With that, he stopped in his tracks, so she could begin casting. Upon completion, a minute later, complete silence filled their area.
“Much better,” Baltor tried to say aloud, but his mouth only mouthed out the words silently.
Switching to telepathy, he repeated his last statement, and then he asked, Can you hear me, Nemis?
I can, so let’s just hurry up and get over there. We’ve got thirty minutes before the spell wears off.
Okay—climb on my back.
Once she had, Baltor hightailed his way until they reached the platform, five miles away, which trip took nearly sixteen minutes because he had to maneuver around all the souls.
After arriving within a foot of the first step, they took a closer look at the pedestal with the book on it—she stayed on his back.
Perhaps a minute after their arrival, he was the first to ask, Do you think you could cast “detect magic,” so we can figure out whether these statues, as well if the book is magical?
Not until the silence ends, Baltor, as I have to hear myself chant.
Fine, fine. Unless you object, what we’re going to do is this: stay on my back. I’m going to snag the book, before running back for the staircase at top speed. We’ll take a look at the book once we’re back inside the pyramid itself. And if the Arch should come, we’ll just trick or fight him there until we get to the next plane. Okay?
Okay, she answered.
With that, Baltor ran up to the pedestal, picked up the book, and then booked back straight for the staircase without looking back one time to see if the golden statues had begun to move, or worrying if his feet kicked a soul. Twelve minutes later, they arrived.
Just after he had climbed onto the third step, the silence spell ended, and the winds and the cries for help could be heard once again, because he just wanted to get the hell out of there, he continued to run up the stairs at top speed.
Before they had rounded the corner that revealed the rope bridge, he stopped, and peaked his head around the corner to see if those monsters had returned—nope, no monsters, including that remaining rust monster.
No longer could they hear the cries of the souls either, due to the seventy-mile winds. Still, as Baltor did not like this area at all, particularly because of those fifty-foot golden statues that could be in “hot pursuit,” he stopped in his tracks, and said telepathically, Step down, put this book in that pocket of yours and then climb aboard. I’m going to need both of my hands in order to cross the bridge.
By the time he had finished speaking, she had already nodded her head, stood onto her feet, took the book, and put it into her pocket—once so, she climbed back on Baltor’s back.
He made his way across the bridge and down the tunnel that led back into the pyramid—just as they were about to make the turn around the first bend, he stopped and turned back around in order to see if maybe those statues were following.
No statues had been following, at least not yet.
Not wanting to wait around and find out, he made all the twists and turns until they were once again at the starting point in the pyramid—the room with the four exits and the hole in the floor.
It was there that he stopped.
“Whew,” he sighed aloud. “I’m glad that part’s over.”
“Me too,” she said just before she stood back onto her feet and next to his side. “Good job!”
“Thanks,” he said, before sitting down so he could relax.
Still standing, Nemis said, “I’m real curious about this book…should I take it out now, so we can check it out?”
“Yeah, that’s a good idea.”
After taking the book out of her pocket, she held onto the book just before sitting down next to Baltor.
The book that they looked at was made of brown human skin—though the lettering on the front cover was the same foreign language as that written on the tapestries in the room with the mummies, Baltor’s mind just then began to translate the words written.
He said it aloud, “The Book of the Dead.”
She asked with shock, “How can you read that? I can’t.”
“I don’t know. I just can. Let me see that thing.”
“I don’t know if that’s such a good idea now.”
“Why not?”
“Because of the way you’re talking.”
“What are you talking about?”
She answered, “Your voice just sounds different, that’s all.”
“Come on, he said, just before he clucked his tongue.
“All right,” she sang while handing him the book, again with that tune that did not sound thrilled at the idea.
As soon as he opened it a moment later, strong gusts of wind began to blow through the room from the tunnel that they had just come out of—Nemis gazed in that direction, but Baltor did not as he looked at the first page.
Although the wind died a few seconds later, she did not avert her gaze away from that tunnel. He continued to remain focused on reading the book.
After a minute’s time had passed, he flipped the first page and began to read the second page.
Perhaps two minutes and two pages later, he looked up at Nemis who was still looking intently toward the tunnel, and asked, “What’s wrong?”
“I don’t know, but I really don’t like this place,” Nemis answered, just before shifting her gaze to Baltor. In order to change the subject, she asked, “So what’s the book about?”
“Well, according to the introduction without any author mentioned, this book’s just a collection of instructions, hymns, and spells—mainly to allow the deceased to safely pass through obstacles in the afterlife.”
“Does it tell us how to get to the Arch-Devil?”
“No, not yet.”
She sounded nervous as she asked, “Well, can we go now?”
Shaking his head balefully, he answered, “This place is probably the safest of anywhere else—it only gets worse from here.”
“Great!” she said without an ounce of enthusiasm.
“Aren’t you interested in learning the spells?”
Just then, strange buzzing noises began to emerge from the direction they had come, noises that got louder by the second.
It was only then that Baltor shut the book, handed it to Nemis, stood to his feet, drew his swords, and said, “I’d put that book away if I were you.”
“Great—look what the hell you’ve done!” she exclaimed before putting the book back into her pocket.
“What have I done?”
Instead of answering his question, she said, “I’m going to cast a shield spell to protect us…I’m getting a very, very bad feeling!”
“You have a shield spell?”
Nemis answered, “Shh…let me cast.”
She began chanting. The very second she had finished, a swarm of huge locusts entered the room from the entryway they had just come—hundreds of thousands of them. They were obviously the creatures making those buzzing noises.
Fortunately, she had finished casting when she did, as the locusts flew around the invisible shield, revealing the five-foot-diameter circular shield, before continuing their way down the tunnel to their right.
“Woooow,” Baltor said with a whole lot of sarcasm. He asked, “So what’s the problem with locusts? All they eat are vegetation.”
“I don’t know, but there’s something really unusual and dangerous about these particular locusts, though I don’t know what,” she answered. “By the way, my shield spell will last only seven more minutes, so hopefully there won’t be any more locusts by the time it ends, or we’ll have to find out the hard way if they’re more than herbivores.”
“Okay.”
Five minutes later, the last of the locusts had passed, just before the shield spell ended.
“Let’s get to the room with the ladder quickly, as I believe that going up is the solution and that those locusts will be coming back,” he suggested right away. “Hop on.”
Without any further delay, she did—and the two were zooming toward the ladder room.
About ten minutes later, they arrived at their destination—not a single pebble had disappeared.
Nemis hopped off his back and stood to his side, before asking, “So why do you think going up is the solution?”
After a chuckle, Baltor answered, “I don’t know that it is the solution—just a hunch, since I don’t think there are any floors below the one with all the souls buried in the ground. So let’s see if we can figure out this riddle now that we have the book.”
For about ten minutes, they both studied the tiles with the runes, along with the book.
Finally, Nemis broke silence as she said, “I have no idea…this doesn’t appear to be any sort of riddle I’ve ever seen before, unless of course, the runes on the tiles is something you have to recite or stand on in order.”
“You’re right…I believe the solution lies in the book.”
She asked, “Why do you say that?”
“Because it mentioned in the introduction about it allowing safe passage through the afterlife…let me see it again, please.”
She pulled it out of her pocket and handed it over.
Baltor opened it, and again, there came another strong gust of wind, which lasted for about twenty seconds.
After glancing at the title headings of each page, he finally came to the heading on page thirty, and began to read aloud:
‘SAFE PASSAGE—
When the godly pharaoh and his mighty entourage run across a magical barrier that must be passed in the afterlife, this hymn must be sung exactly right by his High Priest, or doom shall fall upon them all and they shall be trapped in the Underworld forever.’
Instead of continuing to read further, he pointed at a spot in the book on the following page, looked over at Nemis, and asked, “Do you know how to read musical notes like these?”
“Actually, yes I do…strange that they’re identical to the musical scores written on my home planet. But I can’t read the words.”
“That’s okay—while you sing each note, point at it, so I can match it with the corresponding word.”
After clearing her voice a few times, she hummed the first note while pointing at it. And as she continued along through it until its end, she pointed at each note. It took about forty-five seconds to complete this task.
“Beautiful voice you have…do it again,” Baltor complimented and suggested at the same time.
She did—at the same time, in Baltor’s mind, he matched the words with the notes.
Upon completion, he suggested, “One final time, please.”
She did.
“Okay, I got it now,” he said with a nod.
With that, he began to sing, “Charu she manau, lemanu sheconai! Charu hasama, lami ta faru! Le shau mari, cha numau! Fala me nu! Poma ti esban, charu she manau!”
As he sang each word in a deep tone of voice, the tiles began to glow brighter and brighter—and once he completed the song, every single one of the tiles levitated ten feet up in the air and pivoted vertically to the right, which revealed a bottomless black hole underneath. The tiles next shifted all around into new spots, just before pivoting horizontally and lowering back down on the ground.
Nemis revealed with awe, “Wow, you have such an incredible singing voice, though I didn’t understand any of the words you said.”
“Thank you,” Baltor said nonchalantly, just before he closed the book and handed it to her. “Let’s go.”
With that, he boldly walked onto the tiles and toward the ladder. Once at the base of the ladder, he began to climb up—Nemis followed, after having put the book away in her pocket.
Upon arriving at the second level, nearly a minute later, Baltor poked just his head up through the two-foot-by-four-foot hole, observing that the coast was clear. He simultaneously noted this room had four exits at each of the cardinal points, and that the floors were made of smooth sand.
Without any further delay, he then stepped onto the surface. Nemis was right behind him, only a few seconds later.
Nemis joked, “Well, this room looks exactly like the first room we entered inside this pyramid…makes me wonder if we’re going in circles.”
“That’s why they call this a labyrinth,” Baltor said seriously.
Shrugging her shoulders, she asked, “So which way?”
“Let’s go to the right this time,” he said with a point of his finger.
“Okay.”
After going down that passage about thirty feet, they saw that this tunnel had eleven twists and turns at ninety-degree angles—about fifty feet later, they came across a T-intersection.
Dutifully, Nemis pulled a white-colored pebble out of the bag, and set it below the entryway they had just come.
Baltor made a right hand turn and Nemis followed.
Twenty feet later, the tunnel veered right at a ninety-degree angle. Fifteen feet later, it veered left at the same angle. Ten feet later, right. Forty feet later, right again. Ten feet later, left. Thirty feet later, left again. Fifty feet later, left still again. Two hundred feet later, it veered right, etc., etc…
Nearly four-dozen additional turns (left or right), fifteen miles, and three-quarters of an hour later, they came across a three-way intersection—they could go right or keep going straight.
Baltor made a long humming sound, trying to figure out which route would be best.
Meanwhile, Nemis pulled out a white pebble and put it under the entryway from whence they came. She then pulled out a gray pebble, and silently waited for him to make up his mind, so that she could put it under the route that they did not take.
“Let’s keep going straight,” he stated neutrally.
Without a word, she put the pebble under the entrance to the right.
Perhaps eight hours, fifty-three miles, five hundred turns (right or left), and not a single other intersection or room later, they arrived at a dead end.
“Damn,” Baltor swore under his breath, while looking quite flustered.
“It’s okay,” she replied, sounding sympathetic. “We can’t always be winners, right?”
“I guess,” he answered. After sucking in a deep breath and releasing it, he said, “Hop on my back so we can get back much quicker.”
She did—it only took two hours to return to that entrance in this same passageway, which now went left as they were coming from the opposite direction.
Nemis stepped back down onto the ground, pulled out a dark pebble, and set it under the route they had just traversed—they then went left.
Forty feet later, it turned right at a ninety-degree angle, before proceeding straight for at least a whopping distance of fifty miles.
It was then and there that Baltor said, “Hop on…”
She did.
A little over two hours later they reached the end, noting that it turned right at a ninety-degree angle.
After rounding the corner, they observed it traveled an additional twenty miles. Fifty minutes later, the tunnel turned left. One hundred feet from the last turn, it turned right yet again.
“This place is insanely huge,” Nemis noted aloud with bewilderment.
“Sure as hell is,” Baltor replied. He stopped for only a second at each corner to see what lay beyond.
After they had rounded this next corner, they saw that it proceeded straight for twenty-five miles before turning right.
Once they had rounded that corner, a little more than an hour later, they continued down the new tunnel that went straight for another three miles before turning left.
Upon making that turn, two minutes later, both Baltor’s and Nemis’ mouths dropped open in sheer astonishment at what they discovered inside the room ahead, just beyond the entryway that was only five feet ahead of their position, in which he stood at the previous corner with her on his back.
For lying all about in massive stacks, there were valuable treasures galore, ranging from coins, to jewels, to crowns, to statues of animals, humans, humanoids, and even monsters—constructed from all types of expensive materials.
In the middle of every other stack, there stood a clothes rack that contained expensive and elegant hats, fur coats, clothes, suits of armor, helmets, boots, shoes, etc. In fact, there was so much treasure in this room that the one-and-only way to walk through this room was to move in between the stacks.
“Whoa,” Nemis was the first to say a half minute later, before stepping down to her feet in order to stretch her arms and legs out, which had become a bit stiff and sore from riding piggyback for so long.
While she stretched, Baltor poked just his head around the entryway without stepping inside the room, noting that it was five hundred feet tall, five miles long, and eight miles wide—other than narrow walkways, the entire room indeed contained tons and tons and tons of stacked treasure…
With that look of shock still on his face, Baltor gazed back at Nemis and said, “Holy moley! Can you imagine how much money all this treasure is worth? It’s at least ten times the amount I had in my own treasury back on my planet, after I controlled the entire planet for nearly two centuries.”
“At least trillions just from what I see already,” she said a few seconds later, just before she moved to Baltor’s side so she could check out the entire room for herself.
Once she did, perhaps ten seconds later, she added with shock, “Make that quadrillions…maybe even more! Want to check it out?”
After clucking his tongue, he sounded a bit unsure as he answered, “I don’t know. A room like this has got to be super-duper-duper guarded—perhaps by a whole army of magical warriors for the singular purpose to protect it all. Are you able to cast a ‘detect magic spell’ now?”
She answered, “Yes I am…I can do that twice every twenty four hour period.”
“Go ahead and do it.”
She did. Upon completion, forty-five seconds later, tens of thousands of objects in the room lit up in a bluish-glow, illuminating the entire chamber so bright that the rest of the non-magical treasures dazzlingly reflected those lights. Hundreds of clothes, weapons, and even suits of armor lit up as well—even more fortunate was the fact that just about all of the statues remained unlit, though not all.
“Wow, I definitely don’t think this is such a good idea to enter now,” he said.
“Why not?” she asked. Without waiting for an answer, she added with a smile, “You really need a new set of armor…bad!”
“That’s true,” Baltor said as he gazed down at his own armor, seeing the large gaping hole in the front, and remembering that the tusk had penetrated through the backside.
Perhaps ten seconds later, she asked, “So?”
After sucking in a deep breath and releasing it, he answered, “Umm, I still don’t know. Just because the statues didn’t light up doesn’t mean that they’re not alive.”
“Come on,” she said, “quit being such a sour-puss.”
“You know we’re not going to be able to take .01% percent of this treasure, right?”
“I know…my primary concern is getting you some magical armor, especially considering the fact that we’re not just going to have to face and battle one Arch, yet seven more.”
“True that,” Baltor said, while cocking his head to the side for a second.
“So?”
“Well, what if the armor is cursed?”
After releasing her own exasperated sigh, she answered, “I have the innate ability to tell whether an item is cursed or not. Just don’t touch anything unless I say you can…please trust me!”
“Fine, but I suggest we be quick about it, just in case that army decides to show up while we’re snooping around.”
“Fine…let me first cast an ‘alarm spell,’ so that if anybody but us comes around, we’ll know.”
“Fine.”
She began to cast her spell. Once done, she pointed to a particular rack about two thousand feet away, while asking, “Would you like to give me a piggy back ride up to that armor rack over there? Everything on it is safe and most of it is magical…”
“Okay,” he answered.
After she climbed on, he zoomed to that rack—arriving a little over a minute later, he set her down, just before jetting to the far end of the rack. Both of them began to look through the hundreds of suits of armor of all types and sizes that were all hanging on durable hangers.
He had not been looking for armor that looked decorative, yet the type that would best protect him while allowing him to utilize his martial arts skills. One type he knew for sure he did not want was the plate-mail.
For the next minute or so, they both continued to sift through suit after suit, in which Baltor shook his head at everything she had displayed to him so far. Thankfully, no guards had shown up, yet.
At the beginning of the next minute, Nemis pointed at a full-set of plate-mail—glowing the brightest amongst any of the other armor on this rack. This armor even had a matching helmet and boots. She asked, “What about this one? It’d look really hot on you and it’s got quite a bit of power to it—magic wise!”
Looking over for just a second, he answered, “Umm, not that type. I need something that won’t impair my ability to freely move and use my martial arts.”
After pulling off two adjacent hangers off the rack—one hanger holding a glowing, thin, long-sleeved, silvery shirt and the other hanger a matching pair of pants—she asked, “Hmmm…well, how about this? It don’t even look like armor, except for the fact that the material is made of some type of metal, but it feels so soft, flexible, and lightweight. There’s even matching boots, but no helmet.”
Baltor threw his gaze over, observing the hexagon-shaped black crest in the middle of the chest, bearing the symbol of a golden castle in the middle of it. He nodded and said, “Not bad there. It’s not cursed?”
She replied with a laugh, “No silly…I told you I wouldn’t pick anything like that.”
He hurried over to her position, of which was about one feet away, looked at it for a few seconds, and said, “Hmm…definitely not bad. Think it’ll fit?”
“Like a glove,” she answered. “Furthermore, this armor is also exceptionally powerful—it’ll not only continuously protect you against any and all non-magical weapons, yet even against some of magical weapons and spells.”
After picking up the sleeve and feeling that it was unbelievably light in weight and soft in texture, he took the shirt and the pants off the hangers, slung them over his right shoulder, and said, “Okay, that’s perfect…let’s get out of here.”
While she picked up the matching knee-high boots, she asked, “How about a new magical helmet, unless you still want your old non-magical helmet? Personally, I think you need a new one…and besides, we still got nine minutes left before my spell wears out, so don’t feel like we’ve got to rush out of here.”
“Despite your spell, I think you’re pushing your luck,” he replied.
“No I’m not,” she evenly stated back. “Trust me…we’re safe.”
“Fine…”
“Let’s go to that helmet rack over there,” she said with a point of her finger.
Fortunately, this rack happened to be not that far away—only about three thousand and fifty feet.
With her on his back, Baltor rushed on over there, and once there, he began to walk down the rack, while looking just at the helmets. As he searched, he asked, “Any particularly powerful helmet you see that will fit me and do me some justice?”
“Yeah,” she answered, while still holding on with one arm yet using her other arm to point her finger. “That one. That one is the most powerful helmet on this entire rack.”
Looking at where her finger pointed, he saw a platinum-and-gold-striped skullcap that was glowing brilliant—the front part of this helmet bore the etched symbol of a dragon blowing fire.
“What does this helmet do magically?”
“Besides protecting you from any type of dragon’s breath, it will even increase your dexterity, strength, and constitution, so you should be all good.”
“Really,” he hummed aloud.
“Yup, grab it so we can get out of here.”
He picked it up off the shelf, and examined the inside … besides being very light and durable, there was even an adjustable headband and chinstrap inside.
“Okay,” he said, while looking around. “Is there anything in this room that you can use?”
She quickly looked around the room, noticing that in the very middle, there stood a coffee table made of all the precious metals in the universe.
The single object that rested on this table, in the middle, was an oil lamp made of porcelain that had been painted white—though not ignited, it glowed the brightest out of everything.
“Hmm,” she answered as she handed the boots to Baltor, “I want that.”
Squinting his eyes so he could see where she was pointing, he discovered the object.
“You sure that’s what you want?” he asked. “An oil lamp?”
“Something about it is drawing me,” she answered. “But strangely, I cannot identify why or what its purpose is. All I know is that it is unbelievably powerful.”
Baltor asked, “You sure it’s not cursed?”
“Yeah…positive.”
“Let’s grab it and get out of here!”
“We still have five minutes left—relax.”
“That’s just barely enough time.”
“That’s okay,” she said.
With that, she ran toward the pedestal, picked up the lamp, and put it into her pocket.
“Climb onto my back,” he said, already standing by her side. “We’re not coming back in here again.”
She did—not even a second later, he bolted for the only exit they had discovered.
Thirty seconds later, they exited the room, made the right-hand turn, and jetted down the tunnel. A mile away from the room, Baltor decided to stop, and so he did.
There, Nemis stepped back onto the ground—meanwhile, he handed her the brand-new armor and the helmet, just before setting the boots onto the ground so that he could begin to take off his old boots and armor.
While he did so, she could not help but look at him with ever-increasing desire, especially upon seeing his muscular physique through his tattered underclothes…
Nearly two minutes later, with her assistance, the old armor was taken off, and the new armor, boots, and helmet were put on.
It was just as he placed the helmet onto his head that the two of them began to hear the sounds of whispering, though the language was unfamiliar.
Both cocked their heads over, observing that there was a bald man sitting on a carpet two hundred feet away, which carpet levitated five feet off the ground. He wore loose-fitting white robes with gold trimming, while his arms remained outstretched in front of him, and his face looked furious as he continued to whisper in just-as-angry tones.
Without hesitation, Baltor had drawn both swords and flung them both with all of his might—apparently the man did not expect to be heard nor did he get to finish whatever he was whispering, as the swords penetrated through his chest up to the hilt.
Even before his body flew off the carpet and slammed into the ground, the man was dead—the carpet itself slowly descended until it landed on the ground.
After willing both swords back into his hands, and then sheathing them a moment later, Baltor stated, “We’re going to have problems now. I knew going into that treasure room was a bad idea—I’m sure they’ve raised the alarm!”
Nemis shrugged her shoulders apologetically, and then she said, “Sorry, Baltor.”
“Hold onto me,” he said, “I’m teleporting us back to the starting point on this level!”
“Okay,” she said still sounding sorry. “What about that carpet though—should we take it?”
While shrugging his shoulders, he answered with another question, “Is it magical itself, or did that guy put a spell on it to make it temporarily magical?”
“I don’t know, as my spell is no longer in effect.”
“No time to find out right now—climb on,” he said.
Once she had, he zoomed at top speed to the rug, grabbed a hold of the corner, and inside his mind, he willed the starting point at the second level.
Two seconds later, the rune appeared in his mind, and after drawing it out with his free hand, a portal opened—in turn, each person stepped through.
Once on the other side and the portal had closed, Baltor said, “Now is a good time to cast your detect magic. We’re not much safer here than where we were.”
“Okay,” she said, just before she did.
Besides his new armor from head-to-toe that glowed, so too did the rug. Strangely, neither of his sheathed swords glowed, although he had not a clue about this piece of trivia as they were on his back.
After laying the carpet out, he sat down in the front-half of the carpet, before saying, “Well, climb aboard and sit behind me. I’m sure that it’s just like teleporting, in that you’ve got to will the direction you want to go.”
She climbed aboard behind him, before sitting Indian-style and gently wrapping her hands around his “love handles.” Though she did not speak aloud her thoughts, nor even think her thoughts without having first put a telepathy-blocking shield around her brain first, she could not deny how much she loved to hold onto him. Nor could she deny that she was seriously beginning to fall in love —after all, never before had she met anyone like Baltor…ever!
After the carpet had elevated to five feet—thanks to this very man and his concentrations—it flew toward the opposite tunnel that they had already gone through upon reaching the second floor. This unexplored tunnel spanned straight ahead for forty miles before it turned right.
It turned out that this carpet flew exceptionally fast, going fifty miles per hour—the wind blew pleasantly on their faces. Nemis could barely hold back her gasp of delight from enjoying this ride … in more than one way.
Once they reached the end of the tunnel, they made the right turn. After about thirty additional turns—left or right—and twenty-seven miles of distance, the tunnel straightened out again, just before it came to a Y-intersection.
Just before the intersection, Nemis pulled out a light-colored pebble and dropped it on the ground—they went left.
This new tunnel continued straight for another twenty miles before going right—sixty miles later the tunnel veered right yet again. After a dozen more turns, and another thirty-two miles, this tunnel ended only a dozen feet from the last turn with another entryway—another open-faced doorframe with trimming made of gold, and with etched hieroglyphics or designs of people.
Beyond the entrance, there existed a large room, whose size could not yet be determined inside—in which Baltor did not fly the carpet into this room because of the living occupants—there were rows and rows of two-man bunk beds made of gold. Lying in them and snoring soundly away were strange-looking humanoid creatures that he had never before seen.
However, he did recognize the fact they had very hairy, manly looking bodies. Instead of human heads, their heads matched that of a bull, including the two curvy and pointy horns. Attached to the front corner of each bunk was a two-handed axe.
Inside his mind, he heard Nemis’ voice say, They’re called minotaurs, in case you don’t know. What I don’t know is if there are any other exits out of this room, and if so, they lead to the ultimate destination we need to go, so you make up your mind whether we should sneak by them as they all look like they’re sleeping, or go back the way we came.
Baltor scrunched up his face a moment, before replying, I don’t know either…let me back this carpet up a bit, until we figure out what we should do.
Okay.
After backing the carpet back around the last corner, he suggested, I got an idea…is it possible for you to cast your invisibility spell now, so that we can sneak by them?
With a nod, she answered, Yes I can.
Baltor physically clucked his tongue, before saying, Umm, I change my mind…
Why are you changing your mind? That’s a perfect idea!
Well, what if a horde of those robed priests find us sometime in the very near future, like the man whom we acquired this rug? We may need your invisibility spell then more than now.
You’re right about that, she replied. So what do you suggest?
Let me check out this room on my own for a minute, but I’m not going to go in…in the meantime, I want you to stay seated on this magic carpet and learn how to operate it, so that if I get spotted, we can make a quick getaway back the way we came.
Okay.
He landed the carpet on the ground, before rising to his feet and stepping off—she, after closing her eyes for ten seconds, managed to elevate the carpet off the ground.
Upon seeing this, Baltor nodded his head one time, snuck up to the entrance, and looked around.
Besides learning that this square-shaped room was about two thousand feet in both length and width, he counted out one hundred and ninety-eight minotaurs. One hundred and ninety-four were sleeping in bunks. The four that were awake all happened to be seated in chairs around a table on far left side, and playing cards—all possessed two-handed axes whose handles leaned on the table and blades touched the floor. Just beyond this group lay the only other exit.
Perhaps thirty seconds later, he proceeded back to the position where Nemis was.
Well?  she asked.
After raising both eyebrows, he answered, There are nearly two hundred sleeping minotaurs—four are awake and playing cards. Beyond these four minotaurs is one exit.
So what do you suggest we do now?
Even though he took a deep breath, he still answered telepathically, I guess we’ll just have to use that invisibility spell and sneak over them on the magic carpet. After all, the fact that there are hundreds of minotaurs indicates to me that they must be guarding something important beyond. What other purpose could they have?
Sounds like a good plan to me, she said with a smile. Climb aboard behind me and hold on. I want to drive.
Okay, he said and did. He wrapped his arms around her waist.
Just before she began chanting, she threw a small smile, as she liked it just as much when he was holding onto her as the other way around.
She began chanting her spell—thirty seconds later, they and the rug turned invisible.
With that, she steered them around the corner, and entered the room—it was just as they neared to about twenty feet away from the minotaurs who were playing cards, that one stuck his nose up into the air, sniffed the air a couple of times, and roared aloud at the top of his lungs, “Minotaurs—I smell intruders! ”
“Oh crap,” Nemis said aloud—meanwhile, every last minotaur sprang out of bed, ready for combat.
Go—go—go!  Baltor exclaimed telepathically.
She directed the carpet to fly over the minotaurs and toward the exit at top speed, just barely avoiding two flying axes that went sailing nearby.
Three more axes flew by at the same time a few seconds later. That final axe actually struck Baltor in the back—although it bounced harmlessly off, he became visible.
As they zoomed passed the exit, they heard one minotaur roar aloud, “Let’s get ’em, boys—charge!” Following that order came the sounds of all the minotaurs roaring out like angry bulls as they began to stampede with a weapon in hand toward their enemies.
Nemis and Baltor saw that this tunnel went straight an entire mile before making a left. In a little under a minute, they were already making that left—this new tunnel continued straight for almost three miles until it ended at a closed door.
“Baltor,” Nemis said aloud, “there’s a door—”
“Yeah,” he interrupted, “I see it. Do you have any sort of ‘unlock doors spell’ in your arsenal?”
“No, I don’t,” she replied.
“Hmmm,” he said. “Okay. A little over a minute from now, we will be arriving at the door, and yes, there is a lock on it. Don’t know if it’s booby-trapped or not, magic or otherwise. Also, I have reason to suspect that one of them minotaurs might have the key as they are guarding whatever is behind it…so what I’m about to do is to hop off, fight and kill them all. Then we’ll discover whether my theory about them possessing the key is true.”
“Are you crazy? What if their weapons are magical?”
Baltor answered, “Well, one hit me already in the back with its axe, so my suspicion is no, unless it was a good-but-bad throw…if you want, use some of your attack spells, especially your fireball! I should be all right…I’m off!”
With that, he hopped off the carpet, rolled on the ground, drew his swords and faced the minotaurs that had just begun to round the corner—due to the size of the hallway, only five could run side by side.
“AHHHHHHHHHHHH,” they roared, running even faster. Several in the front of the ranks even tried to throw their axes at him, but Baltor deflected them all with his swords.
Though the ones that had thrown them were disarmed, they lowered their heads until their sharp, piercing horns pointed directly at their enemy.
Except when he had to avert an incoming axe using one or both of his swords, Baltor remained in the basic ready stance. That is, until bout twenty seconds before their arrival, he fearlessly began walking forward, step by step, all the while swinging his swords around his body so fast that they looked like spinning fans.
This boldness actually surprised the minotaurs in the lead, and they slowed down their pace, which turned out to be a huge mistake—for the ones in the rear began to push and shove the ones in the front, which caused two of them in the very front to trip over their feet and crash hard into the ground.
Consequently, the minotaurs right behind them crashed on top of those, and so on, and so on…quickly turning into a massive pileup.
Only a couple of the minotaurs managed to make it through, and they continued on—because Baltor knew that cattle had heads that were as solid as a rock, he knew that these minotaurs’ weaknesses were in their bodies, especially their legs, and so he somersaulted forward one time until he was in the crouched position, and waited.
Unexpectedly, he heard Nemis’ voice unexpectedly say in his head, Duck!
Right away, he assumed the prone position on his belly.
A fireball zoomed only inches above his head, which exploded upon impact with the four leading minotaurs—instantly, they caught on fire, already having forgotten about their prey.
Baltor took advantage, killing all of them in only seconds.
With that, he pressed on in killing minotaur after minotaur until he was at the heart of the pileup itself. There, he began to hack, slice and stab like a lunatic wherever he saw moving bodies or heads.
In less than thirty seconds time, Baltor had killed more than two-dozen enemies, but he did not stop. He leaped on top of the corpses, crouch-walking over beyond the pile, and stabbing more, and more, and more.
From behind him, he heard the sounds of a lightning bolt sizzle into any remaining living minotaurs at the lead. Though these types of creatures are fearless in nature, the ones in the far rear of the ranks saw that their numbers were quickly becoming decimated—they retreated.
Baltor, all the while, continued on killing more and more, as most were stacked on top and/or underneath other minotaurs…
Within five minutes, he had at least killed hundred and fifty of them. His armor, as well his face, was soaked in blood.
Finally, he emerged at the back of the pileup, seeing about two dozen of the remaining thirty-nine minotaurs still waiting to fight, though they now looked like they were in total shock and disbelief.
Looking like a madman, Baltor roared at the top of his lungs, “AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!”
This action caused a dozen of those minotaurs to begin retreating, but by then, it was already too late.
As there had not been any minotaurs within stabbing or slicing range, he began to throw his swords as if they were throwing axes—one after the other—into the backs of the beasts. Of course, he used his superpowers to have his swords back into his hands after they had stabbed an opponent.
After rounding the corner of the tunnel, he saw that there were only six left—jetting at top speed, he caught up to and killed the remaining minotaurs.
Only a few moments later, his mind heard Nemis timidly ask, Are you okay, Baltor?
I’m fine…not a scratch!
That was amazing from what I saw—you are, by far, the greatest fighter I’ve ever seen…the greatest!
Thank you, Nemis. Just stay where you’re at—I’m going to check this room out to see if I can find the key. It shouldn’t take me too long to locate and get back to you…
Okay. By the way, I’m so very-very-very glad you’re alive.
Thanks, he replied before entering the room. After looking around, a smile formed on his face as he saw—for the first time—an iron key that was hanging on an iron key ring, which hung off a rusty nail nailed into the wall.
As he picked up the key ring, he used telepathy to tell Nemis, I found the key…I’ll be there in approximately eight minutes.
Okay.
Precisely eight minutes later, he arrived at her position with the key. Upon seeing him with her physical eyes, she began to reach out in order to give him a hug, but in mid-reach, she hesitated, dropped her arms back to her side, and looked away with frustration. After all, she did not want to get him mad for her display of affection.
All the while, he had been looking at her with curiosity, observing the stars that lit up her eyes, until that glimmer faded as disappointment and fear set in—she obviously had “strong, romantic feelings…”
After sucking in a deep breath and releasing it, he reached out and gave her a tight hug—she wrapped her own arms around him, while bearing a smile of contentment.
Though she had a hard time fighting back all the “burning passions” growing within her, neither did she want to kiss a bloody face, so she pulled back from the hug and used the sleeve of her robes to wipe away the blood around his lips as best she could—he allowed it.
Once gone, she ever so gently kissed his lips. At first, Baltor couldn’t resist either, especially as good as her lips tasted on his, and how long it had been since he had kissed any woman, and so he began to kiss back, which kisses continued to get more and more intense.
Until suddenly, an image formed in Baltor’s mind—an image of his belated and beloved wife, Brishava. Never since her death had he even been remotely attracted to any other woman; that is, until now. He pulled away from the kiss, and looked away with confusion, frustration and a hint of bitterness.
She asked, “What’s wrong?”
While sucking in yet another deep breath, he pulled away from the hug while answering, “My wife…”
Now looking clearly upset, she released the hug before asking, “You’re married?”
“I…I was. She died a long time ago.”
“Ohhhh,” she said, sounding relieved—not for the fact that his wife was deceased, but the other fact: No longer married. Once more, she tried to wrap her arms around him.
Again, he pulled away from the hug, before saying, “Look, you’re going to have to give me time. Okay?”
“No problem,” she softly answered. “No problem at all.”
After clearing his throat several times, he said, “Besides that…we’ve got a whole hell of a long way to go, and seven more Arches to kill.”
“You’re right,” she said with an affirming nod. “But at least tell me now that you’re attracted to me, as I am to you, and I will say no more until you’re ready.”
“You already know that answer, or I wouldn’t have kissed you back,” he answered in truth.
“But, sometimes a woman needs to hear these things…please, Baltor. Tell me…”
“Okay,” he said as he looked back into her eyes, “I’m attracted to you. You are so very beautiful—inside and out. But I must confess… with you wearing those black robes of yours, and thus being of the evil alignment, I’m a little concerned. In fact, I’m very concerned because I am good…not evil.”
“Whether you admit it or not, you too bear a semi-evil alignment, which is why you glowed both blue and red right before we first met. Blue means good and red means evil. Yet just like me, you have a lot of good in you…I can feel it.”
Looking and sounding insulted, Baltor replied, “I’m not evil at all…look at all the great things I’ve accomplished in life. I used to be the ruler of an entire planet—a beloved Sultan to more than twelve million human people. And yes, I was awesome at it too…always very concerned with all the wants and needs of all my subjects…making the poor rich and the rich even richer. And right before I left—my planet—to come rescue my friend here—in hell—I called all my provincial governors together into my main palace’s courtyard in Pavelus—oh, and I had fifty-one palaces/provinces in total and a little more than sixty-two trillion in my coffers.”
After clearing his throat, he stated with pride, “It was then and there that I publicly declared to everyone that my Sharia Empire is forever after the Sharia Republic…democracy at its finest that I set up their constitution and bill of rights. If I was ‘evil,’ I would have only cared about myself…and never renounced my title, my lands, my peoples and my wealth…trust me, I’m one of the good guys.”
After releasing a chuckle, she responded, “That’s kind of the way it is with me too, but nowhere near your level…so, let me ask you, do you think I go off killing little babies in the middle of the night?”
While squinting his eyes and staring into hers, he answered, “No, I don’t.”
Throwing her left hand out in front of her toward the door, she suggested, “Good…let’s go! We’ve got a long way to go.”
“Okay,” he said with a nod and a smile.
With that, he spun around and walked up to the door—before he put the key into the lock, however, he checked for booby traps, both in the lock itself, as well all around the doorframe.
Once he felt satisfied that no booby traps remained—at least on this side of the door—he inserted the key and turned it.
When the mechanism made the clicking sound to indicate the door was now unlocked, Nemis felt her heart inside become unlocked as well. She realized, at that moment, that she would do anything for this man—even die if necessary.
Focused only on his “immediate task at hand,” as always, Baltor eased opened the door just an inch—he proceeded to check thoroughly around the doorframe for any booby traps on the other side.
When none could be found, he opened the door halfway.
They looked inside but did not step through. This room looked exactly like the ladder room that led up to this floor—cylinder shaped, possessing the same size and dimensions, and of course another ladder that led up to still another floor—but this room didn’t have any tiles on the floor, only smoothed-out sand.
Baltor rolled up the carpet, slung it over his shoulder, and asked, “Ready to go up?”
“Sure…but do you think I should cast a detect-magic spell, in order to make sure this area’s not also booby-trapped in a magical fashion?”
“Sounds good.”
She cast her detect magic spell, but nothing out of the ordinary in the room lit up.
Baltor placed his left foot down on the sand, feeling that it was solid—one second later, his right foot joined his left.
After noting the ground here was solid, he cautiously walked up to the ladder until reaching it, and then climbed to the top—Nemis followed.
Once at the top, he poked his head above the rim to check out the new surroundings, as well to ensure that the coast was clear—it was.
Unlike the two previous levels where there were four exits, there was one exit/direction they could go—a thin and narrow tunnel that was only five feet wide and ten feet tall.
He stepped up to the next floor and waited for Nemis.
Once she stood by his side, only moments later, she asked, “I need to eat something real quick—please hold on?”
“Okay,” he answered just before laying the carpet out on the ground and sitting down in the front-middle of it. Not once had he ever gotten thirsty, or even hungry.
As soon as she had sucked down her nutritional packet, she sat down behind Baltor, grabbed his waist, and said, “Let’s go.”
With a nod, he willed the carpet to rise up five feet into the air, before moving it forward at top speed.
As they went down this tunnel, they saw it continued for fifteen miles before coming to a T-intersection. Unlike all the previous intersections before, the sand abruptly ended and a concrete floor emerged—not a single piece of sand could be found on the concrete.
“Hmm,” she was the first to say, “at least we’re seeing something different now. Maybe we’re getting close to the end of this labyrinth.”
“I don’t know,” Baltor said, while cocking his head to the side just a little bit. “Remember how big this pyramid is from the outside?”
“True,” she answered, while squeezing him just a bit tighter, “I had forgotten.”
“By the way,” he added with a laugh. He looked over his shoulder and added, “You also forgot to toss a white pebble onto the ground behind us, just in case we need to go back to the beginning.”
“Right,” she said, just before she pulled out the bag, and dropped the appropriate stone onto the ground. “Which way do you think we should go?”
After having looked both directions, he answered, “Both ways look about the same to me…we’ll go right.”
“Okay.”
They went right down the tunnel, which tunnel veered left at a ninety-degree, after twenty-five miles.
Upon having stopped at the corner itself, they discovered that they were at one of the four corners of a square-shaped city that was fifty-squared-miles, consisting of millions of buildings made from sandstone—many of these buildings possessed hieroglyphics that had been etched by master stonemasons onto the surfaces.
Pylons and/or statues, also made of the same material, had been planted at the entrances to these gold-fenced-and-gated properties that surrounded the buildings.
The roads had been paved with gold, running parallel and perpendicular every mile. At every street corner, there stood a twenty-foot tall light-post, also made of gold, in which the top of the post held a glowing, sky-blue orb.
In the smack middle of this city, a mini-pyramid stood at ten thousand feet tall, and made from what appeared to be one solid piece of malachite crystal. The top of the mini-pyramid existed only one hundred feet near the dome of the big-pyramid. The primary source of light came from a prismatic orb that hovered halfway between the two, which light managed to spread itself out throughout the city.
Regarding the city’s population, there were tens of millions of them, spread just about everywhere in various-sized clusters like the stars—handling his, her, its, or their own business. Surprising to Baltor and Nemis, only a small percentage were human, while a vast majority consisted of hundreds of different humanoid races, including hybrids like jackal-headed or bird-headed humans, or the other way around.
Of course, a wide assortment of dangerous-and-scary monsters roamed and patrolled all about—hundreds of thousands of monsters in total.
One of the strangest-looking monsters all did not have arms or legs, yet it needed none as it flew all about. Instead, it had the body the size of a rhinoceros, the shape of a ball, and hundreds of wriggling tentacles spread all about. Upon closer inspection, it had a single eye in the middle of its body, a mouth with rows of razor-sharp teeth like a shark, and each tentacle had an eyeball that looked intelligently all about as the main eye.
Thousands of citizens rode on his, her, or its own magic carpet up or down the streets, all around the height between five to eight feet—the rest that did not fly walked, flew, or just stood in place. As for their attire, versatile as their numbers—only a few wore similar white and gold robes to the former owner of the magic carpet that Baltor and Nemis rode on now.
Perhaps thirty seconds after he had stopped the carpet, he backed it up until they were no longer in view of the city. It was then that he said aloud, “Nemis, I bet we can get through this city easily enough, and that the pyramid is the Arch’s palace…but I’m going to need that cloak again, so I can disguise myself.”
“Okay,” she replied, just before she began to take it off and hand it over. She put on her own hood.
As soon as he had donned the cloak and hood, he added, “Now, we need to figure our game plan out for what we’re going to do once we arrive at that pyramid, so that the same thing doesn’t happen to us here, as it did at Bastion.”
Raising both of her eyebrows, she asked, “So what do you propose?”
“Well,” Baltor said while rubbing his goatee, “I think that shortly before we near that little pyramid, we fly our way up to the top to that upper entrance, find the throne room as quickly as possible, and kill the ruler just as quickly…sneaking around doesn’t seem to do that much good, as we’ve already learned. Right?”
“You’re right about that,” she replied.
“You got all your spells handy?”
“Yes sir!”
“Hey—do you have the power to cast your invisibility spell?”
Nemis nodded her head.
“Good…save it. If we should happen to run into any problems with the denizens while traveling through the city, cast your spell right then and there and make us invisible. But if we have no problems by the time we arrive at the pyramid, I will give you the thumbs-up and that is when you need to start casting.”
“Okay, sounds like a perfect plan to me.”
“All right,” he said, just before he willed the carpet to go forward, around the corner, and into the heart of the city.
Surprising enough, no one paid the slightest amount of attention to either of them. It took a little less than a half an hour at riding at full speed, before they began to near the pyramid that was as wide as it was tall, which had two entrances—one near the top and one at the bottom.
Once they had neared the pyramid, perhaps a thousand feet away, Baltor stopped the carpet and threw the “thumbs up”—Nemis began to cast, and ten seconds later, they turned invisible.
Baltor willed the carpet to fly up toward the upper entrance, and sure enough, it began to elevate right up. It was at this point that he allowed himself to crack a little smile, because he had not known whether these carpets had elevation control or not—sure enough, they did.
Nearly twenty seconds later, they entered the upper entrance—inside they observed that this massive room had about one hundred people who surrounded a five-hundred-foot tall statue that stood in the middle of them all. This statue had a gold humanoid creature with the body of a man, but the head of a jackal.
In front of the statue, there stood a small pool of water, only ten feet by ten feet. Large incense burners burned at each of the statue’s corners, as well as all the corners of the room.
As for the people of all ages and races, they all wore white and gold robes, and similar-colored make-up on their faces—continuously they hummed, chanted, and prayed while facing the statue that hadn’t yet moved, yet could very well be Arch-Devil Set. Neither Baltor nor Nemis had to guess that these people were this devil’s priests and priestesses.
In particular, one female stood on the far side of the statue—although she wore the headgear of a jackal, her face was visible, human, and beautiful. As she had her hands extended high above her in a prayer type of fashion, it seemed obvious that she must be the high priestess.
The only other thing that drew Baltor and Nemis’ attention existed on the far side of the room. A fifty-foot tall exit angled downward for about two hundred feet, before it angled sharply to the left. Strangely, not a single person seemed to have a clue that Baltor and Nemis were there, or maybe, they just did not care…
However, neither person was sure of what to do next, nor could they communicate to each other, even using telepathy, without risk of being discovered—whether to try and attack this statue, which could be Set or just a statue, or whether to explore out the rest of this pyramid within a pyramid.
Perhaps ten seconds later, Baltor made the choice and entered the passage on the far side of the room. After, of course, flying high over the heads of a dozen priests making their way up this passage in single file, he saw that the passage veered left and took it.
About five hundred feet away, it opened up into a room that was about a mile long and a mile wide.
At the far end of the room stood a gigantic throne made entirely out of gold and jewels, which throne could fit a man or woman about thirty feet tall and five feet wide, and was unoccupied right now. Other than the throne, there were no other pieces of furniture, nor ornaments of any type anywhere—there was a set of closed double-doors in this room to the right. Polishing the throne itself with a rag was a priest, of who was all by himself.
Baltor flew the carpet behind the throne and landed it—though she was confused as to why he had just landed the carpet, she felt his hand gently pat her shoulder twice, which meant to her that everything was okay, and that she should stay put. She did.
As for Baltor, he invisibly crept his way behind the priest, unsheathed both swords, and pinched them up against at the priest’s neck—that priest froze.
Whispering, he said, “Shh… Now listen up. You’re either going to follow me behind the throne, or die…what’s your choice?”
The priest answered, “I—I cannot see you but I will obey your orders, so, so please, be careful!”
With Baltor’s swords still pinching the priest’s throat, he led him behind the throne. Once there, he asked, “Where is your ruler?”
“My high priestess?”
“No,” he answered. “You know exactly whom I’m talking about.”
“The Arch-Devil Se—” the priest was about to answer, but he became interrupted as he felt that the sword slightly cut his throat, which drew a bit of blood.
“Yes…him,” Baltor replied.
“You can go ahead and kill me if you wish,” the priest answered, “but I’m not telling you anything anymore. In fact, I’d be happy to die a martyr, especially in hell! Maybe I’ll even get promoted?”
Both Baltor and the priest heard Nemis softly chanting a spell—though neither of the men knew what kind, Baltor trusted her and allowed her to finish.
Upon completion, only three seconds later, a glazed-look crossed the priest’s eyes, and he said, “Your wish is my command.”
Baltor realized that Nemis must have hypnotized the priest, so he relaxed the sword from his throat, but not too much.
Nemis commanded, “Where is your Arch-Devil, of whom you shall not say his name?”
“He is at the Council of Nine’s annual meeting and won’t be back until the meeting is over.”
“How long will that be?”
“I don’t know. It varies every year—sometimes hours, sometimes days, weeks, or months. Nobody knows.”
“Great,” Baltor said aloud to Nemis, “now what?”
Nemis asked, “Do you have your own room around here?”
“No, I share it with my brethren and sisters.”
She asked, “Does this throne tilt back and reveal the River Styx?”
The priest answered, “I don’t know…I’m only an acolyte who started a few years ago, so I don’t know much of anything.”
With a slight snarl on his face, Baltor said to Nemis, “This guy is proving to be worthless.”
Just then, the invisibility spell dissipated.
“Great!” Baltor whispered under his breath agitation, upon seeing both he and Nemis reappearing in the snap of a finger.
“So tell me acolyte,” Nemis asked, “are there any good hiding places around here?”
“No, there are not,” he answered, while only now starting to eyeball her suspiciously.
“Any other questions you can think of, Nemis?” Baltor asked, still sounding upset.
Shaking her head, she answered, “no.”
With that, Baltor used the hilt of one of his swords to bash it into the top of the priest’s skull in order to knock the man out, but instead of just knocking him out, the hilt smashed through the skull, blood and brains splattered out, and the priest died.
“That wasn’t good,” Nemis said with shock and horror. “Now look…his blood’s beginning to spread all across the floor, and the priests are going to know something’s wrong soon enough.”
“I only intended to knock him out…not kill him. I swear to God!”
Just then, a strange humming sound began to emerge from somewhere on the other side of the throne, which interrupted her from saying what she was about to say, which was to never use that word in hell—neither person could identify the type of sound, other than that it was very low, deep, and bass-y.
Baltor poked his head around the throne, noting that there was a twenty-eight-foot tall being materializing in the middle of the room, yet most fortunately, facing the other direction.
From that second’s glance, he could see that this being had a human body, wore a headdress and a loincloth, and was armed with a fifteen-foot long spear that had a sharp axe on each end—without doubt, he knew that this must be Set.
Quickly, he looked over at Nemis, threw his index finger in Set’s direction, jumped onto the back of the throne, drew his other sword, and leaped right for Set, of whom had just completed materializing—the sound stopped a second later.
In the same second, Set spun around and masterfully deflected both swords with his weapon. From the front, they could see that Set had the face of a real jackal.
“Who are you?” Set asked, which voice sounded like three mechanical-voices speaking as one, all the while swinging his spear around in a wide circle over his head.
Baltor did not answer, yet rolled to the right, leapt back into the air, and threw two more attacks aimed for Set’s heart.
Again, Set easily deflected both attacks, before ordering, “I demand to know—who are you?”
“Don’t you worry about we are,” Baltor answered, now trying to gauge his opponent’s strengths and weaknesses—meanwhile, Nemis began to chant out a spell.
Set aimed a thrust of his spear straight for his opponent, yet Baltor barely managed to avoid the attack by rolling to his left.
For the next minute or so, both individuals threw dozens of outstanding offensive strikes at each other, but both were equally quick with their defenses, and all was quicker than the normal human eye could see. At the end of that minute, Nemis’ hands began to shoot out snow and ice aimed for Set.
Rapidly, ice began to form around Set’s body, and as he turned to face the direction of Nemis in order to figure out what was going on, Baltor threw both swords with all of his might. Though the sword in his left hand missed, the one in his right did not, plunging all the way to the hilt into Set’s torso.
While howling out in pain, Set swung out his spear, which smacked hard into Baltor’s midsection. In turn, Baltor’s body flew backwards, landing on the back of his head—it was then that Nemis saw that Set’s priests and priestesses were running down the hallway and only moments away from entering the room.
“Kill them,” Set ordered, sounding in pain and furious. He pulled Baltor’s sword out of his own body and threw it hard to the ground. Surprisingly, the sword did not shatter.
As they tried to enter the room, Nemis aimed her blizzard attack on them—nearly a dozen turned into icicles within seconds, and many more were quickly freezing up. The priests in the rear attempted to hide behind their frozen-to-death buddies.
Meanwhile, Baltor had willed both swords into his hands, and once acquired a split second later, he ran straight for Set, of whom he observed had lifted his right hand toward Nemis.
Even before the next second had begun, a lightning bolt sizzled out of Set’s hand and struck her body—she flew fifty feet, before crashing into the wall and then crashing the ground. Smoke continued to rise up from her unmoving body.
Baltor saw this, peripherally, and anger set in. He leapt once more into the air, plunging both swords deep into Set’s skull—Set tried to howl out in pain, but couldn’t as his body crumpled to the ground, now unmoving and dead.
Seeing all of this firsthand, the priests and priestesses were in total shock that their god/Arch-Devil had just been slain—they froze in place unsure of what to do next.
Baltor looked over, and yelled out, “You guys want some of this…come get some!”
All but the high priestess ran upstairs … she stood in place with tears already coming out of her eyes.
As Baltor was still wrathful, he flung his sword at her—the butt smacked into her head, knocking her out cold.
Without any further delay, he hurried over to Nemis’ unmoving position, and after sheathing his sword, he, ever so gently, set her head into his lap.
“Are you okay?”
Although her eyes remained closed, she was still breathing.
“Wake up Nemis…I know you can hear me.”
She opened up her eyes into tiny slits, and said, “Yeah, I’m okay, though I hurt real bad!”
“You’ll be fine,” he said.
She had a hard time answering, due to the anguishing pains she felt. “My robes…are supposed to…protect me from lightning…but then again…that bolt of lightning came…from an Arch.”
Just as she had completed her answer, Baltor observed—peripherally—that Beeal had just appeared out of nowhere, to their right about fifty feet away.
Glancing over for only a second, Baltor turned his attention back onto Nemis, and said, “You should be all right then…your body’s just in shock is all.”
“Yeah, I think so…”
“Bravo!” Beeal said, as he clapped his hands a few times. “I didn’t think you could do it, but you did—absolutely amazing!”
Ignoring him, Baltor asked, “You sure you’re all right, Nemis?”
“Yeah, yeah,” she responded, “I am. Just give me a minute.”
“Take whatever time you need,” Beeal said.
Baltor looked over and said, “I did my part of the deal, so we’re even.”
“Yes, yes we are,” became Beeal’s joyous response as he sat in his new throne. He added, “Although, this place does need some major-major redecorating. So bland around here…”
Baltor shook his head in condemnation, but said nothing.
Beeal added, “Your friend’s all right…relax, Baltor.”
She pried herself up into a sitting position, and once there a few moments later, she continued to remain seated.
“So,” Beeal asked, “I suppose you’re all ready to get down to business and get to the next plane of hell?”
“Almost, Arch-Devil, give her another minute to recuperate.”
“No problem…just so you know, I won’t be able to help you through the next plane—just get you both there,” Beeal stated.
“That’s fine,” Baltor said.
“Baltor,” Beeal suggested, “you should really consider working for me.”
“No thanks,” he replied with a little chuckle.
At this point, Nemis began to try and stand up on her own, but she felt horribly weak—therefore, Baltor assisted her and held onto her just in case.
“Well,” Baltor asked, “are you going to tilt back the throne, Beeal, so we can proceed?”
“Actually, that was in my former plane,” he answered. “Here, the entrance is, I believe, in the pool of water upstairs next to the statue. Follow me…”
Baltor first willed his other sword back into his free hand, just before sheathing it. He then guided Nemis, following Beeal upstairs.
Once upstairs, they saw that there were still nearly seventy priests and priestesses huddled in the corner—all looked deathly afraid, and for good reason.
Beeal said nothing throughout the entire trip to anybody, only continued to lead the two to the pool.
Once there, he turned around and said with a wink, “Well, seeing as you have helped me achieve my goal, I shall help you with this tip. Before you jump in into the river, I would suggest that you take your carpet, especially where you’re going next.” With that, he snapped his fingers, and the carpet appeared right next to the two.
“Why is that?” Baltor asked.
After laughing evilly, Beeal answered, “You’ll soon see…”
Baltor rolled up the carpet and slung it over his shoulder.
“Any other tips?” Baltor asked.
Beeal answered with a diabolical smile, “Not without a cost.”
“No thanks then,” Baltor said while shaking his head. Looking over at Nemis, he asked, “Are you ready?”
Nemis nodded her head affirmatively one time.
With that, the two jumped into the pool, which sucked them down the drain like a toilet. Once down the pipes, the two traveled down another waterslide.



CHAPTER III


Several hours later, the even-more-thrilling-than-the-first waterslide abruptly ended—in which Baltor and Nemis had just begun to move at a speed of greater than a hundred miles per hour—and a quarter-of-a-mile long stretch of gushing freefalling waterfall began. Not once had they let go of holding each other’s hand, including now.
After freefalling with the incredible force of the water thrusting them down even harder for only the next two seconds, as they were moving that fast, they next slam-dunked into the middle of a dozen-foot deep pool of water sitting in the middle of an overflowing island.
Even after they had sunk below the water, they sank through another half-dozen feet of mud before stopping. This impact would have instantly crushed every bone in the average person’s body, but did nothing except to knock the wind out of their lungs.
As soon as they had stopped descending, they let go of each other’s hand, just before clawing their way upward through the mud; and once they were back in the pool only seconds later, they swam for the top.
Perhaps fifteen seconds later as they swam to the edge, they came to discover that the depth of this pool had drastically risen to a foot of water. The entire island was flooded with water.
They walked to the very edge, discovering that they could not accurately call this landmass “an island” either. No sources of water surrounded this land, except for the water unceasingly pouring off this one, nor could a drop of water be seen anywhere through the lightning, thunder and cloudy skies.
However, there were dozens of those various-sized, three-dimensional, puzzle-shaped, floating islands, in which every island mysteriously levitated at different heights that all contained purple grass and yellow bushes growing on top. In fact, the only sources of light at all were the frequent lightning bolts that arced here and there. Upon looking down, it seemed to the both of them that this hell was truly bottomless.
Without any further delay, Baltor took a few steps back, just before beginning to unroll the carpet onto the soggy ground.
Meanwhile, Nemis asked aloud, “Hey…before we ride the carpet, would it be all right if I checked out this lamp? By the way, yes I’m fully aware I’m using verbal communication, but there’s no one around, and right now I just need to talk aloud in order to keep my sanity.”
Baltor answered, “Sure, in answer to your question, and yes we can physically communicate for now, but honestly, I don’t know what good a lamp is going to do us right now.”
Instead of responding, she pulled the lamp out of her pocket and began to check it out … though beautiful in design, the porcelain lamp was unadorned with any inscriptions or designs.
A few seconds later, she opened the lid and looked inside, but as the lamp was empty, she shut the lid and continued to gaze at it.
“Hmm,” she said. “Very strange lamp…”
“Is it useful?”
“I cannot identify what its purpose is at all…unlike most magic items.”
As she saw one of her fingerprints smeared on the side, she rubbed it clean. The second she was done, a black-colored smoke began to pour out the little spout.
That smoke got thicker and thicker by the second, despite the gusty winds—meanwhile, the two continued to watch the lamp.
Nearly a minute later, the upper body and head of a man appeared just over the level of the smoke—this man was shirtless, revealing his massive-muscled torso, and equally muscled arms that were crossed in front of him at his waist. He had a foot-long goatee that was red and curly, and he wore a turban on his head.
“Ah,” this half-man sighed happily in a very deep tone of voice. “Finally I can see the light of day, though I am confused as to how long I’ve been in there and where we are right now!”
Baltor had his hand on the handle of one of his swords, just in case, but he did not draw it out yet. Instead, he asked, “What and who are you?”
“Why—I am a genie! My name is Mirrak. Where the hell am I?”
Nemis stifled back a laugh just before answering, “You, my friend, are in the third plane of hell, though we found your lamp in the treasury of the second plane.”
Mirrak replied, “Wow…that’s crazy! Hell, huh? It’s not as I heard or imagined it would be.”
“Yes it is,” she answered with a smile that did not look like a smile that indicated that she was happy to be here one bit.
“Thank you for rescuing me from that awful lamp, most-beautiful lady,” the genie answered most-appreciatively. “In return, I can offer you one wish. But once you make that wish, you must promise to shatter the lamp on the ground after I make your wish happen, so I can become free from that prison, once and for all.”
“Whatever wish I want,” she asked.
Mirrak answered, “Though I am quite powerful, my wishes do have a few limitations to them.”
“Like what?” Baltor asked.
“I can only tell you that answer upon hearing the nature of your wish,” the genie answered.
“Can you kill Arch-Devils?”
“That…I cannot do. They are more powerful than I, though not by much.”
“Hmm,” she said. “Can you teleport us to the Ninth Plane of Hell?”
“That I cannot do either.”
Baltor asked, “How about at least getting us to the Arch-Devil of this plane?”
“That I can do,” he answered with an affirming nod, a smile, and the snapping of his fingers. “But I must know the name of the person before I can make your wish happen.”
Nemis answered, “Well, we cannot outright say that name without this individual knowing our location.”
“Understood,” the genie said. “However, if you were to make that one wish, you will arrive first at the very location of the Arch-Devil, and not the other way around.”
Nemis looked to Baltor questioningly.
Baltor answered, “If you want my opinion, I think we should wait on that wish as we are not trapped on this island, Nemis. Use it on the later planes, perhaps?”
Without waiting for her answer, he asked another question, “Genie, can you bring imprisoned people to us?”
“That I can also do,” Mirrak answered with an affirming nod.
“That’s a great idea, Baltor! We should just wish for that,” Nemis said. “Then we don’t have to go through anymore of this crap…and just go home.”
“And how will we get home if we’ve already used our one wish up?” Baltor asked.
“Well why don’t we think about it for a little bit,” Nemis said, while shrugging her shoulders.
“That’s the best plan…”
“Do we really have to wait?” Mirrak asked with a raised eyebrow. “I’d really like to be free now.”
Once again, Nemis looked at Baltor with a questioning look.
Suddenly, Baltor began to get “a really bad feeling” about this genie. He could not explain why, only the fact that there was not something quite right.
“I think we should wait,” Baltor said but one moment later.
“Why?” both Nemis and the genie asked simultaneously.
Instead of answering the question, Baltor said, “Go back into your lamp for now, Mirrak. We’ll let you know when we’re ready.”
The genie looked over at Baltor with very ruffled feathers, before stating, “You have no authority over me—she does.” Looking at Nemis, he begged right away, “Please, please…just make your wish now, so I can go my merry way.”
Nemis said, “Like my friend said, go back into your lamp for now. When I’m ready, I’ll let you know.”
As the genie did not have any choice, due to the fact that Nemis was “the master of the lamp,” he as well all his smoke, disappeared back in the lamp in three seconds.
“Put it back in your pocket,” Baltor suggested.
She did, but as there was a question on her mind, she asked, “Why didn’t we make our wish now?”
“I don’t know,” he answered. “But my gut’s telling me that there’s something bad about that genie.”
“I just wish to get our—”
“Watch your words,” he interrupted.
“Okay, my bad. I just really want to grab my mom and your friend, and go home.”
After sighing, he responded, “I would love nothing better than to go home myself, but my friend specifically told me that there was but one way to rescue him. To go any other route would end in disaster. Besides, that genie is quite pushy, which makes me triply nervous, as I’ve dealt with many people like that in my life who were in fact tricksters.”
Nemis had nothing to say to that.
After Baltor sat on the rug, he said, “Climb on board behind me.”
She did.
A second later, the carpet elevated off the ground, just before leaving the perimeters of the island.
“Where to first?”
“Let’s see what lies at the bottom first, if there is a bottom,” he said. He willed the carpet to fly at a forty-five degree decline with half the maximum speed, which gravity-shift shoved Nemis’ body tight into his—she did not mind.
A few moments later, she answered, “You’re the boss, Baltor. By the way, I’ve been thinking…maybe we should just get rid of the lamp? I could even toss it right now. What do you think?”
“Not yet, Nemis. That genie may prove useful. We might even be able to make him first swear that he can’t defile your wish, especially upon hearing your very proposal to drop the lamp.”
“Okay. Good idea….”
The next sixteen hours passed without any other words spoken, as they descended tens of thousands of feet. In the end, all they discovered were hundreds of floating islands, along with the angry storm that never abated. Inevitably, the time came when Baltor said aloud, “I don’t know…maybe this hell really is bottomless?”
“Maybe,” she responded a few moments later.
“Furthermore, I haven’t seen any signs of people or creatures or buildings or anything…only islands. Have you?”
“No.”
“Well, I suppose we should level out and move at top speed.”
“Okay.”
Baltor leveled out the carpet, now flying straight ahead—once more, silence prevailed.
Twenty hours and more than six hundred islands later, they finally saw their “first sign of movement,” about ten miles ahead. It possessed the shape of a globe that spanned one-eighth of a mile, and had a handful of different colors that speedily swirled all around—red, blue, green, white, and yellow. Whether it was some type of machine, or a living creature, neither person knew.
No matter which possibility was the answer, Baltor still cocked his head around, put his index finger up to his lips, and silently made his lips look like he was saying, “Shh.”
She nodded.
Without any further delay, he navigated the carpet for the nearest island, about five hundred feet to their left and three hundred feet higher than their current altitude.
Once hidden in “the perfect hiding spot” inside a deep, rocky gorge, only then did he stop the carpet. Despite the fact that Baltor’s binocular-vision had remained glued, as if he was only one foot away, he still could not identify it.
Perhaps a minute later, this sphere exploded outwards, revealing not one life form, yet a colossal-sized group of massive, living creatures all bundled into one tight package. Approximately thirty to forty fully-grown dragons now loosely flew amongst one another, while battling viciously using claws and/or fangs.
Nearly five minutes later, the dragons stopped fighting, and as they began to hover, talk, and laugh amongst one another, Baltor and Nemis realized that these dragons had not been battling each other at all, but horse playing. Furthermore, the only way to tell between a male and a female was the octave of the voice—males spoke a deep bass, while the females possessed shrilly altos.
Although a dozen different conversations happened to be occurring in the Dragonic tongue at the very same time, Baltor focused his attention upon one conversation going on between three dragons. This is what his ears heard and his mind interpreted:
A red, female dragon had just begun to say, “That was a lot of fun…hee hee hee! We should get together more often…right guys?”
“Yeah…ha ha, we should, Cherrias,” a green, male dragon answered. “Next time though, I’ll kick your butt, Gongroid.”
A blue, male dragon—Gongroid—replied, “You wish, Yasenva. Just like this time, I will always be the reigning champion. Hahaha! ”
Yasenva asked, “What—ha ha—you want round two now?”
Gongroid answered, “I would, sighs, but I have guard duty at Tiamat’s palace in an hour. Thank goodness we only have to do one shift every millennium, as nothing exciting ever happens there.”
“True that,” Cherrias sighed.
“So…when we going to get together again, everybody? Everybody?” Yasenva asked just loud enough to stop all the other conversations going on. Once silence reigned, he added, “It only took us one thousand years to get together since our last school reunion!”
A white, female dragon suggested, “How about in five hundred years from now?”
Using this phrase, or a similar phrase, all of the dragons answered while nodding their heads, “All right…”
Cherrias was the next to say, “Well, everybody, I’m off—see you all soon…”
Almost all of the dragons responded in unison, “Bye, Cherrias.”
Cherrias left, flying the opposite direction where Baltor and Nemis were located.
Baltor’s attention remained on Gongroid—the blue dragon that said he had guard duty. Other dragons were in the process of saying their farewells, just before taking off in different directions. Only once, so far, did Baltor have to hide even further in their nook.
Nearly ten minutes later, all of the dragons had left, except for Gongroid and one other white dragon who continued to talk.
Five minutes later, that white dragon concluded the conversation with, “Well, gotta go, Gongroid. See ya in five hundred years.”
With that, Gongroid threw one final look at his buddy and nodded his head, before flying off to Baltor and Nemis’ right.
Inside Baltor’s mind, he heard Nemis ask, So what’s going on?
We’re going to follow that blue dragon. Apparently, he’s got guard duty tonight at Tamait’s palace.
Isn’t her name—?
Yes, it is, but I’m purposefully saying it in reverse.
Gotcha—are we going to follow him?
Yes we are, right now…
With that, Baltor navigated the carpet at top speed until they arrived at the next island, a little less than eight hundred feet away. After he had checked it to make sure the coast was clear until the next island, twelve hundred feet away, he made the carpet fly straight for it.
For the next forty minutes, Baltor and Nemis did “a stop and go” between all the islands, as they followed the dragon who seemed oblivious to their presence the entire time.
Inevitably, Gongroid flew for an island that was about twenty miles long by forty miles wide—the largest landmass they had seen since their arrival.
No sign of civilization or life could be seen on top—just a cave near the bottom—the very direction Gongroid continued to fly toward. Five minutes later, he disappeared inside this cave.
Meanwhile, Baltor and Nemis had just arrived at the nearest island, only two thousand feet away and one hundred feet below.
As soon as he had parked at another hiding spot—still in view of the cave—he said, Well, you’d figure this would get easier as you go along…but it doesn’t. It gets harder. Honestly, I have no clue whether this particular island is this dragon’s home, or perhaps Tamait’s palace exists inside, or if there is a portal inside that cave that leads to her palace, or what this place is at all. Do you have any ideas, or spells, to aid us?
After pursing her lips, which lips made a slight chirping sound that lasted for a few seconds, she finally answered, Um…I can make us both invisible, so that maybe we can check things out inside that cave. Or, we have the genie at our disposal.
Just then, Gongroid emerged from the cave, now wearing battle armor on his body with a helmet on his head. Both objects had dozens of holes in it, so that all of the horns could protrude out.
Without any further delay, this dragon began to chant in the Dragonic tongue: ten seconds later, a large glowing-red rune appeared in front of his position, about one thousand feet. Both Baltor and Nemis wondered what could be the purpose for this rune?
The very second the dragon’s nose impacted with the rune, he vanished into thin air. For some mysterious reason, the teleportation rune continued to remain hovering in the middle of the air.
Not caring why, Baltor began flying the carpet at top speed for the rune—although he believed that he could replicate this same rune if he had to, he’d rather not spend his own magical energy.
Had the carpet been one second later, only a few seconds later, that rune would have closed, but as it was, they surprisingly made it through the portal.
On the other side, they discovered that they were now in the smack middle of a single room that was exactly one thousand miles in length and width—the ceiling was two thousand miles tall. The walls consisted of a single piece of swirly marble that possessed every color, in which the colors magically moved about in swirling motions. The floors, however, were made of solid-gold checkered tiles. The ceiling had been painted two different skies—day on the left and night on the right.
Strange but true…the only sources of illumination in this room came from the large, prismatic orb hovering in the middle of the air near the far-left corner, as well the millions of tiny glowing orbs imbedded into the ceiling itself on the right.
Massive stacks of treasure and/or equally massive dragon-statues made from all precious materials—woods, metals, crystals, jewels—lined up the walls in a wide variety of poses.
Far more important than the statues was the army of hundreds of thousands of living dragons (all helmeted and battle-armored) that had been engaged in a wide variety of activities, but now, in unison, they had stopped in their tracks and were now looking directly at Baltor and Nemis.
At the far end of the room, there lay a fifty-foot tall, rectangular throne—made of gold that continuously swirled around with platinum—it was a quarter of a mile in length and width. Sitting on it happened to be a dragon, just as big as the throne and possessing five heads—red, black, white, blue, and green—all heads had already turned to look at the two. This had to be Tiamat.
“Intruders…kill them,” all five heads roared in unison. This dragon was obviously female by the shrilly tone in her voice.
Right away, every dragon but Tiamat began flying toward their enemies with claws and fangs ready to tear and kill—meanwhile, Baltor rose to his feet on the carpet while drawing both of his swords. Nemis began chanting, still sitting down.
Not even before the next three seconds had passed, Baltor had already deflected four different dragons’ physical attacks as they whizzed on by at blinding speeds—swords that hadn’t hurt any of the dragons one iota, not even a scratch.
The entire time, Baltor listened as Nemis chanted one of her magic spells, although he had no idea what spell might possibly save them from this madness.
In the fourth second, a red dragon had just blown out a powerful blast of fire out of its mouth aimed at them both, but thankfully, the fire had no effect on either.
The second Nemis had finished chanting on the fifth second, Baltor observed—with a whole lot of shock—that the dragons in the room were swiftly beginning to get larger and larger.
Within seconds, the dragons were already far too big to be seen—replacing them were other unidentifiable dust particles that were getting larger and larger by the second. Only a few out of the entire bunch were blue, green, or red—most were white.
Though they continued to shrink more and more, Baltor asked aloud, “What in the hell did you just cast, Nemis?”
With a crooked smile, she answered, “I shrunk us to 1/1000th of our normal size.”
“I see…I see.”
“Are you angry I did this?”
“Not at all…just surprised. So how long does this spell last?”
“Actually, hee hee, we have an hour before returning to our normal size. What do you think we should do in the meantime?”
Baltor was about to answer, but didn’t get a chance as he was forced to drop onto both knees on the carpet, as well duck his head into his chest, just barely ducking out of the way from a blue blob—with sharp spikes all over—that zinged by.
After sitting down on the carpet, this time facing Nemis, he took a deep breath and released it to calm his tense nerves before asking, “What the hell was that?”
She laughed before answering with a nonchalant wave of the hand, “Oh that, that’s a proton—they’re harmless if they touch you. The red ones are electrons, and the green ones are neutrons. Whenever a magical spell is cast, on a subatomic level, all of the particles in the area temporarily unite into one massive ball of energy…over time, the white particles dissipate, and the remainder of the colored particles spread out. On every single plane in the universe do these exist, including this hell…interesting?”
Baltor hummed aloud, “Hmm…very interesting info. Well, are they dangerous?”
“Just like with anything powerful,” she answered, “they can be dangerous when in the wrong hands…and they can be a blessing if in the right.”
It was then that they had just entered into another brand-new world—this environment was even stranger than the last in that there were ever-growing clusters of sub-atomic particles just about everywhere—some of these particles were already the size of a house. Of course, they could not help but notice the millions of tiny worm-like creatures—with little blue lightning bolts that sizzled over their bodies. They floated about as if there was no gravity, while feasting on even tinier, levitating, white particles.
Perhaps fifteen seconds later, Baltor was the first to say, “Wow…this place is a trip!”
“Yes it is…I’ve been here nearly sixty times myself—first time in hell. No matter what world or dimension I’ve visited and cast this shrink spell, everything proves to be the same in the roots…”
Baltor switched to using telepathy as he replied, I see…so, is there any way we can make use of those energy particles, in order to make them dangerous to the dragons, especially to Tamait?
Nemis rolled her eyes up into the back of her head for a moment, before answering, Well, one way is via magic, as I already explained—the second is by making a mechanical bomb out of it…but I have no clue as to how to make that work. I once read in the history of my Order about a small group of alchemical masters—wearing the robes of black—who secretly tried such a feat in their shared magical tower several years before my birth. Unfortunately, the atomic bomb exploded prematurely, which explosion was so powerful that it destroyed not only the entire magical tower, yet everything within fifty miles of it—everyone and everything inside the tower was obliterated instantly, including their books, records, and their very lives…
Once she was sure he understood her words, a handful of seconds later, she revealed, No one else dared to try and repeat their experiments that I know of…as for me, I like to come here and explore this inner world for fun. I didn’t know that it would save our lives!
Hmm, he said with a small smile, Very interesting. Well, since the atomic bomb option is out, how about this become our game plan? When we get big again, sometime during the next fifty-eight minutes, we’ll teleport right behind Tamait’s throne. Ignore the other dragons, kill her as quickly as possible, and/or trigger the secret latch that opens the hatch to the river, which surely must be somewhere near her throne although I saw no water of any kind…yeah?
With a nod, Nemis answered, Yeah…sounds like a good plan to me. Do you just want to wait around until we get big again, or do it sooner? I can end the spell at whim…
Just then, they began to see six different planetary-sized blobs of color getting smaller and smaller—within twenty seconds of time those blobs had shrunk down to become the size of six enormous dragons.
Not surprisingly, Baltor had already maneuvered the carpet behind a mountain-size blob of subatomic particles, and waited…
Though all but one of the dragons began to search around, that dragon who remained in place roared out, “We know you’re around here…you can’t hide forever. Besides, Tiamat herself just ordered me to tell you that she now wishes to speak with the two of you, peacefully and amicably. Okay?”
Baltor looked back at Nemis to see what she thought—she just shrugged her shoulders.
“All right, we’ll have a friendly chat with Tiamat,” he answered without an ounce of fear, before he maneuvered the carpet until they were in full view of the dragons. Then he stopped it.
Nemis—who had heard the dragon speaking her “native elfish tongue,” as had Baltor been speaking the same language since they first met—said, “Dragons, just so you know, it’s not a good idea for us to be in each other’s spaces when we grow back to normal size.”
“We know,” that dragon answered, “We’re about to teleport.”
Once the dragons had departed, Nemis released the shrink spell. It was then that she, Baltor, and the carpet began to grow at a rapid pace—thirty seconds later, they were back to their normal size.
Without any further delay, the surrounding dragons began to unite, forming one very solid-looking tubular tunnel, separating Tiamat from Baltor and Nemis.
After Baltor had flown the carpet beyond the tunnel, Tiamat began, “I did not know who the two of you were when you entered my palace without invitation—now I do. Unlike most of my Arch-Devil comrades, I know exactly who and what you are, Baltor Elysian. And why the two of you have come…I’m just amazed you got as far as you did. Most impressive, especially for a vompareus.”
While Baltor looked shocked at hearing all of this information, Nemis looked just-as-confused, as she had never heard of a “vompareus.”
“Oh,” Tiamat continued, “if you think you’re shocked now…wait until you hear what else I have to say. Remember Dreeak?”
Baltor nodded his head—the vompareus dragon he had slain a little less than two centuries ago.
“Thanks in part to me, Baltor Elysian—you now have the body of a vompareus, the mind of a human, and the powers of a dragon! It was by my divine will alone that she be sacrificed to your cause.”
Baltor asked, “Why in the world would you sacrifice one of your loyal minions to help my campaign—dragon, highness, or Arch-Devil, or Tiamat, or whatever you liked to be called nowadays?”
“To answer your second question first, Baltor Elysian, any of the above is an acceptable title, including just my basic name that means “mother”—Tiamat! To answer your first question now requires a bit of explanation…so listen up and very carefully…
“I decided to help ‘your campaign’ because I but recently came to the conclusion that your master made a wise decision when he trapped your vompareus clan into their own Realm of Darkness a little over nine thousand years ago—the problem is that your master fell into a trap, the key taken, and now they are free!
“In the last thirty-one years since their release, they have already managed to conquer two entire worlds filled with souls, and they have just begun their attack on a third world…their powers multiply every day.
“But…the problem is…we haven’t received a single soul in payment, which makes them liars who must be stopped, as they will soon rule the universes, the heavens, the interplanetary dimensions, and even the hells. It is only a matter of months before their powers will surpass all of ours…even mine!”
After giving them a handful of seconds to consider her words, she added, “Even worse. Most of my comrades continue to allow themselves to remain blinded to the cold-hard facts like idiots, including the Chief of Devils, Azalea…despite all the evidence I presented at the latest appeal to ‘renege the deal, declare war, and unite our forces.’”
“Of course,” she stated, “this new plan also included releasing Trendon from his prison in the Ninth Plane, so that he could assist us in re-trapping the Vompareus back into the Realm, which is where they belong forever and with the key to the door destroyed. In not just my opinion alone, those who do not learn from the past are condemned to repeat it.”
She was about to add more, but Baltor interjected, “Excuse me…I hate to interrupt, but why is it that Beeal tried to psychically probe me, saying he didn’t know what type of immortal race I was?”
Tiamat laughed a few times, before answering, “He was the only Arch-Devil who didn’t bother to show up to that meeting and stubbornly refused to listen to me when I tried to tell him about it later. Before that meeting had been concluded, the majority who did show up denied my proposition and appeal, and so, here we are. So, if you promise to me on your word of honor that you will destroy the key after you’ve locked the Vompareus back into the Realm, the Rod of Ro’shain, I will let you pass…yes?”
“Hmm,” Baltor said. “I don’t know if I can make that promise, as that rod does not belong to me.”
Tiamat countered, “Your master will most certainly agree with my logical decision…especially since it will not only save his life and soul, yours, yet the rest of the universes, realms, heavens and hells! That rod is too powerful for one person to possess!”
Baltor was about to say something to the contrary.
Tiamat, however, continued to say, “As a final bonus, I will tell you the names of two other Arch-Devils who are in top-secret agreement with our cause, because they voted to go to war versus the vompareus…most likely, they allow you to safely pass to the next plane, as will I, if you agree.
“But, before you agree, which I already know you will, you will never reveal to anyone that it was I who revealed any of this information to you. Not only will I successfully lie about it, but then I’ll personally hunt you down, kill you, and throw your soul with all my other ones in the bottomless pit of doom…and trust me, if you thought the souls were suffering on the other 3 Planes of Hell, you haven’t seen anything yet! If you want to see, however, I will gladly show you.”
“Not necessary to see the souls, thanks. Deal, as for what the rest of what you said,” Baltor answered.
“Swear on it.”
Raising his right hand, Baltor promised, “I swear that I will destroy the Rod of Ro’shain once the Vompareus are either destroyed, or at least permanently trapped back in the Realm of Darkness.”
“Fine then,” Tiamat said with all five of her mouths smiling, revealing tens of thousands of jagged teeth. “The names of the two Arch-Devils are Mastema and Losifer.”
With that, the pedestal she was sitting on immediately began to slide to the side, revealing a dark hole underneath—the sounds of rushing water below could once again be heard—the River Styx.
“One final hint I should tell you about before you two go, regarding the next hell and its ruler—that is, if you want the hint.”
“Whatever information you’re willing to part with, Your Highness, we genuinely appreciate,” was Baltor’s polite response.
“Delial is his name—cold is his game. Baltor, you will be fine, but Nemis…you need to put that magic cloak of yours back on, or you will not survive a single second, as the temperatures get as warm as fifty degrees below zero, and as cold as two hundred degrees…
“The reason for the major shift in temperatures is that there is a day and also a night, thanks to the sun that continuously revolves around this ‘cold, cold, cold day in hell!’”
At this point, Nemis had already begun to strap her cloak on and don her hood.
Tiamat did not pause in her briefing, as she revealed, “But at night, there are no moons or stars…so everything is pitch-black. Just remember to follow the course of the sun as you travel at night, and before sunrise, find yourself a hiding place in some deep underground ice-cave, and you can’t miss Delial’s palace on the other side of the world!
“Now the reason you must hide during the day is because of Delial’s ice-demon legions of masterfully trained armed forces, posted just about everywhere on his realm. They will attack and torture you until your deader than dead, as will his tortured souls rat you out for a chance at freedom, so you must remain undetected from them the whole time.
“As for the ice-devil prince himself, Delial has one minor weakness…he hates fireballs or spells relating to heat! But if I were you, I would avoid fighting him altogether, and twist the little sapphire on the right side of his throne, which will open up the entrance to River Styx…and get you to the next plane.”
After a ten-second pause without interruption, she added, “Finally, I will make the two of you invisible to not only this Arch-Devil, yet every one following, except for Azalea. Unless you consciously choose to be discovered, of course, by saying that name…so there’s no confusion, you are visible to any of their minions. That is all.”
“Thank you so much, Tiamat,” Baltor said with a whole lot of appreciation.
All five heads nodded, before she replied, “You’re welcome. Now go!”
With that, he landed the carpet just next to the hole. After standing to his feet and stepping off the carpet onto the floor, he politely gestured for Nemis to get off—she did.
Only a moment later, he began to roll it up, in order to sling it over his shoulder and carry it that way.
Nemis suggested, “Once you finish rolling up the carpet, give one end of it to me and let me try to squeeze it into my magic pocket…honestly, I don’t know why I didn’t think of that before.”
By the time she had finished making her suggestion, he had already begun to extend one end of the rolled-up carpet—she opened her pocket as far as it would go.
A few seconds later, the last of the carpet fit in there, just before she sealed shut her pocket.
Baltor extended his right hand out for Nemis to take. Once she had, they walked to the hole, and jumped into the rushing river.
Just after having been flushed away, they both heard Tiamat conclude telepathically, “Farewell, and luck….”



CHAPTER IV


At the end of this twice-as-thrilling-as-the-last ride, which ride lasted for a grand total of two days and five-six minutes (if time were to exist). There had been a dozen-in-a-half occasions where Baltor and Nemis moved at speeds of nearly five hundred miles an hour, before the river spat them out of an invisible pipe at three-ninety-six mph. Not once had they let go of holding onto each other’s hand, including now as they flew through the night skies.
Unlike any of the previous waterfalls whose waters could not be stopped, the river here instantly blew and spread all about, thanks to the one hundred mile winds blowing in all directions. Every single drop of water turned to snow, hail, or even ice long before the time it hit the ice-covered mountainous terrain. Furthermore, the average person would have turned to solid ice in only a few seconds, as would have Nemis, but thankfully, she had heeded Tiamat’s advice about wearing her magical cloak in this hell.
For about thirty seconds, they continued to fly out of control through the air—still holding hands—until making impact with the ground, which turned out to be the side of an icy smooth mountain that rapidly descended at a one-hundred-seventy degree angle for about two thousand feet. Right away, they began to slide faster and faster down this new type of exhilarating ride.
Perhaps five seconds later, Baltor drew out one of his swords with his freehand and stabbed the blade deep into the ice—as he firmly held Nemis’ hand, they both stopped their descent and began to look around. 
The landscape consisted of one massive piece of ice, masterfully sculpted with steep and narrow mountains and valleys. Stationed strategically across the board—including a few who stood on the sides of the mountains unaffected by gravity or the winds—were demonic-guards who wore flowing white hooded robes, and maroon gloves and boots. Their pulled-over hoods concealed their faces—only their white-glowing eyes could be seen with clarity. Every guard carried a ten-foot-long crystalline halberd that glowed the same color as their eyes. Also spread all about this hell were the scores of poor souls, thrown about by either the demons, or the wind. Every soul pleaded and cried for mercy, but this was obviously not going to happen for any of them.
Most importantly, the one and only piece of good news to reveal about this place…neither guards nor souls happened to be near Baltor and Nemis’ position, at least for the moment.
All the while they had been scanning around, Baltor had not only been using his night-vision, yet also his binocular-vision, discovering three caves—to the left, the nearest cave was about ten miles away and the second was sixteen miles. To the right, there was one cave he saw, but that was twenty-six miles away.
What his eyesight could not tell, despite all his advantages, which caves were vacant and which were occupied—his brain did reason that if they came across a cave that was occupied, they would try to avoid it and make their way to the next cave as quickly as they could. After all, he had no clue as to how much time they had left until the sun rose.
Perhaps fifteen seconds after their arrival, Baltor was the first to say using telepathy, I found three caves—two the left and one to the right. So, in my opinion, going left sounds like the most logical choice, as we will have a greater chance of finding a cave void of inhabitants to stay at, from sunrise until sundown, in which I have no idea on how much longer it will be until the sun rises next…
So are we going to fly on the carpet to get there?
No.
Why not?
Because of the powerful winds blowing every direction, as well the fact that we have no way of securely strapping ourselves to the carpet, I think we should first slide to the bottom of the hill. Once there, cast an invisibility spell on us, climb aboard my back, and I will hoof it…maybe if the winds lighten up, which I doubt, we can try flying the carpet. Okay?
Okay, she said with a nod, just before removing the dagger from the ice, which action caused them to both to henceforth slide to the bottom—once there, she next began to cast the invisibility spell.
Once they were both invisible, shortly thereafter, she climbed on his back and held on tight, just before he trudged their way down the valley to the left.
Because of the pounding winds that never ceased or lessened, as well the slippery ice that was the ground’s surface, he could go no faster than five miles per hour—only five minutes later, the spell ended and they were once again visible.
It was then that Baltor began to use his master-thievery skills, slinking in the deep, dark shadows all the while avoiding the demon-guards and souls.
Two tedious hours later, thankfully without any encounters, they finally arrived at the first cave.
Only seconds before entering the cave’s mouth, however, his “warning senses” revealed that there were “four evil presences inside!” Without a word or even a thought spoken, he began to hoof it for the next cave.
Once they had begun to near this second cave an hour and fifteen minutes later—although there had nearly been an encounter with one of the roaming guards but ten minutes earlier—he had scouted out four more caves. Four, eight, twelve, and thirty miles away from this cave.
Because of the very dark skies had only now just begun to lighten, they realized that the sun would soon be arriving, and so Baltor desperately hoped that this cave was empty, or in the worst-case scenario, the very next cave. Upon entering the mouth of the cave—yet without his warning senses not going off this time—he breathed a small sigh of relief.
He said aloud, although quietly, “Thankfully, my warning senses have just revealed that this cave is empty, unlike the last, which is why we did not go in it. What I need you to do is to stay right here, but just in case my senses prove to be wrong, be ready to run out the entrance—what I’m going to do is to explore out this cave and make sure my senses are working properly. If the sun should begin to rise before I get back, it may be up to you to calculate the direction we need to travel tonight…okay?”
Okay…
It took him almost two minutes to explore this cave for traps or creatures, cautiously, as it turned out to be only one single tunnel with many sharp twists and turns that spanned for only a mile. At the end of the tunnel, and without any booby traps or creatures, Baltor happily confirmed that his senses were working properly.
By the time he had arrived back at the entrance to the cave, only thirty seconds later, he observed that the sun itself was now only a minute-or-so away from entering the still mostly-cloudy skies. He therefore reported to Nemis, This cave is empty and will make us a perfect hiding spot for today, especially after I’ve caused a semi-major cave-in that we can dig ourselves out of tonight.
Cool!
He began to chuckle at her “word pun”.
While squinting her left eye, she asked, What are you laughing at?
He was about to answer, but became interrupted upon peripherally seeing the top sliver of the sun poke itself above the icy-horizon. He thrust his index finger that very direction—she looked.
Precisely two seconds later, the blizzard-clouds that covered ninety-nine percent of the skies had already concealed the sun. It also did not look like those clouds would allow it to show again for the entire day.
He closed his eyes, and in his mind’s eye, he tabulated the sun’s movements within those two seconds, and gauged it on the landscape all around he remembered in vivid detail like a roadmap. A route was quickly drawn for them to go that night, which was down the first of two valleys to their left.
Once known, he turned around and said, Follow me, Nemis.
Okay.
As the two began to stroll their way to the cave’s dead end, Nemis asked, I read your thoughts while focused on calculating the sun’s movements, but you never answered my question—why were you laughing?
Baltor abruptly shifted to verbal speech, as he answered, “Oh, ha ha, just at your word choice of ‘Cool…’ Very-very-cool around here…don’t ya think?”
“Ya, it is…hee hee hee!”
Soon after, the two arrived at the dead-end—after Baltor turned around, he ordered, “I want you to wait right here and start getting us set up here for the day. As for me, I’m going back up a thousand-or-so feet and cause a cave-in—you’ll be safe here. Tonight we’ll just dig our way up, before we leave…okay?”
“Okay, Baltor. Perfect plan as always…”
“Thanks.”
He proceeded to make his way up to that point in the cave, and after unsheathing both swords, he began to stab them both—strategically—into the cave’s ceiling.
Ten-or-so seconds later, a massive cave-in occurred, and their only exit was now solidly blocked off with snow and ice. He proceeded back down the tunnel.
After sheathing back his swords, he walked through the pitch-darkness until arriving back at the dead end, observing that Nemis was sitting down on the still-rolled carpet. Her back and head leaned on the wall.
Once there, he stated nonchalantly, “Just so you know, I’m back…”
“I know—I can see you.”
“Oh yeah…I forgot.”
Nemis lightly giggled for a few seconds.
“Now what are you laughing at?”
Shrugging her shoulders, she sang, “No-thing…”
“Oh.”
“Oh?”
Baltor sighed, before answering, “Okay…well, anyways. I wish there was a way we could make this waiting period in the dark more comfortable for the both of us, like a wood fire, or a comfy couch, or a lush pillow, or something, but we have none of those luxuries…just that thin carpet.”
“Well, actually, there are two ways we can be a little more comfortable,” Nemis suggested, sounding a bit mischievous in her tones.
Baltor asked, “How so?”
“The first way is the crystal on my staff, which can produce a magical light we can see by. The second way is…”
When Nemis did not answer, nearly ten seconds later, Baltor asked, “The second way is?”
“Baltor, I don’t want you to think I’m being fresh or anything, but…”
“But?”
“Well, we can become each other’s warm pillow, by holding onto each other while we wait for sunset.”
A few seconds later, he took a deep breath through just his nose, before stating aloud, “Okay…to both ideas.”
“Really?” she asked with a bit of disbelief.
“Yeah, but I have a condition with the second idea,” he muttered.
“What?”
Perhaps five seconds later, he cleared his throat and answered, “We can’t get fresh with each other again, no matter what, and I know that you know what I mean. I really don’t mind the one time we did get fresh, because it was…what’s the word…umm, ‘not planned.’ But we’re in hell, and this is the last place I want to be having a romantic fling with anyone…even someone who I’ve come to trust and respect, and to really like.”
“Yes I do—I not only understand, yet agree,” Nemis said with an understanding smile on her face, which face became revealed because of her now-illuminated staff.
After clearing her throat, she leaned her staff on the wall in arm’s reach—he joined her on the carpet two seconds later. They began to snuggle their bodies up against each other…
Once both were “nice and comfy,” a half-minute later, she sighed aloud, “Not so bad…right?”
“Right,” he answered with a smile.
Returning the smile, she looked over and gently said, “I want to thank you…”
Looking back, Baltor asked, “For what?”
“For trusting me.”
“You’ve earned it…if you were going to try and stab me in the back, you could have done so many times since we first met….how long ago was it when that happened?”
While one part of his mind began to tabulate the exact figure based on the seconds since he met her, still another part pondered all their shared-adventures and close calls to death, so far.
Only three seconds after he had asked the question, Nemis answered, “I have no idea. But does it really matter?”
Baltor laughed, “No, I guess not.”
“Hey.”
“What?”
“I got an idea.”
“What?”
“Since the you and I have at least a few more months of nights spent together in isolated caves—perhaps even years with our current speed—until we reach this Arch-Devil’s palace on the other side of this world, why I don’t teach you the ways of magic?”
Without waiting for an answer, she added, “You obviously have some in your blood, or you wouldn’t be able to teleport around like you do—that’s magic in itself…and in return for me teaching you, you teach me your fighting skills, so I can be even more effective in combat as well. Okay?”
While stroking his braided goatee, Baltor answered, “Hmm…now that’s a splendid idea, Nemis! You want to begin right now?”
Shaking her head, she answered, “No…actually I don’t want to start tonight. I just want to relax…we’ve done so much running around, and hiding, and battling, that I just need to take a mini-vacation for tonight…and just relax.”
“Okay. Tomorrow night for sure, we begin.”
Clasping him just a bit tighter, she replied, “Deal, my friend.”
He chuckled a few times before confirming, “Deal…my friend.”
She could not help but release a deep sigh of contentment. A moment or two later, she said, “Right now, I want to know something personal about you. And in return, I’ll tell you something personal about me. Okay?”
“What do you want to know?”
“Tell me about your wife.”
After spending nearly a half-minute to formulate the right words, he answered, “She…she was the most wonderful person I’ve ever met! From the first second I saw her eyes, I was in love…her name’s Brishava.”
While pulling out a nutritional packet out from her pocket, she exclaimed, “Wow…that is so wonderful to hear, including her most-beautiful name. Tell me about Brishava…what did she look like?”
He released a little sigh, before answering, “Her physical beauty was unmatched by any other woman I’ve seen, though I must be honest when I say that you are right up there with her on the beauty-queen chain.”
Throwing him a little wink and smile, she replied, “Ahhh…why, thank you, good lord.”
“Brishava had raven hair, doe-brown eyes, totally-kissable lips, and a body that was picture-perfect!” Upon having finished saying that statement, he could not help but chuckle aloud a few times.
“And her personality?” she asked perhaps ten seconds later, just before she began to suck the packet down.
“Again unmatched. For ninety-nine percent of the time we were together—forty-six years, seven months, and five days—we were symbiotic and mutualistic toward each other, instinctively knowing the other person’s wants and needs and fulfilling them. Thankfully, there were only a handful of occasions we disagreed and-or argued. ‘Soulmates’ is what we called each other…sent to the other by God.”
Nemis could not help but release a deep sigh, before saying, “Wooow…that is so incredibly romantic!”
“Unfortunately, she couldn’t beat her family curse,” Baltor revealed, now with grief in voice and face. “Eight years before she died, a little less than a century and a half ago, she contracted the same illness that took her father and grandfather’s lives. As those final years passed, she rotted away, horribly…there was nothing anybody could do to save her, not even me…it was such a horrific loss to the entire empire—to me—when she died in the night!”
After releasing a deep sigh of his own, perhaps the greatest he had taken since before her death, he concluded, “Ever since, although tens of thousands of women have thrown themselves at me, and on many occasions literally, I have never even passionately kissed another woman’s lips; that is, until your lips came around.”
“Really? Wow! Now my lips feel oh so very special.”
“Hey, now. I’m just saying the truth.”
“Thank you for revealing that extra bit of personal info to me!”
“You’re welcome—one more thing I should say, Nemis.”
“Yes?”
“The night before she died, she told me that I could be with any other woman during the course of my life, but that I would—upon my death—once again belong solely to her. I hope this doesn’t become a problem later down the road…that is, once this is all over.”
Nemis sighed aloud, “No it’s not…not at all. Especially since you, as an immortal, will far outlive even me. Perhaps forever?”
“Perhaps…I may not die of old age, but as you’ve clearly seen, I can be burned. I can be stabbed. I can be hurt. And there are so many other ways to die.”
Nemis could not help but release a deep yawn. She asked, “Do you mind if I get some sleep? Though I don’t need it, it is good to let the conscious mind drift every now and then…you should get some shut eye too, but that’s up to you.”
“Sure…sounds like a great idea. But if we both go to sleep, how are we going to know when the sun is down?”
“I’m about to cast an ‘alarm spell’ on my staff, Hun, which will cause the crystal to light up when the alarm goes off…how long until the sun sets?”
“Eleven hours, fifteen minutes, and thirty seconds—mark.”
“Okay…I’ll set the alarm for eleven hours.”
“Sounds good.”
After causing the staff to appear in her hand, she began to chant. For the very first time, Baltor tried to focus upon and visualize her incantation inside his head, but the words remained “alien,” and he was unsuccessful.
Five seconds later, she stopped chanting, and said, “Okay…set.”
“Perfect…thanks.”
“You’re welcome. Good night, my friend,” she said as she extinguished out the light in her staff, which enshrouded them in “blackness.” She nuzzled her face deep into his shoulders—strangely, she realized just then that his new armor was not cold and hard against her delicate face, but warm, soft and comfortable like a nice, fluffy pillow. She did not complain.
“Good night, my friend,” he replied just as sleepily, only a few seconds after she had spoken.
With that, the two closed their eyes, allowing their conscious minds to drift away and fall asleep….eleven hours later, but what felt like eleven minutes later, he awoke to hearing Nemis saying, “Baltor, time to wake up.”
After cracking open his heavy and tired eyelids, he saw with dismay that her staff was ever-so-brilliantly lit up—she had already risen to her feet, stretching all her limbs out.
He rose to his own feet only a second later, but of course, there was no need for him to stretch. Instead, without a word spoken, he walked up to the location where he had caused the cave-in, just before beginning to dig—with his hands—through the packed ice, in order to make a tunnel just big enough to crawl through.
All the while, Nemis had not only begun to roll up the carpet yet place it in her pocket. Once done, a minute later, she made her way to Baltor’s crawling-on-all-four position in his mini-tunnel…upon arrival, she assisted by moving the large chunks of ice he gave her behind them.
Six minutes later, they arrived on the other side—as they came to discover, the winds were no less tumultuous than the night before.
Baltor was the first to state using telepathy, Looks like we’re going to keep hoofing it…climb aboard.
Okay.
Once she had climbed on his back, he made his way through to the exit of the cave at top speed, and exited—like the night before, due to the ripping winds and the slippery ground outside, the fastest speed they could go was five miles per hour.
Nearly a dozen times throughout this first night of traveling they had to hide, as enemy guards passed near their location, or souls flew out of control through the air…
Eleven hours and twenty minutes later—all of them grueling and bitterly cold—they arrived at the mouth of still another cave, a little over fifty-five miles from their starting point…out of the ten caves they had passed since the start of this journey, seven had been occupied, including the last three.
After entering this uninhabited cave that in turn revealed three different tunnels, he chose the tunnel on the far right. This straight-and-narrow tunnel, after sixty feet of descending at a thirty-degree angle, abruptly transformed into a Y-intersection—he chose right.
About nine hundred feet down, this now zigzagging tunnel came to its dead end. It was here that Baltor said, “This will be where we make camp for today.”
“Okay,” she replied before climbing down to her feet.
While she began the process of pulling out the carpet and unrolling it against the wall, he headed up to the entrance to this tunnel, and again carved out the ceiling until the cave-in occurred.
By the time he had arrived back at Nemis’ position, not even a minute later, she had already lit the light on her crystal staff and was sitting comfortably down on the carpet.
Baltor began, “Hey…”
Nemis replied with a smile, “Hey back…so.”
“So what?”
“Should I begin to teach you or would you prefer to teach me?”
“Whatever you prefer, my lady.”
Nemis said with a nod and a smile, “All right, good sir, I will begin to teach you magic, but first I need you to sit down next to me on the carpet and answer an important question.” After he sat down, she asked, “When you teleport from point A to point B, how exactly do you make that happen again?”
“Ah, that’s easy. I first visualize the place in my mind’s eye where I want to go. Once that picture is there in full, my mind forms the picture of a rune—after I physically draw it out into the air, the portal to the next place opens.”
“Good…magic works just like that too for me. However, think of the rune, which is either a single letter or number in some languages, instead as a complete sentence. Moreover, not only should you mentally visualize the entire phrase as you verbally chant it with your physical eyes open, yet you should also mentally visualize the intended effect—all at the same time. Understand?”
“Yes,” Baltor said with a nod.
“Perfect…okay, the next step is to learn the spells themselves…one by one. From the weakest to the strongest!”
“Okay.”
“I’ve got another question for you before I begin…”
“Yes?”
Her left eye scrunched just a tad, just before she asked her question, “Who taught you how to fluently speak my Moon Child language?”
Looking at her with disbelief upon hearing her question, he answered with his own question, “What are you talking about? We’ve been speaking my native language nearly the entire time since we first met, including now! Pavelian.”
“Well, guess what? We’re also speaking my native language also!”
“Really?”
Nemis could not help but chuckle for a few times, before she nodded her hand once and answered, “Really…”
“Well, hmm. That’s really interesting. I wonder if our written languages look the same.”
While raising her angular right eyebrow, Nemis answered seriously, “I don’t know…let’s find out. I’m going to pull out my spell-book—sit next to me and tell me if you can read any of it?”
“Okay.”
As he sat down next to her, she withdrew the book from her pocket, opened it up to the first page, held the book out in front of the both of them for him to read, and asked, “Can you read this?”
Baltor grabbed one corner of the book and looked at it—at first, the language was undecipherable, but within a quarter of a minute’s time…they were starting to become recognizable as letters.
Nemis asked, “Well?”
“Umm, it’s definitely not in the language of Pavelian.”
“So what took you so long to respond?”
“Because…my mind is beginning to decipher the written language as we speak.”
“Really?”
“Yeah…okay. Now I can read it.”
“What’s it say? By the way, if you can really, really read it, don’t worry about ‘the little warning’ I wrote at the top of the first page…I’m allowing you to read it.”
Baltor read aloud, “‘WARNING—This book has been magically protected from all uninvited visitors. Any who read beyond this sentence’s conclusion shall forever suffer from a magical curse for the remainder of his/her/their lives, which life’s length shall be no longer than a month’s time as you will die in a very horrible and painful way, so it’s best to stop reading right here and now…’”
He stopped reading at the conclusion of that sentence, jetting his eyes suspiciously back up to Nemis.
While nodding her head, she promised, “Keep reading…I give you permission not only to read my book now, yet whenever you ask me.”
He replied, “Okay… ‘This spell-book is the property of Magus Nemis Narrim’ Indya Harr’n.”
Upon reading that very last word, his mouth almost literally dropped to the floor, his face turned pale-white, his eyes looked away from the book and around the room, his hand that was holding the book released its grip, his back felt chills running up and down the spine, and his mind began to think. All at the same time.
Still holding securely onto the book the whole time while looking at him “real-real curiously” now, Nemis asked, “What—why did you stop reading…and why do you look that way?”
“Your—your last name,” Baltor’s mouth stuttered, as his eyes looked all around the room.
Nemis asked, “What of it?”
Baltor breathed aloud, “It’s Harr’n! The person I’m trying to rescue’s last name is Harrn, without the apostrophe…Trendon Harrn! Do you know him?”
Her lips and eyes slightly scrunched up in recollection…a few seconds later, she shook her head and answered, “No, I don’t. Never heard of him before…”
“What was your father’s first name?” Baltor asked.
“Aran’as.”
“Oh…maybe it’s all just a coincidence.”
“Yeah, I think so…never heard of Trendon Harrn before. I remember Tiamat saying that the person you came here to rescue is your master, but she did not say his name. Is this man actually your master?”
“Umm, yeah, he kind of is.”
“What do you mean, kind of?”
Baltor briefed, “He was the one who made me into an immortal in the first place—a type of immortality I cannot talk about because I swore not to. What I can say is that right after my transformation, I was left alone, so that I could master my world on my own. But, I was left with the promise that once I had fully mastered it, the master himself would come to me and teach me about all the other worlds and realms. Though I mastered my world by becoming the indisputable sultan over every square inch of land and sea, things didn’t work out for my master on his side of the fence…somehow he was captured and imprisoned here…so I’m here to rescue him.”
“Ohh,” she sang, “now I understand. Wow, you and I are so very much alike, after all!”
“Yeah, pretty much…”
“All right,” she said with an affirming nod, “let’s get back to work here.”
“Okay.”
After flipping to the second page, Nemis said, “Okay—what I’m going to need you to do is listen, as I telepathically read to you the sentence for this first spell called ‘charm person.’ After I’m done reading, I want you to repeat it back telepathically. If you don’t get it right, I’ll reread it to you, and you try again…until you do get it right five times in a row. Okay?”
“Okay.”
On the second attempt, Baltor said it correctly using telepathy.
After the fifth successful attempt, Nemis continued to teach aloud, “Okay. Know that this spell will work on just about any living humanoid race, except for dwarves and goblins. These two races have always had a natural immunity to any-and-all mind-altering spells, yet they also have a natural loathing/hatred to all magic—similar to how most women feel about snakes. I like snakes myself.”
“I don’t,” he replied.
“Anyway,” she taught, “whenever you cast this charm spell on someone, you must not only see the words to the spell in your mind’s eye while your physical mouth chants it out, yet you must also visualize in your mind’s eye that this person is indeed your best friend. Remember the golden rule of magic: seeing is believing.”
“Okay.”
“Perfect! Now, I’m going to teach you one more on the very next page. It’s called ‘light spell.’”
“Nice.”
In a nutshell, she proceeded to teach him that this light spell did operate through her staff, but that is because it was her desire that the light source emanated inside the crystal. If she focused the source anywhere else, this tiny-yet-prismatic light floated in the air wherever she willed it, lasting for two hours of time. Then she taught him the actual incantation.
Once he had successfully cast the light-spell, nearly a half-hour later, Nemis asked, “Now, I want you to teach me something…okay?”
Baltor smiled, and said, “Sure…what I’m going to need you to do is put away your book first.”
“Okay,” she said just before she did.
After rising to his feet, he said, “Before we begin with any martial arts training session, we must first stretch our bodies until they are loose and nimble. So the first thing I’m going to teach you are those proper stretching exercises, in which we will perform them after I explain…okay?”
“Okay.”
“Stand up, please?”
She did.
It took them ten minutes before they were both warmed up and ready. He said, “The next thing I’m going to teach you is the ninety-degree stance…also known as the basic ready position”
“Huh?”
“Look at my body position right now.” In the blink of an eye, his body had assumed the position, with his hands and arms hanging loosely by his sides and both feet in ninety-degree angles. He taught, “Within this ninety-degree stance, I can protect the other two hundred and seventy degrees of the entire three hundred and sixty degrees, by performing a wide variety of martial-arts techniques. Techniques that range from acrobatic rolls, to defensive blocks, to offensive strikes like kicks or punches…of course, this will all take time for me to teach it all to you, and tons of practice from your part before you can become a martial arts master like me, just so you know.”
After nodding her head once, she said, “No problem.”
“Let me demonstrate what I mean for the next minute.” He forthwith began to perform an amazing demonstration of all his martial arts skills—exactly one minute after he had begun, he stopped in all his movements, faced her, and instructed, “Always—always—always do my feet end up back in ninety-degree angles. Do you see and understand?”
“Yes,” she squealed in delight, while clapping her hands enthusiastically.
Remaining serious, Baltor continued to instruct, “Still another instant way of protecting the ninety degrees to your left or right is by simply pivoting the feet ninety more degrees to the right, or to the left…see what I mean going either direction?”
After spending a second-or-two spent to think about it, Nemis replied, “Yes.”
“Try it going to the left.”
“Okay. How’s that?”
“Actually…perfect.”
Nemis sang happily, “Thank you!”
“Shift your feet to the right now—perfect!”
“Thank you!”
“You’re welcome, Nemis. Now, I will teach you how to properly perform a forward somersault—after my demonstration is complete, I want you to try it…okay?”
“Okay.”
While explaining his movements, he—in slow motion—extended both arms in front of him. Upon his hands contacting the ground, he tightened his entire body up into a ball, tilted his head to the side, rolled over, and ended up back on his feet.
All the while, Nemis observed astutely his every moment—for the first time on her own, she noted that his feet were in the ninety-degree stance at the end, while his hands and arms hung loosely by his sides.
“Ready to try?”
“Okay, Baltor.”
Even though she tried her best, she was unsuccessful, as she could not remember all of the complex movements of the forward somersault. Thankfully, her magical robes automatically clung to her body like glue, which returned to the state of “loose and flowing” once the acrobatic movement was over.
Following her first attempt, Baltor suggested, “As you did that maneuver all wrong, let me explain and demonstrate it all over again. When you try it next, after me, I will once again verbally explain…and I want you to move real slow…okay?”
“Okay.”
Again, Baltor demonstrated the forward somersault in slow motion. When she attempted this maneuver for the second time, also in slow motion, he even physically assisted her. Finally, on the sixth attempt, she became one hundred percent successful with her feat.
“Perfect!”
Now smiling happily, Nemis replied, “Thank you. Sorry, though, it took me so long to figure this somersault out.”
Baltor shrugged his shoulders before saying, “I’m just glad you figured out how to do it. Now, you can even somersault to the left, to the right, and to the rear…like this.”
With that, he performed each move in turn—each and every time as always, his feet, hands and body were placed “perfectly!”
Following this demonstration, he suggested, “For you, let’s go to the rear somersault, and once you’ve mastered that, we’ll go the side somersaults. By the end of this training session, you will have satisfactorily rolled each direction for me.”
“Okay.”
For the next several hours, the training session continued…by the end, Nemis could perform the rolls, though not great.
Once over, Baltor sat down, and said, “Well, we still have seven hours left. Got any games in that magic pocket of yours?”
Smiling, Nemis said, “Actually I do! You ever heard of 4-D chess before?”
Shaking his head, he answered, “No.”
The second after he had finished the answer, Nemis reached inside her pocket in order to pull the rectangular box containing the game out. Once the game was out, and the three multi-leveled board set up and locked into place, she began to set all of the variously sized and shaped pieces onto the bottom level of the board.
Once set up, nearly a minute later, she asked, “Have you ever seen a game like this before?”
“Yeah, we call this game ‘voospan’ on my world,” Baltor said. “Should I begin or you?”
“Well, seeing as the black pieces are on your side and the white are on mine, I say you go first.”
“Okay…sounds fine with me.”
With that, he moved the knight on his right to the top floor—down two spaces and one to the right.
She hummed, “Hmm.”
Five seconds later, she moved her pawn two spaces, the one in front of the knight on the left.
Baltor sat back for a second, before he picked up his other knight and moved it to join his comrade on the top floor—two spaces up and one to the right.
Nodding her head, she said, “Okay…”
Shortly after, she brought the bishop on the right to the top floor, which put Baltor’s right knight in danger.
He picked that knight up off the board, moved it two spaces up and to the left, set it down, and smiled.
She smiled in turn, picked up her queen, and brought it to the top floor.
He next picked up the knight on his left, moving it up two spaces and to the right.
In turn, she picked up the rook on her left and brought that to the top row without moving it anywhere else.
He picked up that same knight, moved it two spaces up and to the left—it now threatened Nemis’ queen.
She saw the threat, and so she moved her queen up three spaces—that queen now threatened both of Baltor’s knights.
“Good move, Nemis,” he said with a smile.
She sweetly answered, “Thank you.”
Baltor moved the knight on his right up one and two spaces to the left—as expected, Nemis’ bishop consumed the other knight.
Though he knew his remaining knight was about to be destroyed by the queen, he used it to consume Nemis’ bishop—as predicted, her queen consumed his final knight. Alone she ruled the top floor of the board.
For the next twenty minutes, a fierce game was waged. In the end, Nemis won as her queen—of whom was protected by her remaining bishop—landed on the same coordinate as his king, but on the bottom level. Because he could not move his king anywhere else, he was checkmated…this is exactly how Baltor lost the game.
She confirmed, “Checkmate!”
He extended his hand out and said congratulatory, “Well…nice win! Congratulations.”
“Thank you,” she said with a chipper tone, while shaking his hand for a few seconds.
“You’re welcome…just so you know, I was one move away from checkmating…but in the end, you proved to be the victor.”
Nemis nodded her head, while bearing “a victorious smile!”
A few seconds later, he sucked in a deep sigh before he said, “Well, today’s been a very eventful day in its own way. I think we should try to get some rest for the next stretch in our journey—after all, we are going to have to keep fully alert for all the demons and the souls! Know what I mean?”
“Yes, sir!”
He laughed as he said, “You don’t have to call me sir.”
“But I wanted too…you are such a gracious gentleman, a scholar, a warrior and a leader…you’re even a gracious loser! As for me, I’m not such a gracious winner. Ha ha!  Just playing.”
With a wink of his eye, he replied, “That’s okay. You’ll get yours in the next game.”
She feigned a bored yawn, before saying, “Promises-promises…”
He chuckled a few times, but instead of challenging her to another game, he stated seriously, “Well, my friend…time’s come for us to both get some shuteye now…yeah?”
“Yeah…sweet dreams.”
“You too, Nemis.”
She sighed. “Thanks, Baltor!”
After putting the game away and snuffing out the light, they slept soundly throughout this day deep inside the cave.
That night, as well for the next two years of nights to follow, they traveled non-stop on the ground moving at the slow pace of five miles per hour, she riding piggyback, because the blizzard winds never-ever-ever ceased and proved to be far too powerful for the carpet. Fortunate for them, not once had they been discovered by guards, souls, and most especially, by this unique, colossal, scary, ice-crystal beast that stood on its hind legs at thirty-stories with fifty-foot long teeth and claws. Four such monsters had they seen overall, in which the ground trembled for miles with every step—Baltor and Nemis kept far, far away from them, which wasn’t that hard because of all the deafening, screeching noises they made.
And during the days when they hid deep, deep, deep inside caved-in empty caves, Baltor and Nemis exchanged tons of information, and not just about martial arts and magic. Yet also about philosophy, life, love, the universe, etc., etc. At least once a day, they played a challenging game or two of voo-span, all the while having fun—not that it mattered to either, yet Baltor did prove to be a fractionally better player, winning fifty-one percent of the time.
By the end of those years, he could cast fifteen spells, most of which were utilitarian and he had earned the rank of Adeptus, one rank below Magus 2nd Class—she promised that actual battle-experience would allow him the power to learn and cast spells that are even more powerful. The three basic combat spells he knew were fireball, lightning, and blizzard winds. In turn, she had mastered all the punches, kicks, rolls, cartwheels, etc—and nearly all of the advanced techniques, including wrestling and using counter-attacks.
Two years, one night, four hours and ten minutes after their journey had begun on this hell, they came across the first signs of civilization anywhere—a megalithic wall that stood at one mile tall and spanned two thousand square miles—made of block-shaped crystals stacked perfectly together…an unbelievably beautiful wall it was too. For inside each and every crystal, there were thick wavy strands of other types of precious elements, like silver, gold, platinum, crystals, and jewels…glowing of magic.
Tons of demon-guards stood unmoving at their posts on top and outside the city walls, wearing red robes and a glowing ruby amulet that hooked onto a platinum necklace—amongst them stood or flew a wide assortment of other very evil-looking, beastly monsters that freely roamed about, but thankfully, not a single ice-monster.
After stopping about a thousand yards away, Baltor said, Stay on my back…in a minute, I am going to be using the shadows to sneak us past all those guards and monsters—once we reach that wall, I will climb us up and over it. And once we’re inside, I will sneak us to the throne room itself as quick as possible, flip that trigger, and hop into the river, as Tiamat suggested. Your mission is to stay on my back the entire time and alert me by tapping me twice on my right shoulder if anyone becomes alerted to our presence…okay?
She answered, Okay.
It took them nearly two hours of time before they did arrive at the wall and undetected, about three miles from the central gateway—for Baltor used every ounce of his “master thieving skills,” slinking from shadow to shadow.
Upon arrival, he next proceeded to use all of his scaling skills in order to climb up the mile-tall wall of crystal, which wall possessed tons of ornamental hand and footholds.
It took nearly thirty minutes of time until they were at the top. Once there, he waited for about a minute until two of the guards had passed on by moving opposite directions: once so, he swiftly ran across the fifty-foot walkway—lying beyond this wall was a massive building that rose from the ground to a grand height of ten miles tall, made of amethyst crystal.
After arriving on the other side of the walkway, only two seconds later, he next observed a ten-foot wide passageway right below that was uninhabited at the moment—this passage existed between the wall and the amethyst building that possessed no doors or windows. He immediately dropped down to the ground.
To their left, about three miles down, was the gate and the interior courtyard, which possessed a ton of posted guards and beastly creatures; and to their right was a one-mile-long passage that led up to the corner, where an adjacent passage existed going left.
Baltor bolted for the right toward the corner…nearly two minutes later he arrived at his destination, poking just his head around that corner so he could see what or who lay beyond.
Besides the amethyst building that continued down for about a mile farther—where existed no windows but a single giant-sized door made of emerald—the crystal wall to his right continued for thirty miles. This wall passed not only another part of the courtyard filled with guards and creatures, yet the exterior walls of the main palace itself, which palace appeared to have been sculpted by one solid piece of diamond.
Still at the corner, he said, I’m about to cast an invisibility spell on us right now…stay on my back. Tap me once when we become visible again…twice if we get discovered despite the invisibility. Okay?
Nemis answered, Okay.
Upon hearing her answer, Baltor chanted aloud the spell…twenty seconds later they were both invisible.
Despite this advantage, he still ever so silently navigated from shadow to shadow beyond the throngs of guards, as well all the other beastly creatures.
Five minutes later, he felt the single tap on his shoulder, which meant they were visible, but fortunately for the both of them, there wasn’t anybody else around in this diamond hallway of the main palace. At least not yet.
In this hallway that spanned for fifteen miles, as they came to discover, there were a grand total of six doors on the right—each made of a different type of crystal.
Hanging from the ceiling in between each door was a different holographic tapestry, each containing the image of a crystal devil in each and every one of them bearing a different pose…its eyes were made of sapphires, lips were made of rubies, ears were very pointy, and had a long, two-pronged tail. In this devil’s right hand, it wielded a wicked-looking crystal whip—its left held a glowing spear.
The second Baltor had stopped in his tracks, which was a nanosecond after Nemis had tapped him, he said, Quickly now, hop down to your feet, cast invisibility on both of us, and hop back on…hopefully we’ll be inside the throne room long before your spell wears off. Hopefully, is the key word.
Okay.
Thirty-five seconds later, she had completed all of her tasks—with Nemis once again on his back, he bolted down the hallway.
Four-in-a-half minutes later, they had just snuck in between a pair of guards at the entryway leading into the main throne room itself—the floors, walls and ceiling made of smoothed crystals. Other than the guards posted throughout this room, there was but one piece of furniture sitting at the far end—a massive throne made from one solid piece of diamond that had tons of glowing jewels imbedded into both armrests.
Though this throne was large enough to seat a hundred-foot-tall person, it was void of occupants—in fact, the Arch-Devil was nowhere at all to be seen anywhere around his throne room…
Baltor hadn’t hesitated a second, but continued to jet his way straight for the throne, nearly two miles away—this feat to reach the throne took one minute’s time. Unfortunately, only five seconds earlier, the two had become re-visible.
Though he felt a single tap on his shoulder, he did not hesitate, but located the single emerald on the left armrest of the throne—comprised of tons of diamonds and other jewels. Without hesitation, he twisted the emerald.
Instantly, a grating noise began to occur, as the throne ever so slowly began to tilt back…before it had a chance to open a quarter of the way, a howling voice shrieked from behind, “What in the hell are the two of you doing in my throne room? Answer me now!”
As soon as he heard the voice, Baltor looked back, observing the exact same devil he had seen in the tapestries, but a hundred-foot tall version—also like the tapestry, it wielded whip and spear.
At the same time, his peripheral vision had observed that the grate had only opened a little less than one third of the way, but it would need to open a grand total of halfway for Nemis to fit into, which meant that he needed to buy them some time.
Without any further delay, Baltor robustly answered, “Arch-Devil Delial…how spectacular it is to see you, sire! I sincerely apologize for the inconvenience, but we—your other minion and myself—have been ordered by the Supreme Arch-Devil to check your sewage grate for possible intruders. I know how awkward this must all look to you, Your Unholiness, or whatever you liked to be called, but I can assure you that this is an executive order that must be accomplished right here and now. Now, before you say a word, which I can see you’re about to do, let me conclude my briefing by saying that all of this will be confirmed by the Sup—”
Just then, his peripherals had observed that the grate had opened just enough for Nemis, so he telepathically said one word, Go…
Right away Nemis dived headfirst into the river rapids.
While snapping his whip back, Delial said, “You will pay for your treach—”
Baltor did not hear the rest of Delial’s words, nor did he feel the sting of the whip’s tail that literally missed him by a micrometer, as the turbulent waterslide had just sucked him up and away.
Unlike any of the previous waterslides, most unfortunately, he not only didn’t have Nemis with him, yet he could not locate her anywhere he looked, nor how much he swam…she was gone-gone-gone.



CHAPTER V


Two hundred and six hours and fifty-nine minutes—or nearly ten days—of unbelievably lonely time passed for Baltor, despite the fact that this waterslide was the most speedy, twisty, turbulent and exciting of all the previous waterslides. Not once had he seen his comrade.
Until finally, he was shot out like a cannonball into the middle of a cascading waterfall, which caused him to fall ten thousand feet more before being dunked deep into a very turbulent river.
As soon as his head rose above the level of the frothy and wavy waters, he observed that the river rapids only appeared to get worse and worse downstream. He had also seen that the rest of the terrain consisted of a very-very lush jungle, where everything—including the trees, the leaves, the bushes, and even the blades of grass—were ten times the normal size! Can’t forget to mention all the giant-sized wildlife, ranging from bugs to birds—all with yellow glowing eyes. He literally felt like he was the size an ant.
While still wading in place in the middle of the river, perhaps a thousand feet from the waterfall, Baltor looked everywhere but could not locate Nemis anywhere—in the river, on land, or in the air—she was still lost.
After he had glanced back upstream and downstream for like the dozenth time, he used telepathy as he asked, Nemis…can you hear me? It’s Baltor!
No answer…not even after a minute had passed.
He asked again, Nemis—hello? It’s Baltor…can you hear me?
Nearly another minute passed, yet still no answer. It was during this minute that he began to consider the possibilities.
One, she might have transformed into a shark, but then if she had, why didn’t she answer his questions using telepathy?
Two, she had gotten carried downstream passed the point where they could telepathically communicate.
Or, three, she might have drowned in the river in hell.
As the possibilities began to get worse and worse in Baltor’s mind, especially because he still could not locate her whereabouts, he decided to allow the river to carry him downstream. All the while, he feverishly looked on both sides of the river for Nemis…but nowhere was she to be found—dead or alive.
After an hour’s time had passed, as well approximately two dozen miles downstream, he began to give up hope. At the same time, his keen ears detected the sounds of a carnivorous-sounding animal who had just begun to growl to his right.
Looking over right away, he discovered a four-hundred-foot tall lizard who was staring at him hungrily from on land about two hundred feet away. This monster stood erect on two legs, had an abnormally large tail that dragged on the ground, two smaller arms with clawed fingers, a huge head with a mouth filled with jagged-sharp teeth, and yellow, glowing eyes.
It howled out a high-pitched roar, just before leaping straight through the air for its prey.
Not waiting for the lizard to arrive at his destination, Baltor dived under the surface of the water, and swam through the bottom of the river like a zooming torpedo.
Only by inches did his body evade two of the monster’s claws reaching out to grab him—nor did the monster give up, as it continuously chased after him through the river, though it was nowhere near as fast as Baltor.
After having swum about ten more miles, he stopped in his tracks, darted his head to look back the way he had come, and discovered that the creature was nowhere near sight…nor could he hear it splashing through the water.
While mainly looking that direction, yet also looking everywhere else for Nemis, he telepathically said, Nemis…this is my last attempt at trying to contact you…can you hear me?
A split second later, he heard her ever so faintly in his head say, Baltor…can you hear me? Baltor? Can you hear me?
Yes, Nemis…I can! Where are you?
I am with the Arch-Devil right now…Mastema. He is about to teleport you to our position, so don’t resist his spell…okay?
Okay.
A few seconds later, he began to feel his body tingle…at first, it was oh-so-slight, and feeling pleasant, but then it grew in intensity by the second. Tiny, blue lightning bolts sizzled their way up and down his body, feeling just like a mild electrocution.
Perhaps ten seconds later, Baltor teleported in a flash, and now he stood in the middle of a swampy-looking underground cavern that spanned for three thousand square miles, containing a swampy-looking throne in the very middle. Sitting on that throne was a five-hundred-foot-tall lizard creature wearing a crown filled with human heads, of which heads all were still alive and moaning.
Surrounding the throne were billions of lizard soldiers, lizard clerics, and lizard mages—all assembled in a chaotic formation. This cave alone was probably the size of an entire, small continent.
As Baltor took a closer glance at Mastema’s head and face, he noticed that it looked identical to the other lizard that tried to attack him. However, the rest of this Arch-Devil’s body was human, except for the fact that its skin color was lime green—the loincloth it wore was made of swampy vegetation.
Both telepathically and physically, Mastema began, “Soo…let’s hear it from you, Sultan Baltor Elysian the XVth.” Not surprising, every word he said with the letter “s” took him an extra two or three seconds to say.
“Hear what?”
“Your story…I’ve already heard Nemis’ account.”
“I see…” Baltor replied. After bowing his head for a moment, he stated, “In a nutshell, the reason why I’m here is to stop the Vompareus. And, the only way to do that is to rescue Trendon Harrn, whom you know is still trapped on the Ninth Plane. The other reason I’m here is to help rescue Nemis’ mother from the Seventh Plane, which is why Nemis is here…
“So, there’s the story in a nutshell. I really don’t see any point in elaborating all the tiny little details that got us up to this point, unless you do…but trust me, it’ll take a long time, especially if I were to relay the crazy waterslides in between the hells.”
“No…what you’ve said is fine…that is also what she explained to me. Yes, I will let you pass…”
“Thank you, Arch-Devil…”
“Would you like some tips to help you with Phistopheles, and the next plane? ”
“Whatever your lordship is willing to impart.”
Right away, Baltor saw a clear three-dimensional picture of this masculine Arch-Devil in his mind’s eye. Phistopheles was a kingly-and-powerful looking warrior who donned a set of black plate-mail armor, along with a matching plated helmet that even had a large pair of black bullhorns protruding out the front. He possessed black hair that reached halfway down his back, a thick-and-curly beard with just-as-thick eyebrows, and black eyes without any of the surrounding white sclera. Finally yet just as importantly, he brandished a black, two-handed sword with a swerved blade, which weapon looked just as wicked as he.
Only a moment later, Mastema began to brief, “As you can see, Arch-Devil Phistopheles is quite the powerful warrior. Yet what you cannot tell from looking at this picture is that he’s never before been beaten in combat, and is equally powerful as a magic-user.
“His entire Hell comprises of a single square-shaped-disc city that is the size of both of your planets put together—underneath it are countless souls who have to hold it up with their hands forever. So know that whenever you feel an earthquake, the souls underneath that part of the city have collapsed to their knees, agonizingly. ”
Perhaps ten seconds later, Mastema added, “Nearly always does the Arch-Devil and a vast host of his anti-angels stay in the throne room of his palace, guarding the portal to the next plane. Unlike me, he will certainly not let you through, so unless you are successfully able to sneak by them, you will have to fight them all, and they are very, very, very tough.
“Phistopheles has but one weakness, and that is by removing the heart in his chest, his body will temporarily be destroyed into ashes for one minute…this is when you must trigger the trapdoor leading to the next Plane of Hell. That is all I have to say… So are you ready? ”
“Yes, thank you…”
With that, Mastema flipped a switch on its throne, and only a second later, a camouflaged-by-swamp-grass lid popped open about two feet away in front of his throne, which simultaneously revealed the river rapids below.
“Farewell, Arch-Devil Mastema.”
“Farewell, Sultan Baltor Elysian. ”
Only a second later, Baltor immediately grabbed Nemis’ hand.
When she looked over with surprise, he calmly explained, “There is no romantic reason why I’m holding your hand right now, but a practical one: I don’t need to lose you between this hell and the next, like I did from the last to this one. Understand?”
“Yes, Sultan.”
“Good. Ready to go?”
“Yes, let’s go…”
Hand in hand, they jumped into the river just before being carried away.



CHAPTER VI


Three days and two hours passed as they—hand in hand—sailed down the waterslide that mainly went straight down, in which there were nearly a dozen times that they moved at speeds of greater than a thousand miles per hour. For the most part, they had both remained silent, especially for the fact that verbal communication was impossible due to moving faster than the speed of sound.
Nemis had begun this conversation by asking, Baltor…what do you think about the idea of me using my time-freeze scroll as soon as we arrive in the throne room? It may stop the angels, and possibly this next Arch? Remember though it may not work at all, as we both know that time simply doesn’t exist in many hells.
He responded, Excellent idea! Can’t hurt to try.
She replied, Thanks…I agree too. How much longer do you think this ride will last?
He was about to answer, but just then, most unexpectedly, the river split into two different directions—down-right and down-left. They had no choice which direction to choose as the water had already pushed them to the left; and only minutes later, this new waterslide transformed into a waterfall that proved to be “bottomless!”
I don’t know, became Baltor’s response. Patience is a virtue.
True, true.
And bottomless this steady-and-solid waterfall remained for the next two weeks: until finally, they splashed into a twenty-foot deep pool of water and crashed into the fortified concrete below it.
Unaffected by the fall, it was only then that they stopped holding each other’s hands, so that they could swim up to the surface. They did.
After swimming outside of the foamy spray from the waterfall, they both began to look around as they floated in the middle of the fifty-foot wide river, which river flowed in two different directions at the very same time.
One way was toward the heart of the city that was forty thousand miles in diameter, filled with skyscrapers on both sides that were all made of a reflective black glass…a few of them reached five miles tall. Of course, there were thousands of metallic bridges linking the two halves of the city. Furthermore, there was an equally powerful waterfall on the far, far, far side.
The other way this river flowed was toward the very borders of the city, which was only about ten thousand feet away from their current location as the water continuously poured off the edge. Beyond the city was blackness.
In fact, that same blackness consumed the skies, except for the one dull, red sun that hovered over the center of the city. In other words, “a very dark and shadowy environment” was presented overall, especially the further you were away from the center.
In the smack center of the city, there stood a white-bricked castle that stood at ten miles tall and fifty miles away.
Chaotically spread everywhere and flying all about on feathery wings were hosts of anti-angels—they looked exactly like angels, both male and female, but all possessed angry-looking faces, and all wore black robes and halos. Unlike any of the previous cities of Hell they had explored, however, there were no strange monsters or black-robed figures walking about—no one but the anti-angels.
Unfortunately, neither Baltor nor Nemis had enough time to take a closer look at anything, to try and hide on land, or to do anything at all; for only two seconds after their heads peaked above the waters, two angels that had been flying about two thousand feet away instantly spotted them.
Already were those angels flying toward their location at their top speed of forty miles per hour, while simultaneously calling out, “Hosts—hear our voice and gather here—get the intruders! Kill them.”
Using telepathy, Baltor said as fast he could, We’ve got twenty seconds until those first two angels arrive, so listen up. I’m going to teleport us directly to the Arch, wherever he is…hopefully in the throne room. Once we’re there, protect my back while I fight him and rip his heart out…cool?
Cool… she telepathically said, although she physically gulped down all her fears.
By the time he had finished speaking, he had already visualized the image of Phistopheles and received his rune—he straightaway began to draw it out into the air, with his left-index finger.
Only five seconds before those two angels arrived with glowing-black swords cocked back in order to swing and kill, a portal opened up halfway in the middle of the river.
Nemis immediately swam through the portal with Baltor following right behind—once on the other side, he instantly willed shut the portal still flooding out water. There was no turning back now.
Now, they were inside an even-larger-than-the-last throne room, which had a disgusting-looking throne sitting in the middle about two miles away, made entirely of bloodied-up human body parts that were moving all around, including heads—sitting in the throne was a six-hundred-foot-tall version of the holographic image he had seen—Phistopheles.
In a voice that sounded just like ear-popping thunder, Phistopheles called out, “Kill them.”
Baltor’s swords were already in hand, swords forced to deflect dozens of angelic swords flying from all directions—the angels did not just swing his or her swords, yet had also begun throwing them like spears.
All around his body could be seen small bolts of lightning, which weren’t actually lightning bolts, but a result of his swords contacting and deflecting all the other metallic swords. All the while, he—step by step—made his way toward the throne.
At the same time, Nemis continued utilizing her martial-arts skills—rolls, kicks, punches, blocks, etc.—frequently she used her staff like a weapon in deflecting those swords flying her way.
On the thirty-first second of combat, all the while still fighting the angels, Nemis asked frantically, Baltor…watch my back so I can read that scroll…okay?
While fighting his most-fiercest battle in his entire life, Baltor answered, Gotcha…I’ll protect you!
With that, she stopped in her tracks, knelt to the ground, and furiously began to dig in her magic pocket for her scroll. Meanwhile, he stood right over her, and continued to protect them both from the swarms of angels that were all trying to obliterate the two of them into oblivion.
Upon locating the scroll, nearly ten action-packed seconds later, she pulled it out, unrolled it, and began reading it aloud.
Forty equally-action-packed seconds later, she completed it, and the scroll dissipated into a cloud of ashes.
Every angel had just frozen in his or her tracks, whether on the ground or in the air, as did their swords freeze—only she and Baltor could move.
Oh, and one other individual still moved about—Phistopheles. He was already on his feet with his hundred-foot longsword drawn, just before roaring aloud, “You sneaky little asses—what the hell have you done to my forces?”
Baltor answered nonchalantly, “What needed to be done, Your Arch-Devil.”
“What in the hell are you talking about?”
“In a nutshell, Arch-Devil Phistopheles,” Baltor answered, using the same tones. “We got two choices here, as I see it. One, I can rip out your heart, kill you, and open the portal, so that me and my friend can get to the next plane of hell, which is all we really want to do. Or…two, you can peacefully allow us to pass.”
Phistopheles snarled aloud, “What business do you have in any plane of hell without permission?”
“My business is to rescue two friends of ours on a higher plane of hell than yours…you already know why, at least in my case.”
“Once a living person with a soul has died, and comes here, that soul belongs to us forever…there’s no way of changing around that ‘golden rule!’”
“Ah,” Baltor sighed, “That’s exactly the problem, your Lordship—the two friends I’m talking about never died…instead, they were magically teleported here as prisoners.”
Not sounding angry anymore, but instead uncaring, Phistopheles stated, “I see…and why should I give a damn about your two friends, or even the two of you for that matter?”
“Because…if you don’t let us go, your angels will permanently be statues…”
“What? You don’t have that power!”
“You think I’m bluffing? Screw this, sir…let’s go! You’re going to die…even if for only a minute! Trust me that I will make it the most painful minute you’ve ever experienced in your life…”
With that, Baltor began to zoom toward Phistopheles at the speed of shadow—between all the frozen angels. He estimated it would take him two minutes to reach the Arch-Devil, which meant that the angels would then be unfrozen.
Even though Phistopheles continued to remain unafraid, for the first time in his entire existence did he feel “a deep and cold human chill” crawl up and down his spine. The remote possibility entered his supra-intelligent head that this more-than-human creature might not be bluffing.
Ten seconds later, he lowered his sword before calling out, “Whoa—whoa—whoa. Hold on now…let us be reasonable together.”
Baltor stopped in his tracks and listened, but he did not sheath his swords, nor did he look happy at all. He looked furiously determined.
Phistopheles continued, “If you release my angels, I will no longer have them attack—”
At that moment in time, because it was sixty seconds after the spell had first started, it ended—the angels were no longer frozen in place.
Seeing that his angels now moving around, Phistopheles said, “Thank you… Hosts, return to your posts!”
While the angels returned to their posts, Baltor switched to telepathy as he answered in respectful tones, Your Lordship, you are most welcome.
Phistopheles said, Ah, the notorious Sultan Baltor Elysian…I’ve heard about you, although I’ve never seen your face, which is why I did not recognize you and ordered my angels to attack…my apology.
After nodding his head one time, Baltor said, No apologies needed, sir. Well, we must be off as we are on a time crunch. Will you now please open the gate to the next plane of hell?
Yes…I will open it now. Once you leave, ensure that you do not come back ever again, unless it is to stay here forever.
Without any further delay, Phistopheles flipped a little switch on his throne—it began to slide to the side. Underneath where the throne had originally been, there existed another hole, in which they heard underneath the sounds of rushing water. Baltor and Nemis were already walking toward the hole, hand in hand.
En route, Phistopheles said telepathically, Good luck with your quest, although I doubt you’ll be successful. What you’re doing is a “fool’s quest” going against impossible odds.
Having switched back to verbal, Baltor replied, “We’ve been quite successful so far.”
Now bearing a small devilish smile, Phistopheles answered, “That is true…good point.”
Returning a wicked-looking smile, Baltor added, “And trust me that we have many more powerful cards up our sleeves we haven’t even begun to use…although the card we used today on your angels was the most powerful one we had in our arsenal!”
Phistopheles laughed, “Touché!”
Now sounding confused, Baltor asked, “What does that mean?”
“It’s a French word from the planet Earth, used in verbal and/or fencing contests, which basically means, good strike or good one…”
“Thanks for that little lesson, Your Lordship.”
By this time, he and Nemis had arrived at the hole—Baltor looked back and could now see deep into Phistopheles’ pitch-black eyes on his black-bearded face, and vice-versa.
He could have jumped into the hole, but chose not to. Instead, he continued to look Phistopheles right in the eyes, as he said, “Well, Your Lordship, the time has come for us to say our farewells.”
Phistopheles nodded his head before replying, “I suppose it has, Baltor. One final thing…if you ever want a job working for me as the head of my security, let me know—I like your fearless style.”
“Thank you for that proposal and that compliment, Your Lordship. I will take it all under consideration once I have fulfilled my mission. Good day to you!”
“And an evil day to you,” Phistopheles concluded, just before Baltor and Nemis jumped into the hole and they were flushed away down the waterslide.
This waterslide lasted for nearly a month’s worth of time, in which there were dozens of periods where they moved at speeds greater than ten thousand miles per hour.



CHAPTER VII


Once that scarier-than-hell timeframe had ended, they were both blasted into the next level of hell—this time, the watery river dumped right off into a huger-than-huge lake of steaming lava about a thousand feet below the tunnel’s mouth. Of course, this was all possible due to the temperatures that remained two thousand degrees plus, the water evaporated long before it could reach the lava-lake that spanned for tens of thousands of square miles…
It was most fortunate that Baltor had managed to brace his two feet and free hand onto the tailpipe’s exit, or there might have been some major problems for the two upon landing in the lava—if not death. Just as fortunate, Nemis wore her black cape that protected her body.
While holding onto her hand as she dangled below, Baltor telepathically said, Pull out the carpet, so we can fly on that.
Okay…
Because she had but one free hand, it took nearly five minutes of time before she was successful with this difficult feat.
After she had climbed in front of the now floating carpet, he climbed in back—without any further delay, by her willpower, the carpet flew out the tunnel’s mouth.
Already had they observed and noted that hell completely existed in an underground environment, comprised mostly of rivers and lakes filled with flowing lava—intermittently spread here and there were small-to-medium-sized landing strips of steaming magma that chaotically jutted above the level of the flowing streams. Can’t forget to mention the countless amounts of souls swimming in that lava. They howled and screamed away at the top of their lungs, over and over again! For the moment, there were no demon-guards or monsters posted anywhere they looked.
Through the gut-wrenching noise, including the sounds of fire crackling and boiling steam, Baltor heard Nemis’ voice excitedly say in his head, If you’ll recall when we first met and I told you my story—this is the very hell my mother was cast into! She’s got to be here somewhere.
He answered back, I remember.
She added, Also, for your information, unless things have changed, this is the same hell where Arch-Devil Refisol exists…
Baltor’s mind reversed the letters, getting “Losifer.” Only a second later, he asked, Oh yeah? Good to know.
So we should just call out his name…per Tiamat’s instructions, yes?
Umm, ya. But before we do, I have a question.
Yes?
Do you feel confident that the Arch will release your mother to us?
After sucking in a deep breath and releasing it, a worried expression crossed her face. She said, I hope so.
While nodding his head, Baltor replied, Sometimes hope is all we got…
You’re right…
He delivered a heartfelt smile before he asked aloud, “Well…should you or should I?”
“I will handle this one.”
“Okay.”
Nemis yelled out, “Arch-Devil Losifer! My friend and I come in peace…we need to speak with you about an extremely important matter! We know about the Vompareus, and their threat to all our universes, realms, heavens, and hells. It is only a matter of time before they are successful with their quest, and then they shall take over everything.”
After a short pause without interruption of any kind, including from the arrival of the Arch-Devil, she continued, “My friend and I need to pass through until we reach the final plane of hell. It is there that we shall rescue his friend and mentor, Trendon Harrn, so that he and Sultan Baltor Elysian can re-trap the Vompareus back into the Realm of Darkness. Please, Losifer, come to us, so we can share a little talk…I have something else I’d like to ask you about.”
Most unexpectedly, an atomic bomb exploded about two thousand feet from their position—still facing the explosion Baltor rose to his feet on the carpet, and drew his swords.
Once that explosion had dissipated, which blast radius hadn’t hurt either Baltor nor Nemis, there stood a seventy-five-foot tall humanoid of a masculine angel with feathery wings that glowed black—on his head was a most-beautiful crown made of platinum and titanium, which crown contained a vast array of imbedded jewels. Inscribed on the front of the crown was the title and name: “Lord of Lords—Losifer”
Instantly, all the souls began to bow before this Arch-Devil, sinking their heads below the lava lake…meanwhile, Losifer hissed like a menacing snake, Yes…?
Nemis answered, “Lord of Lords, in a nutshell, my name is Nemis Harr’n. My mother’s name is Gylva’stes Harr’n. The last I knew, she was on your Plane. I was wondering if I could get her back?”
Losifer replied telepathically, I know…she’s still here, residing in my palace. I will assist the two of you to the next plane, as I am symbiotic to your cause—Tiamat and I had nice lunch yesterday, and she said you two would soon be arriving. But, what do you have to offer in exchange for your mother’s life and soul—she is very much of value to me, as very-very-very rare is the occasion to acquire such a good soul?
Now sounding worried, Nemis asked, “What do you want?”
Hmm…I don’t know. How about after the two of you are all done with your escapade, you give me one thousand years of voluntarily service, Nemis? At the end of a millennium, you get your life and your years back…your mother will be freed the second you agree to my deal.
“Why do you want me?”
While sniffing the air, Losifer answered, Why not? I like the way you smell…very delicious…so do we have a deal?
Switching to telepathy, Nemis answered, First of all, no kinky stuff…sorry but not going to happen. Second of all, I need to see my mother before you release her, which leads to my third condition, I will be teleporting with her back to her home—once I’m confident that she’s safe and comfy inside, I want to come right back here so that I can continue to help Baltor with his quest…deal?
Even though Baltor had wanted to object to the amount of years she would have to spend here—an entire millennium—the truth of the matter was that he could not. Not that he couldn’t-couldn’t, but felt that he shouldn’t-couldn’t get involved with this deal. After all, in the end, she would be getting all her years back. However, she had to know that she would not be able to see her mother again in life, as elves only lived a millennium-and-a-half at best.
“Deal,” Losifer answered right away, while flying over next to the carpet, and extending his right hand out for Nemis to shake.
As Nemis shook, she replied, “Deal.”
Once the shaking of hands had stopped, Losifer did not release his grip, but instead snapped his fingers using his other hand—a mirror-like portal opened up on the other side of the carpet.
A few seconds later, Nemis recognized the all-too-familiar elf woman stepping through that portal and onto the carpet—this had to be her mother. She even wore the same white robes as before.
After a look of utter shock had crossed the mother’s youthful face upon seeing her daughter, for only a second, she forthwith threw her arms out before her, ran over, and cried out with joy, “Baby!”
“Mom,” Nemis squealed before she released her grip on Losifer’s hand and accepted her mother’s hug—after all, it had been four hundred and seventy-five years since the two had last seen each other.
The two began to warmly hug and hold each other only seconds later. Nearly twenty seconds passed before Gylva’stes pulled away from the hug and asked, “Honey…how on earth did you rescue me?”
“Long story there, Mom. By the way…love,” Nemis said.
“Struck,” her mother responded, answering the authentication without hesitation.
“Yup—it’s really you, Mom!”
“Yes it is really me—baby…so when can we go home?” Gylva’stes asked, just before she pulled away from the hug.
“Soon, Mom. Just waiting on this here Arch-Devil to open us a portal back home…but Mom, there are a few important things you need to know right now.”
“What, Baby?”
“See my good friend there? His name is Baltor. He and I made a deal with each other to help both you and his friend out…he and I still need to help his friend out—that is, after I’ve dropped you off at home.”
“Okay,” Gylva’stes answered most appreciatively, “that’s so good to know…nice to meet you Baltor! Thank you so very much for all your help.”
After clearing his throat, Baltor said with a respectful nod, “Nice to meet you too, my Lady, and no problem.”
The two shared a quick hug.
“Mom,” Nemis said, “One more thing you need to know now…”
“Yes?”
Nemis answered, “After his friend is rescued, Arch-Devil Losifer and I have also made our own little arrangement, in exchange for your freedom—I’ve promised him one thousand years of servitude.”
Looking and sounding shocked, Gylva’stes asked, “One thousand years…? Please honey, don’t give up your life for me. Losifer has actually treated me quite well since my arrival.”
“Mom, I will get every last year back in the end…once it’s all over, you and I will most likely not see each other in life, but that’s okay. One thousand years is far better for me to sacrifice, as opposed to an eternity of you dwelling here. Nothing personal, Arch-Devil.”
“None taken,” replied Losifer.
“Tha—thank you, so much, Nemee,” her mother said in the next moment, while crying with tears of joy at what her daughter had sacrificed for her.
“It’s okay, Mom…well, Arch-Devil, sir, ready to open the portal to my home-world?”
Yes.
With that, Losifer snapped his fingers—a see-through portal opened up. The terrain on the other side consisted of rolling prairies, interspaced with clusters of giant trees that possessed beautiful maple leaves bearing both green and red colors. Built onto the top of one of those thick clusters was a beautiful elfish-looking house, made entirely of wood—it looked as if the trees had voluntarily transformed themselves into this most-beautiful house.
Hand in hand, mother and daughter walked through the portal, just before they made their way up to the front porch of the house—all the while, Baltor and Losifer silently remained in place.
Nearly ten minutes later, after the two had shared a hug, kisses and tears on the front porch, Nemis alone came back—the portal shut.
Telepathically, Losifer next asked, Well…would the two of you like some information about the next Plane of Hell, as well its ruler Zebul? Free of charge…because, as you already know, I too believe that the Vompareus need to be stopped.
Baltor answered, “We’re willing to listen to whatever you’re willing to tell us, your Lordship. Yes?”
Losifer began, His name is Zebul. History books once depicted him “the lord of the flies,” but his powers have rapidly expanded and multiplied ever since…he is now known amongst the other Arch-Devils, “the master of nightmares,” which is literally the consistency of this hell…nightmares!
After a ten-second pause without interruption, he continued, In other words, as soon as the two of you arrive on this inner-dimensional plane, you both will physically fall asleep, before your physical molecules will spread throughout the entire plane. All the while, your conscious minds will not only submerge into their subconscious states with amnesia I might add, whereupon you will begin your dream.
Baltor was about to ask if that was all the devil had to say, but Losifer continued only three seconds later, Trust me, your physical bodies will be completely safe, unless the Arch-Devil or his powerful dream-demons discover either of you on their lords plane!
Now, until one of your two conscious minds become aware that you are actually dreaming, which opportunity will occur, sooner or later, you will have little control over what happens in your dream, nor can you help the other person. Everybody dreams differently.
Just ride it out as best you can…like that ole song goes, “Row, row, row your boat, gently down the stream…merrily, merrily, merrily, life is but a dream!”
No longer singing, Losifer added, Sooner or later, you will become “consciously aware,” and you will regain your memories, and soon after that, you will have control beyond imagination…so I would strongly suggest that when the first one of you becomes conscious, remember to find and help your teammate.
Together can you unite in your dream-states and overcome this “nightmarish hell” by locating his palace, locating his throne, pushing the green button on the left armrest, and escaping out the River Styx to the final plane of hell! I would advise you not to push the red button, or to fight Zebul…he’s very tough, especially with his armies that are always by his side.
That’s all.
“Okay, thanks, Arch-Devil Losifer,” Baltor said. He looked over at Nemis, extended his right hand out for her to take, and asked, “Ready to go?”
“Yup,” she said, just before she took it.
Hand in hand, the two headed toward the hole and jumped in—just after landing in the river, they heard Losifer say in their heads, Farewell….and Nemis, I’ll see you very soon.
For the next two minutes or so (if time were to exist), they continued to ride down the river’s waterslide, still holding hands. Most unexpectedly for the both of them, the waterslide ended, transforming into “a waterfall surrounded by darkness!”
As the two—still holding hands—continued to fall, and fall and fall through the pitch-black surroundings, the thick, gushing waters from the waterfall gradually transformed into raindrops, which soon after turned into a fine mist, which ultimately transformed into an impenetrable gray fog where they couldn’t see three feet away….
All the while, Nemis kept her body facing upwards as she didn’t want to see what lay below and so she began to meditate—just to her side but facing downwards, was Baltor, as he wanted to see exactly what lay ahead, even though he couldn’t see a thing.
Two hours after they had begun to fall, he finally asked aloud the question that had been looming on his mind, “I’ve got a question I must ask you—why didn’t you negotiate with that devil, Nemis?”
“Umm,” she answered, “I don’t know. Why?”
“If I were you,” he said, “I would have tried to barter—even if you had nothing else that that devil wanted, you should have tried to knock down the years of servitude. One thousand years is a very-very-very-very long time.”
Now sounding upset, she stuttered, “Well, I—I guess I made a mistake! I just wanted my mother so bad. I’m sorry!”
“You don’t have to apologize to me,” he replied nonchalantly nearly a minute later, “It’s your life.”
For the first time ever, she threw him “a stark evil look!”
After exhaling aloud and inhaling his breath just as deep, he said, “I’m sorry…I really wish there was something I could do, but I can’t—quote-unquote ‘a deal is a deal.’ I’ll tell you what, though…when you get done with all that—come look me up. All right?”
At that, she sucked in own her breath deeply, before she replied with a hint of anger still in her voice, “We’ll see…”
He smiled gently before he added, “It shouldn’t be so bad anyway…your mother didn’t look like she had been tortured or abused in any way, shape, or form. He probably just needs some good company to fill his boring day—not somebody forced to be there like a slave. Know what I mean?”
He became quite surprised upon hearing her snap out angrily, “Well, neither my mother, nor I, exactly had ‘a choice’ in all this, which makes us both ‘slaves.’ After all, I spent just about my whole life looking for her…instead of spending my life on other important pursuits—love, prosperity and happiness! Had I known she was content, life wouldn’t have been anywhere as bad for me.”
“Listen, Nemis,” Baltor was able to say calmly, because he forced himself to not get upset, “I’m sorry to hear that you had the life you did—but it’s not like I had a choice in my life either. I didn’t ask for my parents to get murdered, nor did I ask for this cursed immortality, with which I will not elaborate. Most especially, I did not ask to be here in any hell, but we got to make do with all the cards that Fate gives us, and make the most out of those cards. I got one more thing to say and then I’m going to shut up about this subject. Once the next thousand years are up, which will seem like a day in the end, you and your mother can spend the rest of eternity together, while you focus on all your other ‘important pursuits,’ including finding me and seeing if you and I would make a good couple. Know what I mean?”
“Damn it, Baltor,” Nemis snapped, “A thousand years is a thousand years—there’s no way you can say that it’s going to feel like a day in the end…no freaking way! And, most likely, you will have found someone else, especially since you told me that tons of beautiful women love to throw themselves at you, but you never once told me you’re in love with me, so me and you ever being ‘a good couple’ is most likely not going to happen!”
No longer able to hold back his anger, he snapped back, “I’m not the one who made that deal with the de—forget it!”
“Fine…”
Neither said another word afterwards. In fact, nearly a minute later, she angrily yanked back the hand that was holding his, before crossing her hands and arms defiantly in front of her waist—though he shook his head negatively a hundred times, he remained steadfastly silent.
Fifty-nine million, two hundred and seventy thousand, and two seconds later—or nearly fourteen months later—since the last word was said, yet nothing whatsoever had changed about their misty-surroundings, Baltor couldn’t help but blink his physical eyes in “complete disbelief” at how ridiculously long this fall was taking.
Before those eyes could reopen from that blink in the very next second, however, his eyes, mind and body had already fallen into a very deep sleep…



CHAPTER VIII


When Baltor returned to consciousness, an unknown amount of time later, his mind felt so tingly, numb, and tired…all at the same time. His body felt the same as his mind. His eyelids felt sealed shut, especially because he had tried to open them, but failed—too heavy.
Despite his blindness, the rest of his body had begun to feel a bunch of new necessary-to-mention things going on all at the same time.
First, he was now lying on his back on a very soft and comfortable bed. Second, his head lay on an equally soft pillow. Third, he now wore cotton pajamas that clung to his sweat-soaked body. Fourth, a thick, wool blanket covered his body all the way up to his neckline.
Unfortunately, he could no longer remember that beautiful woman who had been in his fleeting dreams, well, the nightmare he had just experienced. Not even her name or face.
In fact, as he began to try and think hard about her with his eyes still shut, he only then realized that he couldn’t remember anything else at all—not even his own name.
Perhaps ten seconds after returning to consciousness, he again attempted to force open his eyes, but this time, they slowly but surely opened…only to discover that his vision was blurry and the darkness in this area prevailed.
Therefore, the first thing he observed was that the blanket on top of him that was dark in color, but due to the darkness, he could not decipher that color. Nor could he decipher the exact color of the fan that attached into the middle of the white ceiling—all he could tell was that this fan had four, shadowed blades pointing in the cardinal directions.
He then looked around, deciphering that the ceiling and the walls were white in this cube-shaped room, approximately twenty-foot squared. The dark-colored wood headboard behind him covered ninety percent of the dark-colored curtains window—below his feet and ten feet beyond the footboard of his bed, there existed a wood door. The other two walls had pictures hanging on them.
As his vision cleared even more, he looked at the fan yet again, noting four tiny glass bulbs attached into the core pointing in four different directions—these bulbs, however, were not pointing the same directions as the fan blades.
He turned just his head in order to look to his left, observing that the picture on this wall was that of a vicious great-white shark with a sea-blue background. And sitting next to the very head of his bed was a large toy chest, stuffed to the rim with all types of boy’s toys—soldiers, building blocks for castles, swords, and other strange-looking gizmos he could not identify, etc.
Shifting his head to the right, perhaps ten seconds later, he saw that the picture on this wall was that of a menacing jester who laughed insanely. A small wooden table sat adjacent to the head of the bed: Lying on it was a small porcelain lamp, which had a little black switch located right underneath the very colorful lampshade. And the strangest object of all sat next to the lamp, which object happened to be a magical box whose illuminated lights revealed: 3:04 a.m.
After he had sat up in bed, which action caused the blanket to drop down to his lap, he noticed that the pajamas he wore were dark in color, probably navy blue. His arms and hands were boyish in size, like when he had been twelve years old.
Only seconds after his body was comfortably seated with his legs crossed in front of him, his still-groggy mind tried to ponder where he was…or who he was? He still could not remember anything, not even the word to describe the condition that he suffered from—amnesia.
His probing thoughts became interrupted, however, as his keen ears began to hear the sounds of soft footsteps shuffling down the hallway outside this bedroom, which sounds were becoming louder every second.
Not knowing what the heck else to do, he lay back down in bed, closed his eyes, and pulled up the blanket up to his neckline—as fast as he could. Only a second later, he heard the door squeak open just before someone flipped the switch.
The blackness in his eyelids instantly turned to a very bright red—even though he kept them shut in order to make it look like he was “sleeping,” his ears continued to listen as those shuffling noises closer to his position. He had no clue as to who this person could be…or what he or she wanted.
A couple seconds later, those shuffling sounds stopped right next to the right side of the bed—that person next sat down next to him, which action caused that side of the bed to scrunch down closer to the ground and concurrently cause his body to lean that way.
An all-too-familiar sounding voice—sounding exactly like his mother—asked in a sleepy tone of voice, “Yawn… Baltor, are you okay, baby? You’re sweating!”
Only now remembering his own name, he squinted opened his eyes just a bit, so that his eyes could adjust to the light—the silhouette of a woman sat next to him. Looking up at the ceiling—with a whole lot of shock—that the four bulbs was now lit up, in which most of the shadows in this room had become eliminated.
The unadorned fan, headboard/footboard, and door were dark brown; the basic curtains were black; his blanket was navy-blue. His pajamas were navy-blue as well, except for the little figures of a muscular, pale man wearing only an animal loincloth and carrying an axe in each hand.
After gazing again at the female only a couple of seconds later, both his eyes and mind confirmed that this woman was his mother, not remembering that a robber had long ago killed her and his father in the middle of the night when he was twelve years old.
“Well?” she asked with even more concern. “Are you going to answer my question and tell me if you’re okay?”
“I—I don’t know if I’m okay,” he heard his own boyish voice say with quite a bit of fear.
“Well, your father and I heard you screaming like a crazed lunatic in bed—he should be here any second—I think. It looks to me now like you just had another nightmare, right?”
“Right, Moma,” he said softly, “I had a really horrible nightmare…”
His mother sighed, before answering, “We all have them here and here…by the way, why did you call me Moma?”
Before he had a chance to answer her question, he heard his father half-yelling at the door, “Everything all right in here, son?”
Baltor answered, “I think so, Popa.”
After looking over at her husband, she asked, “Weird, huh? Your son just called me ‘Moma,’ instead of Mom or Mommy like he usually does…”
“Son, what kind of television you watching nowadays?”
Though Baltor had absolutely no clue as to what “a television” was and he was about to ask that very question, his mother interrupted by saying, “I can answer that question—all of those fantasy and sci-fi movies at night, and watching too much cartoons on TV in the afternoons.”
He was just about to ask what a movie and a TV were, but his father did not give him a chance as he was the next one to speak, “So, son, what was your dream about? Do you perchance remember?”
“Well,” Baltor surprisingly heard his own boyish voice say, “All I vaguely remember was that I was fighting against demons and devils in hell, in order to rescue somebody very important to me, and I was with some elfish girl…but I don’t remember anybody’s names anymore, or anything else!”
“That’s it,” his father snapped angrily, “you’re coming with me to work tomorrow, and every day after school from now on…twelve years old or not, I don’t care. And one more thing—no more television for you without adult supervision for at least a year…maybe by then you’ll apply yourself in life by starting up a constructive hobby, like building a model warship, or drawing animals, or something constructive like that.”
Before Baltor could say or ask anything at all, his mother replied with a whiny voice, “But tomorrow’s Saturday, Tank, and I was hoping we could all spend the day together.”
Tank replied, “Nah, I can’t, Grasha…not tomorrow during the day anyway, as I just got two cars that have got to get fixed by tomorrow night by five p.m., and I could really use our son’s help…my mechanic assistant’s out of town on vacation for three more days. Maybe tomorrow evening we can all go out on the town, eat some dinner at a pizzeria, and then catch a normal type of flick…yeah?”
“All right, yeah,” Grasha replied with a small smile. Without any further delay she gave her son a kiss on his forehead—though Baltor’s forehead felt that lingering warmth, his mind couldn’t help but wonder at the meanings behind all these foreign words…TV, cartoon, television, movie, auto-shop, sci-fi, car, pizzeria, flick.
“Get some rest, son…you’re going to need it tomorrow,” Tank strongly recommended.
“You’ll be just fine, my darling baby,” his mother said in consoling tones.
She gave him another kiss on his forehead, rose to her feet, walked to the door, and clicked the switch next to the door, which cast the entire room into darkness.
After Baltor’s eyes had adjusted to the instant shifting of the light, he next observed that his father’s shadow had just entered his own well-lit bedroom just down the hallway.
Just before Grasha closed Baltor’s door, she said, “Sweet dreams, my angel.”
“Sweet dreams, mommy,” Baltor heard himself say.
Before the boy’s mind could begin to fathom anything at all, it too shut off like a light switch. When his conscious mind switched back on, an unknown amount of time later, the first thing it heard was the repetitious and annoying sound of a buzzer going off near his head to the right.
After sleepily opening his eyes, he saw where that strange noise emanated—that magical box that repeatedly flashing the numbers:  “7:02 a.m.”
With both of his still-boy-sized hands, Baltor picked up the cordless box and glanced at it closer—yes, he realized, this is the source of the annoying noise.
One of the half-dozen buttons located on top of this box read the word, “off,” so that is the button he pushed. Instantly the buzzing stopped—at the same time, the numbers stopped flashing.
Baltor set the box down onto the table, and stood out of bed, but wondered where his clothes were—after all, there weren’t any dressers or closets inside his room.
With that, he walked over to the bedroom door, and was just about to open it—when the door opened of its own accord, only a second before he could.
Standing on the other side was Tank, still dressed in his pajamas. With a nod, he greeted with a smile, “Good morning, son…was the rest of your sleep good?”
“Yes Popa.”
“Son, call me Poppa, or Pops, or Dad, but don’t call me that ever again…don’t make me take you to a psychiatrist.”
“What’s a psychiatrist?”
An irritated look crossed his father’s face, before he answered, “You know damn well what a psychiatrist is—doctor of the mind.”
“Oh…no, I didn’t know that.”
“Seriously, son…no more TV for you.”
“What’s a TV?”
For the next few seconds Baltor’s father looked like he was about to “lose his marbles,” but then he sucked in a deep breath, grabbed a firm hold of both his son’s shoulders, and said, “Look—son. You’re really starting to worry me…stop. Your Mom picked out your clothes for the day, as she always does. They’re hanging on a hanger in the bathroom, which is in that door in case your mind is still foggy—take a good shower, clear up that head of yours, dry off, get dressed, and come on downstairs for breakfast, which your mother should have done by then. Finally, yet just as importantly, make sure you wear your work shoes, which are by the front door downstairs. Okay?”
“Okay.”
With that, his father headed down the carpeted hallway, brown in color, and made a left—only then did Baltor notice a staircase that led down.
He turned to the door his father had earlier pointed at, opened it, entered, closed the door, and then began to look around. This modern-day bathroom had a light-switch of its own just near the door, a see-through-glass shower, a black-and-gold marble spa (no water in it), a matching toilet, and a matching sink with two handles—one red and one blue. A mirror hung above the sink.
Hanging on the left wall were two racks containing bath towels, washcloths, and bottles of all sizes and shapes. Neatly hanging on the closer of the two racks, upon a hanger, were Baltor’s child-sized clothes. Hanging halfway out of his front-left-side pocket was a pair of white socks—in the front-right pocket was his underwear.
Only seconds before arriving at the sink and mirror, Baltor heard his father’s voice yell outside the door, “I don’t hear that water running! Get your shower done—now boy.”
“Yes sir,” Baltor heard his boyish voice say, just before his feet turned around to face the shower, which feet then began to move toward it. In the back of his mind, he heard his boyish voice say, Just go with the flow and then you’ll know.
Before arriving at the shower, a couple of seconds later, his left hand instinctively opened the door—his right hand then reached out and cranked the red switch.
A few seconds later, just as the water was starting to get hot, his left hand cranked around the blue switch—within twenty seconds, after three more minor adjustments, the water felt to his wrists to be a nice, warm and cozy setting.
He stripped off all his clothes, just before entering the shower and closing the door—right away, his right hand picked up a bar of soap sitting in a soap dispenser near the water nozzles, just before he began to use both hands to form a lather so that he could scrub his face and body clean.
Two minutes after he had begun this process, he heard his father’s voice call out from outside the bathroom door, “Don’t forget to wash behind your ears and your hair with shampoo…it’s on the floor of the shower next to the conditioner.”
Baltor looked down, observing the two bottles made of a very strange type of container—they both looked squeezable.
The light-green bottle on the left bore the etched silhouette of a woman with long and flowing hair, and her outstretched arms gestured to the inscribed words: “Jordan’s 5-Star Beauty Salon Shampoo.”
The dark-green bottle on the right bore the same inscribed picture, but with the words: “Jordan’s 5-Star Beauty Salon Conditioner”
He picked up the shampoo bottle with one hand, and sure enough, squeezed just a dab of it into his free hand—with that he began wiping the frothy substance through his hair, while his other hand set the bottle of shampoo back down where it belonged. Once the hair was all soapy, he rinsed it all off using the running water from the showerhead.
After the last of the soap was removed, Baltor flipped off the water handles, letting his body drip dry for a minute longer, before opening the shower door. His father was right there with a towel in hand—he handed it over, and said, “Hurry-hurry, son…your breakfast is hot and ready and I got to take my shower now—I’ll be down in a few minutes.”
Baltor dried himself off with the towel, as fast as he could—meanwhile his father began to undress, just before he hopped into the shower, and expertly turned on both handles at the same time to the proper levels, as he knew all-too-well the correct settings.
Already had the boy put on his underwear and was in the process of putting on his pants—once this step was complete, he threw on his slightly grease-stained T-shirt and crisp, white socks. Nearly thirty seconds later, he exited the bathroom, which door was still open.
“Shut the door behind you, boy…please and thank you.”
“Yes, Dad.”
After closing the bathroom door, he headed downstairs. Already were his nostrils leading him straight into the kitchen, where he could smell his mother’s delicious-smelling breakfast sizzling on frying pans.
Upon entering this room, he observed a plain wooden kitchen table sitting in the middle—with three place settings around it, consisting of porcelain plates, see-through glasses, and silverware.
Before he had a chance to check anything else out in this kitchen, he heard his mother say, “Your chair is over there, Honey…take a seat.”
“Yes, Mom,” he answered before looking over to where she was pointing with her index finger, and then taking that seat.
While he did so, Grasha continued, “Much better to hear that title, instead of the weird one you used last night—oh, and sorry to hear about your dream—nightmare—last night…don’t think about it ever again and you’ll be okay. Is that enough pancakes and sausage for you baby?”
By this time, she had scooped three pancakes and two links of sausage from a different plate onto the boy’s own plate—he answered, “Yes. Thank you, Mom.”
“Why—you’re welcome, my dear! There’s butter right there in the butter dish, pancake syrup right next to that, and a glass of milk sitting near the middle of the table that’s yours.”
“Okay,” Baltor’s voice said. He let his hands act on instinct—his left grabbed the butter dish, while his right grabbed the knife just to the right of his plate.
Within seconds, not only was the fast-melting butter smeared all over these pancakes, yet a nice layer of thick-maple syrup on top of that—his taste buds drooled in anticipation.
Right away, those buds found the food more-than-satisfactory as he began eating heartily away, relishing all the delicious tastes these slight-cinnamon-tasting pancakes produced. Combined with the spicy links of sausage, which had gotten a bit of the syrup on them, they made this breakfast that much more delicious.
While chuckling, his mother said, “Slow down, honey…at least I know you haven’t lost your appetite.”
“Yes Mom.”
“Let me turn on the TV with the remote. There…let’s see what the newsman today has to say. Meanwhile, you keep on eating while I comb your damp hair.”
From this strange, cubed box that sat on the kitchen counter, which box initially had a dull-gray glass screen on the front, a balding man wearing a very strange suit and a snazzy tie had just popped onto it—he sat behind a shiny wood desk.
Right away this newsman began to talk, in which moving photos of his story started to flash to his right, “And in other headlining news around the world, the Ambassador to China, and his small entourage of bodyguards were all found murdered by bullets in their New York City hotel room. By the time authorities arrived, the assassins had already fled the crime-scene—so far, there is no motive to this horrific crime, nor no witnesses.”
After taking a deep breath, the newsman stated while using positive tones, “We have some good news coming up…yes, you guessed it, the weather. Stay tuned to find out how you and your family can make the most out of this gorgeous day without spending a fortune! But right now, it’s time for a commercial break here at Channel 8 News.”
The newsman and his newsroom disappeared, and what replaced it was the moving pictures of a powerful-looking red machine on wheels moving at breathtaking speeds down an asphalt road, coupled with the sounds of an incredibly crisp engine running, and can’t forget to mention the occasional sounds of those rubber wheels gripping firmly against the road. Baltor’s eyes had never before such a machine, nor knew that such could exist.
A salesman’s voice said with a whole lot of excitement, “Yes, this beautiful ’95 Porsche 911 Carrera can be yours at a low-low price, just like any of our hundreds of new and used cars at Lincoln Motors on 1175 Parkway St. in Elgin City, California. This very car you see right now is a steal for five hundred and seventy-five dollars a month leased for four years, with the option to buy it in the end! That’s right…this car is available for you right now. First come…first serve…so come now.”
“Mom?” Baltor heard his voice ask, after swallowing down a few gulps of milk.
“Yes, Hun.”
“Can I have that car?”
Laughing, her mother said, “Sure son…when you make enough money and you’re old enough!”
“Yippee,” he squealed aloud. “When will I be old enough?”
Just then, his father had entered the kitchen. After giving his wife a hearty kiss on the cheek, he sat down at his seat at the table before greeting in chipper tones, “Good morning Grasha—good morning son! Breakfast smells delicious…”
“Good morning Tank…and thank you for the compliment about my breakfast! Give me another minute and I’ll have your portion on your plate.”
“Okay, babes,” he replied.
Baltor heard himself unexpectedly say, “Morning Popa—I mean, Dad.”
Though a flustered look instantly crossed his face, Grasha interjected right away by saying, “Our baby boy just saw this beautiful-red-sports-car on television, and asked me if he could have it…I, ha ha, told him sure…when he gets old enough and can afford it. Even though he’s only twelve now, that doesn’t mean that he can’t have his dream car one day, right?”
After chuckling merrily a few times, Tank answered without an ounce of humor, “A whole lot of work, son, is what you’re going to need to get a car like what you saw on TV. Dreams take hard work, so you just keep on working very hard for me, and I’ll teach you everything you need to know to succeed, and by the time you’re old enough to have a car in four years from now, you will not only have a car just like that, yet your very own auto-shop in ten years. So I don’t want to hear you crying about anything ever again…okay son?”
“Okay, Dad.”
Though Baltor had finished his plate of food, and was “stuffed as a pig,” he continued to remain seated at the table. He watched—also with amazement—the next television commercial that advertised cellular phones.
By this time, Grasha had just stuffed five pancakes and four pieces of sausage onto his father’s plate next to the stove, just before she set the plate before the man himself—he proceeded to lather butter and syrup on his pancakes.
Only moments after Tank had finished breakfast, five minutes after he took his first bite, he led Baltor by the hand to where his shoes were located, which was by another door in the back of the kitchen—it had been an unlit room, until Tank flipped another light switch.
Not only did a light turn on in the middle of the room on the ceiling, yet one of the walls slowly began to rise until it folded neatly into the ceiling, revealing the crisp morning sunlight outside, as well a blue-colored/two-door car parked on the concrete driveway outside, which car was dull in color and shape. Still, Baltor’s eyes looked amazed by everything he was seeing.
“Get in the car, son,” Tank ordered matter-of-factly, while pointing at the other door.
As there was a door handle on the far left side of the door, which was the only sign of how to open the car, Baltor pulled up on it, and the door indeed opened—he entered and sat down in the leather seat, shutting the door behind him.
Six seconds later, the door on the other side of the car opened, and in sat his father—once seated, he firmly shut his door, put on his seatbelt and got comfortable in the seat.
Because the boy had been watching his father from outside, he followed suit by sitting down, strapping in and getting comfortable.
As soon as Tank peripherally saw that his son was seat-belted, he inserted one of his dozen shiny, metallic keys into a hole near a circular wheel, turned the key that instantly caused a whirring noise to emanate from the engine; and only two seconds later, the car’s quiet engine turned on.
Without any haste, he looked in the mirror, grabbed a hold of a stick located between the seats, pivoted his head around, and accelerated—the vehicle began to go in reverse.
Just before exiting the driveway, he stopped the car and looked both ways before he driving onto the street. He shifted the stick again, as well his head until he was looking forward…and the car went forward.
Baltor watched mesmerized first by the car’s quick-and-powerful movements, and then at all the other strange-looking houses, as well at all the other one or two-story glass-buildings that flashed by on both sides of this four-lane street—restaurants and all types of other stores. What really piqued Baltor’s interest were those strange car-lots where people in cars or trucks pulled up to a large machine, swiped a card, put a nozzle into the back of his or her vehicle, and soon after, put the nozzle back before driving back onto the main road.
He had seen one of these places at a four-way intersection, where a red light had stopped them for about forty-five seconds. Of course, there were palm trees here and there, but a few of these types of trees he had never before seen.
Before he knew it, his father had parked the car in a parking space, and opened the door by lifting another latch. “Let’s go, son. Don’t walk or run out into the street without having looked both ways—remember the rules.”
“Yes, Dad,” the boy said, just before he lifted up the duplicate latch on his side of the car.
After getting out of the car, he followed suit just like his father by firmly shutting the door, walking to the back end of the car, looking both ways, and after seeing no cars nearby, crossing the street.
A few seconds later, Tank used another of his keys to unlock the side door to his auto-shop, before gesturing for his son to enter first—he did.
As soon as Tank was inside, he shut the door, flipped around the “open/closed sign” that hung on it, and flipped on a light switch that revealed a dozen fluorescent lights that fully lit up a mechanic’s shop. This shop was filled with a dozen-or-so toolboxes and about a half-dozen cars, as well a very long counter with a bunch of stuff sitting on it, especially auto parts. Tank was already on verge of walking behind this counter.
Once there, he turned on yet another strange-looking machine that also sat on the counter. Right away, three luminescent zeroes started to flash on this machine, while whirring sounds began to emanate. Baltor, all the while, silently watched everything his father did.
“All right son,” Tank said at last, perhaps a half-minute later. “I don’t know how business will be today, but we at least got to change all the tires and do an alignment check on one car. Oh, and we have to replace the steering wheel in another car with a replacement part that should be delivered here sometime today. So, ready to work?”
“Yes, Dad,” Baltor heard his boyish voice reply, although his mind had not a clue what was going on. While he did whatever his father requested, which was mainly holding onto parts or tools, his father nonstop worked on repairing the first car.
By this time, Baltor’s mind no longer questioned that he was a boy of twelve and that his parents were alive and well, and that his actual entire real life was nothing more than a dream and quite often, a nightmare—this was his new reality with a twist.
Thirty minutes after they had begun to work on the car, the front door to the shop opened, causing a beeping sound to go off for five seconds—in walked a man wearing a brown uniform and cap, and carrying a brown box that was one-foot wide by two inches thick.
The man set the box down next to the door, and greeted, “Morning, Tank…just got one package for you today.”
“Thanks, Bill. I’ll be right there to sign for it in a few seconds…”
“No rush.”
Not even three seconds later, Tank was already there, signing for the package on another strange-looking device that was obviously electronic—once signed for, Bill said with a smile and a pat on Tank’s shoulder, “Well, have a great weekend.”
“You too, buddy.” Tank replied, just before he picked up the box, and began to make his way for a sporty-looking white car. Once there, only ten seconds later, he set the box down next to the car, and said, “Get over here, boy, and hand me a screwdriver….”
Thirty minutes later, the front door to the shop opened, which again caused the beeping sound, and a bald-headed man wearing a three-piece-business-suit-without-a-tie walked in.
Though Baltor and his father both heard the beep, both were still in the process of bolting down the brand-new steering wheel. Still working, his father called out, “Hold one minute, mister…I’ll be right with you.”
“Not a problem…say, that’s a very nice car you have there in the corner. Is that a ‘67 Mustang?”
Without looking over, Tank answered, “Yeah, it is…it was my father’s favorite car before he died eight years ago—it was the most sentimental item he possessed, despite his millions of dollars, of which the car was my only inheritance.”
The man cooed, “Wow, that car sure is a beauty…I really love the giant horse’s head painted onto the hood!”
Now that the steering wheel was properly mounted, Tank rose to his feet and looked over before answering, “Thanks. He did that himself, as well remodeled the entire car. That’s how I got interested in fixing cars for a living, as I helped him with the project when I was a teenager.”
The man suggested, “You should think about selling it where someone will use it…instead of just letting it rot away in a garage. Know what I mean?”
“Yeah, but I can’t think of selling it now…it’s the only thing he gave me in his inheritance of value, because of our fight that never got resolved before his death—all the rest of his vast fortunes he gave to my two greedy sisters, who won’t share a stinking dime.”
“Will my car be ready soon?”
Tank answered, “Umm, about five more minutes of work to test the maneuverability of the steering wheel in correlation to the turning of the front wheels, and it’ll be done, sir.”
“Thanks.”
Tank knelt down on one knee next to the car, just before grabbing the steering wheel and turning it to the right—of course, the front wheels of the car turned the same direction at the same time. Upon moving the wheel left, the wheels evenly matched the movements.
Though Baltor continued to remain silent and ready to help his father, only now did he look over at the customer so he could get “a good look.”
Upon seeing this man’s face, though the rest of his head was shaved, Baltor still recognized him instantaneously—Briggs. Far-far-far distant memories began to pop up in the back of the boy’s mind—of a long-ago nightmare he had about this very man murdering both of his parents, and somehow, he miraculously escaping with his life.
Even more images began to pop up, as he saw an older version of himself exacting justice by murdering Briggs in a dog pit.
Anger and rage burned deep inside the boy as he observed “the present” Briggs gazing ever-so-enviously at his grandfather’s car, which brought on even more distant memories. Unexpectedly, Baltor found himself walking toward Briggs.
Tank snapped aloud, “What the hey, Baltor? Get back here.”
Baltor did not listen but cocked his little hands into tiny fists, as he continued to walk closer and closer to Briggs, who was staring at the hood’s cover.
Only a second or so before either fist could strike, something incredibly hard slammed into the back of his head—hard enough to render Baltor unconscious.
Perhaps an hour later, he awoke to a pounding headache in the same spot. Upon trying to move, he found his hands tied with hemp rope over his head, which rope attached to a metal rail. Additionally, he felt a gag over his mouth, so he could not speak.
After opening his eyes, a second later, he noted that he wasn’t the only one tied up. So were his father and mother. They were both gagged, struggling in their bonds, and crying.
Briggs and “one other sinister-looking man” were standing around too—both men held a strange, metallic device in their right hands, which devices looked like a couple of the toys he had seen in his toy-chest.
Briggs, upon seeing Baltor now fully awake, said, “That was a little underhanded move you tried to pull on me, boy. I’m glad I had some backup.”
Using sinister tones, other man could not help but laugh a few times at hearing that information.
Still smiling just as sinisterly, Briggs added a few seconds later, “So, first we’re going to kill your father with this here gun—then when we’re both done with your mother, I will put a bullet into her brain. By the way, the lunch she made for you and your dad—ham sandwiches, chips and juice-boxes—was quite delicious…wasn’t it, Harry?” He laughed a few times.
“Yes sir!” Harry answered.
“Anyway,” Briggs added, once again sounding serious and evil. “After your parents are dead, I will shoot you with the remaining eleven bullets into each of your joints—kneecaps, shoulders, etc.—until the entire clip is empty and ending with your head—and just so you know, there are thirteen rounds in total. Whether you live or die is entirely up to you….hopefully you die. ”
Although Baltor continued to cry and sob—ever since he heard the news that these men were going to kill his parents—it was only then that he started to try to fight his way out of the ropes. Watching, Briggs began to laugh menacingly, as he pointed the gun at his father’s face and pulled the trigger.
BOOM!
Right after the bullet had entered and exited his father, his mother began to scream and cry through the wraps covering over her mouth—Briggs had already begun walking to Grasha.
BOOM!
Sobbing tears really began to flow down the boy’s face as he watched Briggs walk slowly toward him. Once this man stood only three feet away, Baltor closed his eyes and readied himself for death.
BOOM! BOOM!
Easily, the first bullet shot (punctured and burned) through the skin and muscle of the boy’s left shoulder, but it (still burning) had become lodged in the front part of his shoulder bone—showing him “a whole new level of horrific pain!” He could not help but scream, nor could he keep his eyes shut any longer.
The second bullet, however, had shot much higher due to the gun’s strong pull. The bullet severed the ropes holding his hands, and his hands were free.
Right away, he began to run—at top speed of twenty-five mph—for the front door, though his mind was not aware of the speed because his parents had just been murdered, he had been shot once already, and he continued to hear more bullets from both guns.
Thankfully, he heard but did not feel twelve more rounds as they flew nearby, sometimes only inches away—four of those rounds had come from Brigg’s partner’s pistol.
Before there was a chance for the fourteenth round, Baltor was already gone, running down the city streets, while sobbing out of control the entire time. Nearly three times did he become “road kill” by passing cars. Reality became nothing but “a blur,” and before he knew it, he ran into an alleyway, climbed into a dumpster, and zonked out.
When he awoke some time later, he discovered he was no longer lying in that dumpster, but in a five-foot square cardboard box sitting on concrete, amongst two hundred other cardboard boxes, which were all stacked side-by-side under a massive bridge in the middle of the city and in the middle of the night.
Though most of the bums around here were already sleeping inside his or her box, there were still several small groups of them wearing raggedy clothes all huddled around fire-pits in the very middle of this encampment. Many of those people held a bottle of alcohol, and a vast majority had very bloodshot eyes.
After the boy had risen to his feet, he looked at his own shoulder, only to discover with surprise that the bullet hole still existed in his blood-soaked shirt, but there was startlingly no wound, scar, or scratch—whatsoever.
From the right corner of his eye, he saw another recognizable face from his childhood history walking on by—“Lady Lydia!” She appeared to be making her way toward the fire-pit.
“Lady Lydia—Lady Lydia—it’s Baltor! Come here,” he heard his boyish voice say.
Lydia looked over, and a confused expression crossed her face just before she asked, “How—how do you know my name?”
“It’s me…Baltor.”
“Who? I don’t know you.”
He answered, “Please, I need to talk to you for a minute—please.”
She nodded once, though “a suspicious look” remained in her eyes.
With that, the two began to walk closer to each other.
Upon arriving within a few feet of each other, nearly ten seconds later, she gave him the up-down look, while stating in icy tones, “I don’t know you.”
“Maybe not, but I know exactly who you are.”
Without hesitation, she had already pulled out her own gun from her leather jacket pocket—finger already on the trigger. The barrel of a gun pointed straight at Baltor’s face.
He threw his hands up into the air in surrender, while his boyish voice pleaded, “Please don’t shoot me!”
Most surprising to him, she did shoot—this time, the thirty-eight-millimeter-sized bullet blasted a hole through the front of his face and into his brain. His body was dead before his back hit the ground!
Instead of remaining dead, however, he discovered that he was once again alive in the very next moment, still lying on his back and looking up at the bottom of the bridge with only one eye. Furthermore, most of the other sleeping bums awoke, and everyone standing around had been looking at the two with strange expressions on their faces—especially at the bullet hole that blew off half of Baltor’s face.
“How on earth are you not dead? The hole in your head—I’ve never seen anyone heal so fast! How is this possible?” Lydia declared in total shock.
After sitting up and looking at her with both eyes, Baltor heard himself say, “I—I don’t know how—why did you shoot me?”
“You seemed like a spy…and maybe you still are.”
Now completely healed, Baltor clucked his tongue before answering, “No I’m not a spy. I’m just very-very confused as to what’s going on right—”
He was about to conclude with “now,” but his answer became interrupted upon observing that all of the bums around had just turned into zombie creatures—wailing, moaning, salivating, and worst of all, walking toward them with outstretched hands, a limp, darkened eyes, greenish-bluish skin, etc.
Only he and Lydia remained human. After rising to his feet, he said with a great amount of fear, “Let’s run…these zombies will kill us by eating our brains!”
Grabbing a hold of his hand, she answered, “You’re right—let’s go. I have just the place.”
With that, the two hightailed at top speed of four mph around the very large group of zombies—about a hundred of them.
It took them about five minutes, which included quite a few close encounters, before they finally ran past the last zombie in the group, but they still had to keep running, as there were many more of them roaming about here and there in the city streets.
Luck came their way, as a ruby-red ’95 Camaro that sat in the bay of a nearby fuel station. No living or undead people were near.
Lydia suggested, “We’re stealing that car—hop in the passenger seat.”
The moment after she had hopped into the car on the driver’s side and closed the door, she peripherally observed a zombie—about forty feet away—who was fast approaching the two, and so she screamed, “Get in!”
Quickly, Baltor opened the passenger door, hopped in, closed the door and put on his seatbelt. While he did this, she had turned on the air conditioner in order to cool them both off, as they were both sweating profusely
As soon as she heard the click of his seatbelt, she forthwith put the pedal to the metal, and the car took off down the road, leaving that zombie behind to eat dust, literally.
Twenty minutes or so later, after having evaded around thousands more zombies on the city streets until finding a highway to take them out of the city and the suburbs, they entered into the desert. Perhaps twenty minutes later and without having seen any zombies out this way, they arrived at a security wall that was fifty feet tall, four square miles, and constructed of brownstone.
In the middle, there stood a metallic security gate, which had a communication box to the left of the asphalt street. Hovering at the top of the wall, there sat a security camera that pointed down at the two sitting in the car.
Inside the gate, there stood two guards on a cobblestone road, dressed in business suits and wearing sunglasses. Behind them, the road gently wound its way through a dense forest of lush trees.
After pushing the intercom button several times, Lydia chimed, “Hi—I’m Lady Lydia…let us in as soon as possible! I’ll explain why to the head of security in a minute as to why I’m not driving my normal car right now, once I park in front of the mansion. Thank you…”
A masculine voice said from the other end, “Thank you, and welcome to Shangri-La, Lady Lydia.”
At this moment, the gates had just finished opening. Once so, she pushed her foot lightly on the accelerator, and the car accelerated into the driveway, traversing beyond the guards and through the forest road for about mile. The gate, of course, had automatically closed behind them.
At the end of that mile dwelt a six-story mansion, also made of brownstone. Spread throughout the large parking lot was a wide assortment of very expensive rides. Why, even the very-same car Baltor had seen on TV this morning was parked inside the lot, but this one had been painted a mirror-like black color and had silver chrome wheels.
Twenty seconds later, Lydia parked the car directly behind the Porsche. At the same time, the head of security had just exited out the side entrance of the mansion, just before nonchalantly making his way toward she and Baltor, of who continued to remain in the car.
Shortly before this man’s arrival, he waved his right hand and stated, “Greetings, Lady Lydia, what is the problem?”
After Lydia had gestured for Baltor to remain in the car, and she had gotten out herself and closed the door, she said, “The problem is, Reeves—and I swear on everything that this is true—that everyone we’ve seen—this boy and I—in the entire city has turned into zombies. I was a little afraid the people here might have been infected as well, but that is not the case, yet!”
“Hmm,” Reeves said, “That is indeed strange!”
Just then, the walkie-talkie hanging on his belt chirped twice, just before this frantic report came in from one of the male guards at the front gate, “Sir? You’re never going to believe this, unless you either see it live or at least on your phone’s video screen, but there are now a few zombies walking now outside the gates! Hundreds more are heading this way.”
Reeves—of whom already held his walkie-talkie in his right hand—only then clicked the button, took a deep breath and released just as deep of a sigh, before stating, “Ten-four…I believe you. The gates are solid and will hold them back…it would take a tank to plow through them, so we’ll be safe for quite a while unless they try to climb over each other to get over the wall. In the meantime, I order the both of you to return to base, get yourselves a facemask and an assault rifle, and return to your posts—we don’t want you two to contract what they’ve caught.”
“Yes sir…” came the immediate reply.
After placing the walkie-talkie back on his belt, Reeves looked at Lydia and suggested, “Let’s get inside ourselves…perhaps there is something in the air that is causing this plague?”
Looking in the skies warily for a few moments, Lydia replied, “I don’t know that answer, but I do know I have a new friend with me—his name is Baltor.” She jabbed her thumb in the boy’s direction.
“Okay, that’s fine, but let’s go quickly.”
“Okay…come on, Baltor.”
“Coming,” he replied, before getting out of the car, shutting the door, and following behind the two at the same pace, as they all jogged to the mansion.
About thirty seconds later, they were all inside the front entrance—Lydia and Reeves still in the lead. Another man dressed in a black business suit and sunglasses shut and locked the large door behind them all.
Baltor observed a large and beautiful foyer that led up to a grand spiral staircase, which led up to the next floor—as well, there were three other mahogany doors leading out of the first floor of this hall, all doors being closed. In the very center of the room, there sat four elegant couches, which formed a loose square so people could easily get in and out. Finally, there were ten elegantly dressed people, males and females, either sitting in those couches or standing around them. All were sociably chatting with each other…none were zombies, yet.
After arriving at the door to their right, Reeves opened the door and gestured for Lydia and Baltor to enter—they did.
Instead of entering the hallway, however, he turned around and stated just loud enough to silence this group of people, “Hey everybody! Just so you all know, I wouldn’t leave the gates…there are zombies out there now. If you don’t believe me, you can check on the security cameras, or go see for yourself at the gates although I wouldn’t recommend this last option as there maybe something in the air causing all of this. I’m sorry to be the bearer of bad news. The only good news I have is that none of us inside the walls have become zombies, yet. So be careful and run away if anybody begins to transform into a zombie. Okay?” Of course, Baltor and Lydia had turned around, in order to listen to this announcement.
One girl replied, “Okay. We’ll check it out for ourselves.” Most nodded their heads in shock, but a few had a look of complete disbelief on their faces. One man even laughed with disbelief.
Without any further delay, Reeves turned back around and said at a normal volume to Lydia, “I’ve got a few important missions I need to do…you two will be fine from here. Okay?”
“Okay.” She turned around, gesturing for the boy to follow—Reeves remained in the foyer as he closed the door.
She and Baltor walked side-by-side as they walked down this lengthy-yet-elegant hallway filled with a dozen doors on each side, and one final door at the end. That last door turned out to be her next destination, as she opened it and gestured for him to enter.
Inside existed a massive room filled with tons of art of all sizes and shapes—from the paintings hanging on the walls, to the sculptures in various poses sitting on pedestals, or on tables, to the very floor itself. This white-tiled floor bore a red and black swirly design meticulously painted onto each tile.
After walking to a life-size sculpture of a bikini-clad woman who held out her index finger that pointed to the sculpture of a life-size bird near her feet, Lydia pushed a hidden button, and one of the tiles lifted up—underneath was a hole that led down.
As Baltor had seen Lydia gesture with her hand for him to climb down the ladder, he did—climbing down nearly a mile before they reached the bottom.
There dwelt a tunnel had been molded out of metal—tiny slits could be seen in the smooth ovular-shaped walls, as well watchful eyes and pointing guns from the other side—fluorescent bulbs on the ceiling stretched down the entire length of the corridor.
A little more than a mile did this stretch, before ending where stood another wood door that was closed.
After she had opened it, the two passed through into a massive underground room equipped with not only weapon racks filled with weapons of every kind, yet punching/kicking bags, workout equipment, obstacle courses, and even firing ranges. In the middle of the room sat a boxing ring, of which there were two people currently fighting away utilizing mixed-martial arts.
Lydia found who she was looking for, just before she called out, “Drill-Instructor Humonus…do you have a moment’s time?”
Yet another all-too-familiar face looked Baltor’s way…Humonus even had that familiar scar that ran up and down his left cheek.
Humonus asked, “Yes, my lady?”
“I have a student who needs to be trained—are you currently free and available?”
“As a matter of fact, I am…but this piece of crap looks like a coward who will cry like a little baby.”
Baltor heard his voice say with defiance, “No I won’t.”
Humonus walked over, clapped his left around Baltor’s throat, squeezed real tight, and asked, “What did you say, boy?”
While choking and coughing all at the same time, Baltor managed to answer, “I…said…no…no, I…won’t cry, sir.”
After letting go of the boy’s throat, which caused him to drop to his knees, Humonus said, “Better not cry, you little punk. If you want to survive the zombie crisis, of which I’m already fully aware of, you better hang tough through my hardcore training.”
“Yes…sir…” Baltor said, still panting all the while.
With that, Humonus ordered, “Follow me.”
He stood to his feet and did as ordered.
For an unknown amount of time to pass, Humonus once again trained Baltor in the martial arts—but this time, unlike in real life, the boy was rarely ever successful with any of his martial arts feats and tests. In fact, just about everything he did was very weak, uncoordinated and sluggish—never once did he remember that he already knew all these moves, or that he was dreaming in this “chaotic nightmarish hell!”
Whether a single second’s time had passed or an eternity times an eternity, he did not know as he became wounded and/or killed thousands of times in just as many different ways, and was soon after healed and/or resurrected. From sharp spikes penetrating through his body, to falling down pitfalls, to getting sliced open by swords, to getting shot with guns or even grenades by just about everyone in the thieves’ guild. The worst deaths of all for Baltor came from Humonus, which occurred hundreds of times alone…
All the while, the drill instructor never stopped demoralizing and tearing the student’s spirit further and further each day and night that transpired, of which he was never granted rest breaks or periods to sleep…weaker and weaker, in fact, was the boy’s spirit getting. Never once was he allowed any time to calibrate his thoughts, so that he could once-and-for-all realize that this was all just “a twisted-up nightmare!”
Finally, that eternity passed, and Humonus congratulated, “Good job…you have passed the last of my tests. Now it is time for you to move on. The High Council will send you on a mission in an hour, of which you will have to complete. I will lead you now. Follow me.”
The boy did—the two made their way through a dozen tunnels until arriving at a door that led into a lengthy hallway.
After entering the hallway, Baltor happened to observe a mirror up ahead and to the left. This was the second time he had seen a mirror since his dream began, of which dream he was still not conscious-conscious. As he walked by, his subconscious eyes glanced at the mirror, saw his own reflection, stopped in his tracks, and turned to face the mirror…during this timeframe, he began to see his boyish face slowly change to his adult face, and his peasant attire and boots turn to armor, boots, and helmet.
Suddenly, goose bumps began to surge up and down his back as he now began to feel that something wasn’t right about his current reality. For the first time in a very long time, Baltor heard his manly voice ask his reflection, “Wait a second—what’s going on around here? Am I dreaming?”
Humonus casually walked right in between Baltor and the mirror, before he said, “No—not exactly. In a nutshell, you’re seeing and hearing your future self when you finally do become a man, of which you are not even close yet. But it’s not a good idea to get too much of a glimpse, as you don’t want to spoil your future. Know what I mean?”
“I—I guess,” Baltor heard his boyish voice say, though already in the back of his mind “the seeds of doubt” had been planted.
“Let’s go, my friend, for you have graduated my course with honors, and for that, I am exceedingly proud,” Humonus said with an equally proud smile.
“Thank you, sir…but will you let me look in the mirror for one more second?”
“Sure,” he said before moving to the side.
This time, as Baltor gazed at his reflection, he saw just his peasant clothes and boots, and his boyish body and face stare back…his boyish mind thought, I must’ve been imagining things.
“Ready?” he heard Humonus ask right away.
“Yes,” he heard himself answer, just before his feet began to move of their own accord, as he walked side by side with Humonus.
Not even two hallways later, they came across a set of double doors to the left. After Humonus had opened the right door, he gestured for Baltor to enter.
Already assembled in this very elegant throne room was the High Council, twenty-four of them sitting upon their modern-day thrones—Baltor recognized only Lydia and Salmot…
Without any haste, Lydia stood out her seat, pointed her finger accusingly at Baltor, and said, “Before we brief you on your mission, which mission you must successfully accomplish or we will torture you beyond oblivion upon your failed return, you must first be whipped thirty times. Now, take off your shirt, so that Humonus can flog you with his whip!”
Salmot had just begun to laugh very evilly.
“But why,” Baltor asked.
“No buts or questions. Do it! One more question and we will increase the punishment to sixty slashes. Ah, just slash him with his shirt on…I don’t care.”
By this time, Humonus had just finished unrolling the wicked-looking whip in his right hand. Cocking his head to the left while simultaneously throwing a smile, he asked, “Ready?”
Sounding once again sluggish, Baltor said, “No…this…this isn’t right…this can’t be real…nor can any of you! This must be a dream. I—”
He was interrupted as he felt the whip’s painful sting slash open his back.
“Am—”
As before, he was interrupted by the whip’s painful second slash.
“In—”
Thus came the third slash—by then, the first slash had already healed.
“Control!”
This time, when the whip was about to slash into his back, his right hand instinctively caught it, and he yanked it as hard as he could—the end of the whip became yanked out of Humonus’s hand. 
Salmot screamed, “Kill him!”
Hearing that, the Guild charged out of their seats…all now bearing a wide barrage of weapons that had “popped” into his or her hands.
Baltor instinctively assumed the ready position—his feet remained at a ninety-degree stance, and his open-palmed hands hung loose by his sides.
Even though he still could not technically remember any moves at all, he continued to allow “instinct” to guide his body, as to what maneuver he should perform next, ranging mostly from defensive rolls or blocks. Occasionally, he was allowed to execute an offensive strike and knock someone out.
Though wave after wave of attacks came from Lydia, Salmot, and the rest of the High Council, none had hurt Baltor even once by the time this battle inevitably ended, an unknown amount of time after having begun. Everyone but Baltor…knocked out or dead.
Still holding onto a staff that he had acquired from one of the thieves, which was the last of four different weapons Baltor had used throughout the battle, he looked at his hands and noted that they were still boyish—his boyish voice said inside his head,  ‘This is all a dream. Look in the mirror to see your true self, Baltor Elysian, and then you will remember everything.’
Before the next second had even passed, he was already running out into the hallway and toward the mirror. Upon gazing at his boyish face and body, it slowly transformed into that of man, as did his armor, boots and helmet just-as-slowly reappear. Right before the transformation was complete, ten seconds later, his beloved swords appeared in their sheaths on his back.
At the same time, Baltor had regained all his memories, knowledge, wisdom and powers. Without any further delay, he focused on Nemis’ location.
Once he had received the rune in his mind’s eye, he drew it out into the air and a mirror-like portal opened.
He walked through to the other side, observed that he was now standing on the wooden porch of a large wooden house that been built into the branches of a cluster of trees—a tree house. In fact, this was the tree house he had seen when Losifer had opened the portal to Nemis’ home.
Therefore, he opened the front door and entered. Inside he discovered an aesthetically pleasing living room that had two couches and a coffee table in between them. While two of the walls had windows revealing the daylight hours, the other two walls had wood doors. Both doors were open.
While the first bedroom he scanned through appeared to be void of occupants, the other bedroom wasn’t vacant. Inside this wood-paneled room with two windows, there was only one piece of furniture—a wooden bed. Sitting on the far side of this bed was a man with short-cropped blonde hair, very pointy ears. Her back faced Baltor.
Lying over this man’s lap—with a bare bottom pointed up in the air—was a little elfish girl with long brown locks of curly hair—her butt was not just black and blue, yet bleeding quite a bit.
Without a word spoken, Baltor sliced off the man’s head, as he knew that this elf wasn’t real, and that the little girl was Nemis. After sheathing back his sword, he knelt down onto one knee on the floor and extended his hands out in front of him—already had she ran to the corner of the room, and was now cowering in fear.
He said very gently, “I’m not here to kill you, Nemis, I’m here to rescue you…you are not a little girl—you are a powerful magic user—you are my very good friend—you’re just stuck in a nightmare—come back. Your name is Arch-Magus Nemis Harr’n.”
Despite the reassuring words, the girl still looked petrified.
A few seconds later, a brilliant idea popped up in his mind—already his eyes began to seek out the bedroom for any mirrors. Sure enough, there was a mirror hanging on the wall to his left, though he knew-without-a-doubt that he had not seen it before. Perhaps it was because of this dream world?
With a smile, Baltor said, “Hold a second.”
Even though he moved slowly, calmly and gracefully, the little girl still squealed out in fear. After he had pulled the mirror off the wall, he said, “Look in the mirror…you will soon see your true self, Nemis.”
Though fearful, she did…slowly but surely, her girly form changed back into that of a full-grown woman, equipped with all of her robes and possessions, including her staff.
Perhaps thirty seconds later, she stated with clarity and with happiness, “Thank you!”
“You’re welcome…good to have you back, Nemis.”
“Good to be back, Baltor…so, where’s the palace we need to go?”
“I don’t know…we need a map of this world.”
Pointing at a shelf, she stated, “Hey—I think I see such a map on the bookshelf. Maybe it’ll tell us?”
“Maybe…go get it.”
“Hmm…yeah,” she replied, while picking the map up, walking back over to where Baltor stood, looking at the map, and pointing at a spot that had a five-pointed star. With a hint of excitement, she stated, “See, there’s the palace! All we have to do to get there, although I have no idea where here is on this map. Knowing our luck, which hasn’t been all that great so far, we are on the opposite side of the world as this palace—so, with all that in mind, what do you think is the best way to travel?”
“Well, seeing as we’re still in a dream, how about we take advantage of it and fly?”
She asked, “What do you mean? On the carpet?”
“No. Watch!”
With that, he extended his hands straight up over his head, clinched up his fists, looked up into the air, and willed his body to fly up into the air. Not only did he fly, yet had already blasted a nice-sized hole through the ceiling/roof of the wooden house. A sonic boom erupted a split second later.
After Nemis had flown out the hole, but nowhere near as fast as Baltor, she observed that he was already long out of sight. However, as she did not know which way he had gone, she hovered at fifty feet up in the air and waited.
Perhaps ten seconds later, he flew back into Nemis’ view, and waved for her to fly over to his position—she did.
Once she had arrived, Baltor used to telepathy to reveal “this game plan”: En route to this palace, should we happen to spot any guards or monsters, we will need to land on the ground, make ourselves invisible and then fly past them. Once we reach the palace itself, we will need to follow the same procedure by making ourselves invisible, and then flying past all the guards until we reach the throne room—maybe the Arch will be there, but maybe he won’t. If he is, we should be able to sneak our way past him, push the green button, jump into the river, and enter the final plane of HELL…okay?
With a nod, she answered aloud, “Okay.”
In moments, they flew side-by-side at a speed of Mach-3, which was the fastest she could go. Three times the speed of sound…he could go five times.
Ten dreamy hours later without having one run across a single guard the entire way, their eyes spotted the palace far off in the distance—this surprisingly small, thirty-story building rested in the middle of a valley surrounded by jagged mountains. This palace’s exterior walls were three-dimensional movie screens that revealed peoples’ souls who were currently experiencing horrific nightmares of being tortured in a countless amount of ways.
Only a moment later, they landed on the ground ten miles away from the palace, just before she made them both invisible. They next invisibly flew their way up to and through the palace, sneaking beyond the throngs of demonic guards lurking all about, all of whom remained oblivious to their presences the entire time.
By the time they had entered the throne room, they had already observed that this golf-ball-shaped room consisted of millions of tiny TV screens—on each screen was a soul actively suffering in a unique-yet-horrific way than any of his or her counterparts—all of these souls must have personally offended this Arch-Devil. In the very middle of the room sat a sci-fi looking throne with little joysticks placed all over the armrests—for the moment, this throne that could hold a two-hundred-foot tall giant was empty.
Finally yet importantly, there were two other exits, as well a dozen demonic guards posted inside spread along the walls—these guards were far different from any of the other guards in the city. Not only did they possess sci-fi weapons like staffs to laser blasters, yet each face literally transformed from one type of monstrous beast to another—each and every second.
No sooner than the two had entered the throne room, a high-pitched alarm began to blare repeatedly.
Already did he have his swords unsheathed; she held her staff in the ready position. All the while, the two continued to fly straight and true for the throne itself.
Meanwhile, the guards had just begun to teleport within striking distance of the two, of whom these guards had seen enter the room although the pair was invisible—though yet another “fierce battle” commenced, the two continued to fly nonstop for the throne itself, all the while parrying charged weapons and blasts…
When they had neared to one hundred feet of distance from the throne, however, trillions and trillions of flying black insects instantly engulfed not only around the throne itself, yet formed a nearly solid circular perimeter an extra thirty feet.
Despite the never-ending battle against the demons that had never stopped swinging or shooting for even a single second, Baltor was able to make out that these insects were buzzing flies of all varieties, and shapes. In the middle of all the flies, there sat on the throne itself “a really disgusting-looking creature” who Baltor and Nemis presumed to be the Arch-Devil Zebul.
Everything below Zebul’s waist looked just like a two-hundred-foot tall man with pitch-black skin, but everything above the loin-clothed waist looked just like “a monstrous-sized fly”—head, two extra sets of limbs, and of course, a pair of fly wings.
By the time Baltor had gotten “a decent look” at the Arch-Devil, he was only seconds away from plunging into the swarming flies—still he was very relieved that none of the blasts from any of the laser blasts had damaged his swords whatsoever.
A split second before he entered “the cloud of flies,” he wisely not only shut his mouth, yet also his earlobes and nostrils, while instinctively swinging his swords all around his body as he continued to fly forward. At the same time, Nemis followed right behind, using the light from her staff to attract all the flies, and for them to become zapped to smithereens upon contact.
Baltor was six seconds away from slicing the Arch into three new pieces, including its head, but it unexpectedly puked nearly a dozen gallons of its green guts out of its mouth.
Despite his swords that deflected a good portion, as well his helmet that deflected another good portion, the small remaining portion got through; and as the very powerful acids splashed onto his face, through his closed-eyelids and onto his eyes, it painfully began to melt away Baltor’s facial tissue.
Despite the unbelievable amount of pain his face now felt, as well the fact that he was now blind in both eyes, Baltor did not open a single orifice on his head, yet instead focused his mind for the upcoming attack that would happen in two seconds.
Therefore, he was not aware that a chunk of puke had landed on Nemis’ extended right hand, nor did he know that as she was on the exhale when the acids began rapidly melting her flesh, which in turn instinctively caused her to suck in her breath through her nose and mouth, so she could yelp out in pain.
In the time it takes to blink an eye, swarms of flies were already roughly pushing and shoving their way past their brothers and sisters down her throat and into her stomach…she tried her very best to close her mouth, or to even scream, or even to breathe, but all actions were futile. The tens of thousands of flies that were crammed inside continuously vomited and/or ate her flesh…with hundreds of thousands more flies were entering by the second.
Just before Baltor could launch his strike, however, Zebul and most of his flies had teleported into another part of the throne—and thus, both of his swords missed their target.
The only flies left behind in this area were the ones who had just finished dining on Nemis—unfortunately, all that remained of her now was her skeleton, her robes, her cloak, and her staff.
Only two seconds later, the last of the damage on Baltor’s face had healed. After opening his eyes and looking around, he couldn’t help but notice her remains. Anger and rage boiled his blood over.
With a sneer, he looked back over at the Arch-Devil, and roared, “You son of a bitch!”
“Ha ha ha…bring it on, bitch,” Zebul hissed back, now flying up into the air, as a fifty-foot spear suddenly appeared in its hand—not surprisingly, the pointy tip glowed red.
Meanwhile, though most of the guards did not do anything but stand in place, one had snuck his way up behind Baltor’s still-flying position—however, just as this guard swung its glowing-blue sword in order to slice off his opponent’s head, it missed.
Baltor had, only a second earlier, teleported just next to the throne—there, without a moment’s delay, he pushed the one and only green button on the left armrest.
The throne made an electronic, high-pitched noise, just before it slowly began to slide on over to the side, which just-as-slowly began to reveal that the rushing water levels were only inches below the hole itself, coupled with the sounds of rapidly-flowing water.
“You son of a bitch,” Zebul hissed aloud, just before he magically disappeared in a flash.
Strongly suspecting where the Arch-Devil was teleporting to next, Baltor had already teleported to the opposite side of the throne room, while still facing the throne and noting that the hole was now a quarter of the way open. He desperately hoped that the switch would not be reversible until it had opened wide for him to slip through, which was halfway open.
In the beginning of the next second, not only had the Arch-Devil teleported back to the throne, with his back facing Baltor, yet he was just reaching out his free hand, in order to push the red button.
At the same time, Baltor had flung the sword in his right hand with all of his might and power—straight at Zebul’s hairy arm.
Only a nanosecond before Zebul’s equally hairy finger could touch the button, he surprisingly discovered—with a great amount of pain—that his entire arm had just been completely sliced off, dropping helplessly to the ground and flailing about.
After averting his fly-head just a fraction, he peripherally saw Baltor’s other sword flying toward him, spinning rapidly around in tiny circles the entire time.
Instantly, the devil teleported to the other side of the throne, which entrance he discovered was now one-third open.
After Baltor had closed all his orifices but his eyes, he teleported onto the very top of the throne—swords once again in his hands, he made yet another blinding cross-chop with both swords, in order to cut off the devil’s head.
Again, he missed, as the devil had acted like “an annoying fly” and teleported to the opposite side of the throne…but that’s exactly what he was counting on. He forthwith plunge both swords straight behind him right under his armpits.
The tips of both swords plunged deep into the guts of the devil, which caused about a dozen or so gallons of powerful stomach acids to splash all over the place, including all over Baltor’s back—thankfully, the armor was magical and protected him.
Baltor had already performed many simultaneous motions—first, he spun his entire body around on one foot while his other foot firmly braced into his shin, not unlike a ballerina. Second, both arms swung both swords all around his body in a variety of motions, making him look like a spinning top; and third, as a direct result of his swords, the devil’s upper torso and head was quickly getting sliced-and-diced to smithereens.
Only a nanosecond before the devil was about to die—even if but temporary—he teleported to the entrance, in order to heal up.
Meanwhile, not only had Baltor stopped his spin upon feeling that the air was void of flies, yet glanced over at the hole while noting that it was slightly less than halfway open. He leapt headfirst for it.
The very moment before he had arrived at the hole, his swords pointed straight out in front, just before his body plunged into the deep waters that instantly sucked him down the tube.



CHAPTER IX


After Baltor had been blasted like a powerful bomb out “the final pipe” nearly one year later (if time were to exist), these waters henceforth turned to steam and dissipated into this rather-foggy environment—the Ninth Plane of Hell. Barely was he able to see the backdrop of the black mountains versus the dark, dark-red skies.
Just after having landed and somersaulted on the ground, but a few seconds later, his eyes began to feel like he was “hallucinating in a very bad way,” although they had remained open the whole time and his physical feet now stood on solid black dirt. In fact, he had to rub his eyes with his hands and reopen them, just to be sure that this was real and not another dream—it was real.
Spread throughout this chaotic plane, besides the backdrop, existed an unknown amount of temples, as well an unknown amount of impaled souls all on fire. Strange but true—no guards or monsters were seen anywhere.
Now the reason why the quantities of temples and souls continued to remain “unknown,” was because the actual numbers literally changed each and every second. In other words, sometimes there was only one temple with a thousand souls surrounding it—sometimes a dozen temples with a hundred thousand souls—sometimes hundreds of temples with billions of souls—yet on each and every doorway of every single temple was inscribed the very same rune, looking indisputably blasphemous in nature.
Though it was unbelievably difficult for Baltor’s mind to concentrate, thanks to all the craziness he saw, his feet had just begun to run at top speed toward that one temple that never disappeared.
As soon as he arrived at the front steel gates—perhaps seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks, months, or even years later—those gates automatically opened up for him.
Upon entering the courtyard of this temple, Baltor discovered that area consisted of another labyrinth, with three different routes he could choose from—straight, left, or right. Without a second thought, he chose straight.
After running through this winding hallway that felt like minutes, hours, or perhaps days later, he finally arrived at another 3-way intersection—left, straight, and right. He continued to go straight.
Inevitably, this passage opened up into a great hall, consisting of white-and-red marble walls, three very large pebble pathways, and small pools of smoking lava that the pathways surrounded. Though he counted out twelve other exits on this main floor he could choose from, the path directly ahead of him led up to a white, marble staircase that descended down…this is the direction he went.
It was while he was descending these steps—hundreds—thousands—or even millions—that he strangely noted to himself that he still hadn’t seen a single guard yet. Before he had reached the bottom of the stairs, what felt an eternity later, he discovered that this tunnel only went straight for about one thousand feet.
At the end of this tunnel, there stood a gargantuan underground cavern, in which the walls were magma. Ninety-nine percent of the floor happened to be a massive lava lagoon, other than the two paths that circled around the lava itself, and up to the far side of the room, where existed a throne bearing these magnificent qualities—sleek in design, blood-red in color, and not too surprising, occupied.
The occupant, which Baltor automatically presumed to be the Chief of Devils Azalea, possessed the head of a goat with two long spirally horns, a crown of jagged thorns, a five-pointed star imprinted on its forehead, and cloven hooves for feet. As for the attire, she wore black robes, as the gender was obviously female by the well-defined breasts protruding through the very thin material.
Using a woman’s hollow-sounding voice, Azalea sounded “nice and pleasant” as she greeted with a smile, “Come closer…”
After looking at both paths he could choose from—right or left—and seeing no guards on either side, he chose right. As soon as he had begun to walk around this lava, he noted that these extreme temperatures actually bothered him quite a bit…nearly three thousand degrees, his mind tabulated.
Seconds, minutes, hours later…who knew…yet Baltor finally passed beyond the lake when the two paths merged into one—thirty feet away from the throne. He continued to walk forward, with the intentions of stopping ten feet away.
Halfway to his destination, however, his feet unexpectedly found themselves immobile…not from his own doing. Instantly, he dropped to his hands and knees, but again, not of his own doing, but by Azalea’s far-more-powerful willpower.
Now using a man’s hollow, deep voice, the Chief of Devils greeted, “Greetings Sultan Baltor Elysian the XVth. You may now rise to your feet.”
Baltor found that he now had the power to rise, and so he did. He then responded, “Greetings Chief of Devils Azalea, or whatever your lordship or ladyship likes to be called.”
In that female’s voice, Azalea answered, “Titles and names aren’t very important to me…I have many more important issues to deal with, besides titles. Not a single one of my Arch-Devils disputes the fact I rule over ALL HELL and will forever do so. You may call me Azalea. ”
“Thank you, Azalea—like yourself, titles and names aren’t important to me, so you may call me Baltor. Besides, as I’m sure you already know, I am no longer a sultan anyway.”
Once again sounding masculine, Azalea said, “I know, Baltor. So…let’s get down to business, shall we?”
Baltor nodded his head in complete agreement.
Now sounding feminine, Azalea said, “Okay. You came here to rescue Trendon Harrn—your maker and master. So that the two of you can stop the Vompareus, so that they will not conquer everybody and everything…including, as Tiamat and a couple other Arch-Devils stupidly believe, the very hells themselves. Right?”
Baltor nodded.
Now sounding masculine, Azalea said, “Trust me…that’s not going to happen. I rule my Nine Planes quite effectively, as well one other universal plane I own, but I allow all my evil underlings to form their own opinions—hey, free will, man. Right?”
“Can’t argue with that, Azalea,” Baltor answered.
Now sounding feminine, Azalea continued, “I have witnessed almost every action you’ve performed since birth, except the conversations you and Trendon privately shared, including all the transformations you’ve done into the vompareus in your far distant past, so I know all-too-well who you are. I even know your innate nature that you still try to hide and deny, your evil nature, Baltor—I know everything about you. I can see it in you so clearly, of which you struggle with every waking moment, even when you were the ruler of an entire planet. Fighting against your strongest temptations to rip peoples’ necks open and suckle upon their blood and powers, in order to quench your vampiric thirsts…yes?”
“Yes, that’s true,” Baltor answered.
Now sounding masculine, Azalea continued, “And yet you’ve somehow managed to retain your humanity, your pursuit for justice for all, your goodness…even when you entered my throne room, you chose the right path—not the left. This is an unspoken test for all that I allow to come and see me…those who choose that path such as yours inheritably have good traits in their subconscious mind, while the left…evil. Most of my other visitors around here choose the left.”
Baltor replied, “Okay.”
Switching back to feminine, Azalea asked, “So…you want to rescue Trendon Harrn, huh? Well, I’ve got a little game for you Baltor. If you win, you and your master can go about your business. If you lose, your existence will once-and-for-all be extinguished—let’s call this game, ‘my personal game of good vs. evil.’”
Baltor asked, “What game are you proposing?”
After laughing and sighing in a masculine tone, Azalea answered in a man’s voice, “You will fight to the death. ”
“You?”
Switching back to sounding feminine, Azalea laughed a dozen times before answering, “No…if you fought me, you would lose in the first second of our duel. You will fight your cloned anti-soul—named Rotlab. He is equally skilled in martial arts as you are, has superhuman and magical powers just like you, and guess what, he too is a vompareus I have personally controlled since his inception one hundred and twenty years ago—though you are much older and more experienced, I have allowed him to eat three times the meals you’ve eaten! You two will fight to the death in front me…winner takes all.”
“I thought Dreeak the dragon was my anti-soul…”
After laughing one single time in a very masculine tone, Azalea countered in the same tone of voice, “No…you were mistaken. So do you agree to my proposal?”
“How did you clone me?”
Now sounding feminine, Azalea answered, “Ah, very good question with a very easy answer….ha ha ha, from the blood you cried out onto your bed sheets the very night your wife died. I took them. ”
“What will you do with Rotlab if he wins?”
Sounding masculine now, Azalea answered, “He will consume your blood and flesh, absorb all your powers and collected souls, which when combined with his own, will easily allow him to stop and destroy the Vompareus all by himself…once and for all. So do you agree to my proposal?”
Baltor did not answer the question, but asked another question of his own, “What will happen to Trendon Harrn if I lose?”
Once again sounding feminine, Azalea sighed before answering, “He will remain my prisoner for all eternity—I have been slowly draining him of all his collected magical powers anyway, which powers began nearly ten thousand years and thus makes him ‘a pretty damn powerful battery,’ and you know what I mean… So do you agree to my proposal now?”
“How many Watchers have there been overall?”
“Two…he and you…any other questions?”
“No other questions. The answer to your proposal is, yes….I will fight.”
“Very well,” Azalea stated—without looking away, she ordered, “Rotlab…front and center.”
In the blink of an eye, a nearly identical clone—to Baltor—teleported just to the right of the Arch-Devil’s throne, including the two swords sheathed in the black-and-gold sheaths on his back.
One of the few differences was that this clone wore armor similar to Baltor’s old armor. Additionally, the clone’s face appeared very sinister-and-evil—even the angular eyebrows rose in much-crisper angles. Finally, upon closer inspection, Baltor observed that Rotlab’s eyes continued to produce a reddish-colored aura.
Without a second’s delay, Rotlab bowed before Azalea before proclaiming, “It will be a pleasure to kill this wimp, after I’ve tortured the hell out of him first, my Master.” Rotlab and Baltor even sounded alike.
Azalea did not say word but nodded his/her head with a devilish smile.
Rotlab wasted no time, as he leapt into the air straight and true for Baltor. Combat began between the feuding opponents, of who were both utilizing a wide assortment of punches, kicks, acrobatics, blocks, wrestling and martial arts maneuvers—not a single offensive strike ever made it on either opponent, due to the other person’s just as solid defense.
Their most-impressive speed was far, far, far faster than the eye could see…already was Azalea mesmerized, and quite entertained, as he/she sat back on the throne.
Within a minute’s time, swords had already been drawn, just before they began clanging against each other—one, two, three, four, or even as many as twenty-five various strikes in a row. Just like with the martial arts—still being utilized the entire time—not a single individual could get a successful sword strike on the other combatant.
It wasn’t even minute after the battle had begun before both participants started utilizing all their magical powers to the already-spectacular battle—teleporting here and there, flying through the air and/or combating over the lava itself, shooting powerful fireballs, ice-balls, lightning-bolts, or magic missiles at each other, etc., etc. All the while, Azalea could not stop clapping his/her hands in “absolute delight…”
An unknown amount of time later—hours—days—or even weeks later—the inevitable occurred. Rotlab had teleported behind the throne itself, before transforming into the vompareus.
Not even two seconds later, a twenty-foot tall/gargoyle-looking beast emerged—skin the color of onyx, claws and fangs that were a foot-in-a-half in length, and two sets of clawed wings—as soon as the transformation had begun, the swords and armor disappeared.
Nearly right away was combat reengaged, as Baltor ferociously fought against “this monster of all monsters,” still utilizing his swords, powers, and of course, his human mind and instincts—all the while, Rotlab, now with the mind and body of a ravenous and hungry vampiric beast, tried to continuously scratch, stab, and/or bite his most-hated enemy.
Before that same minute was up, Rotlab had only then begun to win the battle, scoring the first wound. A small chunk of flesh and blood shot out from Baltor’s neck from the pointy tip of Rotlab’s claw, which of course wound healed up in the next second.
Rotlab made it a point to use his forked tongue, which operated just like a frog’s, in order to lick up that flesh and blood…and gain still more power.
After days—weeks—or even months later, this never-ending battle had finally begun to take its toll on Baltor…even though he had made his own countless amount of successful strikes, including have once nearly chopped off the entire beast’s massive head, which was the only way he knew how to kill a vompareus.
Not surprisingly, that same wound had healed in the blink of an eye, and in the next blink, IT had managed to teleport away, probably because of Azalea’s interference…moments later, the battle recommenced.
Perhaps a minute after Baltor’s last successful neck attack, the vompareus had its own moment of glory, as its claw penetrated deep through his magical armor, penetrating deep into his lower-abdomen—just like the time when Trendon had made Baltor into a vompareus, Rotlab’s claw also broke off.
Baltor could not help but bite back a scream of horrific pain and agony, while feeling his reality begin to swirl and grow dark…instinct, however, took control and his sword-wielding hands sliced off Rotlab‘s head at the same time.
After the head had landed on the ground, Baltor’s hands threw both swords like darts, aiming for the eyes—his aim proved straight-and-true as they penetrated through the eyes and out the back of the skull. His mind only then realized that he had won the battle and won the game, as he still lived and Rotlab was dead…nothing but a pile of ashes that had already blown away thanks to the winds.
However, in the moment after, Baltor could not help but drop to his knees, as reality became more and more abstract and distant for him—after all, the claw continued to weasel its way under its own power toward his heart.
Immediately, he began to use his hands and pry the claw out with both of his hands, but despite all his efforts, this claw would not come out. Of course, Azalea had begun to laugh, sounding like a maniac.
Once that laughter had ended, Azalea asked, “By the way—remember when I told you that if you were the victor, you could leave with Trendon? Well, I lied… Once you have transformed into the vompareus and your human mind is gone, you will serve only me…the Chief of Devils…as did Rotlab before you.”
“No!” Baltor found himself screaming amongst his pain, as he writhed all over the ground and tried once more to pry out the claw. No go.
“Oh yes you will serve me…Baltor. This is your destiny.”
“I—will—never—serve—you,” he defiantly replied, while fighting with every ounce of his being to stay conscious and focused and pry out the claw, although it was only a half-foot away from his beating heart.
As he looked up only a few seconds later, he saw that Azalea was now standing over him and looking down.
After giving a wink and a crooked smile, Azalea stated, “You are now my slave…and I your master!”
“Noooo!!!” Baltor screamed out. Somehow finding some extra ounce of willpower he never knew he had, he began to yank even harder on the claw that was now only two inches away from his heart.
“Owww,” he screamed out in horrid pain, as he had managed to withdraw it but a single inch. After sucking in yet another deep breath, he yanked on it yet again—again it came out an inch—again came the horrific scream of pain.
“Bravo,” Azalea congratulated. “But all for naught…”
With that, the Chief of Devils took the bottom of his/her heel, and stomped it ever-so-hard into the end of the claw—it ruptured completely through Baltor’s heart in the very next moment.
It was then that Baltor’s lungs and mouth delivered “one final death scream” that lasted until he ran out of breath about a half-dozen seconds later. It was then that his human mind died as the beastly-vompareus emerged!
Only a second later—a second before the physical transformation could be complete—he lost consciousness at the same time his body became teleported into oblivion! Neither he nor Azalea had caused this teleportation to occur…



CHAPTER X


For an unknown amount of time to pass, Baltor would remain dead-dead-dead…therefore it was “absolutely shocking” to him when he had returned to the state of consciousness and could feel his entire physical body, yet was no longer in any pain.
Before he had reopened his eyes, in which he saw a reddish-hue, the underside of his body—feet, legs, rear, back, shoulders, neck and head—felt a soft and cottony bed. Regarding his fingers, they interlaced on top of his chest, in which he wore some thin, cotton robes. Just as unexplainable as everything else, his ears continued to hear a steady, gentle, cool, whistling breeze, as if he and his comfortable bed were now located somewhere outside on a late-spring day. After all, the cozy temperatures happened to be seventy degrees.
Upon opening his eyes and looking all around, in order to figure out where he was now, he discovered with even more shock that he was lying in no bed at all, but in the smack center of an abstractly shaped, fluffy, white cloud with clear-blue skies. There was no sign of the ground. In fact, the only other object that he could see besides this single cloud was the yellow sun that existed even higher up there to his right.
He immediately sat up and assumed the lotus position, just before he began to examine himself. He first noticed that his wounds were gone, yet so were his battle armor, helmet and boots—he now was wearing thin white robes that stretched down to his kneecaps. He did not have to check behind his shoulders, in order to grasp his swords, as he knew they were also gone.
While looking around one final time in order to find his belongings, but not observing them anywhere, he rose to his feet before stating aloud, “I must be dead. So where the hell am I now?”
Coming from behind him, he heard an all-too-familiar woman’s voice say softly, “You’re no longer in hell, my love of loves…”
Upon recognizing his wife’s voice, which his physical ears had not heard for almost two centuries, Baltor felt goose bumps run up and down his back, his arms, even his legs—over and over again.
He slowly turned around, expecting there to be a hideous monster or devil who had stolen his wife’s voice in order to trick him, but there she was, standing only five feet away…looking like she was twenty-years-old again, and gazing at him with star-filled eyes. Like him, she donned a simple white robe that dropped down to her kneecaps.
Perhaps a minute of silence passed as the two stared at each other—Baltor was the very first to break that silence by asking, “Where am I? Who are you?”
“You are in heaven, Baltor, and you know exactly who I am,” she answered with a light laugh. Immediately, she ran toward him and leapt into his arms, wrapping her arms around his shoulders and her legs around his waist.
Not another second passed before she was kissing away all over his face and neck, with the occasional kiss upon his lips—he had not realized how much he missed her until this moment in time. Although his brain continued to partially disbelieve what was happening and that this still was some sort of devilish trick, his mouth still could not help but release a few chuckles. It felt like only yesterday since they had kissed, yet he had never forgotten the way her lips felt…so wonderful…she had to be real!
Leaning back so she could look at her husband’s face, especially his eyes, she asked, “What are you laughing at, mister?”
“You, Mrs. Elysian…I missed you.”
“You know I missed you so very much too, Mr. Elysian…even while being here in heaven. Yet, I also know that you have so much more to accomplish in your life, while mine is over. Therefore, I will be patient until you are done with your lifespan—then, we can spend eternity together…you, all our wonderful friends, and I! Humonus, Cheo, Chelsea, Yaush and Jimnee to name a few.”
“Why—why do I still have a purpose in life to fulfill? I’d rather spend the rest of eternity with you right here and now…and be done with life with all of the corruption and evil and hatred and lies that go on in it.”
Instead of answering his question, she slowly stepped back down to her feet, before taking a single step back. At the same time, her hands gently slid down from around his shoulders until clasping both of his hands—he felt chills everywhere she touched him.
Only after looking back up into his eyes did she answer softly, “Because…you are the Chosen One, so accept your ‘destiny.’ Instead of us fretting all about our future in the short time we have together right now, please let us bask in each other’s company. Will you now lay down with me on this cloud and hold me?”
“Of course, my wife,” he answered, just before lying down on the clouds and doing just that.
In turn, she leaned her entire body against his, including her head that now rested on his shoulder so she could keep looking into his face. He had never stopped looking at her…deep inside he was a tiny bit afraid that if he looked away, she would disappear and then he would be alone.
Perhaps a minute later, she sighed before asking, “Baltor?”
“Yes?”
“Do you still love me?”
“Yes, my love and my Sultaness…with all of my heart, mind and soul.”
“Please tell me those famous three words…that’s what I really miss hearing from you the most.”
After releasing a chuckle, Baltor replied, “I…love…you.”
“And I love you,” she replied, just before repositioning her body so she was now lying on top of him, looking down towards him, deep into his eyes. “Now kiss me,” she moaned.
“With pleasure,” he replied with a crooked smile. No longer was there a single doubt in his mind that she was “his one true love.”
While returning the smile, she leaned down until their lips finally caressed…at first, the kisses and the touching were slow and tender, but soon they turned more and more fiery and passionate. Before long, they had the opportunity to consummate their love and their marriage…whether this timeframe had taken hours, days, or even weeks, neither husband nor wife knew or cared. Once it was all over, however, Baltor felt himself growing sleepier and sleepier as he lay there.
Still breathing heavily, she repositioned herself next to her husband, just before beginning to make little circles around his right nipple. A moment later, she said, “That…was so…wonderful, my sweet love.”
His eyes had already closed, as he continued to relax, yet bask in their time together.
No longer breathing heavily, she asked a minute later, “Husband?”
After releasing a deep yawn, he opened up his eyes, looked down at her, and then answered her question with his own question, “Yes?”
“Please reclose your eyes, relax, and listen carefully to what I have to say. Good…I really, really, really want to thank you for spending this time with me…and I want you to know that I will be perfectly okay until we are once-and-for-all reunited, forever and ever. Like I told you before my physical death, you are allowed to date other women—I don’t want you to be lonely. In other words, please do not worry about me like you have done in the past.”
“As you command, my Sultaness,” Baltor answered. “May I open my eyes, so that I can look at you again? Even though I’m tired, really exhausted, I already miss seeing your face.”
“Of course, my Sultan,” she answered back.
He opened his now very sleepy eyes and, sure enough, Brishava was still Brishava. She looked more radiant than she had ever before, and for now, there was a white, auric glow that resonated around her entire being…his eyes couldn’t help but tear up. For the first time in centuries, his tears came out as salty water…not blood.
After leaning over and kissing his lips gently, she couldn’t help but caress his cheek with her hand, while replying with her own joyous smile, “You’re welcome, my husband!”
As her smile slowly disappeared, she never stopped caressing him as she added, “Unfortunately, the time is nearing for me to leave…and there are others who are waiting who wish to speak with you alone. But first, the time has come for us to both fall asleep together…just you and I. Remember, although you are no longer the Sultan of the Sharia Empire, you will forever and ever be my Sultan…and, I love you…”
Baltor sucked in a quick breath before leaning his head and neck forward, and lightly kissing his beautiful wife’s forehead for nearly ten seconds—indeed, he was tired as he leaned his head back onto the cloud.
His eyes could not help but close, just before his lungs sucked in another deep breath. Yawning, he said, “I love you…”
In turn, she breathed her own deep breath, before slowing releasing it. After she taken her next breath, she sounded just as sleepy as she said, “Forever will I love you…good night, my love.”
They fell asleep the very next moment.
An unknown amount of time later, he became awakened by the sounds of a single hollow masculine voice, greeting aloud, “Baltor—welcome.”
The only strange quality about this voice was that it sounded like it was coming from all around Baltor’s position—Brishava was gone.
At the same time, Baltor’s body had involuntarily pivoted forward into the prone position, so he was now laying on his belly—with his arms outstretched straight over his head, his forehead gently caressing the cloud’s very soft surface, and his unblinking eyes gazing down at the cloud itself. The presence he felt all around was not evil…whatsoever. Good.
Unable to move an inch, other than his mouth, Baltor continued to look at the cloudy surface while asking, “Who are you?”
The voice answered, “We are the Arch-Angels from the Creator, yet we are also His direct communications link, so He hears all that you say when you talk to us, and we speak for Him when He has a message to relay. You may now rise to your feet.”
Though looking very confused all the while, he rose to his feet, observing only now that seven masculine angels wearing glowing white robes and flying in the air with feathery white wings surrounded him. Floating an inch above each angelic head was a golden halo that glowed as brilliant as the sun.
The Arch-Angels said, with one single voice, “The Creator allowed us to save you a nanosecond before your existence could be permanently snuffed. As well you were allowed to have some quality time with your wife, Brishava.”
Baltor could only ask, “Why?”
“The Creator has been observing your free-willed progress, Baltor Elysian, ever since your birth and all the way to your final second with the Chief of Devils, Azalea—every last second of it.
“HE knows that you were born and plunged into a world of violence, yet you have done no wrong…in fact, you have very wisely played the cards you’ve been dealt—even the nastiest card of all, when the Chief of Devils reneged his bet-and-deal, after you honorably won the duel against Rotlab. That is why you were rescued and rewarded.”
“I see…thanks be to the Creator,” Baltor said with a great amount of appreciation, “Like never before, I greatly feared turning into the vompareus beast, and forced to serve Azalea for all of eternity. I tried my very best to get out of that situation.”
The Arch-Angels replied, “We know…your heart, mind and soul are so strong, young man, despite the monster that simultaneously dwells in you, which was the initial cost of your immortality. However, you found a way around even that, as did your master before you…by utilizing the cah-su-cahn berries to quench your thirst.
“Furthermore, what you accomplished as the sultan of an entire world was far more impressive, especially because you acquired your lands peacefully, except those times when your nation was attacked first. Most rulers are both conquerors and tyrants in nature.
“Even more impressive than that, believe it or not, was the moment when you sacrificed your entire empire and world for your master, as you selflessly entered into the Nine Planes of Hell in order to rescue him. Which by the way, were some of the most astonishing feats the Creator has ever seen since Time first began. Indeed, your master made a very wise choice when he selected you as his apprentice, of which profession the Creator now not only condones, yet endorses—the Watchers.”
A suspicious look crossed Baltor’s face, just before his mind began to consider the possibility that this “reality” might just be another “devilish trick!”
Before he could speak out his suspicions, which he was about to do, the Arch-Angels stated, “As well you should be suspicious considering your history, young man. When I tell you to, Baltor Elysian, close your eyes in which you will see only darkness…and count out sixty seconds. If darkness is all that you continue to see on the sixty-first second in your mind’s eye, then you will know this is but ‘a devilish trick.’
“However, if on that sixty-first second, the most brilliant sun you’ve ever seen appears in the very middle of that darkness inside your mind, this light will enlighten you to the Truth, you will know that we—on behalf of the Creator—only speak Truth. Remember now, do not stop counting the seconds until your physical eyes are forced to reopen, and gnosis is achieved…understand?”
“Yes.”
“Close your eyes.”
He did. As the Arch-Angels had forecast, his eyes inside his mind saw “a thick impenetrable blackness”—his mind had already begun to count out the seconds.
On the sixty-first second, the most-brilliant sun illuminated in the middle of that darkness, appearing perhaps a million light years away. The space was devoid of any other sources of light—no suns, no moons, no stars—in this black and infinite space, he knew that this sun was the center of it all…not he.
On the seventy-eighth second, he gazed back toward the sun, observing only that one of its most brilliant rays was now steadily extending out toward him…still another sixty seconds did he mentally count before that ray first caressed his forehead.
And on the one hundred and thirty-eighth second, his physical eyes had no choice but to instantly reopen, yet his mind, heart and soul no longer had any doubts whatsoever that the ray of light from the sun that had touched him was—in fact—“THE VERY HAND OF THE CREATOR!”
Baltor was once again standing on the cloud and surrounded by angels. Furthermore, he discovered that he was now wearing his skullcap helmet, armor and boots. His hands reached back over his shoulders, only to feel the solid yet comforting grips of his swords.
The Arch-Angels said in one voice, “Now that all doubt is gone, think carefully before you speak next, as we will answer two more questions for you.”
Perhaps ten seconds later, Baltor asked his first question, “What’s to happen to me now?”
The Arch-Angels answered, “We are going to give you one more chance in ‘the game of life,’ by sending you back to the Ninth Plane of Hell, so that you can fulfill your purpose and rescue your master. Once rescued, he will know what the two of you will have to do as ‘a team,’ in order to stop the Vompareus once and for all; and if everything works right, thus become the heroes to the entire universe…although 99.9999% of the entire population will never even know of your heroic deeds or existence. If, however, he or you die at any time in the future, your games are forever over.”
“Hmm,” Baltor said quite thoughtfully.
Nearly ten seconds later, another question formed at the tip of his mind—having telepathically heard it, and considering it a wise question indeed, the angels answered, “Your question was: ‘What’s the point in having good versus evil?”
Baltor slowly nodded his head in agreement.
The Arch-Angels answered, “This answer, like all answers, is simple, yet not-so-simple: since the Beginning of Time, the forces of good and evil have combated each other for universal supremacy, with races and factions of all different types and levels. It was a game established by the Creator to see which power is ultimately stronger, all the while testing peoples’ faith and wills on both sides of the game board.”
After giving Baltor a few moments to contemplate these words, the Arch-Angels added, “At the End of Time, there can and will be only one victorious winner—good or evil. No matter which side wins, in the end, the good and the evil will be separated from one another and judged accordingly—souls of the neutral alignment shall make a choice at this time. The evil will forever be removed from the Creator’s light…if any of the planes of hell; ‘hell’ literally being ‘without the light of God,’ is where evil would prefer to live, then that is the soul’s choice, which choice shall be granted by the Creator. Never shall this game happen again…and forever after shall the two groups remain separated.”
Baltor asked, “A game, huh? Do you even know the winner?”
The Arch-Angels responded, “Two more good questions, you ask; nonetheless, neither inquisition will be considered because your two allotted questions have just been answered. All we can suggest is that if you keep on the same path as you are going, we feel confident you will inevitably have all questions answered by the end of your lifespan, or the End of Time, whichever comes first. Good luck to you, son.”
Not even a second later, Baltor found himself back in the Ninth Plane. Like the dream he had long ago experienced, he now stood in the room with the glowing-red runes written all over the walls, ceiling and floor. In the center of the room lay a human-sized table—and strapped to the table was an unconscious man, badly beaten and tortured. Nobody else was around…yet.
Baltor rushed over to free Trendon, but enroute he began to wonder if his hands might not be able to physically touch the handcuffs, Trendon’s flesh, or anything at all?
Deciding to try no matter what, his hand reached out for the cuffs holding the man’s wrist down. Unlike the dream, this time his hand touched both cold cuffs and warm flesh. Therefore, he ripped the first set…the man slightly groaned, but remained steadfastly unconscious.
Baltor then proceeded to rip off the other set of handcuffs, before making his way over to the man’s feet. As soon as he had removed the final cuff, he next lifted the man off the table, slung him over his shoulder, and concentrated his mind upon the black tower in the Galgaa Jungles. This was where he had first met his master nearly two hundred years ago, and only fifty years ago, the apprentice had transformed this very place into his own personal magical rune laboratory.
Sure enough, a rune appeared in the apprentice’s mind’s eye, just before a portal opened up in the middle of the air only a few feet away, revealing the jungle area where his invisible tower still stood on top of the great hill with only prairie grass surrounding it—no trees.
Without any further delay, he stepped through that portal, shutting it behind him with but a willed thought.
Yet with another willed thought, the front door (also invisible) to the tower opened, revealing the inside of the door, as well the foyer that was now lit up by torches, revealing a solid spiral staircase led both up and down.
Once inside, he willed the door closed—it did.
He immediately teleported them both to the top of the tower, where existed the only bedroom. Once there, he ever-so-gently set the still-unconscious man down onto the bed.
Taking a closer medical examination at Trendon, Baltor became quite a bit surprised to see that the man’s wounds were healed without a single scratch or scar, yet he was still unconscious.
Baltor gently asked, “Master…master…can you hear me? It’s me…Baltor. I’ve rescued you from hell—you’re safe now in your tower. Can you hear me?”
“Ahhh,” Trendon groggily said, not yet having opened his eyes. “Yes, yes I can hear you. I just feel like I’ve come out of a horrible, horrible nightmare…please give me a few seconds to recuperate.”
Baltor could not help but laugh as he said, “Yeah, I know exactly what you mean…hell is definitely hell! But you’re alive and undamaged, at least physically. I’m sure that you’ll be all right, sir.”
“I already am, my apprentice,” he said as he sat up and opened his eyes, which pupils revealed prismatic lights that sparkled. “Thank you very much…I shall forever be in your debt.”
“You are very welcome. By the way, the seven Arch-Angels—on behalf of the Creator—told me that HE now condones and supports the new master race called the Watchers.”
“He did?”
“Yes.”
“Just so you are aware, that had it not been for His Divine Intervention, I would not have successfully rescued you on my own, though I was so close to winning near the end. In the end, however, I was double-crossed by the Chief of Devils, which is why the Creator saved me.”
“Well done, my apprentice…”
Baltor cleared his throat twice, before adding, “He also told me you would know what to do in order to stop the Vompareus once and for all.”
“Yes I do,” Trendon replied with confidence. “Although this task will not be easy, not by any stretch of the imagination, I have little doubt we will be successful in the end, especially because you were able to survive the Nine Planes on your own, for the most part. After all, you are here, safe and sound…as am I.”
“Oh, sir…though I could write an entire book about what happened in those nightmarish planes, not to mention the monsters I saw and/or had to fight, yet there are two things I must say right here and now.”
“Yes?”
Baltor hesitated a few seconds before answering, “First, I promised to Tiamat—on my word of honor—that I would make sure that the rod was destroyed…after we’ve locked the Vompareus in their realm. I must abide by my promise, as I am a man of honor.”
“I understand and respect your honor and promise…yes, we will destroy the rod. That way, there will never again be a threat like this sitting on our doorsteps.”
“Perfect!”
Trendon asked, “And the second?”
Baltor cocked his back before he asked, “What happened to my dear friend, Nemis?”
“Ah…sad but true, but she is spending her one thousand year sentence with Losifer on the Seventh Plane.”
Looking a bit confused, Baltor asked, “How is that possible when she died on the Eighth Plane?”
“Remember we’re talking about hell here. After her body was physically destroyed by Zebul, her soul automatically teleported to Losifer’s plane—she had, after all, made ‘a deal with the devil.’”
After taking a deep breath through his nose, Baltor breathed out his first two responding words, “I see…. So, what’s going to happen to her once that millennium is over, especially since she’s no longer alive?”
“That’s a very good question, Baltor…hold on,” Trendon said just before he closed his eyes.
Only a few moments later, he opened his eyes before answering, “Well, it appears that she will then be sent to the 1st Plane of Heaven until the End of Time, as her lifespan is once-and-for-all over—although she wore the robes of an evil sorceress and performed a lot of black magic in her life, her motives were pure. It is up to the Creator to decide what happens to her for the rest of eternity…”
A handful of seconds later, Baltor responded, “I see.”
“Is this a problem?”
“No, not really. But I am concerned about her welfare, I must be honest.”
“Baltor, that’s perfectly understandable, especially since you spent years in a timeless abode with this incredibly beautiful, charismatic and intelligent woman. Now I don’t know who you’re attracted to more—she or Brishava—but you’re not even close to retirement.”
Nodding his head, Baltor replied, “If I had a choice, it would be Brishava. She was my wife…whom I still love very much. It was so wonderful to spend some quality time with her.”
Trendon nodded his head once, before saying jubilantly, “That’s fantastic! I’m glad for you…”
“Appreciated.”
Still smiling, Trendon said, “There’s something else you should know…you haven’t become a Master Watcher, yet. If all works well, it will be upon my retirement that you will have the opportunity to take my place. In addition, if the future allows your apprentice to become a master in ten thousand years from now, once you have retired, you will be free to spend the rest of eternity with your wife! However, I will give you one final opportunity to change your mind and go to her now, although without you, I will most likely lose this war.”
“I haven’t changed my mind, sir…I’m ready to go with you.”
“Well, would you like to take one week’s vacation with me on a tropical island, indulging in the lap of luxury…or are you ready to begin planning out our mission to save the universes and realms?”
Baltor released a deep sigh before answering, “Umm, can we go get a couple of ales and relax at a bar just for a couple of hours…I know I can’t get a buzz from alcohol, but I just want to be in a social setting…yeah?”
“Sounds like a splendid idea,” Trendon answered with a smile and a nod. His smile dissipated upon looking at his dirty body and torn-up loincloth, and so he said with pursed lips, “No…this will not do.”
After snapping his fingers one time, his body was not only clean and his curly brown hair neatly groomed and gelled back, yet he was now wearing clean gray robes and boots. “Ready?”
“Yes, sir.”
Trendon snapped his fingers once again and a portal opened up in the middle of the air.
The backdrop on the other side of the portal consisted of a night sky that intermixed with a cobblestone alleyway—only about twenty feet wide. On both sides of the alley, there stood a unique-looking, middle-class, one-story home, in which there was a back door located at each unit, yet not a single window.
The alley intersected with a much-wider cobblestone street perhaps a hundred feet away…yet as of now, there was no traffic or pedestrians. On the far side just beyond the sidewalk, there stood a one-story tall bar, evident not only by the smoke that continuously poured out the chimney, yet by the large sign hanging on the wall above the door that read in the language of Thoriumite: Second Chance Bar and Grill
After Trendon had gestured with a polite wave of his right hand for Baltor to enter first, he followed behind—once on the other side, he willed the portal to shut and it obeyed.
For only a moment did Baltor look back, observing that his master’s eyes were no longer glowing. His gaze then moved forward, before his feet began to walk at a normal pace toward the door of the bar.
A few steps later, the master walked side-by-side with the apprentice—the closer to the bar they moved, the louder they heard the sounds of someone melodiously playing the flute. Even as they passed across the street, they saw not a single pedestrian or horseback rider or anyone.
Upon entering the bar, not to anyone’s surprise, it was for the most part empty, except for the five patrons in their fifties or sixties sitting on the barstools at the far end of the bar—two females and three males.
Standing behind the bar, washing mugs was the barmaid—she appeared to be in her early forties, but held a rare beauty—not just pretty in her face and her striking-blue eyes, but the most striking quality about her was her shoulder-length, curly, vibrant blonde hair. Her black attire consisted of a low-cut, v-necked tunic and short-shorts that accented her curvaceous figure. Besides her knee-high socks and comfortable-looking shoes, she also wore a waist apron, which had the name of the bar imprinted on the front in gold letters.
Sitting on a barstool in the far-right corner of the building, facing the front door was a man who looked to be in his late fifties, evident by the wrinkles in his skin and his silver hair that hung long enough to be pulled back into a foot-long ponytail. He was a musician playing his flute, while looking upon some sheet music—perhaps a dozen or so sheets of music rested on an angular metallic stand in front of him.
Without stopping, Baltor and Trendon worked their way over to a corner booth, located opposite the musician. They sat on opposite sides of the booth.
It seemed only moments later before the barmaid approached the table. With a wide smile of pearl-white teeth, she greeted, “Top of the evening to ya. So what’ll it be?”
“I’ll have a mug of Bolinsky Ale, please,” Baltor said, while returning the smile.
Trendon pointed two fingers up in the air, before saying, “I’ll have the same…thanks.”
“Sure thing,” the woman said, before pivoting around quickly to get their drinks. Periodically, her eyes darted back to admire both men.
Leaning forward in his seat, Baltor said in a low volume of voice, “So, master…I can’t say I learned a lot about you in hell. Why don’t you tell me about your history?”
Speaking at a normal volume, Trendon answered right away, “My pleasure…let me begin by saying that unlike your parents who were middle class, mine were royalty, and I was born in wealth and inside a fortified castle.
“My father’s name and noble-title was Baron Viktor Harrn, and my mother’s name and title was Baroness Alexandra…both parents justly ruled over a thousand square miles of both land and sea, which nation contained eight thriving cities and dozens more smaller towns! Because my mother lost her childbearing capabilities two years after my birth when my younger sister Ruth was born, she remained my only sibling.”
He was interrupted him from his tale when the barmaid returned, setting two quart-sized mugs of foaming ale onto the table—she still bore that ear-to-ear smile on her pretty little face. Sounding as sweet as pie, she asked, “Is there anything else I can get either of you handsome men?”
“No thank you, my lady,” Trendon was the first to answer with a little smile. Baltor simply shook his head.
After a quick nod, she said neutrally in the next, “Well…holler over if you need anything, and just so you know, we do have menus and daily food specials—I’ll be right over there behind the bar.” She pointed to the far end of the bar, where sat two empty barstools.
“Thank you,” Baltor said with an appreciative nod.
Shortly after both men had taken a nice pull, Trendon stated, “During my early years of youth, my mother often told me that I was the spitting image of my father without the beard, especially in my lordly mannerisms. She found it adorable whenever I paced around with my little hands clasped behind my little back, like my father so often did. He was my hero for most of my childhood.”
Baltor smiled, just before he took another long drink.
Trendon did not smile or drink, but continued on, “Like most heirs to the throne, my sister and I had a unique daily schedule we had to strictly abide by—different from each other. Beginning at six in the morning every morning, my very own training instructor and weapons master, Lord Rugs, would wake me up, always politely. Following an hour-long workout, in which he worked out with me every day, he would train me in all sorts of weapons, yet most particularly, the sword—I became an excellent fighter and could quickly disarm most others of their weapons. Still, rare was the time that I could disarm Lord Rugs…”
It was at this point that Trendon took a nice drink—after swallowing, he pointed his index finger into the air and said, “Once training was over, typically at eight-thirty, I had to shower, get dressed and be in the dining hall by nine…for breakfast with my family. Breakfast usually lasted between thirty minutes and an hour, as my parents loved to talk between eating. Following that, my sister and I had a special private teacher named Lady Gamen. She instructed us in all our academic education needs…needful to say, my sister and I have always been quick learners.
“Following school came lunch, which oftentimes had senior-ranking officers, and/or ambassadors, and/or royalty from other nations. If that lunch was just with family, my sister and I were next given a two hour-long class by my father, who taught us both how to think, utilizing morality, justice, strategy and order—just as quickly as everything else did we become excellent leaders. If father didn’t teach us, Lady Gamen did. Following school, my sister and I spent the next couple of hours playing until dinner.”
After releasing a single chuckle, Trendon’s eyes lit up like stars as he said with pride, “Shortly before I had turned sixteen, my parents both felt I had shown my qualities…so that very night of my birthday party in front of everyone, I was promoted via an elaborate ceremony to ‘Lord-Knight.’ This party had more than a quarter of a million people in attendance…the city was packed with citizens and foreigners from all parts of the continent.”
Trendon chuckled a few times, before saying, “My father enthusiastically declared to everyone that upon his demise, whenever that time came, I would be appointed the next ‘Baron of Harrnsforte.’ Harrnsforte—for informational purposes—was the name of our Capital City as well our Nation. Neither he nor I could foresee what the nearby future held in store for me!
“For, six months and eight mornings later, the day inevitably came when father asked me, during the course of family breakfast, to go to the Library of Harrnsforte, and retrieve a book, The Sieges of War. Before I had the chance to go, he immediately began to brief me, at length, that this particular book dealt with some of the best military strategies that I was only now ready to learn. Of course, I agreed. After tethering my stallion near the front door of the library almost an hour later, a librarian standing at the entrance greeted me pleasantly, by my name and rank—he asked me if I wanted assistance finding a book. I thanked him, but declined.”
He took another small drink, before saying, “While randomly scanning amongst the hundreds of alphabetized shelves located in the library for the book, my eyes happened to scan a particular book sitting upon the ‘N shelf’—an ancient-but-immaculate blue book, which glinted the two silvery words, Natural Magic.
“Curious, I pulled this book off the shelf, located the other book my father wanted me to read, and took both books back home—because I was royalty, I didn’t have to check them out of the library like everyone else.
“After getting back home, I henceforth went into my room, closed the door, sat on my bed, and began to read Natural Magic. I quickly discovered that it contained about a half-dozen cantrip spells, which all dealt with utilizing a series of related natural elements like herbs, stones, crystals, etc., and then combining them with the proper series of words and symbols—when performed correctly, the spell succeeds…
“Four nights later, after I had procured all the necessary items to create a ‘flaming finger spell,’ I cast the spell—to my dismay, a foot-long flame shot forth from the tip of my right index finger and lasted for about ten seconds!
“When I demonstrated this spell successfully to my father and mother the following morning, instead of them becoming joyous as I had anticipated, my parents became ‘furious!’ Immediately my father used his belt to whip me into a black-and-blue color. Besides the beating, not only did he ground me for an entire month, yet he burned the book in front of my tear-filled eyes!”
After taking another hearty drink, Trendon said, “Despite his severe punishment and warnings, I knew that magic, and not royalty, was going to be my way of life. So in secret, I continued to study other similar books from the library for two more years but learned next-to-nothing; that is, until the day came when Fate threw her hands into the mix…
“While I was patrolling with a dozen of my soldiers through the bazaar, we rode by a parked wagon that had an attached canopy, parked on the outskirts of this bazaar. Three large metallic tables had been laid out underneath the canopy—side by side—these tables contained hundreds of tiny ceramic pots, in which each pot had a different type of plant or flower.
“Furthermore, someone had tied a red hemp rope between all the posts of the canopy at waist-level, in order to keep people from entering, in which there were a ton of kids and even a few adults hanging outside the canopy and watching some sort of entertaining show, evident by the frequent cheering and applause going on. I only understood the reason for all the applause once we had drawn close. Standing in between the ropes and the table was an old man who wore monk-brown robes—like a pro, he was juggling six glowing magical orbs in between both hands! My men and I were awestruck as we watched from on top of our horses at the sidelines until he had finished his act, a half-minute after our arrival, which climactic conclusion involved shooting those orbs at six different pumpkins he had laid out about forty feet away…each orb blasted each pumpkin to smithereens!”
After taking a deep breath, slowly releasing it, and taking another deep breath, he added, “I had no doubt that this man was a wizard, and this was the man I must to talk to…alone. Therefore, I ordered my lieutenant to take command of the squad and finish the patrol—without question, he did as I ordered. After they were gone, I tethered my horse at a nearby bar. By the time I had returned to the canopy to find the wizard, most of the crowds had dispersed as the show was over, and the wizard had opened up the hemp gates. With only a few remaining people under the canopy that were gazing at the plants as the wizard watered them. I boldly walked up to him and revealed my identity, history, and the fact that I could cast a few minor cantrips…all in about ten minutes time.”
After taking another small sip, Trendon added, “Looking skeptical, he asked me to demonstrate a cantrip of my choosing, and so, I clutched a tight hold of my tiny onyx crystal in my right pocket with my right hand, closed my eyes and focused my mind for about thirty seconds on the only illusion-cantrip I had learned. On the thirty-first second, everything above my neckline looked identical to the wizard—very wrinkled face, sky blue eyes, silver hair, everything. I opened my eyes, only to notice that his mouth had dropped open in shock to see a warrior like me casting a cantrip. Once the illusion had faded, about thirty seconds later, he asked me if I would become his apprentice and travel with him from town-to-town. I agreed without hesitation.”
Just then, the beautiful barmaid had come back, still with a sweet smile on her face. She asked, “Are you men ready for another round?”
“Yes, mam,” Trendon answered without even looking at his mug to see how full it was. “Please…”
“Make that two,” Baltor added.
“Sure thing, handsome,” she said with a wink.
Trendon asked, “Am I boring you yet, or would you like to hear more about my history?”
Breathing out a light laugh, Baltor answered, “I want to hear more…”
Trendon cleared his throat twice before continuing to say, “Okay…well, without telling my parents, I disappeared off into the night with my master. For the next seven years, I trained under his direct tutelage learning a ton of spells, while traveling from town to town. On the eighth year, my master and I happened to be traveling through some jagged, snow-capped mountains that surrounded some lush, fertile valleys, and he had left me in charge to make camp while he scoured around for new plants.”
A sour expression crossed his face, as he stated, “Unfortunate for him, a black dragon¸ Dreeak’s mother, as a matter of fact, happened to fly by around noontime and spot what she thought would make a quick-and-easy lunch. She was wrong! Although a fierce battle immediately waged between the two opponents on all levels: In the end, three days and nights later, the dragon won. I watched invisible from the sidelines, shocked and horrified, as she ate my master like he was a piece of jerky before spitting out only his robes and boots and then flying away…I grieved for three days.”
Moments later, his facial expression turned from sorrow to neutral before he stated, “After donning his robes and taking his wagon southwest toward my hometown of Harrnsforte, I soon after came to discover a little interior pocket located inside the robes, containing a platinum necklace with an attached magical emerald amulet. Never before had I ever heard or seen this necklace or emerald…”
Trendon gave a few seconds for Baltor digest this information, before he continued, “Once back at my hometown, nearly seven months later, I posted job ads just about everywhere for anyone requesting the services of magic users, which was a semi-rare—but not unheard of—type of profession in my world. Oh, by the way, my world is altogether different from yours…dwarves, goblins, trolls, magic, dragons, vampires, etc., and all those other type of mythical creatures and unproven concepts on this world are considered norm and proven on mine…ahhh, great! Our lovely bartender is back with our drinks…excellent.”
Sure enough, the barmaid was back, carrying two overflowing mugs of ale. Upon setting them down and noticing that neither of these men had yet finished their first mug, she then headed on over to appease her other regular customers.
Only once she was out of earshot did Trendon reveal, “Several days after my arrival, a meeting was arranged in the bar of an inn between an elf captain and me. Once I had proven my magical abilities to him in the alleyway behind the bar by creating a fireball that slammed into the ground and created a ten-foot deep hole, he forthwith requested that I accompany their large convoy to the elfish city of V’asana. This city existed fifteen hundred miles to the southeast of Harrnsforte, on the furthest southeastern corner of the continent…at least a two-year journey.”
After another short pause without interruption, Trendon continued, “The captain informed me that the one-and-only reason they were looking for a magic user at all was because their own elf mage had been killed three days before, as well two dozen of their elf soldiers…in an ambushed attack by an entire division of goblins.”
He was about to continue with his story, but the musician unexpectedly played the final note of his song, nodded his head, and said just above the din of the crowd, “Thank you, thank you…”
The patrons and the barmaid had already begun to applaud and cheer with a whole lot of enthusiasm—of course, Baltor and Trendon clapped their hands a half-dozen times, because the musician had played well.
Once the clapping and applause had abated, the musician stated with a warm smile and a wave of the hand, “Thanks again…I’m going to take a fifteen minute break, but I will be back.”
Without haste, he set the flute down on the stand, rose to his feet, walked on over toward the other side of the bar, and sat down in the stool next to the barmaid. The two then began to talk quietly.
Meanwhile, Trendon muttered, “Goblins are oftentimes the slave-soldiers of dark gnomes—and both species are very evil, subterraneous creatures that are enemies even unto their own families, except when they are united under a single cause of an even more powerful evil race, which is a very rare but not unheard of.
“Fortunately for you, those few dark gnomes that escaped into the deepest recesses of the earth after ‘The Gnome Wars’ ended were only sterile clones. Otherwise your world would have had another epidemic that could have reached cataclysmic proportions.”
“True,” Baltor said with a nod.
Trendon took a lengthy pause at this point, so that he could drink the last of his first mug and set the empty near the edge of the table.
It was then that Baltor looked down at his own mug, noting that it was still a quarter full—he therefore picked it up, finished it off, and set his empty next to the other empty cup, and called out to the barmaid, “Two more rounds, please!”
“Sure thing,” she replied, just before heading behind the bar to fill two more mugs.
Meanwhile, Trendon continued with his history, “The captain informed me that my ‘top-secret mission’ would be to assist the convoy in protecting a horse-drawn wagon. When I asked what the wagon was carrying, he stated that it was ‘top secret’ information.
“Therefore, my immediate asking price became fifty thousand gold pieces, in which he agreed to pay, so long as I asked no questions about the cargo.”
It was then that the barmaid returned, and set down the two full mugs in front of the men and took the two empties. With a wink, she asked, “Do you gentlemen want any food yet?”
“No thank you,” Baltor replied. “We’re all right.”
“Right,” Trendon agreed.
“No problem,” she stated, before heading back behind the bar.
Only a moment or so later, Trendon continued to reveal, “I agreed when he handed me the money the following day—a few hours later, we were already leaving Harrnsforte. Not too surprisingly, only three nights later, the platoon of elves and I—fifty-four of us to be exact—were ambushed by a thousand dark gnomes!”
After taking a drink, he stated, “Though I fought my absolute best, and killed dozens of them with both might and magic, all my elf comrades were fast overwhelmed and killed—the captain was the last to die, honorably, in a blaze of glory.
“It became overwhelmingly clear to me that the dark gnomes were here to confiscate the ‘top secret cargo,’ which sat inside the wagon I stood on top of by the end of the battle. Dark gnomes, most of them male, already surrounded me. In fact, there was only one female in their midst, in which she revealed she was a high priestess of the goddess of scorpions, Ssssamoma. I attempted to peacefully negotiate with her to let me go, in exchange that I wouldn’t blow up myself up and the precious cargo and hundreds of them dark gnomes—she agreed. However, I was deceived and knocked unconscious from behind!”
Instead of continuing with his story, Trendon snapped his fingers, which caused Time to stop instantly—everyone but the two men was frozen in place.
When Baltor looked confused, Trendon explained, “The patrons and the bartender had just begun to listen to our conversation…now they are not.”
After clearing his throat, he added, “Back to my story…after the High Priestess had tortured me mercilessly over and over again until she got bored with the torture, she pulled out a ruptured claw from a glass jar and injected it hard into my abdomen…a vompareus claw. That was when I first became, struggling between my human half and my vampiric half…and surviving underground for many years to come.”
At this point, Baltor took his first swig from his latest mug of ale. Meanwhile, Trendon continued, “That is, until I learned how to magically create the Rod of Ro’shain, which rod allowed me to teleport wherever I wanted. This same object later allowed me to discover/teleport to the Realm of Darkness, where most of fellow vampire-beast-lords resided, coming and going at whim. It was shortly after my arrival and had gained their trust that I learned that they were in the process of preparing for an all-out-war with the Arch-Devils, a war the Vompareus really believed they could win.”
After clearing his throat several times, he added, “However, the Vompareus were not expecting me to betray them, as I tricked them into the Realm of Darkness by telling them that I had some critical information they needed to know about a surprise attack that was only hours from being launched by the Arch-Devils. Once they were all inside, I teleported myself back outside the door, magically transformed the rod into a key, and closed and locked the door, so they were trapped, enclosed within. It was then that I decided to begin calling myself a Watcher—to watch and ensure they never again escaped, although they eventually did, thanks to the Arch-Devils alliance and trap on me.”
After releasing a deep sigh, Trendon concluded, “But yes, my apprentice, I agree…we won’t need the rod anymore, once they are all trapped or destroyed again, since you have the natural magical ability to teleport at will, we will destroy the key once and for all.”
Sounding relieved, Baltor proclaimed, “Yes, my master!”
With another snap of the fingers, Trendon allowed Time to recommence.
Baltor, who was all too aware of this fact, as well the fact that the barmaid was on her way back toward them, quickly changed the subject, “So tell me, my friend. What sort of hobbies are you interested in?”
Just then, the barmaid had arrived—she interrupted before Trendon could answer, “I hate to interrupt and all, but I must know…so what did you do after you were knocked unconscious from behind by the dark gnomes?”
Looking over with a small smile, Trendon answered, “What else could I do? I fought back…because of my determination and my strong will, I not only was successful against the dark gnomes but equally successful with my other hopes and dreams in life and then some.”
“Wow. That was very deep,” she cooed. “Listen, I don’t know your name, but my name is Panda. That was a very good answer, sir…thank you.”
“You’re welcome, Panda. My name is Trendon.”
Despite the wistful look he saw in her eyes as she gazed longingly at the empty seat next to him, he politely replied, “Nice to meet you too, Panda. However, I must be frank when I say that my friend and I are having a very important conversation now regarding a top-secret mission. Now perhaps some other time in the near future, I can come back, and we can chat some more, but right now is not really a good time. Sorry, beautiful.”
Convinced, she replied, “No problem, Trendon, I understand the need for secrecy.” As she began to turn away from the men, Trendon called out to her, “Panda…?”
“Yes?” she relied while slowly turning back around.
Trendon asked, “How much is the tab? We must leave this place in a few minutes.”
She answered, “Oh, for you guys…on the house. Come on back whenever you want too.”
“Thank you,” Trendon said graciously, “But I insist I must pay.”
“I insist that it’s on the house this time…it’s my house, after all. So when you come back next, then you can pay,” Panda said firmly, just before her right hand planted itself on her right hip. “Okay?”
“Okay,” Trendon said while shrugging his shoulders, “Thanks again.”
“Yes, thanks,” Baltor added.
The two men exited the tavern and entered the alleyway that was void of people.
Trendon wasted no time in opening a portal, just before he and Baltor walked through the portal and returned to the tower.



CHAPTER XI


After both men had sat down on his own plush leather chair located inside the luxurious living room, Trendon released a deep sigh before stating, “My apprentice, before I reveal our battle plan to defeat the Vompareus that will be followed by all your training, I have a particularly important subject that you need to learn first. A subject I’m confident that you will enjoy learning, called ‘Universal History.’”
While nodding his head affirmatively, Baltor replied with a small smile, “Yes, my master, I have always loved any type of history, including having learned yours…thank you for teaching.”
“You’re welcome,” Trendon replied. After leaning forward in his seat, he took a deep breath through just his nose before saying, “Now, get comfortable and close your eyes so that you can see this all unfold in your mind’s eye, as well hear it with your physical ears—it really is the best way to learn.”
“Yes, my master,” Baltor said, before he sat back in his seat and closed his eyes.
Trendon began teaching, “Per the Chronicles of Time, which you can see is a nine hundred and ninety-nine thousand page book made of gold and the size of the Library of Pavelus, and which I will let you read for yourself after we win this war… The Creator God created but one physical universe—two trillion, thirty-five billion, four hundred thousand, three hundred and fifty-two years ago…understand me so far?”
Baltor nodded his head once.
Trendon continued, “Perfect. Now most scientists call this anomaly ‘the big bang theory,’ in which one sun that was the size of one hundred galaxies all put together sitting there in the very middle of infinite black space—exploded outwards in one big bang. Though these scientists are indeed correct with their physical theory, most have yet to learn on a spiritual level that this sun was the physical manifestation of the Creator, who literally spread Himself across every subatomic fragment of that physical universe, essentially becoming the game board and the book. He still exists on a super-conscious level…and shall exist until the End of Time.”
After a short pause without interruption, he continued, “Only a single nanosecond after Time had begun, per the Chronicles, five master races instantly existed in different quadrants of the universe, though each group had a different number of participants, attributes, and powers to play in quote-unquote, ‘THE CREATOR’S GAME OF ULTIMATE CONQUEST BETWEEN GOOD VS. EVIL.’
“There was no master race any more powerful than any other…and of course, good, neutrality, and evil were equal in power. These races consisted of nine Arch-Devils, seven Arch-Angels, sixty-six Vompareus, and only thirty Dragons—ten dragons that were good, ten that were neutral, and ten evil.
“The fifth master race, which is one I know that you’ve never heard of before but you will probably deal with sometime in the future, are called Romata, and though there were only two of them in the beginning, a male and a female, now there are millions—they were the first race who learned how to clone using science. Although I could tell you ten libraries worth of information about this neutral-aligned race alone, or about any of the other master races for that matter, let me state in a nutshell that Romata look-and-act the most alien out of the bunch, possessing the greatest amount of scientific technology, but, possess not an ounce of magical power.”
“Now…not only were all these master races given the power—via science or magic—to make lesser races, but yet to create their very own dimensional planes. The nine Arch-Devils (two of the original members still rule) created the Nine Planes of Hell, as well dozens of immortal lesser races like lesser-devils, daemons, demons, and even hundreds of living races like goblins, ogres, trolls, etc. The Arch-Angels—all but one are still the original members—made the Seven Planes of Heaven, and their created races were lesser-angels, elves, humans, dwarves, gnomes, nymphs, sprites, etc., etc. Losifer was the only Arch-Angel who ever abandoned his post in the Seventh Heaven, in order to conquer-and-command the First Plane of Hell, just before rising his way through the ranks.”
It was at this point that Trendon sat back in his seat, before continuing to teach, “The Dragons co-created but one Dragon’s Realm for them all to share, while making tons of sub-races like dinosaurs, basilisks, draconoids, lizard-men, medusas, etc., etc. The one leader in each alignment possessed five heads, of which Tiamat is the only five-headed dragon still alive out of the bunch, and not only that, yet as you already know, an Arch-Devil. Like the Dragons, the Vompareus created but one realm—the Realm of Darkness—as well all the lesser-undead races like zombies, specters, vampires, ghouls, etc. Before I go on any further…do you have any questions?”
After opening his eyes, Baltor asked, “One…what’s a draconoid?”
“Close your eyes…as you can see, a draconoid has the scaly skin and head of a dragon, but the rest of the hulk body shape is humanoid, except of course for the large tail that protrudes out the backbone and slithers all around on the ground…go ahead and open your eyes.”
“I understand.”
Trendon continued, “Very, very vicious creatures, I might add—anyways, to keep with the point, ever since the very beginning of Time, this game/war has been waged nonstop. Sometimes the side of good is stronger, and sometimes, evil—never has either side won the war, yet…nowadays, evil is far, far stronger. When that day comes when one side wins, the war will be over—and the good shall forever be separated from the evil. And the rest is history…”
“I see, very interesting, master. So what is our battle plan?”
“Well…the very next planet that they plan to destroy is called Earth, located in the Milky Way Galaxy on the opposite side of this universe—in their year of 2,012 A.D. Besides your home-planet and Earth, there are twenty-eight inhabited planets containing intelligent races in this universe alone—three of these planets have already been conquered by the Vompareus already.
“The first thing we are going to do after your training is to teleport to Earth to their year of 2011. As soon as I have recuperated from the journey, which will take me a week of continuous sleep, we are going to steal and re-modify a spaceship, and make it powerful enough deliver a laser blast as strong as one thousand nuclear missiles put together. Once the enemy arrives near Earth, in which I’m not sure how they will arrive yet as they can now manipulate Time and Space, we will fight them until the alien invasion is over.”
After giving Baltor a moment to digest all that information, Trendon added, “We will then launch our ship out into space, find the rod, entrap the billions of Vompareus in there and relock the Realm of Darkness, before destroying the rod. Following that, we will find those conquered planets still inhabited by Vompareus, and blast those planets into oblivion…unfortunately, it’s too late for the original inhabitants, as they’ve either been killed, or transformed…”
“Any questions yet, my apprentice?”
“None yet, my master.”
“Great! Last but not least, we will ensure that the Earth remains safe from not one but two natural cataclysmic destructions that are coming their way in that same time period…and once we are victorious with everything, the war will be won and we will be done! You may open your eyes now.”
After opening his eyes, Baltor pointed his left-index finger up into the air before replying, “When do you want to leave?”
“Tomorrow…”
“So what’s our next step?”
After stroking his hairless chin with his right hand for a few seconds, Trendon answered, “In about five-or-so minutes, after I’ve discussed a few more need-to-know details regarding our plan, I am going to train you on the technological wonders of their 21st century, of which you’ve had a fractional taste during your time spent in the Eighth Plane.”
“How did you find out what happened in my nightmare?”
“Simple answer, my apprentice. I’ve already searched your entire memory banks through the Hells, and seen all the things you’ve seen, and heard all the things you heard and said…by the way, you really did do a most impressive job!”
“Thank you…I tried.”
With a confident smile and a nod, Trendon replied, “And that, my apprentice, is why our battle plan can’t fail ultimately…because you never stopped trying.”
Baltor nodded.
Trendon cleared his throat, before stating, “While I am taking my nap, you will get a chance at a short vacation, yet I do hope that you spend a bit of the time training with real machines until you achieve perfection in your operational abilities. Also, it will be up to you to retrieve the supplies so we can rebuild our spaceship, which ship we will have to first steal from the country called Russia…I will give you the supply list shortly before I nap.”
“Russia, hmm? Is there anything I need to know about this country?”
Trendon answered, “Yes. Russia is a vast country that has existed for many-a-centuries, although there have been nomadic people who have lived there for millenniums. In the late-1940’s, they managed to conquer a dozen-or-so other countries, after having begun a communistic-government called the Union of the Soviet Socialist Republic. The U.S.S.R. quickly became a threat to the entire free world—that is, until the mid-80’s when a nuclear-powered factory in one of their cities called Chernobyl blew up one hundred and eighty tons of radiation into the sky in a major, fiery blast. Although only four scientists died right away, deadly radiation inevitably killed all of the guards and firefighters, and forced the forty thousand citizens of the city to evacuate. Overall, more than one hundred thousand deaths occurred from cancer…only a few years following the explosion, the U.S.S.R. collapsed. Ever since, the country is known as Russia.”
After taking a deep breath through his nose, he pointed his index finger into the air before saying, “The only object that survived inside the factory without a scratch sat inside the top-secret machine workshop that was heavily guarded by technology. This object happened to be an alien spaceship that had crash-landed in their country five years earlier, but had not been breached, despite their continued efforts to do so. The contents inside remained a mystery.
“When the explosion occurred, it was partially because the Russian scientists assigned to working on the ship had figured out the first complex code that would temporarily disarm the ship’s force field, but for only a minute’s time. They were in the process of trying to figure out the complex code to open the door and would have done so, but little did they know, there was another spaceship invisibly hovering in the skies nearby.
“The alien commander of this second ship ordered and caused the reactor to overheat in the first place! The ship that sat in the machine shop, of course, remained unscathed, yet it did emit a short burst of deadly radiation that killed the two scientists who were working on it in under a minute.
“Not surprisingly, the ship—under wraps—was the first object to be transported to another top-secret location by other scientists wearing radiation suits…hundreds of miles underground.”
“Of course, not an ounce of this ‘top-secret information’ was ever leaked out to the public, so very few people in the world knew what truly caused the downfall of the U.S.S.R. Nor were there any scientists who could figure out the code to disarm the force field and the code to open the door until the middle of their 21st century, in which we are about to alter Time…”
It was during this pause that Baltor asked, “I have a couple questions…what’s socialistic and communistic?”
Trendon answered, “Good questions. A socialistic government is where the government controls everything and everybody, yet everybody receives the same wage as everyone else, no matter what job they hold. In other words, a clerk gets paid the same as the president of that country, so there is very little motivation amongst the people for a better career, and so, the people and the economy inevitably and ultimately suffers. Unfortunately, as history always proves, because this type of government does not work, it leads to communism.”
“I see,” Baltor replied.
Without pause, Trendon added, “Communism is a governmental system that is very militaristic in nature, where any violators of their dictatorship-like laws gets punished/tortured, if not kidnapped and/or killed—the conquistador-like government officials are very well paid and treated like kings and queens, while the people suffer even worse…just like slaves.”
With a sneer, Baltor responded, “Sounds like two crappy forms of government to me…I like the ‘capitalistic republic’ I established on my home planet—obviously, as was indicated by our new friend Panda, my governors haven’t yet screwed it all up.”
“They haven’t screwed it all up…at least not yet. But we’ll talk about that subject later, after this ‘war of all wars’ is over.”
“Thank you for revealing that useful information to me.”
“No problem—so, what’s your second question?”
“What is a truck?”
“Another good question…I’m about to show you.”
With that, Trendon stood out of his seat, walked over to where Baltor sat, extended out his index fingers and touched Baltor’s temples—over the course of the next minute to pass, via video and audio simulation, Baltor ever-so-rapidly learned—how to operate all sorts of modern-day vehicles like cars, trucks, boats, planes, helicopters, etc.
The next minute was spent learning how to assemble, lock-and-load, and fire modern-day weapons like pistols, shotguns, assault rifles, anti-tank rockets, etc.
After sitting back down on the couch, on the third minute, Trendon continued, “Perfect job! The next lesson I’m going to teach, in which there isn’t much to teach but practice, revolves around telekinesis—by psychically willing an object, you can physically make it fly to your hand. Observe…”
With that, he extended his hand out toward one of the hundreds of vintage wine bottles sitting on the wine-rack located on the other side of the room—three seconds later, that bottle had flown into his hand.
While squinting his left eye combined with a half-smile, Baltor said, “Nice…”
“Piece of cake…now you try, with another bottle,” Trendon said before he physically set his bottle on the table next to the couch.
With that, Baltor extended his own hand out toward another bottle, and attempted to will it into his hand—after ten seconds of “unwavering concentration,” the bottle flew into his hand.
Trendon congratulated, “Excellent—now don’t let weight or size ever concern you. You can use telekinesis to fly yourself from point A to point B—just like you did on the Eighth Plane. Ensure that you do not fly around in front of the peoples on Earth, or use any of your other magical powers, for that matter. On this world, magic and magic-users are—for the most part—fictitious. In this world—money, power, and science/technology rule most of this planet’s inhabitants, though religion is right behind at number five…understand?”
“Yes, my master. Another question does form at my mind now, if I may ask it?”
“Of course.”
“Why are we going to this planet and rebuilding a ship, as opposed to going to a technologically advanced planet and borrowing one of their operational spaceships?”
With a smile, Trendon answered, “Ah, very good question, my apprentice.”
“Yes?” Baltor asked.
“There is another ‘special-special reason’ for you going to Earth when we are. However, I cannot say that reason at this time. It is something that you must discover on your own, though we will—for the most part—be working together.”
After slowly nodding his head three times, Baltor answered, “I see.”
“Ready to go, my apprentice?”
“Yes.”
Trendon nodded twice, before he said, “Good…one final thing to say before I open up the wormhole. All you have to do is enjoy the flight and the view…I will fly us both through to the very end. So, again, enjoy…it’s spectacular to say the least!”
“Yes, my master.”
With that, Trendon closed his eyes—when he opened them only a moment later, they were once again glowing like prismatic diamonds. He traced a rune into the air, and a mirror-like portal opened—they wasted no time to enter the portal.
Instantaneously, they were both sucked inside of a nearly invisible wormhole, in which they had ninety-eight percent visibility—outside, they observed one-star solar system around them that was void of any other planets, and beyond that, stars of all shapes and sizes that surrounded this solar system and encompassed the galaxy. As their speed multiplied and multiplied, they first exited out of this solar system, before passing a countless more, consisting of stars, planets, asteroids, meteors, and other cosmic debris—all in the blink of an eye!
Only minutes later, the two exited out of the borders of the galaxy, which shape Baltor observed by looking backward strongly resembled “a three-dimensional cube.” Now they were traveling through “the blackness of space….”
Nearly two hours later, they passed by the first galaxy to their left, which galaxy contained not only a countless number of stars of all shapes and sizes, yet red-intermixed-with-green gases that together formed “an hourglass shape!” Gazing at that most-beautiful galaxy was truly an iridescent experience for Baltor—even though he only received about a minute’s time to gaze at it, as they zoomed on by inside the wormhole.
Thirty minutes or so later, they passed another equally beautiful galaxy to their right that contained a chaotic shape of clustered stars intermixed with very colorful gases—red, blue, white, and yellow. Thirty seconds later, that galaxy had disappeared…yet two more galaxies had already appeared and were fast approaching—the first one to their left and one to their right. In the blink of an eye, those galaxies were already gone—and dozens more were already coming into view!
It was only then that Baltor realized that their speed was moving faster and faster each and every second…his mind’s best guess happened to be ten thousand times the speed of light.
After a hundred-or-so more galaxies had been passed, over the course of the next five minutes, each very unique from the next, still another galaxy began to approach their view directly ahead on their current path—unlike the rest, this one possessed the shape of “a barred spiral.”
After cocking his head over to look at his apprentice for a moment, Trendon pointed his right index finger before revealing, “This here is the ‘Milky Way Galaxy,’ which is our destination where the planet Earth is located. As a matter of fact, Earth’s astronomers only recently discovered your home galaxy, which they call the ‘Mega Cube Nebula.’”
“Aptly named—my master…what’s up with that black hole that is located in the center of their galaxy? Most of the other galaxies in this universe that I’ve seen so far, including my galaxy, don’t have a black hole there.”
“Another good question. This galaxy is held together like glue by the gravitational pulls from this black hole, which scientists of all systems classify: ‘the black hole.’ Galaxies without a black hole spread out amongst the cosmos much quicker. Finally yet just as importantly, though most people cannot see black holes with the naked eye, you and I can because of our ‘innate natures.’”
“Ah, interesting…”
“In other important news you need to know, in approximately one year from the time of our arrival onto Earth, their sun will arrive about a billion miles away from the very center of the galaxy. Though the sun will not be affected by the gravitational pulls of the black hole, which is a very good thing for them, the black hole will alter the course of another of the planets in the same solar system, which planet at that time is passing in between the sun and the Earth. In turn, Earth and her moon’s gravitational pulls will severely be disrupted.”
Looking over with confusion, Baltor asked, “What’s going to happen then?”
“A major cataclysmic event is going to occur then, which cataclysm shall consist of the entire earth literally flipping over on its axis in only a twenty-four hour period, and everyone in this world will be dead before the next twenty-four hour period starts! That is but one of the possibilities for Earth’s future.”
By then, the two had just entered the Milky Way—now passing by a countless amount of stars, planets, and other forms of cosmic debris like asteroids and comets.
“What do you mean when you say, ‘possibilities’?”
“Well, with the Rod of Ro’shain in the Vompareus’ possession, they can not only teleport entire planets from place to place, yet they can go from time-period to another and alter history.”
“So how do you know that 2,012 is the year they will strike, and not much earlier in time, perhaps near the Beginning of Time?”
After looking ahead, Trendon answered, “Because it is in this very time period that this whole planet first becomes connected as one through technology—they have telephones, televisions, radios, and computer. Furthermore, most of the people on this planet are already superstitiously afraid of this very year of 2,012 due to their ancients’ words of wisdom and warning.”
Looking over at his apprentice, Trendon added, “The Vompareus are not just ruthless killers, but they really love to plague at the minds, hearts, bodies, and souls of their victims first…through fear and chaos!”
Baltor said, “I’m sorry for asking so many questions.”
Trendon smiled, “Don’t worry about it—the only stupid question is the one not asked. Do you have anymore?”
“One more, sir. As the Vompareus do not need air to breathe, can they travel through any part of outer space?”
Shaking his head for a moment, Trendon answered, “No. They can fly into space, but they cannot pass beyond a mile’s radius of any planet’s outer stratosphere—except with the Rod of Ro’shain as a teleporting/time device. I am one of the very few in this entire universe who has acquired this ‘wormhole spell,’ of which I only mastered fifty-six years, seven months, three weeks, two days, five hours, six minutes, and two seconds ago—mark. This is my third journey this way. Any other questions, my apprentice?”
Shaking his head negatively, Baltor answered, “No, my master…not right now.”
As he began to take another good look around, he could see that their speed had diminished drastically—now they were in a solar system that possessed nine different planets of all sizes, colors, and shapes. In the very middle of this solar system sat a yellow sun, much like his own—it was for the third planet nearest the sun that he and his master flew for. Though still trillions of miles away, he could see that two-thirds of this planet was much like his own, consisting of massive blue oceans with fluffy white and gray clouds, yet the final one-third portion consisted of a wide variety of colorful landscapes, from arctic to desert to jungle areas. Unlike his world that had two moons, this world only had one gray-colored/badly scarred moon that orbited a million miles away.
Only moments later, Trendon stated, “One final important subject you need to know, my apprentice, before we land in the city called St. Petersburg in the country of Russia, and secure us a room at a luxury hotel, so that I may go to sleep for one week.”
“Yes?”
“While I’m sleeping, know that this is no game…nor a test,” Trendon answered. “This is the real deal. Be on your vigilant guard, as we do not yet know how the Vompareus will strike…and again, watch your words very carefully when you talk to anybody. Reveal to nobody that you are immortal, that you have superpowers, or that you are from another planet. You will be allowed to explore the city and/or world on your own…I will even give you plenty of money so that you can keep yourself entertained. Understand?”
“It is understood, my master.”
A few seconds after Baltor had finished speaking, they zoomed by the moon—as he looked at the really horrible scars from the multiple meteors that crashed into its surface, millions of years earlier, he suddenly spotted an unusual-looking object stabbed into the moon’s surface.
His eyes zoomed in like binoculars—it was a red, white, and blue flag, containing a bunch of white stars in the blue corner.
For about the next half-minute or so, he continued studying the moon. As his eyes strayed back to the planet, he discovered that they were now on the planet’s dark side—the night skies ruled below. He also noticed that they were for the largest continent on this side of the planet.
The men entered the planet’s stratosphere. Instantly, the night sky surrounded them as they continued to plummet to the ground at an incredible rate of descent. On the ground below, they could see trillions of prismatic lights sporadically shining all across the globe. Some lights were packed together in tight clusters and others were very isolated—as for the colors, most of the lights were white; the next predominant color was yellow; the next was red; and then green.
Immediately, a human-sized portal could be seen near the smack middle of one such major cluster of lights. With Trendon once again in the lead, both men passed through the portal to the other side.



CHAPTER XII


The two men now stood in the middle of a twenty-foot wide asphalted alleyway, containing six large blue metallic dumpsters that were all overflowing with rather stinky garbage. Not surprisingly, variously sized piles of garbage littered the ground everywhere.
A ten-story building made of red brick existed to the left, while a twenty-story tall building made of brown brick stood on the other. Although both buildings were similar in that they had exactly two dozen glass windows on every floor but the first, and only one door, not a single light in that red-bricked building was turned on while a little less than half of the windows in the other were lit…seemingly random.
At the near end of this two-hundred-foot-long alley stood a fifteen-foot tall brick wall with barbed wire strewn about the top—they now stood ten feet away from this wall. On the far end, they observed a steady flow of traffic continuing to drive by, going both ways, down the two-lane asphalted road, as well the occasional pedestrian(s) walking both ways on the concrete sidewalks going both ways. Of course, there came the intermittent sounds of a car honking, or of tires squealing, and people talking.
Once the portal had closed, a handful seconds after their arrival, Trendon turned to face Baltor before stating nonchalantly, “In a few moments, I am going to magically snap my fingers that will instantaneously alter our clothes, so that we look non-descript around here…for obvious reasons.
“Oh, don’t worry about your swords or armor, as I’m going to put everything in safe storage in my own little magic pocket. If you should happen to need your swords or any of your other gear at any time, just will them into your hands and there they will be in the next moment. Okay?”
While noting that Trendon’s eyes now looked normal, Baltor answered, “Yes, my master.”
Trendon snapped his fingers. In the blink of an eye, both he and his apprentice were wearing different attire—from before and from each other—including wide-brimmed hats.
Baltor spent the next few seconds examining Trendon’s new outfit, which consisted of a long, black trench coat that snugly fit over his dark gray three-piece business suit. A gold-colored silk tie hung down the middle of his white-collared shirt; a pair of shiny black leather shoes matched his hat; and he wore a sophisticated gold watch on his left wrist. In Baltor’s opinion, in which he had seen people dress this fashion in the Eighth Plane, Trendon looked very sharp, professional and rich.
“So,” Trendon said with a smile, “do you like your attire, or would you like to wear something different?”
Baltor looked down at himself, observing only now that he wore a tan-colored 3-piece suit underneath a black trench coat—his shoes were also tan, yet his tie was black with a gold arrowhead pin that held it tight in place against his black collared shirt. Although he could not see exactly what his own hat looked like, except for the tan brimming, he trusted his master’s judgment that his hat looked sharp.
Nodding his head for perhaps five seconds after the self-examination had begun, Baltor finally answered, “Yes.”
After throwing a point of his left index finger toward the street, he began walking that direction—Baltor caught up and walked side-by-side.
After getting to the end, perhaps a minute later, Trendon cocked his head to the left and said, “This way.”
Both men henceforth turned left and began to walk down the sidewalk—not a single other person was in their view walking down the sidewalk on this side of the street, at least for the moment. However, a dozen-or-so people were walking on the other sidewalk.
Three and a half blocks later, which took them about ten minutes as they continued to walk at a normal pace, they happened to be passing by a five-story tall parking lot on their left—an old two-story museum was located on the other side of the street.
The walls of the very next modern-day and elegant building—just beyond the lot—made entirely of reflective glass, except for the illuminated sign that hung above the reflective-glass double-door entrance, which Baltor’s eyes saw and deciphered as, The Saints’ Hotel--VACANT. There was even an asphalt drive-through for vehicles to drop or pick people up—for the moment, there was only vehicle parked in the drive-through, which happened to be a very long, black and shiny car with dark-tinted windows.
Just as they were passing by the front doors, Trendon stopped in his tracks, pointed with his right thumb at the building, and stated, “This is the hotel where we’ll be staying at. Also, from here on out, do not call me master. Call me either Mr. Harrn, or Sir. Follow me.”
“Yes, Mr. Harrn,” Baltor replied.
Just as Baltor was just about to manually push open one of the doors in order to enter the building, both doors slid open on their own electronically, evident by the whirring mechanical sounds.
While proceeding toward the front desk, they passed through the middle of a very large lounge that contained six large luxurious black couches, twelve matching “lazy boy” couches, and about two dozen black coffee tables of all sizes. Nine “rich and classy” people of all adult ages occupied the lounge area, in which six of them were sitting down and reading—the other three were quietly chatting with each other in the near left corner of the lounge. Beyond the lounge area on the opposite wall near the far corners, there existed a metallic door that obviously slid open from the middle yet was closed right now.
Six inches to the right of the door, near waist level, there existed a dozen buttons listed in vertical order. In between those doors rested a fifty-foot wide by ten-foot long shiny oak desk—standing behind it, right near the middle, were two very beautiful women who both wore feminine pinstriped business suits and who both were looking down at something on the desk—the one on the left had red hair, and the one on the right had blonde. Located directly behind the girls was a wood, closed door.
Perhaps forty seconds after having entered this building, the two men arrived at the desk. It was then and there that Trendon bowed his head a second, just before casting a wide smile and greeting in Russian, “Good evening, ladies.”
Though Baltor had not surprisingly understood the language Trendon had just used, as he had been able to read everything his eyes had come across so far in this city including reading the girls’ nametags, he continued to remain silent although he did cast a small smile. The redhead was named Reva and the blondie was Nadia.
After returning the smiles and/nods with their own, the girls concurrently replied in the same language, “Good evening, gentlemen.”
It was then that Baltor noted that these women had very sexy accents and voices, in his opinion.
After another short nod, Trendon introduced, “Well, my name is Mr. Trendon Harrn from New York City, and I am wondering if you would happen to have the penthouse suite available for my protégé and I for tonight…and for the next eight nights. We have some important real-estate business here in St. Petersburg that could make us both very rich men, while also helping your nation out by making it ‘financially prosperous’ with trillions of rubles. In a nutshell.”
With a very impressed look in her eyes, Nadia nodded just before looking down and typing a bunch of stuff into her computer. Ten-or-so seconds later, she looked up and answered with a very pleased smile, “Actually, you’re in luck, sir; for in nine nights, the penthouse will be booked by another customer.”
“Perfect,” he said with a smile. “Do you accept plastic?”
It was only then that Baltor looked over at Trendon with confusion, as his mind was not able to interpret that “final word.”
Reva knew exactly what that word meant as she answered with a light laugh, “Of course we do accept most credit cards, Mr. Harrn. What Nadia will also need is your international passport or a driver’s license, in order to reserve your room for you.”
Although Baltor had no clue what a credit card or an international passport was, he continued to remain silent as he suspected the answers would soon come.
While Trendon reached for his wallet and passport—all conveniently located in the interior pocket of his trench coat—he answered right away, “Excellent—if you would please allow me a second….”
Interrupting Trendon from completing his answer, at that very second, was a technological gadget that had just begun to ring, sitting right next to the computer.
After pushing a button on the gadget that caused the ringing to stop, yet caused a red light to start flashing on it, Nadia said, “Sir, I’ve got to take this phone call. Reva will help you with the rest of your transaction…thank you for your understanding.”
Trendon nodded his head, just before setting the passport onto the desk, opening up his wallet, and pulling out a small rectangular card that had a bunch of colorful writing on it, especially the large group of numbers.
She henceforth picked up the cordless phone, and while walking toward the exit, she answered, “Saints’ Hotel, this is Nadia—how can I help you, boss?”
Reva was “on the ball,” as she asked, “Your credit card and passport, sir?”
Upon hearing that, Trendon handed both objects over—Reva took them, and inspected each one in turn. Once she felt satisfied, perhaps five seconds later, she swiped the card through another machine—instantly the sounds of beeping and buzzing, as well quite a few other forms of electronic noises, began to emanate.
Ten seconds later, the glowing-greed word “Approved” appeared on the top of the machine—in turn, a six-inch length of paper spat out a little slot located in the back of the still-whirring machine, which paper had printed numbers and letters all over it.
Once the machine had finished making all its electronic noises, she ripped off the paper, lay it on the desk, flipped the paper around, and extended it out toward Trendon—as he had already picked up one of the pens conveniently located on the desk, he signed the bottom of the slip.
After taking the yellow-colored bottom half, she extended out the white top half, the credit card, and the passport, while stating with a smile, “Thank you for choosing The Saints’ Hotel. By the way, where is all your luggage, good sirs?”
While putting everything away back into his coat pocket with one hand, Trendon used his other hand to point behind him with his thumb, answering indifferently, “Oh—that’s still in the trunk of our stretched limo that’s outside in the parking loop.”
Still smiling all the while, Reva returned, “No problem, sir. We will have at least one of our busboys assist with delivering all your luggage to your suite as soon as possible. Please feel free to use our free-internet services, as well our free 24-hour phone service, where we have 5-star chefs ready and eager to make whatever is in our hotel’s restaurant menu. We also have a wonderful selection of the best wines produced in the world, as well many imported beers, and all types of hard liquor—everything alcoholic is listed on our alcohol menu. Of course, if you would prefer to eat your meals in the restaurant, located on the 10th floor, then that is also great!”
While pulling out two rectangular-shaped plastic cards—same size as the credit card—from a drawer inside her desk, and sliding them both forward on top of the desk, she concluded, “Finally, your penthouse suite is located on the 11th floor, of which only the busboys and cleaning staff have access to—and of course, the two of you, gentlemen. Again, I’d like to thank you for choosing The Saints’ Hotel.”
Without waiting for a response, she raised her right hand straight up in the air and snapped her fingers twice to a busboy who happened to be passing by. She called out, “Hey Nikolai, please escort these two gentlemen up to their penthouse suite, and show them around. I will have the other busboys bring up their luggage…thank you.”
“Yes, ma’am,” the busboy replied. Looking over at the guests, he bowed for a moment, before asking, “Sirs, follow me, please?”
“Of course,” Trendon replied.
The busboy led his guests toward the metallic door on the right, and once there, he slid another plastic card he had been holding in his right hand in-and-out of a little slot. He then pushed the “1” button at the very bottom, which button commenced to glow white.
Overhead the door spanned the numbers from one to eleven—currently the number “7” glowed red.
Six seconds later, the number “6” lit up. Nearly twenty seconds passed before “1” lit up, the doors automatically slid open, and a cubed-room big enough for ten people could be seen inside, in which the wall on the far-side consisted of a single mirror. Even before Baltor had turned around inside this room, he could already see that Reva was now checking him out with wistful eyes. Nadia, however, was nowhere to be seen anywhere.
Still, he kept his “poker face” as he turned around inside this room, almost at the same time that Trendon and Nikolai turned around—without haste, the busboy pushed the button that read “11”.
A second later, the doors closed just as fast as they had opened, and the room abruptly jutted around for a moment, just before it began to elevate from floor-to-floor.
Unexpectedly, a song began playing from somewhere beyond the ceiling, a song that not only had a guitar playing, yet a slow-and-steady drum beat…perhaps ten seconds after the song had begun, some female began singing melodically right over the beat. She had a beautiful voice.
Baltor looked up several times with scrunched-up eyes in order to figure out who in the heck was playing and singing that music, as well trying to decipher her words. However, his analytical mind could not understand a single word she had said.
Catching “the perplexed look” on the third such occasion, Trendon breathed out a light chuckle, before using telepathy to reveal to Baltor, The music that you are hearing now was electronically recorded about three years ago, which is possible on this planet in this era and will one day be on your planet. The singer’s name is Sarah Preville, and she is singing in the language of ancient Gaelic. Beautiful, yes?
Definitely… Baltor answered.
Just then, the room reached the eleventh floor, not only evident by the number “11” lighting up yet the high-pitched dinging sound with the doors sliding open.
What became revealed was a maroon painted and carpeted hallway going to the left and to the right—a large mirror revealed the three men staring back at themselves.
Nikolai revealed, “Sirs—just so you both know, the staffs’ entrance is to the right, while the guests’ entrance is to the left.”
“No problem, my good man,” Trendon said with a nod.
The three of them exited the elevator, entered the hallway in which there was a door to the left and to the right—they made a sharp left.
Nearly thirty seconds later, they arrived at the hallway’s end, which hallway had a dozen-or-so historical city paintings hanging on the walls. This hallway led up to a single door made of oak.
To the right of the door, imbedded into the wall at doorknob level, there sat another card slot—the busboy slid in-and-out the card one time.
An electronic-clicking sound could be heard emanating from inside the lock. As the busboy opened the door with a light push of the hand, which action revealed a white-painted hallway that traveled for only ten feet before pivoting at a ninety-degree angle to the right. He informed, “You have thirty seconds from the time you hear that clicking sound to open the door, sirs.”
“Good to know,” Trendon said, while entering the room. Baltor followed right behind, and following at the rear of the formation was the busboy who had already closed the door behind them.
It wasn’t until Baltor and Trendon made that right turn that they observed just how majestic the living room in this penthouse suite truly was, as the entire far wall consisted of one single piece of glass except for the glass door to the far right. Beyond the window sat a large rooftop that contained not only a bunch of pool-oriented furniture and a large grill for cooking food, yet an Olympic-sized underground pool. Beyond the roof was the beautiful city of St. Petersburg, where they could see dozens of unusual-looking skyscrapers off in the distance.
As for the regal furniture inside the living room itself—consisting of four sand-colored, leather couches, two lazy-boy recliners, and six coffee tables—they all pointed toward the 60-inch-yet-paper-thin television mounted onto the dark-brown bricked wall on the left side of the room.
Located on the right quadrant of the room, in the very middle, there sat an empty underground spa big enough for six people—beyond that spa and hanging on the bricked wall, there was a beautiful oil painting—forty feet in length by twenty-five feet tall. On both sides of the painting, there stood a closed, mahogany door.
While they gazed all about, Nikolai explained like a showman, “The door to the left and to the right are the guest bedrooms, in which the left door is the master bedroom, and possesses an equally splendid view of St. Petersburg as does this room. The door in the middle leads to ‘the entertainment room,’ and the door to the right leads into the other bedroom, in which I’m about to show the two of you everything in turn. If you two gentlemen will please follow me?”
With that, he made his way for the middle door. After opening it, and politely gesturing for his two guests to pass through first—which they did—he then briefed, “As you can see, we have plenty of entertainment for you to choose from in this one-thousand-square-foot room. Not only from all the various tables you see like billiards, air hockey, and ping pong…yet to the latest 3-D video game system, in which we have fifty different multi-player games to choose. These games can be either viewed through the one-hundred-square-inch television screen, and/or even through the 3-D goggles we have conveniently located next to each of the four players’ seats…”
After giving a short pause so they could digest all that info, he added, “There is a telephone located on that table right over there, as well the food menu and the alcohol menu. If you have any questions about how to operate any of this equipment, or would like to order food and/or drinks, please give our operators a phone call by pressing zero, and we will send someone right up to assist you. Finally, there are two other doors inside this room—the first is located right there and leads into the staff hallway, and the second door right over there leads into the entertaining bathroom, in which there is a bathtub, a shower, and another spa in there built for four…understand everything I’ve said so far, gentlemen?”
“Yes,” Trendon said. Baltor nodded his head, but said not a word.
“Please, follow me,” Nikolai said with a nod of his head. With that, he led them to the master bedroom, whereupon he opened the door and flipped on the light switch.
Inside this incredible room—equally as large as the living room—two of these walls had been made of tinted glass, revealing more of the city outside. Hanging on the other two walls—made of darkly stained wood—there were not only a wide assortment of paintings and mirrors, yet animal furs. The floors were made of polished wood, but a large Persian rug covered most of that floor.
Regarding the majestic-looking furniture, there were several navy-blue with gold trimming couches, as well quite matching tables and chairs, which had been spread about the room. In the middle of it all, there sat a matching sultan-sized bed—on the near side of the bed, there stood a three-foot tall table. On it happened to be an alarm clock, a lamp, two menus, an illuminated alarm clock that revealed 11:05 p.m., and another telephone.
Safely distanced away on the far side of the room lay an unlit fireplace, which held a small pile of chopped wood stacked in the center, as well a three-times-larger pile sitting to the right side. One couch, two chairs, and two coffee tables faced the fireplace. Lying on the floor in between all of this furniture was a large black bear fur, with head included.
Perhaps ten seconds after having entered the bedroom, Nikolai shrugged his left shoulder before saying, “There’s not much to say about this room, as it clearly speaks for itself—but I do need to mention that there is a phone located just next to the bed, as well our menus. Of course, if you need any assistance with anything, please feel free to call.”
“Thank you,” both Trendon and Baltor said, one after the other.
“Follow me, gentlemen, and I will show you the final bedroom?” Nikolai asked, just before gesturing for the men to head back for the living room first—they did.
Upon exiting the room, the busboy flipped the light switch before shutting the door behind him. As the three walked toward the other bedroom, they all heard someone close some unseen door, from somewhere on the far side of the entertainment room.
The busboy said, “Don’t worry about that noise—that is just the other busboys bringing in your luggage, sirs. They know where to wait until I am done with my tour, and you are ready to tell them where to put your luggage.”
By this time, he had reached the other bedroom door, opened it, flipped the switch next to the door, and gestured with his free hand for his guests to enter first—they did.
After entering, Nikolai briefed, “As you can see, this room is a duplicate to the master bedroom, except for the fact that there is just one wall that allows you to view St. Petersburg and not two—and the bed is only a king-sized bed…yes?”
“Yes,” they answered.
“Please follow me back to the living room, sirs?”
After they had all exited the room, the busboy flipped the switch and closed the door—without moving another inch, he pointed his index finger up into the air before saying, “Oh…there is one more important thing I should mention, sirs.”
Baltor was the first to turn around and ask, “Yes?”
“You don’t have to worry about the sun’s rays directly coming through any of the windows at any time in either bedroom, unless you want them to—for, located in the very middle of the headboard on each bed is a black button. If you push the button once, a metallic wall will automatically open or close, not unlike a garage door…okay?”
“Okay,” both men answered. Upon hearing that, Nikolai began walking for the middle door, before asking, “Please now follow me back to the entertainment room, so that we can meet up with the other busboys and get your luggage dispersed accordingly?”
“Of course,” Trendon answered.
After the three had reentered this room, they observed two busboys standing in the middle and in the position of attention—resting in between them was a cart-on-wheels, which carried two different sets of matching suitcases—three brown and three black.
Without any haste, Trendon pointed to the busboy on the far left, and said, “Young man, the brown suitcases goes in my room, which is the master bedroom—the black suitcases go in the other room. Understand?”
“Yes sir,” that busboy answered, just before he began to push the cart toward the door leading toward the living room—the other busboy hurried on over to that door, held it open until the first busboy passed on by, and then shut it behind him.
All the while looking around and admiring the room, Trendon asked, “Is there anything else we need to know about our stay here at your hotel?”
“Not at the hotel, sir,” Nikolai answered. “But if you’re interested in sightseeing the city, or any of our wonderful country of Russia, we have a bunch of pamphlets, brochures, tours, and maps…all that you could possible want or need is located down in the lobby near the front entrance.”
After looking over at the busboy, Trendon answered with a nod, “Thanks.”
Just then, the two other busboys entered the room. The one on the left said, “Sirs, your luggage is all neatly stacked near the closet doors.”
“Excellent,” Trendon replied. “Thank you.”
After bowing, both busboys quietly exited out of the servants’ entrance—once again it was just Baltor, Trendon, and Nikolai.
It was then that Nikolai asked, “Will there be anything else, good sirs?”
“No, you did a perfect job—thank you,” Trendon said while handing over a crisp piece of paper with the number “100” on it—of course Baltor observed a bunch of other words, letters, or smaller numbers written on it, but it was that larger-than-the-rest number that grabbed his attention.
“Thank you very much, good sir,” Nikolai said with a wide smile, “and again, I hope your stay here at The Saints’ Hotel is a fabulous one!”
Trendon smiled this time. 
The busboy turned around and headed out the servants’ exit, before closing the door behind him.
Once they were alone, Trendon stretched out his arms high into the skies, before stating, “I’m exhausted!”
“Wow…I never thought it possible that my master would ever be exhausted,” Baltor replied with a hint of sarcasm.
“Well,” Trendon sighed, “Wait until you do your first interstellar voyage across half of the universe…on my first trip, I slept an entire year, I kid you not.”
“Well, sir,” Baltor said with a chuckle, “I’m sure I’ve got plenty to do to keep me occupied, just in this here suite alone! I’ll be fine…”
Trendon pulled out a wallet and a passport from the right side of his coat pocket, before handing both objects over to Baltor—meanwhile, he revealed, “This here is called a wallet, which will normally go inside your coat pocket over your heart, but if you’re not wearing a coat, wear it in your right-rear pants pocket. Inside this wallet are three plastic cards. One is the room key, in case you decide you want to go anywhere…but make sure you’re back in one week’s time. The second is your driver’s license. The final card is called a debit card, which is another form of money that is usable just about everywhere—there is a grand total of $5,000,000 on it. Finally, I have placed not only the list in your wallet, yet ten thousand rubles in cash—Russian currency. Have fun, my apprentice…”
“Thanks,” Baltor answered, just before he placed all the objects into his coat pocket. “One more question, sir.”
“Yes?”
“Why is it you’re allowing me to go do whatever I want for the next week?”
After chuckling for a few seconds, Trendon answered, “As always…very good question. The answer is this: you’ve already proven your ability to master an entire world on your own once before, so I trust you that you will keep all classified information ‘classified.’ At the same time, now is the time to demonstrate your ability to just kick back and have fun in this strange, new world—I can already feel your eagerness to explore. So, good night.”
“Good night, sir,” Baltor said with a nod. In turn, Trendon turned around, walked toward the door that led into the living room, and closed the door behind him.
Meanwhile, Baltor gazed all around the room, trying to decide what he wanted to do first. Seeing the 3-D video game system for the second time, he sat down into one of the plush leather seats, set his hat down onto the table, and picked up the goggles/headgear. Looking down at the console, he saw a joystick, as well an on/off switch and a volume switch—he flipped the first switch, just before picking up the joystick and putting on the headgear.
A video screen immediately popped up inside his goggles, which not revealed a crisp picture of the 3-D great white shark that was surrounded above and below by the words, “Shark Entertainment,” yet at the same time did he hear the sounds of air whooshing and water splashing—already was Baltor in total amazement.
A few moments later, a large menu popped up that revealed all fifty names of the games, and a moving mini-picture that revealed exactly what each game was like in twenty second bursts—even though almost every single title seemed “entertaining,” he could not help but click on the game called, “Secret Assassin!”
Nearly right away, the name of the title multiplied, until encompassing the entire screen—and then came a deep, gonging sound just before the screen faded quick to black.
Once that gonging sound had ended, a 3-D story began to play, filled with stunning visuals and excellent narration. The narrator briefed about the ancient story of a young orphaned boy forced to steal food from vendors in order to survive, and now, this boy needed to steal that food without “getting caught.” Had the graphics been not so “freaking amazing,” Baltor would have played a different game.
Three hours later, without having died or failed once, he finally graduated the assassins’ training guild using a wide variety of weapons, and was sent on his first mission by the guild to murder a visiting diplomat, Ambassador Maroth.
Along the way to the palace, he had to sneak through the shadows and beyond the throngs of poor peasants and obnoxious guards, and he discovered with surprise that he could even hide in the back of a wagon filled with hay, or scale walls of all types whenever the guards got too near. As he discovered the second time trying to hide in the same wagon, he could hide there but one time, as two guards not only yanked his body by the legs out of the hay, just before demanding to see his papers with swords drawn.
However, as his assassin did not have any ID, the guards came in for the attack—all the while, Baltor looked around through the goggles, waving and jabbing the joystick around in the air as if it was a very sharp, foot-long dagger, which was the only weapon he had earned.
After killing both guards without receiving “a scratch,” he tried to pick up one of their weapons but failed. He only them remembered as his assassin-instructor had earlier revealed to him, “Many powerful magical weapons exist, and can be acquired, but only through the Guild! In other words, you cannot use anybody else’s weapons.”
Soon after this battle, he arrived at the heavy-guarded and booby-trapped palace of Ambassador Maroth—and after sneaking by all the guards and booby traps, he assassinated the man in his sleep.
Many-many more hours passed as the videogame steadily progressed with ever increasing intensity, yet never once did Baltor die—despite the six fierce battles against hundreds of guards he had to face so far, and the three targets he had so far assassinated in their sleep.
Just after having completed his forth mission, two hours before sunrise in the game and in real life, Baltor meets another assassin in the Guild named Media.
Without haste, Media pleads—on hands and knees—for his help with her first assignment from the Guild, as they’ve ordered her to assassinate the President of Lo’thorium. She believes that the Guild is sending her on this mission, because they really want her to fail and die in the end. This is why Baltor, in the game, agrees to help her, though he could have chosen to say “no…”
After two major skirmishes along the way, thanks to her getting “caught by the authorities” because she wasn’t paying attention, they made it to the palace.
In the final confrontation that occurs once they have passed the legion of guards and into the president’s bedroom, they see that the man himself is sleeping alone in his bed. Instead of Media executing the president, however, she turns the dagger on Baltor—at the same time, hundreds of guards have just begun entering the room and surrounding the two.
Then and there, Media revealed, “Oh don’t think that we weren’t prepared for you to strike at us, Secret Assassin… We know that it is you who assassinated the other three political figures—I don’t need to say their names…you know very well who they are. Guards—kill him!”
Even though Baltor—in the video game—was successfully able to avoid the guards who came at him with swinging swords, he made only one mistake by putting his back toward Media for even a second. In that moment, she leapt at him, stabbing him deep in the back. The screen turned black, before revealing in a very deep man’s voice—“You’ve been assassinated. Game over!’”
A few seconds after the receding sounds of the final gong had sounded, the same voice asked with a lot of curiosity, “Want to play again, Secret Assassin?”
“No,” Baltor replied.
“Come back again…the Assassins Guild awaits to give you your next mission when you are ready.”
Baltor henceforth took off the headgear and set it back down where it belonged. After extending his left hand out, he mentally willed the remote controller to fly into his hand—it did.
Casting his gaze down, he discovered that the remote had exactly four dozen buttons on it, in which about half of the buttons were strange symbols while the other half had a wide variety of options.
The first button to catch his attention read “menu.” As it seemed most logical, he ended up pushing this button. The next option revealed a dozen selections, ranging from television adjustments, to choosing between subcategories like games, movies, television shows and news programs. Baltor chose movies.
On this new menu containing all the different genres of movies, ranging from horror to mystery to fantasy—one of those options read “Sci-Fi.” Curious as to what that term meant, he pushed the appropriate button, which caused still another menu to appear.
The one-hour-and-forty-nine-minute long movie at the very top of the long list read, Them. Because the attached video clip looked interesting, in which it was set in a modern-day era (except for the futuristic aliens that flew in spaceships from another world that came sometime later), this is the movie he selected with the push of a button.
The entire screen turned pitch black, just before the credits rolled in, while some folk song began to play, and the movie began….
Once the movie was over, eleven minutes before sunrise, Baltor clicked back to the menu—this time, he decided to choose, “Daily news.”
After pushing the button, he became surprised to discover a massive list of news programs to choose—hundreds. Randomly, he selected one of these programs.
In the snap of a finger, a gorgeous female newscaster with a very thick accent—not anything like the accents of the people around here—reported from behind a large wood desk with a computer monitor on top. “This is Jeanine Turner with Channel 9 News—the world is shocked to learn about the natural catastrophe that occurred yesterday morning, as another volcano exploded in Iceland’s borders—at 11:15 a.m. This makes the eighth volcano to have erupted in the last two years alone—air travel has been postponed in most of the European countries, and more than forty thousand Americans are now stranded in Europe, lodging in local hotels. Tragically, twenty-two people have died and hundreds were injured from this last eruption—all of them natives from Iceland…
“I know this is not part of the script, folks, but I’m going to say it anyway, as I am a reporter first. In lieu of all the other natural catastrophes going on, including the devastating earthquakes in China, Chile and Haiti, as well the deadly typhoon less than a decade ago that killed nearly one-and-fifty-thousand people in Indonesia, is it not safe to say that something is going very wrong on this planet?”
Without waiting for an answer from anybody, the woman answered, “I think so. I also am beginning to wonder if the ancient Mayans and Egyptians were indeed correct, scientifically and astronomically speaking, that every twenty-six thousand years, our sun enters the gravitational pulls of the black hole located in the center of our galaxy, which catastrophic event will happen in a little over a year now in 2,012. It only makes sense why all this chaos is happening now. The Mayans and Egyptians barely survived the blast, and lived to tell the tale through their megalithic artifacts and their encrypted lingo. 2,012…by their standards of time…is 26,000 years later.”
After taking a quick breath, she added, “Proof of my words can not only be found in very ancient texts and sites, yet by comparing the amount of cataclysmic tragedies, six of them so far since humanity began, which forever altered the course of our entire planet six different times. Consider my words and you will see that we need to consider a plan of evacuating this planet—”
Most unexpectedly to Baltor, the reception stopped and only a black screen popped up—he said aloud, “Hmmm…”
Instead of flipping to another channel, he stood to his feet, set the remote down on the table, and stretched his arms—though it was six o’clock in the morning, he was not tired in the least. In fact, he found himself being “antsy…”
Therefore, he stood out of his seat and threw on his hat, before heading for the living room. After opening the door and entering, he observed that the skies outside are sky blue and without any clouds.
He closed the door behind him, before passing through the living room and arriving at the glass door. Once there, he opened it, noting that the temperatures were in the low-70s. He stepped out onto the roof, shut the door, and began walking toward the ledge while gazing all around.
This beautiful and warm morning possessed not a single cloud in the sky, yet it did possess a sun that had just poked over the eastern horizon. At the same time, he noted that his hotel is located near the middle of a beautiful city filled with a vast array of different and colorful buildings—many of these buildings have cone-shaped peaks and crosses. Although there were a dozen different vapor trails in various stages across the sky, three of those trails directly emanated from the tailpipes of large jets.
After arriving at the railing and leaning his forearms lightly upon it, he looked over the ledge and down to the ground—this city was far busier during the daytime as opposed to the night, as hundreds of people walked down the sidewalks going all different directions and the traffic was incessant.
Perhaps ten seconds later, he cocked just his head and eyes toward the window of the master bedroom, ascertaining that Trendon had closed the metallic walls to his room. Looking back down at the streets below, he used his binocular-vision to look close at the inhabitants—though most of these Earthlings walked here-to-there with nonchalant looks on their faces, the frustration, anger and/or pain could clearly be seen deep inside their eyes…most weren’t happy with his or her life.
Upon stepping back inside the living room, a little more than ten minutes later, Baltor observed—for the very time—a world-globe sitting in the corner. He therefore headed for this object, and once there, he began to look at and study all the countries and major cities of this world.
Once he had this map committed to memory, nearly a minute later, he gazed back outside before thinking to himself, I think I’m going to take an ever closer look at this world and discover the underlying reason for all this unhappiness and despair…through exploration.
After exiting the room and closing the door, he headed for the elevator—once at his destination, he pushed the button and waited for it to arrive, in which it did about a minute later as it made three other stops. He entered and pushed the “1” button, which caused the doors to close.
Just as they had begun opening on the ground floor, forty-five seconds later, the first thing to capture his attention was that Nadia and Reva still stood behind the desk, but now they were quietly chatting with two other attractive, blonde-haired girls who also wore business suits and stood behind that desk.
Once the elevator doors had opened to their fullest, all four girls stopped talking as their eyes locked onto Baltor—one girl’s mouth dropped all the way open upon seeing him, but only for a second. Her eyes, however, continued to look at him all “love struck.”
Feeling a bit uncomfortable from all the attention he was receiving, he cleared his throat twice before exiting out the elevator, performing a right-face, and walking for the front doors. He was moments away from exiting the hotel when he heard one of the girls speed-walking his way, and asking, “Sir? Sir? Can you please hold on a second?”
After performing an about-face, he noted with surprise that the “redhead” was perhaps ten seconds away from arriving at his position…once she had drawn hear, he asked, “Yes, Reva?”
“Umm, sir,” she said in just above a whisper, before looking around real quick. “If my boss hears me say this, I could get fired…but.”
“But?”
“But…me and my friend want to know what you and your friend are up to? And what I really want to know is—what is your name?”
“Well, to answer your last question first, my name is Baltor,” he said in truth. “As for my boss, well, he is exhausted from the long journey as he had to work the entire time, so he is sleeping upstairs.”
“Ohhhh,” she sighed softly. “What are you doing right now?”
He shrugged his shoulders, before answering, “I was going to explore St. Petersburg on my own…why?”
“That sounds fun…mind if Nadia and I tag along? We just got done with our work-shift, and we could even show you the sights of our wonderful city, if you want…yes?”
After chuckling, Baltor said with a grateful smile, “Sure…sounds great! Thank you.”
Without hesitation, Reva whistled one time, using a quiet volume—Nadia was by her side shortly thereafter.
Baltor was “on the ball” as he extended his right hand out and greeted, “Nice to meet you, Nadia. I’m Baltor.”
After the two had briefly shook hands, she released the handshake before responding with a smile, “Very nice to meet you too, Baltor. Let’s go have some fun, yes?”
“Yes.”
Reva said, “Okay guys, well…as we all must be discreet about all of this, Nadia and I shall meet you outside at the front-left corner of the building, in about two minutes.” She pointed her index finger in the appropriate direction for only a second, before jutting her thumb out and over her left shoulder, and explaining, “We have to punch out in the back of the building, before exiting the employee entrance also located in the back.”
“Okay,” he said with a nod, before doing an about-face and casually making his way for the main entrance.
Once outside, he performed a left-face before moseying toward the outside corner—upon arrival at his destination, nearly a minute later, he lightly leaned his back up against the glass wall near the corner of the building, but only because he had already noted that the glass looked clean. Although it may have seemed that Baltor was doing nothing but loitering, he had in fact begun to read the very thoughts of the pedestrians of all ages as they passed on by.
Overall, nearly one-third of the adults were thinking about how they were going to pay the bills—most in honorable ways. Nearly one-third of them were thinking about their significant other—most in honorable ways. The final third were thinking about his or her family member or members—most in honorable ways.
Perhaps one minute later after his arrival, he peripherally saw Reva and Nadia speed-walking toward his position, and so he stopped leaning against the wall, turned to face them and threw a hearty wave and smile.
Once the girls had arrived with waves and smiles of their own, each stood to one side of Baltor. They next gently turned him around until he faced the other direction—now the same as them. Only then did Reva clasp her hand upon his elbow on his left side, while Nadia did the same on the right.
As they began walking down the street, many of the native men stared at Baltor with envy…a vast majority of the women were staring at him with desire. For some unknown reason to him, neither Reva nor Nadia were in a chatty mood—but he did peripherally observe that they were still smiling.
Two and a half blocks later, Nadia pointed to the corner up ahead on their left, in which there were about a half-dozen white steel tables sitting on the sidewalk, and in which each table had an overhanging rainbow-colored umbrella, before saying, “Let’s go there—it’s an outdoor café called ‘The Coffee Soufflé.’”
“Sounds good,” Baltor replied. Both girls nodded their head.
After they had taken their seats, a late-teenaged girl wearing a waist-apron came up, and asked with a smile, “Good morning to you all…my name is Benzie. How may I help you today?”
Reva answered, “I want a chocolate latte.” She looked over at Baltor and added, “They’re very, very delicious here.”
Nadia was the next to order, stating, “As I’m still rather tired from last night’s shift, I just want a double-espresso, please?”
Benzie asked, “And you, sir?”
He answered, “Umm, I’ll have the chocolate latte too, please. Reva talked me into it…”
“Be back in a minute with your drinks,” the waitress sang, just before she had begun to leave.
“Actually, ma’am,” Nadia kindly interjected, “can you please make all our drinks to go?”
“Sure…”
After the waitress had departed, Reva began, “So, tell me about you, Baltor?”
After chuckling, he asked, “What would you like to know?”
“I don’t know—everything!”
“That…would take some time,” he truthfully answered.
Throwing her open-palmed left hand up into the air, she asked, “What’s your last name?”
Though Baltor wasn’t prepared for this question first, especially since he had forgotten to look at his driver’s license, he figured it was safe to answer the truth, “Elysian.”
“I see…very, very nice name,” both girls said at the same time—they henceforth began to giggle for the next couple of moments.
Nadia was the first to sober up, so she could ask, “What’s your middle name?”
“Umm, I don’t have one…”
Reva asked, “So are you a businessman? I heard your friend call you his protégé.”
“Yes, I am that, as well do I hold quite a few other professions.”
Nadia asked, “Like what?”
“Well,” Baltor answered, “I know a bit of martial arts, which makes me a professional warrior, although I only fight as a last resort.”
“Wow,” Reva said, “that is so cool!”
Just then, the waitress appeared back with their drinks, setting each drink before each person—she then asked with a pleasant smile, “Do you guys want your check now?”
After Baltor had pulled out his debit card, he handed it over to Benzie and said, “Just pay for the drinks with this plastic, and add a nice-sized tip for you.”
“How much should I add, sir? Your total is thirty rubles even.”
As he looked at “his two new friends,” back and forth, he asked, “What’s a nice tip for that?”
“Ten to fifteen rubles is very nice, Baltor,” Nadia answered.
“Make it thirty rubles, then,” Baltor stated evenly.
“Thank you very much, sir!” Benzie replied with a whole lot of surprise, before departing to make the sales transaction. Meanwhile, the party of three took a small-to-decent-sized sip of his or her drink—Baltor absolutely loved his very warm, chocolate-like, and creamy coffee, as he had never before tasted anything like it.
Nadia was the next to speak, as she asked, “So, Baltor, do you like to party and dance?”
“Umm, ya,” Baltor said with a little chuckle, “though it’s been a while since I’ve done either.”
“Perfect—me and Reva have the perfect place to go—you will love this dance club that is open 24 hours a day every day of the year and is just about always packed…yes?”
After cocking his head to the side, he answered, “Sure…why not? Sounds good. While we’re waiting on Benzie to return, why don’t one of you lovely ladies tell me about the two of you met…yes?” He took a nice-sized drink.
Reva was the first to answer, “Yes…well, we first met two years ago when we both got assigned to be roommates because we attend the same university, and as of last year, I got Nadia a job at the hotel. Six months ago, we moved off campus and into our own apartment—and nowadays, we see each other nearly twenty-four hours a day, in which we haven’t gotten into one single argument. The only times we don’t see each other is during our classes, as we are taking different courses. In four more years, we graduate with our Master’s degrees, so we’re going to be roomies and besties the whole time.”
“Cool,” Baltor said with a few nods. “What’s a bestie?”
Nada answered with an endearing smile, “Best friends.”
“Oh…”
“I take astronomy as my major,” Nadia added, “while Reva takes political science—very different fields, as you can see.”
“For sure,” Baltor said with another nod. He proceeded to take another drink of his latte.
“I’m feeling good-to-go now, guys,” Reva said. She asked, “Ready to head to Euro-Rancid?”
“What is that place?” Baltor asked with a slightly scrunched up forehead and nose.
“The twenty-four hour dance club I was telling you about,” Nadia answered with a laugh, “And yes, I am ready to go, Reva…how about you, Baltor?”
“Umm, ya, let’s go,” he answered with a smile, before he rose to his feet and extended out his elbows.
Only a moment later, the girls stood on each side, interlinking one arm with his. As before, the three strolled their way down a half-dozen more city blocks, filled with pedestrians walking down the sidewalks, and cars and trucks traveling down the streets…a few people here and there rode bicycles.
And as before, there hadn’t been an ounce of conversation between them—although the thought popped into Baltor’s mind that he could use this time to probe not just their thoughts, yet histories—all the way back since the day they were born—he decided otherwise. These girls had “a mysteriousness” to them that he really liked—he wanted them to reveal these mysteries.
Inevitably, they came across a long line of people—at least thirty—who patiently waited on the sidewalk next to a black brick wall of a three-story building, in which the sounds of techno-music could be heard bumping through the walls. There were no windows, other than a row of ten on the third floor.
As the party of three walked around the corner, they saw that there were eight people standing in line, in which it ended in front a single door made of reflective black glass—the top floor had a dozen glass windows, also black. Above the door was a black sign that blinked on and off in neon-green color, “Euro-Rancid!”
Standing right in front of this door and checking ids was a powerful man who stood at six-foot-seven and weighed three hundred pounds—although his head was shaved bald, he had a pointy black goatee, and a slight sneer on his face. His attire consisted of a pair of sunglasses that he wore over his eyes, a sporty leather black jacket that perfectly fit over his skin-tight white T-shirt, and cotton black pants that had been folded and tucked into a pair of black army boots. In Baltor’s opinion, this doorman looked unhappy about something.
Still arm in arm, they continued to walk passed everybody until they stopped right in front of the doorman—this same man’s frown turned upside down, just before greeting happily, “Hey there, Reva and Nadia—how are you two most-beautiful women doing today? I haven’t seen you in months.”
“Great Butch,” both girls squealed, just before they released their grip on Baltor, in order to give a tight hug to Butch at the very same time.
Once that hug had been released, perhaps ten seconds later, Butch stepped back and opened the door. After waving his hand inside a couple of times, which revealed the bumping music to be a whole lot louder now, he said, “Go on in…have fun!”
“Thanks,” both girls again squealed.
Once the three—again arm-in-arm—were inside the building, the doorman closed the door—there were five people who were standing in line ahead of them.
At the end of the line stood “a scantily clad female,” possessing all the proper proportions but wearing far too much make-up on her face and too little clothes on her body, in Baltor’s opinion. She was not only taking money and stamping hands, yet telling each person and/or persons as to when he/she/they could walk past the thick-black curtain that blocked the view of a hallway that veered to the right after ten feet.
Three seconds after having entered the establishment, Nadia said, “You have to pay with cash to get in here, which I will cover, especially since you paid for both of our drinks…yes?”
“Sure,” Baltor said, just going with the flow—the more he heard this very-strange-yet-interesting music, the more he found himself liking it. As Trendon had ordered him to do, he was now “on vacation…”
Nearly two minutes later, the three had just arrived at the front of this line. It was then that Reva paid for just herself, just before Nadia paid for both she and Baltor. In turn, the cashier stamped their left hands.
Despite being stamped, the three still had to wait an additional minute before three people had exited from behind the curtain—first it was a young man and his girlfriend, and the second an older man in his forties and balding…it was then that the woman said, “Go on in now.”
The three—still arm in arm—passed the curtains and rounded the corner. Now they could see thousands of laser lights posted everywhere throughout this enormous place, and the hundreds of people—most of them dancing heartily away—in this very packed club.
All Baltor could say was, “Wow…”
Right away, both girls began to giggle and squeal in delight—Nadia was the first to yell, “Yeah, this place is freaking great!”
It took a little more than two minutes for the party of three—now led by Reva—to pass beyond the throngs of people—far more girls than guys—of who graciously moved out of their way.
Inevitably, they began to near the closest of three bars that did not have a single barstool available for any of them to sit down—all sixty stools were occupied.
Once there, Reva released her handgrip on Baltor, just before she squeezed in between two patrons sitting down, in order to begin conversing with the bartender. All the while, Baltor and Nadia continued to look around the club…
Upon gazing at the second floor, of which an entire section was void of people, yet contained its own private bar, three very comfortable couches, and a dozen stools that overlooked the entire dance floor, Baltor yelled at Nadia (but not angrily), “What’s that up there?”
She yelled back, “Oh that? That’s the VIP lounge, but it’s very expensive.”
“Let’s get that—it’s on me!”
After moving her mouth close to his ear, she asked, “Are you sure? It cost five hundred rubles for every two hours.”
Now speaking in her ear, Baltor said, “Two hours sounds good—I really like this music, but I don’t like the fact that there’s just too many people around here who keep bumping into me.”
“Okay,” she answered back, just before she tapped Reva on her butt—when she had her friend’s attention a second later, she yelled, “Tell Markie that we want the VIP lounge for two hours—Mr. Elysian’s got the bill!”
“Okay,” Reva yelled back, “Hold on…”
With that, she leaned over the bar and close to Markie, pointed her right index finger up to the lounge, and said, “We want the VIP—our friend Mr. Elysian said he will pay for it. Trust me…he’s very good for it, as he is a guest in the penthouse suite at our hotel.”
After scrutinizing Baltor for only a second, the bartender nodded his head, and answered with a smile, “No problem…just tell Vince at the VIP door that I said it’s okay you go up right away. When your private bartender comes up in about ten minutes or so—which is included in the price as is a free bottle of champagne of your choice, Alexandra will settle the bill with your friend. In the meantime, do you guys want a free drink now to bring up with you?”
“Thanks much, Markie,” Reva squealed, “I know Nadia and I both want ‘our usual.’ Hold on a second and let me ask my Mr. Elysian what he wants…”
Baltor, who had been listening, yelled just above the volume of the music, “Whatever you guys are having is fine!”
“Make that three.”
“Three screwdrivers coming right up,” the bartender said with a smile, before he began to make the drinks—nearly a minute later, the bartender returned with three clear glasses filled with an orange-colored fluid and ice cubes, a long, red straw, and a small-yet-very-colorful umbrella hanging over the entire top of each glass.
After Reva had handed two of the three drinks to her friends, as well picked up her drink, she looked back at the bartender and said, “Thanks, Markie, you’re the best!”
“No problem,” Markie said with a shy smile, “have a great time!”
She delivered one final wave, before wrapping her free hand around Baltor’s arm, and leading the three of them around the dance floor and up to the door, where stood the doorman called Vince—another baldheaded man almost identical to the outside doorman, except for the fact that his sunglasses were propped back on his head.
“Hey Vinnie,” Reva said with a smile, “Markie said the three of us can go up into the VIP, and that he will be sending Sheri up in ten minutes to take care of the bill and everything…yes?”
After scrutinizing Baltor by giving him the up-and-down look, and seeing that this man appeared to be “very wealthy,” he said, “No problem, beautiful—have a great time!”
With that, he opened the door, and gestured for three of them to walk up the four-foot wide red-carpeted stairway that led up to the second floor. After they had entered, he closed the door behind them—the three, no longer arm in arm, arrived on the second floor only twenty seconds later.
Upon rounding the corner upstairs to the right, Baltor only then realized that the lounge began at this point—all the while, Reva led the pack until they stood on the mini-dance floor against the rail, which overlooked the main dance floor on the first floor.
In the same moment, the drums of the song abruptly changed, though the tempo of the beat remained exactly the same. Perhaps a half-minute later, he heard a man’s voice call out through the speakers, “Are we having a great time out there, Club Euro-Rancid?”
Not only were dozens of whooping noises made all across the room, yet nearly a hundred people cried out words like, “Yeah,” or “Hell yeah,” or “Hell %$#@ yeah!”
“Awesome—awesome! Well, this is DJ Spinner coming at ya right now with this killer music…don’t forget to tip your waitresses and bartenders, who are also here to keep you highly entertained. And one final thing before I let you go and play this next club banger, called ‘Beneath it all,’ which hit is currently #1 on the Top 40 Charts in Russia, Europe and the US, I’d like to introduce the rapper behind it all who is here right here and right now, known to the world as, ‘E—Main!’” He had purposefully stretched out the man’s stage name when he said it, so it lasted a grand total of fifteen seconds.
Right away, nearly everyone in the room began to cheer and applaud vigorous enthusiasm—at the same time, both girls began to squeal in utter delight. It was only then that Baltor became “mildly curious…”
A second later, the beat slowly-but-surely began to descend in volume—just as slow in replacing this beat was a choir that began to sing out a very melodious tune. By the time the beat from the first song was gone, the “equally awesome beat” in the new song kicked in.
All the while, more than one hundred additional people had commenced to either mosey their way to the dance floor, or to the elevated stage where the two men stood.
The man on the right—wearing a wide-brimmed red, white, green and yellow-striped hat, no shirt though covered in tattoos all the way up to his neck, blue jeans and black shoes—stood behind a large electronic gadget, flipping levers and pushing buttons.
The other man—wearing a black hat where the brim was facing back as well a white T-shirt with the blue letters “BluColla Ent” imprinted on the front, a pair of sunglasses over his eyes, a pair of loose-fitting black pants, and a pair of crisp, white shoes.
Firmly held in this man’s right hand was a microphone that he began to rap into, which voice could simultaneously be heard through the speakers, “Feel that sweat, pouring down your neck—it’s like that, that’s a fact, my lyrics make your body hot like that! Feel that sweat, pouring down your neck—it’s like that, that’s a fact, my lyrics make your body hot like that!”
Already was Baltor amazed by this artistic performer who possessed an incredible-sound-quality he had never-ever before heard…not only were the two girls clapping their hands and/or writhing their body all around sexily, yet so was every other last girl in the place.
Following the chorus, “E Main” began rapping aloud his first verse, sounding a bit different yet just as awesome, “Baby girl, I’m talking to you—listen up to dis rapping fool—on this stage using this killer tune! Time for you—out yo seat—shake that thing—riding on dis beat—I’m tasty just like a Halloween treat! You and me—walking down da beach—sailing down them seas—feeling that ocean breeze—sipping on them drinks! Laying under the sun, having tons of fun—you and me—will run-run-run to the sun, my Hun!”
Again came the chorus line—equally-exciting-yet-slightly-different-in-instruments-and-notes…many of the girls were now singing the chorus line along with him. Baltor found that his own head was now bopping up and down repeatedly, just like were most of the males in the place—more than half were now dancing with females, while only a few pretended this song wasn’t playing at all.
E Main still wasn’t done, as he proceeded with his second verse, “Baby let’s be real—this the deal—shake that ass around for real—you about to squeal—forget all your pills! All around this club I’m the thrill—I’m the stud—I’m the steal—got the cuts—got the reels, around this pub! Drink them beers—use the stance—make a dance—take your chance—you so hot—you won’t stop around this clock! Thanks CJ—we okay—homie we about to pave the way—make for yet another day!”
It was at this point that another just-as-exciting chorus line commenced, but instead of singing out the chorus line all alone, he stuck out the microphone toward the crowds and allowed them to sing too—they emphatically did! During the outro, he waved his free hand around in the air, while saying into the microphone, “Thanks ya’ll—awesome to be here in St. Petersburg, Russia! I just wanted to give you a little taste of what I’m about, and to let you know that my very next show on my world tour—nearly sold out—is tonight at nine p.m. at Oktyabrsky Big Concert Hall—be there.”
While the cheering and applause continued on, he handed the microphone to the DJ before hopping off the stage. Already, he shook peoples’ hands and/or signed autographs—especially the ladies—as he moseyed his way toward the bar. Meanwhile, the DJ stated with a hell of a lot of emphasis, “Hey folks…yo, yo, yo…let’s put it up for E Main! Thanks for performing for us, bro. Whoo! ”
“Whoo!!! ” the crowd cheered aloud—already had the DJ begun to play out another bumping song.
For the next ten seconds, Baltor peripherally watched E Main, while thinking, “Besides the fact that this E Main is an incredibly talented artist, there’s something else about him that’s just as incredible, but I can’t figure out what. I should probe his history. ” No matter how hard he tried, he strangely could not read the man’s mind.
On the thirteenth second, Nadia interrupted his penetrating thoughts by politely asking, “Hey, Baltor? The bartender is here…can we take care of the bill now, please?”
“Uh, yeah, sure,” Baltor said, just before he turned around and began to walk toward the bar, which bar had eight barstools.
Behind the bar stood a beautiful barmaid, whose face appeared to be “a perfect match” to Brishava’s on that very first night he had met her. Only difference at all that he could tell…this woman was “a blondie.” Her outfit consisted of a black mini-skirt around her voluptuous hips, and a pink T-shirt that had been cut off just below her just as voluptuous upper body—her waist had not one ounce of fat.
Despite his shock, his hand still managed to pull the debit card out of his wallet, and hand it over—in turn, she took it and swiped it through a similar electronic device that he had seen in the hotel.
Just like with the other device, this too began to make a series of whirs, chirps and other electronic noises…thirty seconds later, the word “approved” appeared on the top of the device, and a six-inch-long section of paper shot out the front.
In turn, the barmaid ripped off the paper and slid it across the bar, as well a pen, and said with a smile, “Thank you for you patronage, Mr. Elysian. My name is Alexandra—have you decided what type of champagne you would like?”
In the very next second, one girl was standing on each side of Baltor, and each girl had an arm clasped tightly around his elbow—Reva was the first to answer, “Baltor…the best champagne they have in stock is Perit Jouet—it’s absolutely delicious!”
“Okay,” Baltor said with a smile, “We’ll have that.”
“Yes, sir,” Alexandra said with a smile, “Give me a minute, and your drinks will be ready.”
“Thank you.”
“No problem.”
“So, Baltor,” Nadia began, “What do you think about this club? Do you like it?”
“It’s wonderful, so far,” Baltor said. “I’ve never been to a place like this before!”
“Really,” Reva added with a question at the end, “where are you from?”
“Hmm,” Baltor replied. “Good question.”
After laughing slightly, Reva asked, “What’s the answer?”
“I’m from Mississippi,” Baltor impulsively said, as his mind had not only seen this city and state on the globe, yet remembered the time when Trendon had said that his favorite-place-to-visit could be used as “a counter in time.” He hated to lie, but he certainly couldn’t tell the truth that he was an alien from another planet.
“Oh, I’ve never been there myself,” Nadia replied, “but I heard it gets very hot-and-humid in the summers though, and that there are tons of swamps and alligators and snakes and mosquitoes down there!”
“Oh yeah, I know all-too-well what swampy and steamy temperatures feel like, but like with anything else, you get used to them,” Baltor came back.
Reva said, “Well, Baltor, are you ready to go sit at the couches, get more comfortable, and talk some more?”
With a smile, a nod and the shrug of his left shoulder, he answered, “Sure.”
Nadia added, “Grab your drink, honey!”
Because he had been looking back and forth between the girls as they spoke, it was just then that he noticed that there were now three crystalline glasses filled with a white, bubbling yet yellow-colored fluid sitting on the bar. When he picked up his glass, it already felt chilled.
The girls wasted no time as they led him to the nearest couch, where he saw that Alexandra had just finishing setting the bucket onto the table—inside the bucket sat a flowery-glass bottle of champagne sunk deep into ice.
Not even five seconds later, the three were sitting down—Baltor, of course, in the middle.
After looking right at him, Alexandra concluded with a friendly smile, “Mr. Elysian, you and all your guests’ drinks are free until ten a.m., which is when your two hours runs out. Of course, if you would like to extend that timeframe, or invite any other guests into your VIP lounge, up to a grand total of ten people with the amount of money you paid, just let me know as I will be behind the bar the entire time, and I will oblige your request, as can Vinnie the doorman downstairs. If you want more than ten people, up to a grand total of fifty people, the costs will rise ten rubles a person. Any questions, Mr. Elysian?”
“Nope, thank you very much, Alexandra.”
“No problem, sir—have a great time!” After delivering one final smile, she went back behind the bar—at the same time, Baltor observed that both girls had “sour facial expressions!”
“What’s the matter?” he half-whispered.
Speaking even quieter so only the three could hear, Nadia answered, “That girl was really rude to us—and just so you know, we’re both biting back our tongues right now.”
“Ah, come on,” Baltor said with a nonchalant wave of the hand. “Don’t let anyone—and I mean anyone—stop you when you’re trying to have a great time. As for me, I’ve been having an amazing time overall…how about you girls?”
“Yes,” they both cooed, snuggling even tighter into his sides, and each planting “a light kiss” on his cheek.
“Well, let’s have a toast—too new friendships!”
“Too new friendships,” both girls responded—the three raised their glasses high into the air, dinged the glasses together one time, and took a nice lengthy swig.
“You’re so cute, Baltor,” Reva said with a smile, still only inches away from his face.
Casting his head and eyes over, he asked, “Looks aren’t everything…it’s what’s on the inside that counts most.”
She replied, “I know…still I could eat you up right now, as you both look and smell as delicious as a piece of milk chocolate!” Without any further delay, she was taking another drink of her champagne.
An inch from Baltor’s other ear, he heard Nadia add, “You wouldn’t be the only one to eat him, Reva…me too. Such a very delicious dessert he would make for the both of us—there is plenty of him to go around! Right?”
From all the “unexpected physical attention” he was now receiving from both ladies, as well the “two innuendos” he had just clearly heard, he forced himself to stand up to his feet, take three steps forward, and turn around.
“Listen ladies,” Baltor said, now sounding apologetic, “We’ve only just met. Give me a little time here, because I certainly did not expect to meet two drop-dead-gorgeous ladies who would be flirting with me at the very same time—which by the way just so you know—is a very exhilarating and flattering thing!”
“There’s one other thing you should know about us that we haven’t yet told you, Baltor,” Reva said with a secretive smile.
“What’s that?”
“We—Nadia and I—are lesbian lovers…you are the first man we want to join with us, and I know that you know what I mean, after this clubbing experience is over…yes?”
Baltor’s mouth abruptly dropped all the way open in utter disbelief.
After sucking in a deep breath and releasing it all out with a single whooshing sound, he sucked another deep breath before exclaiming, “Umm, wow…that I never would have guessed either—anything else I should know?”
Nadia added, “Yes, I have one thing you should know…remember who it was who said, and I quote, ‘Don’t let anyone—and I mean anyone—stop you when you’re trying to have a good time?’”
Truthfully, he could only answer one word, “Me.”
“That’s right,” Reva said with a wink. “How about we just play things by ear, my great friend? If something happens, then great—if not, then still great—either way…it’ll be so great!” She had purposefully stretched out the word “so” for about five seconds.
“All right, great,” he answered with a nod. “Do you guys want to show me how to dance?”
“For sure,” both girls answered as their eyes lit up. After clinking their glasses together while making an excited whooping sound, they slammed the rest of their drinks down.
In turn, Nadia picked up the bottle, and filled all three glasses, although Baltor’s glass was still a quarter full.
With that, she set the bottle back into the bucket, grabbed Reva’s hand, who—in turn—grabbed Baltor’s hand; the three made their way to the middle of the dance floor, all the while dancing their bodies rhythmically to the music.
Perhaps thirty seconds later, the girls “went to town” as they ever-so-skillfully navigated, maneuvered and danced all around his body…they, in his unvoiced opinion, were “better than most of the professional belly dancers he’d ever seen!”
In fact, they were “so good” that many of the men below had begun to look up and focus their attention onto the two beautiful girls dancing—the more those men looked, the more they wanted to look…no doubt.
As for Baltor, as he was “a master martial artist, acrobat and warrior,” so too was he “an equally skilled dancer.” Right away he proceeded to use a few of the same dance movements he had seen some of the best male dancers in this place do, which moves were slightly different than the moves the females made.
Shortly after he had begun to dance, the women below soon after began to look up with desire and adoration. Reva and Nadia also had their undivided attention on him, though their bodies continued to swivel nonstop all around. There were even times that they girls grabbed each other’s hand or hands for leverage, simultaneously either leaning her far back this way or that…or leaning deep into each other.
Two minutes of dancing later, Baltor started to feel even more confident about his dancing abilities, thanks to the facial expressions of all the women, and so he took off his suit jacket and tossed it over to the couch—it landed on the edge.
Nearly a dozen women couldn’t help but gasp aloud upon seeing his very muscular physique, evident even through his thick-cotton collared shirt, and his white, V-neck T-shirt underneath—already were the two dancing girls besides him starting to unbutton this outer shirt.
While Reva started at the top, Nadia ripped out the bottom part of his tucked-in shirt, and unbuttoned the lowest button first—only ten seconds later, they took off his collared shirt, which caused dozens more girls to gasp out in delight.
Trying to look like a pro, Nadia tossed it toward the couch, but it landed on the outside of the dance floor, about ten feet away—Baltor was no longer paying attention to his shirt, however, as his peripheral eyes observed that there was someone on the ground floor who was twirling glowing, blue orbs.
Only once that person had switched to a different technique, sixteen seconds later, that person’s face and gender finally became revealed…a young-looking man wearing a crazy-looking hat that even had yarn hanging off the very top that ended in a large ball.
Upon seeing this man, Baltor stopped dancing, and said to the girls, “Hold on a second…I’ll be right back.”
“Where are you going?” both girls asked with a hint of disappointment and tension in their voices.
“I want to talk to that one guy over there for a minute—the one spinning those magical glowing orbs,” he said.
“Magical,” Nadia laughed, “Those aren’t magical—those are chemical glow-sticks that are attached to strings…even the military uses them at night. Well, enough of me rambling—hurry back up, okay?”
“Okay,” Baltor said, just before hurrying at a jogging pace down the stairs and out the door. After dexterously navigating his way around the crowds, he soon arrived within a half-dozen feet from the man twirling the glow-sticks—he was still “doing his thing.”
“Excuse me, sir?” Baltor asked.
After stopping, the man turned around, and laughed. With a unique accent that was far different from everyone else around here, he said, “I’m not a sir…I work for a living. My name’s Joshua. What can I do for you, bro?”
Baltor asked, “Would you mind it if I borrowed those chemical glow-sticks of yours, please? I promise I’ll give them back, or I can even pay for them. How about one hundred rubles?”
“No problem at all, my brother,” Joshua answered, while rolling up the strings around the glow-sticks and handing them over. Without any further delay, he added, “But I got an extra set in my pocket…so you can keep these for free.”
After Baltor had put them in his front pocket, which made his pocket glow brightly, he replied with a smile, “Thanks, bro…hey, I am having a little party up there in the VIP lounge. If you and a few friends of yours want, you can hang out with me and my two lady friends, and drink as much as you want until we decide to leave?”
“Well, yeah,” Joshua replied, “but I’ve got three of my best friends with me…is that cool if they come along? Or how many of them am I allowed to bring up? I got a few dozen friends here, including a bunch of hot girls.”
“For now, let’s start with four—by the way, my name’s Baltor.”
“Nice too meet you, bro,” he said while extending out his hand—after they clasped for a single second, each man placed his hands by his sides.
“Well, bro,” Baltor said with a wave of the hand. “Come on up whenever you want, but the sooner the better, as I only paid for two hours—I’ll clear you guys with the doorman.”
“Gotcha,” Joshua replied with two thumbs-up. “Hey guys…this is my new friend Baltor! He’s invited us to go to the VIP lounge with him and his two girlfriends, and have free drinks as long as they’re there…you guys want to go? If you do, we got to go right now.”
“Sure, why not,” to “Yeah,” to, “Hell yeah” came the responses from his three friends—not surprisingly, Baltor led the way.
Even before having reached the door, he saw E Main walking by toward the bear—Baltor stopped in his tracks and called out, “Hey, bro…nice song you performed! I’ve never heard anything like it before in my life…”
Stopping in his own tracks, E Main turned to face Baltor, before replying with an appreciative smile, “Thanks, my man!”
“What are you doing right now?”
“Just drinking a few beers with my road-manager,” E Main answered.
“Is ‘E Main’ your real name?”
After laughing a few times, he answered, “Well, kind of…it’s my stage name. All my homies call me E.”
Baltor asked, “What’s ‘a homie,’ E?”
“Just another way of saying, ‘Good Friend,’ my man…so what’s your name?”
“Call me quote-unquote, ‘B,’” Baltor said, for some unknown reason. “Do you and your manager want to party with us in the VIP for another hour-and-a-half at least? Perhaps longer if we’re having fun?”
After extending both his fisted thumbs high into the air, E answered, “Sure, B, why not? Sounds great…so, by the way, what kind of an accent is that?”
Baltor answered, “I can answer that question, or just about any other question you might have soon enough, but right now I’ve got to get back upstairs to my lady-friends first, so I will let Vinnie, the door man right over there know to let you and your road manager upstairs…okay? Then I’ll answer any questions you may have…”
“Sounds good, B,” E answered. “We’ll be there in but a few minutes…I promise. Thanks again, my friend!”
Baltor nodded his head, before replying, “No problem, homie…”
With that, E chuckled once, just before he gracefully spun around and walked toward the bar. Meanwhile, Baltor turned back around to face his three new friends, and said, “Sorry about that.”
“No problem,” Joshua answered with a laugh. “Whenever you’re ready, good sir!”
Baltor laughed back, before pivoting around and making his way for the VIP door—they followed. After Vinnie had opened the door, Baltor informed the man, “These are my friends—they’re allowed to come and go as they please until the time’s up! Thanks, Vinnie.”
“I know, sir,” Vinnie said respectfully, “I heard…I will be sure to let E Main and his manager go upstairs, sir. Go on up gentlemen, and please, have a great time.”
“Thank you,” these gentlemen responded, using that term or a similar one, just before walking upstairs. Baltor followed behind, stuffing a one hundred ruble bill into the t-shirt pocket belonging to the doorman—Vinnie smiled and nodded, before closing the door.
Just before Baltor had rounded the final corner, he had already noticed that his two lady-friends were sitting on the couch and quietly conversing—evident by their faces, they were still happy, and by their slightly bloodshot eyes, a bit buzzed off the alcohol! His other new friends stood at the bar, ordering drinks.
Just after rounding that corner, Nadia was the first to look over and squeal, “Hey, Baltor, you cutie pie, get over here, and introduce us to all your new friends…okay?”
Upon reaching the couch, Baltor released a little chuckle before greeting, “I only know Joshua’s name…not these other gentlemen…but guess what? That musical artist, E Main, and his manager are coming up here to party with us…”
“Are you freaking serious,” Reva gasped with excitement, “Oh my God—I’ve listened to his music for the last nine years, ever since he had a website on MySpace—we even shared a few nice conversations back then. But now, E Main’s “a world famous artist,” and who am I but a girl from a small town he’s probably never heard of? Think you can introduce us, Baltor?”
“Sure…” he said with a nonchalant shoulder shrug and a smile, though he had no idea what MySpace was.
It was then that Joshua arrived, introducing, “Hey Baltor and ladies—this is Rufus, this is Jerome, and this is Carlo. Everybody, this is Baltor…and who are these stunning two ladies with you?”
After Baltor had shaken everyone’s hand in turn, he introduced, “These are my good homies—Reva and Nadia.”
They in turn shook hands and said all the little cordialities…like “What’s up?” or “Not much,” etc., etc.
Only a second after the last handshake had been concluded, Baltor sensed it before he saw it, but he knew that E was now upstairs.
Turning to look, his eyes confirmed his senses, as the man had just rounded the corner with another six-foot-four man by his side. He had silver, buzzed hair, wore sunglasses propped back on his head, and a thin, brown beard.
After waving his hand, Baltor said, “Hey, what’s up E? Glad you and your friend could make it—by the way, these are my special friends, Reva, Nadia, Joshua, Rufus, Jerome and Carlo! The redhead’s Reva.”
“Hey,” everybody said, using that term or a similar term.
Baltor observed that Reva was looking down to the ground and that her cheeks were flushed and red. She was feeling shy.
E, who had been looking at Reva, asked, “I know you Reva…don’t I?”
Suddenly overcoming her fears in that moment, she looked up with red-tinted cheeks, and said, “Yeah, I do—through MySpace. I’m surprised you remember me from nine years back…”
After laughing once, E responded, “I never forget any of my twenty million friends and fans through MySpace, Facebook, Twitter, etc.—even the ones in the beginning. It’s just they who forget about me…”
“Hmm, I never forgot about you—in fact, I still listen to all your music almost daily,” she hummed aloud.
Nadia added, “She does, which means I do too…I usually listen to country music, but as of late, I’ve become ‘a fan’—especially this song you just performed! I was shaking my booty the whole time…owwww!”
E couldn’t help but laugh, before bowing humbly and stating, “Thank you, my lady!”
Baltor had to know, so he asked, “What’s MySpace and Facebook and all that?”
E laughed yet again, before he answered, “Oh…those are internet-websites where I advertise all my music and books to people all over the world…there are now hundreds of millions of members from all over the world on it too.”
“Oh, wow,” Baltor said. The only two words his mind could not interpret were the words, “internet-website,” although he remembered hearing the first word back in the hotel.
Before he could ask what either of those words meant, Reva asked, “Well, can I please get a hug and an autograph?”
Giving her tight hug, E said, “Absolutely—I’ll give you both right now, back to back!”
After the hug had been released, about thirty seconds later, E pulled out a card with his photo, website and signature printed on it, and gave it to her—she took it and put it in her purse.
E was the next to speak as he introduced, “by the way, my friend and manager’s name is James.”
James did not say a word, but waved his free hand and gave a smile—E explained with a friendly smile a second later, “He’s not very talkative, except when he’s handling business…and he’s awesome at it!”
Just then, the tempo of the music had changed, transforming itself into the single most beautifully orchestrated tune Baltor had ever heard in his entire life—right away, everyone around him became forgotten, as his ears relished every single note and drumbeat this song produced.
That is, until two seconds later, Joshua had begun to spin his other pair of glow sticks all around his body on the dance floor, including around his knees, ankles and elbows.
“The fuel had been added to the fire,” and so Baltor said with a whole lot of excitement, “Hey guys…I’m going to go spin some lights in the middle of the dance floor…so if you guys want to watch, go ahead. If not, I’ll be back real soon…”
Without waiting for a response, as the song got only more and more intense with each passing second, he made his way for the dance floor, yet stopped a safe distance away from Joshua or anyone else. There, he took the glow-sticks out of his pocket, and after unrolling them, he noted for the first time that at the end of each foot-and-a-half-long string, there existed a small circular loop—just big enough for his index finger to slide through.
Before doing so, he first ripped off his T-shirt and threw it onto the couch so it would not hamper his movements, which single action drew every single woman’s attention on his very-muscular-and-tanned torso, caused quite a few to gasp in utter delight. One gal even fainted. After sliding his fingers through, he clenched his fist and relaxed his mind.
Using the glow-sticks in the same manner as he would use his swords, he began to spin and twirl those sticks all around his pivoting body using a wide variety of movements. Depending on the speed of the beet, sometimes slow-yet-unwavering and sometimes a million times faster than the eye could see. Instantly everyone in the entire room’s attention remained focused on Baltor, especially those few rolling on drugs…even Joshua stopped his spinning, so he could watch.
No doubt, every single person was “amazed”—even E fervently bopped his head up and down to the steady beat of the music, looking “highly entertained” as he continued to watch Baltor spin…
The second the beat changed—around four minutes later—Baltor concluded “his act” with both sticks becoming trapped and hidden away under his armpits, and then bowing for a couple of seconds.
The crowds, in turn, began to applause and cheer at the single greatest lightshow any of them had ever witnessed. After removing the strings from his fingers, he rolled them around the sticks, and placed them on the table next to the couch, where now sat Reva and Nadia—he henceforth picked up his T-shirt and put it on.
As soon as he had finished this task, the two girls rushed on him like moths to the flame—they then began to kiss his facial cheeks.
Only a couple seconds later, E walked around until he stood in front of Baltor before saying, “Those were some out-of-this-world moves you did there, bro! I’ve never seen anybody spin like that…you’re even better than I am—no doubt.”
While the two men spoke, the two women continued to listen, though both clung tight onto Baltor’s side.
“Thanks, my bro. You can spin?”
E laughed, before he answered, “Once upon a time before I became a rapper, I used to all the time at the clubs. But…it’s frowned on by the music industry, so I don’t anymore…maybe one day. Who knows? What I do know is that you, B, are very skilled not only in martial arts, yet with the sword…right??”
Sounding very surprised, Baltor asked, “How did you know?”
“Your moves said it all…only a martial artist can do such moves.”
“You’re right…are you a martial artist, as well?”
“I won’t lie and say that I am ‘a master,’ but yes, I know quite a few moves…all my art-forms focuses on ‘peace’ anyway, and fighting is only ‘a last measure,’ if all other measures have failed.”
“Me too,” Baltor smiled with complete agreement.
“So, where are you from?”
“I’m from Mississippi,” Baltor answered.
E’s left eyebrow scrunched just a bit, before he hummed, “Hmm, you don’t sound you’re from Mississippi—no southern twang there whatsoever in your voice. In fact, your accent is far different from any accent I’ve ever heard…a little like middle-eastern but not quite. You definitely have the complexion and the hair color to be from the Middle East.”
“That’s because I’m from the city and not the swamplands, is why,” Baltor answered right away, though he was starting to worry that he might soon get caught up in “this ruse!” This very worry became confirmed, as his telepathic thoughts only then heard E’s brain think, “I should ask him what city? ”
Baltor purposefully interrupted, “So how about you—where are you from?”
Baltor’s ploy obviously worked, as E answered right away, “Umm, California, originally…born and partially-raised, though I traveled about a lot as a kid because my father was a soldier in the Marine Corps—we were stationed all over the U.S. As an adult, I served five years in the Army, first as a signalman-paratrooper and later as a tank driver/commander, traveling all around the world and meeting new peoples.”
“Sounds like both you and your father are tough warriors…”
“I got tough on my own without his help. Anyway, I want to ask you, as I need to get going here in a minute: Why don’t you and your two lady friends come to my show tonight…for free? If you want, during all my dance songs of which I have two out of six, you can even spin some far-cooler lights on stage in front of tens of thousands of people—electronic LED lights that change color every second…yeah?”
Before Baltor could answer, the girls replied simultaneously, “Yeah!”
“All right,” Baltor said a second later. After laughing a couple of times, he added, “Sounds cool…”
After E had pulled out three paper tickets wrapped in plastic out of his side cargo pocket, which plastic had three black cloth cords wrapped around them all, he extended them out, before informing, “Perfect. When you guys get to the set of black-and-gold-colored steel doors in the back of the building, once again called Oktyabrsky Big Concert Hall, knock on it five times, wait thirty seconds, and then only twice more—even if you’re late…”
After taking a deep breath, he added, “One of the doormen posted inside, after seeing these tickets wrapped around your necks, will escort you to my dressing room. If you do want to spin, we’ll have a pair waiting for you…just ask my assistant James. These same tickets also allow you backstage after the show is over, for the ‘after show party.’ You’re welcome to attend that also…if you want.”
“Cool, E,” Baltor said, while extending his hand out. “Real nice to meet you, homie…”
“You too, Baltor,” E said, while shaking it.
Though Baltor’s eyes remained open the entire time, E’s did not as they closed. His eyebrows and forehead had also scrunched up, but that look only lasted a single second.
On the next, E’s eyes were once again open, although he still had those slightly furled eyebrows.
While still holding onto E’s hand, just in case he passed out or something, Baltor asked, “Are you all right?”
Releasing the handshake, E answered, “Yeah, I’m fine, B…there’s more to you than meets the eye, isn’t there, my friend?”
“Yes, there is, but I cannot talk about it right now, other than to say it’s not a bad thing why I’m here, but a good thing.”
“I see, good,” E stated with a nod. A second later, he looked over at James and asked, “James, you ready to go?”
“Yes, boss—whenever you are.”
The girls leapt like cats from Baltor to E, in order to give him a hug, and also a kiss on each cheek—Reva even planted an extra kiss on E’s lips right after, and said, “I always wanted to kiss the lips a world-famous rapper and author…and now I have! Thank you for all your wonderful art!”
“Author?” Baltor asked.
“You’ll see me tonight,” E laughed. “We’ll talk more later, B.”
Reva laughed. “Oh, ya, that’s right…I’m a little buzzed.”
After E had laughed, he looked over his manager, and said, “All right guys…let’s roll, James.”
“Yes boss. Later everyone,” James said. The two men, after still another final wave of the hands, departed.
Only seconds later, Joshua and his group of friends came up—in turn, they began to chitter-chatter about “world views and politics,” which views were “mainly negative.”
For the most part, Baltor remained silent about his opinions, except when asked a direct question on his thoughts about this leader, or that country—he always replied something to the effect of, “I honestly don’t know…nor have an opinion at this time.”
From what he gathered, most people in this world had not ever been happy with his or her financial situation—whether socialist, communist, or even democracy—even the girls were not happy.
Inevitably, Nadia revealed that she and Reva were “just barely scraping by” as they made five rubles over minimum wage—eight rubles an hour. After paying the bills and buying groceries, they were left with very little money. Furthermore, they weren’t happy because the Russian government condemned gays and lesbians.
It seemed as if only a half-hour had passed when Alexandra arrived, interrupting their conversation by saying, “Mr. Elysian, you and your guests have fifteen minutes left. If you would like more time, then that is great. What would you like to do?”
“Umm,” Baltor said, “Ring me up for two more hours, but as for me and my two lady-friends, I can tell when enough is enough…you need my card again?”
Neither of the girls objected, as they were shaking their heads.
“Yes, sir,” Alexandra answered, right away just before she took the card and turned to leave.
She was just about to leave, but Joshua tapped her shoulder before stating, “Actually we’ve all got to get going ourselves…my classmates and I have class within the hour at St. Petersburg University, but thank you.” He released her elbow.
She looked at Baltor with uncertainty as to how much to ring up on the card—he asked, “Did you get a tip for yourself?”
Alexandra answered, “Um, no sir…how much should I ring up?”
Nadia was the first to answer, “Five rubles.”
Instantly, Alexandra threw “a very sharp and irritated look” at Nadia, and was about to speak her mind, but changed her mind at the last second.
Baltor—seeing that “trouble could be lurking around the corner”—said right away, “Give yourself one hundred rubles.”
“Thank you, sir,” she clipped before walking away.
“Hey,” Reva asked in irritated tones, not even caring if the bartender heard, “Why are you rewarding that bitch for her awful treatment toward us?”
Baltor sighed, “Listen, girls, both of you. We’ve had nearly ‘a perfect time’ so far, so let’s not ruin it now…I was thinking that if you girls wanted, you could stay with me at my hotel room, and later, we can go to E’s show together, especially since I don’t know my way around here just yet, and you girls have the night off…yeah?”
“Yeah,” they both sighed, no longer mad.
Just then, Alexandra returned with card, slip of paper, and pen in hand—after he signed his name, she gave him back the card and the bottom half of the slip, and said, “You still have twelve minutes until your time is up—have a great day, folks.”
Without another word to anyone, she departed—in turn, the farewells were exchanged between the new group of friends, whereupon Joshua pulled out a hand-held device, opened the lid that revealed light, and said, “What’s your digits, man?”
“Digits?” Baltor asked. His mind had interpreted digits to mean numbers…what it couldn’t interpret was what numbers Joshua wanted, and why? His face instantly looked confused.
“You don’t have a phone?” Joshua asked.
“Oh—no I don’t. I should probably get one, today,” Baltor said, lightly bopping his head with his hand.
“Here,” Nadia suggested, “here’s my number. 001-2217-24-52321-1. Got it?”
Joshua replied heartily, “Yeah, I do. Nice to meet you all!”
“You too, Joshua,” Baltor said with a smile, just before he and the two ladies made their way down the stairs, and out the front door of the club that revealed the summery sun beating down on top, as well Butch and a long line of people waiting to get inside. It was then that Reva and Nadia gave this doorman a tight hug, before they grabbed a hold of Baltor around his elbows and paraded down the street to the left.
Along the way, just as they were about to pass by a woman’s accessories store to their left—obvious by the dresses, pants, shirts, jackets, hats, shoes, jewelry, and even sunglasses portrayed through the large-glass window next to the door—Reva stopped them all in their tracks.
She asked, “Listen…neither Nadia nor I mind staying with you in your room, but she and I will need to disguise ourselves with hats and sunglasses, especially because of all the video cameras, and we will need to go through the side entrance. Know what I mean?”
“Yes, I do, all too well,” he said—in unison and chuckling all the while, the three spun around until facing the door.
Reva immediately took the first step, still holding onto his hand all the while—she used her free hand to open the door, which action caused the sound of a little bell to tinkle.
Only ten seconds after entering, an elderly woman—possibly in her early fifties—walked up and asked, “Can I help you all?”
Nadia answered, “Umm, yeah. Where do you have all your hats and sunglasses at?”
With a point of her index finger and a smile, she said, “Hats are behind the glass counter…and sunglasses are inside it. Would you like assistance now?”
Reva answered, “Yes, please.”
“Follow me, please.” With that, the woman headed for the counter. After stepping behind it, she turned around and said, “Just let me know what you want, and I’ll get it for you.”
“Okay,” Nadia said while pointing her index finger, “I want to look at that thin-green-and-white hat hanging off the third row, and umm, I want, umm, those white glasses in the second row, please.”
“No problem,” the woman said, just before she retrieved both objects and set them down onto the glass counter.
While Nadia picked them up in order to put them on, Reva said, “And I want that red hat two rows up and three down—yeah that one. And I want these red sunglasses too…please and thanks.”
“No problem.”
Only a moment or two after Nadia had donned both items, she asked aloud while looking in the mirror, “What do you think?”
“Yes on the hat…no on the glasses,” Reva replied. “How about me?”
“Yes to both…I really-really love that hat,” she said adoringly, while taking off the sunglasses and setting them on the counter. She asked, “Can I please see those sunglasses? No, not that one…yeah, that one.”
After putting them off and glancing in the mirror, she looked over at her two friends, and asked, “Well? How do I look?”
Reva answered, “Cool,” while Baltor answered, “Good.”
“Cool…we’ll take all this.”
He took out his debit card and handed it over to the woman.
 Just before this woman could take it however, Nadia cried out, “No, we got this!”
“Don’t worry about it…it’s on me,” Baltor said nonchalantly. “In fact, if there’s anything else you see in the store you want, just let me know, and it’s yours.”
“Wow…you really are such a nice man,” Reva said with awe. “But what you got us will be just fine…at least for me. You, Nadia?”
“I’m good too,” Nadia answered. “Thank you, Baltor!”
“No problem,” he said with a nod.
Only a second before the card was about to be swiped through, he interrupted, “Ma’am, hold on.”
“Why?” she asked, already looking up with a scrunched forehead.
He answered, “Girls…you need to pick out attire for tonight’s event—on me and I don’t want to hear another word, other than ‘thanks’!”
“Thanks,” the girls said, before they spread out through the store to find an outfit they liked…this time, Baltor stayed where he was at, and the let womenfolk do what they had to do…
Nearly ten minutes later, they came back at the same time—Reva with a very sexy clubby black dress and matching high heel shoes, and Nadia with a sexy, blue, frilly shirt, a pair of white, shiny, leather pants, and a pair of white knee-high leather boots.
After the woman had rung everything through the register and then into the credit card machine, the receipt spit out, whereupon she handed it and also a pen to Baltor—without looking at the cost, he signed it, and she gave him the bottom-half of the receipt.
“Would you like everything bagged up?” the woman asked.
Nadia answered, “Just the clothes, please. We’re going to be wearing our hats and sunglasses out the store. Also, do you have some scissors, so we can cut off the price tags off everything first?”
“Of course, let me take care of that,” the woman answered, before beginning to do so. Shortly thereafter, she placed the scissors back where they belonged, and carefully bagged up the still-hanging-on-hanger clothes, and shoes. Upon completion, each girl took her bag—the woman said with a smile, “Thanks…come again.”
Once again wearing her brand-new hat and sunglasses, Reva replied, “You’re welcome. Have a great day!”
“You too.”
With that, the party of three exited out the store, making a sharp left…only five minutes later, yet another store was passed that contained men’s apparel from clothes, shoes, hats, etc.
Instantly, both girls stopped in front of the large selection of sunglasses—Reva was the first to ask, “I like those pair right there for Baltor…what do you think?”
“Umm, are you talking about the gold-and-blue sunglasses with the gold-tinted lenses?”
“Yes, that’s the one!”
After both girls kept trying to pull Baltor’s face her direction, all the while trying to imagine those sunglasses on his face, they mutually agreed, “Perfect!”
“I’ll be right back,” Nadia said, “I’m getting those for you—you guys wait right here.”
“Ah,” Baltor said, “you don’t have to get me anything…trust me I’ve got plenty of money and clothes.”
Nadia entered the store—Reva stayed and explained, “In our little world, Nadia and I believe that when we get something special, we give something special. Now, you’re in our world…yes?”
Nodding, Baltor answered, “Yeah—you two are soulmates!”
“Exactly,” she replied with a smile. “That is why even though I will flirt with you and I will kiss you, before and later, I will never do either without her being right there, or without her consent.”
“I totally understand,” he said, “although your guys—I should say ladies—relationship is very unique from most.”
“Yes, it is, very unique,” Reva laughed—only two seconds later, Nadia came out of the store, already holding the sunglasses in hand.
Together, each girl grabbed a corner, placing it snugly on his face—Nadia said, “Look at your reflection—you like…yes?”
“Yeah, I do,” he said, as he gazed at himself. “Thank you, ladies!”
“You’re welcome,” they responded, one right after the other.
Together, arm-in-arm, the three continued to stroll on up to the hotel—six blocks later, they ran across another place of interest for Baltor, which happened to be a car-lot.
As they passed by this lot, he asked, “Ladies, I’ve got a question.”
“Yes?” they both asked.
“How were we going to get to the show and back?”
“Umm, bus,” Nadia was the first to answer, “Why?”
Baltor said, “I really don’t like any of the cars in this here lot, but I would like to get a top-of-the-line sports car later on today, after you’ve ladies gotten your sleep…do you know of any places?”
“Of course, many places,” Reva was the first to answer with a very-knowing smile. “Do you know what type of car you want?”
“Umm, I’ll make that decision once we’re at the lot—so you think of a good place where price is not a consideration…okay?”
“Okay…”
Three blocks later, they reached the back entrance of the hotel. There, he slid his hotel card into the slot, and the three entered—there was an elevator, a staircase, and a hallway.
Without delay, he stuck the card into the elevator slot, pushed the “11” button, and waited for it to arrive, as it sat on the third floor. It only took a few seconds—the three entered. Baltor slid his card in one more time, before pushing the “11” button.
Right away, the elevator began to ascend—forty seconds later, it stopped at the top floor. After the door had opened, the party of three inevitably made their way—still arm in arm—into the entertainment room, and for the next couple of hours, they all kept “very entertained!”



CHAPTER XIII


Only minutes after the girls had fallen asleep in the bed at one in the afternoon, now wearing T-shirts and panties, Baltor turned on the television in the entertainment room and watched a documentary called “Gang life in Chicago,” talking about a wide variety of gangs and their violent and horrific crimes, including selling drugs and prostitutes, and murder.
Once that hour-long show that was over, he turned on the video game system and began to play a “live action” game where he was a U.S. Army Special Forces, set in the modern-era and equipped with a M-4 assault rifle, up to six grenades, and on occasion, anti-tank rockets. Any weapon dropped from any slain enemy could be taken and utilized, as could unmanned enemy vehicles be stolen and driven—like army jeeps, tanks and even helicopters. That is, if the vehicle had the keys in the ignition, which was about ten percent of the time…or if he hotwired the vehicle, in which this was a skill that had percentage levels to determine his level of success.
At 7 p.m., he semi-reluctantly turned off the entertainment center, as he had been having “a blast,” and had even formed his own “elite squad,” consisting of a dozen gamers from all around the world—not too surprising, they followed his strategic orders without question and they had never lost a battle.
However, Baltor knew that the time had come for him to get ready for E’s show. He therefore took a nice, hot shower, before drying off and dressing into his own brand-new outfit—a black velvet sport jacket, a sparkling-blue collared shirt, a pair of black slacks, and finally, a pair of black dress shoes. Everything had been neatly folded inside a plastic bag in one of his suitcases.
At 7:30, just after he had finished combing his hair and putting it in a tight ponytail, he called room service, ordering a nice selection of foods, including two lattes and one double-espresso.
Room service had responded that it would take ten minutes for the drinks to arrive, and thirty minutes for the food, which timeframes Baltor felt would be good for the girls to shower, dress and be ready.
After entering his bedroom, he saw they were still sleeping blissfully away. A second later, he sat at the very edge of the bed, while gently calling out their names and telling them to wake up.
Yawning, Nadia was the first to say, “Wow…I’m still exhausted.” Reva’s mostly squinted eyes could only nod her head in agreement.
After releasing a little chuckle, Baltor kept his smile as he revealed, “Well, I got us some of those drinks we ordered this morning, in order to wake us all up—lattes for Reva and I, and a double-espresso for you, Nadia! They should be up here in a few minutes longer…meantime, I figured you guys could shower and get ready for the show. Yeah?”
“Yeah,” both girls said in unison and with appreciative smiles. Before Baltor could leave, Nadia had grabbed his hand as she led him back down to the bed, and began to kiss up-and-down his left arm.
Before Reva could join in, however, he slipped loose of the grip, stood back to his feet, and said, “Later, and after the show…we really don’t have the time right now. Besides, as you can clearly see, I’m already to go.”
“Awww,” both girls sighed with disappointed looks. “Okay…”
Baltor shrugged his shoulders one time, before turning around, exiting the bedroom and entering the entertainment room. A cardboard container now lay on a table, just next to the servants’ door, containing three large cardboard cups with plastic lids, revealing steam that continuously blew out the little mouth-holes.
After walking over and picking up the container from the bottom, he was just about to take it all into his bedroom when Reva unexpectedly opened the door—still only wearing a T-shirt.
She both sounded and looked shy, as she asked, “Nadia and I are wondering about your boss’s whereabouts? We don’t want him to see us both like this wandering about his suite and wonder what the hell staff is doing here…we should have thought of this before, but we didn’t. Sorry.”
Baltor hated to lie, but if he told the full truth that his boss was sleeping in a comatose state and would be for a whole week, they would think them both “weird.” Therefore, he strategically replied, “Oh, don’t worry about my boss. He is handling some personal business and will be predisposed for the entire week—next week is the time when he and I start working. Trust me, the odds of you girls running into him are a billion-to-one.”
“Okay, thank you,” she said, sounding much more relieved—with that she poked her head back, and said, “Come on Nadia…the coast is clear.”
Before he knew it, the two girls were already at his position, each girl picking up her designated cup. After giving him another quick kiss on the cheek, they moseyed their way into the bathroom, but they did not close the door—a few seconds later, the shower water could be heard running.
Meanwhile, as Baltor was already “good to go,” he sat down on the couch, turned on the television, and flipped it to “The Historical Channel,” in which a commercial happened to be playing about buying car insurance.
Not even thirty seconds later, just as that stupid commercial was ending, which commercial involved a rhino that had rear-ended another car and the rhino told the human that he didn’t have any insurance, Baltor heard one of the girls say from inside the bathroom, though he wasn’t sure which one, “You can join us if you want too…”
After muting the television with the click of a button, Baltor laughed, “We can’t—especially if we’re going to get that car!”
Unexpectedly, he heard both girls beginning to laugh quite hysterically…now sounding very confused, he asked, “Why are you girls laughing?”
Again uncertain as to who spoke, one of the girls answered, “There’s no way we have time to buy a car and get to the show on time…you’re going to have to take care of that tomorrow morning!”
“Well, how long does it all take,” Baltor asked. Without waiting for an answer, he elaborated his question, “how long should it take when it’s just a matter of me giving the salesperson my plastic, and once the sale goes through the little machine a half-minute later, the car keys are given to me so I can drive off the lot, right?”
Again came the hysterical laughter—before he could ask why they were laughing this time, the other girl answered, “It’ll take at least two-to-four hours, silly, in which three hours is the typical time. Have you ever bought a car before?”
“Personally, no. I’ve ridden in them before, of course, but never bought one—haven’t had too.”
“Oh,” he heard one say, “You just ride around with your mentor in a limo all the time, yes?” Yet again came the giggling.
“Yeah…”
The giggling stopped as one of the girls informed, “On a serious note, Baltor, both Nadia and I have to work at the hotel tomorrow night. Fortunate for you is the fact that we are still on spring break from college until next week, which is when we both next have class, or we wouldn’t have been able to party with you after the club earlier today, or go to the show tonight…understand?”
“Yeah, I do, girls, and I’m really glad we’ve been having an awesome time—thanks!”
“No problem,” Nadia answered. “We’ll be done in the shower in ten minutes, so you know.”
“Okay.”
It was then that the last of the commercials ended, and the historical program began, called, “The lost world of the Mayans…”
For the next ten minutes or so, Baltor observed a male narrator who revealed his recent discovery on a tropical island that existed three hundred miles to the west of Chile—an island, interestingly enough, called “Apocalypse Island.”
The narrator went on to reveal, through video-footage and narration, that there were only two ancient Mayan structures on it, both holding great importance, especially in the year of 2,012 as it marks the end of the Mayan calendar—the race had mysteriously vanished five centuries earlier. A large stone statue displaying two combined images—one of a crouched jaguar, which was the symbol of Mayan royalty; and two, the picture of their “Sun God!”
Though this program had mesmerized Baltor, which program still had another forty-five minutes to go until its end, the girls abruptly stood in his way in that next moment, now wearing white bathrobes and white towels wrapped around their hair.
“Yes?” he asked, trying to keep his cool but feeling a little frustrated, especially because this program/island could be the very key he and Trendon needed to know, in order to discover where/how/when the Vompareus would be arriving. Most likely in the winter solstice of 2,012, because it happened to be the longest night of the year and the date that the narrator said would mark the final day on the Mayan calendar. Perhaps on this very Apocalypse Island?
Nadia said, “Well, we have a bit of a problem.”
“Yes?”
“We don’t have our make-up or hairspray here—it’s all at our apartment. Is there anyway, right after we eat, that we can hurry up over there? Actually, it’s only fifteen blocks away from the—”
She was about to continue, but there was a knocking at the servants’ door that interrupted her—from the other side, they heard a man ask, “Excuse me sir? We have your food here now.”
Without a word, Baltor jabbed his index finger toward the bathroom. Getting the idea, the two girls bolted into the bathroom at top speed, closing the door behind them.
It was then that he nonchalantly said, “Come on in.”
Two servants entered—one servant pushed a cart-on-wheels holding five small steaming trays of food, as well a bottle of white wine with three crystalline glasses. The other servant pushed along a table-on-wheels. After entering, he unfolded the table legs out one at a time and flipped it over until standing on its legs. He and the other busboy began setting the table for three people.
It was then that Baltor refocused his attention back to the program, which had just begun another commercial break—again about buying car insurance! He silently thought with quite a bit of frustration, How many freaking commercials do these television programs have? How annoying.
After the servants had finished, which included setting up a foldable barstool behind each place setting, they stood idly by looking at Baltor with expectation—figuring out the looks, he handed over a one-hundred-ruble bill. “Split it.”
In turn the servants said with gratitude, “Thanks, sir,” before leaving.
Upon hearing the elevator door shut with the busboys in it, a fast-food commercial had begun playing on the television—at the same time, Baltor said, “You girls can come out now…time to eat!”
They did come out—though they now donned their new clothes, their hair was still wrapped up in a wrapped towel. Even without makeup, he realized they were both very beautiful women.
“All right, we’re starving,” Reva was the first person to respond. She and Nadia rushed for the table.
After Baltor had picked up the remote, he walked over to the table. Once there, he assisted them by removing all the lids to the trays, which entrees revealed: three juicy steaks, three pieces of rotisserie chicken, three Cajun fish filets, a whole pound of mashed potatoes, and a half-pound of green beans.
Nadia looked at all the food in shock, and said, “There’s no way we’re going to be able to eat all of this—at least not Reva and I. Maybe you, as you are such a big and strong and powerful man.”
He laughed, “Well, I didn’t know what you guys wanted…so I got a little bit of everything.”
Already had the girls begun scooping food onto their plates…as they had not yet grabbed at the chicken, he picked up a leg and set it onto his plate.
Once all their plates were set up, even though Baltor had not been hungry nor would he be ever, he still ate and drank along with the girls, as they shared “a very friendly dinner conversation.”
After dinner, Baltor asked, “So…how are we going to get to your apartment?”
“Umm, actually,” Reva revealed, “While we were in the bathroom, Nadia called a cab company to pick us up in…ten minutes from now. The cabdriver is already aware that he or she is to wait for us to finish doing our hair and make-up at my apartment, before taking us to the show…yes?”
“Yes.”
“Hold on a second, and we’ll be ready to go…we need to grab our sunglasses and hats first and put them on. Okay?”
“Okay.”
After the girls had returned, shortly thereafter, he saw that they were once again wearing their hats/sunglasses that did not match with their new attire whatsoever. He forced himself to not laugh, but asked, “Ready?”
Sounding and looking uncomfortable, both answered, “Yes…”
Nadia then asked, “Do you still have the tickets?”
“In my back pocket,” Baltor answered with a wink.
“Great—let’s go!” Reva added, just before they left the suite and the hotel out the side entrance—once again arm-in-arm.
Within five minutes, the three were now riding in the cab, which the cabbie began driving them to Nadia and Reva’s apartment’s parking lot—ten minutes later, the cab stopped.
Nadia stated, “Just wait out here, Baltor. We’ll be back in ten minutes, we promise…it won’t take us long to get ready. Okay?”
“Okay…”
Without another word, the girls exited the cab, before bolting for the front door—after Nadia had it unlocked, they ran inside and closed the door.
Meanwhile, Baltor waited in silence…once again his thoughts began to dwell on all of the information he had learned about this Apocalypse Island. He also began to ponder the fact that his master would be quite proud of him for having learned what he did…even though he had only been technically ordered to be “on vacation.”
Perhaps eight minutes later, the passenger side of the cab’s door opened, and in turn, the two girls entered the cab—though he noticed that both girls’ hair still had “the wet look,” their hair actually looked really good, as did their faces that now donned a real-glitzy type of silver eyeliner, eye shadow, and glossy red lipstick…
“Wow,” he said with a lot of amazement, “you ladies look so, so, so beautiful!”
“Thanks,” they said, “as do you.”
After closing the door, Reva stated, “Okay, cabbie…we’re ready to go! You still remember where to go, right?”
“Yes ma’am,” the cabdriver sighed, “Oktyabrsky Big Concert Hall.”
“Thank you.”
“You are welcome, young lady.”
“By the way, can you drop us off in the back of the building, please? We’ve got VIP passes.”
“You’ve got it.”
The rest of the voyage was spent in complete silence, as the girls continued to fine-tune their makeup and hair—therefore, Baltor paid attention to the route and to all of the beautiful buildings.
Four minutes after having left the apartment, the cab pulled up in front of the black-and-gold door. After Nadia had paid the cabdriver, which included a fifty-ruble tip, the three exited the cab…only seconds later, Baltor handed the girls their tickets.
As soon as both girls had a ticket in-hand, they unwrapped the cord before wrapping them around their neck like necklaces—he followed suit.
“One more thing I need to do for you before you…quote-unquote ‘knock the secret knock,’” Nadia said with a point of her index finger.
Baltor’s eyebrows and forehead furled a tad bit, just before he asked, “What’s that?”
“Fix your shirt…hold on.” She did just that, including tucking the bottoms into his pants, unbuttoning the top two buttons, and pulling out the collars just a smidgeon. “There.”
He knocked “the secret knock” on the door.
The door opened, and a bald man poked just his head around the corner—already could a very loud cheering be heard coming from somewhere within, but no music. Without haste, after seeing the “official backstage passes,” he answered with a wave of his hand, “Come on in, good folks…welcome to Oktyabrsky Big Concert Hall.”
The second that the “party of three” stood inside the large hallway of the building, a different security guard closed the door behind them—standing ahead of them in a loose circle were six more of these very-muscular men, chatting amongst each other. All wore the same white T-shirt, bearing an abstract blue-colored pattern spread across the chest—inside the pattern were the red and white letters that prominently read, “E Main—World Tour ’11!”
The bald man snapped his fingers a few times into the air, before saying, “Kristopher, please take our VIP guests to see Mr. Harthway—he’s in E Main’s dressing room.”
“Yes, boss,” Kristopher replied. This solid man had curly blonde hair and sea-blue eyes. He gestured toward the group of three with a respectful wave of his hand, before asking, “Follow me, please?”
After nodding, the group followed, as he led them down a very long hallway that had large steel double-doors—evenly spread thirty feet away from each other on both sides of the hallway. On the back of Kristopher’s shirt was the red-lettered word: “SECURITY.”
Perhaps a half-minute later, the group of four reached the sixth door on the right, which door possessed a gold star on it that read, “E Main.” In that same moment, music began to play from inside the auditorium, as did the cheering.
Once at the door, Kristopher knocked, and only a moment later, some man’s voice could be heard inside, saying, “Come in.”
Kristopher opened the door, and gestured for the three to enter first—E sat in a swiveling chair facing the other way, but he was gazing at them all through a mirror. Standing to his right and leaning against the wall was his manager, James. Six other classy-looking people sat in the couches in the middle of this classy-looking room, four of which were girls.
Without turning around, E greeted with a hearty smile and a wave, “Hey B, Reva, Nadia! Glad you guys could make it.”
“Who’s that playing music now?”
“Oh…that’s my opening act, a rock/hip-hop group called ‘Dusted-off Dreams.’”
“Cool…when do you actually start?”
“Umm,” E replied, just before looking down at his watch for a second. After tapping the glass shielding on the watch twice, he looked up and answered, “In twenty-five minutes, but I’ve got to leave for the auditorium in twenty. In the meantime, while we’re waiting, do you guys want a drink or something? We have alcohol too.”
“Yeah,” Baltor said with quite a bit of appreciation, “Thanks!”
“Us too, please,” Reva and Nadia both replied at the same time.
After chuckling a few times along with everyone else, due to the girls saying the same words at the same time, E said, “Jenna will take care of your drinks for you…please sweetie?”
With a smile, Jenna nodded, stood up, and walked over to a large dark-stained wood bar that had a dozen cushioned stools sitting around it, located at the far-right corner of the room—hundreds of full liquor bottles filled the shelves. A large refrigerator filled with beverages of all types sat behind that bar.
Once she stood behind the bar, she turned around and gestured with one of her hands at all the different types of drinks.
“I’ll have a Heineken,” Reva said.
“Me too, please,” Baltor added.
Nadia asked, “Can I please have a Michelob Ultra?”
“Sure,” Jenna replied with a smile, “I’ll be right over with your drinks…if you want, just take a seat over at the couches, or whatever. Have a good time!”
“Thanks,” all three said at the very same time, just before taking seats but not at the same time.
Once seated, Baltor looked over at E and asked, “I remember hearing from someone that you are an author, as well a musical artist?”
Smiling from ear to ear, E said with a nod, “Yes, sir!”
Baltor asked, “What kind of books have you written?”
E answered, “My first is a who-done-it mystery novel, and my other three is an Epic Fantasy Trilogy. All are available for online purchase…through Ebooks and POD.”
“What are Ebooks and POD?”
“Ebooks are electronic books that you can read on the latest phones and mini-computers. Print on demand—well, you order and pay, they make and ship.”
“Wow…that’s awesome,” Baltor replied with a very respectful nod to his head. Only a moment later, Jenna had placed a bottle of beer into his hands. “I love reading anything I can get my hands on.” He took a drink.
After laughing for a few moments, E said, “Yeah, I know what you mean—but then it’s real hard to be a reader anymore, especially once you’ve become an author.”
“Why is that?” Nadia asked, mainly because she wanted to be a part of the conversation. She took a nice-sized drink.
“No time to read anymore, Nadia,” E answered. “Trust me, I got a whole lot more ideas for books…I’m nearly done writing another book, a romance for all the ladies!’”
“Wow,” Reva said, “I can’t wait to read it!”
E replied, “Thanks! You know what I think is most awesome about being an author and a musician, out of everything?”
“What?”
“Even though I know that my body will die, sooner or later, yet hopefully much, much, much later, my author’s name and spirit shall forever be immortalized, well, so long as there is a civilized civilization.”
Hearing that comment, Baltor cast a slightly suspicious look at E, of whom he saw was looking right back.
Only a moment later, E’s facial expression changed to “suspiciousness,” just before he asked, “What?”
“No—nothing, my friend. Well, let me reiterate…I’m just shocked and impressed at hearing someone else speak so ambitiously about everything. That’s all! Most people are depressed and non-motivated.”
“True,” E said, just before his look changed back to normal. “Confidence and ambition are the two very keys to transcending the obstacles limiting our path, so that we can achieve ultimate success.”
“True, true,” Baltor replied. “You wouldn’t happen to have a copy of your books I could get, would you? I’ll buy them from you.”
“I’ll tell you what, B. Because I like you, I will mail you a copy of all my books for free…hey, I’m rich now, though for most of my life I was piss-poor.”
“You’d give me a copy of both your books for free?”
“Yeah, why not, but I’ll need your mailing address because I don’t have them with me as they’re back in the States,” E said. “And hey, if you love what you read which I’m sure you will, please don’t forget to write a review.”
“Cool, thanks, my man! I will.”
Just then, James’s phone rang, which interrupted everyone in the conversation—the one and only word he used was “yeah.”
On the sixth yeah, he hung up the phone, and said, “Hey boss…your opening act said they have only one seven-minute long song left, as one of their rappers got sick and couldn’t make it. We need to get you out there…”
“Yup,” E said, just before he rose to his feet, and said, “You guys can come along, if you want, and watch from the side of the stage. Oh, B…were you interested in spinning?”
“Umm, no, that’s okay,” Baltor said.
“Come on,” E said, throwing both open-palmed hands up. “How about just for the song you heard me perform earlier today, ‘Beneath it all’? The girls will really dig that sheet around here…yeah?”
“Please, B…you got too,” Reva squealed, jumping up and down.
“All right, guys, yeah,” Baltor replied.
“Cool, cool. You got those lights, right James?”
“Yes, boss. Here they are, B!”
After Baltor had stuck them both in his pocket, he replied, “Thanks…”
With that, everyone in the room followed behind E and James, as they led the way to the stage—they could still hear some bass-pounding music with a group of people screaming out the lyrics to a chorus line! The crowd was already in an uproar…
James opened the eighth door on the left, where stood two more security guards—the group followed.
The noise in this room was almost deafening, especially because they now stood behind a curtain that stood near two massive speakers on top of another pumping out all types of rhythmic sounds—to their left could be a small portion of the audience, of who were waving their hands and arms around with a lot of excitement. Right in front of them and to the right stood the stage, as well one black man who was currently rapping out his verse.
Baltor observed as E poked everything above his torso around the corner of the curtain—hundreds of ladies out there saw him and immediately either began to scream out in ecstatic glee, or scream out his name in desire, “E Main!”
After confidently waving to them all, he ducked behind the curtain, put his sunglasses over his eyes, and took a deep breath—a few seconds later, he relaxed it, and then sucked in yet another deep breath.
All the while, Baltor observed with a piqued expression on his face, at how similar E and he were. A few moments later, just before the chorus line was about to begin, E looked across at all his friends, nodded, and said, “E Main’s now here to save the day…so if you’ll excuse me? Thanks…”
With that, James extended out the microphone—E took it and went out onto the stage, singing along with the other rappers who had only now just begun to sing the chorus line. Instantly thousands of girls began to scream all crazily, especially upon seeing E walking out!
Meanwhile, the group of four watched where they were at, bumping their heads up and down the whole time…until finally, the song reached its conclusion, though there remained a steady rhythmic beat, and E began saying motivational words, like, “Put your hands up, St. Petersburg—yeah I see you having a good time! What’s up? E Main’s here to save da day. Whoo!”
With that, thousands in the audience whooped emphatically back.
Combining with the beat were the strangest yet coolest sounds Baltor had ever before heard. It sounded synthesized, yet it also sounded like an entire orchestra was playing.
Quickly the beat faded, yet the orchestra sounds continued…until finally, an ethnic male’s voice could be heard echoing these words, “E…E…Prrwaaat!”
From all around the room, laser lights began blasting here and there…causing unique patterns to show throughout the entire room.
Sixteen seconds later, again came that male’s voice as he said, “E…E…Prrwaat!”
Again the crowed whooped vigorously! Although they did not quiet down, E began, “None of you have heard this song before—it’s a brand new rock song I just made up. I hope you like it.”
After pointing to the DJ, the DJ began to play the next tune. E began, “Hollywood baby…that’s where we’re going. The land of milk and honey…you feel me. Hahaha!”
Then he sang his chorus line, “Hollywood—Hollywood bound—playing my harmonica in every little town! Hollywood—Hollywood bound—rising up from the underground! Hollywood—Hollywood bound—playing my harmonica in every little town! Hollywood—Hollywood bound—rising up from the underground!”
It was then that the chorus line ended and the verse began. He did not stop as he now rapped into the microphone, “Standing at the corner of fifty-five and eighty, with my thumb held high, up in the air. Looking for the gal driving topless Mercedes—take us down, down to Hollywood Squares. We’ll pay our gas fares with all the shows we snare—make the crowds wave around like they just don’t care. Through each and every town we selling all our wares—CDs, hats, T-shirts, all at cheap fares. Doing our thing right up on this stage—all having a good ole time, players. After having traveled, all across this nation—inevitably reach, reach our destination. There’ll be no, no procrastination—it’s an uphill battle we all facing. When all the other acts are all perpetrating—don’t you dare be mistaken, we the bacon!”
The chorus kicked in only a moment later, and all the backup rappers on stage sang out simultaneously, “Hollywood, Hollywood bound—playing my harmonica in every little town! Hollywood, Hollywood bound—rising up from the underground! Hollywood, Hollywood bound—playing my harmonica in every little town! Hollywood, Hollywood bound—rising up from the underground!”
Following the chorus, E kicked off his second verse, “At the end of this trip—we hitting Sunset Strip. Looking at all the pretty gals showing so much skin—seeing all the stars who act like they up-to-par. Passing all them cars that look like they straight from Mars. ‘Fore hitting all the bars like the Whiskey A Go Go, Sipping on some Royale or a little bit of Petron. ‘Fore hitting the clubs and throwing up them dubs—‘Fore performing at the Roxy or the Troubadour. So long as we get paid—we’ll stop your way. Whether from Midway all the way to Norway, but for now, I need to get my plays, and that’s why I’m heading, heading to L.A. And if you want to tag along, well go ahead and come along, we going to have a party all night long, we going to rock as we record a new song. That’s how we do, never stop rising from the underground!”
Again came the chorus line. By now the crowds were now in “a frenzy!” Hands were either holding lit lighters or wildly clapping and/or waving in the air; voices (both male and female) were singing at the top of their lungs; feet were dancing in place!
On the third and final verse, another rapper picked up where E left off—as for E himself, he ecstatically began walking up and down the lengths of the stage with a huge smile on his face, warmly slapping the peoples’ extended-out hands upon passing.
Once that rapper had finished his verse, in which Pit B identified himself at the end of that verse, the chorus line recommenced one final time—this time, E crouched down on his knees in the very front of the stage while singing out the lyrics and holding the mike out toward the crowds! The ladies were all trying to reach out for him with all that they had…two or three of them were able to touch the tips of his knees with their fingertips.
After the chorus line was over, amidst the beat that slowly faded away, E stayed right where he was crouched on the floor, and said, “I’m going to slow down the tempo for this next song, for all you rock-and-roll lovers out there, and also so I can catch my breath. Trust me, any and all true fans of mine out there will not only love this song, yet have it committed to heart. Whooooooo!”
“Whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!” the crowds called out.
In the end, E performed all eight songs, in which all of them were “unbelievably amazing” in Baltor’s opinion. Suffice it to say that it felt like “a blur” in how quick the night seemed to go…especially after Baltor had taken off his shirt, and spun the prismatic lights during E’s second-to-final song, “Beneath it all.”
As E performed his final song, still another rap group joined him in the chorus lines…once over, amidst all the cheering and whooping, he introduced, “Let’s put it up for Crucial Bones!”
Just as ballistic, the crowds cheered as the new rappers began with their latest song, in which E of course jubilantly joined in with the ad-libs and the chorus line. Once his part in the show was over, which was when the very next song began, he again waved to everyone on the stage, exited and watched from the sidelines as the new group of rappers commenced.
Once the show was over, nearly an hour later, and nearly five-dozen people (including the entertainers) were ready—all VIP—they all followed James and E to the large backstage area, designated as “the after show.”
There, they “whooped it up with the other rappers” to the early morning hours.
Unfortunately for Baltor, however, he never really got another chance to talk to E alone as the man was busy all night long chatting with his fans and fellow rappers—finally, the time came when Nadia said, “We’re so tired. Can we go real soon?”
“Uh, yeah,” Baltor said. “Let me say bye to E.”
“Us too,” Reva cooed—the three walked up to where E sat amongst two dozen people, relaying some type of humorous story, as all were laughing hysterically.
“Hey, guys,” E said while still laughing a bit. “Having a great time?”
“Yeah,” the three answered—Baltor added a second later, “but we got to get going…the girls are tired.”
“Ah, that’s too bad. So do you still want those books?”
“Yeah,” Baltor said. “Is there any way I can just get your phone number, and get a hold of you tomorrow with my address? I’m in between homes right now.”
“Umm, yeah, sure,” E said.
Immediately Reva was “on the ball” as she pulled her phone out—before revealing his number, E added, “now I have one of the new ‘universal phones,’ so all you have to do is dial 0-1-327-2734. And that’s it. Cool?”
“Cool…” Baltor said. Reva shut her phone a second later.
“Well, man,” E said, while walking over and extending his hand out. “Have a safe trip home tonight.”
“Thanks, bro,” Baltor said just before he shook his hand. Once over a second later, the girls next gave E a hug and a kiss on the cheek. Following, Baltor and the girls made their way for the exit.
Only seconds after stepping outside—still revealing the night skies—Reva opened up her phone, and began dialing a number.
Baltor asked, “Who are you calling?”
“A cab to get us to the apartment. Do you just want to sleep over at our place tonight?”
“Uh, yeah,” Baltor said. “That’s cool.”
“Great!” Nadia said.
Fifteen minutes later, they arrived back at the girls’ apartment—not surprising to Baltor, five minutes earlier, the girls had already fallen asleep.
While lightly shaking the both of them, Baltor said, “We’re home, guys…time to get up now so you can go to bed.”
“What?” Reva sleepily asked.
“You’re home now…listen, I changed my mind. I’m going to go to my room. Just call my room right after you guys wake up…okay? I really need to talk to you right as soon as you first wake up, as I got another great idea for fun…but I will leave that ‘a surprise.’ Okay?”
“Okay,” Nadia answered. “Wait. I don’t have the number of the penthouse suite, and it will really sound suspicious if I am calling and asking for the number, especially since everyone there knows my voice. So that is not such a good idea…here’s a good idea. Take my phone for now…we’ll call you on it through Reva’s phone. Okay?”
With that, the girls gave him a tight hug and kiss, before they handed over sixty rubles to the cabdriver, and exited the cab.
The cabdriver henceforth drove Baltor back to his hotel—there, he exited the car and entered the front doors. Though it was nearly three in the morning, a large group of nine beautiful women sat around on the lounge seats, and looking bored—already most of them had begun to look admiringly at Baltor.
Deciding he was done with people for now, he ignored them all as he made his way to the elevator, slid the card in, waited for the elevator to go down, and entered when it did open—the mirror revealed that all of the women were staring hardcore right at him.
One second before the door closed, Baltor threw up a friendly wave of his hand. Before that second had ended, eight hands were waving back. After making it back into the suite, and looking through all the common areas, he saw that Trendon was nowhere to be seen—he opened the door and peeked just his head inside. His body could be seen breathing up and down under the blankets in the nearly pitch-black room.
After silently shutting the door, Baltor went into his bedroom—even though he wasn’t physically tired, he wanted to escape from this reality and meditate all he had learned since arriving to Earth…a whole lot. So that is exactly what he did, lying in his own bed with the lights out…before he knew it, he had zonked out.
Upon awaking at 12:18 in the afternoon, per the alarm clock, Baltor abruptly sat up in bed, pulled out the phone that was now slightly vibrating every thirty seconds in his pants pocket, and gazed at out—on the top screen, it revealed, “3 missed calls.”
As he had witnessed Nadia use the phone a few times the night prior, he opened the lid and gazed at the very same message on the inside of the lid—underneath that message read a much smaller message, “See missed calls.”
He pushed the appropriate button, which instantly revealed that two of the missed calls had come from Nadia’s phone, of which both had voicemails—the earliest phone call had come from someone named “Rudolph” at 8:04 a.m., and had no voicemail.
Baltor clicked the voicemail button—a second later, Reva’s voice said gleefully, “Hey Baltor—it’s Reva!” In the background he heard Nadia’s voice interrupt, “And Nadia—just calling you like you told us too. Give us a call whenever you’re up and get this message…bye!”
After the electronic voice operator had given him a small list of options of that to do with the voicemail, Baltor pushed “one,” which deleted it from the phone’s memory banks. The second message then began, also from Reva, “Hey Baltor—it’s us again…it’s noon and we haven’t heard from you yet…you must be passed the hell out, yes? Well, give us a call as soon as you’re up, please—oh, one more thing, Nadia and I are on the schedule tonight, so if we meet up, it will only be able to be for a couple hours tops, as we have to work at seven tonight…okay? Give me a call…muah!”
Again, Baltor pushed the one button, in order to delete the message—once deleted, he pushed the callback button, which instantly caused the phone to begin to ring.
Two rings later, the phone was picked up, and Nadia greeted, “Hey Baltor—how are you today?” She sounded wide awake and chipper.
“Great…I passed out a little longer than I thought I was going too…just woke up about five minutes ago.”
“No problem. So what was your surprise? I got Reva with me right now…she’s listening too.”
Nadia greeted, “Hey Baltor—muah!”
“Okay, muah back,” Baltor said, “I know it’s really-really-really short notice and all, but I was wondering if you girls could perhaps get the rest of the week off until next Monday night?”
“I honestly don’t think so—why?” Nadia was the first to ask.
“Because I want to travel and explore the world until then—with you two girls at my side—it’ll be tons of fun! My mentor called me earlier and said that we won’t be able to start business off until next Tuesday, so that means I’m free to do whatever until then. And what I really want to do is to explore the histories of this world—I want to go see the Mayan ruins near Cancun, Mexico for sure.”
“Well,” Reva answered with a whole lot of doubt in her voice. “It does sound like a ton of fun, but I really don’t know if we’re going to be able to make that happen…two girls getting off work from the hotel during the same week is going to be very-very-very difficult to say the least.”
Baltor suggested, “Listen…try bribing a couple of your co-workers with a thousand rubles each, as well your boss, to let you go. Furthermore, I will help pay this next month’s rent.”
“Okay,” Nadia said most-excitedly in the background, “We will make some calls. And when we get our answer, hopefully yes, we will call you!”
Baltor replied with an ear-to-ear smile, “Perfect—call me when you do get an answer, but I am willing to go as high as three thousand rubles for each person you try, though start off with one thousand. Also, let me get E’s number from you right away—I want to talk to him.”
“Okay, hold on,” Reva said. A second later, she asked, “do you have a pen?”
“Don’t need one.”
“The number is 0-1-327-2734.”
“Thanks,” Baltor said. He repeated back the numbers, for verification, and then asked, “Yeah?”
“Yes,” both girls said simultaneously.
“Oh, one more thing to let you know before I go, and that is that I’ll be calling E from the hotel’s phone, as I heard you say you don’t have free daytime service.”
“Thanks again,” Reva said, “Bye.”
“Bye…”
After clicking off the phone and setting it on the bed next to him, Baltor pulled out his driver’s license and looked at it for the very first time. Fortunately, it revealed his name to be his own, yet surprisingly, right under his name it read, “123 Broadway St., Jackson, Mississippi, 39201”.
After doing “a double-take” to make sure his eyes weren’t deceiving him, and seeing that all the info still read exactly the same, Baltor sighed aloud in wonderment, “Huh…I wonder if maybe this address is an additional place I should check out sometime this week? Maybe for an additional reason than just getting my new books from E?”
Just then, his sleuthing thoughts were interrupted as the phone began to ring—looking over the phone’s screen, he saw it was Reva or Nadia calling.
Right away, he opened the lid, clicked the green button, and asked, “Yes?”
With quite a bit of excitement, Reva said, “Well, we’re one-third of the way there! I just got done talking to my boss, and for three thousand rubles, she will—this one time—let us slip. That is, if we can get two people to fill our shift…call you back!”
Without even giving him a chance to say “bye,” she hung up the phone—Baltor couldn’t help but laugh to himself one single time.
Realizing that he was still feeling a bit grimy from last night, he rose out of bed, headed for the bathroom, and entered—right away he began to take a nice hot shower. Once done with that, five minutes later, he wrapped a towel around himself before he began to groom his hair with a comb.
For the first time in a very long time, he began to examine himself closely, especially his hair that had grown very long yet hung about. Perhaps a minute later, Baltor made the decision to shave off the goatee, so he picked up the packaged set of razorblades, opened the package, took out a blade and began to shave off his all his facial hair, while only using running water as a lather.
A minute later, Baltor looked amongst the box of other goodies that all sat next to the sink—stuffed inside the box were cans of hairspray, bottles of skin lotions and hair gels, scissors, black rubber bands, barrettes, etc.
After applying the entire small bottle of skin lotion all over his face and body, he next combed out his hair—following, he tightened it all into a ponytail on the back of his head, and laced the gold hoop around it.
Once everything looked perfect about his hair and face, he next headed back for his bedroom, and opened up his largest suitcase. Lying on the very top, wrapped in a very thin plastic, rested a white shirt that contained all these other qualities: made of a very thin cotton, V-neck in the front and hoodie in the back, in which this hoodie had two shoestrings handing from the borders, and finally and most importantly to Baltor, it looked quite sporty!
After picking it up and ripping off the plastic that covered it, he simultaneously checked for any loose threads…when none were found, ten seconds later, he put it on. Once so, he looked back down into the suitcase, observing a pair of light gray pants, also wrapped in plastic. These pants had been neatly folded in half and hung on a hanger—ten seconds later, those pants were on his body, which fit perfectly as did the shirt.
Stacked to the side of the suitcase were seven pairs of brand-new socks, and four pairs of shoes for different occasions, as some were formal and some were sporty. After donning a pair of white-colored sandals that even had elegantly designed peepholes here and there, and walking back and forth for a few feet, he realized that these shoes fit perfectly and proved to be very comfortable.
It was then that he remembered that Reva’s phone was in his other pants pocket.
After pulling out the phone and throwing the pants into a laundry hamper nearby, he gazed at the external lid of the phone—no phone calls had come in. Not even a second later, as he was standing in the bathroom with the large mirror in it, he decided to give himself “one final inspection.”
A minute later, he came to his final decision, which was “yes.”
With that, he exited the bathroom before he made his way to the phone. Once there, he picked it up and dialed the numbers “0-1-327-2734.”
Right away, the phone began to ring…five seconds and four rings later, E’s voice greeted, “Hey, this is E Main. I can’t get to the phone right now, but please be sure to leave a message and I will get a hold of you as soon possible. Thanks and have a great day—beep!”
“Hey E, this is B—from yesterday. I know you’re busy and all, so I’ll just make this message brief. Here’s my full name and address to send your books: Baltor Elysian. 123 Broadway St., Jackson, Mississippi, 39201. If I like it, which I’m sure I will based off the fact that I’m now a huge musical fan of yours, I will be sure to contact you, perhaps even as an investor, if possible…after all, I have a lot of—”
Just then, the electronic operator on the other line, revealed, “You have run out of time on your message. Press one if you want to hear your message. Press two if you want to send your message. Press three if you want to leave a numeric message. Or press four if you want to re-record your verbal message. Thank you for using universal.”
Baltor pressed “one.”
He heard his electronic voice play back the entire message. Following that, the electronic operator said, “Press one if you want to hear your message. Press two if you want to send your message. Press three if you want to leave a numeric message. Or press four if you want to re-record your verbal message. Thank you for using universal.”
This time, Baltor pressed two—a second later, the operator confirmed, “Message sent—thank you for using un—”
The operator did not get to finish as he had already hung up the phone. Only a second later after this phone call was over, the phone began to ring—the lid read, “Nadia.”
He opened the lid, and after putting the phone next to his ear, he asked, “Hello?”
With a whole lot of excitement, even more than he had heard earlier, Reva declared, “Hey, Baltor…we’ve got one girl so far who has agreed to the deal—for one thousand, five hundred rubles! Talk to you later…bye.”
Again, before he could respond, she had hung up—and again, he laughed out while shaking his head from side to side.
After breathing out a smile, he took a seat at the game chair, flipped on the machine, and put on the headgear—once everything felt comfortable, he again chose the same game he had played yesterday, “Forgotten soldiers…”
Twenty minutes into the action-packed game, now fighting in the country of Iraq, Reva’s phone began to ring—without any delay, he hit pause on the joystick, took off the headgear, picked up the phone, and greeted, “Hello?”
Screaming into the phone, both girls squealed, “Guess what…we’ve got our second girl—whooo hooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!”
“Whooooooooo hooooo,” he responded back with as much enthusiasm. “So when can you girls be packed and over here?”
Nadia answered, “In two hours we will be at your room, camouflaged of course, as we didn’t say we were going with our penthouse guest…so where are we going first, and how are we getting there?”
“I saw a commercial for a plane…the fastest way to travel. Is there an airport in this city?”
“Of course there is, silly…it’s called Pulkovo Airport.”
“Awesome,” Baltor replied, “So where we’re going to first is Cancun, Mexico. Besides going to the beach, which I heard has crystal-clear blue waters, I want to see the Mayan pyramids, and their historical monuments and artifacts. After that, I haven’t yet decided, but we’ll figure it out. By the time you guys get in here in two hours, I should have our first flight booked. Okay?”
Nadia said, “Okay—see you soon.”
“Okay, bye,” he said.
“Bye.”
After hanging up the phone and putting it into his front pocket, he walked back for the hotel’s phone, picked it up, and pushed “0” for the operator—after four rings, a woman’s voice said, “Saints’ Hotel Operator, this is Shezna, how may I help you?”
“Hi Shezna, can you patch me through to Pulkovo Airport, please?”
“Yes, sir, have a great day,” she replied.
A second later, the phone began to ring again…four rings later, a man’s voice said, “Pulkovo Airport Directory—how can I direct your call?”
“I need to book some airplane tickets, please,” Baltor said.
“No problem…please hold,” the man said.
After listening to thirty seconds of “very dull music,” a woman’s voice said, “Central booking, this is Bolyane, how can I help you?”
“My name is Mr. Baltor Elysian, and I have two friends of mine that I would like to go on a trip with me to Cancun Mexico, as soon as possible, please.”
“Do you all have passports, sir?”
“Umm, I know I do…is that good enough?”
“No, sir. Please find out from your comrades if they have a valid passport, and call me back at this number, along with their full names and birthdates. Do you have a pen, sir?”
“I don’t need one.”
“Very well. My name again is Bolyane, and my direct number is: 782-24323324-432-3354-48742. Are you sure you’re going to remember that number, sir?”
“Yup, no problem,” he replied. “Talk to you in a minute…”
After hanging up the one phone, he opened the door and pushed the button “redial.”
A second later, Nadia answered, “What’s up?”
“Do you guys have valid passports, and if so, I need the names written on them, as well your birthdays…yeah?”
“Yes, we do,” she said, “My passport says Nadia Tolkayana Hariechestnak, and my birthday is 12-21-1987. And Reva’s is Reva Alana Varishanoya, and her birthday is 3-17-1989. Grab a pen and write all this down—I will, of course, spell out our names for you when you’re ready…yes?”
“Sure…hold one second,” he answered before telekinetically flying the pen and notepad that sat on the phone table into his hand. Once so, he said, “Ready.”
She re-relayed all the technical information.
Following that, he hung up the one phone, and called the number Bolyane had given him. Three rings later, she picked up the line, and after identifying himself, he relayed all the technical information as well his own, after he had telekinetically retrieved his passport from his coat pocket…finally he mentioned he wanted “first-class seats.”
Once all was said and done, including relaying all the information on his credit card, nearly thirty minutes later, Bolyane finally said, “Thank you, Mr. Elysian. All your first-class tickets will be here at the main service desk, located in the very middle of the airport terminal, and you will be flying Travel Easy Airlines on Flight 707 at 10 p.m. tonight, Tuesday, June 21st—gate 6A.”
She cleared her throat twice before adding, “Even though there is a nineteen-hour flight with two different plane changeovers along the way, the first in Amsterdam and the second in Miami, you will be arriving in Cancun at noon on Wednesday the 2nd of June. Please be here at the airport one hour early, so that all security measures can be performed on your person and your luggage—each passenger is allowed two pieces of luggage. Also, you can pick up your airplane tickets at the check-in point, of which you three will be seated together in the first row of our luxurious first-class. So, will there be any other questions for me at this time, sir?”
“No, ma’am, except I’d like to say, thank you very much,” Baltor said. “You’ve been most helpful…”
“It was my pleasure, sir, and I hope you have a great stay in Cancun!”
“Thanks again, and bye.”
“Bye.”
With that, Baltor went back to playing his video game for another hour and fifteen minutes—it was then that the phone in his pocket rang.
Again, it was Reva or Nadia—a second later, he greeted, “Hello?”
“We’ve thought of one little complication, by going to your hotel room.”
“Yes?”
“How are we going to get all of our luggage upstairs, and then back downstairs when it’s time to leave?”
After snapping his fingers, Baltor suggested, “I’ll tell you what—I’ll come to you. I need to get my own luggage ready anyway, so in about thirty minutes or so, I’ll take a cab up to your apartment. Just so you guys know, we all fly the friendly skies at 10 tonight, but we need to be at the airport by 9. Sound good?”
“Sounds totally awesome…see you soon!”
“Okay,” Baltor said—he heard the word, “muah” on the other end of the phone before it hung up.
After putting it into his front pocket, he stood up, walked over to the hotel’s phone, picked it up, and dialed “0.”
Two rings later, the phone was answered by a female as she said, “Saints’ Hotel Operator, this is Shezna, how may I help you?”
“Hi, this is Mr. Elysian again. It seems that I am going to be going on a trip for at least a few days…in twenty minutes time can I please have the assistance of two of your busboys with all my luggage? I have two large suitcases.”
“Of course, sir,” she responded. “Will there be anything else?”
“No thank you.”
“Have a great trip!”
“Thanks,” he said just before hanging up the phone and making his way for his bedroom—there, he neatly packed everything back up, other than his dirty clothes, and then he made the phone call to the cab company listed in Reva’s directory.
Twenty minutes later, even from inside his room, he heard a knocking on the staff door. After walking from the bedroom into the entertainment room, he said, “Come in.”
Two busboys entered—the latter one pushed a cart-on-wheels.
Baltor greeted with a small smile, “Sorry for not being chivalrous and all, guys, but I’m really in a rush. Can you please get my luggage into the cab that should be in the parking lot in front any minute now? Thanks…”
“No problem, sir,” they both happily replied—in turn, Baltor pointed them to the luggage in his room, which was then put on the cart. Together they made their way toward the elevator; and once it had arrived at the top floor, they rode it to the ground floor.
After the elevator door opened and they had exited the elevator, the three made their way for the front doors—already could be seen a cab, parked under the awning.
Recognizing the name of the cab company written on the side, Baltor informed the two busboys, “That’s it, gentlemen.”
“No problem,” one replied.
Once the three stood outside next to the cab, only then did the cabdriver get out of his car, and open the trunk—the busboys were just barely able to squeeze his entire luggage in there, just before closing the trunk.
After handing over a hundred-ruble bill, Baltor said, “Thanks gentlemen…split that.”
“Thank you, sir!”
While nodding his head, Baltor got into the backseat of the cab, and the cab zoomed off.
Twenty minutes later, they arrived in the parking lot of the girls’ apartment. Even before the cab had a chance to full stop, Reva and Nadia were already running out of the front door at top speed.
The moment he stood on his feet, the two girls forthwith began hugging and kissing him at the same time; meanwhile, the cabdriver had already popped open the trunk, while looking enviously at all the attention his cab-fare was receiving from these “two most beautiful women!”
“Chill out for a second ladies, as I need to talk to the cabdriver. Hey sir?”
“Yes?”
Baltor said, “I’ll tell you what—instead of unloading my luggage, can you just keep it in stored in the trunk, come back here at 8:30 p.m., and then take us three to Pulkovo airport? I’ll even throw an extra five hundred ruble tip into the total cost for your services at the end.”
Nodding his head, the cabdriver replied, “No problem…good deal, my comrade. I be back here at 8:30 on the mark—give me time to grab a bite to eat.”
“Thanks!”
Just before the cabdriver climbed into his cab and closed his door, he said, “Do not worry about your luggage…it will be safe, I promise.”
“I know.”
While the cab sped off, the party of three entered the apartment, and took a seat on one of the two colorful/cozy loveseats in the living room that faced a twenty-inch television screen, which even had a rainbow-colored flag hanging on the wall behind the couch.
Baltor had also observed that there were four large suitcases sitting near the front door, and so he inwardly hoped that all this luggage, and them, would be able to squeeze into that tiny cab.
“So we have fifteen minutes until the cab is back,” Nadia said with a smile. “And we’re all done packing. So what should we talk about?”
“Hmm, I don’t know,” he replied with a shrug of his shoulders.
After snapping her fingers one time, Reva suggested, “How about we just watch some television? Our favorite show is on…called ‘Ghost Trackers’!”
“Okay,” Nadia answered happily.
“Ghost Trackers?” Baltor asked.
“Yeah, it’s about the paranormal investigators who travel the world to haunted houses, or insane asylums, or prisons, or anywhere ancient, in order to prove or disprove scientifically whether ghosts exist in these areas.”
Right after Baltor had said the word “sounds good,” Reva picked up the television remote, clicked it on, and flipped through the channels, until came the channel that read “38—Ghost Trackers. 40 Min Remaining.”
A split second later, and in split-screen, two ghost-investigators could be seen walking through some prairie fields with seven-foot tall stalks of grass in the middle of the night, while using night-vision goggles/shoulder-mounted cameras in order to see through the greenish-colored darkness—occasionally could be seen a tribal-looking/twenty-foot-tall stone pillar rising from the ground.
Suddenly, the woman spoke with a whole lot of fear, “Holy cow! Though I didn’t hear a sound other than our footsteps, Harry, I just saw a strangely-dressed tribal man run by between those two pillars way up there to the left! Did you see him, Harry?”
This man named Harry answered, “No, Sue, I didn’t. I was looking down at the EKG device, which is a very good thing—it originally read 0.05 MHz, but unexpectedly jumped to a whopping 8.4 MHz, but for only a split second in time. Maybe it’s true that this ancient Mayan burial ground is really haunted?”
Sue replied, “No doubt. I still have goose bumps crawling up and down my spine!”
“Whoa,” Harry exclaimed unexpectedly, while jutting both his arms up to his shoulder level, and adding, “Something just touched my shoulder—and it felt ice-cold against my skin! Now I really have goose bumps—look at both my arms! My hairs are all standing straight up now!”
Unexpectedly, a very chilling-to-the-bone voice could clearly be heard whispering—through the television’s speakers—but four words, “Prepare for death, humansss…we are coming to destroy your entire world!”
Harry and Sue bolted the other direction down the fields at top speed, and with great fear clearly visible on their faces—the woman already couldn’t hold back the tears pouring from her eyes, or the mucous that had begun to drip out of her nostrils!
At the same time, the two girls next to Baltor shuddered uncontrollably, just before they snuggled tight into his sides—he too had felt “a chill that ran up and down his spine,” but he retained his “poker face…”
Nearly twenty seconds after the two investigators had begun to run, Sue tripped on the ground, screaming out in pain, “Ow—my knee!”
By this time, Harry had already returned, just before frantically asking, “Can you still walk, or should I carry you back to the Jeep?”
“Carry me—I hurt my knee,” she responded. Wasting no time, he quickly picked her up before making his way through the fields…
Nearly five minutes later, thankfully without any other noises than the sounds of his feet-shuffling, they made it back to the Jeep that sat on the near side of a small dirt road—on the far side stood a large grouping of dense, jungle trees.
It was then and there that the silence was broken, as Sue revealed, “I’m okay. I can stand on my one good foot now—thanks.”
By this time Harry had already gently set her down against the side of the car, before he pulled his set of keys out of his pocket—just as he was about to insert the car key into the passenger’s side door, most unexpectedly a television commercial began.
“Wow.” The girls sighed in unison.
Nadia added, “That was the craziest episode I’ve ever seen…and that voice saying that we humans need to prepare for death? Oh my God! I almost freaked out.”
Baltor laughed nonchalantly, “Relax girls…everything will be okay. You’ve just got to have faith that everything will work out in the end, no matter the bleak situations you might be facing—that’s my philosophy in life.”
Just then, they all heard a honking sound coming from outside.
“And there’s the proof of my words. It’s time to go!” he said before standing up to his feet.
He grabbed two of the suitcases, and made his way outside toward the cab. After the girls had each grabbed a suitcase and exited the apartment, Reva locked the front door. Both girls joined him at the cab…not all of the luggage fit in the trunk, and so Baltor carried one of his suitcases in his lap in the front seat.
Ten minutes later, they arrived at the semi-busy airport—after paying the cabbie, they checked themselves in, as well their luggage, before going through the security checkpoint, which not contained metal detectors, yet a half-dozen security officers armed with pistols and nightsticks.
Nearly seven minutes later, the three arrived at gate 6A. Upon checking their tickets in at the booth with the friendly stewardess, they took a seat in the airport lobby, and waited for their flight.
Not even twenty seconds had passed before Nadia asked, “So…how long do you want to stay in Mexico?”
After cocking his head to the side, he answered, “I don’t know…no more than a day or two. My personal goal is to stand on every continent before our vacation’s up—even if it’s for only a minute.”
The girls immediately began to laugh. Reva was the next to say, “That’s going to be a very tough goal, considering there are seven continents on this planet, five days more of vacation when you consider this day to be the first, and a trillion things to see along the way.”
“Hmm,” he hummed, “I wish we had more time.”
“Me too,” Nadia said wholeheartedly.
After delivering a smug smile, Reva added, “Well, our work is cut out a little for us.”
“How so?” he asked.
She answered, “There are seven continents on this world. You come from the United States, so that takes North America out of the equation—and you are right now in Russia, which takes both Europe and Asia out of the equation, so that’s three continents already accomplished. When you consider that we’re going to Mexico, which is in Central America, that leaves—“
Before she could finish, however, Nadia interrupted with a light laugh, “Hold on, Reva…there is no continent called Central America—only north and south. And thus, Mexico is a part of North America.”
“Oops,” Reva came back, “my mistake. Well, okay, we’ve still got three continents covered, which leaves four left for four days—Africa, Antarctica, Australia and South America. Right?”
“Right,” he answered with a smile and a nod.
Nadia asked, “So which continent should we hit next?”
He answered, “I don’t know yet…we’ve got plenty of time to figure that out…right?”
“Right,” Reva answered.
Just then, their stewardess spoke over the intercom, “Flight 707 bound for Amsterdam is now boarding passengers. Rows one through eight, please step to the terminal doors now—again, rows one through eight on Flight 707 bound for Amsterdam, please board now.”
He looked at each of the other girls in turn, before he extended his elbows out to them, while asking, “Ready, ladies—we’re row one?”
Each grabbing an elbow, the girls answered, “Yes, sir!”
With that, they simultaneously rose to their feet—each girl grabbed their purses off the seats. They went to the boarding desk, checked their tickets in with the stewardess who never stopped smiling, and boarded the plane.
Once standing inside the first-class area, they saw three more stewardesses standing idly by and chatting with each other.
After the nearest female stewardess had double-checked their first-class tickets, she escorted her three guests to their seats, which had a good ten feet of legroom.
Once they were seated, she greeted with a smile, “My name is Monique, and I will be your personal stewardess for our voyage. Would any of you like a hot-towel, champagne, or any other type of beverage to begin?”
“No thanks,” they all responded concurrently, which caused Reva and Nadia to giggle.
After delivering another smile, Monique said, “No problem—dinner will be served thirty minutes after takeoff. Thank you for choosing Travel Easy Airlines, and if you need anything at all, please don’t hesitate to ask me.”
“Thanks….”
After stretching his hands and arms out—followed by a purposeful yawn—Baltor suggested, “If I was you, I would consider these plane rides as our hotel/sleeping arrangements…that’s the only way this trip is going to work out in the end. Know what I mean?”
“Yes,” they both answered—Reva added right away, “sir! We know what you mean. One thing you need to consider, Baltor, is the possibility that there could be delays with air flights, for one reason or another, of which there are many-many reasons. So, if I was you, I wouldn’t get your hopes up too much that we’re going to be able to visit every single continent!”
“What do you mean, delays?”
“Well,” she answered, “consider the volcano in Iceland that erupted yet again but a couple days ago? It stranded hundreds of thousands of people, especially in Europe, and stopped approximately ninety-three thousand flights. Or consider the major earthquakes in Chile, Haiti and China a few years, which overall I think, killed a few hundred thousand people? Or how about the tsunami that killed—in one shot—at least one hundred and fifty thousand people around six years ago? Oh yeah, on a criminal note, how about all the terror—” Realizing she was on a plane, she abruptly switched to whispering as she said, “ists who like to hijack and fly jets like this into skyscrapers filled with thousands of people?”
Without waiting for an answer, she said with a horrified quality in her voice, “I don’t want to even try to imagine what kind of cataclysmic tragedy could happen next?”
“So,” Baltor asked, “this is the reason most earthlings are so unhappy in life—because death constantly looms around the corner?”
“Earthlings,” Nadia said before she began to laugh aloud.
Her laughter not only instantly drew his and Reva’s attention, yet also nearly a dozen other passengers sitting nearby.
“What?” Baltor asked.
After she was able to calm her laughter down, nearly six seconds later, she placed her hand on his shoulder, before answering, “Umm, I just thought it was funny how you called us earthlings, as if you weren’t an earthling yourself…which you are an earthling, right? Or are you from Mars?”
Her last question not only caused her to bust out laughing again, yet caused Reva to start laughing in the exact same manner!
Though Baltor was one hundred percent confused, especially as he had not ever heard of “Mars” before, he still managed to chuckle out, “No, I’m not from Mars, silly…perhaps the underlying reason for the hilarity is because Russian is not my native language.”
Only seconds later, Nadia stifled her laughter, before answering, “That’s true. By the way, I must compliment you on how well you speak Russian too!”
“Thank you very much…I try.”
“And I,” Reva cooed, “must compliment you for shaving off that facial hair—as well your new hairstyle! It’s cute…now I want to grab your cute chin.” She did, between her thumb and index finger.
“Thanks,” he chuckled, after she let go a few seconds later.
Before the conversation could carry any further, a beeping sound began throughout the cabin, which noise came from all the mini-speakers—it beeped three times until stopping.
A man’s voice then began to say over the intercom, “Welcome to Flight 707, bound for Amsterdam, Netherlands. We have nearly a 3-hour flight ahead of us, and as our destination is two hours behind us, we will land approximately at 11 p.m. their time. Please ensure you buckle your seatbelts at this time—if you have any problems or questions at all during the flight, please alert one of our staff, and he or she will be more than happy to assist. Thank you all for choosing Travel Easy Airlines!”
After Baltor had watched Reva and Nadia buckle herself in, he followed suit.
Only a moment later came four more beeping sounds…the stewards and stewardesses had just started to walk down the hallways, checking their guests’ seatbelts.
Nearly a minute later, Monique came to the front of the hallway, and a mechanical voice on the intercom began to deliver a lengthy safety briefing—only twenty seconds after the briefing had begun, the plane slowly began to pull away from the terminal.
By the time the briefing had concluded, three minutes later, the plane was now on the runway—only seconds passed before the crew of the airlines was buckled into their seat belts.
Once so, the plane quickly began to speed faster and faster down the runway, until it finally took off into the air.
Though Baltor had flown many times before—never before in an airplane—he began to feel his stomach lurching into his very back from all the g-forces…once the plane’s speed had gotten fast enough, it lifted off into the air and began to fly….



CHAPTER XIV


When they finally did arrive in Mexico, which was at 12:32 in the afternoon, Baltor henceforth booked a guide to take them on a half-day tour of the ancient Mayan pyramid and ruins at Chichenitza. This tour even included snorkeling through water-filled caves that zigzagged all over the place for hundreds of miles, as well an authentic Mayan dinner prepared in a local restaurant. Sometimes they chitchatted about this or that, and sometimes they simply enjoyed the incredibly beautiful views (manmade or natural) in silence.
After getting back to the hotel around 7:30 that evening, they next went to the beach and gazed out into the crystal-clear blue waters that were only now beginning to darken. Following a wonderful dinner spent in the hotel’s all-you-can-eat buffet with every type of food imaginable, they headed for the hotel’s beach bar, whereupon they began to drink and party.
Soon after, dozens of the hotel’s guests began to join them in conversation and drinking—before anyone knew it, the sun had already set and they were now “partying hearty” with a huge group of about fifty different people! Mainly females…not surprising to Baltor, Reva and Nadia clung like wet noodles to him.
For the next few hours, that party continued nonstop…around one the morning, Baltor managed to escape from the girls by saying he had to go to the restroom. Instead of going there, however, he went to the hotel lobby, where he had earlier seen a desktop computer.
Once seated before the desk, he typed the words “quickest form of transportation around the world” into the Internet, picked the top website in the list of millions, and began to browse through it…
Upon being satisfied with the looks and authenticity of the site, nearly ten minutes later, he booked a flight via the Internet, paying for it all with his plastic credit card right then and there.
Just after the transaction had registered on the computer screen as “transaction complete,” Reva and Nadia walked around the corner—Nadia was the first to say with a slur, “There you are, you sneaky boy…what are you doing?”
Baltor answered, using nonchalant tones, “Oh—I just booked us a flight tomorrow morning, set to depart to our next location at 10. I was just about to come back there to the bar…and party some more!”
“Oh…where are we going?” Reva asked. She too had a drunken slur.
“It’s a surprise…you’ll be able to sleep on the plane, so we’re going to party until seven in the morning, get cleaned up, eat breakfast here at the hotel, depart by limo back to the airport, get checked in, board our plane, and fly the friendly skies. In the meantime, let’s go have some more fun in the bar…sound good?”
“Yes,” the girls responded, before each grabbed one of Baltor’s elbows—together, they made their way back for the bar and followed his plan to a T.
For, at ten in the morning, they were already on their next flight—this time, however, the girls were shocked and ecstatic to learn that they were riding on a private jet. Only after the plane had taken off the runway, Baltor revealed, “This sucker’s costing $2,000 USD every hour, whether moving through the air or grounded—the overall cost until next Monday night when we get dropped off back in St. Petersburg is going to be around a whopping $236,000!”
Though both girls’ mouths dropped to the floor upon hearing the astronomical bill, he was very nonchalant as he chuckled before asking, “What other better way is there to explore the world than by a private jet?”
Neither girl could answer that question. He next asked, “Hey, do you guys want to play a video game, watch a movie, or what? We’ve got about an eight-hour flight ahead of us until we reach our next destination.”
“Where are we going?” Reva asked.
With a wink of the left eye, Baltor answered, “Again, as I told you last night, it’s a surprise.”
“Okay,” the girls sighed in reluctance.
“So what do you guys want to do?”
With a yawn, Nadia answered, “We want to sleep.”
Perhaps ten minutes after the plane had left the airport…the girls passed out and slept for the first three-quarters of the trip.
As for Baltor, he played around on the Internet, for many-many-many hours, punching into the keyboard almost every type of subject he could think of, learning about how this world operated….
The plane landed in Rio de Janeiro, at 8 p.m. on the mark—inside the airport at their gate stood a limousine driver holding up a sign that read the name “Mr. Baltor Elysian” on it. After the quick greetings and they had picked up their luggage, the driver escorted them to his limousine, which limo took them to a 5-star hotel.
Once they had checked in at the hotel and had deposited their luggage in the room, they drank quite a few alcoholic drinks in the hotel’s bar until two in the morning, crashing out in their shared bedroom with two queen-sized beds.
Around seven that morning, they all—some moved faster than others—got out of bed, showered, dressed, and ate another all-you-can-eat breakfast buffet. After exiting the hotel’s tropical paradise property, they strolled through the five-hundred-year-old city.
An absolutely beautiful city is what Rio turned out to be, with both a seaside and a mountainous view. In the early afternoon, after a tasty Brazilian lunch, they went shopping through the various bazaars and stores.
In the late afternoon, around four, they arrived back at the hotel’s beachside, and laid out in the sun for a few more hours—after dinner in the hotel’s all-you-can-eat dinner buffet, they again partied in the hotel’s beach bar until one in the morning.
At ten in the morning, they performed all their morning duties, before packing up their luggage, checking out of the room, and going by the same limousine back to the airport. An hour later, they were once again flying for their next destination.
Only minutes after takeoff, Nadia asked, “So where are we going this time?”
Baltor answered with a half-smile, “Again a surprise…but we’ll be there in about twelve hours or so. In the meantime, do you guys want to play a video game, watch a movie, sleep, or what?”
Nadia suggested, “Well, let’s watch a movie…‘Love Letters!’ I’ve wanted to see that flick real bad, ever since it came out two months ago…okay?”
“Okay,” both he and Reva agreed.
After he had picked up the remote, he flipped through the movie screen’s menu until finding the movie they were looking for. He pushed the “play” button and they began to watch it….
This “love story” consisted of a thirteen-year-old boy and a twelve-year-old girl who meet each during a coed summer camp deep in the woods, and soon after, fall in love. Three weeks after their romantic adventures had begun, sadly for them, they have to go back home, yet they exchange physical addresses.
For the next few years, they share love letters with each other, about once or twice a month—finally the boy turns into a young man with a driver’s license, and he even drives across the state to meet the woman of his dreams.
Upon arrival, she takes him to her high school basketball game, where the two watch opposing teams play and her team wins. However, after the game is over, and they are now sitting on opposite ends of a booth in a family restaurant, her demeanor instantly changes, for she reveals she is no longer in love him—she had met “someone else.” At the end of this scene, he angrily throws down twenty dollars, the cost of the meal that had not even yet been served, left the restaurant, hopped in his car, and drove back across the state for home.
Many-many years pass, and the young man, now in his early forties, has made himself into a millionaire through his 3-D computerized paintings. It is at a public awards’ ceremony, that the two reacquaint—now he sees that his ex-girlfriend is even more radiant than ever, especially with that black evening dress that revealed all her perfect bodily features.
She, of course, not only confesses that she is once again in love with him, yet pulls out all his hand-written letters she had saved over the years, and sets them onto the table, where he had been signing autographs for his fans.
At the end of this scene, which also turned out to be the end of the movie before the words “THE END” popped up on the black screen, his final line was, “Cherry, I have thought about you many times over these lost years between you and I—no doubt. But it’s too late…I’ve found the woman of my dreams. And you know who she is? As a matter of fact, my brand-new wife’s standing right behind you in line…she was with me every step of the way.”
Following the movie, in which the girls had to wipe away the tears of joy, the three played video games, surfed the Internet on the computer, watched a few more movies, and/or slept.
Precisely on time at 11 p.m., the jet finally landed in its next destination—the airport in Cairo, Egypt. The group of friends talked, ate, drank, played video games, watched movies, and/or slept until the following morning.
After a tour guide had met them in the limo outside the jet, at eight in the morning, they visited many historical places, including the pyramids and the sphinx—there, Baltor silently remarked to himself that even the Great Pyramid of Giza wasn’t even 1/10th the size of the pyramid in the Second Plane of Hell.
Following this delightful/educational tour, which included a delicious Egyptian lunch and dinner, they arrived back to the airport at 7 p.m., and the jet took off again—the next place they headed for, since Baltor realized that the time was starting to run out, was the city of Rome. Secretly he wished that they could just teleport around from place to place, but there would be no justifiable way of explaining to the girls about any of his magic powers.
After the jet had landed, three hours and forty minutes later, they toured Rome on their own, even though it was 10:32 p.m.—not only was much of the city lit up, yet so were all of the historical buildings—this beautiful city sparkled!
A few times throughout their tour, they stopped at a bar to get an alcoholic drink or two, and of course, to eat the most-delicious Italian cuisines.
By midnight, as most of the bars had shut down on this Sunday night, the party of three went back to the jet, and they crashed out in their beds.
The next morning at seven, they took another grandiose tour of the city, including going inside the Pantheon, the Sistine Chapel, the Coliseum, and the Palatine Hill, where Rome was first born in 753 B.C. with just a few huts. Later, as their tour guide revealed, imperial palaces had been built on this same hill, which ultimately, became ruins. The last thing they did was have one final delicious Italian dinner, which included a bottle of Chianti-Classico-Rivera wine, before they made their way by limousine back to the jet.
Shortly after five they arrived back at the plane—after all, the pilot had earlier told Baltor that though it would be around a 4-hour flight, the time would increase by an additional two hours, which meant they would land in St. Petersburg an hour before midnight in that time zone.
After the three had gotten comfortable in the lounge area, Baltor asked, “So what do you guys want to do now?”
“Let’s watch some news,” Reva said first. When no arguments came her way, she picked up the remote controller, turned on the television, and flipped the channel to the news.
A fifty-year-old newsman—wearing a suit and tie, sitting behind an oak desk, and in the middle of giving this report—continued to report, “—astronomers from all over the world are baffled upon seeing this new planet, perhaps three times the size of earth. Per NASA, this planet shot out of the black hole in the middle of the Milky Way Galaxy only two hours ago and is expected to pass through the middle of our solar system sometime next year. Although it will never get closer than a hundred million miles from our planet, it will be passing between us and our sun…there is the remote possibility that it will affect our gravitational forces with the sun, which could prove cataclysmic.”
After taking a deep breath, a series of photos began to display behind him on the wall. He explained the photos, “As you can now see from the pictures that have just been released only moments ago, pictures taken with the Hubble telescope, this is an angry black planet filled with gray clouds and massive bolts of lightning that frequently streak across her skies.
“Have no doubt that the world-leaders in the United Nations are already underway to finding a unified solution to this problem, including the possibility of launching every last one of our nuclear missiles at it as soon as possible, so that we can blow it up before it can affect Earth’s gravitational forces, which it might do if not stopped.
“Therefore, it is important for all of us—the people of this world—to remain calm and to keep doing your job. After all, by stopping in commerce, trade and our lives, then we are guaranteed to die of starvation and anarchy. Again, please remain calm, and we will find our solution. This is Tom Rillings—XKW Ne—”
Before Tom could finish saying what he had to say, he said, “Just a second folks—I’ve just received word that the President of the United States is on-board Air Force 1, and ready to have an immediate Press Conference. Here is the President.”
The picture of an elderly black man popped up on the television screen, of who was wearing a black suit with a red tie. He began, “Greetings my fellow Americans, as well to all the peoples of the nations of Earth. Not a single person with a telescope can deny the fact that we may be in serious trouble. There is another planet that has just shot out of the black hole located in the middle of our galaxy.”
He had to clear his throat a few times before adding, “Though it is fast coming our way, expected to be here sometime next year, it is by us all uniting together under this single cause that we can overcome this obstacle, and survive for many more millenniums. Therefore, it is imperative that we continue to remain calm, to do our jobs, and to trust in the leaders of your nations—we world-leaders are all now flying to an undisclosed location at this time, including the leaders of former enemy nations like Iran and Korea. They too want to work with the United Nations in destroying this invading planet, so that our planet Earth can not only survive without any lives lost, yet succeed.”
After sucking in a deep breath through his nose, the president continued, “It’s funny that it takes a potential global catastrophe before humankind can finally gain that ‘brotherly peace’ spoken of so frivolously throughout the Torah, the Koran, the Bible and most of our other religious books. Hopefully, once this world-problem is solved, in which I guarantee you that we will work nonstop until we find that solution, we can keep that ‘world peace’ forever after…you, especially you my fellow Americans, need to keep working your jobs and need to remain calm…
“Last but not least, we world-leaders have agreed to openly meet in front of the press, including CSPAN, so that you can keep up-to-par on all our meetings. Thank you and God bless.”
The president disappeared—the same newsman reappeared. Tom said, “This is Tom Rillings of XKW News—you’ve just heard from the President of the United States. We will continue to bring any news and developments as they continue—we will also be televising the event, so make sure to keep tuning into XKW—”
At this point, the button Nadia had just pushed muted Tom’s voice—knowing who had the remote, Baltor looked over, noting her face looked both shocked and scared.
“Oh my God,” Reva began to cry with tears already popping out of her eyes yet again, but this time they were caused by fear. “We’re going to die…it would take ten million nuclear missiles to destroy a planet that size—did you see how big it was when they compared it to the size of earth!”
“Relax, girls,” Baltor tried to soothe, “things will be okay.”
“How—how can you say that, Baltor?” Nadia sobbed aloud.
After sucking in a deep breath, and then releasing it, he said, “that’s a part of my business trade, which is in finding a solution to this most-serious problem.”
“Are you serious?” Nadia asked with disbelief.
“Yes,” Baltor answered, while slightly raising his eyebrows. “But I cannot say anything more, as my mission is classified ‘top-top-top secret,’ other than this. Almost as soon as I drop you two girls off at your apartment, my business-comrade and I will be busy, working nonstop on this problem until it’s over, and we’re all safe and sound. I couldn’t tell you the truth before because those classifications. And let me tell you one more thing.”
Enraptured, both girls leaned in.
He paused for ten seconds before saying, “Once we’ve literally unlocked the solution, which we have a 99.8% chance of being successful unlocking, this solution can literally destroy planets into oblivion—it’s as powerful as ten million nuclear missiles all put together.”
“Whoa…” The girls sighed with utter astonishment.
“So are we cool? Yes?”
“Yes,” they answered while nodding their heads affirmatively and smiling.
“Good…” Baltor said while returning the smile. “So, as our vacation’s still not over, what shall we do next? Watch a movie, play a video game—or what?”
With a smile, Nadia answered, “You get to pick this time—whatever you want to do.”
“Yes, I agree,” Reva added with a wink, “you pick.”
After scrunching his eyes and eyebrows in contemplation, he replied, “I kind of want to play that three-player racing game—with the Porsches and the Ferraris and all.”
“Okay,” both girls squealed with delight, “Sounds wonderful!”
A little over fours later, all of which were fun-filled, the jet landed in St. Petersburg—at 11:07 p.m. Not surprisingly, a limousine already waited outside in the parking lot near to the jet—fifteen minutes later, it parked in the parking space right in front of the girls’ apartment.
Still sitting in the limousine, the three gave each other a very tight embrace that lasted nearly ten minutes.
Shortly after this timeframe had begun, Nadia said with unadulterated appreciation, “Thank you so much, Baltor, for everything!” Already tears poured down her face, but she did not let the tears stop or try to wipe them away—in turn, Reva also began to tear up and sniffle.
“You’re welcome, girls…I had the time of my life this week! So, thank you,” Baltor replied. He knew there was no way he could let a single teardrop pour from his eyes.
“You’re welcome,” they both sobbed.
Reva whispered in one ear, “When you get done with your mission, come back and find us…okay? We love you!”
“I love you girls too…you’re both so awesome!”
Nadia whispered in the other ear, “So are you…but she also means that we really, really love you. We’re both quote-unquote ‘in love with you’ and we want you to be our one-and-only man when this is all over…maybe even our husband one day? Never have we met anyone like you before, nor is there any other man or woman we want in our relationship ever…but you.”
He pulled back from the hug, in order to look at both girls in shock—his mouth could not help but drop open.
“No joke, Baltor,” Reva said seriously, “we talked it over when you were listening to the headphones—and this is what we both want. That is, if you want us as your wives…”
“Umm,” he said. He had to clear his throat a few times, before he could answer, “We’ll see. I’ve heard of many people, especially rulers, who had multiple wives, but I’m not a ruler, and I’ve only been married once in my life…to a woman who was and is my soul mate of soulmates. She died some time back from cancer, but I’ve never fully recovered. So please…give me time to think about that…your proposal…okay?”
“Okay,” both girls sighed, just before giving him another very-very-very-tight hug. Baltor chuckled for about five seconds, before saying, “All right, girls…I’ve got to get going now. I love you both too…seriously. Have no doubt of that!”
“One more minute of hugs and kisses,” Nadia said softly, “and we’ll go. Please?”
“Okay.”
After another minute had passed, which minute included many-many passionate kisses on the lips, the girls finally got out of the limo. It was then that the limo driver—now standing outside—popped the trunk, pulled out his cart-on-wheels, put the six suitcases worth of luggage and new presents on it, and rolled it toward the front door.
As the girls followed behind, they could not help but look back and blow Baltor kisses—he kept the door open and blowing them kisses back.
Nearly a minute later, the limo driver was back in his seat and he was about to take off, but decided not to upon seeing the girls unexpectedly open the front door to their apartment and rushing toward the limo at top speed.
Once they had arrived, Nadia opened the door and both girls hopped into the limo, in order to give Baltor more hugs and kisses…after another minute, they whispered their farewells, exited the limo and closed the door. Both girls looked like they were fighting tears again, but they did not stop smiling.
After Baltor had unrolled the window, he said, “Well, girls—I remember your phone number, and I’ll be sure to give you a call as soon as I can…perhaps we will see more of each other at the hotel? So to say ‘goodbye’ may not even be a long goodbye—who knows? So, with that, goodbye for now.”
“Bye, Baltor,” they responded.
He nodded at the limo driver, who proceeded to drive the limo for the hotel—all the while, he waved at the girls, who continued to wave back until the limo was “out of sight.”
Fifteen minutes later, the limo arrived back at the hotel—the driver proceeded to take out Baltor’s luggage of the trunk and set it onto the sidewalk. Now, he had acquired four suitcases worth of clothes and souvenirs.
Meanwhile, two busboys—not the busboys who brought down his luggage earlier—hurried out from the inside of the hotel, put his luggage onto a cart on wheels, and waited for Baltor.
Baltor said to the limo driver, “When I paid the bill, I also added a five-hundred-ruble tip—thank you very much!”
“I know, and thank you, sir,” the limo driver said with a smile. “If you ever need my services again, here’s my business card. Please don’t hesitate to book me, sir.”
“Thanks…I won’t,” Baltor replied with a smile and an affirming nod.
While the limo driver entered his vehicle so he could leave to pick up his next fare only several blocks away, the two busboys followed Baltor.
They first entered the lobby and casually walked through until they reached the elevator doors.
Once there, Baltor pushed the button that would take them to the eleventh floor. And only seconds later, the three were riding the elevator up to the eleventh floor.



CHAPTER XV


Before entering the penthouse suite through the guest entrance with the busboys following close behind, Baltor glanced down at the new gold watch he had purchased in Egypt—five minutes and twenty-two seconds remained until midnight, which meant to him that he was still early.
Therefore, after he had opened the security door, he became rather surprised to hear that the television set in the living room was on—after all, he had purposefully ensured that everything had been turned off before leaving. Now he could hear the sounds of cheering, the sounds of fighting, and the sounds of two announcers talking to each other about the fighters…
After poking just his head around the corner of the hallway, only a couple seconds later, he relaxed his facial expression upon seeing “the man himself” already awake—Trendon. Not only was he watching two muscular, tattooed men fighting each other inside of an octagonal steel cage on television, yet sitting in the steaming and bubbling spa and sipping on some champagne, obvious by the crystalline glass and the bubbling golden fluids.
Baltor cleared his throat before he greeted, “Hello, sir! How are you feeling?”
Without looking over one time, Trendon replied, “Great!”
“Great to know,” Baltor said. Without looking back, he pointed his finger toward his bedroom before informing the busboys, “Gentlemen, my room’s over there. Just stick my luggage near the door inside the room, please, and I’ll take care of it from there. You can go out the guest entrance if it’s more convenient for you…oh, and here’s a one hundred ruble tip for you guys to split. Thanks much.”
“Thank you, sir,” they both responded simultaneously and happily, before “speed walking” toward Baltor’s bedroom with the luggage.
Still watching the fight, Trendon asked, “Once this fight’s over, in about three minutes from now, will you be ready to get to work?”
“Yes, sir,” Baltor replied, before taking a seat on the easy chair.
“Good. Now please let me watch this fight in silence—thanks.”
By the time he had finished making his request, the two busboys had just closed the guests’ entry door, so they could make their way back to the elevator.
Nearly a minute passed before Trendon broke silence as he finished off the last swig of his drink, set the empty glass into the cup holder floating in the spa, and with a point of his thumb toward the silver tray sitting next to the spa, he asked, “Did you want a glass of champagne, or some chocolate-covered strawberries?”
“No, thank you,” Baltor answered, noting that the man had not even looked over the entire time and had returned to the realm of silence—Trendon’s concentration remained focused solely on the fight. Therefore, Baltor took a seat on the easy chair and watched along.
Once the fight had finally ended, about two-in-a-half action-packed minutes later, which occurred with the loser tapping his one free hand onto the ground and the referee splitting up the two bloodied-up fighters, Trendon unexpectedly began to cheer—clapping his hands while making loud, whooping noises. Apparently, he was quite happy with the winner—a winner who had just begun to hop around the ring while repetitively throwing both fists out toward the cheering crowds! The loser stood to the side and rubbed his very achy shoulder.
At the same time, a fifty-something-year-old man—wearing a tuxedo and carrying a microphone—entered through the just-opened door to the ring—it wasn’t until he stood in the middle that he stopped in his tracks.
Once the winner stood on one side and the loser on the other of this man, the announcer put the microphone up to his lips before revealing, “And now, ladies and gentlemen of the world… It is my pleasure to reveal the winner of tonight’s fight, not only by tap-out yet also by points, the brand-new ‘WFC World Heavy Weight Champion,’ Tiger Claw!”
Yet again, Trendon began to cheer and applaud…all the while, Baltor looked at him with “amazement,” as he had never before seen his master act….“so human.”
Five seconds or so after the announcement had concluded, Trendon used the remote controller in his right hand to turn off the television screen. He then shifted his body around in the spa, so that he could look straight at Baltor, and ask with a smile, “So, my apprentice. How was your vacation?”
“Very good, my master. I have learned much about this planet since arriving, though there is still so much more to learn.”
“Excellent. So, are you now ready to get to work?”
After nodding his head one time, Baltor replied, “Yes, I am. But before we begin, let me first be allowed to give you a detailed report of my vacation…I know you will be very interested in what I have to say.”
“Go ahead, my apprentice…”
Baltor began to relay nearly all of the details of his vacation from beginning to end, including revealing the philosophical/doomsday subjects he learned from the Internet, which originated from the Earthlings. Of course, he revealed about the massive, storm-filled, alien planet fast zooming their way, expected to arrive sometime in 2,012, probably December 21st. For about the next hour or so, Trendon listened without a word…
Following the briefing, Baltor next revealed, “I have some important things to show you, sir, in which I feel you will be pleased.” He then opened his “magic pocket,” before proceeding to pull out and set onto the coffee table—in turn—four duplicate crystal-alien skulls!
“Outstanding work, my apprentice,” Trendon said with a respectful tone of voice. “Which countries did you get them from?”
With a point of his index finger to the skull on the left, Baltor explained, “I acquired this ancient skull, of which there are thirteen skulls in total made by the same maker, in a secret, large cavern underneath the Mayan pyramid in Chichenitza. I told my two lady friends that I had to go to the bathroom when what I actually did was go into the port-a-potty, teleport into the very base of the pyramid where the tour guide had said the skull supposedly existed, discovered the secret passage that led underneath the ground, and discover that his words rang true.”
Pointing at the next skull, “This one I retrieved in Brazil, which skull had been placed in a wooden box in the basement of a five-hundred-year-old church—by the way, the first skull led me to the second. As before, I told the girls I had to use the bathroom when what I really did was to enter the church’s restroom facility, teleport into the basement, and find it where I did.
“This skull I found in Egypt, buried underneath five feet of sand in the very middle of the Great Pyramid of Giza—again I waited for the right moment to take it when no one was around.”
After a short pause, Baltor pointed at the next skull, before saying, “This one I acquired in Rome, where it had been stored in their Vatican’s high-security storehouse for their religious and historical artifacts—I took that one while the girls slept on the plane…
“Of course, we still have nine more to get, of which should be a cinch as I know exactly where the next one is…in one of the Temples of Angkor Wat. And once that skull is acquired, retrieve the rest of the skulls until this part of my mission is ultimately successful. However, what I have not been able to figure out are the uses for these skulls—do you know?”
“Yes, I do, and in only two words,” Trendon answered cryptically.
“Yes, my master?”
“Apocalypse Island.”
Cocking his head to the side for only a moment, Baltor replied, “But there are no Mayan ruins there, other than the two statues.”
Trendon pointed his index finger up into the air, before replying, “Ah, so you and most others think… However, what neither you nor any other archeologist knows is that there is a secret button that is on the belly of the jaguar that will open up the secret entrance to an underground Mayan temple, but we will not need to worry about this island until the summer solstice of 2,012. Oh, there is one other important function these skulls hold.”
“Yes?”
Trendon explained, “Once we have them all collected together, we shall put them around the spaceship, which will open the ramp and release the exterior force field. There is no way to teleport into the ship when the force field is active…not even with my powers.”
“I see…so I really did good then…?”
“Yes, you did—I am exceedingly proud of you.”
“Master, I do have one more question?”
“Yes?”
“It’s about a particular man who I met during my vacation…his name is E…”
“Yes?”
“Well, I think we should make him into one of us!”
Baltor had to wait fifteen seconds before hearing Trendon finally replied, “No—he will not become like ‘you and I.’ He has another destiny to fulfill.”
“What greater destiny is there than what we do, master?”
“My apprentice, though your new friend has all the qualifications to become like us, and he will live a very long and fruitful life with his wonderful wife, kids and family, he will one day die of old age—he must die only that way.”
Though Trendon was about to continue to answer the question, Baltor interjected with a slight amount of anger, “But that is exactly what happened to us—we had to physically die so that we could live as we are—immortal protectors of the universes!”
Trendon countered, “He will become immortalized in still another way…his artistic spirit will live on until the End of Time, in the aetheric realm of immortalized artists… After this vicious ‘war of all wars’ with the Vompareus is over, you can visit this realm, if you so wish.”
Baltor nodded his head, before he said with a complacent tone of voice, “I do wish.”
Trendon wasn’t done, as he continued to say, “Just so you know, this is the immortality that E so desperately craves, evident by what he writes about and what he sings about. If we prematurely took him away from his world, and made him into one of us, which we could so easily do, people will not remember his name until the End of Time…
“Yet by allowing him to live out his entire life with fifty-two very fruitful years to go, you will also allow him to create forty-six books and nearly a thousand songs, and only after his death will this world realize his true value to them all. They—and their future generations—and their future generations after them, will forever love him…it is, in part, because of him that Earth will ultimately transcend the hatreds and fears that are so prevalent in this world right now, and become so successful. Once most of the strife, hatred and violence is gone, then the advanced civilizations in this universe will reveal themselves…as well their far-more-advanced technologies!”
After a short pause without interruption, Trendon asked, “Any more questions about your friend E, my apprentice?”
“No, my master.”
“Are you ready to get to work?”
“Yes, master.”
“Good. Then what I want you to do next is to acquire the other nine skulls—take these four with you. I will meet you here at midnight tomorrow night, as I have booked this room until Wednesday morning. In the meantime, I’m going to enjoy myself for the next twenty-four hours ‘painting the town red.’ Understand?”
“Yes, Mr. Harrn.”
Baltor picked up the skulls and put them back into his “magic pocket.” As he knew where to teleport next…this is what he did.
Instantly, he was in “the secret basement” of the Temple of Angkor Wat in Cambodia, where the fifth skull had been stored on a ritualistic-looking pedestal.
Only a moment after having acquired it and putting it inside his magic pocket, he teleported to the next skull. This location existed in an ancient underground temple in Antarctica, which singular megalithic structure slightly resembled the very temples at his very last stop—the skull sat on the top of the structure.
His next stop happened to be China, where the skull had been placed on a pedestal in the temple in the middle of an underground city, filled with tens of thousands Chinese stone statues of soldiers just about everywhere.
The next stop…Stonehenge in Great Britain—this skull buried under five feet of dirt in the very middle. Fortunately, the night skies ruled when he arrived, so he did not have to worry about being seen as he dug it up.
The next stop…a British Museum. Baltor utilized the same exact methods as with the Louvre in order to acquire the skull.
The next…the Louvre Museum in Paris. This skull had to be replaced with “a magical optical illusion” that would last 24 hours…
The next…inside the coffin of an ancient Mayan high priest, in Peru.
And the final two had been taken from two private owners—the first being a French archeologist’s grandfather who had recovered it in Mexico a century earlier. The second owner being a billionaire who lived in a mansion on his very own tropical island—Baltor again cast the 24-hour illusion for both skulls.
Overall, it took him a grand total of one hour and thirty-five minutes to acquire all thirteen, before he had arrived back in the hotel room—from all the teleporting, he was quite exhausted, and so he passed out in his bed.
The following night, he was awakened to feeling himself being shaken…upon opening his eyes, he discovered Trendon standing next to him.
“Sleep well?”
While yawning and stretching, Baltor said aloud, “Yeah…it pooped me out.”
“Excellent. So…are you ready for the next phase, in which will be you practicing driving cars, tanks, helicopters, jets, etc?”
“Yes, my master,” Baltor said as he sat up in bed.
In the blink of an eye, he sat in the driver’s seat of a red Ferrari, which car happened to be a duplicate that he had seen on television in the Eighth Plane—looking over to the passenger’s seat—the only other seat in this car—he saw Trendon sitting there.
With a wave of the hand that ended with his finger pointing straight ahead, Trendon said, “Don’t worry about cops or people—there’s nobody living around, as we’re in a simulator of our minds. Think of this like a video game and have fun…”
Baltor turned the key and began driving it around, mostly at top speed—within thirty seconds he knew how to drive the car, comfortably…
Nearly an hour later, Trendon said, “All right, now to a tank.”
Instantly, they were now sitting in an M1 battle-tank—Trendon said, “Go ahead and take her for a test drive.”
Remembering his training from the video game, Baltor started the tank and took it for a test-drive, which tank could go up to whopping sixty-five miles per hour and could easily run over trees.
An hour later, Trendon said, “All right—now to a helicopter.”
In the snap of a finger, Baltor now sat in the seat of an Apache helicopter, with a pilot’s helmet already on his head—the vehicle sat on a helicopter-landing pad on a modern-day military base. Trendon sat in the gunner’s seat located behind his own.
“Go ahead and take her for a test drive for a little while, before I show you how to fire the machine guns and rockets.”
Baltor did everything perfectly—a little more than two exciting hours later, Trendon ordered, “Perfect. Land her back at the strip.”
He did—thereupon, Trendon said, “Now to the jet.”
In the next split second, they now sat in an F-15 Strike Eagle—also landed in the beginning of a landing strip on an aircraft carrier.
“Ready, apprentice?”
“Yes, master,” he said, before he cranked on the turbine engines, which instantly roared to life—in fact, the engines of this jet and the tank he had driven sounded exactly the same! Right away, he pushed forward on the throttle, which caused the jet to move faster and faster each passing second.
Only a handful of seconds later, they were already up in the air, and Baltor began yanking the joystick here and there using just his telekinetic powers—not unlike riding on his giant hawk, Praetor!
“Whooo hoooooooo!” Baltor screamed in exultation.
“Glad to know you’re having fun, young one,” Trendon said with a smile. “Whenever you’re done flying, just let me know.”
“Okay.”
One very exciting hour later, after hundreds of aerobatic maneuvers were performed, as well shooting off a bunch of missiles at other jets that were flying about, or blowing up towers sitting on the ground, Baltor said, “Ready whenever you are for the next vehicle to try out.”
It was then that Trendon caused Time to stop with the snap of a finger, before he asked, “Lessons are over—excellent job. Are you ready for the next stage and open up the spaceship?”
“Yes, my master.”
Trendon nodded his head one time, before saying, “Very well—in a minute or so when I’m done with my little briefing, I’m going to teleport us both to the storage facility where the ship is parked. Don’t worry about the process of checking us out of the hotel…it’s already been taken care of. And don’t worry about the training to learn how to fly this ship. I’ll have you do that training for real.”
“Okay.”
“Once we’re there at the ship,” Trendon added, “there will be ‘a time freeze’ still going on, which will give us fifteen minutes to set the skulls around this ship, which in turn will open the door. Once opened, pick up the skulls, put them into your pocket, and enter the ship—all the while I will be fixing the ship so it is once again flyable. Once fixed, I will navigate us to the next location, which will be deep underneath the Atlantic Ocean. Once we’re in the abysmal parts, I’ll begin fixing everything else that needs to get fixed. Once the ship’s one hundred percent operational, I’ll teach you how to pilot it, in which your new title is Navigator—as for me, I will be the ship’s Captain. Capiche, Navigator?”
“Capiche, Captain,” Baltor replied, understanding not only everything that Trendon had said, yet knowing the proper way to reply to that 1940s slang word, which he had heard Reva use that 1940s slang word many-a-times throughout their vacation, meaning “do you understand?” She explained not only what it meant, yet that in order to reply, one must use the same word.
Upon hearing his navigator’s reply, Trendon closed his eyes for a split second—in the next split second, both stood next to each other inside a massive storage facility.
Besides all the guards frozen in place, there rested hundreds of rows of stacked wooden boxes. Every box had been stamped with the symbol of a sickle crossed with a hammer. In the very middle of this room sat a sleek-looking and silvery-colored spaceship, mostly wrapped under a blue tarp.
“All right, Baltor, what you need to do is to set the thirteen skulls evenly around the ship in a circle—I know you can do a perfect job.”
“Yes, captain.”
Within a half-minute’s time, all skulls were set. Once aligned, they magically glowed a bluish color, but for only a single second. In the next, a whooshing sound occurred as the ship’s ramp began to open and lower to the ground. All the while, Trendon telekinetically folded up the tarp until two-feet-by-two-feet, and sitting in his physical hands. By this time, the ramp touched the ground.
Trendon ordered, “Grab the skulls and hurry inside…be aware that there are three alien corpses in there, although they won’t stink as they’ve been dead for a long time.”
“Yes, master,” he said, just before he did. After picking up the final skull and putting it into his magic pocket, he hurried on inside—he could go left or he could go right.
To the left, he heard Trendon say, “I’m over here in the engine room.”
Just then, Baltor heard that whooshing sound occur again, as the ramp began to slide close—already had he begun to make his way for the rear of the ship.
After seeing that Trendon telekinetically moved tools that were fixing damaged parts of the now-exposed engine, Baltor asked, “After we’ve taken off, are you wanting me to cast an illusion spell, and make it look like the spaceship with the tarp on it is still there?”
While simultaneously repairing the engine, Trendon answered, “Sounds good…by the time they discover that this ship is gone tomorrow, we will be long gone.”
“Okay.”
Nearly twenty minutes later, Trendon finally said, “There—that should make it work. Follow me to the cockpit. I will drive.”
“Okay.”
With that, Trendon led the way through the equally-slick-on-the-inside-as-the-outside ship to the cockpit doors. After a psychic thought, the doors mechanically slid open upon his approach.
The first thing that drew Baltor’s attention was the fact that there were three nearly-burnt-to-a-crisp alien corpses sitting in cockpit seats—the alien on the left had a helmet-with-goggles on his head, and a joystick in his left hand. The parts that weren’t burnt on these aliens revealed they had vanilla-colored/ovular-shaped heads, black-orbed eyes, black gloves, black boots and a silver-colored uniform. He had seen one such creature on the boat in the Abyss.
In the front part of the cockpit sat a large sci-fi computer terminal filled with buttons and gadgets galore, which terminal had also been severely damaged by fire—and sitting above the terminal, as well around the entire circular-shaped/fire-damaged cockpit (including through the doors that had already sealed shut), there were silver walls, a floor and a ceiling. There were no windows anywhere.
After plucking off the helmet and joystick, Trendon levitated the bodies to the back part of the ship—meanwhile, the man physically took a seat on the front-left side. With a point of his finger to the seat in the right, he next revealed, “Sit there.”
Baltor did.
“I still have some parts to fix up here in the cockpit, so give me some time…be patient.”
“Okay.”
Trendon closed his eyes—spare parts began to fly into the cockpit, as well more tools. Those tools began to remove the damaged parts, and put on the new parts. Within eight minutes, the tools and the old parts levitated out of the room, only seconds before he said, “All right…let’s go!”
With that, he put on the helmet with goggles, before informing, “I will be starting up the engines in just a second—it takes thirty seconds for the engines to warm up before we can fly out of here. As soon as I tell you to, cast that illusion.”
“Yes, captain.”
In that moment, despite the fact that time continued to remain frozen, the engines fired up. It was then that Baltor asked, “But captain…how are you going to get the ship out of here? There is only one exit out of this building, of which is locked and sealed?”
Trendon laughed just before he said, “No—in this ship, we don’t need an exit—we’ll pass through the ceiling as if it were simply an illusion, although it’s not, nor are we. Buckle your seatbelt.”
Baltor laughed back, while nodding his head and using his hands to buckle in.
A few moments later, the walls, floor and ceiling abruptly transformed into a 360-degree television screen, revealing the bunker all around them, including the concrete ground and the metallic ceiling above! The only objects that could now be seen in the cockpit at all were the two men, the helmet and joystick, the three seats and seatbelts, the control panel, and the areas that had been ravaged by fire.
Baltor continued to remain absolutely amazed at this unbelievable machine, especially as the spaceship began to rise higher and higher off the ground—and yet it wasn’t going slow at all, for only two seconds later, it had already passed through the ceiling, flying straight up into the night sky! Looking below, he could see that the roof was still totally intact.
Interrupting Baltor’s mesmerized thoughts, Trendon ordered, “Baltor, go ahead and cast that image now.”
“Yes, captain,” he said before he mentally cast the illusion inside the storage facility.
Once done, a few seconds later, he began to look all around, noting that they were now moving forward, going at least Mach-7, but it didn’t feel like there was a single ounce of a gravitational pull, like when he had been on the airplane. There were the slight rumblings of the incredibly powerful engine, as well the occasional shake of his seat as it lightly bounced around. He asked aloud, “So how fast can this thing go?”
Though Trendon still wore the helmet and goggles, he looked over before answering, “Very… Once we get everything fixed and tweaked, I will teach you how to pilot it; and once you have gotten good, I’ll let you discover the very answer to your question in the pilot’s seat…okay?”
“Okay, captain,” Baltor answered.
Just then, they began flying over a blurry mass of sea, evident by the deep-blue waters with the four-foot high white tides…only seconds passed before it splashed into the oceanic waters…and only seconds more passed before it had already plummeted thousands of feet until at the very bottom of the sea!
Soon after, they had discovered an even deeper and darker cavern, which led them straight down thousands more feet, until in pitch-black waters. Still another remarkable feature this ship possessed was the fact that although there had been thousands of sea-creatures in the ship’s path, a magnetic force field harmlessly pushed them off to the side before passing by.
Perhaps ten seconds after they had entered those pitch-black waters, the ship stopped, though Baltor was only aware of this fact because of the fact that his seat had slightly bounced up and down—after Trendon had taken off his helmet and set it onto the armrest, he asked, “So what do you think?”
Baltor answered the question with another question, “Of what? The ship? It’s unbelievably amazing, except for the fact it’s true!”
“No…your surroundings.”
With a laugh, Baltor responded, “Oh—well, all I see through the black waters out there are plain-looking rock walls.”
“That is because of the creatures out there who fled, due to all the vibrations this ship put out. But, in a few moments, they will return—ah, see them?”
Neither men had to use any sort of special vision to see these monstrous-looking sea creatures of all shapes and sizes, a few as big as a house—they all began to come out of hiding places. At the same time, many of these creatures had already begun to light up like light bulbs, in order to attract their prey! Already had the game of cat-and-mouse recommenced…abysmal-underwater style.
After clucking his tongue, Baltor added, “This is such an incredible sight, captain…except most of these creatures look so hideous and ugly! A few look like some of the monsters I saw in hell.”
Trendon answered most-seriously, “As hideous and ugly as these very monsters seem, they only have the mind of very-low-functioning animals. Still, they play a crucial element for this planet’s very survival and evolutionary development, as they have always done. The leftover remains of the prey become the food for algae, which in turn become the food for many of the other sea creatures, which in turn creates all of the other food chain lists, with the humans at the very top of that list. Yet even these humans’ remains, after his or her death that inevitably comes, sooner or later, turn out to become great fertilizer for either the ground or the sea. What amazes me about mortals of all forms is just how hard they persevere on, even though they know it is but a matter of time before death comes to take them…
“Similar-but-different creatures also exist deep underwater on your planet, of whom have the very same mission as these creatures, kill or be killed—as a matter of fact, on one thousand, eight hundred, and forty two different planets or watery moons do these pre-prehistoric life forms exist. Now do we have the right to judge even the ugliest of these creatures, and say that they don’t have a right to exist just because they’re ugly and hideous?”
“No, my captain, we don’t have that right to judge them—in fact, I kid you not when I see their inner beauty, strangely enough.”
Trendon replied with a smile and a nod to his head, “Good, my young friend. Don’t ever judge a book just by its book-cover, unless the message inside you decrees that the person/s is diabolical, treacherous, evil, and powerful enough to hurt and kill others. When such is the case, it is our superhero duties, as Watchers to stop them—like the Vompareus.”
Baltor said, “You’re right, captain—I see where you’re going with this.”
“Tell me then, my apprentice.”
“I—I have been guilty of becoming attracted to women who are beautiful on the outside, just by physical appearances and dress—instead of looking for the inner beauty and purpose…or the inner ugliness and purposelessness.”
Just then, “the black waters outside” instantly disappeared, now replaced with “the cockpit’s silvery-interior”—Trendon set his helmet and joystick onto the seat, stood up, and said, “Exactly…follow me…”
As he walked to the back of the room, the doors slid open, revealing the hallway beyond—Baltor followed.
Once back in the engine room, he asked, “What are we doing back here? I thought you fixed the engine.”
While tools worked on their own and dozens more parts of all shapes and sizes became simultaneously replaced, Trendon answered, “I fixed it so it would get us out of there and over to here. I still have to fix the majority of it…this very ship can not only move ten times the speed of light, yet it can literally fold the universe in half, so that we can travel from point A to point B in the snap of a finger, and if desired, even time travel. If you thought the wormhole I magically created was impressive, wait until you see this vehicle in action—equally impressive!”
“I have a question?”
“Yes?”
“Why is it the aliens died and crashed this ship on earth if their technology was so superior?”
“Ah, very good question, my apprentice. The thing that killed them happened to be the horrible pollution clogging Earth’s skies—they should have thought to check the air quality first. The only reason why these particular aliens didn’t was because they had visited this planet one-half century earlier, when it was nearly pollution-free. Their delicate bodies could not handle it; seconds after entering the atmosphere, they had an instant allergic reaction that caused their throats and eyes to swell, and thus they suffocated to death before they could retreat into space, which in turn caused the ship to crash land, and a fire to erupt in the cockpit. I could show you the video of it if you want to watch it…”
Shaking his head, Baltor said, “No thanks…may I ask another question?”
Trendon patiently said, “Go ahead.”
“Why is it you still utilize magic to teleport around, instead of relying on this superior technology?”
“Oh,” Trendon said with a light laugh, “I never said I didn’t use technology…but never did I tell you that I have, do, and will—prior to the present, you just weren’t ready to learn any of this information yet. Now you are ready to learn. And as you can clearly see now, I use both…magic and technology. Oh, just so you know, aliens like these do not have any magical powers whatsoever…we, originally of the humanoid race, do. Again, checks and balances…”
Baltor said, “I’ve another question. Why is it the Vompareus don’t also use this technology?”
Trendon answered, “Yet another example of checks and balances—Vompareus love magic as it’s chaotic in nature, but hate technology as it symbolizes the scientific order in the universe. Besides eliminating all life forms but their own, including extraterrestrial races of whom they hate, but are not yet powerful enough to attack, yet, another of their primary goals is to destroy any and all technological devices.”
Baltor sang, “I see. Very interesting.”
“Understand one more thing, Baltor. Even though we have this spaceship, this war we are about to face is going to be the most difficult war you and I have ever faced! On December 21st, 2012, we will be combating against billions and billions and billions of Vompareus—after they’ve opened the portal somewhere on this planet, which event could happen anytime now, as they soon will be in this solar system on that other planet.
“Oh, and you alone will have to fight them on foot, as their magic is too strong for even this technology to breach. As for me, I will be flying this ship to their planet, in order to bomb it in space.”
“Great,” Baltor said quite sarcastically, “I thought we were both going to be fighting them on this spaceship!”
“Nope—not initially. Also, just so you know, I will only get one shot to destroy that other planet—so the second you have shut the portal from the other side, teleport back here into the cockpit of this ship, and I will fire.”
Baltor gulped.
“Relax…the power of their combined magics vs. us and our spaceship almost equals out in the end—good vs. evil. They have a 58% chance of success—we have a 42%. Understand?”
After sucking in a deep breath and releasing, Baltor said, “Yes, my captain.”
Only a few moments later, Trendon said with a nod, “There—that should do it. Follow me back into the cockpit.”
“Yes, sir,” Baltor said, before doing so.
Once there, he watched as Trendon telekinetically used a dozen scrub brushes, rags and even buckets filled with either water and/or soap, in order to scrub and wash off all the burnt areas on the walls, floors and ceiling.
“Where did you get all those cleaning supplies?”
“Oh, from my own magic pocket, Baltor.”
“Ah, I see…”
Fifteen minutes later, the walls and control panel sparkled clean…Trendon forthwith used telekinesis to have the tools and other cleaning items moved to the back of the ship.
He then asked, “Much better, yes?”
“Yes, captain. One more question for you. What weapons shall I be using for the first stage in our battle plan?”
“Well…good question, which deserves another question. What have been your two favorite weapons to use so far in life?”
After nodding his head, Baltor said, “Ah…my swords!”
“Exactly…all right, now I have two more tasks to finish until this ship is once again operational, and I can begin to train you how to pilot it. In the meantime, follow me,” Trendon said, before he made his way for the hallway.
“What two tasks?” Baltor asked as he followed.
“First, I’ve got to remodel the weapons’ system, so it’ll be powerful enough to make that one-shot-planet-kill. And second, I’ve got to remodel the time-traveling device, just in case you fail to stop them on Earth.”
“You think I’ll fail?”
By this time, the two had entered into the far-right-side room near the end of the hallway.
Inside this cube-shaped room with silver walls sat a strange-looking metallic box in the middle of the floor. One foot above this device hovered a ruby that possessed the shape of a princess-cut diamond, yet this jewel’s size happened to be ten-feet squared. Baltor estimated that it would cost nearly ten million rubles or parsecs. Finally, there stood another closed, silver doorway on the far side of this room, which door had a small lit-up box at waist-high.
While more tools and parts telekinetically entered the room and moved about, so they could remove the silver plate from the contraption and work on the very sophisticated parts on the inside, Trendon answered, “Probably…nothing personal. But remember this motto: ‘even when you fail, try-try again.’”
“Okay,” Baltor said. “Hey, I’ve got a question, and that question is: why are you rigging this weapon for only one single blast, instead of dozens, or hundreds, or thousands of shots for multiple targets?”
Trendon answered, “Because…if I adapted it to make two shots, the blast would not be powerful enough to destroy that planet to smithereens to the point where the planet’s remaining fragments cause very little damage to Earth and her inhabitants. If all goes right, the worst that will happen is that the entire planet will be covered with a good foot of alien topsoil, which soil will benefit this earth in so many ways, including stabilizing it from earthquakes and fertilizing the crops.”
“Ahhh…I see, my captain.”
“I’m going to need another five minutes or so, and then I will be done repairing this device. Let me concentrate my fullest attentions now to this task, as it is very technical and brain-demanding…please?”
“No problem.”
They spent the next five minutes in complete silence, until the ruby began to glow, thanks to the mechanical lights directly underneath it that rotated around in tiny circles. In fact, as Baltor looked around, red prisms of light flashed here and there all over the walls and ceiling!
A second later, Trendon swiped his hands together, before saying, “There…all I need to do is put back on the cover, and I’m done.”
Baltor did not say anything, but he did nod one time.
A handful of seconds later, the cover bolted itself onto the device—once so, the tools and spare parts flew out of the room.
“Follow me…once I start working on the time-traveling device, I’m going to again need silence.”
“Yes, captain.”
They next went to the closed room on the other side of the hall—the door opened. In the middle of this circular-shaped room, twenty-five feet in diameter, stood a five-foot tall black pedestal.
As for the ten-foot tall walls, they consisted of large, bluish-tinged/fluorescent light bulbs that ran vertically from floor to ceiling—horizontally on the floor and ceiling. Twelve of the forty-eight bulbs were nonoperational—more than half of these were cracked or shattered.
More tools and parts zoomed into the room and toward the contraption, which tools first removed the exterior cover, before they operated on the blue-colored circuit boards on the inside. At the same time, thirty-six light bulbs flew into the room, while the burned out light bulbs separated themselves from their attachments and exited the room.
As the new bulbs began to attach themselves into their sockets, they lit up—at the same time, Baltor observed as all of the old parts became separated from the interior of the device itself, before becoming replaced by new parts.
A grand total of ten minutes passed before the cover was bolted back on—only a second later, the device became operational, evident by the mechanized-whooshing sound that surged from within.
“There…well, Navigator, you ready to learn how to pilot this thing or what?”
“Yes, captain!” Baltor replied with a whole lot of enthusiasm.
“Follow me to the cockpit.”
Without word, he followed.
Once back inside, Trendon turned around and said, “Okay, take the joystick, put on the helmet, and sit in the navigator’s seat.”
“Okay.”
After he had completed his tasks, he heard Trendon say, “Good. Before I explain what each button or lever does on this joystick, of which there are only three, I will first tell you that you can simply maneuver this ship around by maneuvering your joystick-wielding hand around. If you want the ship to go down, lower your arm, and vice-versa. If you want the ship to go left or right, move your arm in the appropriate direction. Just like in some of those videogames you were playing back at the hotel.”
While nodding his head, Baltor replied, “Okay—understood.”
“Now, the silver lever nearest your thumb will activate the light speed—up to a grand total of ten times—ten times the speed of light is the fastest this thing will move. By clicking back on the silver lever, your speed will diminish per click—up to a grand total of eleven times, which will put the ship in reverse. Understand?”
“Yes, sir.”
Trendon next instructed, “Even the first push of this very button forward will send chills up-and-down your back the first time you move at light-speed. Do not try to manually navigate your way around for anything faster than five times the speed of light, but have your course pre-plotted, which I’m about to explain to you in a little bit. Understand?”
“Yes, sir.”
Trendon next explained, “This leads me to the white button nearest your pinky. By pushing it down one time and releasing it, it will open up the computer’s main menu inside your goggles. By pushing it one time again, it will close the window inside your goggles. Push it one time now.”
Baltor did—in the next moment he saw an illuminated menu on the right eye goggle itself, which menu had seven options. One, activate engine; two, activate anti-gravity; three; activate invisibility; four, activate weapons; five, activate shields; six, activate time travel; seven, plot out course across the universal maps.
“As you can see,” Trendon explained, “the options in this menu are self-explanatory. Push the white button again.”
Baltor did—the menu disappeared.
“Finally yet most importantly,” Trendon added with the point of his index finger, “the red button closest to your index finger is the main trigger button, for firing the laser blasters. Typically you can get around a thousand blasts before the ruby has to be replaced, which is the ammo—now it’s set for one blast, so don’t ever push that button, not even once. Okay?”
“Yes, captain.”
“Oh, just so you know, we do have one more ruby, stored in the large metallic box located in the closet in the weapon’s room. That one shall be used for the next Vompareus-inhabited planet. After this planet is destroyed, we will have to locate one final ruby in the universe, in order to blow up the final planet they’ve conquered—somewhere along the way, we will find the rod. After that, we make our way for the Realm of Darkness. Got it?”
“Got it…”
“Okay,” Trendon said, “Go ahead and open up the map—following that, activate just the engine, allow one minute’s time to pass in order to warm it up, and then you can activate the anti-gravity, shields and the invisibility at the same time.”
One minute and one second later, all was said and done, including Trendon being buckled into his seat.
He then ordered, “Go ahead and bring us up into space at Mach-1—don’t forget to be careful. Remember—this is not a simulation. Even though we have shields, if we smack into anything going faster than Mach-9, we will cause structural damage, especially to whatever we hit…and trust me, we don’t want to give our presence away to anyone just yet.”
“Yes, captain,” Baltor replied, just before he extended up his joystick-wielding hand and arm—the silvery walls once again disappeared, revealing the pitch-black waters outside.
The one reason why Baltor knew they were rising at all…they had already exited the cavern, continuously rising straight up through the waters at an incredible speed.
Only a handful of seconds later, they broke the plane of water, continuing to rise higher and higher through the cloudless skies.
Not even ten seconds later, they had broken the plane of the atmosphere, now rising higher and higher through outer space.
Trendon ordered, “Go ahead and fly the ship and have some fun…but be careful of all the electronic satellites floating in space all around this planet.”
“Yes, captain,” Baltor said, just before he did—first he began to direct the ship toward the half-lit moon that lay on the far side of the planet, about a million and four thousand miles away. Of course, he navigated around twelve satellites along the way, all of which were cellular phone/internet satellites, except for the seventh satellite. A small space station orbited, with two astronauts inside. Overall, the journey took four minutes and fifteen seconds, and Baltor had navigated like a pro!
“Technology is as wonderful as magic, is it not, my apprentice?” Trendon asked.
While nodding his head up and down, Baltor answered with a quickened breath, heartbeat and adrenaline, “Yes…it is, captain!”
Trendon said, “That is our check-and-balances in the game, which gives us the 42% chance of success—we will be using both technology and magic as our allies. And I hope and pray, we will win!”
“Me too.”
Just then, they began to near a yellowy-orange planet about a quarter of a million miles away, which had a just-as-colorful sphere wrapped around it—Baltor remembered seeing this planet on their way to Earth.
Trendon said, “That planet is called Saturn, which is another name for one of the Roman gods. In fact, all of the planets of this solar system are named after Roman deities—the Mayans had different names for these planets.”
After taking a deep breath, he went on to explain, “Actually, these visiting deities weren’t deities at all, but human extra-terrestrials who wanted to assist with the next stage in human evolution. Some even procreated with the humans of this planet, who bore children who later bore their own children, and so on and so on—a few still survive to date, though none know their ancestors’ otherworld origins. The Hebrews called this same group, ‘The Angelic Watchers,’ although this is not what we are, for we cannot physically procreate nor are we angels, as you well know.”
Just then they passed by a far-larger planet, bearing similar colors like Saturn, but the skies looked cloudy, stormy and full of lightning bolts, especially “in the eye of the storm” near the middle! It had six moons orbiting it.
Trendon revealed, “This planet is Jupiter—the patron of all the deities, otherwise known by Greek mythology as Zeus. I’m sure you learned all there was to know about him and the other gods while in Rome. Correct?”
“Yes, captain.”
“There is one more planet I want to go check out—see the gray-colored-planet-with-the-slight-blue-aura over there?”
“Yeah.”
Trendon ordered, “Make for it at Warp-2.”
“Aye, aye, captain,” he said. After pointing the joystick straight for it, the ship began to move that direction. One second later, he flipped the lever forward, which shot them to Warp-1!
Trendon was right, for Baltor felt goose bumps surging up and down his back, as well his arms—exhilarating to say the least!
Feeling the adrenaline pumping throughout his veins, he clicked forward the lever but one more time. The planet, which had been just a tiny speck as it hovered billions upon billions of miles away…was almost on top of them seconds later. Baltor clicked back on the same lever twice, back to back, so they did not accidentally crash into the planet!
When the ship stopped a split second later, they were about six hundred miles away from the outer atmosphere. They could now see every single little detail about this gaseous planet, of which Baltor still did not know its name. He had not thought about looking up information from the Internet about the names of these planets in this solar system, although he did remember in that second about hearing about a planet called Venus.
A split second after the ship had stopped, Trendon answered, “This planet is named after the Roman goddess Venus. Now I’m not mad or anything, but next time…do not stop until I give you the order to stop. Understand, navigator?”
“Aye, aye, captain.”
“Tell me what you remember about the goddess herself.”
After sucking in a deep breath, he answered, “The tour-guide told me that she was the Roman goddess of love, beauty, lust and fertility. The neighboring Greeks, of whom had often warred against the Romans, especially during their early roots in the Second century BC, even stole her identity and changed the name to Aphrodite—the Greek word ‘aphrodisiacs’ essentially means ‘sexually-oriented foods and/or delicacies.’ By the way, how far do you want me to keep going? Trust me there’s a ton I could say…”
“No, that’s fine.”
“Why do you want to know about this goddess?”
Trendon answered, “Well, this is the planet she was named after—the planet that will, even if the Vompareus are stopped, will pass between the sun and the earth on Dec. 21st, 2012. We will have to be there and to use the anti-gravity forces from this ship, as well use all our magical powers, in order to stop Venus’s gravitation pulls, so it does not knock the earth out of alignment, and kill everyone in the process.”
After nodding his head, Baltor answered, “Okay.”
Trendon ordered, “I want you to open up the menu, open up the navigator-computer, and have it plot us a safe course for 'Alpha Pegasi' in the Andromeda Galaxy at a speed of warp-10.”
“Yes, captain,” he said before he did, moving the joystick around and clicking the button until everything had all been spelled out.
Twenty seconds later, a mini-map of the two galaxies popped up in his visor, revealing a trail that zigzagged until reaching the brightest sun in that constellation—the constellation resembled nothing like winged horses. Instead, it resembled a basic square with four bright corners…the trail ended at the star in the southwestern corner. Very few dim stars could be seen around the area.
Twenty seconds later, a beeping sound occurred for a second, before the navigator-computer revealed, “Distance to destination: One hundred and forty light years away. Time until arrival: Fourteen years.”
Baltor looked over at Trendon with a very confused look, especially at how long that trip was going to take!
Sounding amused, Trendon chuckled for a few times, before he explained, “I didn’t say we were going to travel there that way. What I want you to do now is to physically tell the computer these very words, ‘Change Warp-10 to Universal-rift.’”
“Change Warp-10 to Universal-rift.”
The computer replied, “One moment…ready. In order to implement your order, say ‘activate.’”
Baltor looked over at Trendon, who simply nodded his head one time. The navigator said, “Activate.”
From all around, he watched as the universe itself literally folded in half in front of the ship—on the other side, he could now the constellation, now appearing to be but a trillion miles away.
“Move us forward through the rift, Navigator.”
“Aye, captain,” Baltor replied, before he moved the joystick forward. In turn, the ship moved forward until it passed through the rift. As soon as it did, the rift closed on other side—he didn’t have to see it in order to feel and know it had shut…
Inside the center of this solar system that they were now fast approaching, there hovered two planets with a yellow sun in the middle.
The nearest planet, about six million miles away, looked gaseous in nature—reds intermixed with blues—bearing three different types and sizes of moons floating around it.
The other planet—about a trillion-in-a-half miles away but was only about five hundred thousand miles away from the sun—looked earthlike in nature—filled with various-sized-and-shaped rivers, lakes, oceans, as well all types of land terrains. However, there was no icy tundra, nor any clouds to be found, nor any moons orbiting this planet.
Trendon said, “Navigator, fly us toward that earth-like planet—Warp-10. Now.”
“Yes, captain,” said the navigator before he did.
Perhaps ten seconds later, the captain ordered, “Stop.”
He did—they were now a million miles away from the planet.
Trendon revealed, “The earthlike planet below is called by Earthlings ‘51 Pegasi B.’ Though there are billions of life forms, there are only two species of primitive humanoids who’ve lived on this planet since their initial split five thousand years ago. They look similar to us, except that they have either green or blue skin, white or gold hair, and they call this world ‘Aquantis.’ Yes, they are quite intelligent.”
After taking a deep breath, he taught, “Originally they all had blue skin and lived under the water with fins and gills, but one day, one rebellious member of this clan decided to check out the land—he came to discover, only seconds after swimming on the beach, his fins turned into legs! Excited about this newfound discovery, he searched out the lands beyond the beach for a few hours, before heading back home in the sea and let his clan know about his discovery.”
After a short pause, Trendon added, “Instead of being happy, most of the villagers began to chastise, saying that living on the land was against the law! Despite the warning, this young man grabbed his willing girlfriend, as well a few more adventurous/rebellious friends, and they formed their own community on land. They in turn had kids, who in turn had more kids, etc. Eventually, due to the sun, their skin gradually turned from blue to green.
“As for the green-folk nowadays, they have just learned how to melt bronze metals, for weapons and armor. It will be thousands of years before they even begin to learn about technology. And the blue-folk have only recently learned how to manipulate nature—through a primitive form of tribal magic, which will grow and develop as fast as technology. Would you like to take a closer look at both groups before we head back?”
“Sure.”
“Okay, Navigator, fly us to an altitude of ten thousand feet up in the air—it shouldn’t take us too long to find a settlement, so you can take a closer look.”
“Yes, captain,” he said before he did.
At ten thousand feet up in the air, Baltor leveled out the ship, as it flew northwest through the skies—invisibly and silently. Here and there, he saw very small groups of the green-skin people, tilling and farming the land, but he could barely make them out as they were flying at Mach-7.
Nearly a half-minute later, Trendon ordered, “Navigator, stop.”
The ship stopped. Trendon ordered, “Okay, if you look to the right about five hundred miles, there is their largest settlement, about six hundred villagers—fly the ship right over it, please.”
“Yes, captain,” he said before he did.
Five seconds later, the navigator stopped the ship—the captain next ordered, “Drop the altitude to one hundred feet, so you can take a closer look.”
“Yes, captain.”
Once at one hundred feet, he stopped the ship.
Trendon next said, “Go ahead and take a look-see. Once you’re done, I’ll show you how the aquatic people live.”
“Okay.”
Amongst the tribal wood huts with thatched roofs, Baltor observed as the men had just formed a group outside the village—each armed with a bronze-tipped spear or bow-and-arrows…all armored with bronze tunics. The womenfolk, wearing simple tribal attire, continued meshing some type of flour inside the village, and the kids played and ran all around. On the far side, there dwelt three or four outdoor/primitive-looking blacksmith shops with smoke rising out the chimneys—none of the other buildings had chimneys. Furthermore, these shops happened to be the only buildings whose walls consisted of four posts holding up a metallic roof.
For about the next ten minutes or so, he watched as the men had a clan meeting before they left—obviously going on a hunting expedition, probably for food. A few of the older boys followed behind the men…but soon they even returned to the village, as they knew they were not old enough to go.
Baltor looked over at Trendon, as he had seen enough—unless of course, the captain had something else to show his navigator.
He did, as he said, “The men are going hunting, but it will be two days before they run into a herd of the cousin-species to the buffalo—we don’t have the time to wait around. Do you know what a buffalo is?”
Baltor answered, “I saw a picture of it on the Internet—they kind of look like ‘chahusa’ on my home planet, except buffalos are hairy.”
Trendon replied, “Exactly. So as you can see, life forms from different planets produce different species—yet are essentially the same.”
With a point of his right index finger, he next ordered, “Navigate to the sea up there to the right—about two hundred miles away. Once there, which won’t take anytime at all in this ship, dive underneath the waters five hundred feet beyond the coastline to a depth of one hundred feet below sea level. I’ll let you know of any navigational adjustments we have to make along the way.”
“Yes captain,” Baltor said before he did.
Thirty seconds later, the ship was already diving into the sea. As they passed by the aquatic sea life, Baltor observed that these creatures looked vastly different from those on his planet, or on Earth—coming ahead in view dwelt a major underwater city, chiseled out from dozens of miles of coral reef. Swimming around were thousands of blue humanoid creatures, but with fins instead of legs—in Baltor’s opinion, they semi-resembled the myths of mermaids, though he never seen a single mermaid before, until today.
Approximately one-half of a mile from the village, Trendon ordered, “Stop. If we get any closer, the natives here will know something isn’t right, due to the vibrations this ship produces. They have a sonar-type of sense.”
In this culture, Baltor observed that the men and the women worked together—whether working on underwater crops, sewing, or even hunting fish with spears made from coral. In a vast majority of ways, they were just like their land-dwelling cousins, other than the fact this group lived underwater.
“Well, navigator, whenever you’re done, let me know and I’ll let you know where to take us next.”
“Yes, captain.”
Around five minutes later, Baltor nodded his head, and said, “Ready whenever you are, captain.”
“Okay, swivel your seat around, and back us out of here at the same speed we used to get here.”
“Yes, captain,” he said before he did.
About a mile back, Trendon ordered, “Stop. Now launch us straight up into space at Mach-1—we’re clear.”
“Yes, captain.”
Once they had reached space, not even ten seconds later, the captain ordered, “Stop. When I give the order, you will next begin to dogfight against other alien ships using this ship, until you’ve become proficient. I have already disengaged the actual firing pin, and activated the holographic-simulator device, which will not only simulate your laser blasters, but will also simulate other alien ships and their laser blasters, of which you will fight against until they are destroyed. Along the way, there will be missions you will have to accomplish. Do you understand?”
“Yes, sir,” Baltor said with eagerness.
For the next several hours, he either fought against wave after wave of attacking ships, and/or protected friendly supply spaceships. In fact, this videogame happened to be very detailed, pitting up against “fictional villains” in superior ships to his own. Of course, the navigator had never once died, though there were a couple close calls near the end…like when he had to fight against five hundred enemy ships at once, including the lizard-leader of the faction—General Thrawlk!
The computer revealed, “Game over—congratulations!”
“Excellent job, navigator,” Trendon also commended.
“Thank you captain.”
“Now, using the nav-computer, plot us a course back for Earth using the universal-rift to the date of June 21st, 2012. Once this course and time is given, I give you the go-ahead to make it so.”
“Yes, sir,” said before he did. Only thirty seconds later, the universe once again folded in on itself, seeing Earth on the other side a billion miles away—he next flew the ship forward beyond the rift, which rift closed seconds after they had passed.
“Excellent job, Navigator.”
“Thank you captain—your next orders?”
While pointing with his finger, Trendon answered, “See Venus over there? I want you to fly halfway between Venus and Earth and then stop.”
Once Baltor had reached the halfway point, he stopped.
Trendon next ordered, “Turn on the anti-gravity to two hundred percent, which will not hurt our power supply. Then we wait for Venus to pass by the sun.”
Following the planetary eclipse that happened only thirty seconds later, and which eclipse lasted another thirty seconds, Trendon ordered, “Now, Navigator. Alter our time to 12:01 a.m., Dec 21st, 2012.”
Baltor did as ordered.
“Now,” Trendon said, “we make our way for Apocalypse Island.”



CHAPTER XVI


Two minutes later, the invisible ship landed in the middle of a large grassy field near the middle of Apocalypse Island—comprised of prairies amidst the jagged mountains and volcanic rock formations, the beaches, and of course, the ocean. Near the top-center of the island, there existed a small town—on the western side of the island, a small landing strip for airplanes.
One second after the ship had landed, Trendon looked over and ordered, “Stand up, carefully take off your helmet, and then set both it and the joystick gently in that compartment. Very sensitive equipment, I must inform you.”
Having done as ordered, Baltor answered with a strange look on his face, “Yes, captain…but I’ve got to ask. Is this really Apocalypse Island? I saw not only a landing strip yet a town…yet according to the show I recently watched, it took the explorer months to reach this island by boat a couple years back, and they only had a few days to explore the statues and the area before the next tropical storm passed through.”
Trendon couldn’t help but chuckle as answered, “The explorer was a fake in a few of his claims, including the name of this island, which name is really Robinson Caruso Island. Even more-so when he professed that he had sailed months on a boat to get here, and that the statues-in-question were chiseled by the ancient Mayans. They are merely natural rock formations.
“What he was right about was that the Mayans did travel here to this island by boat, nearly two millenniums ago. They also saw the statues, and believed them to be a sign from their gods.
“If modern-day archeologists had determined they were real, there would be tons more of them exploring the area out, which we do not want or need. What I’m about to show you should satisfactorily prove that this is indeed, Apocalypse Island.”
“I see, captain.”
“Excellent…please follow me,” he replied before turning around and walking out of the cockpit.
Perhaps a half-minute later, they had already exited the ship via the main entrance and were standing on solid ground—indeed the winds were blowing semi-strong at thirty miles per hour, but only enough to cause their clothing to flutter.
Other than the still-open ramp and a small part of the interior, the remainder of the ship continued to remain invisible—the moment they stood on ground, the ramp shut, causing the ship to become one hundred percent invisible once more.
Trendon pointed his index finger before stating, “If you look to where my finger is pointing, ten miles away, you will see the statue. Teleport there only when I wave you over.”
Baltor used his binocular-vision to see where he pointed, and once he had, he nodded his head.
Trendon teleported next to the jaguar—only then did he wave. In that same moment, Baltor stood next to his captain.
Using telekinesis, Trendon pushed the secret button on the jaguar’s belly—the ground slowly began to slide away, which inevitably revealed a four-foot wide by six-foot tall stone staircase that led deep down.
Instead of descending the stairs, he turned around, closed his eyes for a moment, and a portal opened up. He informed, “As there are five thousand steps to descend to get to the bottom, we are not going to walk down…we will teleport to the bottom. Go ahead first.”
“Yes, captain,” Baltor replied before entering the portal.
On the other side of the portal, he discovered that the stairs leveled out behind him, and in front of him, there dwelt a tunnel that zigzagged. Of course, the area was pitch-black, but neither he nor his captain needed light so see.
After Trendon closed the portal, he took the lead.
At the far end of this tunnel, a little more than a half-mile away, it opened up into an underground Mayan city, mostly comprised of thousands of thatched huts. In the middle of it all, there stood a Mayan pyramid, equal in size to the one in Chichenitza, but this structure looked Egyptian in that the walls were smooth. The only unusual thing about this place that Baltor discovered, so far…shadowy/tribal-looking people moved about from here to there in the blink of an eye…men, women and children!
While walking forward into the city, fearlessly, Trendon said over his right shoulder, “Do not worry about them—they are ghostly undead and will not bother us. In fact, they would serve us if we needed them, but we don’t.”
Only moments later, these ghosts began to bow as the two men passed…as Baltor followed, he wondered if the ghosts bowed because he and his master were once-upon-a-time vampiric-beast-lords, or because they possessed the crystal skulls. Perhaps both reasons, he concluded.
As they began to climb up the narrow steps of the pyramid, nearly ten minutes after having entered the city, Trendon said, “Oh—you’re correct. They bow in reverence for both reasons.”
“Okay, captain…or master…or whatever you like to be called.”
“Just call me captain.”
“Aye, aye, captain.”
Five minutes later, they were at the top of the pyramid, in which there wasn’t a soul around up here, except for the two men—inside this large gazebo, there sat thirteen tribal thrones that formed a complete circle, in which the seats faced outward. All were void of occupants…at least for the moment.
“Baltor, place a skull on each of the thrones facing outward.”
“Yes, master,” he said before he did—upon placing the final skull onto the final throne, all thirteen skulls slowly began to light up until they were as bright as normal light bulbs.
Even though Baltor honestly expected more to happen with the crystals, nothing else did.
Trendon looked over and asked, “Ready to teleport back into the cockpit? This time I will be taking the navigator’s seat, and you will be taking the captain’s seat, so aim your teleportation for your seat.”
“Yes, captain.”
With that, the two teleported inside the cockpit—Baltor sitting in the captain’s seat, and Trendon standing just next to the driver’s seat. After he had put on the helmet and picked up the joystick, he sat down just before he began to buckle himself in—Baltor had already buckled himself in.
Once Trendon was ready to go, only a couple moments later, he looked over at Baltor and said quite seriously, “After we reach outer-space, and I give the order, you are going to teleport back to the top of the entrance that leads down into the Mayan city we just left. Be ready to fight, as the Vompareus have already begun to come out of the portal from the other side as I speak.”
With a very perplexed look on his face, Baltor asked, “Why did you not just leave me there?”
“For many reasons—one, when we were standing there at the portal we just opened, between their world and this world, they could magically feel both our powerful presences even from the other side…they’re not stupid to take us both on at the same time, especially since they know exactly who we are!
“Two, now that we are away from the area and back inside the ship, they have already sent a few scouts to check out the ruins. By the time they make it outside, during the time of the eclipses at the same time, their moon and Mars, in nearly five minutes, we will already be in space. So, in turn, they will report to their superior-officers that ‘the coast is clear,’ and thus will begin to amass their forces inside the ruins until the eclipse becomes permanently locked into an eclipse, thanks to their magical powers. Then they will try to take over the planet…but you shall be waiting for them at the entrance, my apprentice.”
“So, what you’re really saying, captain, is that you just launched the preemptive strike in this war?”
As soon as Trendon had said the first word to his answer, the ship had begun to rise into the air. “Exactly! Better to know where they’re going to strike from than to have to guess, especially considering how enormous this planet is and how many crevices there are for the enemy to hide, until it’s too late for us to adequately defend.”
“I see, captain.”
“The other reason I want you with me is because I want you to see the alien planet with your own eyes. The final reason is because you are not yet equipped with your sultan’s magical battle armor, helmet and swords…there, now you are.”
“Thank you, captain…but I did not know this armor had magical powers.”
“It never has before now, my apprentice.”
By this time, they had just passed over the level of the clouds—the moon was only now just starting to pass in front of the sun.
Trendon picked up the speed of the spaceship by one notch, and the color of lights outside abruptly switched from blue-to-black.
They were now in space…instantly Baltor saw the black-and-gray planet, which was an even tinier black speck in outer-space—trillions and trillions of miles away.
As his binocular-vision focused in more than a thousand different times, he could see the chaotic storm clouds whirling all about, not to mention the fearsome lightning bolts—the largest and longest bolts he’d ever seen, including in Hell.
Trendon added, “One more thing you should know before you teleport back, which you will do when I relay the order, you will go to the top of the staircase leading down into the ruins, so that not a single one escapes. Then and there you will begin the fight of your life, as you make your way for the portal—again, ensure none escape! Never before have you faced so many powerful enemies, not even in Hell… Understand all I’ve said so far?”
“Yes, captain.”
“Finally yet most importantly regarding our first phase in battle…once you have crossed through the portal, will it shut, find the rod, take it, and then teleport into the seat you’re currently strapped in. It will be then that I will fire the blaster and destroy the invasive planet. Understand?”
“Yes, captain.”
“God’s luck—the orders are given. Execute!”



CHAPTER XVII


Baltor had just teleported to the top of the staircase that led down into the underground Mayan ruins. Just beyond the sunlight that poked down onto the first forty stairs, he noted hundreds of pairs of red-glowing eyes staring at him in utter hatred, just before they began to growl and hiss.
Baltor drew his swords out—the light reflected off the swords and penetrated into the darkness…joining the growling and hissing were the sounds of pain as the light touched their ethereal flesh! After all, every single cloud in the sky had mysteriously vanished.
“Stop!” one of the Vompareus howled out in agony, in both a man and a woman’s snaky voice. “Why do you torment us, Baltor Elysian? Join us, and we will make you second-in-command of our trillions of forces…and you will understand only pure delight, as we rule supreme in the universe with chaos as our only law! Not only will we destroy the 9 Planes of Hell and their 9 Arch-Devils, as well all dragonkind, yet we’ll destroy the 7 Planes of Heaven and their 7 Arch-Angels…and finally, the Creator God!”
Not moving his swords an inch, Baltor asked, “Why in the hell would I want to join any of you? All you seek is chaos and death…and death is all you shall get from me and my swords.”
He/she answered, “What do you think you are? You are one of us…you are a Vompareus, and so you shall always be! Oh, you do your best to deny it, but it is both still an integral part of yours and your master’s innate nature…you still are a vampire-beast-lord. Both of you have feasted on human flesh…many times!”
Baltor answered, “Not anymore. I am a Watcher.”
Thousands of hissing sounds henceforth began to erupt at that—without fear, he began to walk forward into the darkness! Already had his swords begun to swing and twirl all around his body, only moments before he was consumed by the darkness…wave after wave of twenty-foot tall vompareus-beasts came in for the attack—with fangs ready to chomp and claws ready to rip!
Fortunate for Baltor, as the staircase’s width happened to be four feet wide, no more than one vompareus could attack at a time—so it was just near the bottom of the staircase that he held his ground, slaughtering two-to-three every single second.
However, hundreds more vompareus continued entering through the portal by the minute—once most of the enemy had been cleared out in Baltor’s immediate area, a little more than an hour later, he chanted out a shield spell. However, instead of having the shield surround him, he willed it to protect and barricade the sole exit to this place.
Once the shield was in place, nearly a minute later, he again began to walk forward, casting still more spells, while holding and swinging his swords all around the whole time. Whenever he cast lightning, magic missiles, or fireballs, they blasted out of the very tips of his swords, eliminating between two-to-twelve enemies each and every time…and whenever a vompareus tried to get near the shield, he swung one or both of his swords at the beast, which actions ensured the head was completely sliced off!
After having slaughtered nearly two thousand creatures so far over the course of the next hour, and all the while utilizing every single martial-arts technique he had in his arsenal as well his equally powerful magics, he finally made it to the gazebo at the top of the pyramid. The only enemies left were those pouring out the portal’s hole!
At this point, Baltor had been killing between ninety-to-one hundred and eighty every single minute. For the first time ever, since becoming an immortal more than two centuries ago, he began to not only sweat and breath profusely, yet grow battle-weary from so much combat.
As soon as he had hardcore-battled his way into the circle-of-thrones, still with a glowing skull sitting in each throne, he jumped through the portal to “the other side”—now battling the enemies on the “alien world.”
Besides the dark and tempestuous clouds above that were continuously shooting out massive bolts of lightning, as well the ruined cities of this once-thriving land, there existed hundreds of millions of congregated vompareus-beasts, for a good thirty-mile-long stretch everywhere he looked—with hundreds of thousands more arriving at his destination every single minute.
Upon seeing the throngs and throngs of enemies fast approaching his position, he grimly realized that there would soon be billions of them here, if not trillions…and that all had but one mission: to get to that portal and travel to the other side.
What he didn’t see anywhere—even though he had been killing between one hundred and two hundred every minute now—any sign of where the Rod of Ro’shain could be located. After all, that was his “primary mission.”
Although he doubted he had the energy to cast another shield spell, he still decided to give it “a shot.” Most surprisingly to him, only ten seconds later, a shield did pop up right in front of the portal! Therefore, he focused his attention on killing the vompareus-beasts coming his way, as he fought without fear or mercy through the throngs of beasts, slicing off head after head after head after head, and/or using magic! The answer to where the rod was located would come when it was time….
Sure enough, the answer arrived—for nearly thirty minutes after having entered this new world, at the very horizon, there stood a vompareus-beast who held the very rod in his hand—obvious to Baltor, this must be a high-ranking member, as IT had a red rectangular bar with a gold star located in the middle of each shoulder.
This particular creature, however, had already begun the process of chanting some type of magic out…so without hesitation Baltor teleported right behind this vompareus, already swinging his swords in such a way as to slice its head off…but the creature had also teleported away.
No matter where he looked either, IT was nowhere to be found, although the millions and millions and millions of other creatures had already surrounded him, yet again…and even worse for Baltor, a bloody type of sweat had just begun to pour out his veins.
Obviously seeing any blood at all instantly made Baltor’s mind begin to worry—after all, not only was it a bad situation because he was slowly losing blood and energy, yet it was a far-worse situation because the vompareus-beasts were trying to lick up every drop that fell to the ground! Even worse, those lucky enough to get a drop were getting more powerful by the second…
In fact, only ten seconds after the blood had begun to pour out his skin, Baltor became slightly wounded for the very first time, thanks to a single claw attack that tore open his right facial cheek—a small stream of blood flew through the air…sucked up by still another vompareus-beast.
Baltor realized that if he stuck around here any longer, he was going to soon be “a goner”—until suddenly, “an idea” struck him: why not try to focus my mind on that one vompareus beast with the red-shoulder markings, as well the Rod of Ro’shain, and try to teleport there?
Only a split second later, this is exactly what he did…nearly forty battle-packed seconds later, a portal finally opened up near his location, and without looking, he dove straight through. Now he stood in the ruins of a burned-out castle, and he saw the vompareus with the rod (about a hundred feet away) flying for the exit!
He threw both swords simultaneously, in order to slice off the beast’s head. And only a second later, both swords did their job…IT turned into a pile of dust.
Without hesitation, Baltor ran and dove for the rod, and once in his hands, he placed it into his magic pocket, before willing his swords back into his hands and fighting off still more vompareus-beasts already coming in for the attack—at the same time, he visualized the captain’s seat in the cockpit of the spaceship!
It took nearly thirty seconds, filled with fearsome battling, before a portal opened up—without hesitation, he dove through it, just before willing it shut behind him.
He discovered that Trendon still sat in the driver’s seat, in which the ship remained parked a little over a million miles away from the alien planet. Without haste, Baltor yelled out, “Fire, captain!”
Trendon pushed the trigger button—besides the intense yellow laser light that shot out from the laser cannon located underneath the ship, there also came a sonic-boom. Unfortunately, however, the blast missed at the very last second fifteen seconds later, as the vompareus-beasts on the planet had magically diverted away the laser!
“Damn!” Trendon exclaimed. “Baltor, run back to the weapons room and reload the weapon with the last crystal—hurry!”
“I don’t know how—”
With one hand, Trendon set the joystick into the armrest, and with the other hand, he took off his helmet and set that into the armrest on the other side. While running down the hallway to the weapon’s room, he yelled, “I’ll take care of it…you—you equip the navigator’s gear, sit in the seat, and be ready to fire when I tell you!”
By this time, Baltor was sitting in the seat with the helmet on and the joystick equipped in his right hand—ten seconds later, he heard strange slurping noises behind him.
Trendon said, “Keep your sights locked only onto the very center of the target—don’t worry about the vompareus that teleport in the ship, as I’m almost done…now, fire!”
Right away, Baltor pulled the trigger—again erupted the laser-blast and the sonic boom! This time, the blast struck the alien planet directly in the middle, just before the entire planet blew up into quadrillions of subatomic particles in the very next moment!!!
As he knew that the danger was not yet over, he drew his sword with his free hand, and pivoted around on one foot—the sword sliced off the head of the only vompareus that had somehow gotten through its very own portal!
Only seconds later, Trendon had returned to the cockpit. After seeing that the planet was no longer in existence, he congratulated, “Outstanding shot, navigator.”
“Thank you, captain!”
“You’ve got the Rod?”
“Yes, captain, in my magic pocket.”
“Excellent. When I give you the command, plot the nav-computer for the Realm of Darkness, in which I have already added this location to the universal maps. After we get to the red-silhouetted door, floating in the middle of space, teleport to it and use the rod just like a key on the lock of the door—lock it.”
Trendon wasn’t done with what he had to say, as he added, “The Vompareus inside will straight away sense our presences, and our motives, so be as quick as you can…and know the longer you take, the more you will have to kill in the end…understand?”
“Yes, captain—course is already plotted.”
Trendon ordered, “Good…but now, you take the commander’s seat, and give me the navigator’s gear and seat.”
After rising to his feet and walking over, Baltor handed over the helmet.
Trendon put on the helmet, took the joystick, and then sat in the navigator’s seat.
Once both men were strapped in, Trendon asked, “Are you ready?”
“Yes, captain.”
“Here we go. Execute.”
The universe folded in on itself, and a rift opened up between the two sides—on the other side could be seen the blackness of space, other than the red-silhouette of a door with a glowing red lock on the right side in the middle.
Only a split second later, that very door slammed open—hordes of vompareus-beasts began flying out at top speed! At the same time, Baltor teleported out into space about fifty feet from the door…in his left hand he held the rod, and in the other, one of his swords.
Before that same second had passed, a space-battle began as he slowly-but-surely flew toward the door, hacking and slicing the beasts one after the other…it took nearly five minutes of mind-blowing battling before he finally arrived at the door.
Once there, he had to kill six final beasts before he could grab the door, slam it shut before the next vompareus could exit, insert the rod into the lock like a key, and twist the lock—even in space, he could hear a double-clicking sound emanate!
Now, he only had about twelve vompareus-beasts to destroy, of which creatures had actually become easy to kill…as he had killed tens of thousands already!
Only twelve seconds later, he had slain the last beast into oblivion. Therefore, he teleported back into the cockpit of the ship.
“Excellent work, Baltor, as always.”
“Thank you, captain.”
Trendon revealed, “While you were handling your last mission, I was plotting our next two courses into the nav-computer. We have two different galaxies we need to go, in order to acquire the right ammo—and then we have two more galaxies we have to visit, in order to bomb the infested planets. So, in the meantime, just relax in the captain’s chair and let me do what I need to do. Okay?”
After a nod, Baltor answered, “Okay, captain.”
Inevitably, after having traveled through two different galaxies in order to obtain both pieces of ammunition, which was how rare these size rubies were throughout the universe. Once acquired, they traveled to the two remaining planets inhabited by the vompareus-beasts, in turn, and destroyed them. Overall, it took them about an hour to do everything.
Nearly powerless now, the very few vompareus scattered throughout the universes, became hunted in turn and killed, which took about another hour…until only the leader remained. It was then that Trendon revealed this leader’s name as “Noigel” to Baltor, but of course, Noigel was hiding somewhere like a coward….
It took nearly six months to find him…hiding in an underground cave filled with large lakes of molten lava. And it took an additional six months, as Trendon and Baltor battled hardcore and nonstop against Noigel—both sides using might and magic—there are no words that can even begin to describe the ferociousness of this “final epic battle!!”
Once Noigel had been slain, the two men looked at each other and themselves…even though there were both covered in wounds of all types, and most of their battle armor destroyed, quickly those physical wounds began to disappear and their armor mended itself…until, nearly a minute later, they were totally healed without any scars.
Baltor sighed, “Wow…now that was one hell of a battle, captain! Nearly a dozen times I thought we were going to lose…but I refused to give up.”
“You did an outstanding job…now, let’s teleport back to the ship.”
“Yes, captain.”
They did.



CHAPTER XVIII


Once inside the ship, Trendon clapped his hands together, before stating with a whole lot of enthusiasm, “Well done, my apprentice! We have won the war—we are heroes for all the universes and realms…although less than .000000000001% will ever know of our heroic accomplishments. Of course, the humans on planet Earth will know without doubt it was an alien spaceship that obliterated the alien planet…only now they can begin to transcend the belief that they are the sole occupants in this universe, as well their prejudicial hatreds toward one another.”
“Whoo hoo—that’s good enough for me, captain,” Baltor laughed out in pure exultation. He was truly glad that the war of all wars was finally over.
Still smiling and looking happy, Trendon revealed, “The time has almost come for me to leave, Baltor Elysian. Therefore, you are hereby promoted to the rank of ‘Master Watcher.’ Congratulations!”
“Thank you, captain.”
“However,” Trendon added, “before I leave you in charge to watch and protect the universes until the time your apprentice becomes a master, would you like to get a tasty beverage somewhere with me and celebrate our major victory?”
“Yeah sure—but where are you going tomorrow?”
“Well, my life’s work is nearly done—tomorrow is my 10,000th birthday, whereupon I shall be departing to the Second Plane of Heaven. My oh-so-sweet love awaits me there, hopefully with one of those delicious cherry-cheesecakes she loved to make when we were together in life.”
“Who is this love you speak of?”
“She is a half-dark and a half-light elf, named I’vana,” Trendon said with a wistful sigh. “If you really want to know more about her, and about our incredible romantic adventure until her untimely demise, read a bit of our history in J. Eric Booker’s book, THE Making…”
Looking surprised, Baltor asked, “You mean, E?”
After delivering a wink with his left eye, Trendon clucked his tongue before answering, “Yes, sir…”
“Okay, I think I will read that book when I take a relaxing vacation. In the meantime, I’d love to go out and get a drink with you,” Baltor said, just before he laughed merrily. “That would be great…I would also love to know how he managed to think up your story.”
After shrugging his shoulders, Trendon answered, “In a nutshell, telepathy is a wonderful thing—is it not?”
Baltor nodded his head up and down a few times, before asking, “Where in the universes do you want to go and celebrate?”
Only a few moments later, Trendon added, “I’m thinking somewhere where they have Bolinsky ales. Know what I mean?”
Knowing exactly what Trendon meant, Baltor simply nodded his head one time.
Trendon confirmed with a smile, “Navigator, plot us a course for the Sharia…timeframe, make it fifty-years-to-the-day after the first time you left, in order to rescue me from Hell…or Guttuary the Second in the year 7,812.”
“Aye, captain,” Baltor replied, before beginning to plot the coordinates into the nav-computer.
Meanwhile, Trendon continued to say, “After I’m gone, one of your missions will be to stop that ruthless dictator before he destroys your world-republic. This man’s rank and name is Supreme-Chancellor Maul. He will be easy enough to remove from office, as he has no magical powers…you do, but even if you didn’t, you still are the greatest warrior in the universe. Also, just so you know, there may very well be more battles and wars that you will have to win on your own in ‘the future,’ as the Creator God always loves to throw in ‘shocking new variables’ into the equation…trust me on that.
“And, of course, one day in the long-distant future when ‘the divine sign’ is finally given, you will select your next apprentice—similar to the same way I selected you, where he or she must master his or her own realm first before the real training begins. It shall be your choice as to the realm for your new apprentice to master—I chose for you to remain in the world you were born in for obvious reasons.”
Again, Baltor nodded his head one time, but this time he didn’t say anything as his mind had already begun to consider the possibilities.
Trendon added, “One day, he or she will aid you—perhaps in eradicating all evil once and for all, and ultimately winning the game of good vs. evil…perhaps not. So, is your course plotted?”
“Aye, aye, captain.”
“As always, most excellent. Navigator, execute rift,” Trendon ordered.
Baltor replied as before, only a second before he pushed the correct button—within twenty seconds, the universe had already folded in on itself. On the other side of the rift existed planet Sharia with her two moons far off the in the distance…only a million miles away.
Once on the other side and flying closer to the planet at the speed of light, Trendon ordered, “As it is nearing midnight in Pavelus, park the ship inside the coliseum, yet leave the invisibility on—trust me, it’ll be safe for the few hours we’re here.”
“Aye, captain.”
Perhaps a minute later, he parked the ship inside the coliseum. Once safely on the ground, he turned off the engine, ordered the computer to leave the invisibility on, set the joystick onto the armrest, took off his helmet, stood up, and set the helmet down onto the other armrest.
Looking over, he saw that Trendon had not only magically changed his wardrobe into “stylish attire of the times”—wearing a white-furled long-sleeve shirt with a black leather vest, pants and boots—yet Trendon had also opened a magical portal that floated in the middle of the air.
Looking through the portal, Baltor discovered a fifty-foot long alleyway, which alley sat between two sandstone buildings that were both two stories tall. At the end of this alley existed a well-lit cobblestone street that was actually “pretty busy “for this time of night—the steady traffic consisted of folks driving horse-drawn carriages or steering horses or camels, including guards or soldiers. Most of the pedestrians, though not all, strolled down the concrete-paved sidewalks.
With Trendon in the lead, the two men passed through the portal, which closed right behind them—not even ten seconds later, they had already rounded the corner onto the street, making a sharp left.
Above the door in the building on their left hung a sign that showed the picture of a skewered pig, and below the picture, the words, “The Roasted Pig.”
Inside this bar that had no windows, they could hear a large group of men singing a merry song in perfect harmony—although this happened to be a bar that Baltor had never before visited, he had passed by it many times.
The two men, once inside the entrance, strolled their way for the two one-man couches sitting near the fireplace, which couches even had a wood table sitting between them. All the while, they continued to listen to the song that the group of twenty men harmoniously sang in the far-right corner of the bar:

Victory’s been achieved, best you believe,
We’re now men, free of slavery!
Through this song, revealing our deeds,
We’ve now achieved, immortality!
Let’s not forget those heroes slain,
Their memories pave the way,
Time for another day,
I know you feeling what I say—hey!

The best is yet to come,
As we have a little fun!
The best is yet to be,
We’re not done with this story!

Listen up my friend, this ain’t the end,
This just the beginning and now we all winning!
Keep on grinning and keep on shining,
Yet always be a minding!
Of them things that we do and all them things we say,
Maybe we even pray so we can learn them plays!
To winning this here game, touch down all the way,
So don’t let that hate be consuming up your day!

The best is yet to come,
As we have a little fun!
The best is yet to be,
We’re now done with this story!

As soon as the very last word of the “quite moving song” had been sung, every man in the group had purposefully stretched it out for an extra fifteen seconds, before the song was once-and-for-all over.
Immensely proud of their combined-singing abilities, they began to heartily clap their hands together, or if holding a mug filled with a beverage, click their mugs together in toast…all cheered and whooped out!
Already having taken a seat near the fireplace, Trendon and Baltor even lightly clapped—these singers indeed had “talent.”
Only seconds after the song had concluded, a young woman—who had jet-black hair tied up in a ponytail, radiant-blue eyes, a gorgeous face, and wore a black-waist-apron wrapped around her yellow sundress—approached Trendon and Baltor. With a smile, she greeted in Pavelian, “Top of the evening to you, gentlemen…what can I get you?”
Trendon was the first to glance over and answer, “Two Bolinsky ales, please.”
“Coming right up, cuties,” she said before leaving to get their order.
It was then that the group of men had stopped clapping and cheering, although they continued to laugh, chat, and drink with one other.
Trendon threw his gaze over Baltor, observing that his apprentice was staring deeply into the fire. A few seconds later, he said in Russian, “No one around here will understand this language, which is the language we will both use for my final briefing, of which I am now about to deliver after our waitress leaves with our drinks…okay?”
“Okay.”
Only moments later, the waitress had returned with their drinks, setting a topped-off mug next to each of her guests. While looking back and forth at each of her two guests in turn, she asked, “Will there be anything else you guys need now?”
Baltor looked over, before answering, “No, thanks, but keep the ales coming our way, please. Okay?”
“You got it,” she said before turning to head over to the group of singers. After all, quite a few of them were now politely waving their empty mugs around at her.
Trendon briefed in Russian, “By your 10,000th birthday, you must already have found your apprentice, who is ready to become the master…so that you can retire when your time is over. That is, of course, unless you and your apprentice somehow manage to win the war between good and evil once and for all, which is the one and only thing you and I didn’t have the time to accomplish. However, even if you don’t finish the game, which is perfectly okay—until the day your apprentice becomes the master, you are now the one and only ‘Master Watcher and Protector of the Universal Realms.’ Understand?”
Baltor nodded his with complete understanding head one time, before he took a nice drink of his beverage—it was, as always, delicious!
Trendon did not drink, yet continued with his briefing, “Only when ‘The Divine Sign’ is given, which probably won’t happen for at least 5,000 years of so, you are to choose your next apprentice. Give him or her ample time to master his or her realm first, before showing him or her any of the other worlds or realms…that is, if he or she should succeed.”
After picking up his own mug and taking a nice-sized drink, he added, “And finally, choose wisely this apprentice…hoping but not forcing him or her to do good, even though the path of evil exists before him or her. Like I was ready to do with you…”
Following this, Trendon took another nice-sized drink—at the same time, Baltor looked deep into the fire and asked, “And what if my apprentice chooses the wrong way? Chooses the side of evil?”
“Then you will need to do what I was willing to do,” Trendon replied. “And that is to destroy your apprentice into oblivion, and find a new replacement…”
With quite a bit of shock, Baltor looked back over and said, “Wow… So had I made the wrong choice, you really would have destroyed me?”
“Yes…I need my apprentice, my ally, and of course, my leader—someone who I can totally depend on to continue what I began…one day shy of 10,000 years ago.”
Baltor asked, “Why not you and I finish what we started right here and now, Trendon? Win the war versus good and evil?”
“Because tomorrow is my birthday, know that I have run out of time…furthermore, I am weary of all this war, especially having been imprisoned and tortured in the Ninth Plane of Hell for thirty long and hellacious years…felt like a million eternities times a million eternities!”
“I totally understand,” Baltor said, just having finished off his drink and setting the mug onto the table.
Only seconds later, the waitress had returned with another full mug of ale for Baltor. After setting the full down and picking up the empty, she asked, “What language are you guys speaking? I’ve never heard it before.”
Trendon smiled, “It’s a language called Russian from a land called Russia.”
“I’ve never heard of that language or that land before. Where is this Russia?”
“Far, far, far away,” Trendon answered as cryptically as he nearly always did.
“Oh,” she replied with a whole lot of wonder.
A few moments later, she asked, “Well, do you guys want anything to eat? The kitchen will only be open for another fifteen minutes. I can get you guys some menus if you’re interested.”
“Yeah,” Trendon said with quite a bit of enthusiasm. “Sounds perfect!”
“All right, I’ll be back momentarily,” she said, just before she turned to leave.
Out of the corner of Baltor’s left peripherals, he had seen her eyes glow like a prismatic diamond, though it had only been for a split second, as she was now facing and walking the other way!
Looking over at Trendon with bewilderment on his face, Baltor whispered aloud in Russian, “Did you see that?”
Trendon’s look instantly changed to confusion, just before he took a quick drink. After swallowing, he asked, “See what?”
“Her eyes…they glowed like I’ve seen your eyes glow many-a-times…like prismatic diamonds!”
Trendon’s look changed to even more confusion. Nearly ten seconds later, he asked, “Are you serious—already? Wow!”
Suddenly, Baltor felt chills running up-and-down his back…he could answer with a question, “Already? Already what?”
Trendon’s head began to nod up and down, just before he said, “I only now sense a lot of potential, intelligence and power in our waitress. Her name is Marina…a diamond in the rough she is. No doubt she has the potential to be ‘your apprentice…’”
“How do you know? Did your read her future?”
“No, Baltor…I didn’t have to. When I first met you face-to-face, your eyes glowed like prismatic diamonds to me!”
“Wow…well that’s exactly what I saw in her eyes. By the way, when did you first meet me face-to-face? In the tower when you made me an immortal?”
“No,” Trendon replied, before he began to chuckle. A few moments later, he explained, “Actually, my first encounter with you happened when you were a young boy…but I was in disguise. For many-a-years I had role-played the drill instructor of your drill instructor and taught him all the martial arts moves he knew…”
“You mean you were Master Lupan?”
“Yes….”
“Whoa,” Baltor said right before feeling shivers run up and down his spine…yet again!
Not even two seconds later, Marina had returned, handing a menu to each of the guys in turn—Baltor noted that her eyes were normal this time as she said, “I’ll be back in a few minutes to get your order…take your time.”
“Thank you,” both men said in Pavelian.
Right away, she pivoted around on her toes, before walking over to take the order of two new elderly-patrons who had just entered into the bar, and then go back and take care of the group of men, whose numbers had diminished by half…although the remaining men were still conversing loud and drunkenly and wanting even more ale…
“You’re right then,” Baltor said in Russian. “Therefore, I will offer her the choice to become ‘an immortal’ sometime tonight if-and-when when I feel the time is right. If she agrees, I want to put her on a brand-new planet I don’t even know about—but where? Also, I must be honest when I don’t think she will want to become one of us.’”
“Don’t be so sure of that—give it a shot and see where it goes,” Trendon replied. He next looked down at his menu. Baltor followed suit a few seconds later.
When she came back, only a minute later, Trendon said, “I’ll have the filet mignon and spicy potato wedges, please.”
“And I’ll have the barbecued ribs and spicy mashed potatoes, please and thank you,” Baltor ordered.
“You got it,” she said with her right thumb up.
She was just about to leave, but Baltor asked, “Excuse me, miss? I’ve got a quick question for you.”
Turning around with a smile on her face, she asked, “Yes?”
“How do you like your life?”
Looking a little confused, she answered with a question, “What kind of a question is that?”
Speaking at a volume so only she and Trendon could hear what he had to say, Baltor answered, “We’re about to offer you the opportunity of a lifetime…an opportunity few of us in this universe are ever granted!”
“What opportunity’s that?” she asked.
“Do you want to one day become united with the Truth that exists within this universe, no matter the cost, of which there will be a definite cost for anything so valuable?”
Though Trendon looked surprised to hear Baltor bluntly ask these questions, he remained silent.
“I guess I’ve always wanted to know that Truth, yeah…my name is Marina, by the way. What are your names?”
“I’m Baltor, and this is my friend, Trendon.”
Having remembered hearing the first name in history class, nearly five years earlier, Marina’s eyes scrunched in recollection, before she said, “You bear the same first name as the last ruling sultan—and come to think of it, you look just like him too. Wow—even your armor and sword handles I see look exactly the same, now that I’m taking a closer look. Are you the immortal Sultan Baltor Elysian the XVth who left for Hell fifty years ago, and said he would one day return if this world screwed up?”
“Yes, the very same, but don’t bow as I don’t need that type of attention,” Baltor instructed. “Now, will you please answer my last question?”
She asked, “Which last question?”
“Do you want to be united with the Truth,” Baltor asked.
Without hesitation, she answered back, “Yes is the answer…”
“Good. When is your shift over?”
“At one in the morning.”
“Perfect,” Baltor replied. “There will be a black warhorse parked outside in front of the bar after you get off your shift…ride her outside the northern exit of Pavelus; and once outside the city walls, keep riding north up the coastline at top speed. Your answer will inevitably arrive…”
Now she looked not only uncertain, yet suspicious—until, that is, when she heard Baltor’s voice begin to say inside her mind, I speak only Truth. If Truth is what you seek, then you must place into me your Trust. At the same time, my Trust in you must be earned—and to earn it, you must master the new world you are to face all on your own—I will help you only one time, so think wisely before you call out for my help. Once you have finally mastered this world, I will then come and apprentice you in the countless other worlds and realms that simultaneously exist…
She thought back, “What do you mean by master?”
Baltor answered aloud, “Even that answer you must figure out on your own, Marina.”
Still thinking, she asked in her mind, How do I know that this is not a trap, or that I haven’t been drugged, or that I’m not just simply going crazy?
Having had read all her thoughts, he again answered aloud, “The horse you will get is the grandson of a powerful stallion, named ‘Grasha.’ If you really know your world-history as you say, you know exactly whom this horse’s lineage comes from. Trust me that this is neither trick nor trap, nor are you on any drugs, nor are you crazy, in order to answer most of your unvoiced questions.”
“Okay…” she said with a bit of reluctance. “If this horse doesn’t look like he can outrun any and every other horse in this world, I can already promise you I’m not going. I will go straight home and have the bouncer escort me all the way until I’m safe inside.”
Nodding his head, Baltor said, “Understood.”
“All right, let me go put your food orders in,” she said.
After she had left, Trendon took a nice-sized drink of his beverage. He said in Russian, “Well done.”
Baltor responded, “Thank you.”
Trendon took another nice-sized drink, before suggesting, “I’ve got a few good ideas for you to consider…if you want to hear them?”
“Absolutely.”
Trendon suggested, “After you conduct your briefing later tonight, as well her transformation should she still willfully agree in the end, what do you think about the possibility of planting the seeds of cah-su-cahn berry bushes in the middle of a vast jungle on a different planet, and then simply burying her corpse in the middle of it all? After all, she’ll have the answer to her vampirism right in front of her face, although it’ll be best for her to figure out the solution to her problem on her own, as she develops herself in this new world.”
Without waiting for an answer, he continued, “Of course, if you don’t like my suggestions or ideas…you can come up with your own.”
Baltor replied right away, “Actually, I really do like the sound of your suggestions. I like them a lot—but where? This planet? Earth? Aquantis?”
“Actually,” Trendon answered, “how about the world I was born on? Called Thorenza. It’s a world filled with magic and creatures of all types and alignments—creatures like fairies, dwarves, goblins, light and dark elves, wizards-or-warriors, heroes and villains, and even dragons of all alignments…the current era of this world nowadays is the equivalent to Earth’s 22nd Century.”
At this point, Baltor began nodding his head affirmatively, as he was beginning to really like Trendon’s ideas.
Meanwhile, he continued relaying his ideas, “Specifically, I would suggest putting her in the very middle of the continent. Near the southeastern borders is a coliseum that is twice the size of the one here in Pavelus. This coliseum is used by enslaved gladiators of many humanoid races—all trying to win their freedom through deadly sporting events.
“Tens of thousands of spectators come to watch the games, held once a week…oh, and on the northwestern side of the same continent is a Magic Conclave where I once belonged and even ruled for a century…
“To tell you about all the other ‘wonders and horrors’ Thorenza holds is like trying to say all the wonders and horrors about Sharia, Earth, Aquantis, or any other civilized planet out there…in other words, there is a ton of variables out there for her to choose from. Yet, in the end, she will have but two choices—good or evil.”
Baltor nodded his head, and said, “I appreciate your assistance.”
“As always, I only reveal the possibilities—still, it is up to you to make that final decision, Master Watcher.”
“True.”
“Finally, just so you know, after we are done with setting her up on her new world, you and I must say our final goodbyes…oh, and the ship is yours to keep…and one final thing, don’t forget to get your books from the address in Mississippi. Okay?”
“Sounds great,” Baltor said with a smile.
Only moments later, Marina arrived holding a tray—on the tray were two plates stuffed with steaming food, as well two more filled mugs of ale.
Before setting everything out on the table, she suggested, “I hope I don’t sound rude and all, but where you gentlemen are sitting is not a good spot to eat. Might I suggest a booth until you’re done eating?”
Both men nodded their heads affirmatively, before rising up out of their seat. They followed her to a nearby booth.
Once she had set everything onto the table, including two cloth napkins and the silverware, she asked, “Holler over if you need anything else. Okay?”
“Thanks,” both men said, just before they began to eat their extraordinarily delicious meal, occasionally washing down the food with a drink of their ale.
Following dinner, Baltor observed that the couches were still unoccupied. He asked in Russian, “Want to go back to the couches?”
Trendon nonchalantly shrugged just his left shoulder, before answered, “Nah…I’m fine here. How about you?”
“I’m good…actually I’m stuffed!”
“Good to know,” Trendon said with a smile.
“Well, you ready to pay our tab and get to the ship? We’ve got some preparing to do.”
Trendon answered, “Yeah.”
Coincidentally, Marina arrived yet again—looking at Trendon alone, she asked, “Do you guys want another round?”
Trendon answered, “No thanks. Can I just pay the bill now, please?”
“Sure,” she chirped, while holding out the bill in her left hand, so only Trendon could see it. “Everything, including dinner, runs to twenty-five parsecs.”
“Here’s a thousand parsec piece,” Trendon said. “Keep the change.”
“Wow! Thank you soo much! I’ve never been tipped that much before…not even close.”
“No problem,” Trendon said with an appreciative smile. “You are an extraordinary waitress.”
All the while, Baltor remained silent, observing and noting that she had not looked his way one single time since returning.
Still, he chose this time to telepathically say in her mind, Don’t forget—the black stallion will be waiting outside for you, after your shift is over. Ride north along the coastline at top speed…and I feel very confident that you will one day soon unite with the Truth of Truths, otherwise known as “Gnosis…”
As soon as she had begun to hear the psychic-message, she cast her eyes over at Baltor and listened—and when he had completed, she immediately thought back, This better not be a trick or a trap…that’s all I can say!
Having heard it, he answered, It’s not, Marina…I promise.
After clearing her throat, she said aloud, “Well, gentlemen, have a great night! Again, thank you so much for the great tip.”
“No problem,” Trendon said with a smile. “Good night.”
She left to tend to the bill with the group of three men still in the bar…at the same time, Baltor and Trendon stood out of the booth, exited the bar, walked down the street to the right, entered the alleyway, and entered the portal that led them back to their spaceship.
Once inside the cockpit, Trendon said, “I’ll get the horse for you, tether him in front of the bar, and be back. Take the captain’s seat, as I’ll be your navigator.”
Baltor replied, “Okay, Trendon.”
Only five minutes later, he returned…Baltor had been sitting patiently in the commander’s seat with the seatbelts buckled.
After Trendon had donned the helmet, as well the joystick, he launched the ship up two thousand feet up into the air—once at that height, he guided the ship until it hovered outside the northern entrance to the city. Of course, the ship remained invisible and silent.
At two in the morning, both men observed a woman wearing a black cloak, riding the stallion, and exiting the north part of the city—without delay, she veered her horse northwest, and launched him into a full gallop…meanwhile, Baltor and Trendon followed nearby in the spaceship at a height of two thousand feet.
Nearly an hour later, thanks to Trendon’s willful thought, Baltor now donned the gray robes of ‘A Master Watcher.”
Taking that as his cue, he began to open a portal nearly a hundred feet in front of Marina’s position. A tiny prismatic diamond appeared in the middle of the air.
The horse—having become extremely nervous at being fifty feet away from the portal that was getting bigger and bigger and brighter and brighter—immediately reared back onto his hind legs—Marina flew off the horse and crashed hard into the sand…the horse continued to run the opposite direction.
By the time he had stepped through the portal, ten seconds later, she was only now starting to regain her wits—this time Baltor’s eyes glowed like prismatic diamonds!
The portal instantly shut. Enshrouding the beach into its natural state of darkness, except for the fact that both moons in the sky were in a full eclipse—one right over the other. Oh, and of course, Baltor’s prismatic pupils.
“Greetings, Marina…I am about to give you a choice that I have never given anyone else, since I first became an immortal more than 2 centuries ago…”
Though she kept her hands in front of her eyes, despite the fact that no other lights were visible except from the two full moons above, she asked with great fear, “What—what choice is that?”
Baltor answered, “Should you agree, I will make you my apprentice—but first you must master your reality on your own before I show you the countless amount of other worlds and realms that exist out there. Understand this also…there will be an initial cost for the type of immortality I offer.”
She asked, “And what cost is that?”
“You must first master the world that I’m about to send to you, as ‘a vampire,’ in your superstitious understanding of the word.”
“But, I don’t want to be sucking peoples’ blood at night, and sleeping in cobwebby coffins—that’s gross!”
Baltor answered right away, “Your first solution will be right in front of your face when you first return back to the world of the living, even though I had to figure out that problem entirely on my own…
“As for the second solution, that is something that you will have to figure out, as you master your new realm and in your own way. When this is finally so, I will come and find you, and ultimately apprentice you to become a master of the entire universe like I am. ”
Marina asked, “How do you mean “master…?’ Like how you did it—controlling an entire planet?”
“I’m not going to answer that question, nor any other technical questions, as it is up to you to figure out the answers for yourself…so, as my Time is short yet incredibly busy, do you agree to my terms or not?”
“Umm, can I think about it?”
Pointing his right index finger straight up into the air, Baltor said, “Absolutely! You have precisely one hour to make up your mind—should you not agree, then I will let you go back to ‘your old life.’
“However, no matter which choice you make, you must always keep our encounter a secret. If you agree to everything I’ve said, I will take you to your brand-new life…never previously fathomed.”
“Okay, I’ll think about it right now,” she replied with hesitation—with a snap of his finger, Baltor disappeared into the ship.
For the next hour, Marina sat not only on the beach, yet on the “crossroads of life and death.” After all, she had always wondered about “the mysteries of the universe,” and pondered that perhaps the one-and-only Sultan of this entire planet—who left this planet thirty years before her birth—was right! After all, not a single person had a shred of a doubt that Sultan Baltor Elysian the XVth was “a powerful immortal” when he had been around…but none knew, except for she, that he was “an actual vampire!”
At the very end of that hour, she thought to herself, So, that was the way he conquered the world, by becoming a vampire first…
Not even one second later, Baltor reappeared right in front of her. He said, “Well, Marina…have you made a decision?”
“Umm, I…I agree.”
Baltor stated telepathically, Before we commence, I have two rules for you. One, never reveal on what you’re about to become to anyone. Two…never create another vampire without my expressed consent, even if you learn how—break these rules, even once, and I will destroy you and your creation back into oblivion in the very next moment! Do you understand and agree to my two rules?
With ever-growing fear, Marina nodded a few times, but not so much because of the verbal threat.
It was because, as soon as she had finished asking her question, Baltor’s figure had quickly begun to transform from a human and into something else—at first, it was the fingernails, which transformed into foot-and-a-half long claws, and then it was the hands, which tripled in size, and turned to onyx. The human face had already nearly completed transforming into the face of an onyx-black gargoyle beast—along with a set of vampire fangs pointing down from its mouth, a set of curvy horns protruding up and outward from its forehead, and of course, the glowing red eyes!
Abruptly, Baltor's gray robes disappeared, revealing a crystalline/muscle-packed chest, arms and torso that had already been growing quite rapidly, along with everything else. Erupting from behind the abominable beast that now stood at twenty feet tall—two very large sets of clawed wings spreading themselves out into the heavens!
As the creature drew closer, only a few seconds after the transformation was complete, Marina managed to stammer out, “Why me?”
IT answered in a hollow whisper, “Because you have been found worthy….”



THE END



ABOUT THE AUTHOR


When the veteran/author, J. Eric Booker, is not creating his literary or musical masterpieces upon “cloud 9,” which is seldom, he and his business partner run their own mobile recording studio, called BluColla Inc. Despite the fact that J. Eric Booker hasn’t attended a single day of college, it is in his belief that though an education is important, it is not the crux to writing or music—it is the imagination and the determination.

To learn more about the author, please check out his websites:

www.soundcloud.com/e-main-1

www.facebook.com/j.eric.booker

www.amazon.com/author/j.eric.booker

www.goodreads.com/jericbooker



ACKNOWLEDGMENTS


First, I’d like to thank my wonderful family! I’d also like to thank.

Brenton Wilson
Brian Kuhn
Chris Burke
Dave Barr
Dave Jones
Dr. Joel Bolton
Dr. Masaaki Hatsumi (Soke)
Dr. T
Em Petrova – Copyeditor of this book & Spicy Romance Author
Eric Ondoy
Eric Smolich
General (retired) Patrick E. Rea
George Craig
Glen Woodsides
Griffin Kisner
Henry Miller
James Clausen
Jamie Caldwell
Janice Korzik
Jason Williams
Joliet James
JT, Geo and Jeanty Etienne
Margaret Weis (NYT Best Selling Author)
Marlene Hamilton
Marshane, Mandy, "Monkey" and Malachi Kitt
Mason, Liz, Alyssa, Connor and Trinity Meyer
Matt Jones
Mike, Deanna and Larry Behning
M n T Glenn
Mike Janzcak
Philip Leibelt
Randy Roberts
R.A. Salvatore (NYT Best Selling Author)
Raul Cuevas
Ray, Tracy, Hailey, Joey, Jaden and Rusty Fjeldheim
Raymayne Gray
Ryan and Kacey Stevenson
Tracy and Laura Hickman (NYT Best Selling Authors)
Vuk Kostic



LITERARY WORKS
WRITTEN BY J. ERIC BOOKER


THE Making © 2004—MYSTERY

“The Elysian Dynasty Trilogy” © 2008—FANTASY
BOOK I: THE SWORDS OF THE SULTAN
BOOK II: THE REIGN OF THE SULTAN
BOOK III: THE WAR OF ALL WARS
