BORROWING OF DARKNESS

By M. J. Marques

Copyright 2012 M.J. Marques

Smashwords edition




Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com. Thank you for your support.




CHAPTER 1
I DON’T EVEN LIKE COFFEE

 Ian Marcellus grabbed his jacket and headed down the stairs of the old house in Bromsgrove, Maryland, where he lived with his older brother Marcus. Ian had arrived home a few hours previous to freshen up and was heading for the door when he saw Marcus glaring at him from the kitchen.
The two brothers looked very similar with a few prominent differences. Marcus was a few years older and had emerald green eyes and light brown hair, where as Ian was slightly taller with jet-black hair and piercing ice-blue eyes. Ian was much less responsible than Marcus and as the older brother; Marcus felt that it was his responsibility to look out for Ian and keep him in check; a fact that greatly annoyed Ian. Marcus of course just wanted the best for his brother, he wanted him to settle down and be happy but Ian fought him every step of the way.
 “Are you going out again? You just came in,” said Marcus.
 “I have a date,” Ian said, scowling at his brother. He was growing weary of Marcus’s constant big brother lectures.
 “You’re going to destroy yourself if you keep this up,” Marcus said as he leaned on the kitchen counter. “I know you don’t like to hear it Ian, but I’m only telling you because I care about you. I can’t remember the last time I saw you smile. You’re never home and you drink entirely too much. You really should slow down a bit.”
 “Look Marcus, I know you worry about me, but don’t,” Ian said opening the front door, “I’m perfectly happy with my life. Enjoy your day with Isabella, tell her I said hi.” He forced a smile and walked out the door into the frosty morning air, leaving Marcus staring after him shaking his head.
No matter what Ian said, Marcus knew he really wasn’t happy, he was obviously miserable. Everyone could tell, all you had to do was spend five minutes in a room with Ian and you could feel the bitter misery oozing from his pores. Marcus was at his wits end as how to help Ian but he just couldn’t get through to him no matter how hard he tried.
Marcus shrugged and picked up his own jacket. He was going to spend the day with Isabella Alba, his girlfriend of three years. Isabella had light brown hair that fell to her shoulders and her eyes were the color of caramel. Isabella disliked Ian, she didn’t actually hate him, but she was certainly not fond of him. She tolerated him because she knew that Marcus loved his brother and Ian was the only family that Marcus had left.
Ian rolled over and looked at the blonde lying beside him, “What am I doing?” He asked himself.
Dana Whitmore was a good-looking woman but certainly not the smartest he had ever met. It was the same old story with Ian; he would find an attractive woman, sleep with her and then make any excuse he could to get away from her as quickly as possible.
As Ian got up and pulled on his pants he got the strangest feeling. He suddenly got a very strong urge to go to the coffee shop on the west side of town. This was strange to Ian because he did not drink coffee; he always preferred his drinks alcoholic.
“Where are you going? Can’t you stay a little longer?” Dana pleaded with him, kneeling on the bed. “Dean won’t be back until tomorrow afternoon. There’s no hurry for you to leave,” her green eyes almost begging and her curly, long blonde hair a tangled mess.
“I’m going to get some coffee,” Ian said pulling his shirt over his head.
“I thought you didn’t drink coffee,” Dana scowled.
Ian gritted his teeth, “I don’t.”
“Well then why are you going?”
“That’s a good question,” Ian retorted.
“Aren’t you going to kiss me goodbye?” Dana asked, as she got out of bed and stood in front of him pouting, blocking his exit.
Ian gave her a quick peck on the cheek. He could tell she was disappointed and thought that he would have given her a more meaningful kiss after their hours of frolicking under the sheets. He lifted her chin with his fingers and looked very deeply into her eyes.
 “Forget that I was ever here,” he said.
 “OK,” said Dana, her eyes unfocused and trance like. She got back into bed and rolled over pulling the blankets up over her head.
Ian headed down the stairs, pulling on his jacket. He didn’t understand why he felt like going to the coffee shop. He just felt a very strong pull and knew that he had to go there right now. It was a strange feeling that he could not ignore and seeing as Ian did what he wanted, whenever he wanted, he set his pace and headed for ‘A CUP A DAY’ coffee shop.
Jo Montgomery was a beautiful thirty-eight year old woman. She was a separated mother of one, who had suffered her share of grief in life. She was just sixteen when she married Dean Montgomery and she spent the next twenty years wondering why she ever did. Dean was a well-built man; he was medium height and had strong facial features. His hair was the color of sand and his eyes were dark chocolate brown. Apart from his rugged good looks, Dean was a rough mannered man. He always had an air of self-importance and spoke to people as if he were superior to them, but this was most apparent when he spoke to Jo.
Jo and Dean had trouble conceiving a child and Dean, of course, blamed Jo. Then finally one day when she was twenty-three she gave birth to a beautiful daughter whom Jo wanted to name Fallon but Dean insisted they name her after his grandmother Clair, so Fallon became Clair’s middle name. Dean was happy to have a child but would have preferred a son, and of course, this was all Jo’s fault. Jo, having no desire to have any more children with Dean, did everything she could to make sure that she did not conceive again.
Jo loved her daughter Clair more than anything in the world; they were very close and told each other everything. Dean was jealous of their relationship and became increasingly rude and bitter. Then two years ago Jo found him in bed with Dana Whitmore, one of the waitresses that worked for them at the café. They then separated. Jo told Dean that he could keep Dana but she was keeping Clair and the café. Dean, not having really cared much for the shop in the first place, and knowing how close Jo and Clair were, agreed, and he and Dana moved in together.
Jo had also lost both of her parents. Her father died of brain cancer when Clair was just a few weeks old and her mother had passed away from a heart attack the year before her separation. She had an older sister Marie whom she loved but who lived two hours from her.
Marie was married to Jasper Scott and they had two children, Jenna who was sixteen and Joshua who was fourteen. Marie and Jo were a lot alike in demeanor but very different in looks. Marie was more like their mother, her face was round, and she was shorter, lighter skinned, with brown hair and dark eyes. Jo was taller like their father, her hair was dark brown, almost black and her eyes had started off brown when she was young, but gradually changed as she got older and were now an interesting mix of green and brown. If you looked closely at Jo’s eyes it was almost as if you were looking into a kaleidoscope.
Jo put on her coat and left her lawyer’s office. She felt different suddenly, as if signing the papers had freed her. She felt very odd indeed and had a sudden urge to get to her shop as soon as possible. It was a cool, crisp morning in early winter; she pulled her coat around her as she got into her car. She felt as if she couldn’t get to the cafe fast enough. What was going on? She had driven to the cafe every day for the past ten years, and though she had certainly enjoyed working there, she never felt such desperation to get to work.
Jo decided that she must be anxious because she was late. She had told Anna that she had an appointment that morning and to take care of things until she arrived.
Anna was one of the young girls that worked for Jo, she was a slender eighteen-year old with wavy auburn hair that fell just beyond her shoulders and green eyes. Although Anna was young, she was responsible and had opened the shop for Jo before.
As she stepped through the front door Jo felt so relieved to be there. She thanked Anna for coming in early and told her that she would be in the back office if she needed her.
Jo entered her office and hung up her coat. She looked at herself in the full-length mirror on the back of the door. She looked pretty, her long tousled hair fell down her back and her emerald green wrap-around dress was very flattering. Jo never really felt very pretty, she always felt tired and worn. If she had ever taken the time to look at the men around her, she would have noticed that although she never felt attractive, they certainly thought that she was. Even if she had noticed, it wouldn’t have made a difference; after being married to Dean for twenty years Jo was enjoying her freedom. She enjoyed her time with Clair but even when her daughter wasn’t around she relished her time alone.
For years she catered to Dean and took extraordinarily good care of Clair. Now that Clair was fifteen and pretty much looked after herself, Jo had the time to do the things she loved. She could spend hours reading in the sun or making scrap books of the times she spent with her daughter, there were times she would spend an entire day just baking. Why, she often thought, would she ever want to attach herself to another man?
As she took a deep breath and smoothed the front of her dress, she suddenly felt like she had been magnetized; something was pulling her out into the café. The urge was so strong she did not even realize that she was already heading to the door. When she stepped out into the café her eyes automatically went to the front door and her heart stopped. Ian Marcellus had just walked in, shaking flakes of snow from his hair. She knew who he was but had never actually spoken to him. He always seemed to have some young girl with him, and from what she had heard, he drank entirely too much. She knew his brother Marcus as he had frequently come into the shop with his girlfriend Isabella, but Ian had never stepped foot inside the café.
As Jo stood gazing in his direction, Ian looked up and their eyes met. She felt a sudden jolt inside of herself and Ian returned her stare with a startled expression. Their eyes did not leave each other as he walked to a table and sat down. Jo stepped in front of Anna, who was clearly thrilled that she would be serving Ian.
Anna scowled. She had always admired Ian Marcellus and would have welcomed the chance to serve him. She was clearly bitter at Jo for stealing the opportunity from her and complained to Stephanie, the other waitress.
Stephanie was also eighteen; she had straight blonde chin-length hair and light brown eyes. Although Jo took a liking to both girls, she had always found that Stephanie had a much softer personality than Anna.
 “What is she doing?” Anna scoffed. “She can’t possibly think he’d be interested in her! She’s too old for him and she knows I’ve had my eye on him for months now.” Anna said crossing her arms.
Jo did not know herself what she was doing, it was as if an invisible force was pulling her towards Ian. She felt like a foolish little girl but she could not seem to turn away from those piercing eyes.
“What can I get you?” Jo managed to say through the lump in her throat, as she approached his table.
“Why don’t you surprise me,” said Ian. It didn’t matter what she brought him he did not intend to drink anything from a coffee shop. They stared at each other for a moment, and reluctantly Jo turned to go get him a coffee.
Anna took the opportunity to approach Ian. “Hi, my name is Anna. Can I get you anything?” She asked emphasizing the “I” and propping one hand on her hip.
Ian looked at her and smirked; he had overheard what she had said to Stephanie and he knew that she was taking advantage of Jo’s brief absence to flirt with him.
“Hi Anna,” Ian said leaning back in his chair and folding his hands on the table, “under normal circumstances I’d welcome your boldness, but you know full well that Jo has already taken my order, as it stands I really wish you would go away.”
 Anna’s face reddened in a mixture of shame and embarrassment as she walked sulkily back to the front counter. Jo made her way back to the table with Ian’s coffee and glared at Anna as she placed the cup in front of him. Ian just stared at her; he looked as if he were at a loss for words.
“Can you join me for a minute?” He managed to say.
“I guess I could spare a minute,” Jo said and she sat across from him. She found it strange enough that Ian had come into the café, but him asking her to sit with him was utterly bizarre. She looked at him questioningly. She couldn’t help but notice how incredibly beautiful he was. His lips were perfect, his cheekbones so precisely sculpted, and those eyes; they were absolutely intoxicating. Jo felt herself drifting into a daydream then saw Ian shift in his seat and she snapped back to reality.
“It’s Jo right?” Ian asked studying her face.
“Yes,” Jo answered.
“Is that short for something?”
“No, its just Jo.”
“This is a nice place?” Ian said looking around the café.
 Jo gave him a searching look and leaned in closer to him, “I never really pegged you for the kind of guy who makes small talk. Why are you here? It’s obviously not for coffee, you haven’t touched yours,” she said, indicating the full cup in front of him.
“I don’t drink coffee,” he laughed.
 “And yet here you are.”
 “Yet here I am,” he repeated, still staring at her. They couldn’t seem to stop looking at each other. Ian gave his head a shake, “Actually I don’t know what I’m doing here. I should go.”
“You just got here,” Jo said.
“I know but I need to get going,” he said getting to his feet.
He didn’t like the feeling of having such a strong pull to anyone; he was the guy that didn’t get emotionally involved. Is that why he felt such and urgency to come here? Was it to see her? The feeling had certainly subsided the minute he had laid eyes on her, but it didn’t make sense. He had seen Jo before and he had barely noticed her, she was just the lady that owned the local café, whose husband had had an affair with one of their waitresses. Why now was there such an attraction? He certainly did not want her to know that he was having such a hard time turning away from her.
“Oh, okay…” Jo’s voice faltered. She didn’t understand. She didn’t want him to leave, but why? This was the guy that mother’s warned their daughters about and she had never given him a second thought before, so why was it all of a sudden so hard for her to watch him leave? She felt like a silly teenager, waiting for the captain of the football team to ask her out, but she just stood and watched him walk away.
 Ian paused with his hand on the door and turned to look at her one last time and then he left just as quickly as he had come in.
“Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! What the hell is wrong with me? Jo Montgomery? Why?” Ian muttered to himself as he rushed down the street. He wanted to stay at the café and talk to her, stare at her, touch her, but what would he of said? How would he explain this sudden attraction? He had seen her before so why was it only now that her noticed her? Why had he never realized just how beautiful she was? Her dark hair complimented her olive skin perfectly, and her eyes; she had the most beautiful eyes. Ian could have sat and just stared into them all day. He shook his head trying to rid himself of all thoughts of Jo Montgomery.
Ian walked in the front door to find Marcus and Isabella cuddled on the couch watching a movie.
 “Hey Ian, where’ve you been?” Marcus asked looking up.
 “At the café,” Ian mumbled as he tossed his coat on a chair and headed toward the stairs.
Isabella looked up, “Since when do you drink coffee?”
“I don’t,” he yelled back as he began walking up the stairs.
“What’s gotten into him?” Marcus asked as Isabella snuggled back into his arms.
“Just Ian being Ian I guess.”
“Yeah, I guess.” Marcus looked puzzled but settled back down to watch the movie.
Upstairs Ian Marcellus lay in his bed staring at the ceiling. The only thoughts in his head were of Jo Montgomery, and one question…why?



CHAPTER 2
AWAKENING

Jo finished the day off in a haze. She was still puzzled by the bizarre meeting with Ian. She played the day over in her head. She couldn’t wait to get to the café that morning but she didn’t know why. Ian came into the café but he apparently didn’t know why either. Could he have had the same magnetic pull to the café that she had? He clearly seemed to be searching for something. Was he sitting at home right now wondering the same thing she was? Wishful thinking, he was probably in the throws of passion at this very moment with some young, beautiful woman. For all she knew he could be with Anna, she sure didn’t waste any time approaching him while Jo had gotten his coffee, which apparently he did not drink.
 Jo cleared the last of the coffee cups from the tables and locked the café door. She went back to her office and sat down on the comfortable leather couch. She needed to get Ian out of her mind; she laid her head back against the soft leather and sighed.
“Clear your head,” she thought to herself. But as she sat there with her eyes closed she saw his beautiful face in her mind and wondered what it would be like to kiss his perfect lips or touch his perfect skin. She pictured herself in his embrace, kissing him, running her hands over his perfect body. She jumped as the phone rang and brought her back to the office.
“Hello.”
“Hey Mom, where are you?”
 “Hi sweetheart, I’m just closing the shop.”
“Your dinner is getting cold, I made your favorite.”
“Lasagna by any chance?”
“Yep.”
“I’m leaving right now. I love you Clair.”
“Love you too mom.” 
 Jo hung up the phone. She put on her coat and walked to the front door of the café; she let out a final sigh and decided to forget that today had ever happened. She locked the door and as she walked to her car she he had the strangest feeling that someone was watching her. Had today not been odd enough? She got into her car as quickly as she could and locked the doors.
Clair was waiting in the kitchen for her when she got home. “I already ate,” she said as she placed a plate of lasagna on the table for her mother. “You’re late today. Did you have problems closing up?”
 “No, just a long day that’s all,” Jo said, as she smiled at her daughter. She took off her coat and sat at the table taking a bite of lasagna, “This is really good.”
 “I had a good teacher.” 
Jo looked at her daughter with such admiration. “You’re the best daughter a mother could ask for.”
“That’s probably because you’re the best mother a daughter could ask for,” Clair said as she stood up and kissed her mother’s cheek,” I’m going upstairs to finish my homework.”
Jo watched after her. If she had ever been proud of anything in her life it was of Clair.
Clair was a young version of Jo. She was almost the same height, and apart from the fact that Clair had youth on her side, the only real differences were that her hair was straighter and her eyes were brown. Most people who knew Jo when she was younger marveled at the resemblance, another fact that infuriated Dean. He was convinced that Clair looked like him, and his family all agreed. He told Jo repeatedly that the reason Clair was so beautiful was because she took after his family. She took to agreeing with him just to avoid the never-ending argument.
Jo finished her dinner and loaded the dishes into the dishwasher. She felt so exhausted; it had been an eventful day. She went upstairs, brushed out her hair, put on her pajamas and got into bed. Her last thoughts before drifting off were once again of Ian Marcellus.
When Jo awoke the next day she could have sworn that all she had dreamed of was Ian. No matter how determined she was not to think about him she could not get him out of her head.
 “Ugh! Damn you!” She complained to herself as she got into the shower. She got herself ready for work determined to think about other things. She began by reciting the menu at the coffee shop. When she finished listing all of the specialty coffees, she started again this time listing the item and then the price. Then she listed them in alphabetical order, then in order of price from most expensive to least expensive and then from least expensive to most expensive. By the time she finished all the lists she was just about ready for work. She went downstairs and toasted herself a bagel.
 “Hey mom,” Clair said as she walked into the kitchen.
“Hi. Do you need a ride to school?”
“No thanks, Tanya’s mom is driving us today.”
“Would you like me to put a bagel in the toaster for you before she gets here?” Jo asked as she put cream cheese on her own bagel.
 “No, I’ll just have some cereal,” Clair said
 Jo poured her coffee into a travel mug. Clair started laughing and shook her head as she poured cereal into a bowl.
 “For heaven’s sake mom, you own a coffee shop. Why do you take a mug of coffee with you every morning? Is there a shortage at the café?”
 Jo reached over and playfully punched Clair in the arm. “I told you I prefer to drink my morning coffee on the way to work.”
“You can be such a nerd sometimes,” Clair said, still laughing and taking a spoonful of cereal.
 “Well just remember you’ll be my age one day and you‘ll be just as much of a nerd as I am. It’s all in the genes you know.”
“You’re not that old. Besides you look good for your age.”
 “You must be buttering me up for something,” Jo said, looking at Clair suspiciously, “What is it that you want?”
A horn sounded outside. “I think my ride’s here.” Clair put her bowl in the sink, picked up her school bag and put on her jacket then kissed her mother’s cheek. “Love you mom.”
 “Love you too honey.”
 The day went by as normally as could be expected. Jo was determined to keep Ian out of her mind, so she made all the phone calls she had been putting off since last week. She took more time talking to the customers and asking them random questions just to prolong the conversations. She spoke to Anna and Stephanie about their families, and when she began asking questions about their pets, they started avoiding her. She did some paperwork and balanced the books, she even took to cleaning the tables as the customers left, but it was no use. The more she tried not to think of him the more those blue eyes penetrated her mind.
 “You know Jo, if you keep up this pace you won’t need us here anymore,” Stephanie said, as she walked up behind her. “I’ll finish cleaning up. I know you must have other work to do.”
“Oh, thank you Stephanie,” Jo smiled at her and hesitantly went back to her office.
 It was getting dark and almost closing time. Jo sat at her desk and stared at the wall opposite her. There hung one of her favorite pictures, it was a painting of the ocean and the more she looked at it the more she became uneasy. The blue water was splashing against the rocks, the beautiful blue water, as blue as Ian’s eyes. She fell into a daydream. She and Ian were walking along the shore hand in hand. They stopped and looked at each other, their eyes locked together. Ian kissed her on the lips, first softly and then so hungrily that she pulled back. She slid her hands up under his shirt intending to remove it. She put her lips to his ear and very slowly slid them down his neck, where she paused and worked her way back to his irresistible lips. She kissed him slowly, their tongues intertwined and he reached down and lifted her dress while pressing her against him.
 The knock on the door made her jump and her chair jerked backwards. 
“Sorry I scared you,” she saw Anna’s head peering in the door. “We’re all done out here so if you don’t need anything else we’ll be leaving now,” Anna said. 
“Of course, you girls go on. I’ll be leaving shortly myself.”
When she was sure that Anna and Stephanie had left, she walked across the office and took down the picture of the ocean. She put it in the closet and decided that she didn’t like the ocean as much as she had thought she had.
The next day was a complete mess. Jo tried to keep extra busy so her mind would not wander. She was so intent on not thinking about Ian that her mind was extremely boggled. Instead of talking excessively as she had the previous day, she barely spoke a word. She mixed up orders and spilled drinks, and she gave out the wrong change and knocked over cups.
“Jo, it’s really none of my business, but is everything alright with you?” Stephanie asked when she found herself alone with Jo behind the counter.
 Jo didn’t speak for a minute then she took a deep breath, “I’m fine Stephanie, thank you for your concern. It’s been one of those days. I’m just preoccupied I guess.”
 “As long as everything’s ok,” Stephanie said patting Jo on the back.
 “Yes everything’s fine,” Jo sighed.
“Why don’t you go home early? Anna and I can handle the rest of the evening,” Stephanie offered.
 “You know, that’s not a bad idea,” Jo said gratefully. “Thank you Stephanie.”
Jo went into her office before she left and called Clair.
 “I’m coming home early, how about I pick up some dinner and we can watch a movie or something?”
“What’s the matter?” Clair was concerned.
 “Nothing’s the matter. It’s not very busy here and the girls offered to close up so I thought we could do something together.”
 “That sounds great, I’ll just finish up my homework while I wait for you.”
Jo picked up Chinese food and a movie from the video store. She was grateful to have Clair with her to occupy her time. As she set the food out on the table she asked Clair how her day was.
“Uneventful,” Clair said shrugging, “how about yours?”
“Same as always, hectic,” Jo said as she sat down.
While they ate their dinner they talked about school and the cafe. Clair was thinking of working there for the summer. Jo thought that it was a great idea; they would be able to see each other more often and since Stephanie would be leaving for university, Jo would need to replace her.
After they cleaned up the dishes they sat down on the couch to watch the movie. The whole idea of the evening was to take her mind off of Ian but it seemed without the steady flow of conversation to distract her, her mind only wandered more.
Once she was in bed Jo closed her eyes and took deep breaths, but to no avail those blue eyes were looking at her once again. His arms were pulling her close and his lips were everywhere. Their bodies were intertwined and so went the remainder of another night with nothing but dreams of Ian Marcellus.
 The next morning Jo took her time getting ready for work. She phoned Anna and asked her to open the café then made her way downstairs and offered Clair a ride to school.
 “That would be great,” Clair said, “remember dad’s picking me up today and I’ll be staying there until next Sunday.”
 “Lucky you,” Jo said raising her eyebrows.
 “Be nice mom. It’s not that bad there.”
“I know, I’m just kidding,” Jo said. She was really thinking about what she was going to do for nine days without Clair to keep her occupied. “I know your dad loves you. I hope you have a great time.”
“I will if I play Trivial Pursuit with Dana. I win every time,” Clair gave a little smirk.
 “Little Billy next door would win every time too if he played against Dana,” Jo remarked.
 “Mom that’s so mean,” Clair said and then burst out into hysterical laughter. Jo couldn’t help joining in. She had the feeling that today was going to be a much better day then the previous four days had been.
When she walked into the café, Jo felt good. It was Friday and the café was very busy.
“Jo you look great this morning!” Stephanie said.
“Thank you so much, I feel much better today.”
Jo was wearing a pretty plum colored dress that really brought out the green in her eyes. As usual she did not notice that a few of the men in the café were anxious, secretly hoping that Jo would be the one to wait on them. Jo did however take particular notice of a man sitting in the back corner of the café reading the newspaper. She glanced up repeatedly and noted that he was not eating or drinking anything. She couldn’t tell who he was as he kept the paper up in front of his face. He sat for close to an hour without moving.
“Have either of you noticed that gentleman in the back corner reading the paper?” Jo asked Anna and Stephanie when they came up to the counter.
“No,” said Anna, “it’s been so busy I hadn’t taken any notice.”
 “Me either,” said Stephanie, “do you want me to see if he wants anything?”
 “It’s alright, I’ll go.” Jo said, and as she looked up to make her way over to his table, he was gone.
“He was just there,” Anna said.
 “That’s so weird,” Stephanie agreed.
The rest of the day went very smoothly. Barely a thought of Ian crossed Jo’s mind and she felt great. She got into her car, and after the bustle of the day, it was very quite inside of the darkened car and she felt yet again like she was being watched. She looked around the parking lot as she started the ignition and then headed for home.
Not more than a minute of leaving the parking lot her undisciplined mind started its usual fantasy novel. Ian was sliding the strap of her dress off of her shoulder and gently kissing her neck. Just thinking of his warm breath sent tremors down the length of her body. He looked up and gazed into her eyes; she put her hand on his chest and pushed him down onto a chair then sat on his lap facing him. She kissed him on his ear, on his cheek, on his neck and finally on those gorgeous lips.
 Before she knew it Jo had arrived at home. She pulled the car into the garage and walked to the front door. She stepped inside and closed the door behind her. It was dark. She tossed her purse on the table and leaned against the door with her eyes closed and soon realized that she was not alone. Someone stood in front of her, so close in fact, that she could feel their breath.
“You really have to stop doing that.”
Jo jumped and caught her breath, “Ian?” she asked, as she reached to turn on the light. Shivers ran down her spine and she did not know if it was from the cold or from his presence. Ian was standing directly in front of her with a demonic glint in his eyes. Jo didn’t think that it was possible but he moved even closer to her than he already was. Her heart was racing.
“Those little fantasies you’ve been having, I can…” he paused for a minute, inhaling her sweet scent, “I can see them.”
 “What!” Jo gasped, “What are you talking about?”
 “For some strange reason every time you go off on one of your little fantasies, I can see and feel everything that goes through your mind, and to tell you the truth I can’t take it any more.” Ian’s eyes flashed and he reached out and took her face in both of his hands. Although the look in his eyes was wild, he was extremely gentle. He bent in slowly, closed his eyes and very softly put his lips to hers, then paused and inhaled once again as if he were breathing in her very essence.
Jo felt a shock jolt her body and Ian seemed to flinch for a second; he opened his eyes and looked at her questioningly. She had no idea what was happening all that she knew was that Ian was here with her. After days of fantasizing and thinking he wanted nothing to do with her, here he was holding her, kissing her. He gazed at her searchingly for a moment, wondering if she wanted him as badly as he wanted her, and as they stared at each other, there was no doubt about how either one of them felt. He wrapped his hand in her hair and kissed her so hungrily, as if he had never kissed anyone before. They were both savage with appetite, their eyes and lips couldn’t leave each other and their hands were everywhere.
A scattered trail of clothes was left from the front door to the stairs and into Jo’s room. He laid her very softly on the bed kissing her entire body. They were wrapped in such passion it was as if they were one person. Ian kissed Jo’s neck, her scent made him insane. He kissed her neck again and again; he could hear the blood beating through her veins calling to him. He was wild with hunger, his body stiffened, his eyes burned, he opened his mouth and bared his teeth and…
 “Ian, please don’t bite me.”
He was stunned for a split second. The sound of her heavy breathing seemed to bring him back to his senses. Slowly his expression softened, he relaxed and spent the next several hours making love to her as if it was the last thing he would ever do.



CHAPTER 3
CONNECTION

Jo awoke in a haze, she kept her eyes closed and snuggled deeper into her blankets. Why could she not get Ian out of her mind? She had dreamed of him all night as usual, but this time it was different. This time it felt so real.
“Good morning.”
Jo threw the blankets off of her and jolted into sitting position. “Ian!” she exclaimed, her eyes wide.
“What, did you forget that I was here already?” He smirked. “Do you know how loud you snore?” He leaned forward and kissed her gently on the cheek.
 She just sat gaping at him. He was really there. “So I wasn’t dreaming?” she asked, mostly to herself.
 “Even if you were I would have seen it all anyway.”
 “I still don’t understand what you mean, how can you see what I’m thinking?” She looked at him truly puzzled. Could he really see everything that was going through her mind?
“I can’t just see anything you’re thinking, I only see when you’re thinking about us…together. I don’t understand it either. It’s really frustrating,” he wrinkled his forehead, “kind of freaky really.”
“Oh come on, how do you know it’s because of what I’m thinking? Maybe you were thinking it.”
 “Are you trying to say that you haven’t been fantasizing about us together? Perhaps by the seaside?” He looked at her questioningly.
 Jo gaped. She couldn’t believe it. “How is this possible?” She buried her face in her hands, obviously embarrassed.
“I don’t know, but there is a strange connection between us. I just haven’t been able to figure it out yet.”
“How long have you been seeing my thoughts?”
“Well it started the same night I came into the café. I was lying in bed wondering why I couldn’t get you out of my head and all of a sudden I get these flashes of you staring at me, and then I felt your lips on me and well you get the idea. So I started watching you...”
 Jo cut him off, “What do you mean you started watching me?” She demanded.
“Well I thought the only way I could prove my theory was if I watched you.” He waited for her reaction and when she didn’t show any signs of interrupting he continued. “It seemed to me that whenever you were occupied, talking or working, there was nothing, but as soon as you were alone for more than a minute…boom.”
“How could you possibly know when I was alone?”
“I just told you, I was watching you?”
“Everyday?” Jo’s eyes opened in shock. Then she remembered the creepy guy in the café the previous day. “It was you in the café yesterday, with the newspaper! And all week when I felt like I was being watched…you?
“Guilty.”
Jo lay back on her pillow, “This is so bizarre.”
“Speaking of bizarre,” Ian propped himself up on his elbow, “How did you know?”
“I didn’t, you just told me. I had no idea you could…”
“No, how did you know about me? You know, the vampire thing?”
 Jo thought hard for a minute. “I don’t really know, I just sort of sensed it and when you kissed me last night I felt a spark, then I just knew.”
 “You weren’t scared?” He was curious.
“No.” She was very definite.
 “Really?” he asked, “Anyone in their right mind would have run the other way.”
“You know Ian, this whole week has been very strange and I really can’t figure any of it out, it’s making my head spin. You come into my café, we barley spoke two sentences to each other. I didn’t see you for the rest of the week but apparently you’d been watching me. You can see my thoughts and I can sense things about you. I sensed that you were a vampire and I knew that you wouldn’t bite me if I asked you not to. You explain this connection because I can’t.”
“Let me ask you something,” he looked at her intently as if he was finally going to ask her the question that he had been dying to ask. “On Monday morning, did you feel a kind of urgency, like you couldn’t get to the café fast enough?”
Monday had suddenly seemed so far away. “Yes I did.”
“And how long did that feeling last?”
She paused and lowered her head, not sure if she should answer, “Until you walked in the door,” she suddenly looked embarrassed.
Ian lifted her chin so that she was looking him in the eyes. “I felt that same urgency to get to your shop and you know how I feel about coffee,” he smiled sweetly at her. “But I’m starting to think that the urgency was more about getting to you than to your café,” he had the most thoughtful look on his face, “because like you, the feeling lasted just until I laid eyes on you and everyday after that when I wasn’t near you.” 
He leaned over and kissed her sweetly. Something about her drove him wild. It took all of the will power he had not to approach her all week, not to grab her and tell her how nuts she made him. Since he walked out of her shop on Monday morning all he wanted to do was be with her. There was definitely some strange connection between them but at that moment he didn’t want to think about it.
“You’ve got to be joking.”
Her response took him off guard. He couldn’t remember a time when he had been so sincere.
 “No I’m not joking, why would you think that I was?”
“I’m not blind Ian,” she started, “look at you; you can have any girl you want…if you haven’t already. I’m just a worn out single mom who runs a coffee shop. Realistically you should be with Anna or Stephanie or that beautiful little redhead that works at the liquor store.”
At first Ian didn’t know how to respond. Is that what she really thought…that she wasn’t good looking enough for him? He took her hand a sat her up and then sat cross-legged in front of her. He stared at her and reached up to push her hair back out of her face.
 “You’re right. I have been with a lot of women, more than I can count if I was being honest. I can tell you absolutely without a doubt, not one of them even comes close to you. If you were any one of them I would have been gone before you woke up this morning and you wouldn’t even have remembered that I was here. You don’t give yourself enough credit. You’re the most beautiful woman I have ever laid eyes on.”
Jo didn’t know what to say. Ian was younger, at least in appearance, he was tall, dark haired, and he had those beautiful blue eyes. He was perfect from head to toe, as if someone had purposefully sculpted him. Every girl that laid eyes on him wanted him instantly. Why would he even look twice at her?
Ian didn’t wait for her to respond. He leaned in; he kissed her forehead, her eyes, her nose, her cheek, her lips, and her neck. He kissed her over and over and before they knew it, they were once again a tangled heap, rolling around the bed. Ian nuzzled his nose at Jo’s throat and took a deep breath.
“Ian, please don’t bite me.”
He kissed her neck sweetly and smiled to himself.
The next several weeks passed in pretty much the same manner. Jo and Ian would leave her house together, Jo heading off to work and Ian heading back to his house. The hours they were apart were agonizing. Jo’s days at work seemed to be never ending and she would frequently daydream about her and Ian’s previous night together. Ian too found it difficult to be away from Jo, he had never wanted to spend time with anyone this badly.
Because of Jo’s daydreaming Marcus was forced to comment on how much his brother was smiling. Many times Ian would smile because he felt Jo’s breath in his ear or felt her hands caressing him and other times he would smile because he was genuinely happy.
Each night when Jo came home Ian would be waiting for her. Most nights they would skip dinner and head straight for the stairs. The urge to be together was so overwhelming it enveloped them both and many mornings it took all of Jo’s strength to say goodbye to him and go to work.
 Some days Ian would surprise her in her office. This occurred most often after Clair returned home. Jo was not ready to let Clair know about her relationship with Ian, although Clair, being so close to her mother had sensed that something was different. The days that Clair was home, Ian would wait for her to go to sleep and then sneak into Jo’s room.
Their time together was so passionate and intoxicating, but Jo still made a point of asking Ian not to bite her. Each time she asked he would smile and playfully nip at her neck. Jo knew deep down that Ian would not bite her, and she was right, he had no intentions at all of biting her and although the smell of her skin drove him mad, the last thing he would do was hurt her.
“What do you want to do tonight?” Jo asked Ian, as he stared at her from the bed.
She was brushing her hair getting ready for work. He walked up behind her and wrapped his arms around her. He ran his hand over her body then down between her thighs.
“You mean besides this?” He asked.
Jo turned to face him. She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him. She just couldn’t seem to get enough of him. All he had to do was touch her and she was on fire. He threw her on the bed and once again they were intertwined.
“Now I have to do my hair all over again.”
“I like your hair like that.” He stroked a strand of hair off her face and kissed her. “I was thinking, I’ll pick you up after work today.”
“Really, what are we doing?”
“Nothing special I just think we need a change of scenery,” he said stroking her cheek.
That night when Jo locked the café door, Ian was waiting for her. He took her hand and kissed it tenderly. “Madame, your carriage awaits.” He motioned to the car and went around to open the door for her.
“Where are we going?” She was curious about what Ian had meant by ‘change of scenery’.
“I thought that tonight we would go to my place. You said that Clair was at her dad’s for the weekend, so you don’t need to be at home.”
 “Oh,” Jo had not yet been to Ian’s house. They had stuck to the café and Jo’s house because Jo still wanted to spend time with Clair. She didn’t want to have to explain where she’d been or have Clair asking awkward questions. It was easier just to have Ian sneak in and Clair remain in the dark for now. Come to think of it, no one even knew that they were seeing each other. What would Marcus say when she walked in with Ian? “Does Marcus know I’m coming home with you?”
“Marcus is at Isabella’s for the night; her parents are gone for the weekend. We have the place all to ourselves.” He raised his eyebrows.
Jo let out a low laugh. “Whatever will we do?”
 “It’s a big house, I’m sure we’ll find something.”
 As Ian pulled up to the house, Jo’s eyes widened. She knew that the house was large but to actually see it was breathtaking.
“It’s beautiful.”
 “It’s been in my family since 1846. My father had it built not long after I was born. It’s one of the oldest structures still left in Bromsgrove.”
Jo turned to him dumbfounded. “You were born in 1846?”
 “1845 actually, and you thought you were old,” he smirked. “Try being one hundred and sixty four.”
 “I knew that you must have had a long life, but one hundred and sixty four, wow.” This reality was hard for Jo to wrap her head around.
 “Actually my life wasn’t very long,” he looked at her intently “only twenty six years. My after life however has been substantial.”
 Ian got out of the car and rounded to Jo’s door before she even put her hand up to pull the handle.
 “That was quick.”
 “I think that you should get to know a little more about me. You know what I am and you’re the one person that I don’t want to hide from.” He reached for her hand.
As they walked through the front door, Jo’s head spun. The house was astounding. It was as if she had stepped into a different time. She took in everything around her from the rich mahogany woodwork to the beautiful stone floors, she marveled at the intricacy and details on the furniture. It was all very overwhelming. She noticed a picture hanging over the expansive fireplace; it was of a beautiful young woman. The woman’s face was extraordinary, her features sculpted and her eyes…Ian’s eyes.
“Is that your mother?” She asked indicating the picture.
“Yes, that picture was painted while she was pregnant with me.”
“She’s beautiful,” Jo said, “you look just like her.”
Ian smiled. Jo was sure he had heard that many times before.
 “What happened to her?”
 “She died during my delivery. That’s why my father had this place built. He couldn’t stand living in the house that they had shared together. I guess it was too painful for him, as was seeing me every day,” he said softly.
Jo looked at him questioningly. “Surely you don’t mean to say that your father blamed you for you mother’s death.”
 “I don’t think he blamed me for her death but he certainly resented the fact that I lived and she didn’t. Don’t get me wrong, I know that my father loved me but I think that I just reminded him too much of her. I could tell it caused him pain, he could never look me in the eyes.” Ian seemed genuinely sad.
“What happened to your father?”
“He and my oldest brother were murdered and that left just Marcus and I.”
“You had another brother!” Jo was shocked. “I didn’t realize.”
“His name was Joseph,” Ian said as he nodded.
“Ian I’m so sorry, we don’t have to talk about this if you don’t want to.”
“I’d like to tell you the whole story but maybe we’ll leave that for another day,” he grinned at her. “I brought you here because I wanted to share my past with you but we don’t have to do it all in one night.”
 He took her by the hand a led her around the house telling her about different family heirlooms and where they had come from. He showed her all of his prized possessions that he had collected over the years and told her stories of how he came to acquire them. He showed her the library with its extensive collection of books, some of which dated back to the 1700’s and where kept in impeccable condition.
Jo asked so many questions. She could not control her curiosity; many aspects of the house fascinated her. There were exquisite paintings, some very old and she was willing to bet priceless. She saw old family portraits; some of Ian’s parents others of Ian and his brothers and there were a few of Ian’s brothers with their parents but Jo did not miss the fact that there was not one portrait of Ian with his father. She knew there could not be one of him with his mother as she died during his delivery but there was not a trace to preserve the image of Ian with his father. She did not mention this bit of perception to Ian, but the thought truly saddened her. He obviously never knew the love of his mother, but for his own father to blatantly ignore his existence, because Ian reminded him of his wife, was heartbreaking.
 Ian noticed the changed expression on Jo’s face and took her by the hand. “Come on I want to show you something.” He almost skipped in his excitement.
He led her upstairs to an enormous wooden door with elaborate carvings, she could not tell what they were of, but the door itself was just as beautiful as anything else in the house. He pushed the door open and placed a hand on her back to guide her into the room.
 “This is my room,” he smiled, “what do you think?”
Jo stared around with her jaw ajar. This was by far the most beautiful room in the house. The gigantic bed was the first to draw her attention. It was the biggest four-poster bed she had ever seen. The headboard and footboard were made of wood with the same carvings as the bedroom door and panels of silk were draped from all four corners. The bedding was luxurious and there were pillows everywhere. Heavy red curtains lined the ceiling high windows, and this was saying something, as the ceiling seemed so far away. The furniture was very old but in pristine condition, and everything was very neat and tidy. Jo was in awe.
Ian was anxious, “Well what do you think?” He repeated.
“I think that I gave you far too much credit,” Jo said jokingly.
 “What?” Ian was confused.
 “Well I thought you lured all of those girls in with your mere charm, but as it turns out all they had to do is have one look at this room and they would have been putty in your hands,” she joked.
“Well maybe that would have been the case, if they had ever seen this room.”
 “You mean to tell me that you never brought a girl to your room?” She looked at him very suspiciously like she would never believe such an untruth.
 “No, I’m telling you that I’ve never brought a girl into this house,” he said as he faced her, “you’re the first.”
 “You never brought a girl into this house?”
“Not one.”
“Why not? It’s magnificent.”
 “I never met one that I wanted to bring into this house…my family’s house. You’re the only woman I have ever met that I even considered bringing here. He took her in his arms, “I told you, I don’t want to hide from you.”
 They spent the remainder of the night talking and making love. Jo told Ian all about her family and her childhood. How she felt Marie was always her parent’s favorite because she did everything their way and after getting married at sixteen Jo had proven them right. She told him all about her marriage to Dean and talked relentlessly about Clair. She talked about the shop and how wonderful it felt to have something that was all her own. Then they would make love again and talk some more. Jo felt as if she were doing all of the talking but she didn’t want to push Ian into talking about his family, she wanted him to be the one to bring it up when he was ready.
“I’m talking too much.”
“I like to hear you talk and I love hearing about your life, it’s nice to hear about a normal person’s life for a change.”
 “Oh Ian, you are normal.”
 “Hardly.”
 “You’re not talking about that little vampire problem are you?” Jo teased.
 He grabbed her and rolled her over pinning her hands above her head. “Oh, aren’t you funny,” he said, nibbling her chin. “I hardly call a vampire problem little.” He kissed her neck and as always he paused and inhaled her delicious scent.
“Ian…”
“I’m not going to bite you so you can stop asking.”



CHAPTER 4
SHAME ON YOU

“Where are you going?” Ian asked as he saw Jo getting ready to leave.
“To the café. I’ve been leaving Anna in charge a lot lately and I think that I should at least stop by to check on things.”
 Ian admired Jo and then reached from the bed for her hand and pulled her down into his arms.
“So you’re not just trying to get away from me?” He asked.
“Are you kidding? I can’t stand leaving you, maybe you should come with me.”
“Actually I have a few things to take care of around here,” he paused for a second then said, “If I ask you something will you give me an honest answer?”
 “Of course I will,” Jo turned onto her stomach and folded her hands on Ian’s chest; she laid her chin on them and looked him in the eyes.
 “You know my brother; you’ve met him before right?”
 “Marcus? Yes I’ve met him and Isabella; they’ve come to the café loads of times. Why do you ask?”
 “What do you think of him?”
 “Honestly?”
 “Yes honestly.”
Jo considered Ian’s brother for a minute, “Well, Marcus is very sweet, he’s kind and romantic, caring and handsome,” she noticed that Ian was pouting. “He has a lot of great qualities.”
“And what do you think about Isabella and the two of them together?”
 “I think they’re great together, they seem to be very much in love. I also think that Isabella is a very sweet girl, there’s just one thing I can’t figure out about her.”
 “Really, what would that be?”
“It puzzles me, although Marcus is a great guy and all, I don’t understand how she manages to keep her hands off of you.”
 “What?”
 “I mean, how does she spend so much time around you and not want you as much as I do.”
“She’s not very fond of me,” Ian scowled.
“I don’t see why not, you’re every bit as great as Marcus.”
“I hardly think I would qualify as sweet or kind or romantic.”
“Well I beg to differ.”
“Many people would disagree with you.”
“Now who’s the one not giving themselves enough credit?” Jo sat up and gave Ian the mothering eyes, which she so often used on Clair. “Now you listen to me Ian Marcellus. You are the sweetest, kindest most romantic man I have ever met and I don’t ever want you to think otherwise!”
Ian played with Jo’s hair. She leaned over and kissed him then got out of bed.
 “Do you have plans for tonight?” He asked her.
 “Nothing out of the ordinary,” she looked at him slyly, “why?”
“I need a date.”
“A date?” Jo asked surprised.
 “Isabella is having a birthday party for her sister. Everyone’s going to be there and Marcus keeps harassing me to go. I would be honored if you would join me.”
“I would love nothing more than to be your date. What time is the party?” She smiled, noticing his relief.
“Seven thirty. I can pick you up around seven.”
“Actually, can I meet you there?”
“Why?” Ian said looking puzzled.
“Because if I have a date with Ian Marcellus I’m going to need some time to make myself presentable.”
“You could come in your pajamas and still be the most beautiful woman there,” Ian told her as he got out of bed and pulled on his pants.
“Be careful you almost sound romantic,” Jo teased.
Ian was in the kitchen when Marcus came in with Isabella.
“Hey Ian, I haven’t seen much of you these last few weeks.” Marcus looked happy to see his brother.
“I’ve been busy,” he said, noticing Isabella scrutinizing him.
“You seem different,” Isabella said staring at him sideways.
“I haven’t changed in a over a hundred years Isabella, you know that.”
“Hmm funny,” she said sarcastically, “you know what I mean.”
Ian walked by her without responding and sat on the couch.
“We picked up a movie do you want to watch it with us?” Marcus asked hopefully.
“Sure, what the hell,” Ian agreed, “if you tell your girlfriend to stop staring at me.”
Marcus gave Isabella a ‘what the hell are you doing?’ look and she pouted but lowered her gaze.
 “So,” began Marcus, “have you given any more thought about the party tonight?”
“Not really,” said Ian, wanting to keep his brother in suspense just a little longer.
“Come on Ian, you really should get out and mingle. Isabella has a friend…”
“Oh no, don’t you dare! If you try and set me up with some wacky friend of Isabella’s I will be sure not to come.”
 Isabella opened her mouth to say something but Marcus shot her a warning look.
“Will you stop tiptoeing around me Marcus? I’m really tired of you treating me like I’m going to explode if you say something wrong or if you look at me the wrong way like Miss Judgmental over here,” Ian said shooting a sideways glare at Isabella.
 “I’m sorry. I just want to see you have a little fun that’s all. I thought this party would be good for you.” Marcus looked so disappointed and Ian couldn’t stand making his brother feel bad.
“Oh alright Marcus, I’ll go to the party but don’t you dare try and set me up. Now are we going to watch the movie or not?”
Ian couldn’t help but admire the smile on Marcus’ face. He knew that his brother just wanted him to be happy and he loved him for it. But sometimes his brother’s persistence got on his nerves. Maybe once Marcus saw him with Jo he would lay off a bit. He knew that Isabella would be her normal questioning self but he really didn’t care what either of them thought.
 Marcus and Isabella cuddled up on the couch across from Ian, and he got comfortable in his own seat, and they sat in silence watching the movie. At one point Ian could tell that Jo must have had a few minutes to herself in the office because he felt her lips on him and her hands all over his body. He smiled contently to himself. He couldn’t wait to see Jo tonight; he hated to be apart from her. He once again felt her lips on him and his smile widened. He noticed Isabella’s questioning glare, then Marcus’.
“The movie’s over Ian, “Isabella said.
 “Huh? Oh I’m going to go take a shower.” Ian stood and headed up the stairs without looking back at the two sets of curious eyes.
“I swear he gets stranger everyday,” Isabella said turning to Marcus.
 “At least he was smiling.”
 “Yeah, but why?” Isabella asked wrinkling her forehead.
Once Ian was ready he met Marcus and Isabella downstairs. He had put on a pair of dark jeans and a black button down dress shirt, which made his eyes stand out remarkably. Marcus insisted that Ian ride with them and since Jo was meeting him at the party, he didn’t argue. When they arrived, Isabella went to speak to the DJ while Marcus and Ian went to the bar and got themselves drinks. Marcus didn’t comment when he noticed that Ian did not have a second. Isabella joined them and Ian could tell she was trying hard to be nice to him, he figured she must have gotten one of Marcus’ famous lectures.
Within a few minutes the club was full of people. The music played in the background and lively conversation was all around them. Isabella’s sister Patricia stood at the bar talking their ears off. Isabella may have been annoying but she was nothing compared to her energetic younger sister. Patricia talked non-stop and didn’t even seem to breathe between sentences. Ian got dizzy listening to her and when he opened his mouth to tell her just how much she was getting on his nerves, Isabella shot him a venomous look and he decided on saying nothing.
 Patricia stopped mid sentence as she looked towards the door. “Who’s that? I don’t think I know her.”
 “Isn’t that Jo Montgomery?” asked Isabella just as Ian was turning to face the door.
Ian couldn’t believe his eyes, he thought that Jo was stunning no matter what, but she looked so gorgeous it was beyond words. Her hair was piled loosely on her head with loose strands trailing down her face and neck. She wore a navy dress that hit just above the knee with a slit up the right side and the neckline plunged enough to tease but not enough to reveal any secrets. She had a pair of matching navy heels that buckled around her ankles and lengthened her beautiful legs. Ian felt a jealous twinge as he saw the open jaws of just about every man in the room.
 “I didn’t even recognize her,” Marcus said slightly dumbfounded.
 “Oh for heaven’s sake, close your mouth,” Isabella said shooting Marcus a reproachful look.
“I think she’s looking for someone,” said Patricia
“Who invited her?” Isabella asked.
 “That would be me,” said Ian, as he pushed passed them and made his was over to Jo.
 The three of them just stared after him.
 “Ian and Jo Montgomery? You’ve got to be kidding me!” Isabella exclaimed. “I didn’t even know they knew each other.
Jo met Ian half way across the room. She almost ran in her excitement and had to talk herself into keeping calm. Jo reminded herself that although she and Ian had been seeing each other for over two months, this was the first time that they would be together in public. When she reached him, he took her face in his hands and kissed her. His lips lingered on hers for a few seconds and then moved to her ear.
 “You’re causing quite a stir.”
“I think we’re causing quite a stir,” Jo said looking around at all the inquiring faces.
He offered her his arm and led her to a table. As he pulled out her chair she gave a sly smile.
“I know what you’re thinking,” Ian said, taking note of Jo’s grin.
 “I am not thinking that you’re being sweet and romantic, if that’s what you mean.”
 Ian knew full well that Marcus and Isabella were goggling at them from the bar. He tried to ignore them. He wanted some more time before he was forced to give them the details of his relationship with Jo.
The two of them sat uninterrupted talking and gazing at each other for close to an hour. Jo’s insides wriggled. She knew how she felt whenever she was near Ian and she had been wondering how she would be able to control herself in public. Even though they were in club full of people, to them it was as if they were the only ones in the room. Ian took her hand from across the table and kissed it softly, this sent shivers down Jo’s spine.
“Would you care to dance?”
“I don’t know if that’s a good idea,” Jo whispered as she leaned closer to him.
“Why not? Don’t tell me you can’t dance.”
“It’s not that, it’s just…”
“Oh come on,” Ian said standing and holding his hand out to her, “you don’t want to disappoint our audience do you?”
Jo stood and suddenly felt self-conscious. She took Ian’s hand and followed him out to the dance floor. He spun her around then caught her around the waist in his arms. He held her so close that she could feel his warm breath on her neck and smell the scent of his skin. Her body trembled.
 “You’re not cold are you?” Ian asked.
 “No, it’s just hard for me to be so close to you.”
 “Am I that hideous that you can’t stand to be near me?” Ian teased.
“Ian, it’s not funny, being this close to you is agony.”
Ian chuckled and nibbled playfully on her ear as they swayed in unison.
“Maybe I should even the playing field a bit,” Jo said slyly.
“And how, may I ask, do you intend to do that?”
 Jo gave him her most devious smile. Then she laid her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes. As their bodies rocked back and forth to the music Jo let her mind wonder. She unbuttoned Ian’s shirt and slid it off of his shoulders, biting him playfully. When she felt the Ian in her arms stiffen slightly she smiled to herself and continued her daydream. She was undoing the button on his jeans. He reached up to undo the clasp in her hair and it fell teasingly down over her shoulders. She slipped off her dress and let it fall to the floor. Her hands returned to his pants and she began to slide them over his hips.
 “Alright, alright, point taken. Let’s go!” Ian said exasperated.
“I just need to use the ladies room before we leave,” Jo said smiling in triumph and turning to get her purse.
Ian pulled her back and kissed her. “Don’t take too long.”
 “I’ll hurry, I promise.”
When Jo came out of the ladies room Marcus and Isabella were standing close by.
“Hi Jo,” chimed Isabella, “I didn’t expect to see you here tonight.”
“Ian invited me, I hope that’s alright.” Jo knew Ian could hear their conversation and she saw him glaring in their direction. She tried to send him a vision to stay where he was; Isabella did not intimidate her. He didn’t move but stared intently at them from across the room.
 Marcus spoke up, “Of course it’s alright, we just didn’t realize that Ian had asked any one to come.”
“Are you disappointed that he did?”
“No not at all,” piped up Isabella, “it’s just that Ian…”
“Ian what?” Jo asked glaring at Isabella.
 “Ian is not exactly the kind of guy you take home to your mother, you know what I mean?”
 “Well I guess since my mother’s dead, it won’t be a problem.”
Marcus interjected, “Isabella just means that Ian doesn’t usually have very long relationships.”
“Well Ian and I have been seeing each other for months now so that doesn’t really concern me either.”
Marcus and Isabella both stared at her as if they hadn’t heard her properly. Jo could see Ian fidgeting from the corner of her eye and tried to relay to him that she didn’t want him to come and interrupt.
 “Months?” Asked Marcus, cocking his head. Jo did not miss the subtle glance that he directed at her neck.
 Isabella looked as if she were trying to figure out if Jo had been making everything up or not. “Do you expect us to believe that you have been seeing Ian…Ian Marcellus, for months?”
 “You’re free to believe whatever you like, but yes, Ian…Ian Marcellus and I have been seeing each other for over two months now.” Jo saw Ian smile and his body relaxed. He leaned against the wall and waited patiently.
 “With all due respect Jo, Ian is not…well he…” Marcus stammered over his words.
 Jo interrupted him, “With all due respect Marcus, I know exactly what Ian is and what you are for that matter, and no he hasn’t bitten me any more than you have bitten Isabella. Shame on you Marcus! Aren’t you the one that has been harping on Ian, wanting him to be happy and now that he is, you’re not. Shame on both of you for not thinking that Ian can be just as loving as either of you, not thinking him capable of caring for someone other than himself and for cornering me at your sister’s party to discourage me from seeing him. Shame on you for not thinking he deserves the happiness that the two of you have.” She shot each of them an outraged look. “Shame on both of you! Now if you’ll excuse me I’ve kept Ian waiting long enough!” and with that she pushed passed them and made her way over to Ian.
 “Now you’ve really turned me on,” Ian whispered in her ear.
 Marcus and Isabella stared after her, “Over two months?” Marcus questioned.
 “That’s what she said.”
 “And he hasn’t bitten her?”
 “Apparently not,” Isabella replied.
 “What’s going on with him?”
 “That’s a good question.”
 “He does seem happy though, doesn’t he?” Marcus smiled a little.
“Yeah he does.”
 “She’s right you know?”
“About what?” Isabella was still staring at the door.
 “Everything really. I have been on his case for years telling him to slow down and begging him to find someone who’ll make him happy. And I’ve noticed how happy he’s been lately, but I didn’t know why. I never thought…I guess he just needed to find the right person,” Marcus turned to Isabella, “and if she makes him as happy as you make me then she’s right, shame on us. He deserves it more than anyone.”



CHAPTER 5
I’M A WHAT

 The following morning Ian was up before Jo, he went downstairs to make breakfast. When he entered the kitchen Marcus was already there.
 Ian cringed, “Let the interrogation begin,” he mumbled to himself. “I’m not in the mood to hear your lectures Marcus,” Ian said as he pulled out a frying pan.
 “I’m not planning on lecturing you. Actually we like her.”
 “We?” Ian gave Marcus a quizzical look.
 “Isabella and I, we like her.”
 “Are you one and the same now?”
“Don’t try to get off the subject. Why didn’t you tell me you were seeing her?”
 Ian was thoughtful for a moment. He didn’t know why he hadn’t told at least Marcus about Jo. It would have probably stopped him from harping about Ian being alone and unhappy.
 “I guess I just wanted to be sure before I said anything,” Ian shrugged.
 “And are you sure now?”
 “Marcus, you’re prying.”
 “Well I haven’t seen you this happy in a very long time and I just want to make sure…”
“Make sure of what?” Ian gritted his teeth. He knew what Marcus was going to say.
 “Make sure that history doesn’t repeat itself.”
 “Are you really going to bring this up now?” Ian dropped his voice.
“Well you’ve been seeing her secretly for months, Ian. Doesn’t this all sound just a bit too familiar? You must be a little apprehensive or you wouldn’t have kept it to yourself.”
 Ian shot Marcus a venomous look, “She’s not Mia!” He spat out.
 “I know she’s not. I already told you, we like her and we like seeing you happy. I just want you to make sure that you’ve got your head on straight.” Marcus stood and patted Ian on the back, and then he left.
Ian knew what Marcus was concerned about but if there was anything he was ever sure about, it was his feelings for Jo. He hadn’t spent a day away from her since their first night together. Actually he had seen her everyday since their first meeting in the café, but he didn’t count spying as quality time. He didn’t know if he could spend an entire day away from her, was that normal? Then again, was anything about their relationship normal? He began to try and picture a day without Jo. Just one day, he could handle that couldn’t he? The more he thought about it the more he really wasn’t sure.
A few minutes later Jo came into the kitchen. “There you are,” she said wrapping her arms around him from behind.
 “Hey Sleeping Beauty, I made you breakfast,” Ian said as he indicated the omelets he had just slid onto plates.
 “Well isn’t that…”
 “Don’t say sweet.” Ian turned to face her and kissed her full on the mouth then led her to the table. “Sorry I didn’t make any coffee.”
 Jo laughed and shook her head, “That’s ok. I’ll get some at work. I hope you don’t mind, I took a shower.”
 “You’re going to work today?” He had only just this moment realized that she was dressed and ready to leave.
 “I’m just going to stop at home and change first. Imagine what everyone would say if I went to work in the same dress that I was in last night.”
 Ian rolled his eyes, “Yes this town certainly doesn’t need any more excuses to talk about the two of us.”
 When they finished eating, Jo helped Ian clean up and then picked up her purse. “So I’ll see you later,” she assumed.
 “Actually, can I talk to you for a minute before you go?” Ian sounded nervous
 “What’s the matter?’
 “Nothing it’s just…” Ian didn’t know how to say this to her without upsetting her. He saw her looking at him with a mixture of curiosity and concern. “Jo I need you to do me a favor but I don’t want you to take it the wrong way.”
 She eyed him suspiciously, “What kind of favor?”
 “I was just wondering if maybe,” he took a deep breath. This was harder than he thought; “maybe we can do something apart for a day or two?”
 “You mean apart from each other?” Her expression was suddenly harsh.
 “Yes I…”
 “Oh Ian!” she blurted out, “I knew this was too good to be true. Why in the world would you ask me to go out in front of all of those people and then humiliate me like this?” The tears were falling down her face and she looked as if someone had just slapped her.
 “Jo wait a….”
 “No Ian. Please don’t say another word. I should have expected this but I’m an idiot and let myself believe that this just might work. Don’t embarrass me more than you already have.” She got up and stormed out of the door.
 Ian just stood dumbfounded staring at the door. That wasn’t at all how he had expected the conversation to go. He thought he could make Jo understand that he just wanted to see if it was possible for them spend one day apart. He never expected her to react like this but he knew that he could not go after her right now; he would have to let her calm down. Maybe it would be easier if she was mad at him, then he wouldn’t have to risk any of her little daydreams while he was trying not to think of her. Then a thought hit him like a ton of bricks. If he could experience her most pleasant and welcoming fantasies, what would happen when she was so obviously livid with him? What if she felt like driving a stake through his heart or plucking his eyes out with a sharp stick? He stood very still for a minute waiting to see if any hint of pain was coming his way…nothing. All he could feel was complete and utter sadness.
 As he stood there, Marcus and Isabella walked in. “Great, exactly what I needed,” Ian grumbled to himself.
 “Hey Ian,” Isabella smiled at him, “has Jo left already? I wanted to apologize for last night.”
 “She has and you should,” Ian scoffed.
 “I know I’m sorry. Will she be by later?”
 “I don’t think so.” Ian left the room as quickly as possible. He really didn’t feel like discussing what had just happened with the ‘Gemini Twins’.
 Ian often referred to Marcus and Isabella as ‘The Gemini Twins’ but he had never said it to their faces. Both of them were born on the same day, May 26th, although Marcus was born in 1843 and Isabella in 1985. They were almost always together and one usually knew what the other was thinking. Not that they could read each other’s minds, just that more often than not they would be thinking the same thing. And if you spent long enough in a room with the two of them you would notice that they almost always finished each other’s sentences.
If Ian were being honest he would say that Marcus and Isabella were perfect together. They never argued and they were absolutely, undeniably in love with each other. The two of them could spend hours in a corner talking in whispers or sometimes just the opposite, spending hours in complete silence. They always seemed to be on the exact same page, sometimes they communicated just by eye contact. The only time that the two of them had ever been at odds was the day Isabella found out that Marcus was a vampire.
 Once they had fallen in love Marcus thought that it would be safe to tell Isabella his secret and when he did, she lost her mind. It was the first time Marcus had brought her to the house and she ran around screaming that he had betrayed her trust and that she was sure she was going to turn into a vampire because Marcus had nipped her accidentally the week before and was that really an accident. It was quite a scene; until Marcus calmed her down enough to very reluctantly use his mind control ability to assure her that he had no intentions of hurting her. From that moment on they transformed into the ‘Gemini Twins’.
 Up in his room Ian threw himself on the bed. He could still smell Jo’s scent in the air and it made him even more sullen. He really should have handled the whole conversation with Jo differently. There was a knock at the door.
 “What!” Ian yelled.
 The door opened and Marcus poked his head inside, “May I come in?”
 “No.”
 Marcus pushed the door open and walked into Ian’s bedroom.
 “Why do you bother asking?” Ian looked exasperated.
 “Just a formality really,” Marcus smirked and sat on the end of Ian’s bed. “Is everything alright?” He paused, “With you and Jo I mean.”
 “You’re being nosy again.”
 “I like to think of it as concern.”
 “Everything is fine. Can you leave now?”
 “Come on Ian, I’m your brother. I know something’s wrong it’s written all over your face.” Marcus looked sincere.
 Ian didn’t answer; he turned his head in the other direction and looked out of the window.
 Marcus didn’t push him, “Alright then, but if you need to talk we’ll be downstairs.” He got up and left, closing the door behind him.
 There he goes with the ‘we’ again. Ian just wanted to be left alone. He sat up with his insides yearning and started thinking about ways to get his mind off of Jo. He decided that staying locked in his bedroom wouldn’t do him any good, so he put on his coat and having no desire at all for a conversation with Marcus and Isabella, he climbed out the window.
 His first inclination was to go to the café and he had to remind himself the whole purpose of this exercise was to see if it was possible for him to be away from Jo. He walked slowly down the street determined to pass the time. He tried to take notice of everything around him; he looked into the face of everyone he passed, to see if by some chance, some one would catch his attention for one reason or another. He passed one young woman and was staring at her intently to see if there was something…anything. “Nothing,” he said to himself.
 “Excuse me?” The woman replied.
 “What?” said Ian blankly.
 “You just said something to me,” she was smiling widely.
 “Oh sorry, I was just thinking out loud.” Ian paused and took in her appearance. She was definitely beautiful; blonde, tall and well put together. She wore a very tight pair of jeans with knee-high heeled boots and a snug baby blue sweater, which showed that her maker was very generous in the chest department.
 “What were you thinking about?” It was very obvious to Ian that she was trying to make conversation with him. She was playing with a strand of her hair and swaying a little as she spoke. Ian was surprised to find that he had no inclination to speak to her. He moved toward her seeing her anticipation and stared into her eyes.
 “I was just thinking,” he began.
He could feel her excitement. “Yes?” She asked breathlessly.
 “I was just thinking that, I want you to go away.”
 She looked at him for a split second longer and then turned and marched off in the opposite direction.
 Ian decided to go down to the local bar. He had at one point almost spent more time there than he had at his own house, and he had spent many nights with the voluptuous bartender. He opened the door and stepped inside. The bar was nearly deserted, as it was still early afternoon, usually the biggest crowd gathered much later in the evening. Ian made his way to the bar; he could see Sarah starring at him as he approached. She was a pretty lady; with long dark hair and dark eyes and a very sensual demeanor. Sarah was a very straightforward kind of gal and full of confidence, but best of all she was single. All of these qualities combined with her sexy southern accent made for guaranteed repeat business.
 “I haven’t seen you ‘round here for a long while,” she said leaning forward on the bar.
 “I’ve been busy,” Ian replied.
 “Ian Marcellus I haven’t seen you busy since the day I moved to Bromsgrove. What could you possibly be busy doin’?”
 “This and that.”
 “Well you don’t have to tell me, it’s none of my business anyway,” she said, “so can I get you anything? A drink or maybe you’re in need of something else?” She leaned over so that her lips were at his ear, “I can get Ned to take over for a couple of hours,” she whispered.
 “No thanks Sarah, I’m not staying. I just came by to say hello.” Ian suddenly realized that he did not want to be around anyone; all he wanted was to burst into Jo’s café, throw her over his shoulders and run off with her. But since that was not going to happen he just wanted to be back in his room, sulking.
 “Well I never thought I’d see the day!” Sarah exclaimed as she slapped her hand on the counter, “I’ll be damned Ian Marcellus if you’re not in love!”
 Ian stood up and kissed Sarah on the cheek, “It’s always a pleasure talking to you Sarah, take car of yourself.”
 As Ian turned and headed for the door he heard Sarah laugh under her breath. “Don’t you be a stranger now,” she yelled after him.
 Ian did not turn back but raised his hand in a goodbye wave, and before the door had closed completely behind him he heard Sarah’s voice once again, “I’ll be damned.”
 Ian spent the rest of the night lying in his bed wallowing in his own pity. The urge to see Jo was almost uncontrollable; it was as if there was an enormous magnet pulling him to her. He didn’t know why he was so upset; he had after all brought this all on himself. Who cares if they couldn’t stay away from each other? So what? But was it normal for two people to not be able to spend one day apart? He just wanted to know. He wondered how Jo was handling his absence, if she missed him as much as he missed her. What was strangest to him was that he hadn’t seen an image from her, nothing, not a kiss, not an infuriated slap in the face, nothing. Once or twice he had thought he felt something but it was gone as quickly as it came, and in its place was nothing but sheer depression. Ian was miserable for so many years and he had never realized it. But after having been so unequivocally happy with Jo for so many weeks, he now felt as if had run into a brick wall headfirst.
 Ian’s confused thoughts rose with the sun. He lay in bed wondering how he was ever going to pass another day in such a sullen state. He dressed and headed downstairs hoping desperately that Marcus had gone out. When he got to the bottom of the stairs, he tiptoed quietly towards the kitchen, planning to turn around and head back upstairs at the first sign of Marcus or Isabella. He peeked slowly into the kitchen, not a soul was in sight. He relaxed and walked to the refrigerator.
 “You’re up,” he heard Isabella’s voice.
 “Do you ever go home?” Ian froze with his hand on the refrigerator door.
 Marcus’ head popped up from the couch next to Isabella’s, “Isabella may spend as much time here as she likes.”
 “And you wonder why I spend so little time here,” Ian retorted and headed back to the stairs.
 “Wait we…I want to talk to you,” Marcus called.
 “What is it now?” Ian groaned.
 “Come sit.”
 Ian very hesitantly walked to the living room and sat across from them. He at that moment realized that he must have interrupted a romantic moment with his arrival into the kitchen. Marcus wasn’t wearing a shirt and Isabella looked an awful mess. Her hair looked tangled and her lipstick was smudged across her face and upon a second glance at Marcus, Ian noticed that he seemed to be wearing precisely the same shade on his lips. Isabella saw Ian’s scrutinizing stare and self-consciously tried to smooth her hair.
 ‘What is it?’ Ian asked with his eyes lingering on Isabella.
 “We…I haven’t seen Jo. I was just wondering if she’s coming by,” Marcus questioned.
 “No, she’s not.”
 “What did you say to her?” Piped up Isabella
 Marcus shot her a look, “Come in the kitchen,” Marcus said to Ian. Isabella stood then sat back down as if someone told her to stay put.
 “You two are a little creepy, you know that?” Ian said, looking at the two of them.
 Marcus pulled Ian into the kitchen. “Ian,” he began, “Isabella and I are worried.” He saw Ian about to interrupt, “just let me finish, we think that maybe the reason that Jo hasn’t been around is because of what we said to her the other night, and we really want to apologize to her. We stopped by the café this morning but she wasn’t there and we thought that maybe we should go to her house…”
 This time Ian did interrupt. “Can you two be any more interfering? And you wonder why I kept our relationship a secret. What’s the matter with you two anyway? What did you go to the café for? You give yourselves too much credit. Did you really think that she’d stop seeing me because of the two of you? Jo hasn’t been here because I asked her to stay away for a few days!”
 “What would you do that for?”
 “I don’t have to explain anything to you Marcus and don’t you dare go near Jo’s house!” He turned on his heel and headed to the stairs.
 “Come on Ian, seriously…”
 Ian turned and yelled over his shoulder, “If you want people to take you seriously Marcus, you should take off your lipstick.”
 Ian lay in bed with the same gaping hole in the pit of his stomach that he had had all day. He didn’t know what time it was but he could tell by the position of the sun outside his window that it was very late in the afternoon. He felt restless. He heard Marcus and Isabella leaving a few hours previous so he had the whole house to himself. He walked downstairs to the library and tried to immerse himself in a book, but not one book in the entire library could lull his mind away from the thought of her. Those beautiful eyes that he so often got lost in. The strange pattern of green and brown, that so fascinated him. Her lips so soft and gentle. Her dark hair playing around her face, as it cascaded over her shoulders and danced lightly down her back. Ian was driving himself mad and he just couldn’t stand it a moment longer. He made up his mind and without even stopping to pick up his jacket he headed straight for the door once again.
 Jo sat on the couch watching T.V. She had called in sick that morning and seeing as she had no plans of leaving the house, she spent the day in her sweat pants and a t-shirt on the couch. She did not even have Clair’s company to occupy her, as she wouldn’t be back from her father’s house until after school the following day. Jo still had the needle in her pocket that she had been carrying around with her. If Ian did not want to see her she would make sure that he didn’t. Every time any thought of Ian entered her mind she would drive the needle into her finger to stop it. She knew that Ian would be able to see if she was thinking of him and she certainly didn’t want to give him the satisfaction. She got up and went to the kitchen for a bag of chips. Just as she opened the pantry door the doorbell rang. Jo was certain that it was Tanya picking up the homework assignment that she and Clair had been working on. She closed the pantry door and walked out to the hallway. The bell rang again. She opened the front door, and before she could register who was standing there, he had grabbed her so desperately, moving into the house and kicking the door closed with his foot.
 “Ian?” Jo was absolutely taken by surprise, “What the hell are you doing?”
 “Jo,” Ian gasped, “I’m... so... sorry,” he kissed her face in between words, “I just... wanted... to see... if I could do it... but I can’t. I just can’t.”
 “Ian, what are you talking about?” Jo said trying to get her words in between his kisses.
 He took her face in his hands. “I wanted to see if I could stay away from you for just one day, that’s all, one day. But I can’t Jo, I can’t. Please tell me that you’ve been as miserable as I have. I’m so sorry if I hurt you, but I just had to see.”
 Jo pushed him away from her and held her arm out with her hand against his chest to stop him from coming close to her. She was absolutely furious with him and he could feel it. If her eyes could shoot fire they would have, and at that very second Ian actually thought he saw a hint of a flame flare inside the green-brown depths of her eyes. She took a slow deep breath and then she spoke trying to contain her anger as she did so.
 “Let me get this straight,” she said through clenched teeth, “this was all just an experiment to see if you could stay away from me? To see if we could stay away from each other?” She glared at him and he actually felt a hint of fear.
 Very reluctantly, he said in barely a whisper, “Yes.”
 Jo eyed him with her head turned to one side. She didn’t speak; she just glared.
 It felt to Ian as if time were passing in slow motion. He didn’t know if he should speak or keep his silence. He decided to take another chance to plea his case. “Jo please I…”
 Jo suddenly threw herself at Ian with such force that he stumbled backwards. “If you ever do anything to me like that again I’ll kill you with my bare hands,” she said as she embraced him in apparent relief.
 And they picked up right where they had left off; pants on the floor, shirts on the stairs, undergarments in the hall, and hands everywhere. They had the most explosive night of their entire relationship. It was as if the time spent apart had prevented them from burning up all of their energy and it was all being released at once in that very moment.
 Jo fell asleep in Ian’s arms unbelievably content as he kissed the top of her head. She slept so soundly and so deeply that in the morning when Ian went down stairs to make her an apology breakfast, she didn’t hear him get up. When she finally did stir, she felt very groggy and her eyes were unfocused. She felt someone staring at her from the foot of the bed. As she tried to focus her eyes, she made out the figure of a dark haired woman but she had a hard time making out who it was.
 “Isabella?” She asked unsure.
 “Wrong!” said the figure, as she lunged headlong at Jo.
Jo heard a crash and a thud, and the next thing she knew, Ian was at the foot of the bed staring at the woman he had just thrown across the room.
 “Ian sweetheart, that’s not a very nice way to treat me after all of these years.” The voice was so silky, and the woman stood up. She was stunning. Her straight dark hair fell just to her shoulders and her eyes were as dark as ebony. She had the same chiseled look that Ian had. Her face was mesmerizing.
 “What the hell are you doing here?” Ian was beside himself.
 “I just wanted to see you that’s all. I’m jealous it looks like you’ve replaced me.” She stole a quick glance at Jo who was too stunned to say a word.
“I don’t know what you want or what you’re up to, but you need to leave right now,” Ian’s chest heaved.
 “You’re hurting my feelings Ian. Aren’t you happy to see me?”
 “No!”
 “Alright I’ll go…for now. But I do find all of this so very amusing,” she said looking up from under her long eyelashes.
 “What is it that you find so amusing?”
 “Well Ian, I can understand how Marcus ended up with a human, being so darn sensitive and all of that. But never in all of my years would I have guessed that you would have fallen for a witch.” And with that she was gone.
 “Ian, who the hell was that?” Jo finally choked out.
 “That,” Ian said, “would be Mia.”



CHAPTER 6
MIA

 “Who is Mia? And why on earth did she say that you’ve fallen for a witch?” 
 “Because I have,” Ian said plainly.
 “Is that why you didn’t want us to see each other, so you could see somebody else?” Jo looked utterly betrayed. She jumped up and started gathering her Clothes.
 “Jo please sit down, I think that it’s time we finished the conversation about my past.”
 “Ian Marcellus if you think that I am going to sit here and listen to your excuses about why you were seeing some one else the one day that you were not with me then you are very much mistaken.” Jo was so angry she was shaking with rage.
 “Jo please listen to me. This is very important.”
 “Who is she Ian? Who was Mia talking about? Who means so much to you that you couldn’t wait to toss me aside?”
 “Please sit down and I’ll tell you everything,” Ian spoke gently and patiently.
 Jo sat down on the bed next to him and Ian turned toward her so he could look her square in the face. She did not look at him but stared at the ground. He reached up and gently turned her face toward him. Once again he saw a flash of something in her eyes.
 “What do you want to know first?” he asked her.
 “I want to know who Mia was talking about. Who have you fallen for?”
 Ian took a deep breath and smiled.
 “I really don’t find any of this funny Ian,” Jo’s eyes flared.
 “Jo, she was talking about you.” Ian smiled at Jo’s expression.
 “Oh please. She said you’d fallen for a witch, a witch, Ian. I think I would know if I was a witch.”
 “Not necessarily, “Ian began.
Jo stood up. “This is ridiculous.”
 “Jo we need to figure this out together. Please sit down so I can talk to you.” Jo could see the desperation in Ian’s eyes. He pulled her down next to him, “There’s no one else…just you,” he said and then he kissed her sweetly.
 “Humph.” Was all she could get out.
 “Although I don’t trust Mia she does know quite a lot, and if she says that you’re a witch then you are most definitely a witch. It is possible to be a witch and not know it. There must have been a witch or witches somewhere in your family tree and the gene has just been lying dormant for a great number of years. Some witches never find out about their gift at all. If your family hasn’t produced a witch for decades or centuries, then it would have been forgotten about or maybe even hidden, and therefore there was no one to tell you. Usually if there is no one to tell the witch of her powers and how to use them they will lay latent until something brings them out or she dies never knowing they existed at all.”
 “What do you mean?” Jo spoke calmly now but she was still extremely skeptical.
“From what I’ve seen and heard there has to be some dire need or even desire, something so desperate that the powers just come out. If a witch didn’t know she had them it can really be quite frightening when it happens.”
 “Okay, so how does Mia know that I am a witch and why do you believe her? I haven’t shown any signs of magical powers.”
 “Yes you have,” Jo opened her mouth to speak but Ian raised his hand to quiet her. “When I walked in last night and you were so absolutely enraged with me I saw something. I saw flames flare up in your eyes and I saw the same thing just a minute ago. Last night I thought it was just my imagination but after what Mia said I believe it.”
“This is just a little much,” Jo looked at Ian as if she were waiting for him to tell her that he was joking.
“I know it is,” he put his arm around her. “You know this might explain the connection between us, the reason why we’re so drawn to each other. It could have something to do with your hidden powers.”
 Jo let out a laugh, “That sounds so absurd.”
 “I know some one we can talk to about this, she may have some answers for us.” Ian stood.
 “Oh no, wait just a minute. I’m not finished. You still haven’t told about Mia, I assume she’s a vampire.”
 Ian scowled as he took a chair and placed it in front of the bed facing Jo. He really didn’t want to discuss Mia but he thought it would be better if Jo knew everything that had happened in his past, and after all, she had every right to know.
“Yes Mia is a vampire, a very old one at that. She must be close to three hundred years old, which makes her very powerful and very resourceful. This is why I’m inclined to believe that you are indeed a witch. She must know something that we don’t.”
 “Did you know her before you became a vampire?” Jo’s eyes were wide.
 Ian nodded, “She’s the one that turned Marcus and I.”
 “What?”
 “I met Mia when I was twenty five she was as you see her now, very beautiful and I had no idea at the time what she was. I arrived home one day and noticed her standing on the porch. She told me that she had just gotten into town and that her horse was tired and thirsty, if I could tend to him. I of course did as she asked. She stayed near as I tended to her horse asking all kinds of questions about my family and the estate. She batted her eyes and played with her hair and she had me completely bewildered.
From that day on she would meet with me every afternoon and we would spend hours and hours together. I never told any one I was seeing her, we saw each other secretly for months on end.” He paused for a second and then continued, “I was deeply in love with her as I thought she was with me. I told her that I would save up enough money to provide a good life for us and that I would always take care of her. But as it turns out I wasn’t the one she wanted. She had been seeing Joseph in secret as well, spending her afternoons with me, and her nights with him. She had only been using me for information and was just waiting for the right time to approach Joseph so that she could use her mind control to make him fall in love with her.
Joseph had been engaged to a pretty young girl who was the daughter of a banker; they were to be married the following month. Once Mia was finished with Joseph he was lucky to remember the poor girl’s name and had of course called the entire wedding off, much to the dismay of the banker’s family and to my father’s great disappointment.
My father was a congressman and he became very wealthy and with the wealth came great power. He was very much respected and had a lot of influence over the people here. There was a day when he became ill, he had gotten progressively worse and he wanted Joseph to take his place. And so Joseph spent his days with my father meeting important people and learning about all of my father’s dealings and he continued spending his nights with Mia.
 Mia had come to town after leaving a bloody trail behind her all over the globe. She wanted to settle here in Bromsgrove and play the part of a respectable wife of a prominent member of this town. She wanted to earn people’s respect and trust, I have no doubt she would have used her position and power to her advantage. She had planned to make a fresh start; I suppose she thought that by being married into such a respectable family no one would ever suspect her when people started to turn up missing.
We later found out that Mia had been slowly poisoning my father in order for Joseph to take his place and thanks to Mia’s heavy hand, he passed away before she and Joseph had actually gotten married. She thought that with her charm and beauty Joseph would without a doubt fall in love with her even without her control. She never doubted herself for a minute; she believed that she was so plainly desirable that Joseph would never deny her. So she released him from her power and told him what she was and promised to give him the same everlasting life that she possessed in exchange for his loyalty.”
Jo hadn’t realized that she was on the edge of the bed and nearly slipped off. “He didn’t!” She said breathlessly.
 “No Jo he didn’t. When he found out what Mia had done to my father he was beyond rage. He told her that he would never marry a monster like her and if she didn’t leave at that very moment he would tell the entire town what she was and what she had done. Mia was at this point just as enraged as Joseph, she could not believe how he could not have fallen for her as easily as his silly little brother had.
 “What did she do?” Jo’s anticipation was apparent. 
 “She tied him to a chair in my father’s study then dragged me and Marcus into the room, when he still refused her, she bit us most savagely. She told him that we would now become the monsters that he seemed to despise so much. When he still refused to marry her she drove a poker through his heart and snapped our necks. She was long gone by the time we came to, and we haven’t seen her since.” Ian stopped and he hung his head in complete sadness.
 Jo reached out and pulled him on the bed next to her, she held his head to her chest and cradled him for a few moments. “Ian, I’m so sorry,” she whispered softly.
 “That’s all in the past now,” he straightened himself, “my only question is what is she doing here? She must want something. I need to tell Marcus.” Ian stood up composing himself. “Call Anna and tell her you won’t be in, I’m going to need you with me,” he handed her the phone. “We just have to make one stop on the way.”
 It was early spring and the sidewalks were covered with slushy puddles, the air was still cool but the sun shone down slowly warming the day. Jo shivered as they walked into the small shop of natural remedies, she wasn’t completely sure if it was because of the damp weather or because of the shop itself. It was a nice place with a very earthy feel and the smell inside was a mixture of lavender and vanilla. The jars that lined the walls were in neat rows and everything seemed to be very well organized. Jo had an electrified sensation as she stood looking around; the hairs on her arms stood up and her whole body tingled.
 There was a pretty red headed woman behind the counter; she looked to be in her mid-forties and it seemed she kept herself in good shape. She was speaking to a gentleman about a jar of some sort of ointment, all the while stealing harassed glances at Ian and Jo.
 “Why is she looking at us like that?”
 “It’s me she’s looking at like that. She doesn’t like me very much,” Ian said shrugging.
 “Why not?” Jo whispered.
 “Well to make a long story short, Lena has a niece and I didn’t find out it was her niece until it was too late, hence the dirty looks.”
“So why are we here if she doesn’t even like you?” Jo pressed.
 “Because Lena is a witch and she is the only one that I know who can help us.”
 Jo glanced around to make sure that nobody could hear them, “She’s a witch?”
“Yep, a really good one.”
 A booming voice sounded from across the room in harmony with the tinkling bell that signaled the front door closing. “Ian Marcellus how dare you show your face in my store!”
 Ian took Jo’s hand and approached the counter. “Lena, it’s always so nice to see you.”
 “Don’t you use that line with me! You have a lot of nerve coming in here,” Lena said as she pointed her finger at Ian.
 “I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t important,” Ian gave her a meaningful look.
 “What is it? Make it quick I have work to do.”
“Mia is here.”
 “Mia Medea?” Lena’s brilliant green eyes widened to the size of saucers.
 “Yep, the one and only.”
 Lena looked like she had only just realized that Jo was standing there, “Who’s this?”
 “Oh sorry, Lena Mayfair, meet Jo Montgomery. Jo this is Lena.”
 Jo reached out to shake Lena’s hand and as her skin came into contact with Lena’s she felt a sudden surge run through her and Lena let out a gasp.
 “You!” Lena exclaimed breath taken.
 “What about me?” Jo asked puzzled.
 Lena suddenly became very anxious, glancing around the shop. She came out from behind the counter and ushered the two of them to the door. “I cannot answer your questions right now,” she said as she glanced over her shoulder. “I will meet you at your house in one hour,” she said to Ian, “we have much to discuss.”
 Ian turned wanting an explanation, but Lena only repeated herself, “One hour.” Then she closed and locked the door behind them.
 “That was interesting,” Ian said, still staring at the door to Lena’s shop in contemplation.
 “More like rude,” Jo replied.
 “She knows something…and she knows you’re a witch.”
 “How could she?”
 “Didn’t you see her reaction when you shook her hand?”
 “Yes I did,” Jo admitted.
 “We should go and fill Marcus in before Lena comes. I want him to be prepared.” Ian took out his cell phone and called Marcus telling him to stay put.
 When Ian and Jo entered the house, Ian groaned. “Isabella you’re here too, how nice.”
“I thought she should hear what you have to say. It sounded urgent,” Marcus responded before Isabella could reply.
 “It is. Actually I think Isabella’s input could be useful,” Ian said surprising everyone including himself.
 “Jo!” Isabella just noticed her come in behind Ian, “We’re so glad to see you.”
 “Yes we are,” said Marcus pleasantly. “Come in and sit down, we’ve been wanting a word with you.”
 “What about?” Jo asked as she took a seat on the couch. Ian came and sat next to her on the arm.
 Isabella began, “We wanted to apologize for our behavior at Patricia’s party, we were completely out of line.”
 “Yes you were,” Ian answered.
Jo gave Ian a look. “I would like to apologize as well. I overreacted.”
 “They deserved it,” Ian stated plainly.
 Marcus began to speak but Ian cut him off, “Mia is here.”
 Jo would never have believed that it was possible for Marcus to look so angry. His body stiffened and his face looked veined. She saw his eyes bulge in disgusted anger and his lip snarled revealing his fangs.
 “Marcus please we have company,” Ian said bringing him back to his senses.
 “How do you know?” Marcus asked gritting his teeth.
 This time Jo spoke,” We’ve seen her.”
 “Then you’ve had the pleasure of meeting my aunt,” Isabella said to Jo.
 “You’re aunt?”
 “Actually my great, great, great,” Isabella was counting out on her fingers, “great, great, great…”
 “I think she gets the point,” Ian said rolling his eyes.
 Jo suddenly remembered something, “That’s why I thought it was you!” She told Isabella.
 “You thought Mia was me? But we’re so plainly different.”
 “Yes you are,” noted Jo, “but I had just woken up and everything was still fuzzy and when I looked up and saw her standing there, I thought it was you.”
 “Maybe it was just your witchy instincts,” Ian gave Jo a wink. Then seeing Marcus and Isabella exchanging glances, he added, “Mia told us that Jo is a witch.”
 “Really?” said Isabella with obvious excitement.
 “That’s one of the things we wanted to discuss with you. Lena will be joining us any minute. I’m hoping she’ll have some answers,” Ian said.
 “You spoke to Lena and you’re still in one piece? Impressive,” Marcus said bowing his head to Ian.
 “We stopped by to talk to her before we came here. She definitely knows something, she nearly threw us out of the shop.”
 “Nearly?” Jo exclaimed, “She did throw us out.”
 The doorbell rang and Ian got up to answer it. Isabella took advantage of his absence and leaned towards Jo. “We really are happy that you came Jo. I hope that you’ll spend a lot more time around here.”
 Jo smiled at her in acknowledgement. She liked both Marcus and Isabella. And even though Ian complained about the two of them she got the feeling that he was very fond of them both as well.
 Lena entered the room with Ian trailing behind her. She took a seat in the solitary armchair that stood between the two couches and Ian took up his seat next to Jo.
 “What do we do about Mia?” Ian asked no sooner than he had sat down.
Lena took a deep breath and eyed each of them in turn, lingering on Jo for a few seconds longer than everyone else. Jo was starting to feel uncomfortable. She felt like this was the beginning of an interrogation and she got the feeling that she and Ian would have to explain their bizarre connection. It seemed obvious to her now that her meeting Ian, her being a witch and Mia being in town were all somehow related.
 Lena began, “I can’t tell you anything for certain, and I will have to do a bit more research before I have all of the facts, but I can tell you what I know to be true and what I believe to be true.” She paused and glanced at Jo again but this time she held her gaze. “I believe that Mia is after Jo.”
 “What!” Jo gasped, “Me? Why me? I don’t even know her.”
 “Jo I know that this is going to be very difficult for you to understand. Before you can deal with any of it you need to come to terms with the fact that you are a witch, and from what I gather, you are the witch.”
 Jo stared at her bewildered and a little frightened. Ian noticed her expression and placed his hand on her shoulder. “Lena please continue,” he said.
 “There is a book of ancient texts that speaks of a powerful witch who will come and rid this land of evil. I won’t know the exact wording until I find the proper segments; in any case I think that Jo is that witch and Mia is that evil. I also believe that Mia already knows of these writings and is either looking for answers or for a conformation to her suspicions.”
Jo spoke her voice shaking, “How can you possibly think that it’s me?”
 “Jo I know you felt the same thing I did when we shook hands, that was the feeling of magic meeting magic. The feeling I get from you is no ordinary feeling; it is very powerful. I know this must be overwhelming for you but it will come with time.” She looked at Jo very kindly. “Before I go any further I need to know everything. It is odd enough indeed to have a vampire and a witch attracted to each other, and you obviously had no idea about your powers until very recently,” she said to Jo. “I have to know how this all came about, having all the details will help me find what I’m looking for more readily.”
 Ian and Jo took it in turns to fill the other three in on the last few months. They spoke of the magnetic pull they have to each other and the urgency to always be together. Ian told them how he tried to stay away from Jo but the impulse to see her was so overpowering and how Jo too couldn’t have taken another moment being away from Ian.
 Lena interrupted, “I need to ask a question. If the two of you had seen each other before the day in the café, then what was so special about that day? Why hadn’t you been drawn to each other before then? You need to think about exactly what you were doing at the time you felt this pull.” She looked to Ian first.
 Ian spoke hesitantly, “I was…with a friend.”
“You don’t have any fr…” Isabella cut off mid sentence as Marcus gave her one of his looks.
 “I was getting ready to leave,” Ian continued glaring at Isabella, “when I felt this overwhelming urge to go to the café. And you all know how strange that is.”
 Lena looked at Jo, “Did you do anything out of the ordinary that day? Think hard about what you were doing at the time you felt the need to go to your shop.”
 Jo thought about what she had done that morning before heading to work, with all that had been going on she forgot all about what she was doing that day. Then the look of realization was all over her face. Could that be the key? She looked up at Lena pondering the possibility.
 “Something happened that day didn’t it?” Lena kept Jo’s gaze, “And I can bet it’s something that has much significance in all of this.”
 Jo nodded, “My divorce was finalized that morning.”
 Lena looked thoughtful and relaxed her gaze on Jo. “That explains it then doesn’t it?”
 “I’m sorry Lena but I don’t understand what my divorce has to do with any of this.”
 “Your divorce to Dean has everything to do with this. Don’t you see Jo?” She leaned closer and began to explain, “Magic works in very literal terms most times, and while you were bound to Dean in marriage you could not have a connection to Ian. But as soon as that tie was severed your pull to Ian was free to manifest itself.”
 Ian seemed to be mulling everything over quietly, “Okay,” he said, “I can understand the significance of the divorce, but why the café? Why didn’t I feel like heading to the bookstore instead?”
 Lena sat back in her chair, “I assume that Jo had planned on going straight to the café after she had finalized her divorce,” she looked to Jo for confirmation. Jo gave a slight nod and Lena continued, “You see, Jo already knew where she was going which in turn triggered your inclination to be there, and so strengthened her urgency.” She paused and shook her head very slightly, “This certainly is an odd connection you have, this strange pull to each other.”
“Well actually there’s more,” Ian looked to Jo as if asking for permission to continue.
 “If we expect Lena to help us I think it’s best we get everything out in the open,” Jo said, looking slightly embarrassed.
 “Jo and I have more of a connection than just the pull we feel to each other; we have a sort of mental connection as well,” Ian stated.
 “How so?” Lena asked completely at attention.
 “Well Jo can relay certain feelings to me, like the night at Patricia’s party when she was talking to Marcus and Isabella. I wanted to go over and pull her away from them but I got this feeling and I knew it was coming from Jo. She didn’t want me to interrupt and I just knew it without her saying a word to me,” he again glanced at Jo quickly then continued, “and when Jo has certain thoughts I can see what’s going through her mind and I can feel certain sensations emanating from those thoughts.”
 “You can actually feel what she’s thinking?” Lena asked her eyebrows furrowed. “So lets say for instance that she thought about slapping you, you would be able to feel it.”
 “Yes,” Ian answered.
 “That’s so cool!” Isabella chimed, no doubt wishing Ian could have felt the many times she had slapped him in her own mind.
 “Wait just a second,” Marcus began, “you mean you can see and feel anything she thinks about? Anything?”
“Well at first I could only glimpse when she thought about the two of us, together. But that sort of evolved after our first night together.”
“Is that why you always have that stupid grin on your face?” Marcus said with a sort of disgusted look.
 “Yep,” Ian smiled widely and bent to kiss Jo on the head.
 “I would really like to see that,” Lena said. “Do you mind if we do a little experiment?”
 Lena had Ian and Marcus go into the study down the hall and told Isabella and Jo to stay where they were. “Now,” she said standing part way between the two rooms, “I’m going to put up a sound barrier so you can’t hear each other. When I do, Jo I want you to relay your thoughts to Ian and tell Isabella what it is you are relaying. Ian I want you to tell Marcus everything you are seeing.”
 Lena closed her eyes and after a minute signaled that she was ready for them to begin.
 Isabella turned to Jo, “I want you to really torture him.”
 “Oh I will, but not in the way that you mean.”
Isabella pouted slightly as Jo closed her eyes and pictured herself walking up to Ian.
“I’m staring at him,” she told Isabella, “now I’m slowly going to unbutton his shirt.”
 Marcus stared at his brother in the dim light of the study, “Well what’s she doing?”
 Ian closed his eyes, “She’s staring at me,” and then he smiled, “now she’s undoing my shirt.”
 “You can really see that?”
 “Yes, and now she’s sliding my shirt off of my shoulders and kissing my chest,” his smile got wider.
 “Now I’m kissing his neck,” Jo said in the other room, “and his chin and his lips.”
 “Couldn’t you at least bite him really hard or something?” Isabella said disappointed that Jo was clearly not going to hurt Ian.
 “Shhh,” Jo continued, “now I’m whispering in his ear.”
 In the study Marcus was amazed, “You can feel what she’s doing? Really?”
 Ian nodded, “Now she’s whispering in my ear.” His eyes suddenly flew open and the look on his face was unreadable.
 “What’s the matter?” Said Marcus anxiously. “What did she do?”
 “Nothing,” Ian said, his jaw tight. “I think we’re done.”
 Lena walked into the study with Jo and Isabella behind her; she took a seat, as did Marcus and Isabella. Ian stood rooted to his spot in the center of the room and Jo walked up to him and stood directly in front of him so that they were face to face.
 “Okay,” Lena said,” Ian I want you to tell us what you saw and Marcus and Isabella will see if what Jo said and what you saw are indeed identical.
 Ian began slowly with his eyes locked to Jo’s. “Fist Jo stared at me for a minute, then she unbuttoned my shirt,” as Ian spoke Jo went through the motions and unbuttoned Ian’s shirt. “Then she slid my shirt off and kissed me. First on the chest, then on the neck, then my chin, and then my mouth.” Jo went through the motions kissing each as he spoke it, she lingered on his lips for a long moment.
 “Is that what they relayed to the two of you?” Lena asked Marcus and Isabella, and they nodded in agreement then turned their attention back to Ian.
 Jo and Ian did not take their eyes off of each other. It was as if they were all alone with no one else in the room.
 Ian hesitated and reluctantly continued. He suddenly wished that he had not agreed to this little experiment. “Then,” he paused, “then she whispered in my ear.”
 “Wait a second, you actually heard her?” Lena looked amazed.
 Ian did not speak; he only nodded, still staring Jo deep in the eyes.
 “You didn’t say that you heard her,” said Marcus looking to Isabella for confirmation. Isabella shook her head to indicate that Jo had not told her what she whispered in Ian’s ear. No one spoke for a few minutes and Ian and Jo just stood lost in their own world with eyes for no one but each other.
 Isabella lost her patience and rolled her eyes in exasperation, “Well, are you going to tell us what she said?”
 “She said,” Ian began without moving so much as a muscle, and he and Jo spoke the words together, “I love you Ian Marcellus.” Still they did not move; they just stood there in the middle of the room ignoring the other three.
 “Say it again,” Ian said to Jo.
 “I love you Ian Marcellus,” Jo said still gazing in his eyes.
 Ian bent forward and kissed her, “Say it again.”
 “I love you Ian Marcellus.”
 Ian kissed her again this time picking her up off of her feet and walking with her out of the study.
 “Where are you guys going?” Isabella asked.
 Ian and Jo completely ignored her as they headed down the hall. Marcus pulled Isabella back down as she made to follow them, “Let them go,” he said softly. 
Ian was so light on his feet that his footsteps could not be heard as he carried Jo towards the staircase, but his faint voice did make it’s way into the silence of the study as he once again spoke to the woman in his arm, “Say it again.”



CHAPTER 7
PROPHECY

Jo sat at the edge of the expansive bed putting on her shoes, she was dressed and ready to leave
 “Do you have to leave right now?” Ian asked still lying back. 
 “I’d like to get home before Clair.” She turned and lay on her stomach so she could look at him, “I really want you to meet her. You are the two most important people in my life and I want you to get to know each other.”
 “I would love to meet her.” Ian knew that Jo had been thinking about asking him to meet Clair but he figured it would be best if she were the one to bring it up.
 “I thought maybe you could have dinner with us tomorrow,” Jo said.
 Ian got out of bed and started to get dressed. “That sounds good. You know this makes things easier for us, I won’t have to keep sneaking in and out, and with all that we heard Lena say, I want to stick close to you.”
Jo got up and went over to him and started buttoning his shirt, “You still have to be sneaky for at least one more night.”
Marcus and Isabella were in the kitchen talking when Jo and Ian came in.
 “I take it Lena left,” Ian said as he looked around.
 “Did you expect her to wait?” Marcus asked raising his eyebrows.
 “No I guess not. Did she say anything else before she left?”
 “She’s going to look through the book of ancient texts and see what she can find, then she’ll meet with us again.”
“I’ve got to get going,” Jo said as she picked up her coat, “I’ll talk to you all later.”
Ian walked her to the door. “I’ll be by when Clair goes to bed,” he said pulling her close.
“I can’t wait,” she said kissing him softly.
 “I love you Jo Montgomery.”
“And I love you Ian Marcellus.”
When Clair came home from school Jo was standing in the kitchen in front of the stove. She was making Clair’s favorite, steak with baked potato and salad.
 “Hey you’re home,” Clair said sounding pleasantly surprised and inhaling deeply to take in the aroma.
 “I thought I’d make you dinner and we can talk. There’s something I need to discuss with you.”
 “I cleaned my room yesterday!” Clair said, a bit agitated. If there was one thing that the two of them did argue about it was Clair’s inability to use a hamper.
 “It’s not about your room,” Jo said, as she put dinner out on the table.
 “Oh, what is it then? Is everything alright?” Clair’s agitation turned to concern.
 Jo sat down and starting cutting a piece of steak; she was nervous about how Clair would react to her dating. She had no doubt that Clair would like Ian but she was worried what she would think about the age difference. She hesitated for a minute.
 “Come on mom, what is it?”
Jo put down her fork, “I’m seeing someone, and I’d like you to meet him,” she said rather quickly.
“I knew it! I knew something was going on!” Clair exclaimed.
 “Are you upset?”
 “Why should I be?” Clair said, taking a bite of potato.
 “I just wasn’t sure how you’d feel about it,” Jo said
 “I think it’s great. What’s he like?”
 “Well, he’s fairly tall, dark hair, amazingly blue eyes,” Jo smiled thinking about Ian and she noticed Clair watching her, “I should warn you he’s a bit younger than me.”
 “How much younger?” Clair looked slyly at her mother.
 “Twelve years,” Jo mumbled, looking at her plate.
 Clair began calculating in her head, “He’s twenty six?” Her Jaw dropped, “Way to go mom!”
 Jo looked up suddenly, “That doesn’t bother you?” She asked.
“No, I think it’s awesome!”
 Jo was so relieved, she suddenly felt giddy. “I asked him to have dinner with us tomorrow, is that too soon?”
 “That’s perfect,” Clair paused for a minute to finish chewing then gave her mother a sideways look, “is he hot?”
 “Clair!”
 “Oh come on, is he?”
 “He’s so hot,” Jo said raising her eyebrows, and the two of them broke out in hysterical laughter.
 They continued talking throughout dinner and Clair seemed genuinely happy that Jo had found someone to spend her time with. She always felt guilty leaving her mother alone when she was at her father’s, and now Jo would have some one to keep her company when Clair was away.
 The phone rang and Clair went to answer it. Jo sat on the couch, she was so happy. Ian and Clair were the two people in the world who meant the most to her and it was a relief to finally be able to talk to Clair about Ian. She heard Clair going through homework assignments on the phone and figured she must be talking to Tanya. Jo flicked on the TV and curled up, not even noticing what was on. Her thoughts settled on their meeting with Lena and she wondered if Lena would be able to come up with any answers. It had been such an overwhelming day, meeting Mia, finding out she was a witch and that she could possibly be the one that Mia was after.
 Jo’s thoughts drifted as they so often did back to Ian. They had only been apart for half of the day, but she missed him desperately. She wished that she was curled up in his arms, she always felt safe with him. The next minute she was kissing his soft lips.
 “Why didn’t you go up to bed?’ She hazily heard Ian’s voice. It took her a minute to realize that he was carrying her up the stairs.
 “Where’s Clair?”
 “She’s sleeping. You must have dozed off on the couch.”
 Ian pushed Jo’s bedroom door open with his foot and sidled into the room. He set her down on her bed. “Do you want me to put your pajamas on for you?” He asked suggestively.
 “Do I need pajamas?” She retorted
 “I don’t believe you do,” he said as he jumped in the bed next to her and they both giggled like little children.
 “Shhh, we don’t want to wake Clair,” Jo said.
 “Did you tell her I was coming for dinner?”
 “Yes, she’s very excited to meet you.”
 “I’m looking forward to meeting her as well,” he said as he brushed Jo’s hair from her face.
 “Oh my God!” Jo blurted out, “Clair!”
 “What?” Ian was confused, “What about Clair?”
 “What if Mia goes after Clair?” Jo’s eyes were full of terror.
Why did she not think of this earlier? Mia had after all killed Ian’s father and brother when she didn’t get what she wanted. What was to stop her from going after Clair, or anyone Jo loved for that matter?
 “Calm down,” Ian soothed as he stroked her hair. “She hasn’t gone after her yet and she could have very easily. How about I keep an eye on her tonight and then tomorrow we can talk to Lena and get her input.”
 “Ian, if anything happens to her I don’t know what I’ll do,” Jo said her eyes filling with tears.
 “Hey,” he said, still stroking her hair, “I promise I won’t let anything happen to her. Remember she is the daughter of a very powerful wi...” Ian stopped mid sentence turning quickly in stunned realization.
Jo eyed him, “Are you saying what I think you’re saying?” She asked, her heart now pounding in her chest.
 “It’s possible.”
 “How would we know?” Jo asked with pleading eyes.
Ian leaned his forehead against Jo’s, “We’ll talk to Lena in the morning, maybe she can tell us something. But Jo you must be prepared, there is a very good chance that you have passed it onto her.”
Jo sat in quiet contemplation as Ian held her, lost in his own thoughts. Jo considered the idea of Clair being a witch; Ian was right, it was possible. She had not even begun to realize her own powers yet, how could she even begin to tell Clair any of this? Where would she begin? She was so deep in thought and the next thing she knew Ian was shaking her gently to wake her.
 “Is it morning already?” Jo said blearily.
 “It is. Did you sleep well?”
 “Yes surprisingly. Where’s Clair?” She sat up suddenly.
 “She’s in the shower, she’s fine,” Ian said sitting next to her. “Are you going to work today or will you be joining me at Lena’s?”
Jo was torn; she felt that she had been neglecting the café, even though she trusted Anna and Stephanie implicitly, she still liked to oversee the running of things. But talking to Lena was very important. She needed answers about Mia, about herself and now about Clair.
 “I think I’ll be coming with you, well I’ll meet you there in any case. I‘ll feel better if I drop Clair off at school and then stop by the café and talk to Anna. I can meet you there as soon as I’m finished.”
 “I really don’t like you out of my sight,” Ian said.
 “It won’t be for long,” Jo heard footsteps in the hallway, “you have to leave before she sees you. Go!”
 Ian kissed her and then he was gone.
 There was a knock at the door just as the window clicked shut and Clair’s head peaked in.
 “I see you made it upstairs,” she said as she came in and sat on the end of Jo’s bed.
 “Why didn’t you wake me up?” 
 “You looked so comfortable I didn’t want to disturb you.”
 Jo sat up, “Give me a chance to get ready and I’ll drive you to school before I stop by the café.” She didn’t even give Clair a chance to respond.
 “Don’t forget Ian’s having dinner with us tonight,” Jo reminded Clair as she pulled up in front of the school.
 “Can’t wait to meet him,” Clair said, as she opened the car door. “I’m really happy for you mom,” she said planting a kiss on her mother’s cheek and getting out of the car.
 When Jo got to the café it was fairly quiet. Anna and Stephanie were behind the counter preparing fresh coffee and filling empty sugar bowls.
 “Hi Jo,” Stephanie said with a smile, “we missed you yesterday.”
“Unfortunately I’m not sticking around today either, I have some personal business to take care of, I just need to speak to Anna in my office for a minute.”
 Anna looked up; she looked as if she thought Jo was about to fire her.
 Jo smiled at her, “It will only take a minute.”
 Anna followed Jo into the office and waited for her to sit down behind her desk.
 “Have a seat Anna.” Jo motioned a chair.
Anna sat and looked at Jo with her eyes wide.
 “Anna you have been working for me for a while now and I’ve grown to trust you and even to rely on you, which is why I need to ask a favor of you?”
 “Yes of course, what do you need?’ Jo could see the relief in her expression.
 “Well I’m afraid I will have to rely on you a little more than I usually do. I have some personal business that needs tending to and although I will be in and out of the shop periodically I’ll need someone here to fill in for me. Do you think that this is something that you would be interested in doing?”
 “Oh yes, absolutely! I would love too,” Anna chimed.
 “I will of course increase your pay and if you feel the need, I’ll hire another girl to help out.”
 “I think that Stephanie and I can handle things,” Anna was just beaming.
 “Okay so we’ll leave things the way they are for now but if you’re feeling overwhelmed, you just let me know and I’ll make other arrangements,” Jo said as she stood.
 “Yes okay. You don’t have to worry Jo I’ll do a good job,” Anna said as she made to leave.
 “I know you will,” Jo said, “Can you send Stephanie in for me?”
 A minute later Stephanie came into the office looking just as nervous as Anna had.
 “Please sit down,” Jo said as she sat on the edge of her desk. “I just want to fill you in on what will be going on over the next few weeks. I have just explained to Anna that I will not be in the shop very often for a little while and I have asked her to fill in for me,” Jo looked at Stephanie smiling. “I wanted you to know that I am very fond of you and I find you just as capable and just as responsible as Anna. But seeing as Anna has been working for me much longer than you have, I thought it only fair that she run things while I’m away. I will be very grateful if you can help her as much as you can in my absence.
 “Of course Jo, you don’t have to worry about anything. We’ll take good care of the café for you,” Stephanie said kindly.
 “Thank you Stephanie, I really do appreciate both of your help. Now I really must be going,” Jo said glancing at her watch.
Jo followed Stephanie out to the café and gave the girls a few last minute instructions. She told them she would be in to do some paperwork every so often and she turned to leave. Just before she reached the door she noticed a man sitting by himself with a newspaper obstructing his face.
 “If you expect not to be noticed in a coffee shop, you should at least order a cup of coffee,” Jo said sitting opposite him.
 “I never touch the stuff,” Ian said lowering his paper. “Did you think I was going to let you out of my sight all morning?”
 “It’s only been an hour and a half,” Jo said. “Have you spoken to Lena?”
 “I called her five minutes ago, she’s waiting for us. Marcus and Isabella will be joining us as well.”
 The two of them made their way over to Lena’s store. When they entered Lena turned her sign to CLOSED and locked the door. She led them to a long stretch of wall at the back of the shop, and then she turned to face the wall and placed her hand against it. Lena closed her eyes and began to chant under her breath.
Jo could not understand why they were just standing here at the back of the shop; she had so many questions to ask Lena and they were wasting time. She began to fidget and Ian glanced at her, willing her to be patient.
 Lena continued her chanting, and then she suddenly stopped and took a step backwards. A piece of the wall seemed to be moving, it was sliding open allowing them entry into a wide room, and as soon as they had stepped through, the door slid closed behind them. The room was dim; there was a long wooden table in the center where Marcus and Isabella sat thumbing through papers. There were beaded shawls draped all around and a collection of large cushions was piled in one corner. There was a single over sized couch along the back wall covered in colorful smaller cushions and little tables were scattered about covered in the same beaded shawls that hung on the walls.
 “This is beautiful,” Jo said in complete admiration.
 “Have a seat,” said Lena, “we have a few things to discuss.”
Jo and Ian each took a seat at the large table. There were books and papers scattered everywhere, Jo noticed that much of them were old and discolored. Some contained drawings, others illustrations and some contained writing that Jo could not make out.
 “First thing’s first,” Lena said handing Jo a Small Box.
Jo looked puzzled but took the box and opened it. Inside was the most beautiful stone Jo had ever seen. It was carved so intricately and was the most vibrant shade of blue. She picked it up noticing how incredibly smooth it was.
 “What is this?” Jo asked.
 “That is an amulet and it is for your daughter to wear. When Ian called he told me that you were worried about Clair’s safety. Although after looking through my books I am fairly certain that Mia cannot touch Clair as she is bound to you by blood, but I can understand your concern as her mother. I have made this amulet of Lapis Lazuli for her to wear and added my own protective spell to it; as long as she wears that amulet you do not need to concern yourself with Mia hurting your daughter.”
 “Oh Lena, thank you so much,” Jo was truly grateful. “What about my sister and her family, do you think that they’re safe?”
 “Like I said I am fairly certain that anyone who is bound to you is safe from harm against Mia. To tell you the truth I think she will be spending all of her energy on you,” She looked at Jo then continued, “Now let’s move on, shall we?”
 “Have you found anything?” Ian questioned.
 “I have found a passage in the ancient text that I think relative, but I still need to work out its full meaning. That is why I have asked Marcus and Isabella to join us. It will be easier to decipher with five of us rather than three,” Lena stated.
 “Where’s this passage?” Ian asked.
 Isabella handed Lena a book. She was very careful in handling it, as it was very old and frail. The cover was leather and worn with embossed symbols that Jo could not make out. The pages seemed to be of old parchment and this fact brought to realization, just how very old it must be.
 “This is a prophecy taken from the book of ancient text. I will read it to you and then we can work on deciphering the meaning piece by piece,” Lena said and then began to read.
“With the borrowing of darkness
 She will free the earth of evil
 Eyes of the fertile land
 Reflected in a sea of blue
 Changing of form to inject the light
 Returning the darkness from whence it came
 The final choice is hers alone.”
 Jo looked bewildered, “How will we ever decipher that? It just sounds like bits of a poem that were thrown together.”
 “We’ll take it one line at a time. Lena thinks that she knows what the first line means already,” Marcus said.
 They all looked to Lena waiting to hear her interpretation. “I think the first line ‘with the borrowing of darkness’ explains why you two have such an attraction,” Lena looked to Ian and then to Jo. “We could not figure out why the two of you would be so drawn to each other, vampires and witches do not usually enjoy each other’s company. But if we look to history we will find that there are times when magic, even good magic, needs a touch of darkness. Usually when the magic is being used against evil it will require something sinister to give it the power needed to vanquish that very evil. Jo you did not know you were a witch let alone a very powerful witch until you met Ian. I believe that you needed to borrow darkness in order for your powers to be realized. I think that’s where Ian comes into all of this and that would explain the attraction that brought you two together.”
“Wait a minute,” Ian looked at Lena, his jaw clenched, “Are you saying that in order for Jo to defeat Mia she had to borrow darkness, and that I am that darkness?”
 “I believe so,” Lena said nodding.
 “I’m sorry Lena, but I don’t know about that. I certainly don’t find anything dark about Ian.” Jo said.
 “Oh come on Jo,” said Isabella, “he’s a vampire!”
 “Do you think of Marcus as dark or evil?” Jo asked Isabella.
 Lena interjected, “Neither of you find either of them dark, but we’re not talking about what any of us think, we’re talking about what is. And the fact is that vampires are considered one of the darkest beings in existence. Let’s not let our personal feelings get in the way. We must remember to think in literal terms when putting these pieces together.”
 “Okay,” Marcus said, “let’s just assume that Lena’s right, what does the next line refer to? ‘Eyes of the fertile land reflected in a sea of blue’?”
 “Well,” said Isabella, “if we are speaking literally I would think of the fertile land as the earth and sea and sky…”
 Lena interrupted, “That’s not literal enough. ‘Fertile land reflected in a sea of blue’ it speaks of the sea separately and does not mention the sky at all.”
 “The fertile land, what do you think of when you hear fertile land?” Marcus asked.
“I think we’re forgetting something important here,” said Ian, “it says ‘eyes of the fertile land’. When I think of fertile land I think of land as it was before man came. I think of rich soil and grass and trees which in turn brings to mind the colors of the land, green and brown.” He stared at Jo, “eyes of the fertile land, eyes of brown and green, Jo’s eyes.”
 Lean suddenly slapped herself in the forehead. “Of course,” she said, “why didn’t I see it before?” She walked over to where Jo and Ian were sitting, and then she took each of their hands and stood them up then she turned them to face each other. They automatically gazed into each other’s eyes, although they had no idea what Lena was getting at. “Eyes of the fertile land reflected in a sea of blue!” She said matter-of-factly.
 “You’re right!” Gasped Marcus, “And that would confirm the first verse. Jo borrows darkness from Ian to free us of Mia, and her eyes reflected in his confirms the connection between them!”
 They all sat in quite contemplation for a few minutes, each lost in their own thoughts. Jo’s head was spinning. This was far too much information in such a short amount of time. It was all so unreal, like a dream. Vampires, witches, prophecies, it all sounded so absurd. How could they even be sure the prophecy was about her? She had not shown one shred of magical ability to prove that she was a witch. And what about the first part of this prophecy? She borrowed darkness from Ian to rid them of Mia and that’s why they have such a strong attraction. What if there was no Mia and no prophecy? Would that mean her and Ian would not be together? Was the only reason they were attracted to each other because she needed his so called darkness to get rid of Mia?
Jo felt a hand on her back that made her jump, “Are you alright?” Ian asked as he rubbed her back.
 “This is just a lot to take in,” she said forcing a smile.
 Lena leaned forward on the table, “I know that this is overwhelming Jo, but the more we know the better prepared we’ll be.”
 “Yes I know.”
 Isabella spoke this time; “Changing of form to inject the light, returning the darkness from whence it came.”
 “What the hell does that mean?” Ian exclaimed.
 “The rest is a little harder to figure out,” said Marcus.
 “Do I have to change something in order to return Mia to where she came from? ”Jo asked.
 “But change what?” Ian asked.
 “That’s what we need to figure out,” Lena stated
 “The last line is pretty straight forward, ‘the final choice is hers alone’. Only Jo can decide to defeat Mia no one can make the choice for her,” Isabella said.
 “I think you may be right. We just have to figure out what needs to be changed,” Lena said, “all in all, I think we have done well.”
 Ian was looking somber, “Are we done for today?” He asked looking around at them all.
 “Yes, I think that’s a good start. We can take some time to think over what we’ve found out, then we can meet again to see if there have been any more ideas. In the mean time I will continue to look for more information,” Lena said getting to her feet.
 Everyone stood and headed for the secret door. Lena placed her hand on the door and began her chant and the door slid open. As they began to step through, Lena spoke.
 “Jo can I have a word with you?”
 “Yes of course,” Jo said.
Ian looked curiously at Lena.
 “It’s okay Ian, I’ll be out in a minute,” Jo kissed him sweetly and patted his face, “just one minute okay?”
 Ian slowly let go of her hand and the door closed between them. Lena walked to the huge couch in the back of the room. “Have a seat Jo.”
 Jo sat down so that she could face Lena.
 “You have something you’d like to ask me?” Lena questioned
 “How do you know?” Jo asked and then realized whom she was talking to, “Ian said you were a good witch.”
 “And so are you, you just don’t know it yet,” Lena responded.
 “Lena, do you think the only reason that Ian and I are together is to fulfill this prophecy?” Jo asked desperately.
 “Jo I would not presume to know all in the matters of love,” she placed her hand on Jo’s. “It is possible that your attraction has everything to do with the prophecy and it is also possible that it has nothing to do with the prophecy. Only the two of you know what is between you, but if you want me to tell you for certain, I cannot,” she patted Jo’s hand.
 “What about Clair is she a witch?” Jo asked.
 “She is definitely a witch Jo, she is your daughter. The question is will she have the powers of a witch? That I cannot answer. As you have seen a witch’s powers can come out at anytime, and sometimes they never do at all.”
 “Do you think that I should tell her? About me being a witch and the possibility that she could be.”
 “That is a decision for you to make. Do keep in mind that knowing is always better than not knowing, but you are her mother and no one else has the right to decide except for you and whatever you decide to do will be the right decision,” Lena said patiently.
 “It doesn’t seem that you can tell me anything for certain,” Jo noted.
 “That’s because nothing is certain my dear. Things are changing all of the time and many factors influence our decisions, which in turn influence the path our lives will take. I do think however that it would be a good idea if you spent some time here with me maybe an hour or two each day. I will try and teach you all that I know and help you to hone your powers, although I can tell that you still don’t believe you have them,” Lena said looking kindly at Jo.
 “How can I?” Jo shrugged, “I haven’t shown so much as an inkling of magic.”
 “You first have to believe it. You cannot nurture something that you do not believe in.”
 “I’ll try,” Jo said.
 Lena walked her to the door, “One thing that I want you to keep in mind is that magic is connected to our emotions. You must keep a level head at all times, this is very important.” Then she said her chant and the door slid open, “Will I see you tomorrow then?”
 “Yes, I’ll be here,” Jo answered.
 Ian took her by the hand and led her out of the store, “Is everything okay?”
 “Lena thinks it would be a good idea if I spent some time with her to learn about my powers and how to use them.”
 “I think that’s a great idea.” Ian stopped and turned to face Jo, “Do you mind if I give Clair the amulet?”
 “What? Why do you want to do that?” Jo asked.
 “I thought it would be a good ice breaker if I brought her a gift,” he smiled.
 Jo laughed as she handed him the box.



CHAPTER 8
I AM A WITCH

Jo was preparing dinner and waiting for Clair to come home from school. Ian had reluctantly left Lena’s with Marcus and Isabella, in order for Jo to get dinner prepared and spend some time with Clair before he joined them. Jo was making roast chicken and potatoes with banana cream pie for dessert. She had put on a pretty chocolate brown dress and fastened her hair loosely at the nape of her neck. As she began taking out dishes and cutlery she heard the front door and walked out to the hall.
“Hey mom,” Clair said putting her bag down and looking up at her mother, “you look so pretty, what’s the occasion?”
“Clair! Ian’s coming for dinner tonight, don’t tell me that you forgot?” Jo was clearly upset.
“Chill, I’m just joking. Of course I didn’t forget.” Clair kissed Jo on the cheek.
“What am I going to do with you?” Jo shook her head.
“So what time’s he coming?”
“Six.”
“I’ll go do my homework and then get freshened up, so I can meet your hot new boyfriend,” Clair teased.
“You know you’re not too old for a good old fashion spanking young lady,” Jo said wagging a finger at Clair, who stuck out her tongue playfully as she headed up the stairs.
 Jo finished dinner, put the pie in the refrigerator and set the table. She was nervous; Ian and Clair were both extraordinary people, whom she loved more than anyone, and she wanted so desperately for them to like each other. She was dreading an awkward meeting where they would all sit trying to make small talk and picking at their food uncomfortably. The doorbell brought her out of her daze and she went to answer it.
 “You look delicious,” Ian said, when she opened the door.
“Please behave yourself,” Jo said as he pulled her close to him. He looked incredibly handsome with his dark jeans and sapphire blue shirt.
 “I will be on my best behavior I promise, but I warn you, I can be quite boring.”
 Jo led him inside just as Clair was coming down the stairs. When she saw Ian standing next to her mother, she paused for a minute and Jo’s heart sank. Clair continued down the stairs and walked up to the two of them.
 “Clair, this is Ian,” Jo eyed her nervously, “Ian this is Clair.”
 The two of them shook hands and Jo thought she saw Clair hesitate.
 “You’re as stunning as your mother,” Ian told her.
 “Thank you,” Clair said, “you’re pretty stunning yourself.” She smiled at him and Jo relaxed a little.
 “I have something for you,” Ian said, looking at Clair as he took out the box with the Lapis Lazuli amulet and handed it to her.
 “You brought me something?” Clair asked, as she accepted the box.
 “Of course I did,” Ian said eyeing Jo and she smiled in response.
 Clair opened the box and let out a gasp. She took the amulet out and held it at arms length to examine it. “This is so cool, thank you.”
 “It was nothing,” Ian said. “Do you want me to put it on for you?”
 “Yes please,” Clair said cheerfully.
 Ian put the amulet around her neck, “You know the lady I got this from told me once you put it on, it’s rotten luck to take it off again.” Ian winked at Jo.
 “Don’t worry I won’t, it’s awesome! I’ve never seen anything like it.”
 “It’s one of a kind, you won’t find another one like it,” Ian told her.
 They sat down to eat and to Jo’s relief the conversation flowed effortlessly. The three of them talked and laughed and by the end of dinner Clair and Ian were teasing each other as Jo and Clair often did.
 “Why don’t you have a seat on the couch while we clean up the dishes?” Jo said to Ian.
 “I can help,” Ian said.
 “No you sit down,” Jo gave him a look that clearly said she wanted to talk to Clair alone, “we’ll clean up.”
 Ian went to the other room and sat on the couch as Jo started washing the dishes. Clair picked up a cloth and bumped her mother’s hip with her own.
 “You weren’t kidding, he is hot.”
 “Shh, he’ll here you.”
 “So, he must know how hot he is.”
 “Do you like him?” Jo asked.
 “Yes I do, but I think what matters is if you like him.”
 Jo turned to look at her daughter, “Yes I like him, a lot, he’s very special to me. It’s just nice to know that you like him too.”
 “He’s great mom and it didn’t hurt that he brought me this cool necklace.”
 Clair said goodnight to her mother and thanked Ian again for the necklace then went upstairs to finish her homework before bed.
 “She’s a great kid,” Ian said.
 “You’re not just saying that are you?”
 “No really, she’s amazing. You’ve done a great job with her.”
At that minute the phone rang, it was Anna. Apparently one of the suppliers was making a delivery in the morning and she could not find the check to give them. Jo had completely forgotten to leave it in her anxiety to speak to Lena, so she assured Anna that she would run over and drop the check off. Ian insisted on accompanying her, and so after telling Clair where they were going, they left for the café.
 It was a crisp cool night and by the time they reached the café it was pouring rain. In the time it took for Jo to find the keys in her purse and open the door they were both soaking wet. Jo turned on the lights, set her purse down on the closest table and took off her wet coat. Ian followed her to the back office dripping on the floor.
Jo bent over her desk and wrote out the check and when she turned around Ian was standing directly behind her. He scooped her up and sat her on the desk, her legs instinctively wrapped around him. He put one hand in her wet hair and gently pulled her head back to expose her neck. He put his lips to her jaw, closed his eyes and then inhaled deeply, his hair dripped on her skin giving her goose bumps. He suddenly stiffened and cocked his ear toward the door.
 “Did you lock the front door?” He asked.
 “I don’t remember. Why? What’s wrong?”
 “I hear something,” he didn’t move a muscle.
 “What is it?” Jo asked.
 “I think it’s…it is.”
 “What?”
 “It’s Dean.”
 “It can’t be. What would he be doing here?” Jo questioned sliding off of the desk and heading for the door.
 Ian pulled her back by the arm, “Jo stay here.”
“Jo, Jo where are you? I know you’re here, come out so I can talk to you,” Dean’s voice sounded from inside the café.
 “He knows we’re here. If we don’t go out there, he’ll just come in here,” Jo said.
 “You stay here, I’ll go,” Ian said.
 “I’m not hiding in here,” Jo said, heading to the door.
 Ian shook his head, “You’re so stubborn,” and he followed her out to the café.
 Dean was pleased to see Jo, but his expression changed when he saw Ian behind her.
 “Dean what are you doing here?” Jo asked.
 “I called the house to talk to Clair and she said you’d gone to the café.” He glared at Ian. “I heard you had a new boyfriend. So it’s true then?”
 “Yes Ian and I are dating, why does that concern you? Does Dana know you’re here?”
 “Dana doesn’t always need to know where I am,” Dean slurred, he had obviously been drinking.
 “What do you want Dean?” Jo asked stepping forward and Ian held her arm so she couldn’t advance.
 “Let go of her,” Dean said.
 “I just want to make sure she’s safe,” Ian said.
 “You think I want to hurt her?” Dean asked. “If you don’t take your hand off of her it’s you who’ll be getting hurt.”
 “Dean you should leave, you’ve been drinking, you’re not thinking straight,” Jo said.
 “Why him?” Dean asked, “Look at him. He’s no good for you; he sleeps with everyone in town. What could you possibly want with this guy? You’re making yourself look like a whore.”
 “That’s enough,” Ian said stepping in front of Jo, “don’t talk to her like that. You should go home to Dana.”
 “Don’t tell me where I should go, I’ll go when I’m ready. I’m not finished talking to Jo.”
“We can talk tomorrow when you’ve slept it off,” Jo suggested.
 “No we can talk right now. Tell your loser boyfriend to get out of my face and come over here so I can get a better look at you.”
 “Dean go home, I don’t want to talk to you. You’re being ridiculous,” Jo said.
 “Oh now you got this young guy and you got no time for me eh?”
 “May I remind you that you’re the one who had an affair with the dimwitted waitress and left me?” Jo said angrily.
 “Dana may not be the brightest girl but she has her good qualities,” Dean said.
 Ian couldn’t help himself, he stepped as close to Dean as he could, “I’m well aware of Dana’s redeeming qualities,” he said softly with a wink.
 “You son of a bitch!” Dean hollered as he pulled something sharp from his pocket and raised it over Ian.
Jo let out a scream that pierced the night, the café went dark and a crack of thunder filled their ears, then all was silent.
 “Jo stop! Jo you have to stop, you’re going to kill him! Jo!” Ian’s voice was coming to her, “Jo can you hear me? You have to stop!”
 She opened her eyes. Ian was standing in front of her patting her face, a look of utter horror in his expression. She looked down and there in the middle of the café floor laid Dean. He was grasping at his chest and after a minute he was completely still. She didn’t understand what was going on.
 “What happened?” Jo asked with pleading eyes.
 “You did something,” Ian said leading her to a table, “Dean pulled a knife on me and you did something, he just dropped.”
 “I thought he was going to hurt you,” Jo’s eyes were wide with fright. “What did I do? Is he dead?”
 “No he’s not, but you need to listen to me.”
 Jo looked at him but her eyes were unfocused.
 “Jo I need you to go home, do you hear me? I will take care of this, but you have to go straight home.”
 “Ian what have I done? He’s Clair’s father.”
 “We’ll talk about that later, right now you have to go,” he stood her up and led her out to her car glancing around them through the pouring rain. “Can you drive?”
 “Yes,” she said dazed and with one last pleading look at Ian, she drove away.
 She did not know how she got home or how long it took her to get there but she was somehow already in her bedroom. She stripped off her clothes and went to take a shower. By the time she slipped on her pajamas and went back downstairs, Ian was already in the kitchen fixing her a cup of tea.
“Ian what happened? What did you do with Dean?” Jo asked as she sat at the kitchen table.
 “I Left him in his car and made an anonymous 911 call. He should be fine,” Ian said handing her a mug.
 “What did I do? I saw him pull something out and I thought he was going to hurt you…”
 Ian lifted her face to his, “Jo, he can’t hurt me.”
 The horror suddenly hit her. She had completely forgotten, Dean couldn’t hurt Ian; he was a vampire.
 “Oh no,” she shook her head, “I hurt him for absolutely nothing.” She was horrified.
 “It was an accident. Drink your tea, you’ll feel better,” Ian told her.
 Jo took a sip, “Are you sure he’s going to be alright?”
 “He’ll be just fine.”
 “What did I do to him?” Jo asked.
 “If you don’t know, I certainly don’t.”
 “I just didn’t want him to hurt you,” she said, shaking her head.
 “Finish your tea,” Ian said
 Jo was feeling exhausted, she suddenly couldn’t keep her eyes open. The next thing she knew there was a knock on her bedroom door.
 “Mom, are you awake?”
 Jo jumped up, “What time is it?”
 “It’s 7:15,” Clair said.
 “Clair what’s the matter?” Jo noticed that Clair’s eyes were red and she looked as if she was crying. Clair went and sat next to Jo on her bed.
 “Dana just called. Dad was in a car accident last night.”
 Everything came rushing back to Jo like an enormous wave that she couldn’t get out from under. She had completely forgotten about last night, she did not even remember falling asleep. She sat on the bed motionless staring at Clair.
 “Did you hear me mom? Dad was in an accident.”
 “Oh, my God! What happened?” Jo asked trying to sound like she had no idea anything had happened to Dean.
 “He had some kind of heart trouble and he ran his car into a ditch,” Clair said wiping her eyes.
 “Heart trouble? Are you sure?” Jo questioned.
 “That’s what Dana said. She didn’t call last night because she wanted to be sure before she let us know what was going on.”
 Jo pulled Clair to her and held her, “Did Dana say how he’s doing? Is he alright?” She asked stroking Clair’s hair.
 “They’re running more tests but he seems to be fine now, just weak and a little bruised up from the crash.”
 “Do you want me to take you to the hospital?” Jo asked, but she didn’t know why she had offered. She did not know if she could see Dean and know that she was the reason that he was in this condition.
 “Dana is at home getting a few things for him, she said that I can go back to the hospital with her if that’s all right?” Clair asked.
 “Of course it is,” Jo said hiding her relief.
 “I’ll go and get ready before Dana comes,” Clair said giving her mother a hug. Jo noticed she was still wearing the Lapis Lazuli necklace. Knowing that Clair was safe from Mia made her feel a little better. “I Love you mom.”
 “I love you too sweetheart.”
 Jo made her way to the kitchen as the doorbell rang. Could that be Dana already? Jo had no desire to speak with Dana. Clair usually made sure she was ready and waiting at the door whenever Dean or Dana picked her up, to avoid any awkwardness. Jo reluctantly opened the door and saw Ian standing in the doorway.
 “Oh good, It’s you,” Jo said relieved.
 “Were you expecting someone else?” Ian asked as he stepped inside and closed the door.
 “Dana’s picking Clair up to take her to the hospital.”
 ‘How’s she taking it?”
 “She’s upset but she seems alright,” Jo said preoccupied.
 “What are you thinking?” Ian asked pulling her close to him.
 Jo lowered her voice, “What if Dean tells Clair that it was me? She’ll hate me. No matter what he’s done to me, he’s still her father, and she loves him. I couldn’t bare to have her look at me knowing that I put her father in the hospital.”
“First of all, it was an accident; you didn’t mean to do anything to him. Secondly, Dean is not going to remember what happened last night, only you and I know what happened.”
 Jo looked questioningly at Ian, “Did you make him forget?”
 “Of course I did, he wouldn’t have known you had done anything regardless. I just didn’t want him to remember that he was at the café with the two of us, that might have sounded a little suspicious,” Ian said looking at her. “Did they say what caused him to collapse?”
 “Heart failure,” Jo stated plainly.
 “Heart failure?”
 “That’s what Dana said,” Jo shrugged.
 Just then Clair came down the stairs. “Oh, hi Ian,” she said pausing as she noticed him.
 “I’m so sorry to hear about your dad Clair. If there’s anything I can do just ask,” Ian said genuinely.
 “Actually there is,” Clair said looking seriously at him, “take care of my mother I don’t want anything happening to her.”
 “I won’t let her out of my sight, I promise,” Ian said pulling Jo even closer to him.
 “Thank you,” she said and then looked to her mother, “I’ll call you later and let you know what’s going on.”
 “Okay, if you want me to pick you up just call.”
 Dana honked from the driveway and Clair kissed her mother, said goodbye to Ian and left.
 “I need to talk to Lena,” Jo said as the door closed.
 “I think that’s a good idea,” Ian agreed with her.
 As Jo turned to go upstairs to get ready, Ian pulled her to him once again and kissed her tenderly. “Don’t worry everything’s going to be fine. Dean will be home in a day or two and then things will be back to normal.”
 “Normal Ian? I’m in love with a vampire, I almost killed my daughter’s father and I am a witch, nothing will ever be normal again,” Jo said as she turned and went upstairs.
 As soon as Jo and Ian entered Lena’s store, she locked the door and beckoned them over to the expanse of wall at the back of the shop that concealed the secret room. Once they were inside the three of them sat around the long wooden table.
 “I take it you slept well?” Lena asked with her eyes on Jo.
 “Yes, actually I did,” Jo answered
 “So the tea helped?”
 Ian cringed as Lean spoke these words and both ladies glared at him.
 “What?” Jo asked.
 “You didn’t tell her that you were giving it to her?” Lena demanded.
 “If I told her she wouldn’t have drank it,” Ian said.
 “Are you talking about the tea you made me last night?” Jo asked.
 “Yes.”
 “What was it?”
 “It was tea,” Lena said, “to calm your nerves. Ian stopped by last night and told me what happened. He said you were in shock and I gave him some tea to help you sleep. I thought he would tell you that he was giving it to you.” She shot Ian another look.
 “I wanted you to forget that it ever happened, because I know that you’re never going to forgive yourself. But since that’s not an option, I thought that if you at least slept well you would feel better in the morning,” Ian said, in his own defense.
 “What do you mean that’s not an option?”
 “You’re a witch, mind control won’t work on you, and so I can’t make you forget.”
 “Why would I forgive myself? I almost killed someone, that’s unforgivable!” Jo sputtered.
 “I’m sure Ian thought he was helping,” Lena said, “but he’s right you do need to forgive yourself. If Ian were not what he is, Dean could have killed him, if you had not intervened. Don’t ever apologize for what you are Jo.”
 Jo knew that what Lena said was true, if Ian wasn’t a vampire, Dean would have stabbed him, and if she was not a witch she would not have been able to stop him. The three of them sat quietly and after a few minutes Ian reached over and rubbed Jo’s back. She smiled at him and laid her hand on his knee.
 “Do you remember me telling you that your emotions are linked to your magic? If you are not in control of your emotions than you cannot control your magic,” Lena said. “I want you to start practicing to focus your energy. When you are upset, mad, happy no matter what you are feeling, I want you to pick one thing and focus all of your energy on it. For example, close your eyes and think about what you felt when you saw Dean about to stab Ian. Once you have the image in your mind, and you are feeling that strong emotion, I want you to take that feeling and focus it on something it the room, let’s say this glass jar for example,” Lena said, setting a small glass jar down on the table in front of Jo.
 “What if I can’t do it?” Jo asked
 “The first step is believing in what you are,” Lena said. “You can do this. You are a witch, believe in yourself.” Lena patted Jo’s hand, “Shall we give it a try?”
 Jo nodded. She closed her eyes and pictured Dean in his drunken state, dripping from the rain, standing in the cafe. She remembered he’d called her a whore for being with Ian. This made her so angry. He had an affair with Dana and moved in with her, Jo hadn’t so much as looked at another man until she met Ian. Ian, who made her happier than she could ever remember being, since she had given birth to Clair. Who did Dean think he was? She saw the blade in his hand raised over Ian. The rage inside of her burst and she remembered the glass jar on the table. She felt a slash across her face, and she was back in the secret room with Ian and Lena, both of them had their hands raised over their faces. Ian had a piece of glass sticking out of the hand that he used as a shield.
 “Ian, your hand!” Jo said as she reached to see his cut.
 “I’m more worried about your face,” he said, as he gently pulled a small piece of glass from her cheek, and then held up his hand to show her the completely healed cut, “see.”
 Lena handed Jo a small jar of ointment, “Put some of that on it, you will be healed by dinner.”
 “What happened?” Jo asked.
 “You did it,” Lena replied, “You focused your energy.”
 “I did that?” Jo asked pointing to the jar that lie shattered on the table.
 “Yes you did,” Lena said beaming at her.
 Jo stared at the broken pieces of glass. I did that? How? She continued staring at the broken fragments; she pictured the jar as it was before she had shattered it. I did that. She contemplated the pieces; they looked like pieces of a puzzle, and she could see in her mind’s eye how they all fit together. She unconsciously raised her hands over the broken glass and the small jar began to reassemble itself before them. When she was finished she put her hands on her lap and smiled.
“I am a witch.”
 “You certainly are,” Ian said as he kissed her on the head.
 “Well done Jo,” Lena said with enthusiasm. “You will need to keep practicing on focusing your energy every chance you get and I will see you again tomorrow.”
 Jo was overcome with emotions such as she had never felt before. She was surrounded in a sudden euphoria. She was a witch and she had powers, powers that she could control. Last night she felt as if her powers were a curse and that she was the very evil she was supposed to be disposing of. But Lena was right, she just needed to control her emotions, if she could do that, she could control her magic.
 When she and Ian arrived back at her house, there was a message from Clair saying she would be staying with her father at the hospital overnight. Dean would be discharged in the morning and Clair wanted to accompany him home.
 “I don’t want her to feel burdened,” Jo said to Ian as she sat on the couch next to him.
 “She would have told you if she wanted to come home.”
 “I don’t understand why she’s staying at the hospital. Dana can go home with Dean in the morning and Clair could have gone over tomorrow to see him.”
 “Maybe she just wants to be with her dad,” Ian said, as he brushed Jo’s hair gently from her face. “I may be selfish but I’m happy to have you all to myself for the whole night,” he leaned close to her and kissed her hungrily.
 Jo gave in without a fight. She had so many new emotions surging through her and this very moment, she wanted to be with Ian more than anything else. The passion between them never seemed to dwindle; every time they were together was like their first. Jo fell asleep so utterly happy, so content and the last thought that crossed her mind, before drifting off into a deep dreamless sleep, was, “I am a witch.”



CHAPTER 9
BITTEN

 The next morning dawned bright and beautiful. Jo had awakened before Ian and was in the kitchen making breakfast, when the phone rang. It was Clair, she was on her way home and she needed to discuss something with her mother. When Jo pressed her for more information, Clair insisted she would tell her everything when she came home.
 Ian came into the kitchen, “Was that Clair?”
 “Yes,” Jo said with her forehead wrinkled, “something’s up, but she won’t tell me until she gets here.” 
 “Well I guess you’ll find out soon enough. Do you want me to leave?”
 “No I feel better when you’re here,” Jo said as she leaned over the counter to kiss him.
 “Remember what Lena told you about controlling your emotions,” Ian teased.
 “You’re just lucky that Clair’s on her way,” she said as she gave him a much longer more intense kiss.
 It turned out that Dana was not fond of taking care of men; she much preferred being the one who was cared for. Now that Dean needed a few weeks of being looked after, she had taken the opportunity while he was in the hospital to pack her things and move out. She phoned Dean’s hospital room last night and relayed all of this to Clair. Dean was discharged from the hospital with orders for one week of bed rest and he was to have a nurse come in daily to check on him.
“I feel guilty leaving him on his own now that Dana’s gone,” Clair said, “I thought that I could spend a couple of weeks with him just to help out.”
 “Clair I don’t mind you spending time with your father, I just don’t want you to take on too much and what about school?”
 “I’m still going to go to school, I will just go to dads afterwards. I really don’t want to leave him alone.” Clair looked down at her hands, “You at least have Ian now, and dad doesn’t have anyone.”
 Ian sat in the living room while Jo talked to Clair in the kitchen, but he could hear every word they said. He knew Jo was having an internal fight with herself. She wouldn’t want Clair away from her for so long, but she also felt guilty that it was her fault Dean was in this state to begin with, and she did not want to deny Clair a chance to help him, when she herself couldn’t.
 “Promise me you’ll let me know if you need my help.”
 “I will mom.”
 “And you’ll call me at least once a day.”
 “I will mom.”
 “And you won’t neglect your school work.”
 “I promise.” Clair hugged Jo and she saw Ian in the other room, over her mother’s shoulder. She looked at him curiously for a minute. Clair liked Ian and he certainly made her mother happy but every time she saw him she got a strange feeling. She couldn’t put her finger on it and thought that maybe it was the fact that she had never seen her mother with another man other than her father.
 “Okay you should go get your things together. Ian and I will drop you off.”
 When Clair went upstairs Ian came into the kitchen and sat across from Jo at the table. She slid her hands down her face and then rubbed her temples with her fingers.
 “I’m really not comfortable with her being away from me.” 
 “I know you’re not,” said Ian, “but we can check up on her, don’t worry.” 
“I want to tell her Ian. I want to tell her everything, but I can’t just yet.”
 “She can handle it you know?”
 “I know she can and I don’t want her to be caught off guard like I was. I just want her to be a normal teenager and enjoy herself. She’s so young. I will tell her, just not yet.”
 “She looks at me funny,” Ian said.
 “No she doesn’t, she likes you.”
 “She may like me but she feels that something’s different. If you wait too long she may just figure it out on her own. She’s very bright.”
 Jo looked concerned. She really did want to tell Clair, keeping secrets from her made Jo uneasy. She was used to sharing everything with Clair, and now that she finally didn’t have to hide Ian, she had to hide this secret instead. Clair was only fifteen, she had so many carefree years left and Jo didn’t want to be the one to take that away from her.
 “I’ll tell her soon.”
 Jo spent the majority of the spring with Lena, a fact that Ian did not like. After the first few days Lena said it was too distracting for Jo to have him with her while she was learning about her magical abilities. Ian argued but Jo agreed with Lena, he was an immense distraction. And so Ian reluctantly spent time with Marcus and Isabella at Jo’s suggestion.
 Lena continued to teach Jo to harness her energy as to avoid any more unwanted accidents. Jo was becoming increasingly proficient, which Lena owned to the fact that she was a very powerful witch and just needed someone to teach her the basics.
 Lena kept a small garden outside in the back of the shop. Jo thought it was the most beautiful garden she had ever seen. There was a mixture of a least a hundred herbs and flowers in a multitude of colors and some plants Jo had never even seen or heard of. Lena used these as ingredients to make some of the products that she sold in her store.
There was an iron bench in the middle of the garden where Jo loved to sit and listen to Lena talk about witches she had known, and about her own grandmother, who was a white witch and taught her most everything that she knew.
 “It does not matter how much you are taught. Every witch is different and you need to learn about your own abilities in your own way. I can only guide you, the rest is up to you,” Lena told her one day as she sat on the bench in the midst of a cluster of rose bushes.
 “Lena, can I ask you a question?” Jo asked as she brought one of the roses close to her nose and inhaled.
 “Of course dear, anything.”
 “Can I stop aging? Is there a spell or potion…?”
 “You’re worried about getting old when Ian will not.”
Jo looked down at her hands, “Yes.”
 “There is no known substance that can stop you from aging, but take heart in the fact that your magic will keep you young.” She saw the hope on Jo’s face and continued, “It will not stop you from aging but it will slow down the aging process.”
Jo sat quietly looking at the flowers around her. Lena stood up and began to rummage around a shelf against the wall, it was full of flowerpots, soil and other scattered gardening utensils. She returned to Jo and handed her a flowerpot with a tiny plant that held one small bud on its stem.
“Hold this,” Lena said, as she knelt in front of Jo, “I want to show you something.”
Jo took the pot from Lena and looked at it curiously.
“Now, close your eyes and think about all that you see around you. Imagine all of the flowers and plants and picture in your head your favorite one. Now think of the rain gently falling giving it nourishment, think of the sun shining down on it, warming it, bringing it to life. Can you picture it?”
 “Yes,” Jo said, as she imagined a gentle rain falling down on the small garden her mother used to have. Jo particularly loved a little red rose bush that she adopted as her own. She loved looking at the intricate pattern of the petals and the sweet musty smell after the rain had wet the garden. She pictured the rainwater seeping down into the soil and being absorbed by the thirsty roots. She could see the sun shining down drying up the excess moisture and the flowers opening their petals to welcome its warmth.
 “Open your eyes,” Lena told her.
 Jo opened her eyes. For a split second, she didn’t understand why Lena was standing over her, smiling as if she had accomplished something wonderful, and then the pot in her hand stole her attention. It had bloomed substantially with many beautiful ruby red roses. Jo looked at Lena with utter amazement.
 “You see? Sometimes all you need is the vision and everything else will blossom on its own.” Lena smiled kindly at Jo.
 The two ladies had gotten very close over the months. Jo didn’t have anyone else she could speak to about being a witch. She could of course talk to Ian, but he didn’t have any answers for her and most times neither did Lena, but she always had a way of coaxing Jo to come up with the answers herself. Spending time with Lena was like spending time with a favorite aunt. Jo felt she could talk to her about anything and she was constantly asking questions, which Lena answered with great patience.
 They went back inside the shop. Lena turned her sign to OPEN and put on the kettle for tea. When she was finished, she handed Jo a cup just as the bell over the door tinkled, and they turned in unison to see Ian striding into the store.
 “What are you doing here?” Jo asked, pleasantly surprised.
 “Well today is Marcus and Isabella’s birthday and I was wondering if Lena will let you have a break,” Ian said as he kissed Jo’s cheek.
“She’s all yours Ian. Luckily she’s such a quick learner,” Lena said.
 “What are we doing?” Jo questioned, as she wrapped her arms around Ian.
 “Well since you have forced me to spend so much time with them, they want us to join them for dinner.”
 “Ian that’s great. We haven’t been out in ages.”
 “Do you think you can behave yourself?” Ian asked.
 “I’ll do my best,” Jo said standing.
 Lena raised her eyebrows, “Well you two have fun, give my best wishes to Marcus and Isabella. Oh, Don’t forget your plant Jo,” she said picking up the pot with the newly bloomed roses.
 “You mean I can keep it?”
 “Of course, it’s yours.”
 Ian drove Jo home to get ready for dinner, before they headed back to the Ian’s to meet Marcus and Isabella.
 “What should I wear?” Jo asked, as she came into the bedroom with her bathrobe wrapped around her.
 “What you have on is fine with me,” Ian said.
 Jo dropped her bathrobe, “What if I go like this?” she teased.
 “Like that you’ll never make it out of this room,” said Ian, as he jumped to his feet, picked Jo up in one quick scoop and tossed her gently on the bed. He lay next to her and stared at her for a long moment. “You’re too beautiful,” he said, as he brushed his hand along her face.
 “As are you,” she said kissing him.
 “Lucky we found each other then isn’t it?”
 Jo sat up, “Do you think it was luck?”
 “What do you mean?” Ian asked.
 Jo hesitated; she was looking for the right words. “Well, after Lena read us the prophecy, I started to wonder if our meeting had nothing to do with us and everything to do with the prophecy.”
 Ian thought for a moment, “Truthfully that thought crossed my mind as well, but seeing as the prophecy is about us, then it has everything to do with us,” Ian said.
“Yes, but if there was no prophecy, would we still have been attracted to each other?”
Ian stared into Jo’s eyes, “I don’t have any answers all I can tell you is that I have never been as happy as I am when I’m with you. I don’t care if we’re together because of some stupid prophecy or not. All I care is that we’re together.”
Jo looked into Ian’s eyes for what seemed like an eternity. She honestly didn’t care if they had come to meet because of the prophecy either, but she wondered what Ian had thought. She too had never been so happy or felt so content and when she and Ian were together everything seemed perfect. They just seemed to fit, their relationship was so effortless and after all, isn’t that the way it should be? They made love for a long while; they had such a strong attraction that it seemed unnatural to ignore it.
 Jo decided that she would wear a black dress, which was simple but flattering. She piled her hair loosely on her head and quickly put on her shoes. They were running late due to their uncontrollable desire for each other, but were both in playful spirits.
 When they reached the front door of the house, Ian paused and the smile on his face was replaced with a rigid scowl.
 “What’s the matter?” Jo said in an instinctive whisper.
 Ian put a finger to his lips. Jo stood next to him and listened, she couldn’t hear anything. She closed her eyes and placed her palm against the front door.She took slow steady breaths and concentrated all of her energy to the space on the other side. Her eyes flew open.
 “Mia!” she whispered.
 Ian gave her an impressed look and nodded his assent. Then he slowly opened the door.
 It took them a minute to register what was happening. Marcus stood across the room from Mia and Isabella; the terrified look on his face dominated his defensive stance. Mia had her arm around Isabella and was speaking to her playfully. But one look at Isabella’s mascara streaked face, told that this plainly was not a game.
 “Ian! Jo! We’ve been waiting for you,” Mia chided.
 “What the hell is going on?” Ian demanded, keeping a protective hand in front of Jo.
 “Well, I came by to see you and your witchy girlfriend, but you weren’t here.” Mia pouted mockingly. “I’ve been waiting a dreadfully long time and Marcus here did not even have the decency to offer me a snack,” Mia said with an evil grin playing at her lips. “I just decided that I would help myself.”
And without a seconds hesitation Mia exposed her fangs and plunged them deep into Isabella’s neck. Marcus screamed and lunged at Mia, who threw him effortlessly across the room with one swift movement. She placed one hand on Isabella’s jaw, and the other on the top of her head, and with a gut wrenching ‘CRACK’ snapped her neck. Isabella dropped to the floor in a heap. 
Mia turned, focusing her eyes on Jo, and Ian stepped swiftly in front of her to block her from view. Jo did not even think about what she was doing. She stepped out from behind Ian’s cover and faced Mia before Ian even realized that she had moved. Jo stretched her right arm out in front of her and Mia was thrown clear across the room. She seemed stunned for a split second and then stood, grinning.
 “You see Ian,” she simpered, “you may sacrifice yourself to protect your witch, but you should keep in mind that she would do the same for you.” She gave Jo a lingering stare and then she was gone.
 Ian and Jo gathered next to Marcus over Isabella’s limp body. It was a horrific sight. Isabella’s neck had two puncture marks and the amount of blood was astonishing, her face was as white as stone and the shadow of fear was still apparent in her expression. Marcus lifted her off of the ground, with tears rolling down his pale face. Isabella looked like a rag doll in his arms, her limbs dangling as he walked to the couch and lay her down gently.
 “She wasn’t ready for this,” Marcus said, staring at Isabella in complete disbelief. “Ian you should get Jo out of here before she wakes up,” he said, not taking his eyes off of Isabella.
 “Wakes up?” Jo looked between the two of them, with tear filled eyes, “What do you mean, wakes up? She’s not…”
 Ian looked at Jo’s bewildered expression, and was angered that she had to witness this part of his life, a life that he was so plainly accustomed to. “She’s not dead Jo. Well, she is dead in the true sense of the word, but she’ll be waking up and when she does…”
 “She’ll be a vampire,” Jo finished his sentence.
 “Yes,” said Marcus, “and not a very happy one. She wasn’t ready, we’d discussed it but she just wasn’t ready. Not to mention the agonizing thirst she’s going to be feeling.”
 “Can you handle her by yourself?” Ian asked his brother.
 “Yes, we should have enough blood stored here to last a day or two, but I may need you to get some more,” Marcus said. “If we run out then we’ll have some real problems.”
“You have blood stored in the house?” Jo asked wrinkling her nose.
Isabella twitched.
 “You better go,” Marcus said.
Ian grabbed Jo and took her out of the house so quickly that her stomach lurched. He drove her back to her own house, and out of danger, before Jo could even get a word out.
 Once they were inside, Jo slouched on the couch; she raised her knees to her chest and wrapped her arms around her legs. Tears were streaming steadily down her face and she stared blankly at the floor. Ian came and sat next to her, he could tell that the whole impact of what he was, and the life that she was now so involved in, had just hit her. 
 “Do you want to talk about it?” He questioned.
 Jo looked up at him for a long while with a fresh wave of tears welling in her eyes. Ian wasn’t sure if he should touch her for reassurance or if he should move as far away from her as possible. He sat quietly giving her time to gather her thoughts and realized how blazingly green her eyes had become.
 “I never even asked you how you survive. I mean, I know that vampire’s drink blood but I didn’t even consider…” her voice trailed off.
 Ian looked intently at her, still not sure if he should touch her. “I haven’t had a drop of human blood since I’ve been with you,” he said very slowly, as a parent would to a child when they wanted them to understand a very important point.
 “What have you been drinking?” Jo asked, not even sure if she wanted to know the answer.
 “Until I met you I always had an unquenchable thirst for human blood. Our first night together I very nearly bit you. Then you asked me not to, you caught me off guard and it kind of shocked me. I began imitating Marcus who hasn’t had human blood since he met Isabella. It was the one condition she had for them being together. I’ve been living on animal blood and we always have some in the house for the days we can’t or don’t want to go hunting.”
 “Is that what Marcus will be feeding Isabella?” Jo asked.
 “Yes, I just hope it will satisfy her.”
 “Why wouldn’t it?”
 “When someone first becomes a vampire, the thirst is overwhelming. It’s all that you can think of, it consumes your whole existence. Animal blood does not quench the thirst quite as effectively as human blood does, but it will suffice. I just hope Marcus will be able to handle her until she gets over that little snag. We have to make sure that she has plenty to drink for the first couple of days, until she becomes accustom to her new existence.”
 “What if he can’t?” Jo was growing more and more apprehensive. What if Marcus couldn’t keep Isabella under control and she got out of the house and went on a drinking spree?
 “As long as she has enough to drink it should keep her occupied until the thirst becomes controllable,” Ian said.
 Jo laid her head back on the couch thinking. How could they make sure Isabella had enough to drink? If she got out of control she could hurt so many people. Ian’s house was not that for from them. What if she killed someone that they knew? Anna, Stephanie, Dean maybe even Clair. Not to mention how Isabella would feel if she found out that she’d hurt someone, especially someone that she knew.
 “We have to help her Ian,” Jo said, determinedly wiping away her tears.
 “Don’t worry, if need be I will get more blood to her.”
 Jo jumped up suddenly. She went into the kitchen and Ian followed her. She began rummaging through cabinets until she found what she was looking for. She pulled out a bottle of wine and a glass and set them down on the counter.
 “Is this supposed to help us think?” Ian asked.
 “Shush, just give me a second,” Jo said racking her brain. “Okay you stand there, I’m going to need your help with this.” She placed Ian on one side of the counter and she stood opposite him on the other side, then she placed the wine bottle and the glass between them. She took both of Ian’s hands in her own and breathed very deeply.
 “What do you need me to do?” Ian asked her, looking puzzled.
 “You don’t have to do anything,” Jo said, “just stand there.”
 She closed her eyes still holding Ian’s hands. She continued taking deep breaths. “I can do this, I am a witch, I am a witch, I can do this,” she said to herself.
 Ian was still confused but curious as to what Jo was up to. She just stood very still breathing and mumbling under her breath. She thought about how terrified she’d felt seeing Mia bite Isabella and how she thought Isabella would die, and then she thought of the possibility of Isabella hurting people in order to feed her ferocious new appetite. She took all of her feelings and emotions and focused them the best that she could in her flustered state. Ian felt a sudden surge of energy from Jo’s hands. After a few minutes she opened her eyes and looked at Ian very intently. She opened the wine bottle and poured some into the glass.
 “That’s it?” Ian asked.
 “Drink,” Jo commanded, pushing the glass to him.
 Ian took the glass very hesitantly, looking at Jo.
 “Drink,” Jo repeated.
 Ian put the glass to his lips and took a small cautious sip. Jo watched him attentively. His eyes bulged and he set the glass slowly back on the counter.
 “Well?” Jo asked, with her heart pounding fiercely.
 Ian stared at her wide-eyed. “It’s blood,” he said.
 Jo smiled. She had done it. “Problem solved?” she asked.
 “Problem solved,” Ian said, as he rounded the counter and picked Jo up off of her feet and swung her around, “you’re amazing!”
 “Thank you,” she said, as he set her back on her feet.
 “Just one question,” Ian said.
 “What’s that?”
 “Why did you need me to help you?”
 Jo suddenly looked uneasy and did not look Ian in the eyes.
 “Wait a minute,” Ian said, taking a step back, “you needed darkness didn’t you?”
 “Ian,” Jo began, “I just wanted to help Isabella, and I couldn’t have done it on my own.” She stepped close to him, “We did it…together.”
 “After what you saw today you still want to be near me?”
 “Of course I do. I love you.”
 Ian closed the gap between them, “What did I ever do to deserve you?”
 Jo laid her head on his chest and pulled her arms around him. They stood quietly in their contentment holding each other.
 When Ian and Jo arrived back at his house, Ian was holding a case of wine bottles. He suggested that Jo wait outside but she flatly refused.
 “Once Isabella sees that I can make her all of the blood that she wants, she’s not going to want to hurt me,” Jo said.
 “It’s possible, but I don’t want to take that chance. You don’t understand how hard it is for new vampires to control themselves.”
 “I’m completely confident that you and Marcus can handle Isabella,” Jo said.
 “Well I’m glad one of us is.”
 Ian opened the door one-handed and peered inside. Isabella was sitting on the couch with her face in her hands and Marcus was crouched in front of her with his hands on her shoulders.
 “Knock, Knock,” Ian said, stepping inside.
 Isabella shot up out of her seat and noticing that it was Ian, she began to sit back down when she suddenly caught a scent in the air and sniffed. Before either Marcus or Ian knew what had happened, she was at Jo’s side with her fangs exposed and Jo’s hair in her hand, forcing her head back.
 “Isabella no!” Marcus yelled, as he ran to her and tried to restrain her.
 Jo struggled against Isabella’s forceful grip.
 “Isabella,” Ian said, picking a bottle up from the case, “look what I have for you.” He shook a wine bottle in front of her.
 “I want blood not wine,” she said looking deranged and trying to pull free of Marcus’s grasp.
 Ian opened the bottle and she paused and inhaled deeply, then turned her head in Ian’s direction. “Is that blood?” She asked.
 “Yes. And Jo can get you as much as you want, so I wouldn’t hurt her if I were you.”
 Marcus looked inquisitively between Jo and Ian. “Jo can get her as much as she wants? What do you mean?”
 Isabella released her grip on Jo and snatched the bottle from Ian’s hand. She drank the bottle in a matter of seconds and then seemed to relax.
 “Jo has managed to turn wine into blood and as long as Isabella behaves she will make her some more,” Ian said.
 “How did you do that?” Marcus asked as he turned his attention to Jo.
 “I didn’t do it by myself,” Jo began, “I needed Ian’s help.” 
“My darkness is more like it.”
 Jo gave Ian a sympathetic look as he handed Isabella another bottle, which she drank a little more slowly than the first.
 “She’s almost cleaned out our entire supply,” Marcus told Ian.
 “All of it!” Ian was shocked.
 Jo slowly approached Isabella, she had just at that very moment taken in Isabella’s appearance. Her hair was a terrible mess and her make up was smudged under her eyes, giving her a most sinister appearance. The puncture marks on her neck were no longer apparent but the copious amount of blood, which had spilled from them, was now dried on her neck and shirt.
 “I’m taking her to get cleaned up,” Jo said.
 “You’re not going upstairs alone with her,” Ian said, shaking his head.
 Jo picked up another bottle out of the case and tucked it under one arm. She took Isabella by the hand and led her to the stairs.
 “Isabella wants blood and I have some for her if she needs it. I’ll be fine,” she said, as she turned and began leading Isabella up the stairs.
 When they reached the bathroom, Jo adjusted the water and turned on the shower. Isabella stood behind her draining the last of the bottle she had taken from Ian. Jo allowed her to finish and then took the empty bottle from her.
 “If you want more I have another one here,” Jo said, showing Isabella the bottle she had set down on the counter. “You need to get cleaned up.”
 Isabella undressed and stepped into the shower. Jo sat on the counter waiting for her and when Isabella had turned the water off Jo handed her a towel.
 “Are you thirsty?”
 “I can wait,” Isabella said, wrapping the towel around herself and looking a little embarrassed, “I’m sorry I tried to bite you.”
 “It’s not your fault,” Jo said, “but you don’t have to bite anyone, I will make you as much as you need, okay?” She handed Isabella the bottle from the counter.
 “Thank you Jo,” she said, as tears began to roll down her face.
 “What’s the matter?” Jo asked, as she led Isabella into Marcus’s bedroom.
 Isabella slouched on the bed, “I didn’t want to be a vampire, not yet anyway. I probably would have eventually, but it was nice knowing that the choice was mine to make, and now I don’t have that choice anymore.”
 “Damn that Mia!” Jo exclaimed. “I really don’t like her,” she said, pacing in front of Isabella.
 “You’re not the only one,” Isabella said wiping her eyes, “do you really think you can stop her?”
 “I don’t know,” Jo shook her head, “but I promise you, I will die trying.”



CHAPTER 10
UNION

By the time Jo came downstairs for breakfast the next morning, Isabella seemed to be settling into her vampire roll quite well. She sat at the table with Marcus and Ian, chatting like her old non-vampire self, with a blood filled wine bottle in front of her.
 “Hey Jo,” Isabella said striding a little too quickly towards her.
Jo flinched and stretched an arm out in front of her, stopping Isabella in her tracks.
 “I’m not going to hurt you Jo, I just want to thank you.”
 “Thank me for what?” Jo said lowering her hand.
 “For the blood, of course,” Isabella said taking her seat again and looking slightly put out.
Marcus looked up from the table, “Thanks to your bit of hocus pocus, Isabella’s transition is going much more smoothly than any of us thought possible,” he smiled at Jo in appreciation.
 “I’m glad I could help.”
Ian rose from the table and went over to Jo, “How did you sleep?” he asked.
 He had the feeling that she had been trying to block her feelings from him since last night. Ian usually picked up on Jo’s moods and feelings thanks to their connection, but after Mia’s visit he hadn’t been able sense anything. Jo had fallen asleep so quickly and he spent the majority of the night watching her toss and turn.
 “Fine,” Jo said a little preoccupied. “What’s the matter?” Ian asked, noticing her uneasiness.
 Jo shook her head slightly indicating that she did not want to discuss it in front of Marcus and Isabella. “I was thinking about going to see Lena, will you come with me?” She eyed him meaningfully.
 “Do you think she’ll let me in?” Ian asked.
 Jo lowered her voice; “I really want you with me today.”
 Ian noticed that Jo was shaking slightly and when he opened his mouth to question her she shook her head again.
Ian thought that if he had any chance of getting information out of Jo, she needed to be in the place she felt the most comfortable, somewhere her defenses would be down. He decided to take advantage of her preoccupation during the drive, and changed direction to Jo’s house instead of Lena’s shop.
The jolt of the car being put into park seemed to wake Jo from her trance. “Why are we here?” She asked him.
 “Because we need some privacy so you can tell me what’s bothering you,” Ian said as he opened his door.
 Once they were inside he led Jo to the couch and sat her down, then he sat next to her and turned so they were face to face. He noticed that she was still shaking and tears were rolling down her face.
 “Jo what’s the matter?” He said pleadingly, wrapping his arms around her.
 “Ian, I’m so scared,” she sobbed in his chest. At that very moment, she let down the barrier she had been holding on to since the previous evening, and Ian felt the magnitude of fear and apprehension that she was feeling wash over him in a sudden rush.
 He pulled back so he could look at her, “Why were you trying to hide all of this from me?”
 “I just wanted to help Isabella. I didn’t want you to be distracted worrying about me.”
 “Isabella is fine thanks to you. You’ve done a great thing for us all, you should be very proud of yourself.”
 “Proud of myself? I’m terrified of myself!” Jo said. “I’m scared of what I’m becoming and what I’m going to have to do. I almost killed Dean without even touching him and now I can turn wine into blood, that’s not normal Ian!”
 “Hey, you are becoming what you are meant to be, a great witch. Dean was trying to hurt me Jo, you were just protecting me, and as far as Isabella is concerned, you did more for all of us than you even realize. Do you have any idea what it would have been like if Isabella had run out of blood? You did an amazing thing.”
 “I don’t feel so amazing. I’m supposed to be the one to stop Mia and I’m terrified, I don’t have a clue what I’m supposed to do. I saw how effortlessly she attacked Isabella, and that could very easily have been me.”
 “I’m not going to let her hurt you.”
 “I’m sure Marcus has said the same thing to Isabella, and that didn’t help her last night.”
 “We’ll figure it out, don’t worry, as long as we stick together everything will be fine.” Ian held her close to him and kissed her on the forehead. “I think you need to take your mind off of all this.”
 “What?”
 “Let’s do something different today, let’s have some fun.”
 “Ian I really don’t think…”
 “I’m not taking no for an answer. We’re going to forget about all of this for one day and enjoy ourselves.”
“I really wanted to touch base with Lena,” Jo said.
 Ian looked at his watch, “It’s ten o’clock,” he said, “I’ll give you until twelve and then you’re mine for the rest of the day, no arguments.”
 Ian took Jo to Lena’s and as Jo did not want him to leave her side, he joined them in the back room. The three of them sat around the large wooden table before Lena spoke.
 “Something’s happened hasn’t it?”
 “Mia was at the house last night,” Ian said, to save Jo from having to speak, “she turned Isabella.”
 “She attacked Isabella,” Jo corrected him, “she nearly ripped open her throat and then she snapped her neck.”
 “Oh dear,” Lena’s eye were wide, “poor Isabella. How is she doing? What about Marcus, how is he taking this?”
 “They’re both fine thanks to Jo,” Ian said.
 “Jo?” Lena questioned, “What do you mean?”
 “Jo managed to turn wine into blood, so Isabella is having a smooth transition, so they are both very grateful to Jo.”
 “Neither Marcus or Isabella were happy last night,” Jo said, “Marcus was obviously upset that Isabella had been bitten, and Isabella herself told me how unhappy she was.”
 “That was last night. You saw them this morning and they were both very happy. They thought that Isabella being bitten was going to be an incredible adjustment, but thanks to you they’ve accepted her change whole-heartedly. Marcus is thrilled that he still has her, and now Isabella doesn’t have to worry Marcus outliving her,” Ian told Jo.
 “But…” Jo started.
 “You turned wine into blood?” Lena interrupted holding up a hand.
 “Yes, I did.”
 “Real blood? And Isabella is drinking it?” Lena asked.
 “Yes, Ian tried it first to make sure it was blood before we gave it to her.”
 Lena’s thoughts drifted off for a minute, “That’s incredible,” she said, “I don’t think I’ve ever heard of a witch turning wine into blood for a vampire.”
 “Witches are not usually so quick to help vampires are they?” Ian said eyeing Lena.
 “No they’re not and usually with good cause,” Lena eyed him back.
 “But look how much trouble Jo has saved everyone. A new vampire’s thirst is hard to quench, which is not just an inconvenience for the vampire, but for all within the vicinity,” Ian said.
 “You’re leaving out one critical point,” Jo said interrupting, “I had Ian’s help.”
 “Ian helped you?”
 “Yes, I needed his presence to perform the spell,” Jo said looking at Lena.
 “Apparently you can’t change wine into blood without some darkness,” Ian said.
 “That’s true, but how did you know that?” Lena asked Jo.
 “I don’t really know. I just knew.”
 “So you have heard of this before?” Ian asked, “I thought you said that you never heard of a witch turning wine into blood.”
 “I said I’d never heard of a witch turning wine into blood for a vampire, not that it’s never been done. The fact that you knew that you needed Ian’s presence without anyone telling you is extraordinary,” Lena said ignoring Ian and now speaking directly to Jo. “You have great intuition, greater than I think you realize.”
 “That’s what I keep telling her,” Ian said.
 Lean stood up and walked over to the expanse of wall that led back to the shop, and placed her hand on it chanting. When the door opened she looked at Ian. “Can you give Jo and I a minute alone?”
 “Why?” Jo asked.
 “I would like to speak to you without any interruptions. Don’t worry, Ian doesn’t have to leave he can wait in the shop, “Lena said.
 Jo nodded slowly, “Okay.”
 “Don’t I have a say?” Ian asked.
 “No,” Lena said, “this is not about you, this is about Jo. And don’t bother trying to listen you can’t hear through the wall.”
 Ian looked at his watch as he got to his feet, “You have twenty minutes,” he said looking intently at Lena and then stepped through the door.
 Lena took a seat next to Jo, it was obvious that Jo was upset and the feeling seemed to magnify out of her, filling the room. Lena sat silently for a few minutes before turning to face her.
 “I don’t think I want to hear what you have to say,” Jo said, her eyes brimming with tears.
 “Probably not,” Lean said, “but I’m going to keep telling you until you understand. You have an extraordinary gift and with it you have an extraordinary amount of power. There is almost no limitation to what you can do, and if you didn’t believe it before, I’m sure that you do now. Am I correct?”
 Jo’s tears raced down her cheeks as she nodded, “Yes, and it scares the life out of me. I didn’t know how to help Isabella, and then it just occurred to me, it seemed so obvious, turn wine into blood and I knew I would need Ian’s help. It was so effortless. When I saw Mia attack Isabella and then turn to me, I felt such terror but I still stopped her. I was determined that she wasn’t going to hurt any one else. I’m so scared Lena, I can’t stop shaking. I can feel this power growing inside of me and I don’t know what to do with it. Now Ian wants to take me out to have fun. How can he even think about having fun when I’m terrified I might explode and kill someone?”
 Lena patted Jo’s hand, “You’re not going to hurt anyone Jo, you just have to focus your energy where it’s needed, like you did last night. Ian’s right, you did a great thing and although he is not my favorite person, I do know that he cares about you very much. He’s just worried, let him take you out and have some fun.”
 “I don’t know if I can,” Jo said looking down at the floor.
 Lena lifted Jo’s gaze to her own, “Focus your energy where it’s needed. It’s not a curse Jo, it’s a gift.”
 “A gift I didn’t ask for.”
 “Yet you were lucky enough to receive it,” Lena told her.
 Ian’s idea of fun turned out to be quite different than what Jo had expected. He started off by taking Jo to a park with a hiking trail, and she became very apprehensive when she noticed that Ian was carrying a backpack stuffed to the bursting point.
 “This is your idea of fun?” Jo asked as she tripped on a rock.
Ian caught her by the arm, “I thought this would be good for you to release some energy and focus your attention elsewhere.”
It turned out that Ian was right; Jo had to concentrate hard so she wouldn’t trip on all of the rocks and fallen branches, and she had to focus all of her energy getting up the steep inclines, that her mind had no room to wonder. By the time they reached the end of the trail she was exhausted and all she could think of was taking a hot shower and going to bed. Ian took of his pack and opened it.
“When did you have time to pack a bag?” Jo asked suspiciously.
“While you were talking to Lena,” he smirked, “you didn’t even know I was gone.”
Jo looked around her. They were in a clearing and not a soul was in sight. The trees were so high that they cast emerald shadows down on them, and only a few streams of sunlight seemed to be getting through the thick foliage. It was a warm day and after the long hike Jo was especially hot so she took off her jacket. Ian was busying himself unpacking all sorts of things from his bag.
 “You packed a picnic?” Jo asked.
“Aren’t you hungry?” 
“I’m starving,” Jo said, “but don’t you think you’re being just a little romantic. You’re going to ruin your reputation.”
“If you tell anyone, I’ll deny it,” Ian said, as he laid out a large blanket.
They sat and ate uninterrupted, enjoying the warmth of the day. Ian pulled out two glasses and a small bottle of wine, he handed Jo a glass and smiled as he poured the wine.
“Its wine, don’t worry,” he told Jo, as she sniffed it for reassurance before taking a sip.
“You were right,” Jo said, “this is just what I needed.”
She moved closer to Ian who had his back against a large tree and snuggled into him. She was feeling so relaxed, being away from everyone and everything that had clouded her mind over the past few weeks, put things back into perspective. They sat quietly together and finished the wine enjoying their surroundings. When they were done, Ian packed up while Jo sat under the large tree watching him. She caught his arm and pulled in down next to her.
“Thank you,” she said, nuzzling her nose into his neck.
“I just want you to be happy,” Ian said holding her tightly.
“I’m always happy when we’re together,” Jo said, as she looked up and kissed him. “Can you feel that?” She said closing her eyes.
“Yes,” Ian said, feeling her contentment.
“See, nothing to worry about,” she said, kissing him more intensely.
“Good,” Ian said standing and putting his hand out to her, “because we’re not finished yet.”
Jo groaned knowing that they had to go back the way they came, and taking Ian’s hand, she stood and wiped herself off.
They hiked back down the trail and to the car. Jo laid her head against the window and gazed at the scenery passing by, until she noticed that they were back at her house.
“What are we doing here?”
 “We need to get cleaned up,” Ian said, “and you don’t have any clothes at my house.”
 “But you don’t have any clothes here,” Jo noted.
 “I brought some,” Ian said holding up the backpack.
Jo shook her head, “I should have known.”
The first thing Jo did when they went inside, was call Clair. Not a day went by since Clair had been at her father’s that Jo did not speak to her. It seemed that Dean had grown accustom to having Clair’s company, since he no longer had Dana to care for him. Clair did not mind but Jo worried that it was too much responsibility for her. School would be out soon and Jo did not want her to be a full time nanny to her father.
 Jo told Clair that Marie had phoned inviting her to spend some time with them over the summer, then made a mental note to call Marie and ask if Clair could stay with them for a few weeks. Although Jo missed Clair terribly, she took solace in the fact that she was not in the middle of everything that was going on in her life at the moment. Jo had decided that when everything was settled with Mia she would tell Clair what she was and about everything that had happened.
Jo and Ian made their way upstairs. Jo sat at her vanity and brushed out her hair and Ian sat on the bed watching her.
 “Are you going to tell me where we’re going so I’ll know what to wear?” Jo asked setting down her brush.
“Something nice, but comfortable,” Ian suggested as he stood and took out his usual going out attire of dark jeans and a button down top.
Jo went into the adjoining bathroom and started the shower, when she turned to close the door Ian was behind her. He helped her slip out of her sweaty clothes and she obligingly returned the favor. It never seemed to amaze Jo how perfectly compatible they were. Maybe it had to do with the fact that Ian could easily pick up on her feelings, but he had a way of being there when she needed him or backing off when she needed space. Whatever the reason, she never hesitated in giving herself over completely to him.
When they were clean and refreshed, Jo picked out a simple short grey dress with matching low-heeled shoes and decided on leaving her hair down. She sat on the bed watching Ian dress as she slipped on her shoes.
“Have you seen my belt?” He asked.
Jo stood up started to look around, and then stopped, she turned to Ian and closed her eyes. She reached into her consciousness, cleared her mind and concentrated her energy on Ian’s belt. When she opened her eyes he was staring back at her, belt in hand.
“You’re getting very good at this, aren’t you?”
“Well Lena told me that my powers are a gift not a curse and that I should practice focusing them where needed, and you needed a belt,” Jo smiled at him slyly.
“I’m not sure that’s what she meant, but thank you anyway,” he said, sliding the belt through the loops of his pants.
“Can I get you anything else?” she said motioning around the room.
“Actually I left my cologne in the bag,” Ian began.
And before he knew it the bottle was in his hand.
Ian took Jo to a quaint little restaurant, it was a quiet place and very few people were scattered within it. Music played softly in the background as the host led them to a seat in the back corner, at Ian’s request. Ian held a chair out for Jo and the host promptly sent a waiter over with a bottle of their best wine and two large menus.
“Have you been here before?” Jo asked.
“A few times, it’s a great place if you’re looking for someplace quiet.”
“You always know what I’m thinking, I wasn’t in the mood for crowds.”
“I had a feeling,” Ian said winking at her.
“Do you know what you’re having?”
“You could just do a little magic over this bottle and I would be content,” Ian said, smirking at her.
“That’s not funny,” she said, “besides it would look awkward if I was the only one eating.”
Jo turned her attention back to the menu and Ian continued staring at her.
“What?” She asked looking up
“Nothing, you just look stunning,” he told her.
“Don’t start,” she said, “you know what will happen if you start flirting with me.”
The waiter came over and took their orders. Jo ordered the seafood linguini and Ian settled on a rare steak.
 “Let’s dance,” Ian said, standing and holding his hand out to her.
 “Ian, I don’t know if that’s a good idea.” 
 “We’re supposed to be having fun,” he reminded her, as he took her hand and led her to the dance floor.
He pulled her close to him and brushed her hair off of her face, as he so often did. They swayed slowly together in the dim atmosphere of the room, not taking their eyes off of each other. Ian smiled at her sweetly and his face looked as if he were searching for words.
“Can I ask you something?” He finally said.
“Of course you can.”
“I know I wanted you to get your mind off of everything, but I just need to know something,” he said hesitantly.
“What is it?”
“Well after all that’s happened, I just wondered if your feelings are still the same? For me I mean,” he finished quickly. 
“How can you even ask me that? I feel closer to you than I ever have to anyone.”
“Really?” Ian had stopped swaying and just stood still in the middle of the dance floor holding Jo close. “I thought maybe…”
Jo reached up and held Ian’s face in her hands, “I love you Ian, nothing’s going to change that.” She kissed him softly for a long moment, and then wrapped her arms back around him.
He kissed the top of her head, “I love you too Jo, more than I can say.”
They stayed on the dance floor just swaying slowly in each other’s arms, until Ian heard Jo’s stomach growl, and insisted she eat before everything got cold.
Jo found it strange that the waiter never appeared at their table unless Ian beckoned him over.
“Is he avoiding us?” Jo asked.
Ian let out a low laugh, “I asked that we not be disturbed, I didn’t want to be interrupted.”
Ian had cleared his plate much quicker that Jo had.
“I can’t eat another bite,” Jo said, as she pushed her plate away.
“Then we should dance,” Ian said holding his hand out for hers once again.
“I didn’t realize that you enjoyed dancing so much,” Jo said standing.
“It’s really just an excuse to get close to you,” he whispered in her ear.
“I hardly think you need an excuse.”
Ian pulled her to him and they danced without speaking for a long time. Jo was content just being in his arms, she was at ease when they were together. She smiled to herself and took a deep breath taking in his scent. It was a perfect day; she hardly believed that she had woken up that same morning feeling so unsettled. She was lost in thought and did not notice the lights flickering.
“Jo?” Ian whispered, “Is that you?”
She seemed to wake from a dream, “Huh?” she said.
“The lights…are you doing that?”
“Oh shoot, sorry,” she said stifling a yawn.
“I think it’s time I get you home and tuck you in,” Ian said, “its been a long day.”
Ian insisted Jo spend the night at his house, which puzzled her because he usually liked to avoid Marcus and Isabella whenever he could, but as she had no one to go home to, she readily agreed.
“Where’s Marcus?” Ian asked, as they came in and saw Isabella sitting by herself on the couch. There were empty wine bottles littering the floor and she had one clutched in her hands.
“He’s gone to buy more wine,” she said shaking her head, “he’s afraid I won’t have enough.”
“He left you here alone?” Ian asked, sitting down.
“I don’t need a babysitter, I’m fine. Marcus is just being overcautious.”
Jo walked around the couch and sat next to Isabella, “How are you feeling?”
“I feel great. Thanks to you, I have all the blood that I need and I’m really not as thirsty as I was yesterday.”
“It will get easier every day,” Ian assured her.
Jo rubbed Isabella’s back, “I’m just happy you’re all right.”
Marcus came in with a case of wine, “Oh good you’re here, I need you to change these for Isabella.”
“Not tonight Marcus, Jo needs some rest. Isabella has enough for now,” Ian said indicating the bottles left in the case on the floor.
Jo stood up, “I’ll do it first thing in the morning, I promise.” She took Ian’s waiting hand and followed him to the stairs.
“Oh by the way,” Marcus began, “you had a delivery, what did you need all of those...” he stopped mid sentence as Ian threw him a warning look and shook his head indicating that he did not want Jo to hear anything about a delivery, and he hurried her up the stairs.
When Jo walked into Ian’s bedroom she thought that she had walked into the wrong room. She had to look around twice to make sure that it was indeed Ian’s bedroom, it looked more like a flower shop the day before Valentines Day. There were vases upon vases of red roses everywhere; she could hardly take a step without almost knocking one over. She stood in the room gaping, not quite understanding why there were so many flowers everywhere.
“I know they’re your favorite,” Ian said approaching her.
“They are, but why…”
“I thought that I should do something romantic,” he said, taking her face in his hands and kissing her sweetly.
“Ian, how did you have time?” 
“Never mind, it’s not important,” he said as he kissed her again. “I bought you something.” He went over to the bed and picked up a box with red ribbon and handed it to her.
“Ian.”
“Just open it.”
 Jo sat on the bed and carefully untied the ribbon, then removed the lid from the box. She pulled out a beautiful white lace nightgown.
“You don’t have anything here to sleep in,” Ian said looking slightly embarrassed.
“I usually don’t need anything,” Jo said smiling, “I’ll go try it on.”
Ian paced for a few minutes and then sat down on the bed and waited for Jo to return. When she walked back in the room, his jaw dropped.
“You look beautiful,” he said gaping at her, “do you like it?”
“It’s absolutely gorgeous Ian, thank you,” she said, as she looked in the full-length mirror.
Ian came up behind her and pulled his arms around her waist, looking at their reflection.
“That looks perfect,” he said smiling to himself and kissing the back of her head. Jo had the strangest feeling that he was not talking about the nightgown.
He turned her to him and kissed her passionately. Jo unbuttoned his shirt and let it drop to the floor then ran her hands slowly up his chest. He scooped her up in his arms and lay her softly down on the bed. She pulled him close to her but Ian pulled back.
“What’s the matter?” Jo asked
 Ian seemed to be hesitating, “I don’t really know how to say this,” he began.
“What is it Ian?” Jo’s eyes were wide with apprehension.
 He looked at her fixedly, “I’m sorry I’m just not very good at this.”
“Ian please,” Jo pleaded, “what’s the matter?” Her heart was racing now.
He took a deep breath and looked at her, “Jo before I met you I can’t even begin to tell you what my life was like.” He ran his finger down her cheek. “You know what I am and the things that I’ve done. I was so empty and reckless it was as if I had been lost. When I saw you that day at the café, something changed I can’t explain it, I felt as if things were going to be different. That first night we spent together I knew right then and there that I could never be with anyone else ever again.”
 Jo’s expression softened, “Ian…”
“Let me finish, I need to say this,” he said. “You have saved me from so much you don’t even know, and I can’t imagine a day without you. Because of you I know what it feels like to be loved for who I am,” he reached into his pocket and pulled out the most beautiful solitaire diamond ring Jo had ever seen. “Jo Alexis Montgomery, I love you more than I have ever loved anyone in my entire existence, and I would be ecstatic if you would be my wife for the rest of our days.”
Jo sat open jawed, gaping at him. Of all the things she had expected, this was not one of them. She was stunned, her mouth was open to speak, but the words would not come out. She knew she must look ridiculous sitting there speechless as Ian waited for her to say something. She tried again to get the words out but her throat was constricted and no sound escaped her.
Ian looked down, “I thought it might be too soon.”
Jo put a finger to his lips and stopped him. She swallowed to rid herself of the lump in her throat and closed her eyes momentarily to compose herself. She then looked Ian directly in the eyes and spoke.
 “Ian Channing Marcellus, you have been embedded in my heart since the moment you walked into my café. I can’t remember ever being as happy as I am with you. It’s you who saved me. You’ve brought me back to life and showed me what it is to be truly loved. I would be honored to call myself your wife.” Tears fell from her eyes but for the first time in months they were tears of joy.
Ian was absolutely overcome with excitement; he took Jo’s hand in his and slowly slipped the ring onto her finger. When the ring was in place Jo placed her left palm against his. She was so utterly blissful that her contentment filled the room. She closed her eyes in complete euphoria and Ian’s hand seemed to be one with hers. Jo felt that she would explode with overwhelming happiness. She focused all of her energy; it was just her and Ian here together in this moment. Her feelings overtook her, and as Ian watched her in complete amazement, a glow seemed to begin emanating from her. At first it was very faint and then it increased in intensity until she glowed from head to toe.
Jo opened her eyes and looked at Ian. He could feel her happiness and his emotions mimicked hers, but still they did not move. The glow around Jo brightened and concentrated itself in front of her and then slowly began to move. It wrapped around their hands, that they still held together between them, it wrapped around their wrists and fingers binding them together. The glow held their hands together for a minute and then sparked so brilliantly, that the whole room was illuminated with light, and then it dispersed itself into tiny fragments and disappeared.
The two of them sat stationary for a moment and then slowly pulled their hands apart noticing the bright gold bands that now encircled their fingers.
Ian stared at the band on his own finger. He turned his hand over and back again, not quite understanding what had just taken place.
 “Does this mean…”
“Yes,” Jo said definitely, staring at her own golden band, which sat on top of her newly placed diamond ring.
“It looks like we just skipped our whole engagement,” Ian said.
“Yes we did,” Jo was still stunned.
Ian lifted her face to his and kissed her for what seemed an eternity. “I should at least get to kiss the bride.”
Jo looked at him with her eyes streaming, “I…” she stumbled on her words, “I love you Ian.”
“And I love you Jo.”
The next morning Jo woke to find Ian had already gone downstairs. It was unlike her to sleep so late but she had not slept well. She remembered having terrible dreams all night, which struck her as very odd, seeing as she had the most wonderful night of her life. Despite the disturbing dreams she was extremely happy, so she shook off the uneasy feeling in her gut and got out of bed.
Many of the vases lay upturned on the floor and flowers scattered her path as she looked for the new nightgown Ian had given her. After a few minutes of searching she gave up and put on one of Ian’s button down shirts then made her way downstairs.
When she entered the kitchen Ian was at the stove making breakfast and Marcus and Isabella sat at the counter across from him already eating. Jo walked up behind Ian and wrapped her arms around him.
“Good morning Mr. Marcellus.”
Ian turned to face Jo and kissed her passionately full on the mouth, “Good morning Mrs. Marcellus,” he said holding her gaze.
Isabella’s fork clattered to the floor and Marcus fell completely off of his seat.



CHAPTER 11
BOUND

“What do you mean, Mrs. Marcellus?” Marcus asked, as he stood up dazed.
Ian flashed Marcus and Isabella the golden ring on his finger, and smirked at the dumbfounded expressions on their faces. They both turned to Jo, obviously wanting her to clarify Ian’s sudden loss of reality. Jo held up the golden band on her own hand, which accompanied her new diamond ring, in response to their silent question and both of their jaws fell open in disbelief.
Ian laughed, “I never thought I would see the day that Isabella Alba would be at a loss for words,” he said, clearly enjoying the fact that Isabella was caught so off guard.
Isabella found her voice, “When did this happen?” she asked, with her mouth still open in skepticism.
“How did this happen?” Marcus interjected.
Ian was still smirking, “Magic,” he said.
“Magic?” Marcus asked, looking thoroughly bewildered.
“Magic, witchcraft, sorcery, whatever you want to call it,” Ian responded.
Isabella looked at the two of them standing together by the stove, “You were married by witchcraft? Does that count?”
“Why wouldn’t it?” Jo piped up.
“Don’t listen to her,” Ian said, giving Isabella a nasty look, “of course it counts, we have the bands to prove it.”
“I still don’t understand, when did all of this happen?” Marcus asked.
Ian turned off the stove, put his arm around Jo and faced Marcus. “Last night I asked Jo to marry me…”
“That would explain the ridiculous amount of flowers,” Marcus interjected.
“You’re quite sharp aren’t you Marcus,” Ian said rolling his eyes, “anyway, after Jo so graciously agreed to be my wife, she began to…well, she began to glow. And then this light wrapped around our hands and we ended up with these,” he held up his hand indicating the band on his finger.
“You glowed?” Isabella asked Jo.
“Yes I did.” 
“Wow, you two get more interesting everyday don’t you?”
Marcus still looked at Ian in disbelief. “Can I see your band?” He asked.
Ian knew that it would take some time for Marcus to adjust to the fact that he had gotten married. He couldn’t blame Marcus for being skeptical; he had after all gone from being the town man-tramp to a married man in just a matter of months. Ian thought that Marcus might also be a little upset with him for asking Jo to marry him so quickly, as it was probably the reason Isabella was at this very moment glaring at Marcus.
Ian took his arm from around Jo with the intent of removing his ring. He gave a little tug, then he gave a yank, and then he pulled with all of his might.
“It won’t come off,” he said.
“What do you mean it won’t come off?” Marcus said approaching Ian.
“What do you think I mean? I won’t come off.”
As Marcus tried to wrestle the ring off of Ian’s finger, Jo slowly put her own hands behind her back. She pulled on her own band, it did not budge, she tried to twist it off, but still it did not move.
“You can stop trying Marcus, they won’t come off,” Jo said.
Ian turned to her, “Yours doesn’t come off either?”
Jo shook her head, “I’m going to go get cleaned up I think we should talk to Lena.”
Ian cleaned up the kitchen while Jo went back upstairs to take care of the mess in the bedroom before they left. After she had showered and dressed, she sat on the bed and looked around the room pondering how much thought Ian must have put into the previous day. She smiled to herself thinking about what a perfect day he had planned for her and her eyes fell to the new rings that now adorned her finger. She had a suspicion as to why the rings could not be removed but she wanted confirmation from Lena. Her attention fell back to the flowers scattered throughout the room.
“Focus your attention where it’s needed,” she said aloud to herself ,and then she took a deep breath and raised her hands. The upturned vases immediately propped themselves back into standing position and gathered themselves neatly under the window. The roses that had shriveled from lack of water, after spending the night on the floor, found their way to the garbage pail along with the loose petals. The spilled water seemed to evaporate and all of the remaining vases that were still intact arranged themselves neatly around the room.
“Bravo,” a silky voice said, as the last vase was about to settle itself on the nightstand.
Jo jumped and lost her concentration and the vase fell to the floor with a crash.
“Mia!” Jo said turning.
“Are you surprised to see me?”
“What do you want?”
“I just came by to say hello,” she said, as her eyes darted around the room and settling on something that she bent to pick up off of the floor. “It looks like you had quite an evening,” she said holding Jo’s nightgown up by one finger and swinging it slightly.
 Jo very casually slipped her hand with the golden band out of sight. She did not know why but she didn’t want Mia to know more than she already did, and there was a possibility that it could mean more than any of them knew.
“What the hell are you doing here?” Ian’s voice sounded from the door and he was at Jo’s side at once.
“Ian, you’re so protective. I wasn’t going to hurt you little witch.”
“Why are you here?” Ian spat in anger, as Marcus and Isabella ran into the room.
 Mia eyed Isabella, “Isabella you’ve disappointed me,” she said walking slowly around the room her eyes constantly scanning everything. “Why may I ask have you not been feeding on the poor unsuspecting citizens of Bromsgrove?”
“How do you know that?” Isabella asked.
 Ian and Marcus eyed Isabella hoping she wouldn’t tell Mia anything, as far as they were concerned the less Mia knew the better.
“She was hoping you’d go on a killing spree,” Ian said, “and I’m sure she thought Jo would be your first victim, otherwise she wouldn’t have bothered turning you, she would have just snapped your neck.”
“You’ve gotten very perceptive Ian,” Mia purred. “It’s too bad you couldn’t have read me so well all those years ago, then you would have known that I would never have had any interest in you,” she said the last words very slowly as she batted her eyes.
 Ian made to lung forward but Jo grabbed his arm and held him back.
 Mia smiled smoothly, “It looks like your witch is just as protective as you are,” she said, her eyes fixed on Jo. Her smile faltered as her gaze fell to the gold band on Ian’s hand and then to Jo’s. “How interesting, you’ve gotten married. So you finally found a woman who will have you Ian.”
Jo watched Mia carefully, her eyes never ceased darting around the room and it seemed her mind was working overtime. When Mia caught sight of Jo watching her she changed her expression at once, her scowl became a smile. She then glanced one last time at the four of them and then turned without further comment and left.
“What was that all about?” Marcus said exhaling as if he had been holding his breath the entire time.
“I don’t know,” said Ian, “but I was hoping to keep our marriage from her, at least until we spoke to Lena.”
“That makes two of us,” Jo said.
As Ian and Jo made their way to the door to leave, Marcus and Isabella came up behind them.
“Where are you two going?” Ian asked.
“With you,” Marcus replied, “we’d like to hear what Lena has to say about all of this.”
Ian opened his mouth to speak but Jo interrupted, “I think it’s a good idea. This does involve all of us, its better if we’re all there.
Lena looked up as the tinkling bell sounded and her expression became harsh upon seeing Jo, Ian, Marcus and Isabella stepping into the store. She hurried from behind the counter and locked the door and turned on them like a rabid dog.
“What in the world are all of you doing here? Are you out of your minds walking in here together? All I need is for someone to see three vampires and a witch walking into my shop!”
“Nobody knows what any of us are,” said Isabella.
“Miss Alba, you can be assured that there are people in this town who know exactly what we are. You can also be assured that some of those people will be reporting a meeting between two witches and three vampires to those who would find it very suspicious and who may want to investigate a little closer.”
“We’re sorry Lena,” Jo said stepping forward, “but we don’t have anyone else to turn to.”
 Lena gave each of them a sharp look, “What, may I ask, is so important that you all needed to see me so urgently?”
 Jo and Ian each lifted their hands to reveal the matching golden bands that decorated their fingers. Lena examined each of the bands in turn and let out a low gasp. Then she beckoned them to the back of the shop where they made their way to the hidden room on the other side of the wall. They assembled themselves around the large wooden table and all sat eyeing Lena as she gathered her thoughts.
 “I am assuming that they don’t come off,” Lena said glancing between Jo and Ian.
 “No they don’t,” Ian said. “Why is that?”
 Lena turned to Jo and gave her a very meaningful look, “I’m sure you know the answer to that question don’t you?”
 “I think so,” Jo said looking down at the band encircling her finger and then looking up at Ian, “we’re magically bound.”
 “That’s correct,” Lena replied.
 “What exactly does that mean?” Marcus asked.
 “It means that Ian and Jo are bound together by magic that is why they cannot remove the rings.”
 “So are they like married?” Isabella asked, chancing a look in Ian’s direction.
 “They are more than married,” Lena began, letting out a slight laugh, “a magical bond like this cannot be broken. They have entered into a magical contract that unlike marriage they cannot just walk away from. You must remember that a marriage is a union between two people and as untraditional as this may be, it is a union none the less.”
 Marcus pondered this for a moment, “What do you mean they can’t walk away? What if they decide that they don’t want to be bound?”
 “At this point they don’t have a choice, they are bound.”
 Ian and Jo looked at each other but neither of them seemed disturbed by this news.
 “I wouldn’t have asked Jo to marry me if I had planned on walking away,” Ian said to everyone but his eyes lingered on Marcus.
 Lena also turned her attention to Marcus, “Your brother is right. If either Ian or Jo had any other intention then to spend the rest of their lives together, the magic would not have bound them.”
 “So there is no way to break the bond between them?” Isabella asked.
 Lena hesitated for a brief moment, “There is only one way that I am aware of,” she said, looking towards Jo.
 “What’s that?” Marcus asked, his eyes wide.
 This time Jo was the one to answer, “Death. We can only be released if one of us dies.”
 They all sat quietly. Lena was deep in thought as were Marcus and Isabella. Ian sat next to Jo with his hand in hers thumbing at the band on his finger. Jo could not help but wonder if Ian would have agreed to any of this if he knew that he was bound to her for the rest of her life. It would obviously be her life that their bond was based on, seeing as she was the mortal. But didn’t Lena say that the bond would not have worked if either of them had not intended to stay together? Ian must have truly wanted to be with her or they would not be sitting here at this very moment talking to Lena.
 Ian leaned in and whispered in Jo’s ear, “I love you.”
 Jo turned to face him and looked at him questioningly.
“You’re worrying,” he whispered, “don’t, I love you.”
 Jo smiled at him and laid her head on his shoulder; he kissed her on the head and stroked her hair.
 Isabella broke the silence, “What about Mia? She knows about the bond. Is there anyway that she can use this against them?”
 “How does Mia know?” Lena asked.
 “She paid us a little visit this morning,” Ian said.
 “Did she say why she was there?”  
“Mia never says why she does anything,” Marcus said.
“She was definitely fishing for something,” Jo interjected, “she seems to be very interested in our relationship.”
“I noticed that too,” said Ian, as he turned his attention to Lena, “Can she use this bond against us?”
 “She may be able to, but she should be more worried that you will use it against her.”
 “What?” Ian looked puzzled.
 Lena looked at Ian and then to Jo. “Remember you are bond together now. If you thought your connection was strong before it was nothing compared to what it is now. If I were Mia I would be quiet frightened.”
 “She is,” Jo said. “I saw it in her face when she noticed our bands.”
 Jo’s cell phone rang as they walked out of Lena’s store. “Clair honey is everything okay?” Jo asked as she stopped walking. “No I’m fine, why would you think that something was wrong?” She looked at Ian and shrugged. “I promise you, everything’s fine…yes Ian is with me, we’re shopping…yes I promise…how’s your father? Okay, I’ll call you later…I love you too.”
 Ian, Marcus and Isabella had all of course heard her conversation.
 “What was that all about?” Ian asked. “Why would she think that something was wrong?”
 “I don’t know it’s a little strange, maybe she’s been at her dad’s too long,” Jo said as she got into the car.
 Isabella settled in the back seat with Marcus, “We should do something, you know the four of us. Thanks to Mia we never did get to go out for our birthday,” she said looking at Marcus. “Let’s go see a movie.”
 Ian cringed as he started the car. Although he wasn’t happy about Mia attacking Isabella, the whole affair did get him and Jo out of spending a night with her and Marcus. “I don’t know, Jo needs to rest she didn’t sleep well.”
 “We don’t need the details of your wedding night, thanks Ian,” Marcus said from the back seat.
 Ian shook his head, “If I didn’t know better, I’d say you were jealous Marcus. Nobody is stopping you two from getting married if you want to.” Ian glared at Marcus through the rear view mirror.
 Jo slapped Ian’s knee so Marcus and Isabella could not see. Ian knew very well that his comment would irk Isabella, but it did shut Marcus up as Isabella was now staring daggers at him.
 “I think going to the movies is a great idea,” Jo said, shooting a warning look at Ian, “and it will be our treat.”
 The four of them went to the local theatre and took their seats in the center of the very back row, with Isabella and Jo sitting in between Marcus and Ian. Isabella chose the movie and seeing as it had been out for a while the theatre was not very full, there was only a hand full of people scattered throughout. As the lights dimmed, Ian took Jo’s hand. Marcus seemed to think he should follow suit and took Isabella’s hand in his, this seemed to please Isabella and she laid her head on Marcus’s shoulder.
 As Jo sat with Ian’s hand in her own she suddenly regretted agreeing to come to the movies. What was she thinking? How could she possibly get through the next two hours in this dark theatre with Ian sitting next to her? Just holding his hand made her heart race, the feel of his skin against hers drove her mad and she felt her palms began to sweat.
Ian shifted slightly in his seat and turned to look at Jo, his gaze lingered on her for a few seconds and then he leaned over her to Isabella and Marcus.
 “We’re going to get some popcorn,” he whispered.
 “You’re going to miss the beginning,” Isabella said.
“We won’t be long,” Ian said, getting to his feet and heading to the isle, pulling Jo behind him.
As they walked hurriedly out into the theatre lobby, Ian’s eyes darted around.
“Come here,” he said still holding onto Jo’s hand and pulling her quickly to keep up with him.
Ian opened a door that was marked PRIVATE and hastily dragged Jo inside. He didn’t speak a word, his mouth was on hers before he even finished locking the door, and his hands were everywhere.
When they returned to their seats Marcus peered over at them, “Looks like you forgot the popcorn,” he whispered, eyeing them suspiciously.
When the movie had finished Marcus suggested they go out to dinner, all the while stealing glances at Isabella. Jo wondered if Ian was right in thinking that Isabella was upset with Marcus because his younger brother who had only been dating Jo for such a short time, had proposed so quickly, and she who had been with Marcus for years, was still waiting.
Jo made a point of dropping her purse in front of Marcus while Ian and Isabella got into the car. Marcus bent to pick up Jo’s purse, and as he handed it back to her, she gently grabbed hold of his arm.
“I can marry the two of you if you like, at least I think I can,” Jo said to him hurriedly under her breath. “Just something to think about,” she winked at him and got into the car.
Dinner was uneventful apart form the waitress snickering at the fact that Jo was the only that did not order a rare steak.
Although Isabella and Marcus did not speak much it seemed through their body language that they were having a private discussion. Jo tried hard to make conversation and nudged Ian to do the same, but it seemed pointless. Isabella was clearly hurt and every move that Marcus made was full of apology. If Isabella dropped her napkin he would pick it up and place it on her lap, before she even made a move to retrieve it. He made sure that her wine glass remained full and stood up to pull out her chair when she left the table to go to the ladies room, and push it in again when she got back.
Ian was the only one who found the quiet rift between them amusing. “It serves him right,” Ian told Jo as they waited for the waitress to bring the bill and Marcus and Isabella went outside to get some air, “they always think their relationship is so perfect. Why hasn’t Marcus asked her to marry him anyway? They’ve been dating for three years and they’re always together, what’s he waiting for?”
“Maybe he’s not ready,” Jo suggested, as the waitress set their bill on the table.
“How can he not be ready? He loves her, she loves him, and they’re practically inseparable. When you find someone that you want to be with that much you dive in head first,” Ian said, leaning over and kissing Jo on the cheek.
“Not everyone is as spontaneous as you,” Jo said smiling.
“Well if you ask me, he’s dragging his feet,” Ian said, as he put the money on the tray and stood up.
“He must have a reason,” Jo said, taking Ian’s waiting hand and getting to her feet.
“He’s scared.”
“Scared of what?”
“Scared of forever. Especially now that they’re both vampires, forever is a long time.”
It was dark as they again piled into the car. Jo asked Ian if they could swing by the café quickly so she could leave Anna and Stephanie their paychecks. When they were just around the corner from the café Jo’s cell phone rang.
“Hello…yes this is Jo Montgomery…I’m actually on my way there now…what do you mean? What kind of accident?”
As they turned the corner Jo’s heart sank. The front of her café was illuminated with flashing lights. Three police cars, an ambulance and a fire truck were in the street prohibiting any oncoming traffic. Jo stepped out of the car, her heart pounded in her throat as she noticed the yellow police tape cutting off entry to her café.
Ian got out of the car and was at Jo’s side in a matter of seconds. As a man swiftly approached in their direction, Ian must have felt her horror or felt her knees giving way or felt her gasping for breath, because he immediately grabbed hold of her arm to steady her. Marcus and Isabella were behind them in a heartbeat.
As Jo looked toward the café she saw paramedics pushing a gurney into the ambulance, the body was completely covered, but whose body?
“Was that a body bag?” She asked, her knees shaking.
Ian caught her arm firmly and held her up as Anna came running to catch up with the man who had just stopped in front of Jo. Anna was hysterical and she was crying uncontrollably, Jo could not make out a word she was saying.
“Miss Davis, I need you to go back to Officer Dowel please,” the man said beckoning an officer over to get Anna, and then turning his attention back to Jo. He was a tall, heavyset man with blond hair that was parted neatly on the side and he had kind brown eyes. His appearance was neat and the navy suit that he wore slightly minimized his stature.
“Are you Ms. Montgomery?” he asked, as Officer Dowel escorted Anna back to a police car.
“Yes, what’s happened? Who’s in the ambulance?”
The man ushered Jo over to a bench on the sidewalk. Marcus and Isabella waited next to the car and Ian took a seat next to Jo.
“Who are you?” The officer asked Ian.
“I’m her husband,” Ian said, putting an arm around Jo’s shoulder.
“I am Detective Steve Quimbly,” the man said squatting down to look at Jo. “I just need to ask you a few questions,” he said, taking a small note pad from an inside pocket of his suit jacket.
 “Questions about what? What happened?” Jo said looking pleadingly at him. She had a very uneasy feeling in her stomach and was starting to feel dizzy.
“Did Miss Stephanie Grayson work for you?”
 “Yes,” Jo said slowly, and then a sudden realization came to her. “What do you mean did? She does work for me.”
 “I’m afraid Miss Grayson is deceased.”
 “What? What are you talking about?”
 “It appears that Miss Grayson was attacked just outside the door while locking up this evening.”
 “Attacked?” Jo’s voice broke and tears started to build in her eyes. “But Anna is the one who locks up the shop.”
 “Well according to Miss Davis she had an engagement this evening and asked Miss Grayson to lock up. She blames herself, that’s why she’s so hysterical.”
 “But who would attack her? She’s such a sweet girl.” Jo’s tears spilled over and ran down her face.
 “Who or what, we don’t know yet. Her throat was mangled pretty badly and she lost a substantial amount of blood, it may have been an animal attack.”
 Ian shifted slightly and his eyes began to dart around in the dark. He glanced toward Marcus and Isabella, who he knew could hear the whole conversation, and gave them the most discreet nod.
 “An animal? What kind of animal would be roaming around the city that could do that much damage?” Jo asked completely unaware of Ian’s sudden uneasiness, and the fact that Marcus and Isabella had just disappeared.
 “We don’t know yet but we are launching a complete investigation. I need to ask you if you knew anyone that Miss Grayson may not have gotten along with, anyone she may have had an argument with recently.”
 “No, I told you she was a very sweet girl. I can’t imagine any one who would want to hurt her.”
 Marcus and Isabella had reappeared by the car; Marcus looked to Ian and gave his head the slightest nod. Jo followed Ian’s gaze and became aware of his and Marcus’s silent communication.
 “May I contact you if we have any further questions?” Detective Quimbly asked Jo, handing her a tissue and standing.
“Yes of course,” Jo said, wiping her tears and standing as well.
 “The café will have to remain closed while we conduct our investigation.”
 “Oh, yes of course.”
 Once the detective was out of earshot Jo glared at Ian, her eyes flaring. “What’s going on Ian?” She demanded.
 “Shh not here, come on let’s go,” Ian said, taking Jo by the elbow and leading her back to the car.
 Once they were in the car and driving away form the flashing lights, Ian looked in the rear view mirror at Marcus.
 “Was it her?”
 “Was it who?” Jo asked, glaring at Ian in a state of utter confusion.
 Ian put a hand on Jo’s lap.
 “Yes I could smell her,” Marcus said with a disgusted look on his face.
 Isabella nodded in agreement, “Me too.”
 Are you going to tell me what the hell is going on? The tears were once again pouring down Jo’s face and her stomach was churning.
 Ian looked at Marcus in the mirror and then gave Jo a quick glance. “We’re pretty sure it was Mia,” he said, now staring at the road ahead of him.
 “Pretty sure what was Mia?” Jo asked.
Ian gave Jo a knowing look but none of them answered her question.
 “You think Mia killed Stephanie?” She said, suddenly understanding their silence.
 “We know she did,” Marcus answered from behind her.
 Jo’s cell phone rang as Ian parked the car and Jo fumbled with a trembling hand to answer.
 “Hello, Clair? What is it? Actually there was an accident at the café. No, everything is not all right. Can I call you back in a few minutes? Yes I promise.”
 Jo hung up the phone and looked at Ian, “I have to get Clair away from here.”
 “Okay, whatever you think is best,” he said patting her knee.
Jo called Marie as soon as they stepped in the door; she made the excuse that Clair had been taking care of her father for far too long, and needed to have a little fun. She would have to call Clair’s school the following day and make alternate arrangements for her exams as she was supposed to be staring them next week. She then called Clair back and told her that she would pick her up in the morning to pack before her aunt came, and she would be staying with her for the majority of the summer. Jo was sure that Clair was suspicious of her motives but she did not care, she wanted Clair as far away form Mia as possible. Jo had seen very little of Clair over the last few months and missed her terribly, she was also disappointed that Clair and Ian had not had any time to get to know each other better.
 Ian interrupted Jo’s thoughts, “It’s funny don’t you think, that Clair always seems to call when you’re upset.”
 Jo looked at Ian intently, “Yes I noticed that too. Why do you think that is?”
 “It could just be because you’re so close,” Ian said, walking to Jo and turning her to face him, “or maybe she is starting to get her mother’s intuition.”
 Jo stared at Ian without speaking. She had felt a bit apprehensive lately that Clair was staring to pick up on her feelings almost the same as Ian had been able to do. She kept pushing the thought from her mind because frankly it scared her. All she was concerned about at the moment was Clair’s safety, and once Mia had been dealt with, she would tell Clair everything.
“I need to go home,” Jo said.
 “You are home,” Ian said, pulling her close and wrapping his arms around her waist. “You’re my wife remember? This is your home.”



CHAPTER 12
DREAMS

Jo awoke suddenly in the early morning, in her own bed. Ian had agreed to take her back home to get cleaned up and pick Clair up from Dean’s before Marie arrived. She was sweating and her heart was racing uncontrollably as she bolted upright gasping. She was having another nightmare but this time she remembered a few slight details. It definitely involved Mia and she thought she remembered Ian being there and although the rest was unclear she was left with a horrible sick feeling deep in her gut.
“What’s the matter?” Ian asked, rubbing her back.
 “Just a bad dream,” she said dragging a hand across her forehead.
 “Another one,” he said pulling her down into his arms and stroking her hair.
 “It’s nothing.”
 “Nothing? You’re drenched in sweat.”
 Jo could not shake the sick feeling in her stomach; she got out of bed and headed to the washroom on the pretense of going to take shower. She sat on the floor and leaned over the toilet, breathing heavily, with beads of sweat breaking out on her forehead. When she was finished vomiting, she decided she might as well have a shower and get ready to pick Clair up. She was sure that once Clair was safely away from Mia that she would feel much better.
 “Would you rather I left before your sister gets here?” Ian asked, as Jo came out of the washroom looking slightly pale.
“No I’d rather you didn’t, she should meet you,” Jo said, pulling on a long sleeved shirt and tugging the sleeves down so they concealed the majority of her hands.
 “Are you trying to cover your band of eternal bond,” Ian said smirking at her.
 “Yes, and I want you to as well. I don’t want to have to answer any questions before I have a chance to talk to Clair. It will be difficult to explain a wedding that neither my daughter nor my sister were invited to.”
 “How am I supposed to do that?” he asked.
 Jo approached Ian and pulled her arms around his neck, “I happen to know that you are very resourceful and I have no doubt you’ll come up with something creative.”
 Ian shook his head and made his way to the bathroom. He came out ten minutes later with his hair dripping and a towel wrapped around his waist.
 “Will this do madam?” He asked, revealing a bandaged hand.
 “I knew you would be creative,” Jo smiled.
 “You do realize that it’s almost June don’t you?” Ian said, as he eyed her long sleeved top.
 She stuck her tongue out at him in response.
 Clair was just as happy to see Jo as Jo was to see her, and she seemed relieved somehow as she got into the car and continuously eyed her mother.
 “What?” Jo asked laughing and taking relief in the fact that Clair was still wearing the Lapis Lazuli necklace that Lena had made for her.
 “I don’t know, something is different about you,” Clair said. 
 “Don’t be ridiculous,” Jo said. “How’s your father?” 
 “He’s doing really well. Dana’s been ringing the phone off the hook, I think she wants to come back,” Clair said, with her eyebrows furrowed, “I think dad was waiting for me to leave before agreeing to it.”
 “Does it bother you that she wants to come back?”
 “Yes! Dad wasn’t good enough for her when he needed looking after, now he’s better and she’s ready to play wife. What a phony!” Clair was clearly upset.
 “Well your dad is a grown man, besides I don’t want you worrying about him, you’ve done enough. I want you to have a good time with your cousins and enjoy yourself.”
 “Yeah, I’m looking forward to seeing them, it’s been a while. How’s Ian doing?” 
Jo subconsciously tugged her sleeve to make sure her hand was covered, which drew Clair’s attention to the fact that she was wearing such a warm top.
 “Ian’s fine, he’s waiting at the house to see you before you leave,” Jo said quickly before Clair had a chance to question her about her choice of wardrobe for such a warm day.
 Ian was sitting on the doorstep waiting for them. As they stepped out of the car he approached them and gave Jo a quick kiss before taking Clair’s bag for her.
 “Hey Ian, it’s nice to see you took good care of my mother while I was away,” then she caught sight of his bandaged hand, “what happened?”
 “It’s nothing, I cut my hand on a broken glass while I was doing the dishes,” he said, making his way to the front door.
Clair hung back for a minute with her mother, “I forgot how hot he is,” she said, nudging Jo.
 Ian had prepared lunch for them and the three of them sat at the kitchen table and ate while they waited for Marie. Jo was uncomfortable as she was so pre-occupied with keeping her rings covered.
When Clair went upstairs to pack, Ian picked up a dishtowel and joined Jo at the kitchen sink.
 “I bet you wish you had thought of bandaging your hand instead of pulling your sleeve down every few minutes?”
 Jo glared at him because he was absolutely right.
The doorbell rang and Clair came running down the stairs, “I’ll get it,” she said, with obvious excitement as she ran to the door.
 Clair led Marie into the living room where Jo waited nervously with Ian. Next to Clair and Ian, Marie was her closest friend. Although the two of them fought as children, as most siblings do, they had grown very close as adults. Jo had taken it very hard when Marie moved away with her family. Jasper had to relocate due to work, and so Jo was left without any family close to her, and Dean had often complained about the long distance charges on the phone bill.
Marie walked directly over to Ian and shook his hand, “You must be Ian, it’s nice to finally meet you. My niece has told me all about you,” she said, stressing the word niece. “It seems my sister is trying to keep you a secret,” she gave Jo a playful look, “and now I can see why.” She looked Ian up and down from head to toe and turned to Jo so that her back was to Ian and gave her a thumbs up. “He’s gorgeous,” she mouthed and then gave her sister a big hug.
 “How is everything Marie?” Jo asked, taking a seat on the couch and tugging at her sleeve.
 “Everything’s fine with us, it’s you who have had an eventful few months from what I hear,” she took a seat next to Jo. “How is that block head of an ex-husband you have?”
 Ian gave a snicker as he took a seat across from the two of them and Clair just rolled her eyes and flopped down on an armchair.
 Jo gave Marie a reproachful look, “Marie! He’s fine according to Clair. I haven’t seen him.”
 “What about that poor girl that worked for you? Have they figured out what happened to her?”
 “No, they’re still investigating,” Jo looked thoughtful and fell silent.
 Ian eyed Jo, she knew instantly that he had picked up on the thought that had just gone through her mind, but to her surprise it was Clair that spoke.
 “You’re going to sell the café aren’t you?”
Jo was astonished, “I’ve been thinking about it.” She had not only been thinking about it but she had decided as much that very morning. The fact that Clair knew this unnerved her and she was even more confident in her decision to send Clair to Marie’s.
 Jo caught Ian’s eyes and he raised his eyebrows and gave her a meaningful look.
 “I had a feeling,” Clair said. “I guess I don’t blame you, I know I couldn’t go there everyday knowing that Stephanie was killed right at the front door.”
 Ian leaned forward and looked seriously at Jo, “Are you sure? You love that place.”
 “Like Clair said I can’t walk through that door everyday knowing what happened to Stephanie, and Anna is in no state to work, nor do I think that she’ll come back. It just seems like a good time.”
Marie patted Jo’s knee, “Well if you do sell, you’ll finally have some free time to come visit us for a bit.”
 “That would be a nice change,” Jo agreed.
After many tears and hugs and promises to call, Ian and Jo waved goodbye to Marie and Clair from the front step. As they turned to go inside, the beautiful red rosebush, that Jo had made blossom at Lena’s, caught her eye. She had taken the plant home and planted it in the front yard where it had blossomed spectacularly. Jo walked over and pulled a rose to her nose and inhaled, she then snapped off one single flower and carried it inside with her. As she set the flower on the counter and thought about what spell she would use on it, Ian spoke.
 “It’s not your fault you know? What happened to Stephanie,” he said hoping up and taking a seat on the counter.
 “I should have been there,” Jo said, raising her hands over the rose, “I have been neglecting the café since I found out about what I am. Mia only went after Stephanie to spite me, it could be Anna next time or anyone for that matter.”
 “You can’t possibly blame yourself for this,” Ian said, while unwrapping the bandage from his hand.
 “I don’t,” Jo said, closing her eyes, “I just feel like it’s time to move on.”
 She stood quite still and chanted something Ian could not make out under her breath. When she opened her eyes there was a stunning arrangement of red roses in place of the single rose that she had placed on the counter.
 “That still amazes me,” Ian said, “Who are those for anyway?”
“Stephanie’s parents. Her funeral is the day after tomorrow. I really am dreading it,” she said, fussing with the stems of the roses, “will you come with me?”
 “Sure if you want me to.”
 Jo picked up the phone and called to set up an appointment with the real estate agent. She knew that once the investigation was finished she would have to summon enough courage to go to the café and clean out her personal belongings. She really did feel that it was time to move on, like she had reached a new chapter in her life. The only regret she had about selling the café was the fact that she had met Ian there, and they had spent so many memorable moments in her office together. Apart from that she was surprised at how easy it was for her to make the decision. It may have been the fact that she nearly killed Dean there, or the fact that Stephanie had died there, but it felt like the right thing to do.
 Ian drove Jo to Stephanie’s house, where she left the arrangement of roses on the doorstep. There were several cars parked in the driveway and Jo assumed that family and friends had gathered to pay their respects, and she did not want to disrupt them. She remembered when each of her parents had passed away, she was grateful that people had stopped by to give their condolences, but she much preferred to be alone with her thoughts or sitting quietly with the rest of the family. It was difficult to make forced conversation or sit in awkward silence with those who didn’t know what to say. What bothered Jo most were the people who thought that it would make her feel better if they told funny stories, when the last thing she felt like doing was laughing.
Jo could not even imagine what Stephanie’s parents were going through. The thought of loosing a child was agonizing enough but losing your only child must be down right unbearable. Jo did not know what she would do if she were in the Grayson’s situation. How would she survive such a tragedy?
Tears began streaming down her face as she looked out of the window, praying she would never have to know the feeling of losing her little girl. Was it unfair to be grateful that Mia had not gone after Clair? Or maybe she just couldn’t get to Clair because of the protective amulet she had been wearing. Could it be that the only reason Clair was still alive was because of the necklace Lena had made for her? Whatever the reason Jo was extremely thankful.
 She closed her eyes and leaned her head against the coolness of the window. Her eyes had been burning from all the crying that she had done since the previous night, and the lack of sleep due to the nightmare she had been having. The movement of the car was soothing and lulled her slowly into a drowsy sleep. The yell that escaped her own mouth jolted her awake.
“Another bad dream?” Ian asked, looking at her concerned.
“The same bad dream,” Jo said running her fingertips across her forehead.
“Can you remember what it was about?”
“Not clearly,” Jo lied, because this time she remembered exactly what the dream was about but did not want to discuss it with Ian.
“Are you okay to meet with the agent? I can call and cancel.”
“No, I want to get this over with as soon as possible,” Jo said, taking a deep breath trying to shake the churning in her stomach.
After meeting with the real estate agent, Jo asked Ian to drop her off at Lena’s shop and to go pick something up for them to eat while she spoke to Lena.
When Jo entered the shop, the bell tinkled its merry little tune and Lena’s eyes automatically looked to the door. She was in the middle of a conversation with a young woman who had long, wild, crimson-red hair and Lena paused mid sentence, holding up a hand to silence the young woman, and beckoned Jo over to them.
 “Jo I’m glad you stopped by, I’d like to introduce you to Azara,” she said, indicating the beautiful young woman.
 Jo took in Azara’s enormous emerald eyes, that closely resembled Lena’s and held out her hand in greeting. Azara hesitated for a second then took Jo’s hand. There was a sudden rush that Jo knew to be the same rush as when she had first shaken Lena’s hand.
“Another witch,” Jo said.
“Yes, Azara is my niece,” Lena explained, “and an extraordinary witch.”
 “It’s a pleasure to meet you Jo,” Azara said. “My aunt has told me a lot about you.”
“It’s nice to meet you as well,” Jo said, inclining her head slightly.
“Well Aunt Lena I have to go, we can continue this conversation later,” Azara said, looking relieved to conclude the intense conversation with her aunt.
“Please don’t leave on my account,” Jo said, “I can come back another time.”
“I wouldn’t hear of it,” Azara said smiling at Jo, “it was nice to meet you, I’m sure we’ll see each other again soon.”
Lena eyed her niece as she headed to the door, “I take it I’ll be seeing you soon as well,” Lena called after her.
“Of course,” Azara said grinning widely, as she stepped out into the warmth of the day.
“I hope I didn’t interrupt anything important,” Jo said, turning to Lena.
“No not at all,” Lena said, waving a dismissive hand, “Azara and I were just brain storming. As I said she is a gifted witch and we get together occasionally to compare notes.” Lena studied Jo’s face for a moment, “What’s troubling you?” She asked.
“A bit of everything I suppose,” Jo said giving a hallow laugh.
Lena stepped around the counter and placed an arm around Jo’s shoulders, “I’m sorry about what happened to young Stephanie, she was a wonderful girl.”
“Yes she was,” Jo said, feeling tears building in her eyes once again. “I can’t believe she’s gone.”
“And Clair has gone as well, to her aunt’s, I mean. You’ve sent her away?”
“Yes, ” Jo said.
“It seems by the circles under your eyes that you’re not sleeping well,” Lena said, making her way behind the counter and taking out a small wooden box, “here.”
“What’s this?” Jo asked.
“My special tea,” Lena replied.
“I don’t have trouble getting to sleep,” Jo began, “it’s staying asleep that I’m having a problem with.”
“Nightmares?” Lena asked.
“Yes. I’ve had the exact same dream three times.”
“When did they start?”
“A few nights ago.”
“The night you were bound to Ian?” Lena asked.
 Jo thought for a minute, now that Lena had mentioned it, that was when the dreams began. She had had trouble sleeping on and off since she first found out that she was the one who was supposed to get rid of Mia, but this particular nightmare began the night her and Ian became bound to each other.
“Yes,” Jo said wide eyed, “why is that?”
“Well I can’t be completely sure, but as I told you before, your bond will be much stronger now that you and Ian are joined with magic. Can you remember the dream?”
“The first time I couldn’t remember anything, I just felt sick to my stomach, and now I know why.” Jo looked down at her hand, focusing on the band that encircled her finger. “I dream of Mia killing Ian, she drives a stake through his heart in front of me, and I can’t do anything to stop it, and then I wake up suddenly, always at the same part. I never dream passed that.”
“It may just be a fear that you have and it’s manifesting itself into a dream,” Lena said, obviously trying to comfort Jo.
“But why don’t I dream of her killing anyone else? I’m terrified for Clair’s safety but I never dream of her harming Clair, only Ian.”
Lena thought for a moment, “I don’t really know if there is any actual purpose to your dream, although I do agree that it is odd to have the same exact dream, usually there would be some varying factors,” she paused seeing Jo’s distress. “Leave it with me and I’ll see what I can find out,” she smiled at Jo and patted her hand. “You should go, your husband is getting impatient,” Lena said pointing at the shop window.
Ian stood outside glaring in the window at the two of them, his arms crossed in front of him and one foot tapping the pavement. Jo rolled her eyes and went out to meet him.
The next two mornings Jo awoke with the sun, sick to her stomach after being jolted awake by her usual nightmare. On the second night she had considered not sleeping at all just to avoid dreaming, but Ian had talked her into having a cup of Lena’s tea, which helped her drift off quickly, but did not stop the nightmare from materializing. She now, once again, found herself on the bathroom floor. As she sat there on the cold tiles, with her forehead resting on the rim of the toilet, Ian came in and leaned against the doorframe. He looked at her in contemplation and then went and sat next to her on the floor.
Jo had made it clear on the previous night that she did not want Ian near her while she was being sick, but he couldn’t just sit in bed and listen to her, nor could he stand in the doorway and watch her.
“Go away,” Jo groaned.
“I’m not going anywhere, so you better get used to it,” he whispered in her ear and then kissed the back of her head.
Once she was sure there was nothing left to expel, Jo stood up slowly, taking Ian’s hand for support and insisted on brushing her teeth before letting him tuck her back into bed.
“Feel any better?” Ian asked, snuggling up next to her.
“Yes.”
“Good, start talking.”
“What do you mean?”
“I don’t believe for one second that you are this ill over a dream that you don’t remember, so you might as well spit it out. You’re not leaving this bed until you tell me what the problem is.”
Jo’s stomach churned as she reluctantly began telling Ian about the dream that had been disrupting both of their sleep. She was surprised that as she spoke and relayed the details of the dream to Ian, she suddenly began to feel better. The sick feeling deep within her stomach began to ease, and the clammy sweat that had broken out on her forehead disappeared. By the time she had finished retelling every minute detail of the dream and all the fears that related to it, she felt like her old self again.
Ian stroked her hair, “There, now isn’t that better?” He asked.
“Yes, surprisingly. I thought that telling you about it would make me feel worse, but I feel so relieved.”
“Haven’t you learned by now that you can’t keep things from me? I think you’ve forgotten how your thoughts affect me.” Ian pulled away from Jo and lay his head down on the pillow next to her so he could look at her and he took her hand in his. “We’re in this together,” he said, kissing the back of her hand.
 Jo smiled at Ian, taking in his beautiful face. How wonderful it was just lying there next to him. She moved closer to him and kissed him sweetly, her mind and body suddenly alert to how much she needed to be with him.
“That’s more like it,” Ian said smiling, “I miss those thoughts. I was starting to think that I would be doomed to visions of Mia driving a stake through my heart forever.”
“You knew?” Jo said looking aghast and pulling away from Ian slightly.
“Of course I knew. Why are you so surprised? I’ve had a portal into your mind since the day we met.”
“So why did you bother asking me to tell you?”
“Because,” Ian said, brushing a strand of hair from Jo’s face, “I knew you wouldn’t feel better until you told me yourself.”
Jo shook her head and moved closer to Ian again. He was right, why was she surprised? He always knew what she was feeling. Why did she think that she could keep anything from him? A few months ago she could at least disguise her feelings, but now he seemed to see right through her.
She lay content in his arms letting her mind wander freely as she stroked his chest. He was so darn irresistible and she felt a stirring inside of herself that had nothing to do with nightmares. She had been so caught up with all the bad that had materialized around her, that she forgot about the good; about the extraordinary connection she had with Ian. It was comforting to know that she had him, he meant so much to her and she was just as determined to protect him, as she was to protect Clair.
Ian suddenly grabbed her and rolled her onto her back so that he was on top of her, and he pinned her arms over her head with one hand.
“I was thinking,” he said, kissing her on the neck between words, “are we going to have a permanent residence, or just keep going back and forth between houses?” He nibbled on her ear as he waited for her to respond.
“I don’t know,” Jo said wrapping her legs tightly around his waist and turning to catch his lower lip with her teeth, “I guess maybe we can spend some time at your house…”
“Our house,” Ian corrected, moving his lips back to her neck.
“Our other house,” Jo said, “It’s nice to have the choice don’t you think?” She said, biting his shoulder playfully.
“Yes, choices are nice,” Ian said, rolling her swiftly over so that they switched positions, and she was now lying on top of him. “Especially if we don’t feel like entertaining Marcus and Isabella, who by the way, have been ringing my phone off the hook.”
“Why?” Jo said, now changing rolls and nibbling on Ian’s ear.
“I don’t know I haven’t answered.”
 Jo pulled back to look at him, “Why not? What if it’s important?”
“If it was important they would be knocking on the front door as we speak.” 
No sooner were the words out of Ian’s mouth when there was a loud banging at the front door, followed by impatient ringing of the door bell, and the sound of Marcus’s voice calling them.
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Ian said, groaning and rolling his eyes. “Where are you going?” he then asked, as Jo got up and grabbed her robe.
“It could be important.”
“No, no, no,” Ian said shaking his head, “just ignore them, they’ll go away. Pretend we’re not here.”
“Oh come on, get dressed,” she said throwing him his pants, “they wouldn’t have come if they didn’t need to speak to us.”
Ian grudgingly got dressed and followed Jo down the stairs to the front door, feeling very bitter towards Marcus and Isabella. It was the first time in days that Jo was relaxed and happy, and feeling like her old naughty self, and he wasn’t about to welcome the interruption graciously.
Jo opened the door and didn’t know what hit her. Isabella flung herself at Jo and squealed something neither Ian nor Jo could make out. Jo’s first reaction was that Isabella was about to take a bite out of her, but after hearing her incoherent excited babble, she let down her guard. Marcus walked in casually behind her with an enormous grin on his face.
“What are you going on about?” Ian said, giving Isabella an irritated look.
Isabella’s voice was frantic as she held up her left hand. “We’re getting married,” she chimed, jumping up and down.
Ian gave Marcus a questioning look but remained silent.
“That’s fantastic!” Jo said sincerely, closing the front door and leading them into the kitchen, where she started pulling out ingredients for breakfast.
Isabella sat at the counter facing Jo; she was absolutely beaming. “Marcus told me that you offered to marry us, but we’ve decided to have an old fashion wedding so my family and friends can be there.”
“I’m thrilled for the both of you, no matter what kind of wedding you have,” Jo said, shooting a look at Ian, who was still glaring at Marcus.
Marcus stood behind Isabella and rubbed her shoulders, “It’s important for Isabella to have everyone there and seeing as you two are the only family that I have, it made sense to do it this way.”
Ian finally spoke up, “You came all the way here to tell us that you were getting married?”
“You wouldn’t answer your phone and besides we didn’t come just to tell you we’re getting married, we came because we thought we should ask you in person?”
“Ask us what exactly?” Ian asked uneasily.
“Ask you to be our Best Man and Maid of Honor,” Isabella blurted out, not being able to control herself.
Marcus walked over to Ian who was now standing next to Jo. “Ian you’re all that I have left, and it would mean a lot if you would stand next to me on my wedding day.”
Ian could not bring himself to be rude to his brother. Marcus was indeed the only family he had left and looking at him standing there, fighting back tears and shuffling his feet nervously, made Ian feel like they were little boys again.
“Of course I will,” Ian said, clapping Marcus on the shoulder.
“What about you Jo,” Isabella said, her eyes wide, “will you be my Maid of Honor?”
“The honor would be all mine Isabella.”
Isabella let out her loudest shriek yet and jumped off of her seat to embrace Jo and then planted a kiss on Ian’s cheek. This caught Ian completely off guard and he couldn’t help but let out a laugh. Marcus also gave Jo a hug as he thanked her quietly in her ear. Jo patted him in silent response as she peered over his shoulder at her own husband, who had a wide smile on his face. Ian knew by the look in Jo’s eyes that his moment of kindness towards his brother had just earned him substantial brownie points with his wife, and although it had not been his intention, he would be rewarded greatly for it.



CHAPTER 13
MOURNING MORNING

After they had eaten breakfast and Isabella had worn out all possible topics about her wedding to Marcus, Jo and Ian had to excuse themselves to get ready for Stephanie’s funeral.
“You’re more than welcome to stay and make yourselves at home,” Jo told Marcus and Isabella.
“Thanks for the offer Jo,” Isabella said, “but we have to go and tell my parents the news, they don’t know yet. We wanted to tell you two first.”
Once Marcus and Isabella had left, Jo and Ian showered and dressed for the funeral. Ian looked striking in his black suit, which made his eyes look even more mesmerizing than usual. Jo had finally settled on wearing a plain, knee length black dress and sheer shawl with matching black suede pumps. It didn’t matter to Jo what she was wearing, she hated funerals, and having to see Stephanie lying in a coffin knowing what had caused her death, made Jo furious. To know that the reason Stephanie’s parents were now childless, was because of Mia, made her burn with anger and she felt the warmth rising up flushing her cheeks.
“What are you so angry about?” Ian asked, ceasing the fight with his tie and placing each of his hands on Jo’s shoulders.
“Who says I’m angry?” Jo asked, her eyes flaring in flames.
“Jo it’s me you’re talking to, besides your eyes are a dead give away.”
 Jo closed her eyes and inhaled deeply until she felt the anger inside of her subside slightly and then opened them and looked seriously at Ian.
“It’s Mia. The Graysons lost their child for absolutely nothing. They think that this was some sort of freak accident and I hate having to face them knowing how she really died.” Jo placed her hands over Ian’s tie as she spoke and then removed them to reveal a perfect knot.
“We’ll deal with Mia when the time comes,” Ian said, pulling Jo into his arms, “but you can’t change what’s already happened.”
 Jo’s anger with Mia was replaced by complete sorrow as she and Ian entered the funeral home where Stephanie’s service was being held. Stephanie’s parents were standing in front of the coffin, which to Jo’s relief, was closed. Stephanie’s father was consoling her mother, who sobbed uncontrollably into his shoulder.
A few people had taken their seats and sat speaking quietly among themselves; some with silent tears rolling down their faces and all in a completely somber state.
 As Jo made to take a seat Ian held her back and whispered to her quietly, “You’ll feel better if you paid your respects before the service begins.”
“I don’t want to interrupt.”
“I think the Graysons would be disappointed if you didn’t go speak to them. Remember where their daughter lost her life.”
 Jo grudgingly approached the Graysons while stealing a glance back towards Ian, who nodded his encouragement. As the couple turned to face the on coming footsteps, Jo could not help but notice that Stephanie had been the perfect mix of both of her parents. She had her mother’s blonde hair and brown eyes and her father’s high cheekbones and full mouth, it was as if each of them took their best features and infused them into their daughter.
“Mr. and Mrs. Grayson, I’m Jo Montgomery, your daughter worked for me at the café,” Jo said, extending a hand.
“Please call us Ted and Lynn,” Mr. Grayson said, as he took Jo’s hand a clasped it in both of his own.
Mrs. Grayson looked at Jo kindly with a tear-streaked face and embraced her. “Thank you so much for coming. Stephanie spoke very highly of you, she loved working at your café.”
“She was an extraordinary young lady, I can’t tell you how sorry I am,” Jo said.
“Please don’t apologize, we’re very grateful that you came.”
Jo noticed that the arrangement she had left on the Graysons’ doorstep was amongst all of the other flowers placed around the coffin. A large lump formed in her throat and her eyes began to sting as she looked passed all of the arrangements to where Stephanie lay peacefully enclosed inside the coffin.
“She was all we had,” Mr. Grayson said, as he took in Jo’s distressed expression. “I understand you have only one child as well.”
“Yes,” Jo said, “Clair, she’s a few years younger than Stephanie. I can’t imagine…” her voice trailed off at the very thought of Clair lying in a coffin, and knowing she would never get see her again or hear her voice or smell her sweet scent when she walked into her untidy bedroom.
“We had trouble conceiving her,” Mrs. Grayson said, “and I had complications during the delivery, which resulted in us not being able to have any more children.” Tears were once again trailing slowly down Mrs. Grayson’s face. “It wouldn’t have made a difference; losing a child no matter how many you have is unbearable. It’s just difficult to know that you’ll never see your child grow up or get married, and to know that you’ll never experience the joy of having grandchildren. It’s sad knowing that it ends with us,” she paused, “there’s nobody left.” Her eyes lingered on Stephanie’s coffin and then back to Jo, who stood looking at the two of them with her eyes full of tears and her heart heavy with grief.
 “If there’s anything I can do for you, please ask,” Jo said.
 “There’s nothing to be done my dear,” Mr. Grayson said, patting her on the arm.
 As more people approached the Graysons to pay their respects, Jo turned to make her way back to Ian. As she lifted her burning eyes to find him, a figure silhouetted in the doorway, caught her attention. A woman dressed in a long, sleek, black, slip-like dress and a shoulder length black veil concealing her face, stood taking in the substantial crowd, which had gathered in the short time that Jo had spoken with the Graysons. She was standing as if she were ready to walk down a runway rather than enter a funeral home. Her hips were casually thrown to one side and her left hand was positioned on her tiny waist as her right hand dangled loosely at her side.
 “Damn her!” Jo mumbled to herself, as she headed straight for the figure at the door in complete resolution.
 When she was a little more than half way to the door, someone stepped out in front of her barring her way. 
 “Hi Jo,” said a red-eyed Anna.
 “Anna!” Jo said, caught off guard. “It’s good to see you, how have you been?”
 “I’ve been better.”
 Jo fully took in Anna’s appearance. There were dark circles under her eyes and her complexion was pale. Her hair was pulled back carelessly and her makeup lacked the usual attention that Anna put into its application. It was as if she had only decided to come to the funeral at the last minute. Jo sensed that something was not right but she couldn’t put her finger on it.
 “Anna, are you feeling alright?” Jo asked, as she extended her hand to rub Anna’s arm.
 Anna pulled back from Jo’s touch, “I’m fine, well not fine obviously, but I’m okay.”
 “You don’t look well,” Jo said, giving her a searching look.
 Anna’s eye’s darted sideways and she seemed unusually nervous. Jo got the impression that she was looking for somebody.
 “Are your parents with you?” Jo asked glancing quickly around the room.
 “No, I uh, came with a friend,” Anna said, staring at her shoes.
 “And where is your friend?” Jo said feeling her face flushing.
 “Bathroom, I think. I should go and find her, I’ll talk to you later Jo,” Anna said, and hurried away.
 Jo did not go after Anna but watched her as she walked quickly to the front door, where Mia was still positioned. Although Anna did not stop to speak to Mia, Jo’s eyes flashed as she became sickeningly aware of a very quick exchange between the two of them.
 “Not here,” It was Ian who blocked her way this time.
 “How dare she show her face here,” Jo said glaring at the figure in the doorway.
 “She wants you to make a scene. Let it go for now this is not the place, let the Graysons mourn their daughter in peace.”
 Ian led Jo to their seats and Jo tried to clam herself down. Ian was right, the Graysons had every right to a peaceful service and she was going to make sure that they got it, but no matter how hard she tried she could not shake the rage she felt. How dare Mia show up here after what she had done! Jo felt her eyes burn and knew that she needed to control her anger and focus her energy. She closed her eyes and felt Ian pull his arm around her shoulders, and give her a slight squeeze.
When she got control of herself she chanced a glance at the door to see if Mia was still there, but she was gone. Jo scanned the room, and her eyes narrowed as she caught sight of Mia sitting in the isle across from them waving at her menacingly with her fingertips.
 “Oh she’s so infuriating!” Jo said with her jaw clenched and a ball of fury deep in her gut. She threw Mia an enraged look and was pleased to see Mia jolt in her seat as if she had been electrified. She composed herself then looked up at Jo with an irate expression on her face. Jo resisted the overwhelming urge to stick her tongue out at her.
 Once the service had finished, everyone made their way to the cemetery for the burial. The crowd around the plot was quite large, but Jo still caught sight of Mia skirting next to a group of trees in the distance. She flitted from one to the other as if she were performing an interpretive dance.
 “What is she doing?” Jo whispered to Ian.
 “She’s trying to irritate you.”
 “Well it’s working,” Jo said bitterly.
 “You have to stop letting her get to you so easily,” Ian said, putting an arm around Jo’s waist. “I’m sure she’s testing you to see how far she can push you.”
Jo eyed Mia as she pranced in and out of sight. It was as if she were gloating about what she had done. Jo was glad to see that no one else had noticed Mia’s disrespect as they all dabbed at their eyes and consoled each other. She felt her annoyance flare up again as Mia stood on tiptoe and began to do an elegant pirouette. As Jo stood there stewing in her anger with her jaw clenched tight, Mia stumbled and fell hard against a tree. A slight laugh escaped Jo, which she quickly disguised as a cough, while Ian bit his lip to hold back a laugh as well; he had apparently been paying attention to the silent exchange between the two of them. Mia dusted herself off as she stood up and looked over at Jo seething in resentment and then disappeared.
 “How was it?” Marcus asked, as Jo and Ian walked through the front door.
 “Entertaining,” Ian laughed.
 Isabella looked up from the couch, “The funeral was entertaining?”
 “No, Jo and Mia were entertaining,” Ian said, flopping down on the couch across from her.
 Jo sat down next to Ian, “It’s not funny,” she gave him a little nudge. “She’s so damn annoying!”
 Marcus took a seat next to Isabella, “Mia was at the funeral?” He looked disgusted.
 “Yes she was!” Jo exclaimed, not being able to keep the bitterness out of her voice.
 “But you scared her off didn’t you?” Ian said rubbing Jo’s back with a smirk on his face.
 “What did you do?” Marcus and Isabella asked simultaneously looking at Jo, and then at each other as if they were irritated that they had spoken at the same time.
 “Let’s just say that Jo knows how to keep Mia in her place,” Ian said, not being able to take the smile off of his face.
 “I don’t want to talk about Mia,” Jo said straight faced and turning her attention to Isabella, “How did it go with your parents?”
 “Great!” Isabella said looking at Marcus with obvious adoration. “I didn’t know that Marcus had asked my father for permission before proposing. My father is very old fashion and was thrilled that Marcus had stuck to tradition, he has given us his blessing and offered to pay for the whole wedding.”
 “Wow, good call on buttering up dad,” Ian said, taking off his tie and opening a few buttons on his shirt.
 “I just wanted to do it properly,” Marcus said, taking Isabella’s hand and kissing it, “I mean you only get married once, you should do it right the first time.”
 Isabella batted her eyes at Marcus and laid her head on his shoulder, “Isn’t he the most romantic guy you’ve ever seen?”
 “You deserve it,” Marcus said, kissing Isabella’s head, “Oh we haven’t told you, we’ve set a date.”
 “A date?” Ian questioned.
 “A date for our wedding,” Isabella said in exasperation.
 “It’s going to be on August twenty first,” Marcus said.
 “That’s the day after my birthday,” Ian noted.
 “I know,” Marcus said. “Isabella’s parents are leaving for Italy for two months the following weekend and we don’t want to wait until next summer.”
 “And we certainly don’t want to be married in the cold, but next month is too soon so we settled on August,” Isabella finished Marcus’s explanation.
 “You’re not upset are you?” Marcus asked Ian.
 “No, as long as I don’t have to celebrate your anniversary on my birthday it’s fine with me.”
“You never celebrate your birthday,” Marcus mumbled under his breath.
Ian suddenly felt a stirring inside himself and he pretended not to hear Marcus’s comment as he shifted uncomfortably in his seat. He looked over at Jo who had suddenly become very quiet; she was staring at him with a familiar gleam in her eye. Ian knew that look very well. The corner of Jo’s mouth twitched as her eyes raked over the exposed skin of Ian’s chest and then up to his inquiring face.
 “Well I don’t know about you, but I’m exhausted,” Ian said, stretching his arms out and giving an exaggerated yawn.
 “Me too,” said Jo, imitating Ian, and yawning widely.
 “It’s only six fifteen,” Isabella said, looking at the grandfather clock in the corner.
“It’s been a long day,” Ian said, getting to his feet quickly, taking Jo’s hand and pulling her anxiously to the stairs.
 “Goodnight,” Jo called, giggling as Ian scooped her up and hastily made his way up the steps.
 “You’ve got to be kidding,” Marcus said shaking his head, “is that all they do? Where do they get the energy?”
 “Is what all they do?” Isabella began, “Oh that,” she said comprehending suddenly why there was an unexpected out break of stretching and yawning.
 Ian was half undressed before stepping into the bedroom; Jo seemed to be full of a renewed vivacity that she couldn’t undress him quickly enough. She lingered on his lips for a long time and tasted blood as Ian pulled back slightly.
 “Easy, there’s no rush. What’s gotten into you?” Ian asked with laugh, as he wiped the blood from his lip with the back of his hand.
 “You just drive me crazy,” Jo said, returning eagerly to his mouth.
 Ian was not about to argue. He had been so upset with Marcus and Isabella that morning for interrupting because he didn’t know how long it would take to get Jo back to her old self again. But by the vigor in which she was kissing him, he knew that his wait had come to an end.
 “Lucky for you I heal so quickly,” Ian said, lifting Jo off of her feet and walking her over to the bed.
Jo didn’t know what had gotten into her. It seemed the more time she spent with Ian the more she wanted him. She thought that the feeling would subside eventually but it just seemed to get more intense. The only time the feeling seemed to abate in any degree was when she was having nightmares of Mia killing him.
 Jo turned and pushed Ian down on the bed then climbed on top of him, “Do you feel that?” She said closing her eyes and sitting still for minute.
 “Of course I do,” Ian said, pulling her down to him.
“But do you feel it because I feel it, or can you feel it on your own?” Jo said, pulling back slightly and looking Ian in the eye.
 “Jo I’ve felt this way about you since I met you. I thought you knew that.”
 “I do, but it just seems so much more intense now doesn’t it?”
 “Yes it does!” Ian said a little impatiently, to let Jo know that this discussion could wait for a later time.
 Jo let out a laugh, “Oh, I’m sorry.”
 “Well you can’t just attack me like a barracuda and then start talking emotions,” Ian said, unzipping the back of her dress and rolling her over onto her back.
 He knew the exact feeling that Jo was talking about. There were many times when all Ian had to do was look at Jo and it would drive him absolutely insane. At first he thought as Jo did, that he was just picking up on her feelings, but when Jo had been preoccupied with the dreams she was having, he knew the feeling was not coming from her, because he felt the terror that was going through her in combination to the desire he himself was feeling. He remembered Lena mentioning that the connection between the two of them would be stronger now that they were magically bound, but he didn’t think that she meant the desire for each other would increase as well. Not that he was complaining, he enjoyed nothing better than being with Jo, and the two of them shared so much more than just a physical connection. Never in all of his years of roaming the earth did Ian think he would find someone he would love so much, and that would love him back so selflessly in return. The feeling of knowing such unconditional love only heightened the connection between them.
Later, as Ian lay content with Jo in his arms, he heard an odd gurgling sound. “Is that your stomach making all that noise?”
“I’m starving,” said Jo, “aren’t you? We haven’t eaten since breakfast.”
“Yeah I am,” Ian said, getting up and pulling on a pair of pants, “come on let’s go make something.”
“Now? What time is it?” Jo said, craning her neck to see the clock.
“It’s ten o’clock,” Ian answered, as Jo got up and pulled on pair of pajama pants and a snug t-shirt.
Ian and Jo had decided that they should each keep a wardrobe at both houses until they decided on permanent living arrangements. Jo did not want to make any decisions until the issue with Mia had been resolved and Clair was brought up to date with all that had been happening. She also had to take into consideration if Clair wanted to move. Clair might not want to move into Ian’s house and she may not like the idea of living with Marcus and Isabella. It had been just the two of them for so long and Jo did not want to force Clair into anything.
“Do you think Marcus and Isabella are still downstairs?” Jo asked, as they started down the hall.
“I hope not, I really don’t want to hear any more about their wedding plans,” Ian said.
“They’re just excited,” Jo said, “let them enjoy it.”
Ian stopped on the landing and faced Jo, “Are you disappointed that we didn’t get to do any of that, you know, picking invitations and centerpieces and all of that stuff?”
 Jo placed a gentle hand on Ian’s cheek, “No, I’ve already done it once remember? And look where that got me. Truthfully, I don’t think I would have wanted to go through all of that again.” Jo looked thoughtful for a minute, “What about you? You’ve never had a wedding. Are you disappointed?”
“I think it’s the marriage that counts not the wedding, and I can honestly say that I’m glad that I didn’t have to pick out flowers and frills and all of that. It’s really not my thing.” Ian moved in close and kissed Jo, “I think we had the perfect wedding.”
“Are you two so tired of the bedroom, you have to use the stairway now as well?” Marcus chided, as he appeared at the bottom of the stairs.
“We’re hungry,” Ian said, taking Jo’s hand and continuing down the stairs.
“That’s a surprise. Do you two even eat anymore or do you survive on love?” Marcus said in an airy voice putting the palms of his hands together, placing one side against his face and batting his eyes.
“Humor was never really your strong suit,” Ian said, passing Marcus and looking around, “speaking of love, where’s Isabella?”
Marcus started up the steps, “I took her home,” he stopped and leaned against the railing crossing his arms in front of him, “we decided to sleep apart until the wedding.”
“See now that’s funny,” Ian said.
“Why is that funny?” Marcus asked furrowing his eyebrows.
“You expect us to believe that you two are not going to have sex for the next two months?”
“Some of us can control ourselves Ian,” Marcus said in a playful tone.
“Yes some people can, but not you two. Just because Jo and I don’t hide it like you and Isabella, doesn’t mean anything Marcus,” Ian said, turning towards the kitchen and speaking over his shoulder, “I think you’re forgetting that I have the same heightened sense of hearing that you do lover boy.”



CHAPTER 14
COLD SPAGHETTI

 Ian was chopping onions and garlic for spaghetti sauce, as Jo took out ground beef to begin making meatballs. Pasta was Jo’s favorite, and Ian apparently caught on to the fact that Jo also loved garlic, seeing as he was chopping so much of it.
 “So I guess the whole garlic thing is a myth?” Jo asked, as she seasoned the meat.
 “Most of the things you’ve heard about vampires are myths,” Ian said, as he bit a piece of garlic, “besides I would have run from you long ago if that was the case. Vampires are just normal people who happen to have different nutritional needs then everyone else.”
 “Very different,” Jo said, as she began mixing the meat mixture with her hands.
 Ian laughed, “Yes very different, but what people seem to forget is that we drink blood out of necessity not because we want to. Very few vampires actually choose to become vampires, most of us didn’t have a choice, and the ones that do choose it, do it for all the wrong reasons. They don’t understand the unquenchable thirst, and most can’t control it, especially at the beginning.”
 “Was it hard for you?” Jo asked, now rolling out little meatballs.
 Ian added the tomatoes to the sautéed garlic and onion, “Yes, it’s actually a horrific feeling. You know that what you’re doing goes against everything you believe, but you can’t help yourself. The hunger is so strong all you can think about is feeding. It took me a long time to learn to control myself. Marcus caught on much quicker than I did; he tried to help me but I didn’t listen, I just wanted to drink as much as I could as often as I could. Eventually the control came and I could feed without killing, and after I met you I lost all desire to feed from humans all together.”
 Jo began dropping meatballs into the sauce as Ian stirred the pot. He leaned in and gave her a lingering kiss. Jo pulled back and wrinkled her nose.
 “You reek of garlic,” she said laughing.
 “Oh, is that right?” Ian said smearing sauce on her nose.
 Just as Jo was about to retaliate with a finger full of sauce, the doorbell rang. Ian and Jo looked at each other both wondering who could be at the door at this hour. Jo thought that maybe Isabella had changed her mind, and Marcus must have been thinking the same thing because he was in the kitchen in a matter of seconds.
 “Was that the doorbell?”
 “Yes,” Ian said,” are you expecting someone?”
 “No, not unless Isabella decided to come back.”
 Jo washed her hands and went to stand next to Ian as Marcus answered the door. It took a minute for any of them to recognize who was standing on the step. The smile instantly faded from Marcus’s face, as he realized it definitely was not Isabella. Jo and Ian just stood staring in utter disbelief. Jo was the first to recover her senses as the strange encounter from the funeral home came flooding back to her.
“Anna! What happened?” Jo said, stepping forward to take Anna’s hand.
 Ian stepped in front of Jo, shaking his head. Jo understood his concern, as Anna’s appearance was much worse than it had been that morning. Her face was smeared with blood and her hair was tangled and knotted, she stood in front of them with her chest heaving inside her torn blouse as if she were gasping for her last breath.
 “I can’t stop!” Anna cried out, “I tried but I can’t! Help me! Please!” She fell to her knees and sobbed, grabbing her hair in apparent agony. “Please, make it stop!”
 Marcus snapped to attention, he blocked the doorway and spoke over his shoulder, “Ian, have you got Jo?”
 “Yes,” Ian responded, as he steered Jo into the kitchen, keeping himself between her and the door.
 Marcus took Anna by the arm and lifted her to her feet, guiding her into the house. He closed the door with one hand and kept a tight hold of Anna with the other.
 “Take out a bottle of wine and change it,” Ian said to Jo, still keeping her behind him and not taking his eyes off of Marcus and Anna.
 “She’s been changed hasn’t she?” Jo asked, rummaging in the cabinet for a bottle.
 “Yes, and we won’t be able to get any useful information out of her until she’s had enough to drink.”
 Jo took out two bottles for good measure. She took hold of Ian’s hand, which was awkward as he stood with his back to her so he could keep an eye on Anna, who was still crying and begging Marcus to help her.
 “We’re going to help you just calm down,” Marcus repeated.
“I tried, I really did, but I couldn’t stop.” Anna was half hysterical, her eyes began to dart around the room and then fell on Ian; she paused and sniffed the air.
 “Jo are you just about finished?” Ian asked under his breath.
 “There, all done,” said Jo, letting go of Ian’s hand just in time for him to grab Anna around the neck.
 “I thought you had her,” Ian said, giving Marcus an angry look.
 “I did, she’s fast,” Marcus said, looking bewildered.
 Ian took the bottle Jo had handed him in his free hand and dragged Anna to the couch with the other. She kicked and screamed as she tried to free herself, glaring at Jo the entire time.
 “Stay there until she calms down,” Ian said to Jo, with apparent concern.
 Marcus helped Ian restrain Anna and sit her back down on the couch. Anna’s eyes were wild and she looked so unlike her usual self that Jo had no desire to get any closer to her, not because she was scared but because it was so unsettling to see her in such a state.
 Ian opened the bottle and handed it to Anna, whose nostrils flared and eyes widened at the smell. She snatched the bottle instantly and drained it.
 “You can have as much as you want,” Marcus assured her.
 “She said you were vampires, but I didn’t believe her,” Anna said, her eyes still wide.
 “Who said we were vampires?” Ian asked, already knowing the answer.
 “Mia, she said there were others but I thought she was making it up,” Anna said, wiping a hand across her forehead.
 “What else did Mia tell you?” Ian asked, making an indication for Marcus to bring another bottle over.
Jo stepped out from behind the kitchen counter with the other bottle in her hand and Marcus was at her side instantly to take it from her.
 “Is that blood on your nose?” Marcus asked with a look of unease.
 Jo was confused as she reached up to wipe her nose, and then remembered the sauce that Ian had smeared on her moments before Anna had arrived. She had forgotten all about how hungry she was until this very second, and her stomach growled longingly as she caught the scent of the garlic infused sauce wafting from the stove.
“No, it’s not,” she said, as she handed the bottle to Marcus and began to follow him out into the living room.
 “Jo stay where you are,” Ian called to her.
 “She can’t hurt me,” Jo said, as she continued to walk out with Marcus.
 As Jo got closer, Anna’s chest began to heave once again and her eyes grew in anticipation, a growl escaped her lips as she threw Ian aside and lunged at Jo. Ian sprinted after her and before Marcus had a chance to block Anna’s advance, there was a loud thud and Anna fell to the ground inches away from Jo’s feet along with Ian who had run into her.
 “I told you she can’t hurt me,” Jo said, picking up the bottle that Marcus had dropped.
 Anna was once again dragged back to the couch kicking and screaming by Marcus and an incensed Ian.
 “You’re right, she is fast,” Ian said to Marcus.
 Jo stepped closer to Anna and handed her the bottle, then knelt in front of her and gave her a compassionate look. Anna took the bottle from Jo but did not shift her eyes from Jo’s gaze. She took a few sips and her breathing calmed slowly.
“What happened to you?” Jo asked quietly.
 Anna took another sip from the bottle and wiped her lips with the back of her hand, all the while glaring at Jo.
 “I couldn’t stop, I tried…” Anna began.
 “We know you tried,” Jo said, “why don’t you start by telling us how you got like this, did Mia do this to you?”
 Anna nodded, “Yes, she was in my room this morning when I got out of the shower. I didn’t know who she was and before I could scream she had her hand over my mouth and she bit me,” Anna now placed a hand on her neck. “I think I passed out or something because when I woke up I was lying in the woods and Mia was standing over me,” she paused and drank some more then looked at Jo. “She told me that she was a vampire and that she had changed me. I didn’t believe her. She said that there were a group of campers headed our way and that I should drink as much as I could because she needed me to be alert,” Anna looked down and tears fell onto her hands.
 “It’s okay, it’s not your fault,” Jo reached out and rubbed Anna’s arm and she flinched at Jo’s touch.
 “She said that you’re a witch and I shouldn’t trust you,” Anna said, wiping her face.
 “So why are you here?” Jo asked.
 “I couldn’t think of anywhere else to go. I mean look at me; I couldn’t exactly go home could I? I went to your house first but you weren’t there, so I came here,” Anna said, looking up at Ian and Marcus, who stood at either side of Jo like sentinels.
 “Anna we need you to tell us everything that happened. Can you do that?”
 “Yes,” she took a long drink and continued, “the campers came like she said they would, and I…I couldn’t stop myself, I didn’t want to but I couldn’t stop. I was so hungry and I could smell them. I didn’t stop until every drop was gone. Mia just stood and watched, laughing the whole time. She took me to the stream and told me to wash the blood off then took me home and said that I needed to look presentable. When I was ready she said that she was coming with me to the funeral and that if I didn’t do exactly as she asked, my family would be her next meal.”
 “What exactly did she want you to do?” Ian asked.
 “She wanted me to lure Jo outside. She gave me plenty to drink before I went into the funeral home so I would be able to control myself but I could smell blood everywhere, it was making me insane. I didn’t think that I would be able to make it outside, I was hoping that you would follow me,” Anna said to Jo, “but you didn’t and she was furious with me, she said that I’d be sorry. I spent the rest of the day hiding in the forest until I thought it would be safe to come see you.”
 “Did she tell you what she wants with Jo?” Marcus asked.
“No, but she really hates you,” Anna said, looking at Jo, “she gets so angry when she talks about you and she never says your name, she just calls you witch.”
“Well the feeling’s mutual,” Jo said, getting to her feet.
 “I can’t say I blame you,” Anna said, “I just met her this morning and I already hate her.”
 “Anna, can you remember anything else? Anything Mia may have told you that could be useful?” Ian asked.
 Anna was thoughtful for a moment, “No, I don’t think so.”
 Jo paced the length of the room and paused next to the kitchen, “Ian can you help me find some more wine bottles? I want to make sure Anna has enough to drink.”
 “They’re in the…” Ian began and then stopped short at the irritated look on Jo’s face.
 Jo walked into the kitchen with Ian close behind her. She pretended to rummage through the cabinets, and when Ian bent down and gave her a quizzical look, she whispered so softly that barely a sound escaped her lips.
 “Flirt with her,” Jo said, as she closed a cabinet.
 “What?”
 “Flirt with her,” Jo repeated, standing back up and grabbing a bottle of wine from the cabinet, then setting it down on the counter before making her way back into the living room.
 “Wow, you can really turn wine into blood?” Anna asked.
 “Yes,” Jo answered, “so you don’t have to worry about running out.”
 Ian strode slowly back into the room and casually sat on the couch next to Anna, who suddenly looked uncomfortable. Jo made the excuse of getting a wet towel for Anna to clean herself up and left the room. Ian shot Marcus a quick glance, which clearly indicated he should leave the room as well, and he followed Jo to the main floor washroom, asking if she needed any help.
 When Jo and Marcus were out of view, Ian relaxed into the couch and stretched his arm around the back so that it rested behind Anna’s head. He knew that although Jo and Marcus were out of sight, Marcus was well within earshot.
 “So I guess I owe you an apology?” Ian began.
 “For what?” Anna stuttered, her eyes shooting quickly sideways to sneak a look at Ian.
 “I was a little rude to you the first time we met. I was having a bad day and I shouldn’t have taken it out on you, I’m sorry,” Ian gave her a slight smile that resembled a shy schoolboy.
 “It’s okay,” Anna said, chancing another peek at him.
 Ian leaned forward and held Anna’s gaze for a moment, “I never noticed how incredibly green your eyes are.”
 Anna smiled shyly and folded her hands in her lap, her eyes constantly darting sideways at Ian.
 “I always thought you were smart,” Ian said, taking advantage of the lingering smile on Anna’s face, “I guess Mia thought so too or she would have gotten somebody else to help her.”
 “Well she’s not very happy with me right now,” Anna said, the smile fading from her lips.
 “Don’t you worry about Mia, I won’t let her get away with what she’s done to you,” Ian said, as he brushed a piece of hair out of Anna’s face.
 Anna gazed deeply into Ian’s eyes, “What are you going to do?”
 “Well it would be a lot easier if I knew what she was up to,” he said gazing at her, “then I would have something to work with,” Ian paused and ran his hands over his face, “are you absolutely sure you don’t remember anything else Mia said? Anything at all that might be useful? I know she must have really shaken you up,” he said, patting Anna’s knee, “but I need you to think really hard, she must have said something to you.”
 Anna turned her body slightly toward Ian, “Everything from this morning just seems so hazy. I remember her saying that she would get Jo one way or another, and if she couldn’t get to her directly she would have to figure out another way to do it.”
Anna sat quietly, Ian could tell she was desperately combing through her memories of the morning to find a morsel of information that she could relay to him. He once again patted her knee and got to his feet.
“It’s okay if you can’t think of anything else, maybe something will come to you later,” Ian said with obvious disappointment on his face.
“No wait,” Anna said, pulling Ian back down on the couch, “I remember her mumbling something, she spent a lot of time mumbling to herself. She said something about getting the two of them apart, but I don’t know who she was talking about. She said that maybe separating them was the answer.”
“And at the funeral home she asked you to lure Jo outside?” Ian asked, staring Anna squarely in the eyes.
“Yes.”
Ian sat with Anna staring at him. She was replaying the entire morning in her mind on fast forward trying to remember something else she could tell Ian, anything to keep him talking to her.
If the approaching footsteps did not give away Marcus and Jo’s return, the pout on Anna’s face sure did. Jo walked in with Marcus trailing behind her, she handed Anna a warm wet towel and a hairbrush.
Ian began to play with the golden band on his finger as he gave Jo a meaningful look, an act that did not escape Anna’s newly fine-tuned attention. Anna reached out and grabbed Jo’s hand and was suddenly jolted in her seat, a split second before Ian was in between the two of them.
“I’m sorry, I just wanted to see your hand,” Anna said, shaking off the lingering sting in her own hand.
“Why?” Jo asked, and then caught Anna’s eyes sneaking a glimpse at the band on Ian’s finger. “To see this?” She raised her hand to show Anna the mirror image of Ian’s ring.
“You’re married?” Anna’s face reddened and her jaw tightened.
“Yes, did Mia forget to mention that to you?” Ian answered.
“Yes she did,” Anna was clearly furious with herself for not seeing through Ian’s obvious flirtation, and she glared at him in pure hatred.
“Don’t be angry,” Ian, said as he knelt down in front of Anna, “it was the only way to jog your memory. We need to know what Mia’s up to.”
“It wasn’t very nice.”
“I agree, and once again I’m sorry.”
“I’m the one who should apologize,” Jo interrupted, “I asked him to.” She took the towel from Anna’s hand and began to gently wipe the dry blood from her face. “It’s important to know as much as we can, we can’t let Mia have the upper hand or we’ll all be in trouble. Thank you for helping us and I’m sorry I asked Ian to flirt with you, you’re right, it wasn’t very nice.”



CHAPTER 15
INTUITION

 “Clair honey, what happened? Are you alright?” Marie said urgently, as she ran into Clair’s room. She had been on her way up the stairs when she heard Clair screaming and ran heart pounding to see what had happened.
 Clair was sitting on her bed hugging her knees to her chest and crying uncontrollably. She looked up at her aunt with desperation in her eyes but she did not speak, she wouldn’t have even known what to say if she could have managed to get any words out.
 Marie moved slowly to the bed and sat down next to her niece, “Clair what’s the matter?”
 Clair still did not speak; she was in shock. Had she really seen what she had thought she’d seen? She wasn’t sure if it was a dream or if it was real, and if it was a dream it certainly felt real. She was in a state of confusion and the look on her face reflected the turmoil that was going on inside her head. She grasped at the necklace that hung around her neck; it had grown hot at the moment that she had screamed, and at the same moment a sudden rush of inconceivable information came flooding into her mind numbing all of her senses.
 “Clair, you’re scaring me,” Marie said, looking at her with evident concern, “please tell me what happened.”
 Clair suddenly jumped out of bed and began carelessly grabbing her things from around the room and shoving them purposefully into her bag. “I have to go home right now,” she said, stuffing a pair of socks into a side pocket.
 “Now?” Marie questioned, “It’s almost midnight, your mother is probably sleeping.”
 Clair froze at Marie’s words. She dropped the shirt in her hand and began breathing so heavily that she thought she might pass out.
 Marie hurried over to her, “Are you ill?”
 Clair shook her head and sobbed even harder.
 “Did you hurt yourself?”
 Clair shook her head again and swayed on the spot.
“You really have to tell me what’s wrong,” Marie said, steadying Clair and leading her to the bed, “what happened?”
Every time Clair opened her mouth to speak the only thing she could manage to say was, “I have to go home.”
Marie looked at Clair desperately trying to figure out what was the matter with her. If she wasn’t hurt and she wasn’t ill what would have caused her to scream? More importantly, what was she so terrified about? Marie wracked her brain trying to think of a possible explanation for Clair’s sudden madness, but couldn’t come up with any reason for this erratic behavior. 
 “Maybe I should call your mother,” she said dejectedly.
 Clair was shaking violently as she looked up at her aunt. Why hadn’t she thought of that? She nodded frantically at Marie.
 “You want me to call your mom?” Marie asked, mimicking Clair and nodding at her. 
Once again Clair nodded insistently as a spark of hope rose inside of her. Yes that would be best, they should call her mother and then she would know for sure.
 Marie sat on the edge of the bed and dialed her sister’s number. After several minutes she put the phone down. “It’s the answering machine, but don’t worry I’ll try her on her cell phone,” she said, as she noted the panic rising in Clair’s expression.
Clair knew by the look on her aunt’s face that her mother had not answered her cell phone either. Marie left a message on Jo’s voice mail and then set the phone back down on the nightstand, “I’m sorry Clair but she’s not picking up.”
 Clair stomped resolutely over to the phone and picked it up with an unsteady hand. She dialed Ian’s number and waited with her heart in her throat listening to the ringing in her ear. One ring, two rings, three rings, four rings, five rings, she had already known from the moment she had dialed the number that nobody would answer. The phone fell from Clair’s shaking hand and clattered to the floor.
 “Oh my God, I knew it! Aunt Marie, I have to go home, I have to! Please take me home, something’s wrong I just know it! Please Auntie take me home!”
 At that moment Jenna came into the room. She paused in the doorway and took in the scene before her.
 “Thank God, Jenna,” Marie said, as soon as she noticed her daughter in the doorway, “I don’t know what’s wrong with her. Help me calm her down.”
 Jenna did not move right away, she stood studying her cousin who was running around the room throwing everything she could into her bag. She did not seem as surprised by Clair’s frantic desperation to leave as Marie did, and it took her until now to come and see why her cousin had screamed in the first place. Jenna stood in a silent debate with herself about what to do for her cousin. How could she even begin to help her?
 “Jenna! Can you help me please?” Marie said loudly, as she followed Clair aimlessly around the room.
 “You need to take her home mom,” Jenna said, as she walked into the room and began helping her cousin gather her things.
 “Take her home? It’s so late.”
 Jenna strode over to face her mother “If I were acting like this,” she said, motioning to her cousin, “wouldn’t you want Aunt Jo to bring me home?” She asked in a hushed voice.
“Yes, of course I would,” Marie said, “but I don’t know what’s wrong with her. What am I supposed to tell your aunt?”
 “Tell her that her daughter wants to come home.”
 “But your father has the car. Mine is at the shop, remember? He and Joshua are camping and they won’t be home until the morning.”
 “Why don’t you try to get a hold of him on his cell phone and I’ll help Clair,” Jenna said as calmly as she could.
 It seemed to Jenna that she would have to be the voice of reason, as her cousin and mother were both not thinking clearly. Clair’s frantic outburst had sent Marie into a state of deep concern and confusion, and it was obvious to Jenna that she needed to restore some level of order. 
 Jenna went back to her cousin and took a top out of her shaking hand, “Here let me do that for you, why don’t you have a seat for a minute.”
 Marie was beside herself, she had no idea what was going on and what in the world was she going to tell her sister? She reluctantly headed to her own room to call her husband but decided to try her sister one more time first. She called Jo’s house and her cell phone but once again there was no answer on either.
 Clair sat quietly on her bed crossed legged watching Jenna pack her things for her. Neither of them spoke although they glanced at each other periodically wondering what the other was thinking. Clair watched her cousin absentmindedly, something felt different somehow, and there was a sort of unspoken sense of unity between the two of them.
 “Thank you Jenna,” Clair finally managed to get out. She didn’t know why, but now that she was alone with her cousin, she felt that she could speak freely.
 “You’d do the same for me,” Jenna responded.
 “You must think I’ve gone crazy,” Clair said.
“Actually, no I don’t,” Jenna said, zipping Clair’s bag closed.
 Clair got off of the bed and walked over to her cousin. She reached for her bag and caught sight of Jenna’s face.
 “Have you been crying?” Clair asked.
 Marie walked into the room as Jenna opened her mouth to answer her cousin, “I got a hold of him. They’re packing up and coming home but they won’t be back until early morning. I’ll take you home as soon as they get back,” she said reassuringly to Clair.
“Thank you Aunt Marie,” Clair said, putting her bag down and sitting on the bed.
 “Why don’t you try and get some sleep until they get here,” Marie said, as she sat down next to Clair and placed an arm around her shoulder. “Don’t worry I’ll wake you as soon as they come in.”
 Jenna sat on the other side of Clair, “That’s a good idea,” she said, “Mom why don’t you try and get some sleep as well, I’ll stay with Clair.”
Clair was relieved that her cousin had made the suggestion, but the look on Marie’s face told her that she had no intention of leaving her side.
 Clair turned to face her aunt, “I’m so sorry that I disrupted your night. I had a really bad dream, it felt so real and I guess I just needed a few minutes to clam down. I’m fine now I promise. It would make me feel better if you went and got some rest.”
Marie eyed her niece, she had never seen her act so irrationally and she wanted to keep an eye on her. From the moment she heard Clair scream she had a gut wrenching feeling that she just couldn’t get rid of. Even now that Clair had told her that all of this commotion was due to a bad dream, she still could not shake the sickly feeling rising into her throat.
“Mom, we’ll be fine,” Jenna said. “I promise I won’t leave Clair’s side.”
 Marie contemplated the two girls for a few minutes and then grudgingly left the room. She knew that Clair and Jenna were close and she also knew that Jenna would come and get her if there were any problems, so she plopped herself down on her own bed, knowing full well that she would not sleep a wink.
 Jenna lay back on Clair’s bed and patted the pillow next to her indicating that she should lie down as well. The two girls lay quietly next to each other, each of them staring up at the ceiling lost in their own thoughts, and both of them appreciating the other’s silence.
 Clair was grateful that Jenna had offered to stay with her, she somehow felt calmer having Jenna next to her. Clair loved her aunt very much and in any other circumstance she would have welcomed her company, but at this very moment she could not think of anyone, apart from her mother, that she would rather have next to her. She and Jenna had always been very close but for some odd reason she felt closer to her now than ever, and it suddenly struck Clair how hard it must be for Jenna to refrain from questioning her. She herself wanted to question Jenna about why she had been crying but she had the feeling that she may not want to know the answer. Maybe Jenna was thinking the same thing; maybe she was scared to find out what had spooked Clair so completely that she felt the need to go home at this very second.
 Clair’s thoughts drifted back to the dream, or vision, or whatever it was that she had. She herself wasn’t sure if she was awake or asleep but she knew that it was far too real for her to ignore.
She had spoken to her mother and Ian everyday since she left to stay with her aunt for the summer, and that morning was no exception. They both sounded extremely happy and joked with Clair about her missing the rehearsal dinner that they were hosting for Marcus and Isabella that evening.
It was Ian’s birthday and he was less than thrilled about having to celebrate it with Isabella’s family. He offered to change places with Clair and Jo had scolded him and told him to behave himself. They seemed so happy that Clair began to wonder if she was just overreacting, but the more she thought about it the more she absolutely knew that she was not.
The vision was etched in her mind and she knew beyond a doubt that she had to get home as soon as she possibly could, although she also knew that it would make no difference. Her being at home would not change a thing but at least she could see with her own eyes and then she would know for certain.
 Clair hoped with all of her heart that she was wrong, but what if she wasn’t? What would she do? She began to wonder if it was such a good idea to have made such a scene in front of her aunt and cousin. If she was wrong she could just pass it off as paranoia over an extremely realistic dream. But what if she was right? How was she going to explain that? Could she pass off such a display of madness as plain old intuition? She suddenly felt so alone; the feeling was incredibly overwhelming as she lay in the darkness with her thoughts enveloping her and tears began to race down her face onto the pillow.
Just then she felt Jenna’s hand in hers. “I’m here,” was all she said.
 Those two small words not only caught Clair off guard, but brought her more comfort than she thought possible. How could Jenna have known that those were the words she most needed to hear? She turned to her cousin; although it was dark she could see her face from the glow of the full moon coming in through the window. Jenna lay perfectly still with her face looking to the ceiling, and Clair caught sight of a tear shimmering on her cheek in the darkness. It was at that exact minute that Clair realized that she was not alone, she understood with complete certainty that Jenna was with her. Not just lying next to her, but with her. Jenna had seen the same thing that Clair had seen, that’s why she had been crying earlier and that’s why she was crying now.
 “Oh Jenna,” Clair gasped.
 “Shhh, mom’s coming,” Jenna said, suddenly feigning sleep.
 Clair thought it best if she too pretended to have gotten some rest and quickly turned her head and closed her eyes.
 “Clair honey, wake up. They’re back, we can leave now,” Marie said quietly, as she gently patted Clair’s arm.
 Both girls blinked their eyes sleepily and stretched out as if they’d slept solidly for hours.
 Clair sat up, “We can leave now?” She asked groggily.
 “Yes, but are you sure you still want to go?” Marie asked hopefully.
 “Yes,” Clair said, getting out of bed and picking up her bag then turning to her aunt, “I know that I’m asking a lot of you but I just have to go.”
 “It’s okay sweetheart, I know you must miss your mother terribly,” Marie said quietly. “I’ll just wait for you downstairs,” she said, as she turned and closed the door behind her.
 The full impact of Marie’s words hit Clair like a sledgehammer, and she dropped her bag and wrapped her arms around her stomach sobbing. Jenna jumped to her side and embraced her.
 “Jenna I’m so scared,” Clair blurted out.
 “I know,” Jenna said, “we’ll do this together, okay?”
 Clair pulled away from her cousin, “You’re coming with me?”
“I’m not leaving your side,” Jenna said, as she picked up the bag with one hand and took Clair’s hand in the other.
 Clair followed Jenna down the stairs noticing how uncomfortably quiet the house was. She had been expecting to hear her aunt and uncle talking in the kitchen or her cousin, Joshua’s voice, he was naturally loud and they would have heard him even if he were whispering.
They entered the kitchen to find Marie sitting alone with her head in her hands and a cup of untouched coffee in front of her.
 “Where are they?” Jenna asked, looking around the kitchen.
 Marie jumped at the sound of Jenna’s voice; she had obviously fallen asleep waiting for them to come downstairs. She got up and put her mug into the microwave to reheat it and then took it out and downed it in a few gulps.
 Clair now, on top of everything else she was feeling, felt extremely guilty. Because of her, Jasper and Joshua had to come home early from their camping trip, and her aunt was going to drive for two hours on virtually no sleep. She found it unnerving that her uncle and cousin did not even wait up long enough to say goodbye. Could they be angry with her for ruining their trip? Was her aunt upset with her for making such a fuss to go home, and for having to drive so far so early with such little sleep?
Jenna repeated her question, “Where are they?”
“They went to bed.”
“We didn’t hear them come up,” Jenna said. 
“Joshua wanted to put the tent in the basement so they can pretend that they’re still camping,” Marie said, smiling as she poured more coffee into a travel mug.
The three of them walked out to the driveway and Marie got into the driver’s seat.It was a beautiful crisp morning. The sun was just starting to peek out over the distant trees and the birds were gathering themselves in bunches on the surrounding fences to begin their morning chatter.
Clair paused before getting into the car taking in a deep breath and letting the fresh morning air fill her lungs. It felt very odd to feel so completely dark and empty on such a glorious morning.
 Jenna looked at Clair meaningfully and reached out a hand, “I’m here,” she said.
“I know,” Clair said, as she gave Jenna’s hand a squeeze.
Clair got into the car knowing that she was going where she inevitably had to go, but also knowing that she would not like what she found when she got there. She settled herself in the back seat with her heart throbbing, wishing beyond all hope that just this once there was no such thing as intuition.



CHAPTER 16
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME

 Ian rolled over, “I still don’t know why we have to do this on my birthday,” he pouted as he handed Jo back her cell phone.
 “Because the rehearsal dinner follows the rehearsal and seeing as the rehearsal is tonight, so is the dinner, that is why it’s called the rehearsal dinner,” Jo repeated for what felt like the tenth time. “I thought you didn’t like celebrating your birthday anyway.”
 “I don’t usually but this year I have you to celebrate with,” Ian said, as he snuggled closer to Jo and nipped at her neck playfully.
Jo knew the real reason that Ian did not like celebrating his birthday was because his mother had died giving birth to him, and so in his eyes the day had no cause for celebration. She had wanted to plan a party for him without pushing him into it and the rehearsal dinner seemed a good way around the situation. Jo knew that no matter how much Ian had denied it, he was upset with Marcus and Isabella for planning any celebrations, even a rehearsal dinner, on this day.
 “We can have our own private celebration if it makes you happy,” Jo said.
 “That would make me very happy,” Ian purred in her ear.
 Jo leaned over the side of the bed to grab her purse. She opened it, took out a small box and handed it to Ian.
 “I told you not to get me anything,” Ian said, fumbling with the box, clearly unaccustomed to receiving gifts.
 “Just open it,” Jo said.
 Ian opened the box and glared inside.
 “Do you like it?” Jo asked nervously. She did not know how Ian would react to being given a gift. Marcus had advised her against it, but she wanted to do something to make this day as special for Ian as she could.
 Ian took the gold band out of the box and held it up. “I love it,” he said with a look of utter surprise on his face.
 “Read it,” Jo said, indicating the inscription engraved inside.”
Ian looked closely at the band and then turned to face Jo. “Forever,” he said, with slightly misted eyes.
 “I know we already have bands but I wanted to get you one from me that wasn’t made with magic.”
 Ian slid the band onto the ring finger of his right hand, “I’ll never take it off,” he said, leaning in and kissing Jo whole-heartedly.
 Jo looked seriously at Ian, “I love you so much, please never forget that.”
 “That is the one thing that I will never forget. I don’t think you realize the difference you’ve made in my life; I don’t know what I would do without you. I love you so much.”
 Jo smiled sweetly at him and placed a hand on his cheek, “Happy birthday Ian.”
They spent the next hour intertwined in such a fit of passion that they had fallen back to sleep and were awaken by a thunderous banging on the bedroom door, and the sound if Isabella’s frantic voice.
 “Will you two get up already? I am going to give you twenty minutes and if you’re not downstairs I’m coming in to get you, and I don’t care if you’re naked Ian!”
Jo stretched her arms and yawned, “I don’t think she’s joking.”
 “No she’s not,” Ian groaned.
 Ian and Jo walked into the kitchen both showered and refreshed. Ian poured Jo a cup of coffee and himself a glass of juice before Isabella had a chance to get into a steady tirade of scolding.
 “Do you two have any idea how much we need to get done today?”
 Ian held up a finger to silence Isabella and she stopped short. He downed his cup of juice and refilled his glass, “Okay, go,” he said pointing his finger at her to indicate that she could resume her ranting.
 This act of defiance seemed to fuel Isabella’s fury all the more, “Ian do you think this is a joke? You still have to go with your brother and my father to pick up the tuxes and the centerpieces, Jo and I have to pick up the dresses and take them to her house and then we have to stop at the florist, and may I remind you that the two of you have volunteered to make dinner for tonight!” Isabella swayed slightly, it seemed that the absence of breath between words combined with the stress of the day, left her unbalanced.
 Jo walked over to Isabella and handed her a cup of coffee, “It will all get done even if I have to do it myself.” 
Ian rolled his eyes, “That’s all she needs is more coffee, it looks like she’s had ten cups already.”
 Jo gave Ian a reproachful look just as Marcus came in the front door accompanied by a short slender man with a substantial mustache.
“Daddy!” Isabella squealed, as she ran to embrace her father.
Marcus introduced his soon to be father-in-law, Dominic, to Ian and Jo. He was a handsome man apart from his lack of height; he had a full head of dark hair and eyes to match, and except for the mustache, it was apparent that Isabella got her looks from him.
Jo took a minute to remind Ian to be on his best behavior before he left with Marcus and Dominic, and once the three of them had left, Isabella seemed to simmer down slightly. She threw herself onto the couch and took a few deep breaths.
“Don’t worry, everything is going to be perfect,” Jo said, taking a seat next to her.
“I hope so, it’s all so overwhelming,” Isabella admitted.
“But it will be worth it in the end, don’t you think?”
 Isabella smiled at Jo’s question. Apart from the obvious stress of planning a wedding Isabella couldn’t wait to be Marcus’s wife. Most of the planning had gone as smoothly as could be expected with almost all of the conflicts being between Isabella and her family. The particulars of the wedding did not matter much to Marcus, as long as Isabella was happy, and having no other family except for Ian, who really did not care one way or the other, there was nobody from the Marcellus family to raise any objections.
The wedding was being held at a large Catholic church, which also contained an elaborate hall especially for such occasions; this was one aspect of the wedding where Isabella’s parents were not flexible. Ian and Marcus would of course be dressing at home and Isabella and Jo would be dressing at Jo’s house. This caused a considerable argument between Isabella and her mother, who was insulted that her first born daughter would not be preparing for her wedding at home. Isabella on the other hand did not think she could take being primped and fluffed by so many people on the one morning that her nerves were sure to be severely stressed. So the compromise was that Isabella would get ready at Jo’s and then the two of them would go to Isabella’s house for pictures and leave to the church from there.
Isabella turned to Jo, “Thank you.”
“For what?” Jo asked.
“If it wasn’t for you I would have completely fallen apart by now.”
“No you wouldn’t have. You have a great family, they love you and they just want you to be happy.”
“Yes that’s true, but throughout all of this planning you are the only one, with the exception of Marcus, that has bothered to ask me what I want.”
“I’m the Maid of Honor, that’s my job.”
 Isabella let out a soft laugh, “Well thank you for doing your job so well.”
 “It’s my pleasure. I’m looking forward to having you as my new sister.”
 “Yeah, but I bet Ian’s not.” 
 “Of course he is, he just doesn’t know how to show it. He knows you make his brother happy, and that makes him happy. Don’t let him fool you. We’re all family now we need to take care of each other.”
 Isabella leaned her head on Jo’s shoulder, “I love you Jo, and I’m happy you’re the one Ian chose.”
 “I love you too Isabella.”
 Although the rest of the day went by quickly, Jo missed Ian so terribly and by midday she started to feel extremely uneasy. She had the strangest feeling that someone was watching her and she had become so jumpy that Isabella had to remind her that she was not the one getting married. There was a fleeting minute, while they were in the flower shop and Isabella was busy talking to the florist, when Jo could have sworn that she saw Mia looking in through the window but when she walked outside to confront her, there was nobody there. The strange feeling stuck with Jo for the remainder of their errand running and when they finally returned to the house Jo dropped her purse at the front door and ran into Ian’s arms with the same amount of enthusiasm as he returned her embrace with.
 “You would think you haven’t seen each other for months,” Marcus said, as he began to unpack the groceries that he and Ian had picked up.
 “That’s what it feels like,” Ian said tightening his hold on Jo.
 “Oh for heaven’s sake will you two get a grip on yourselves,” Isabella said, “you’ve only been apart a few hours, and I don’t think I need to remind you that you have to cook dinner for all of our guests, who will be arriving in,” Isabella stopped and looked at her watch, “three hours! Oh my God I have to go get ready. Marcus we have to be at the church in two hours!” She looked at Jo and Ian with wide eyes, “Are you sure you are going to have enough time to cook dinner and be ready for the rehearsal?”
Jo reluctantly pulled away from Ian and made her way over to Isabella; she placed her hands on Isabella’s shoulders and looked her straight in the eyes. “I don’t think that I need to remind you that you’re very soon to be sister-in-law is a witch and a very talented one at that, so please just go and get ready, because other than that you have absolutely nothing else to worry about.”
Isabella gave Jo a relieved smile and looked to Marcus, “Are you coming?”
“I’ll be right behind you, you go ahead.”
As Isabella left the room, Marcus leaned close to Jo and whispered as quietly as he could, “You will have everything ready right? You weren’t just trying to calm her down? You have everything under control don’t you?”  
“Marcus I can hear you!” Isabella shouted from the stairs.
Marcus gave Jo a pleading look.
“Both of you need to have a little more faith in me,” Jo said, “I said everything will be ready and it will be. The only thing I don’t have any control over, is getting the two of you ready so please just go upstairs and stop worrying.”
Ian rolled his eyes and headed into the kitchen to finish taking out the groceries and look over the list to make sure he hadn’t forgotten anything.
Marcus turned to Jo, “Thank you so much.” Jo let out a laugh as he unexpectedly picked her up off of her feet and swung her around in an exuberant hug. “I love you Jo and if I wasn’t already marrying Isabella I’d steal you away from my brother.”
“I can still hear you!” Isabella shouted from upstairs.
Marcus set Jo back on her feet and skipped away like a little boy on his way to the candy store.
“One at a time in the shower,” Ian called to Marcus, “I’ll be listening to make sure you keep your vow of celibacy.”
Jo stood behind Ian and tightly wrapped her arms around him, resting her head against his back, “Have I told you how much I love you?” She whispered as she took in his scent.
 Ian turned to face her, “You may have mentioned it,” he said, thumbing at the band on his left hand, which had become such a habit that he did it absentmindedly.
 Jo smiled and stared into his beautiful icy eyes, “I missed you.”
 Ian kissed her in response. He ran his hands down her sides then pulled her close to him. He felt her warm breath on him, which drove him mad, and he slid his hands up under her top.
 “You’re not the only one listening!” Isabella’s voice rang from upstairs.
 Ian closed his eyes in exasperation, “We should definitely spend the night at your house,” he said, as he pushed a strand of hair from Jo’s face.
 “Our house,” Jo corrected, “and you can’t because Isabella’s sleeping over tonight, remember?”
 “That’s just great!” Ian pouted as he returned his attention to the groceries spread out on the counter.
 “It’s just one night,” Jo said rubbing his back and looking over the food he had purchased. “I didn’t write strawberries and chocolate on the list.”
 “I forgot we weren’t spending the night together,” Ian said sulkily, “you said we could have private celebration.”
 “I thought we already did,” Jo smiled.
 Once again a booming voice sounded from upstairs, “I don’t hear any cooking going on down there!”
 Ian began slamming pots and pans onto the stove mostly out of anger, but partly to make sure Isabella had no further reason to scold them. Jo did not speak but made sure to touch Ian whenever the opportunity arose to let him know that she was there with him, and to reassure him that they had a lifetime of nights together. She wanted to be subtle with her movements so she did little things like patting his back as she walked passed him or rubbing her arm against his as they both stood chopping meat and vegetables. She leaned close to him on the pretense of rinsing her hands as he washed lettuce and with every touch she could feel his anger diminishing. 
When a last everything was prepared and simmering on the stove, Jo leaned across Ian to pick up a dishcloth and was startled to feel him clamp a hand over her mouth. She looked up at him wide eyed as he placed a finger over his lips to indicate that she shouldn’t speak. He seemed to be listening for something and then looking satisfied he lowered his hand and motioned for her to follow him.
Jo knew that if Isabella didn’t hear the clinking of pots and pans she would get suspicious, so she raised her hands over the stove until all of the spoons were stirring the pots of their own accord. Ian smiled at Jo proudly and then scooped her up and threw her over his shoulder. She had to stifle her scream as he tossed her onto the couch and pounced on top of her.
“Did you think rubbing up against me every chance you got was going to make things any better?” He whispered so quietly and so softly in her ear that chills ran down the length of her body and every hair on her arms stood on end.
Jo motioned to the stairs to indicate that Marcus and Isabella would be down at any minute. Ian smiled widely at this gesture almost to the point of laughing, which told Jo unmistakably that Marcus had about as much self-control as his brother did.
 When Marcus and Isabella finally made it downstairs they both looked positively stunning. Marcus was extremely well groomed, he was clean-shaven and his hair, which usually had a purposefully messy look, was smooth and stylish. He wore black pants and a black shirt that made his emerald eyes stand out incredibly. The tie that he wore matched his eyes perfectly as did the sleek dress that Isabella wore. She looked equally striking in her long dress, which apart from the color, reminded Jo of the dress Mia had worn when she had seen her at Stephanie’s funeral. Isabella rarely wore her hair up, seeing her now with her hair swept up off of her face was breath taking, and Jo wondered why she didn’t wear her hair up more often.
“Wow you two look amazing,” Jo said covering the final pot.
“Thank you Jo,” Isabella said looking Ian and Jo up and down, “I hope you two are not coming dressed like that.”
 Ian was staring at Isabella like he had never seen her before.
 “I never thought I would see the day when Ian Marcellus would be at a loss for words,” Isabella teased.
 Jo nudged Ian and he snapped back to attention, “I have to say, you really do look great,” he admitted, “both of you.”
 “Thanks Ian, that’s a real compliment coming from you,” Marcus said, half smiling as if he was waiting for something, maybe an insult or snide remark, but none came.
 Ian just smiled at the two of them before taking Jo’s hand and leading her to the stairs.
“We have to leave soon, so there’s no time for…well you know, so hurry up,” Isabella called after them.
Ian stopped and turned in the direction of Isabella’s voice, “Lucky for you we had some time while we were cooking, but I guess you wouldn’t know that, seeing as you were so busy getting ready.”
“That’s disgusting! My parents are eating that food!” Isabella called back to him.
“I told you he would hear us,” Marcus whispered.
 By the time Jo and Ian were finished they looked just as stunning and Marcus and Isabella. Ian, at Isabella’s insistence, dressed the same as Marcus with black pants and a black shirt, the only difference was that Ian opted for a black tie instead of emerald, and Jo did not miss the meaning behind this choice. She herself also dressed in black, not only had she wanted to make sure that all attention was on Isabella but she wanted to impart her loyalty to Ian in some way; although she knew that the evening was about Marcus and Isabella it was after all Ian’s birthday and the day that he and Marcus had lost their mother, a fact that had haunted Ian for over a century.
 Ian smiled broadly when he saw Jo, “Have I told you how much I love you?”
“You may have mentioned it,” Jo said, stifling a laugh. Her smile faltered almost instantly as she rushed to the window.
“What’s wrong?” Ian asked urgently.
“Mia!” Jo said, scoffing as she leaned out of the window.
“What?”
“That’s the second time today I’ve seen her. The first time I let it go, but now I’m sure it was her.”
“You saw Mia today?” Ian asked.
“Yes, at the florist, but when I went to look she was gone. I just saw her again out the window. She’s up to something; I know it! I’ve been feeling uneasy all day.”
“Do you think she’s planning on sabotaging the wedding?”
“Over my dead body!” Jo said resolutely, and then suddenly lowered her voice, “Do you think they heard us?”
Ian listened intently for a minute, “No, they’re too busy sampling our cooking.” 
“Good, don’t say a word, I don’t want to ruin their day.”
The rehearsal went well apart Jo having to constantly remind Ian to smile.
“Why do I have to smile? My job is to stand next to Marcus and hand him the ring.”
“That’s your job as the Best Man, your job as his brother however is to support him and not make him feel uncomfortable in front of Isabella’s family. It’s only one night Ian.”
“Are you forgetting about tomorrow?”
“Okay, two days, isn’t your brother worth two days?” Jo placed a hand on Ian’s arm, “I know that your mother’s gone, but he’s still here. Try not to forget that.”
Ian looked down at the floor knowing that Jo was right, “I would feel better if we weren’t spending the night apart. You know how uneasy I get being away from you.”
“Not any more uneasy than I feel, but sometimes we have to make sacrifices for the ones we love.”
“There are some sacrifices that I am not willing to make.”
“Please can’t you just pretend to be happy for them?”
“I am happy for them,” Ian said, turning to face Jo.
“You have a funny way of showing it,” Marcus said, walking up behind them, “Isabella’s dad keeps asking me if he’s offended you.”
Ian looked truly embarrassed by his own behavior, “I’m sorry Marcus, and I’ll talk to Dominic. By the time I’m finished, he’ll wish I was the one marrying his daughter.”
“Let’s not get carried away,” Marcus said, “just make nice with everyone, it will all be over soon enough, is that asking too much?”
“No it’s not. Don’t worry I’ll behave, I promise,” Ian said, slapping his brother on the arm.
For the rest of the evening Ian was as pleasant as could be and by the time they had returned to the house he had Isabella’s dad laughing so hard that tears ran down his face and he had to grab a hold of Marcus for support.
“You’re husband is quite the charmer.”
“Lena!” Jo exclaimed, as she threw her arms around her friend, “I didn’t know that you were coming.”
“Isabella thought that since you have no family close by, it would be nice for you to a least have a friend here.”
“That was thoughtful of her.”
“She’s very fond of you,” Lena said, as she helped Jo set the table.
Dinner itself was a huge success. Isabella’s entire family ranted that they had never tasted such authentic Italian food, apart from that which they had made at home, and could not believe that Jo and Ian had cooked the entire meal.
Ian took it upon himself to make a rather impressive speech and he toasted the happy couple at least ten times throughout the night. He became increasingly social with each glass of wine, and even danced with Isabella’s mother as well as her sister, which impressed Jo most of all because having met Patricia before, Jo knew that she could be wearing on even the calmest of nerves.
 “Well you certainly kept your promise,” Jo said striding slowly up to Ian, who was leaning casually against the kitchen counter.
“What promise would that be?” Ian asked.
“Your promise to make nice with everyone.”
“Well a promise is a promise,” Ian said, “but you’re the only one that I really want to make nice with,” he whispered in her ear.
Jo was astounded that after having had so much to drink Ian was still completely steady on his feet and not even the slightest bit tipsy.
“Don’t forget you also promised that you’d behave.”
“Ah yes I do recall saying that, but I don’t recall saying for how long,” he said, as he pulled Jo into his arms and ran his hands slowly down her back. “Did I mention how absolutely delicious you look this evening?”
“No I don’t think you did,” Jo said, laying her head on his chest.
“Well let me tell you then,” Ian said, raising Jo’s chin so he could look at her, “you look absolutely delicious, and the only thing stopping me from throwing you onto the dining room table and having my way with you, is the fact that I said I would behave myself, and I am true to my word,” he said proudly, placing a hand over his heart.  
“That’s the only thing that’s stopping you?” Jo asked, cocking her head to one side.
 “That and the fact that you would probably curse the heck out of me.”
 “You are a wise man Ian Marcellus.”
 It was unbelievable how fast the evening had gone by, and everyone was extremely tired by the time Isabella’s family had even begun to say their goodbyes. There was a lot of kissing and hugging and shaking of hands, and it seemed that every time they had said goodnight the conversation would start up again and then it would be back to the kissing and hugging and shaking of hands. The vicious circle just kept repeating itself, and it must have taken close to and hour before the last car had finally driven away.
 Lena had offered to stay and help them clean up. She said that the whole process would be much quicker with two witches in the house, and it turned out that she was absolutely right. It took less time to clean up the entire main floor than it did do say goodnight to Isabella’s family.
 The music was still playing softly in the background, lulling everyone into a deeper exhaustion. Ian, it seemed was the only one not eager for the night to be over. He walked over to Jo and held out a hand and bowed down in front of her.
 “Would you care to dance my lady?”
 Although Jo was extremely tired, she stood and curtseyed. She was well aware that Ian was prolonging the moment when she would have to leave him for the evening, “I would be honored my lord.”
 Ian spun Jo around and caught her tight in his arms, “This is the closest we’re going to get until tomorrow night after all.”
 “You act as though tomorrow will never come.”
 “It feels that way. Every moment I’m away from you, is like a life time.”
 Jo smiled, “Don’t think I don’t know what you’re feeling, I hate being away from you too.”
Ian stared into Jo’s eyes. No matter how many times he looked into them, the mixture of brown and green always fascinated him, and they made him feel so serene. “I love you so much,” he said holding her as tightly as he could.
“Oh Ian,” Jo sighed, “I love you too,” she took his right hand and kissed the ring on his finger, “forever.”
“Definitely forever,” he said kissing her.
Marcus’s voice startled them, “I hate to interrupt but we all have a big day tomorrow and it’s really late.”
“Of course, I’m sorry. Everyone must be so exhausted,” Jo said. “I’ll go up and get my things.”
Ian scowled at Marcus as Jo left the room then he glared at Isabella, who was sitting on the couch with her bag by her feet, anxiously waiting for Jo. For the second time that night Ian was ashamed of himself. Looking at Isabella sitting on the edge of the couch like a nervous child and Marcus standing next to him shuffling his feet reminded him how excited they must both be. He felt a wave of guilt for being so selfish, he was so angry at having to spend the night away from Jo that he completely forgot how the two of them must have been feeling.
Ian sensed that Lena was staring at him and he shifted his gaze to her. She inclined her head slowly and smiled at him as if she had known exactly what he was thinking, and from what he knew about Lena, she probably did.
The smile suddenly disappeared from Lena’s face. Ian’s stomach abruptly churned and he went numb from head to toe. How could he be so stupid? He let her go by herself.
“Jo!” Ian screamed at the top of his lungs as he bolted for the stairs. The intensity of his scream sickened Marcus and Isabella, who were completely oblivious to the exchange that had taken place between Lena and Ian.
Jo walked into the bedroom feeling completely exhausted. It had been such a long day and she was feeling the toll of making sure that everyone was happy, and that Ian was on his best behavior. She grabbed a bag and half-heartedly threw a few things into it. Most of her things were at her house but there were a few essentials that she had left in Ian’s bedroom that she would need in the morning. Once she had what she needed she sat on the edge of the bed and sighed. This was the first night she would be spending away from Ian since their very first night together, and now that she was alone, it weighed on her heavily.
“You look like you could use a friend,” said a menacing voice from the doorway, “too bad I don’t see any around.”
“What the hell do you want?” Jo said, getting to her feet.
Mia slammed the door shut, “The same thing I’ve wanted since I met you, I want you dead.”
Mia smiled threateningly and reached out for something, it looked like a branch or some sort of heavy stick but the end was sharpened to a deadly point. She walked slowly towards Jo and then lurched at lightening speed. Jo stretched her hands out in front of her and Mia flew backwards crashing into the door that she had just slammed shut.
“You’re not going to kill me Mia,” Jo said, trying to hide the fact that she was out of breath from exertion. She was tired, and combined with the magic she had needlessly used several times that day she felt completely drained.
“No I’m not,” Mia said, grinning and cocking her head to the footsteps outside the door.
Jo suddenly realized that Mia really did not intend to kill her, “Ian!” She cried out, as the door flew open.
Mia turned as swiftly as the wind and plunged the stick heavily into Ian’s chest. She pulled it back out and licked the blood dripping from the end, and as Ian fell to the ground she plunged it in again, and then she disappeared.
“No!” Jo ran to Ian and dropped down at his side just as Lena, Marcus and Isabella came to a halt in the doorway. “Ian! Ian can you hear me?” Jo’s tears fell onto his face, “It’s okay, I’m here.” Jo could not see, the room was cloudy and she held Ian’s face in her hands as she gasped to catch her breath.
Ian’s eyes blinked, and his face still held the shock of being taken off guard. He reached up for Jo but his arm fell back limply to his side.
Jo took a shuddering breath, “Ian, Ian listen to me, hang on okay,” her voice faltered, “just hang on, I’m here,” she was looking desperately around the room not knowing what to do.
She looked to the three statues in the doorway; no one moved a muscle. Her head was spinning, what was she going to do? She refused to sit here and watch Ian die, even now she could see his chest slowing as he made to reach for her once again. She felt so helpless; she just had to do something.
A trickle of blood began to seep from the corner of Ian’s mouth, and Jo felt faint at the sight of it. No, it was not too late! She refused to believe it!
Jo took a long breath and closed her eyes briefly, “I’m so sorry, please forgive me,” she said, as she yanked the stake from Ian’s chest and tossed it aside. Ian screamed out in agony.
“Jo?” it was Lena’s voice that came to her and she knew why, but she didn’t want to hear it.
“I get to chose Lena, it’s my choice.”
Jo shook uncontrollably as she placed her left hand on the wound in Ian’s chest and looked him directly in his eyes for a brief moment. She then laid her head down as close to his as she could and leaned her lips to his ear whispering in a trembling voice, “I love you Ian, forever.” She moved her lips to his and a steady stream of tears fell over him as she kissed him softly. Ian felt a shock jolt through his body and a burning on his left hand, and then all was quiet.
Ian slowly raised a hand to his wound; he felt nothing. Was he numb? Did he die? He couldn’t have. Marcus, Isabella and Lena were all moving close to him, if he were dead would they be here? He sat up slowly; his head was pounding. A phone was ringing, he looked around the room; the three faces were staring at him. Someone was lying beside him. Who was that? He tried to focus; everything was so fuzzy. Then suddenly he bolted upright. 
“Jo! Jo, answer me! Jo answer me right now!” He shook her. He kissed her mouth; her lips were so cold. “No! No! No! Don’t you dare leave me! Jo, don’t leave me! Please Jo, I need you!” He picked her up and held her to his chest. Tears were now fogging his vision as he tried to look at her, he wanted to see her eyes; he had to see them. They were closed. He kissed her face, “Jo please don’t leave me! I need you! Please.”
He looked at the three figures standing over them. “Do something!” he yelled.
No one moved. Ian stood up and momentarily swayed on the spot, he picked Jo’s body up off of the floor and carried her to the bed; he lay her down so gently, as if he didn’t want to wake her. He stormed up to Lena, “Do something! Do something right now!”
Lena stuttered, “I… I can’t.”
“Yes you can! Do something now!” The tears were running down his face so quickly that there was a puddle on the floor by Lena’s feet.
“Ian,” Lena began, as her own tears fell swiftly off of her face.
“Don’t tell me you can’t! You’re a witch! Do something!” He grabbed at his hair in frustration, “Please!”
“It was her choice,” Lena whispered softly, “the final choice is hers alone.”
“What? No, don’t you dare tell me that!” Ian yelled, “Don’t quote some stupid poem at me! I want you to do something. Bring her back! Bring her back right now!” Ian fell to his knees in front of her, “Please, Lena please!”
Lena stood silently next to Marcus and Isabella, all three with unyielding tears falling from there faces, not one of them daring to move a muscle.
Ian slumped back to the bed and sat down, “Then get out. Get out! I want you all out of here! Get out!” He screamed.
“Ian,” Marcus began.
“GET OUT!” He picked Jo’s limp body up into his arms without looking at any of them and cradled her gently. He kissed her forehead, her eyes, her nose then he lingered on her cold lips. “Why Jo? Why? How could you just leave me? I need you. Why? Why?”
Ian’s cries could be heard throughout the house, no one was sure how long they lasted. The seconds melted into minutes and the minutes into hours and everyone was consumed by such grief that they didn’t bothered to keep track of the time. Once the sun had risen, Marcus wiped his face, gathered his strength and without saying a word to the others he headed up the stairs.
He didn’t bother to knock because he knew that Ian would not answer. He pushed the door open and stepped slowly inside. Ian sat exactly as he had the previous night, cradling Jo in his arms, he did not show any sign of knowing Marcus had even come in.
“Ian,” Marcus whispered as he sat slowly on the bed.
Ian did not respond; he just rocked back and forth with a glazed look in his eyes.
“Ian, we can’t just keep her here.”
Ian did not speak a word. He rose slowly, being sure to lay Jo as gently as he could on the bed. He leaned over her and studied her face for a few minutes then kissed her gently on the lips and left the room.



CHAPTER 17
PASSING

As Ian stood at his bedroom window looking out at the front garden his eyes locked onto a beautiful red rose bush. There was a knocking at the door, he did not answer; he had grown tired of telling everyone to leave him in peace. Why was it so hard for them to just leave him alone? He had gone the entire week barely speaking a word to anyone, except to tell them he wanted to be alone, but they apparently thought that he was lying because no one paid any attention to his request.
Marcus and Isabella would take it in turns to come up and check on him, he often heard them in the hallway deliberating who would be the one to knock. They had postponed their wedding until the following summer, a fact that Marcus mentioned when he was on duty babysitting Ian, who for some reason everyone thought they should keep an eye on.
Ian had figured that as he only spoke to them in one-word sentences and most times not at all, that they would have given up and left him alone, but the knocking still continued.
Lena had also dropped by a few times that week and took it upon herself to check up on him as well. Her latest visit was the one time in the entire week that he actually managed to have a conversation with anyone. Something in Lena’s expression had jogged something in his memory and her words came flooding back to him. “The final choice is hers alone.”
“The prophecy,” Ian had whispered to himself.
“What?” Lena asked, not sure if she’d imagined Ian’s voice, being so accustom to him not speaking to her.
“The prophecy, it wasn’t about Jo and Mia! It was about Jo and me!”
“What do you mean?” Lena had asked.
“She borrowed my darkness, rid me of evil and then she changed places with me. It was about us all along.”
“Ian,” Lena began.
“Yes it fits perfectly. I was a terrible person Lena, I didn’t care about anyone; I was evil. Jo came along and changed all of that. She changed me. She taught me that I could care about people and she loved me, she loved me so much that she changed places with me, and that was her choice. It had to be her choice because I would never have let her do it. She injected her light into me and freed everyone of my evil and then she left; she left me here all alone.”
“She didn’t leave you alone, she left you surrounded with the people who love you, don’t let her have died in vane Ian. We’re still here, your brother, Isabella, me; we all love you. Jo would not want you to forget that.”
“Why does everyone assume that I will forget, I’ll never forget. I would rather have had her here for a short time and know how it feels to be loved so completely and unconditionally, than never to have known her at all. I know where I stand and I know the people who love me. I promise you Lena, I will never forget.”
As Ian stood looking out of the window he fingered the ring on his left hand, although this was not the original band that had been placed there. When Jo had died the bands that had magically bound them together had disintegrated, leaving a sort of scorch mark on each of their fingers. Ian had felt the burning but did not realize until the next morning, when he was rocking her body in his arms, that the bands were gone. He replaced his with the band that Jo had given him on the morning of her death, his birthday present.
 The only two women who had ever truly loved Ian, had both died on that day, his birthday, both giving their lives for him. As far as he was concerned it was a day he would dread for all eternity. ‘God help the person who dares to ever wish me a happy birthday again.’
“Ian?”
Ian turned abruptly at the sound of her voice. His eyes widened in disbelief and every muscle in his body tensed.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you,” Clair said, as she stepped into the room and closed the door softly behind her.
“I forgot how much you look like her,” Ian said, as he watched her push her sunglasses up properly onto her face.
“I’ll be leaving back to my aunt’s house soon, but I needed to talk to you before I left.”
“Your aunt’s? You’re not staying with your dad?” Ian asked puzzled.
“They’ve agreed that it would be better for me to be with my mother’s family, for now anyway,” her voice trailed off.
“And how do you feel about that?”
“I’m not feeling much of anything right now,” Clair said, as tears began to roll down from behind her sunglasses.
Ian indicated a chair next to the bed, “Please, sit down.”
“I’m sorry,” Clair said taking a seat, “I promised myself that I wouldn’t cry.”
“It’s okay to cry, you’ve just lost your mother,” Ian said, taking a seat on the bed across from her.
“You didn’t have to hide at the funeral, you know? You had every right to be there.”
“I wasn’t hiding,” Ian said. “I just didn’t feel like socializing.”
“Yeah, I know what you mean; I’m getting really tired of everyone taking me down memory lane. I have enough memories of my own to last me a life time.”
Ian looked directly at Clair; he was astounded by her resemblance to her mother, and was extremely grateful that she was wearing her sunglasses. He didn’t know if he could look Clair in the eyes, not only because she was even more identical to Jo now than he had ever seen her, but because he was the reason that she had lost her mother.
Jo gave her life to save him and he wondered how Clair would feel if she knew the truth. Would she hate him? Would she understand that if he had had the choice he would never have let her do it? He would never have let her end her beautiful life; never have let the world be without her. She was the most wonderful person he had ever known and for her to be gone was sickening to him.
“I’m sure you don’t need me to tell you this but your mother loved you so much,” Ian said leaning towards her.
“I know, and I also know how much she loved you,” Clair said, as if she were contemplating something.
Ian studied her for a minute, “There was something that your mother wanted to tell you but she didn’t feel that it was the right time. I’m not really sure if I should be the one to tell you, but I think that you should know.”
Clair stared back at Ian through her glasses, she too seemed unsure of what she should say or not say for that matter. She slowly raised her hands to her sunglasses and slid them off of her face, “I already know,” she said, keeping her gaze on the floor.
“What do you know?” Ian asked, turning his head in curiosity.
Clair lifted her eyes and looked closely at Ian, who was still leaning in her direction.
“Your eyes!” He gasped, as he stared at her in disbelief, trying hard to swallow the lump that had stuck in his throat.
Clair’s eyes had changed color and were now identical to her mother’s. The Kaleidoscope of brown and green burned into Ian as he tried to catch his breath.
“They changed the night my mother died,” she paused for a fraction of a second, “the night she gave her life to save you.”
Ian struggled to find his voice, “How do you…?”
“I saw,” Clair stated plainly.
“You saw? Saw what?”
“I saw her die,” Clair did not take her eyes off of Ian, “I saw her pull the stake from your chest. I felt her make the decision to trade places with you.” Clair’s tears were now crashing so furiously to the floor that Ian was sure he could hear each individual splash. “I yelled, I yelled so loud, I wanted her to hear me. Then she leaned over you and told you that she loved you. She kissed you, and then, and then she was gone.”
“Oh Clair, if I knew…”
“You couldn’t have known, no one could have, except,” her voice trailed off once again.
“Except another witch,” Ian finished her sentence for her.
“Yes,” Clair said softly.
“When exactly did you find out?”
“It started when you gave me this necklace,” Clair said touching the Lapis Lazuli amulet that hung around her neck. “I started picking up on my mother’s moods, I could tell when she was upset mostly. Then I started getting flashes of things, I felt like she was trying to tell me something. I would see her with different people, talking, laughing,” she paused for a second and then continued, “I saw her with you, you got married.”
Although it wasn’t a question Ian answered anyway, “Yes we did,” he said as he thumbed at the band on his finger.
“So are you like my step father now?”
“No, your mother and I were bound by magic, the spell broke when she…” he stopped speaking.
“But you have a wedding band.” 
“This is not the band, this was a birthday present from your mother.”
They each sat quietly in their own thoughts until Clair’s resolute voice finally broke the silence.
“I want you to help me find Mia, when I’m ready that is.”
Ian sat dumbstruck. Clair had just found out that she was a witch and she was ready to pack up and chase after Mia, what was she thinking?
“What do you mean, when you’re ready?”
“Well I still have a lot to learn before I do anything, but when I’m ready I want you to help me.”
“I don’t know Clair. Do you even know what you’re getting into?”
“Yes!” She was absolute. “Mia is the reason that I lost my mother! Do you even know why Mia stabbed you instead of her? She did it because she knew my mother would save your life. She knew she couldn’t touch my mom on her own so she used you instead. That’s the reason she’s gone. Don’t flatter yourself thinking that Mia thought of you as a threat.”
“How do you know all of this?” Ian asked, leaning close to Clair.
“It’s not important how I know, what’s important is that I do know and that I can count on you. My mother loved the two of us more than anyone else and it’s up to us to make sure that Mia pays for what she’s done.” 
Ian saw the familiar flame flare in Clair’s eyes as angry tears fell from them. Then it came to him. The final choice was Jo’s to make and in making that choice she left Clair to take her place. Clair her only daughter, who now had eyes of the fertile land, the fertile land reflected in a sea of blue, it was now left to the two of them to get rid of Mia.
“I will help you Clair,” Ian said in defeat, “whatever you need I will do,” and he buried his face into his hands.
Clair stood and started for the door, then she stopped and turned back to Ian, “I have your word?” She asked, “You will be ready when I come for you?”
Ian did not look up, “Yes, I’ll be ready.”
He heard her steps continue to the door and the soft click as it shut behind her. Her footsteps echoed in the hallway and trailed down the stairs to the front door, and then like all of his hopes, she was gone.
