

Brimstone
Book one of the Forged by Magic Trilogy


S. L. Gavyn
Smashwords Edition



Copyright 2013 S. L. Gavyn
Discover more information about S. L. Gavyn’s books at http://www.Smashwords.com. 

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


For Jonathan.
What would I do without you?
I would have had to build my own damn deck, that’s what.

Other books by S. L. Gavyn

The Forged by Magic Series
Iron Made: Book Two
Dragon’s Flame: Book Three
Ange Noir: A Forged by Magic Prequel 
Novella

The Avery Tywella Series
Darkened: Book One
Deadened: Book Two
Deceived: Book Three

The Fabled Series
Fable City TBR May 2014

CONTENTS

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
CHAPTER 1
CHAPTER 2
CHAPTER 3
CHAPTER 4
CHAPTER 5
CHAPTER 6
CHAPTER 7
CHAPTER 8
CHAPTER 9
CHAPTER 10
CHAPTER 11
CHAPTER 12
CHAPTER 13
CHAPTER 14
CHAPTER 15
CHAPTER 16
CHAPTER 17
CHAPTER 18
CHAPTER 19
EXCERPT FROM IRON MADE BOOK 2 OF THE 
FORGED BY MAGIC TRILOGY
PREVIEW OF DARKENED: BOOK ONE OF THE AVERY TYWELLA SERIES


ACKNOWLEDGMENTS


First, I would like to thank my very best friend/ sound board/ that crazy person who’s always at my house, Christine. Without your encouragement, this story would probably still be floating around in my head. You might hear voices but I hear complete conversations. Thanks for not killing me like I’m sure you were envisioning on several occasions.

Next, I would like to thank my beta readers, Christine Harris and Mary Smyly, who helped me turn a story that was pretty good into a story I love. You guys rock.

Third, I would thank my husband for...well everything. Thanks for being my rock.

Last but not least, I would like to thank all those Indie authors out there who write such wonderful stories that I was encouraged to add my own to the mix. Hopefully, you don’t think it sucks.



One
No Twilight tonight


Would I sound too much like a TV evangelist if I screamed out "Back to hell with you, Demon spawn!" while standing on a sidewalk in the middle of the entertainment district in Mobile, Alabama? Yeah, probably. You know, there was a time in my life when that statement alone would have earned me a stay in a rubber room. But that just shows you how much my life has changed over the past few centuries.

Here I was minding my own when some low rate Demon starts trying to suck the soul out of a drunk skanky chick while standing on the sidewalk in front me. Seriously? He didn't even have the decency to take it to a back alley or her place? Not that that would make sucking her soul out any less wrong, I don't care how skanky she is. So being the good samaritan that I am I told the stupid Demon to stop. Which of course earned me a nasty look by StupidDemon. "Mind your own business Human or I'll be tasting you next." 
Pahleeease. Like I'd let that nasty piece of work touch me let alone suck my soul out. Fortunately, I knew something he didn't. Even though I look like your typical dark haired, blue eyed Human of average height, it was all due to the glamour that I wore. I mean, technically, I was dark haired and blue eyed but I was not Human. And it was the magic inside me that the glamour hid. That magic and my complete badassness were going to send this skank sucking Demon back to the dimension he came from.    

Meanwhile, Skanky was looking at StupidDemon like he was the next Edward Cullen even going as far as to rub up against him and moan like she couldn't wait for him to take her life. I’m sure the mind whammy he put on her had her believing she was his Bella Swan. How lame. 
I looked at StupidDemon, smiled and said, "A, I'm not Human and B," I pulled my twin scimitars from the vail and pointed them at him. "if you try to kiss me, I'll have to stick these up your ass. So, release the Human and we can finish this."

I really hate when they run. It makes me want to jerk them to a stop, slap them upside their head and tell them to grow a pair. But Demon are notorious runners when up against someone as strong as them and I think this Demon had finally figured out that I could kill him in my sleep. I wouldn't have put him higher in the Demon hierarchy than a messenger at best. So now instead of relaxing in my favorite pub enjoying a nice cold drink, I'm wading through muck up to my ankles. I guess I should feel lucky it's only to my ankles and not waist or neck deep. The marshes in The Port City get pretty deep until you just end up in the bay. And, how did I end up in the marshes from downtown? Well once he realized I wasn't what he thought I was, he took off like a bullet. It's not everyday that you see someone pull a weapon out of the vail and so he headed for the Bankhead tunnel (in which I was almost plowed over by a Buick), crossed Water Street and into the marshes. 

There's a reason Mobile is called The Port City. You can't throw a stone without hitting water. The muck in the marshes is so thick and black all he would have to do is dive under and make his way to deeper water. It would be like looking for a needle in a hay stack. So, to end this game of tag, I decided to pull some energy from my surroundings to give myself a boost of speed. I could have used my own reserve of magic to make me faster but it’s better to save that for when I’m actually fighting, that way I don’t run out when I need it. It takes a few moments to pull from your environment and when you’re doing hand-to-hand every second counts. I really don’t like to absorb magic from my surroundings because it kills the plant and animal life that I take from, plus it feels weird. I guess the best way to explain it is like this, when I borrow energy from an Other I'm technically getting a piece of their essence (which they replenish within days) and it feels like them whether it's a Vamp, Were, Elve, etc. I never borrow from a Human because essentially I'm taking part of their life force which would cause their lifespan to be shortened. Depending on how much is borrowed, their life could be shortened by a few weeks or several years and Humans are here for such a short time already that it doesn't seem fair to borrow from it. Not to mention it's illegal. I wouldn’t want the Human’s Rights task force on my tail. There are some bad mofo’s working on those task forces and once they put your name out to all the divisions throughout the US you might as well consider your ass gone cause there isn’t any coming back from that. They consider crimes by Others that harm Humans premeditated and thereby punishable to the maximum extent of the law, which basically means your executed. Yeah, not the way I wanna go. So, pulling energy from Humans is a big no-no but Others are a good source of energy as long as they hold still. Of course you are supposed to have their permission. Supposed to. Plants and tiny bacteria are also a good source to draw from but they are so far away from what I am that their essence feels...well...weird. Sorry, I'm not very poetic.   

The energy I received from my surroundings does just what I need it too. I quickly closed the fifty foot gap between me and the skank sucker in front of me and went to jump on his back. Only, he turned at the last second and used my momentum to throw me over him. I hit the water face first and then jumped up to go at him again. I suppose I should be thankful that it was mid-April and the water was already in the sixties. By the time I had righted myself in the waist-deep water the demon was already facing me. 
“I know who you are now. You are the immortal slave that poses as a Human. My master will be very pleased when I deliver him your soul.” 
You know what they say: Don’t count your chickens. 
“Yeah. Well tell your master to go fuck himself.”  
Like I said I’m not very poetic. I would have used my magic to freeze him in place or take control of the water and use it to hold him while I sent him back to this master of his but he wouldn’t hold still long enough for me to hit him with anything. Instead, he kept pacing an unpredictable path around me. He was actually smart for a low ranking demon which was surprising. Either he was young and hadn’t had time to make his way up to a higher level or just hadn’t figured out a way to kill his master so that he could take his place.   

Since StupidDemon (yes, I’m still going to call him that even though I know he’s not really stupid he is a F-ing demon after all) wouldn’t hold still, I figured I had to take him out the old fashioned way. So, as he was making his circuit back around I reached into the vail, pulled out my Louisville slugger and in an attempt to have him sleeping with the fishes, swung it toward the vicinity of his mellon. I don’t know why but every time I fight with a bat (which isn’t often enough let me tell you) I tend to start using mobster jargon. 

I got him in the back of the head and he was knocked off balance. He had to take several steps away from me to keep from falling into the water. I dropped my bat and took that opportunity to jump on his back which in retrospect wasn’t the smartest thing I could have done since it knocked us both into the water. But I held onto him for all I was worth even though he was twisting and flailing his arms looking for any means of escape. Unfortunately, I couldn't hold on to him and pull Brimstone from the vail, so I just held my breath and waited for him to run out of steam which took a few minutes. Yes, I can hold my breath for that long.  

When he finally slowed down I pulled Brimstone, said the ritual in ancient Hellion that would bind him to Hell for the rest of eternity and plunged the five inch blade through his back, straight into his chest. The response was instantaneous, one moment he was there with me riding his back like some deformed spider monkey and the next he was gone. Which of course caused me to fall, again, into the muck. This was the suckiest Saturday night I've had in a long time and that's really saying something. Time to head home and shower. Repeatedly. Who knows what's in this slop.

Two
My own peeps


There's a little pub I like to frequent when I'm home that's called O'Malley's. Why's it called that, you ask. Hell if I know. It was originally opened by Alice and Henry Johnson back in the 80's. A few years later Henry died and Alice has been keeping it running ever since. She is one tough broad I'll tell ya. Nothing gets past her especially if it happens in her town. A few years back there was a gang that bought a building a few places down from her's and turned it into a club. They were selling drugs and hookers out of the back and roughing up unsuspecting people out front. Yeah, I think they made it a month before Alice decided to have a chat with them. At least that's what she called it. A week later there was a “for sale” sign in the front window and no one’s heard from the owner. Whether he decided to leave town or Alice sent him on a permanent vacation I don't know. And I'm not asking either. 

I walked into O'Malley's a little after eight on Sunday night. I figured I wasn't going to let a demon get away with ruining my first weekend off in three months and I was going to have that drink dammit. Alice was nowhere to be seen but don't let that fool you. She was around, she just wasn't making her presence known. The pub itself looks like a hundred other Irish pubs. Over-sized booths ran along both walls with stained glass lamps hanging from the ceiling over each table. A huge bar sat in the middle with bottles of every kind of liquor you can think of stacked behind it and, of course, the customary angled mirror running along the top. Manning the bar tonight is my favorite bartender Dave. 

What made Dave such a good bartender was not just the fact that he could make the best Bushwacker on the gulf coast or the fact that he is hotter than a tar road in July, with long dark hair and baby blue eyes (if only he batted for the other team), but that he always knows what I'm in the mood for. Like tonight, by the time I made it to a barstool and sat down he had already poured me a shot of rum and was in the process of making one of his famous Bushwackers. I once asked him if he snuck into my dreams at night to figure out my drink order. Being an Orrin aka Sleepwalker that was completely possible. He had just given me a sly smile and winked. I looked at my drinks now on the bar and then at him and raised an eyebrow. 
He shrugged. "You look like you could use both." 
He was right of course. I've been working practically nonstop for the past few months and this was the first time I've made it home only to spend my first night back covered in muck. 
"Welcome home, by the way." His cajun accent made it sound more like "bydeway". 
"I haven't been gone that long," I replied. 
He shrugged again and said, "You missed two...no, make that three boyfriends". 
"If you didn't change guys like you do your underwear I wouldn't have missed so much. But given the fact that they only averaged a month each, I don't suppose I missed much.” 
“Don't hate just 'cause I have a love life. And I change my underwear a lot more often than once a month I'll have you know. I could let you check them out sometime if you’d like.” 
He waggled his eyebrows up and down to make his point. I decided to ignore that last comment since he was just joking anyway. I don’t think Dave has ever even tried the fairer sex before and I’m sure he’s not about to start now. 
“No, you have a sex life. If they're only lasting a month it isn't love. Even you know that. And you go commando even I know that.” 
He pursed his lips and crossed his arms. “You’re just jealous.” 
“No, I like wearing under garments thanks.” 
He ignored my comment and leaned forward against the bar. “Anyway. Me and Lucas are meeting up with Malcolm in Biloxi this weekend for a night of drunken gambling and shameless flirting. You know what they say. ‘What happens in Biloxi stays in Biloxi.’ And you look like you could use a night on the town.” 
“I think you’re confusing it with Vegas.” He rolled his eyes and I continued. “Thanks, but I’m going to pass. The last time I went out with you and your boys I ended up lying to the local police about why you were dancing naked in the fountain outside the Beau Rivage. I know that cop didn’t believe for a moment that you were Water Nymphs dying of dehydration due to the extreme heat.” 
“That is completely plausible around here.” 
“It was November.” 

Thinking now was a good time to change the subject I said, "So how's Alice?" 
A voice behind me said, "She's as good as always. Lots better than you've been, dear. Those assholes at Prima are running you ragged. I really don't see why you don't tell them to 'stuff it' and go visit your own people." 
Alice is a grandmotherly looking woman, that is if your family's the mob and it's run by the matriarch. She has short gray hair, a round figure and wears clothes typical of a lady of age. But it's the eyes that let you know she won't take shit from anyone. Slate gray and they don’t miss a thing. 
"You all are 'my own people'. This is my home. And, I work for the Prima Orda because they are trying to make this messed up world a better place," I replied. 
There was a time that I truly believed that about the organization I work for but now I'm not so sure. 
"You know, the Fey aren't the only ones that can sense a lie. You don't truly believe that." She looked skeptical. 
"Of course I do. I've lived here longer than anywhere else in my life and I've been coming to this pub since it opened." 
I knew that wasn't what she was talking about but I really didn't want to get into it with her about Prima right now. 
In order to change the topic again I asked, "Has Sheryl been around lately?" 
If I wasn't quite so perceptive I might have missed the suttle look Alice gave Dave. But I am and I knew that look wouldn't bode anything well. 
"No dear, I haven't see her since you brought her in last," Alice said. 
"What aren't you telling me?" 
"Come sit and have a drink with me. It's been too long since I saw you last." 
I didn't bother to point out that I still had a drink as she grabbed my hand and led me to the booth in the far corner of the bar. This is where she usually sits to watch the patrons. Always watching. But right now that gaze was centered on me and it took some effort not to squirm.

She started our "talk" with the three words I never wanted her to say to me. "I have Seen". Those three little words could change one's entire world. See, Alice is probably the most gifted (or cursed, depending on how you look at it) Oracle alive. She is never wrong. Never. If she tells you you're going to die next week you better start making out your will and marking stuff off your bucket list because it is going to happen. Here, sitting at this table with her gaze boring into me I could feel the dread welling up in my stomach. 
"I have Seen, Genivieve Belaveau, your life as you know it is coming to an end. Those who were once your allies are no more. You will need to trust your instincts now more than ever or your life will be forfeit. But you are greatly needed and you have shirked your duties for too long." 
Then she seemed to snap out of her trance, grabbed my arm and said, "Sheryl is gravely injured! You must go to her now!" 
And just like that I was out of the booth. I opened a portal to New Orleans and stepped through. 

Three
Peep Show


I have known Sheryl for a decade or so. As we both work for the same organization, we were bound to meet eventually. Our first meeting was rather unusual. We were trying to get intel on a Human slavery ring. In order to get close enough, we were both posing as Human hookers.  Bisexual Human hookers. The higher ups thought that would make us look easier to the group that was stealing prostitutes and selling them to the highest bidder. And since she was an Elve she was capable of glamour that would make her appear Human. My ongoing spell makes me always look Human. Only those that really know me know that I am Other.

So basically, our first night working together consisted of us making out and pawing all over each other and a few members of the slavery ring in a rundown bar in Singapore.  Sad to say that was the most action I'd seen in years and she wasn't even the right gender. But it got the job done. The bad guys were apprehended and the streets were safe for hookers all over China. No, not really but at least they weren't likely to be sold to a rogue Vamp and drained dry or bought by a Troll and eaten for dinner. Not by those bad guys anyway.

Sheryl and I have been friends ever since. We don't see each other often since our schedules clash but I know I can call her if I need help and she can call me. Recently she has been being assigned to more dangerous cases and has come back damaged more than once. She told me our boss, Richard Donnelly, over heard her saying she was ready to retire and she thinks he is now trying to get rid of her in a more permanent way. This revelation is why I'm not sure I can trust my current employers like I thought I could. Of course I had heard the rumors when I started that said people don't retire from Prima. They instead end their employment in a pine box. I thought it was due to the high risks of the job. Maybe that's why they don't offer retirement benefits. Anyway, I'll think about my future and whether or not it'll involve the Prima after I save my friend.

When you open a portal you need to know two things. Where you're going to come out and how much energy you'll need to get there. You don't need to know where you're coming out because you might end up trapped in a wall or something because if you went to step out of your portal and a wall was there you would just walk into it (which would obviously hurt your face but won’t kill you). Then you'd have to step back through your portal and imagine the opening far enough away as to avoid the wall, open a new portal using even more energy, step back through and hopefully you've managed to avoid it. You also need to know how much energy you'll need to make it to where you're going because if you don't use enough energy creating your portal, it may just end before you reach your destination. Since portals essentially cut through the shortest space between point A and point B, you may find yourself underground or at the bottom of the ocean. Luckily, I had a good teacher when it came to portals and since I've been doing them for a few centuries now, I've pretty much got them mastered. So I stepped into Sheryl’s living room without a problem. She has pretty good wards around her apartment but since we're friends she has them setup to recognize me. The first thing I noticed when I stepped into her darkened living room was the glowing smear of blood on the wall. Being an Elve meant her blood was a golden color and judging by the proof on the wall, glowed in the dark.

I followed the smears down the hall and into the master bath where I found Sheryl passed out on the floor. She had a jagged cut across her belly that was deep enough I actually saw that some of her intestines were trying to escape. There was a pool of blood under her and it spread out about a foot and a half around her. I checked for a pulse and was surprised to find there still was one so I knelt down beside her, put my hand over her stomach and actually pushed her insides back inside. Yes, that is just as nasty as it sounds. Contrary to popular belief, when you heal someone everything doesn't just know where to go and if something that should be on the inside is on the outside when the wound starts to heal, it'll still be on the outside once the wound is closed. Which is nastier than pushing it back in to begin with. Now that all her bits were pretty much where they were supposed to be, I reached inside myself for my spark of essence, pulled out a small amount and pushed it into Sheryl while imagining her skin growing back together and the kidney that had gotten nicked resealing. It took about two minutes to close the wound on her stomach because there were quite a few muscles severed. The kidney took just seconds to heal since it was only nicked.

Despite being different species, most Others have the same general make up of Humans as far as internal organs and such. They just have something extra. It depends on the species as to what that extra something is. Of course there are exceptions like a Were for example, when in animal form, has that animals genetic makeup. Only they are much bigger. Which actually helps you to know that they are a Were and not the real thing. Of course seeing a huge grizzly eating a hot dog that he bought from a street vendor in the middle of Central park helps you to figure it out too. (True story. I actually saw it.)

Even with the advanced healing, being stabbed and losing that much blood takes a toll on the body. So I wasn't surprised when Sheryl didn't wake up after her wound was sealed. I just ran some water in the tub and washed her up as best I could then put a large t-shirt on her and tucked her into bed. She likely wouldn't be up before morning but I figured I'd stay to make sure. I returned to the bathroom to try to clean up and realized the blood pooled in the middle of the floor didn’t look quite right. Typically, Elven blood was a pure gold color but the pool had a reddish tint to it. I checked my hands and arms to make sure I hadn’t cut myself as my blood is a glittery red color. I didn’t see anything on me. Maybe the discoloration was due to the fact that she almost died. I shrugged it off and went to find a mop. After cleaning up the pool of blood on the floor I jumped into the shower to wash off then pulled some clothes from home through the vail and got dressed in a t-shirt and yoga pants. I guess I should explain about the vail. I'm strong enough magically to be able to open a partial portal anytime I want. Since I keep everything I might need in an emergency in my panic room at home I can just reach my arm through, think of what I want and pull it back through. Some call it the vail since it's a hidden portal that always surrounds me. All I know is it's super convenient when going after bad guys because I can go into a dangerous situation completely unarmed and all I have to do is reach out my arms and grab my twin scimitars or Brimstone depending on what enemy I'm fighting at the moment. Not that I usually go into a situation unarmed if I can help it. One thing I've learned is that magic is extremely convenient but there are spells that can block it temporarily and in that situation you definitely don't want to be completely unarmed.

Once I was dressed, I checked Sheryl again. She was still sleeping like a rock so I got some blankets out of the closet in the hall and settled on the couch. As I laid there I couldn't help going over Alice's prophecy. What did she mean about my allies being no more? Did she mean they would turn on me or that they would die? And, what duties have I been shirking? Hell, I have been working for an organization trying to better the world what more could be expected of me. Well one thing’s for sure, I was going to find out. With that thought rattling around in my brain I let the darkness take me.


                                                                                                           
************


"I hope you didn't feel me up while I was out cold." 
"Sorry sister, I don't swing that way." 
I was sitting at the bar in Sheryl's kitchen while she made us omelets for breakfast. 
"So you're saying if I was a hot guy I would have been fair game?" she asked with a mischievous grin. 
"I'm not going to say that I wouldn't have sneaked a peek," I replied with a shrug. 
"Why Genevieve Belaveau, you pervert!" she said with mock offense. 
"What can I say, it's been awhile.” 
She just looked at me with knowing eyes. Sheryl often talked about trying to set me up with her latest lover’s friend or some one she met but isn’t interested in for herself. She is never without a man. With her dirty blonde hair and cornflower blue eyes it isn’t hard to see why she always has some suiter calling. 
"Too long girl. We gotta get you laid. Whatever happened to that nice Werewolf you were dating?" she asked. 
Was she serious? 
"First of all the words 'nice' and 'Werewolf' don't really go together and second, we weren't dating I was working security for him during negotiations with the Werelions out of Texas," I replied. 
"Whatever. He was totally digging you and you as usual were totally oblivious." 
Actually I knew William wanted more than a professional relationship with me but he would never be relationship material and despite my joking I don't do casual sex. Not to mention he's the current Alpha of the North and South American Werewolves, which makes him a pretty big player in the scheme of Werewolf politics and I just don't want to be involved in all of that. 
"Okay can we stop talking about my love life? Or lack there of. Do you want to tell me how you managed to spill you're guts, literally?" 
Immediately her whole demeanor changed. She went from playful to wary within a second and when she started to talk it was practically in a whisper while she cast wary glances around like she was afraid of being over heard. 

"It was a total ambush Vieve. The assignment said it was a typical extraction. Some daughter of a billionaire from Malibu had been kidnapped and was being held for ransom by a couple of lowlifes. So it was just me, Burkes and Marcus, we figured any more than that might set them off and they'd just kill the girl. We went in total stealth. The plan was to get the girl first then shoot everyone else. Our informant said all household staff would be gone for the day. But once we made it to the room where the girl was supposed to be held they started coming in every door and it seemed like they knew what each of us were too. They took Marcus out with silver bullets first then Burkes with a UV grenade and one of them was trying to take my head with an iron sword. No joke it was pure iron. It looked like one of those old frying pans people used to cook with only in sword form. I have never seen anything like it before. He would have killed me with it too if I wouldn't have tried to jump over his head at the same moment that he swung at me. That’s why he got my stomach instead. And it took everything I had to open a portal back home. I figured they would have followed me but I guess my wards kept them out." 
If I thought she had looked paranoid before, by the time she finished talking she was practically cowering under the bar. Her behavior seem out of character. She usually had a kick-ass attitude. Which made her a good person to have at your back. 
"What were they?" I asked. 
Sometimes just knowing the species could tell you who they work for. 
"It was mixed. I could definitely make out a couple of Demons, a few Wolves, and at least one Vamp," she said. 
"Mercenaries. That’s the only way they'd work together like that. Someone was trying to take you out." 
The question was who would hire hit men to take out a Prima team. And they had to be good too. I've worked with Burkes before, he was a four hundred year old Vamp. You don't live that long in the Vampire Nation without being conniving and powerful and Burkes was definitely both. I hadn't worked with Marcus before but I heard he was a ruthless hunter. 

This was definitely a setup and I can't help but assume the blame falls on the Prima or one of the the top players in their infrastructure. Me and The Boss (that's seriously what he wants to be called) are going to have a chat. 
"Have you reported your injury yet?" I asked. 
"Not yet. I was going to check-in in just a few. Why?" 
"Let them know you need a couple of weeks to recoop. Take some time off and lay low while I try to figure this out. Okay?" 
"Okay. But if they give me a mandatory assignment I can't really say no." 
"Just try to stall them," I said. 
"Eye eye cap'n," she said with a salute. 
I opened a portal and headed for The Boss.

Four
Primum Asino


The Prima Ordo is an international organization that was started about 30 years ago. I don't know all the specifics of why or how but I figure a couple of rich folks (one of which I'm pretty sure is Richard Donnelly aka The Boss) decided they could make more off of other's misfortune by charging them to take care of their dirty work. That’s were I come in. I’m what the Prima refers to as an Instrament. Basically I go in and, depending on the situation, might kill the bad guys or just spy on them. Not that I'm the only Instrament that they have, actually there are at least fifty or more of us throughout the world who work freelance for the organization. Our job is to help people in whatever way is needed. If that means taking out a crime boss in Chicago whose killing the local residents for fun, taking down a drug ring in Brazil that's selling laced product which is  killing hundreds, or gathering intel on a Russian terrorist group. I've done it all. The pay is good and I'm really hard to kill so it works for me. 

When I arrived at Prima Headquarters in New Orleans I couldn't help but take a moment to simply enjoy the architecture of the building. Built right around the turn of the century it had details etchings along the edges and over each window and door. From this far away I couldn’t make out all of the engravings but the ones on the first floor that I could see depicted great battles featuring warriors on horseback wielding swords, spears and longbows fighting mighty horned beasts that looked like a mix between wolves and rhinos. It was scary and yet the details held the viewer’s interest. I could look at those battles for hours and still find knew details I had never seen before. The building was a piece of art that didn’t need a canvas. It even had gargoyles along the edge of the roof, forever watching. It was definitely a sight to see and since I'd only been here twice before it wasn't something I was used to. 

I get my assignments via the internet and most of them are optional contracts. Which meant if I felt like taking them I would. That's the beauty of freelance. It was rare that I received an assignment that was a direct order from The Boss but it had started happening more often recently. He claimed to need someone with my particular skill set but I think he just liked running me ragged.

Taking the time to enjoy the scenery worked two fold. I got to see one of the most architecturally beautiful buildings in New Orleans and The Boss got notified via his wards that I was here to see him. He knows I wouldn't be here to see anyone else and after what happened to Sheryl, I'd be real surprised if he wasn't expecting me.

I walked through the lobby, hopped in the elevator and rode it to the top floor. The Boss' receptionist looked like one of the Stepford wives. I swear if I poked her blonde updo it would bounce right back into place. The only thing her circuitry is lacking is a sense of humor. I asked her the last time I was here if I should call her The Receptionist since she worked for The Boss. She just looked at me like she was deciding whether or not to eat me. Personally, I voted not.

Today she didn't even bother to look at me. She just told me The Boss was expecting me and went about typing something at about mach speed. Man, those Stepfords can really type.

The Boss' office was about what you would expect for a self indulged egomaniac with a god complex. The furniture, original Louis XIV that was extremely uncomfortable and horribly gaudy. The desk though, was a monstrosity that looked like a Redwood tree got together with a table that could seat twelve and had a baby. Resulting in a ten foot long, rough hewn desk in a beautiful mahogany color. But it was totally rustic in design and totally clashed with all the antiques throughout the rest of the room. I suppose his point is that he'll put together whatever furniture he wants because he wants it. Like I said, egomaniac. 

Currently, he was sitting behind his monstrous desk giving me the hairy eyeball. It's nothing new, every time I meet him he looks at me like that. I don't know of it's just because he doesn't like me or he's perpetually pissed off. He looks like he did time in the service and never quite got over his anal retentive ways. What service I don’t know. Since he's a Gray Wizard he could have served in Vietnam or the Revolutionary War. 

A Gray Wizard is a magic-wielding Human who uses both light and dark magic. White Wizards use only light magic and are essential good whereas Dark Wizards use dark magic and are essentially bad. Gray Wizards are the most common kind of Wizard and are considered neither inherently good nor bad. It is the same with witches as they are just the female equivalent of Wizards. 

It was harder to tell with Wizards as to their nature. I personally believe this particular Wizard was more dark than light but hey, who was I to judge. He looked like any other middle aged man in a suit only don’t let that fool you Gray and Dark Wizards could live several centuries by using spells to heal the aging process. White wizards didn’t believe in using the darker magic that the spells required, so they lived a normal Human lifespan. I knew for a fact that Richard Donnelly has been roaming this earth for at least a century or two. However, if you looked at him you wouldn’t put him over forty five with his chestnut colored hair that is cut short, his clothes pressed and starched and everything in his office was in the same immaculate condition. Can you say OCD? I didn't bother with civility and got right to the point since he already knew why I was there anyway. 

"What the fuck Boss. Sheryl's thinking about quitting and so you're just going to off her?" 
Yeah I was pretty pissed and now so was he. 
"Who do you think you are? Walking in here accusing me of wrong doing like you are all righteous. I know who you are Genivieve Belaveau. But more importantly, I know what you are." 
"I really don't care if you know what I am or not. This isn't about me. It's about Sheryl." 
He laughed. He actually laughed at me. It took everything I had not to jump across that desk and bitch slap him. 
Once he had his fun he said, "Of course it's about you. Do you really think I give a fuck about the Elve? She's nothing more than collateral damage." 
Uh. Okay. Can't say I was expecting that. 
"And why would that be? Why me?" 
Wow! I actually managed to ask that calmly when I felt anything but. About a million questions were running through my head. What does he want with me that he's willing to sacrifice my friend for it? And when did the game change? I mean I've been working for the Prima Orda for about fifteen years. I would think if he had some kind of obsession for me it would have come up before now? 
"Why you? That is the question isn't it, Geni. I am in need of your unique skills. There is an object that was stolen that I need you to acquire." 
I could tell right away he wasn't telling the whole truth. Not about the reason he was pretty much blackmailing me or the reason he needed me to "acquire" this whatever for him. 
"What is this item, who was it stolen from and why do you want it?" Yeah that pretty much covers the questions I have about the item in question. Now about me. "And why would you blackmail me to obtain it?” 

There, that should have been blunt enough. Of course his answer wasn't even close to being straight forward. 
"Oh Geni, I'm not blackmailing you. I'm offering you what you want in exchange for you taking this job. I truly don't know why Sheryl has been getting injured on these recent missions but I will allow her the retirement she desires." 
I absolutely hate that nickname which is why he calls me it every time we meet. The weird thing is that he was actually telling the truth. 
"And now you're going to tell me about the job right," I said. 
Can the guy get anymore evasive? 
"It is a simple acquisition. There is a fund raiser to promote awareness for some of the endangered species living among us. On display at this event will be a knife. That is the item I wish you to acquire." 
Well that didn’t seem difficult at all. Sarcasm, thy name is Genivieve. 
"Wait. So you want me to steal the main attraction from in front of hundreds or maybe even thousands of people? You still haven't told me who this knife was stolen from and what is special about it. Is it magical?" 
That could be a real problem. If the knife is magical and the true owner wants it back he can use his magical connection to pull it back to him. If that happened, me being the one who stole it would get the backlash and it wouldn't be pretty. I once saw a Troll get the backlash from a Sorcerer pulling his grimoire back to him and it broke every bone in the Troll’s body. But he was a rat bastard who deserved what he got. Hell, he was the reason I was here to begin with. That's a long story though so I’ll save it for later. I need all my wits when dealing with The Ass, oops, I mean Boss. Boss, Ass they’re kinda interchangeable. 

He looked irritated. Well too bad. I need some info. 
"Who it was stolen from is irrelevant. It does have some magic but the creator of the knife is not who you will be taking it from so there is no chance of a backlash. Especially for you," he said. 
"Why 'especially for me’?" 
He chose to ignore my question. "Do you accept the assignment?" 
I know I'm going to regret this. He is definitely hiding details from me. Like, huge details. Elephant sized details. But what could I do? I could try to take Sheryl and run but the Prima is an international organization so there's nowhere we could go that they couldn't find us. I know the people they would send after us and they are ruthless when they need to be. Definitely not the kind of people I want running me to ground. Plus, I really don't like running away. Don’t get me wrong, I know when a situation is impossible how to pull back and lick my wounds in order to live another day. Then I usually come back with reinforcements and blow them to kingdom come. But I don't think that's an option in this scenario. They're too wide spread and have too many resources. No, the best thing to do right now is play along and wait for an opportunity to turn the tables on The Ass. 

I just looked at him and nodded. He slid an envelope across the desk toward me. "Here is all the information you need as well as your escort for the event's information. I really hope this little disagreement doesn't affect our work relationship." 
Was he serious. I'm over here thinking “101 ways to kill The Boss” and he wants me to continue working for him? I came really close to flipping him the bird. Best to wait though. I'll get this job done, get Sheryl safe then I'll disappear. I've done it before I can do it again. It’s always easier to hide if your by yourself. It's when you have other people to hide too that it gets complicated. So I looked at him and smiled. 
"Of course not. I've always figured you for an asshole who likes to gets his way. This is just the first time I've been the one you're manipulating." 
The gleam in his eyes said he was pleased with the fact that he was getting one over on me. 
"Well, I'm glad we understand each other then. Good luck on your mission. I'll have my secretary start the retirement forms for Sheryl that way as soon as you return with the item we can process it."  
In other words he's not letting her off the hook until I return with the knife. As I walked out of the building I couldn’t help quoting Gene Kranz. "Failure is not an option". Hopefully my mission doesn't turn out like Apollo thirteen's. At least they did manage to make it back alive. That's something right. Right??


Five
Cavemen and dresses


Why did I agree to this mission without getting more specifics? Because that dirty conniving bastard manipulated me. Son of a...I'm going to have to kill him, that's all there is to it. Yep, The Boss is a dead man. That is if I make it back from this mission to begin with. I have to take the mission because I can't guarantee Sheryl will be safe until I do. But as soon as I'm back, I'm taking out the big man. And, I don’t mean to a steak dinner. I just have to figure out the best way. Wizards were hard to kill since they could manipulate magic on a grand scale and they almost always had multiple barriers set up as protection. Then you have to avoid their death curse. The curse doesn't activate after they are dead like some believe because what's the point in that. No, the curse is triggered when they are in danger of death. It's a self defense mechanism. Although, I have heard of Wizards dying from their death curse pulling too much energy from them. I don't doubt The Boss' curse is enough to take out a city block so that means I need to kill him from a distance.  

But I'll have to think on that later. Right now I have the crisis of this mission to deal with. And, it involves Scotland. The one country in this whole world that I've avoided like the plague. It’s funny, but before I came to this dimension I had always wanted to go there. It looked so beautiful with it's rolling hills and old castles. But in this world Scotland is run by the Fey and it just so happens that is who I'm supposed to be stealing from. And not just any Fey but the Prince himself. According to the paperwork in that manila envelope, the knife I'm supposed to steal is an ancient magical relic created thousands of years ago by the god Hephaestus. He forged it on mount Olympus and brought it to earth for the Sintians of Lemnos to fight off a dragon that was plaguing their island. How a knife with a six inch blade was supposed to take out a Dragon that's probably fifty feet long I don't know. But it says the knife could kill all Dragons and their kin. Hephaestus is supposed to be the best weapons maker that ever existed so I don't doubt the knife works. But the last of the Dragons left for the Firelands over seven hundred years ago. Why would the Prima need a knife that kills Dragons?  

Then I remembered a story my friend Dru, the only Sorcerer that I've ever met, told me once about Beval, the ancient Dragon that bound his soul with the first Fey warrior thousands of years ago. The story says Beval and his brethren had been hunted for centuries until one day he was caught in a trap in the Caledonian forest above the Allt Ruadh in Scotland. He could do nothing but wait for the hunters to return for him but instead Feandan, a Fey of the forest, happened upon him and freed him. Supposedly at that time the Fey were all tree-hugging-lovers-not-fighters who believed all creatures deserved to live in harmony. But Beval realized that this race could be the answer to his people’s problems, so he offered to share his essence with Feandan to show his appreciation for being rescued. What really happened was the Dragon bound his soul to the gentle Fey turning him into a warrior. A warrior that would fight to protect the Dragon and his kin. For since their souls were combined, if Beval died so too would Feandan. Beval being the strongest of the Dragons also shared his strength and ability with Feandan. From there, many Dragons bound themselves with the Fey men to create an army of warriors like the world had never seen. 

Still today the Fey warriors have no rivals. Sure they've been in wars. There's always some species stupid enough to take them on. But most of those species are extinct now. As a matter of fact, the Elves are the only race I've ever heard of that went to war with the Fey and survived. And here I was about to steal the only weapon guaranteed to kill Dragons and therefore the Fey. What would The Boss do with a knife that kills Fey? Maybe he’s going to sell it the highest bidder or planning on killing all the Fey. More likely, just one in particular. The Prince would be my guess as he has no heir and if he fell, it's likely the Fey would be open for attack. Or as open as they could be. Given their reputation for organized and brutal attacks during war anyone wanting to go against them would need whatever advantage they could get. I really don't see the point though. Even with their superior combat skills they are on the verge of extinction. 

Compared to the five hundred thousand or so Fey men on the planet there are only a few hundred Fey women and there hasn't been a single Fey female born in almost three centuries. At the end of the Fey-Elven war more than a hundred thousand Fey women fell to an illness the likes of which the Fey had never seen. No one knew what caused it or how to treat it as one by one their women died. When it was done, the female population had been reduced by a third. Only previously mated Fey women survived the illness. Then over the next couple of centuries they lost at least that many more women to child birth and half that many Fey men. The Fey had always had issues with childbirth. About one in twenty births resulted in either the lose of the child or the mother. But this was different. As the pregnancy progressed the mother would weaken more and more. Maybe half the women didn't even make it to full term (which is about fifty weeks) and the ones that did make it didn't survive the delivery. Especially if the fetus was female. Most of the men who were mated to these women chose to join them in the afterlife instead of living on this plane without them. A lot of people think it was an after effect of the illness that took so many. Others think they were cursed for bringing so much death and destruction to their enemies. Whatever the cause, it’s pretty apparent the Fey are on their way out. 

So back to the question of why anyone would want to hurry up their extinction. I don't know but, regardless of the why, I still have a friend to save and in order to do that I have to retrieve that knife. Can I really damn an entire race in order to save one person. Not to mention I have a personal stake in not turning over a Fey-killing weapon to a potential enemy. What to do, what to do? I need to get a good look at the knife first. Then I'll see if I can find a way to create a replica. It would have to be exact in order to temporarily fool The Boss. And it would have to have some magic to it. I happen to know a guy who's magical "gift" is that he can clone anything he sees. The only problem with that plan is that he's in Atlanta and the knife is in Scotland. Okay. No problem. I'll just steal (borrow?) the knife from the Prince of the Fey, bring it to my friend here in the states, get him to make a phony, give it to The Boss in exchange for Sheryl's life and hope like Hell he doesn't realize its a knock off until I can get her somewhere safe. Yeah. That had to be the worst plan I have heard in a long time. Oh well. Guess I better go get me a dress and I’ll pay a visit to my favorite fence while I’m there.


************


When I walked into my favorite dress shop that afternoon I wasn’t surprised to see John-Paul seated at the counter having his afternoon tea. What is it about the english and their tea? Apparently, he wasn’t surprised to see me either. He just looked up from the newspaper he read then went back to reading, totally ignoring me. I swear he created his name just so he would have a hyphen in it. I once made the mistake of calling him John and it looked like his head was going to explode. You would have thought I had cursed at him. Then he reined it in and told me politely that his name was John-Paul and I was to address him as such or not at all. He was just that sort of fellow, never a hair out of place and always prim and proper. You would never catch him without a tailor made suit on and his shop looked just as immaculate. I’m not sure what kind of creature he is but I know his aura is not entirely Human. The most likely excuse would be that he is a magic-wielding Human that isn’t strong enough to be an actual Wizard. But his aura doesn’t read like a Wizards. Maybe he’s a half breed of some sort. If that is the case I could try to guess what he is all day long. He won’t tell me and it really doesn’t matter anyway. All I know for sure is that he has a true gift for creating the perfect dress to match your body and the occasion you're needing it for so he’s my go-to guy for dresses for every occasion (not that I have the opportunity to wear dresses that often). I am pretty sure he was psychic though because he always had the dress there ready for me. I asked him the first time I walked into his shop to find he already had a dress made for me, if he was related to Dave. Of course he said he had no idea who I was talking about. Maybe they had a little club of psychics who liked to gather once a week to figure out new and inventive ways to mess with me or maybe he just knew that I was always needing my dresses for last minute affairs. 

Today was no exception. 
"Hallo love. Let me guess. Red tie affair, you need to look drop dead gorgeous-not that you won't in one of my dresses anyway, and you need to be able to conceal a weapon. Yes?" he said without looking up from his paper. I told you he knew just what I needed. 
"That’s a big ten-four." 
"Ugh. No trucker speech in my presence." 
I love messing with him. You'd think there weren't any truck drivers in England. 
"Sorry. I forgot about your weak constitution. Just show me the dress, I have a six a.m flight and I still have to see someone else while I’m in town." 
He crossed his arms and raised one eyebrow. "And as usual you just assume John-Paul has the perfect dress for you." 
I shrugged. "Well I guess if you don't I could always go to someone else." 
"Oh please, Ducky. You haven’t anyone and we both know it. But you will owe me this time." 
Owe him? What hoop was I going to have to jump through now? I need a vacation. Maybe I'll take one after I kill my boss. 
"What do you want, John-Paul, other than a wad of cash?" He pretended to pick a piece of lint off the front of his suit coat. "The Sanctuary is having it's annual fundraising gala in three weeks and we need a performance that will be talked about for months." 
"And you automatically thought of me? Wow, I feel so special. But I'm sorry my schedule’s to messed up right now to commit to anything like that. I'm sure there are plenty of other singers who would love to help out an organization like your's." 
The Sanctuary is an organization created to help abused women. I regularly donate to their cause as well as others around the globe. Don’t I already have a fundraiser to attend? The thought of committing to sing at another one is out of the question. 

Of course, I couldn't just read a list of my issues to Jean-Paul right now. I'm pretty sure I should keep the whole killing my boss and stealing from the Fey thing to myself for now. 
"Do you know anyone else with a voice like an angel and the ability to play a dozen instruments?" he asked. 
"There are plenty of other performers around and for the price I'm going to pay for this dress you'll be able to afford them I'm sure." 
"None of them sing like you though. Ducky listen, the last time I heard you sing I actually had a tear fall. A tear. You turned me into a total Mary. I couldn't believe it. I know you don’t want to sing professionally and I respect that. But we need a grand performance to raise funds and you are the best I have ever heard." 
"Uh, no offense Jean-Paul but you are a total Mary." I looked around his shop at all the women’s fashions.
"Don't you start stereotyping me or you'll be leaving here in burlap. Fashion designing is a perfectly reputable occupation for a man. Have you never heard of Versace, Louis Vuitton, or Jimmy Choo. Now, you'll come sing to help the women and I'll have every eye on you at this gathering you're going to." 
Was it just me or are the British bossy fuckers. 
"Look John-Paul, my schedule is just too hectic right now. I don't have time to work in a good nights sleep let alone a night singing at a gala. Sheryl is in trouble, my boss is blackmailing me, and now I have to go try to seduce a prince. I'm sorry, I just can't." 
There, surely he can understand that. Unfortunately, he had that look on his face that says he wasn't giving up until he got what he wanted. He just smiled at me innocently. 
"Well, then I suppose it is a good thing the gala is not for another three weeks. That should give you plenty of time to get your affairs in order. Yes? Good. I will retrieve your dress from the back. Just give me a moment." 
See what I mean? I totally just got manhandled and he didn't even touch me. Damn. I guess I can add gala singing to my list of to-do's. Maybe I'll get lucky and the Fey will kill me. Or The Boss.

All thought of killing went out of my head when Jean-Paul walked back in holding the most beautiful navy blue dress. It was made out of some kind of shimmery material with wisps of chiffon on the floor length skirt. There was a split on the right side that went to mid-thigh. The top was cut in a V shape and was probably deeper than I would like once I got it on. But the spaghetti straps would keep my arms unobstructed and the layering on the skirt along with the split would allow me to conceal a small weapon and to access it easily. 
"Do you think it would be possible to just once make me a dress that didn't show half my assets?" I asked.
"With assets like your's it would be indecent not to show them off." 
You can take the man out of the cave but apparently you can’t take the cave out of the Englishman. But even with the asset exposure, it was still the most beautiful dress I had ever seen. He placed the dress in my arms like you would a newborn babe. 
"The gala is the sixth of May at seven o'clock. I'll make sure the invitation is delivered to your flat." 
I felt like telling him that they're called apartments in America just to be difficult, but what's the use. I turned and headed out the door. I needed to head to the wrong side of the tracks or in Atlanta’s case, the wrong side of the Marta rail.


************


I’ve known Craven for a long time. He did the only tattoo on my body almost two hundred years ago. Right after I first arrived in the New World. Of course at that time, tattooing equipment was a lot different than it is today but it got the job done and I am carrying around his handywork still to this day. 

When I arrived at Bloody Ink a little after eight, the sun had just set and his shop was in full swing. The girl behind the front desk, who looked high as a kite, gave me the once over and told me it would be about fifteen minutes before a booth was available and that I could browse through some books if I wasn’t sure what type of tat I wanted. 
“I need to see Craven.”
“He’s with a client so it might be a while,” she replied.
“Tell him Genivieve’s here to see him.”
She rolled her eyes like she thought I was some slut that was trying to get with the head tatooist. “I’m sorry Genivieve, but like I said, he’s with a client. You can have a seat and I’ll let ya know when he’s finished.” She popped her gum and just looked at me like I was slow or something. I took a seat next to a woman with a cast on her arm. She had auburn colored hair with nice highlights and odd looking hazel eyes. It almost looked as though the colors swirled.
“They do. I’m not sure if I inherited that from my mom or my dad. But someone had some fucked up irises.”
I smiled at her. “They’re actually quite striking. It could always be worse. They could shit brown.” 
I looked at the chick behind the desk who was watching us. She just happened to have the same color eyes I was talking about. The woman beside me saw who I was looking at and started to laugh.
“Yeah, I guess you’re right. I could have been born with a stick perpetually stuck up my ass too.”
I cracked up. I liked this woman.
“You mind me asking what happened to your arm?” I asked her.
“Skinwalker. He was posing as college students and luring Human women to their deaths.”
“Ahh. Human’s Rights task force?”
She smiled. “Guilty. The names Avery.”
I shook the hand she held out. “I’m Genivieve. Salt.”
She drew her brows together. “What?”
“Skinwalkers can’t stand salt. The way their physiology is, salt burns them kind of like it does slugs. I assume you were trying to apprehend him when he broke your arm. They are extremely strong and fast but throw some table salt on them and they writhe on the floor like ant under a magnifying glass.”
“Huh. I didn’t know that. Of course there hasn’t been a sighting of one in the US for over a hundred years until the one I killed. But I’ll be carrying salt in my gear from now on. Thanks.”
“Not a prob. I heard some of the older species were migrating West so ya might want to brush up on the old lore.”
“That sounds like a good idea. Tell me, how does a Human know so much about Others?”
I leaned close to her and allowed my glamour to drop enough that she could see my eyes. 
“Not all is as it appears.”
Her eyes grew wide and I winked at her then went back to the counter and the hoochie behind it.
“Do you like your job?” I asked her.
“I don’t see what that has to do with my boss being with a client,” she replied. 
“It has everything to do with it. Because if you don’t let Craven know that I am here, I am going to tell him what a bitch you are and then you will be looking for other employment.”
She narrowed her eyes and I’m sure she was about to tell me to go to Hell when the man himself walked into the lobby with a seedy looking guy behind him. 
“Well, hello there beautiful. I haven’t seen you around before. Are you here to get some work done? And where might you be putting it? Can I watch?” Seedy guy said with a smirk.
“I wouldn’t, man,” Craven said.
Seedy guy looked at Craven for a moment before turning back to me. “I imagine you would look amazing with a butterfly right about here.” 
He started to point to my back side and I grabbed his hand, twisted it behind him and rammed his face into the desk. 
“I don’t like butterflies and if you ever try to touch me again I will leave you in pieces. Feel me?”
“Uh...yeah I feel ya. No touchin’. Got it.”
I released him. He stood up and straightened his shirt. I made sure to watch his hands as he did it since I had felt a piece while I held him against the desk. But he just looked at Craven and nodded.
“I’ll see ya tomorrow, man. I gotta go find me a bitch that’s not so much of a bitch.” 
His eyes slid to me then he turned and left. I turned to Craven who was standing there with a smile. He was a beautiful man with short, spiked, black hair and hazel eyes. He stood only a few inches taller than me and his build was lean but his size didn’t stop him from being a ruthless killer if need be.
“That was entertaining. I’m so very glad you don’t come by often, Vieve. I’m sure I would be out of business in a month if you were to make my shop your regular hangout,” Craven said.
“Come on Crave, you even warned him. It’s not my fault he didn’t listen.”
He rolled his eyes. “Come into the back so we can talk.” He turned to the woman with the cast. “I’ll be finished in a few minutes, Angel. Do you mind waiting?”
She shook her head. Then he looked at the girl who had given me a hard time. “If someone asks to speak to me by name, you will let me know. Understand?”
“Y-yes sir.”
She sure was singing another tune now wasn’t she. Just showed that she was smarter than she looked. We walked through the shop to the back. Once we were in the storage room, he pulled out his keys, hit a button on his fob and a hidden door sprung open. We went into his office and I took a seat in front of his desk while he sat in his chair behind it. 
“So what can I do for you today, Princess.”
I just raised a brow. He knows I don’t like to be called that. 
“Just calling it like I see it. You are my King’s sister-in-law and if I recall he named you Princess after the marriage to your sister.”
“You knew me before any of that went down and you know I will never be a true Princess so let’s cut the bullshit. ‘Kay?” Craven was the only Vamp other than my brother and sister who knew what I really was. He was also one of only a few dozen Vamps that weren’t rogues that had chosen to live in the states. Most had stayed in Europe so that they were closer to their King. 
“If that is your will, Princess. As a lowly commoner it is not my place to argue,” he replied.
“That is my will, General.” If he was resorting to name calling I could play too.
“That was a long time ago. Now, I’m just a tattoo shop owner.”
“And I’m just a Prima Instrament so lets cut the name calling and I’ll tell you why I’m here.”
“I do have to say that I am quite intrigued.”
I showed him the info I had on the knife. “I need you to make a replica of this. It has to have enough juice to fool a Wizard for a day or two.”
He read over the paperwork. “And will this Wizard be trying to kill a Fey during the day or two? If so, he will get a rather rude awakening.” 
I couldn’t help but to smile when I thought of The Boss stabbing a Fey with a fake knife only to have the Fey cut his head off with their big sword. Oh, if it happens I hope it’s the Prince and I hope I’m there to see it.
“I don’t really know if he intends to try it out as soon as he gets it. I don’t think he’ll do anything hasty though. So, can you do it?”
“You know I don’t really do this kind of stuff.”
“I know. You’re more of the fake licenses and passports type of guy. With a little fencing on the side. I’ll pay you a hundred K for the knife. You can’t tell me you make that much creating fake ID’s for underage kids.”
“I seldom deal with underage children. There are a lot more people out there needing a quality ID than kids wanting to get drunk.”
“Whatever. Will you make it or not?”
“Make it two hundred and we have a deal.”
“Fine, two hundred. How long will it take you?”
“If you leave it with me tonight I will have it back to you in two days.”
“Uh, I don’t exactly have it yet. If everything goes right I’ll have it tomorrow night.”
“You don’t have it? How are you going to get it?”
“I’m going to steal it from the Prince of the Fey.”
I sat there for the next five minutes while he cackled like a witch. Was it really that funny? I don’t think so.
When he could finally control himself he said, “Maybe I should ask for a down payment. That way when you never return I at least have something to show for the time we spent here tonight.” 
What an ass. “You know better than that. You get the money when the job is done.”
“Well, forgive me if I don’t rearrange my schedule in anticipation for this job you will have me do.”
I got up and started to leave. “As long as you will be able to do it quickly. I don’t really care about your schedule. I’m picking it up tomorrow night and I’ll bring it straight back to you.”
He followed me to the door and opened it for me. 
“I would tell you good luck but I think it would be futile. If your not back tomorrow night I won’t be surprise. Take care of yourself.” With that I walked through the door and he shut it behind me. I didn’t bother walking out through the shop I just opened a portal back to Mobile. Time to pack for my flight. Hopefully Craven wasn’t right and I would be back tomorrow night and not locked up in a castle. 

Six
The plural of Demon is Demon


The flight from Atlanta to Glasgow, Scotland was an eight hour flight. Of course, I could have just opened a portal but it would have used a lot of energy to bring myself and my luggage through and then I wouldn’t have been able to make a quick getaway if I needed to. Better to arrive slowly and leave quickly. I had read through all the information that The Boss gave me and surmised that the fundraiser was taking place at an art museum in Glasgow called the Lighthouse. It was by invitation only so I can imagine a lot of big players will be present especially with the knife on display. The event itself is setup to promote awareness for the dying races. Of course the Fey being the biggest, but, there will be a few others that are also on the verge of extinction. Like the Yetis from Greenland (apparently the Giants in Iceland decided it wasn’t that far of a swim for a Yeti dinner) and the Saci from Brazil who’s prank on the local drug cartel caused a price to be put on the prankster devils’ heads. I believe there are only a dozen or so left. But really that’s their own fault for turning the kingpin’s heroin green (who wants to shoot up green heroin? Then again who wants to shoot that crap up anyway?). But there really was no point to having a formal gathering to raise awareness in my opinion. I mean it’s not like a bunch of rich people dancing and schmoozing is really going to stop the Giants from eating the Yetis or cause the Fey women to start having kids without dying (I’m not even mentioning the Saci). But some people will use any excuse to have a black tie affair.

The Prima jet was as plush as any other private plane with fully reclining arm chairs and big screen TV. I was tempted to take a nap but the turbulence and worrying about how I’m possibly supposed to pull this mission off without getting myself or my friend killed kept my eyes from shutting. There was also the issue of the Prince himself. I’m not sure how he is going to react upon seeing me again. We didn’t exactly part ways amicably and he seemed like the type that was used to everyone doing exactly what he wanted. Probably because he’s the ruler of an entire nation of people who just happened to be the baddest of the bad when it comes to fighters. 

I read once that they start training their males at age five and continued that training throughout adulthood. It makes sense that they would practice daily to keep muscle recognition but I don’t know if they really start their children training at such an early age. I was taught by the Prince for a short while, mostly self-defense tactics, and I can attest that he was a remarkable fighter. He moved without thought. It was as though his body registered what move his opponent was about to make and would react totally on instinct. The results were awe inspiring. Granted, I was just learning how to fight myself and all he was willing to teach me was self-defense (“women shouldn’t have need to fight when men are around to protect them”). But the moves he taught me were enough to keep me out of a couple sticky situations until I was able to learn more and practice and sharpen my own fighting skills. I am under no illusion that my current abilities, as numerous as they are, will be enough protection to help me if the Prince and his men decide to extract retribution. One Fey warrior I could hold my own against. Maybe even two or three. But there will probably be no less than a dozen of the Prince’s elite there with him and I’m not sure I could take the Prince even if he was by himself. Who am I kidding? He is the strongest Fey alive, both magically and physically, and he easily out weights me by a hundred pounds. So that means he’s had about five hundred years longer to train, almost doubles my weight, is close to a foot taller than me and is at least equal to if not more magically gifted than I am. Yeah. Fighting the Fey is to be avoided at all costs. 

That just leaves seduction which is probably the last thing I want to do. Not that the Prince isn’t attractive. On the contrary, he is extremely attractive. Definitely a ten on the scales. The last time I saw him (which was over two and a half centuries ago) he had shoulder length black hair that he liked to keep tied back with a piece of leather, green eyes the shade of fresh dewed grass and the massive body of a Fey warrior. All Fey males are huge, probably due to all the training they do. But the Prince has to be one of the largest men I have ever seen (excluding those Giants in Iceland). He stands about six foot five and is muscle from head to toe. Not the kind of muscle gotten from hours at the gym but the kind created from years of battle training. The word scrumptious tends to come to mind when thinking about him. Not that I think about him often or anything. Only when necessary. Like, when planning to rob him of one of his people’s relics. Because even though the knife was made for the Sintians originally, it was claimed by the Fey warriors during one of the first battles they fought after binding with their Dragon brothers and has been kept by them ever since. I’m sure it has been heavily guarded at Bevalon Castle, the Fey’s main stronghold just off of Loch Lomond on the edge of the Caledonian forest in central Scotland. Why the Prince would bring it to Glasgow for the Endangered Races fundraiser is beyond me. 

Maybe he wants to prove that his dying race isn’t afraid of anyone. Except maybe time, that has to be their largest enemy. I mean the Fey are essentially immortal, not in the true sense because they can be killed. But barring anyone cutting off their heads or stabbing them through their hearts they will pretty much live forever. Imagine being a Fey man that has only one woman that he believes is destined to be his soul mate and then imagine that there are only one woman for every thousand men and that every one of those women are already mated to another man. It would make a pretty long eternity. Personally, I don’t believe in all that “destined to be” BS but the Fey live by it. Then again who was I to judge. “Live and let live” as the saying goes. Or perhaps it should be “Exist and let exist”.  


************


I was just about to doze off when the plane finally landed and the welcome committee started firing automatic weapons into the hull of the plane. Seriously? I haven’t even been in Scotland in at least five years. That was just to catch a Were that had jumped bail and then I was gone as fast as I could open a portal. So is this a setup or a random act of violence? That is the question. I figure it’s probably the former since the later seems highly unlikely this far into Fey territory. Lake Lomond and the Fey’s main stronghold are only about a thirty minute drive from here and that equates to a blink in portal time. It wouldn’t take hardly any energy at all to open a portal that far.

Well I’ll be damned if I’m just going to sit here and be shot at so I took a peek out of a window while hoping I didn’t lose an eye. There were at least twenty guns shooting at once. Kind of extreme to have that many men shooting automatic weapons into a plane with only one passenger. Once I determined that the gunfire was coming from behind a couple of hummers that had pulled parallel to the plane about thirty feet away, I opened a portal ten feet behind the one on the right and hoped the shooters were to preoccupied with shooting the plane to notice me popping in behind them. I came through with both my scimitars raised and swinging. I mean, come on, gun trumps blade any day of the week. Unless gun holder is headless that is. I managed to decapitate shooter number one before any of them realized what was happening. Number two must have realized his buddy beside him wasn’t shooting any more because he was in the process of turning around when I stabbed him through the heart. He just looked at me and smiled. Great. Demon. Just what I didn’t want to deal with right now. You know the saying “heartless Demon”? That is the Gods’ honest truth. Their anatomy is completely different than ours because they are in a completely different form when they are in their dimension. A form that can’t exist in this dimension which is why they take a Human-like one here. I’ve seen pictures of some of them in Demon form and lets just say I’m glad they have to change. Fugly. Makes me shutter just thinking about it. But just because it looks Human doesn’t change the fact that their genetic makeup does not include blood circulating through veins and therefore there is no need for a heart to pump. So basically me stabbing him in the chest with a steel blade was more of a nuisance for him than anything. He continued swinging his gun around aiming at my own chest so I dived to my right in an attempt to dodge bullets. Superman, I am not. I felt the sting in my left shoulder as the bullet hit but I managed to use my momentum to kick his feet out from under him and luckily the gun went up as he went down. I didn’t waste any time in removing his head then turned to face his friends who were standing behind me aiming big guns in my face. Have I mentioned that I really don’t like guns? Too messy, and it’s really hard to kill an Other with one due to their speed. Most of the time you have to hit them in the heart or manage to decapitate them which is really hard to do with a little bitty bullet. Of course an automatic weapon shot bullets so fast that it was a lot easier to hit the mark even if it was messy and these Demon were standing close enough that there was no way they could miss.
The Demon closest to me was smiling as he said, “Deceiver. We have been sent to retrieve you. You will drop your weapons and come with us immediately. Or we will be bringing your soul back to our master instead.” 
Uh, let me think about it. That turns up “no” every day of the week. Since he hadn’t already shot me in the back (his mistake) and his buddies were so graciously standing still for me, I started pulling energy from his companions. There was a legion of Demon (minus the two I had already killed) standing before me and their magic felt like poison filling me as I pulled it inside. Demon energy is just gross. Not to mention pulling the energy from almost twenty beings into myself would be complete suicide for someone with less capacity for magic. But I have found over the years that I can temporarily store large amounts of magic. The only problem was that it hurt like Hell to hold so much inside and when I release it all it’s like a bomb went off around me. Also, the release of that much magic at once usually knocks me out. Since I didn’t want to risk losing consciousness right now I mixed their energy with my own and used it to freeze all of them at once. No, I don’t mean that I shot ice from my fingertips I simply froze them in time so they were unable to move in any way. I gave them a grin of my own. 
“You can’t shoot someone when you’re finger won’t move.” 
Unfortunately, several of the weaker Demon’s energy had been completely used so they were returned to their Hell dimension. 

I would have rather stabbed them with Brimstone so they couldn’t return but sometimes you have to make choices. I couldn’t fight them all without using magic and I really didn’t want to have to tap into my reserve in case I need it when dealing with the Fey. I’m already using it to heal my bullet wound. So those demon got off lucky this time but at least I’ll be able to send their friends to a permanent vacation. I slowly got to my feet (man, bullets hurt) and pulled Brimstone from the vail. The knife felt warm in my hand. It always carried a warmth because it was made from the same thing that the Hell dimension was made of and the heat of the fires are always burning. 

As I approached the Demon who had spoken, I could see the panic in his eyes. He couldn’t move a muscle but his eyes were aflame due to his distress. All Demon could recognize a weapon made from their homeland.
“Tell your Demonlord I said to stay in Hell where he belongs.” 
I pulled up his right shirt sleeve looking for a brand. When I didn’t find it there I moved around to his back. Most Demonlords mark their minions. If I could find the mark I might recognize it. I found what I was looking for almost immediately. Right on the back of the neck. The mark was in the same place my mark was in. I didn’t get mine from a Demonlord though. This Demon’s master was Christilon the Cold. Which I have to say is the stupidest name for a Demonlord I have ever heard. Isn’t that an oxymoron to call him cold when he calls the fires of Hell home? I know the name referred to his demeanor and in that sense the name was apt because he was one cold ass mofo. Which is how he earned the position of Demonlord to begin with. I met him during the time I don’t talk about and I am glad I have never had to see him again since. But why would he send a legion of his minions to kidnap me? I feel like I’m trying to put together a five-thousand piece puzzle with several of the pieces missing. Well, I sure wouldn’t get any information from his minions. First, they are never privy to any important information because Demonlords are notoriously paranoid that their minions will use the information to backstab their lord (which coincidentally is how Demon become Demonlords) and second, they wouldn’t tell me any information they did know even if I tortured them. They were too used to torture for it to work and in the Hell dimension information is power. They definitely wouldn’t give up what they had. 

Since I wouldn’t get any information, I went ahead and dispatched them back to their master. Finding the best position, I pushed Brimstone in while reciting the ancient Hellion ritual and poof. Gone. Now it might not make since that I stab them in the chest even though there is not a heart but the way their biological makeup is, the chest would be equal to the solar plexus on a Human. It’s the point of their Human-like body where the energy/magic that is centering them is located and therefore allowing them to stay in this dimension. By stabbing them with a piece of their own dimension and performing the ritual it binds them to their homeland forever. The Demon that are killed here without the ritual are fair game to be returned anytime their DemonLord wants to use some of his energy to return them. Depending on how strong the DemonLord is and how important he feels it is for those demons to be returned, they could be back in our dimension in days or even hours. Demon with a score to settle and automatic weapons. That’s a comforting thought. Good times. Fortunate for me only a few of them will be able to return to exact revenge. No problem. I’ll just add that to my growing list of people that want to kill me. One needs to make lists of these things. After all I wouldn’t want to forget. 

Seven


I arrived at my hotel without any more bloodshed. I still had the unanswered question of why Demon would be waiting to attack me as soon as I landed. To risk the Prince’s wrath just on the off chance that they actually killed me didn’t seem worth it. It doesn’t make any sense but I’m sure I’ll find out the reason sooner rather than later. I just hope I don’t die first. Since the Demon had already killed the driver who was waiting for me to arrive, I had to catch a cab from the airport. Which was no small feat because there are always more passengers than cab drivers and I was covered in blood (only part of which was my own). Fortunately, all it took was what I call my “psycho look” and the gentleman about to enter his cab was willing to relinquish it to the crazy, blood covered killer. Um...that would be me. Sorry, but bullet wounds make me cranky and I’m not in the mood to stand in line like a good girl.

The Radisson Blu is a relatively new hotel in the center of Glasgow’s business district. I kept looking over my shoulder the whole way here. Expecting a legion of Fey warriors to pop out of the shadows at any time. But luck was with me and either the Prince didn’t know I was here, didn’t care (which was unlikely), or was waiting for the perfect opportunity for attack. Don’t get me wrong. I don’t think they would kill me or injure me any more than they had to. It was capture that I was afraid of. Some might think being held against your will in a castle full of smoking hot guys wasn’t all that bad but a gilded cage is still a cage. And I will never be caged again. 

I managed to make it to my hotel room at about two in the morning. The first thing I did, which was the first thing I do anywhere I stay, was to put up a ward that would not only keep anyone I don’t want to enter out but would also block sound from leaving the room. That way if I need to say something that I don’t want outside ears to hear, I don’t have to worry about leaking information. Then I needed to clean up. Demon blood stank like butt. 

After I showered and dressed without incident I was starting to relax a degree. That was when there was a knock on the door. I pulled a dagger and sent out magical feelers to see what was on the other side. It was basically reading their aura only with Others I was reading their magic. Each species had their own signature colors surrounding them. For example, Humans auras are bright warm colors like pinks, reds, yellows, and oranges and Fey are light cool colors like light blue, lavender, and light green. That does vary slightly depending on the persons morals. A Human who was a thief and murderer would have stripes of darker red and black marbled through their aura. With some species is was hard to tell their values just by looking at their colors. It was easiest with Humans to determine whether a person was good or bad or just a little of both. But you could tell when someone was pure evil no matter what their species. Black auras said evil. The more black, the more evil the person is. Demon auras are typically all black.  

I used my magic to read the aura of the being on the other side of the door because sometimes just knowing what it was could tell you whether it was friend or foe. And I learned long ago never to use the peep hole. Not if you want to keep your eye that is. The magic on the other side was in warm colors darker in shade but not malevolent.  No black, just deeper reds and oranges. Vamp. They have the same colors of Humans only in darker shades. This must be my date for tonight. 

I opened the door to a handsome middle aged looking man that I could totally see standing in a boardroom giving orders to his subordinates. Standing there in his Armani suit he gave me a slight bow. 
“Lady Belaveau, it is a true pleasure. King Dorian told me of your beauty but I find words are incapable of capturing it completely.” 
Wow, a smooth talker, this mission might not totally suck after all. No, I take that back. It’s going to completely suck I just know it. I tried my best to reply as elegantly as him but failed miserably. 
“Come in, Monsieur Gauthier.” 
“Please. Call me Remy. After all we will be going on our first date in a few hours.” 
Our first date? Oh boy. I need to nip this in the bud now. 
“What information have you been given about the mission, Remy?” 
“My King advised me you were in need of an escort this evening while attending an affair at the Lighthouse here in Glasgow. And that while you are in my company I am to protect you with my life.” 
Yep, that sounds like my brother-in-law. Not caring for the details of my mission only my well being. Not that I mind him caring for my well being. It’s just that he does it for totally selfish reasons. It is my sister Isabella’s well being that he truly cares for and through her, me. Because if her sister gets hurt she will worry and Dorian would do anything for his wife. That includes protecting me. The only problem is that if the you-know-what hits the fan there isn’t a damn thing Remy Gauthier could do to protect me. 
“Look Remy I think it’s only fair to let you know that this is not some leisurely date night. I’m on a mission from the Prima Orda and I’m perfectly capable of protecting myself. I only need an escort for visual purposes as it would raise to much suspicion for me to arrive alone. Are you prepared to act as my date knowing these details?” 
He didn’t miss a beat. 
“Of course, Princess. I am ready to assist you in any way you may need.” 
He bowed again to prove his point. 

I should mention here that Vampire protocol states all relations of the King or Queen are considered princes or princesses. Unlike most Human kings, the title is not inherited. It is instead won. Therefore, the King can name anyone related to him royalty. Typically, it only relates to vampires. But my brother-in-law could lose the title at anytime which would make me no longer a princess. Unfortunately, that would also mean that my brother was dead and then I would have to kill whoever killed him. It’s a vicious cycle really, but, thus is the circle of life. 

I personally hate being called a princess so I gave Remy the hairy eyeball. 
“If you ever call me Princess again I will be forced to hurt you. Just because my sister is married to the King does not make me Princess. Genivieve will suffice. Got it?” 
He looked surprised. No doubt he expected a wilting violet instead of a prickly pear. Oh well. 
“Of course Pr...uh...Genivieve.” 
Men. Can’t live with them and the older they get the harder it is to train them. I’m sure Remy is at least a few centuries old. A vamp isn’t born with the kind of power he’s running around with even if his sire was an extremely powerful elder. 
“Great. I’m glad we’re both on the same page. The sun will be up in a couple of hours so I’ll let you be on your way and I’ll see you at seven thirty this evening?” I asked. 
“Yes, my lady.” He bent to kiss my hand. “Goodday to you. It was truly a pleasure meeting you. I am eagerly awaiting our evening together.” 
When he looked back up he had a grin on his face that showed a single dimple on his left cheek and turned his features from handsome to gorgeous. I couldn’t help but to smile back. He then turned and left the room. I just don’t know how to act around a gentleman. I pretty much told him that he was a pawn I was using and he still treated me like I was something precious. Maybe he thought I would decide to become a vamp someday like my sister and then I would be a princess. It’s a good thing he doesn’t know the truth then because I will never be a Vampire. Genetics wouldn’t allow it. Of course, most don’t know that Isabella is not my biological sister but instead one born of tragedy. Some situations create a bond that is stronger than blood. Speaking of my sister, I think I’ll call her to see how she is and to let my brother know how much I don’t appreciate his meddling.

The phone only rang twice before the King answered.  
“Hello Sister. Did you like my gift?” 
I’ll show him a gift, right up his posterior. 
“No Brother, actually I didn’t. Why didn’t you tell him who I was and that this wasn’t a date but a mission?” 
“I did tell him who you were. He wasn’t too worried about the details after that. I did stress that he was to protect you with his life and he is a formidable fighter. Not to mention an international business mogul. In fact, if you took the time to get to know him better you will find you both have a lot in common.” 
In other words he told him that I am the sister of the Queen and an international business owner. He probably didn’t even mention that this is a mission for The Prima. Gods save me from well meaning brother-in-laws. 
“I don’t need a boyfriend Dorian. I need an escort who won’t act possessive if I start schmoozing up my mark. I don’t suppose you mentioned the fact that I will never become a Vampire Princess did you.” 
“Genivieve, he has no concern for becoming royalty. He is already worth over a billion euros and is on the Vampire council why would he need to wed a Princess? I can assure you, the fact that you are the Queen’s sister is not the only appeal you have.” 
He couldn’t see me rolling my eyes. 
“The one thing I’ve learned is that people with power want one thing. More power.” 
“Please believe me, Sister. I would never send a man of ill intent to guard you. His reasons are pure and he will be a powerful ally to have if things...go south, I believe the saying goes.” 
“Very well although I would like to point out that I don’t really need protection. I could take Remy Gauthier out with my eyes closed. But there is not much I can do about it now anyway.” 

Thinking now was the time for a subject change. 
“So how are my sister and the cutest Prince in the world?” 
He chuckled at my description of his son. 
“My love is as wondrous as always. She is resting currently and my heir is... rambunctious is the first word that comes to mind. As I’m sure all five year olds are.” 
I had to smile at that. Yes, rambunctious definitely describes Dominic. Then I thought about my sister pregnant with her second child. A girl, even though I haven’t told her yet since she doesn’t want to know. 
“Has she had any problems with the pregnancy that she hasn’t told me about?” As her midwife I would need to know. 
“No Sister. She knows better than to not tell you anything. I hope this one goes as smoothly as the last.” 
Me too. Vampire births were rare. Mostly because it was rare for Vamps to go through the mating ritual that bound them together and allowed them to procreate. 
“As soon as this mission is over I will come by for a check-up. It shouldn’t be more than a few days.” 
I was being optimistic. 
“Very well. We will await your return. Be careful around those warriors. I couldn’t imagine the political hoops I would have to jump through to get you back.” 
“I’m always careful, Brother. Give my love to my sister and nephew.” 
“Of course. Goodday, Sister.” 
As I hung up, I thought of what Dorian said about getting me back from the Fey. I couldn’t help thinking there was nothing he could do or offer that would convince them to relinquish their hold once they got me. I guess I better not be captured then. Yeah, no problem I got this. Time for some sleep before tomorrow evening. After all, I’ve got to be at the top of my game in order to seduce, steal from and evade the Prince of the Fey. And I had already used part of my magic reserve to heal the bullet wound on my shoulder. While I sleep my body will pull energy slowly from my environment that will refill my cache of magic. 


************


I was just about to pull the covers back on the king size bed when there was another knock at the door. Sending my magic out again, I read a Vamp signature with a Were. Did my brother send more protection for me? Or did Remy return with a friend? Well, I hope they like my froggy PJ’s. I opened the door with a scowl, I really just wanted to go to bed. 

This is one of the few times that looking through the peep hole would have been a good idea. As soon as I saw the guys with knives standing in the hall I knew I had made a huge mistake. Fuck. Can’t a girl catch a break? I tried to shut the door in their faces but the hairy guy (obviously the Were) put his boot in the way and the Vamp pushed it open. I wouldn’t have been too worried about these guys if it weren’t for the fact that two more came into view as soon as the door was forced open. One of these looked like a Demon and judging by the scruffiness of the other one, he was a Were. I didn’t really have time to read their auras.

They all tried to push their way into my room and let’s be honest here, I didn’t really have much of a chance of keeping them out. So I did the most basic thing I could. I pushed against the Vamp with all of my strength which caused him to take a step back into hairy guy number one. While they were touching, I shot a bolt of electricity into the Vamp and since he was touching the Were, the current traveled through both of them. They dropped like sacks of potatoes. Nothing stops a heart like ten thousand volts running through it. As they fell, I reached into the vail and pulled out Brimstone with my left hand and one of my scimitars with my right and started toward the remaining Were and Demon. I was ready to finish this. They both looked at their companions dead on the floor, then at me coming at them armed and took off for the stairs. By this point I was pissed. They thought they were just going to gang up on me in my own hotel room? Did they really think I was that easy of a mark? Well, they had another think coming. 

Instead of following them into the stairs I just opened a portal to the lobby. I figured since I was only on the third floor, it wouldn’t pay to follow them and this way I could head them off at the pass. Luckily, no guests were in the lobby and the concierge desk was on the same wall as the stairs with a conveniently placed potted plant blocking their view of the crazy woman in her froggy pajamas carrying a sword and knife. I quickly opened the door leading to the stairs before anyone was the wiser and started working my way up to meet my uninvited guests. 

Only they weren’t on the stairs. I stopped and listened for a moment to see if they had decided to head up in an attempt to outmaneuver me but I didn’t hear anything. The stairs were completely silent so I quickly went to the second floor and opened the door only to find that there wasn’t anyone there either. That was strange. Neither a Were nor low ranking Demon could open a portal unless they had a spell that was created ahead of time. Even then it took a few moments to stop, say the spell and wait for the portal to open before stepping into it. There was no way they had the time to open a portal that quickly. I took the stairs up to the third floor but I didn’t run into anyone. 

When I got back to my room the door was standing open. I hadn’t had time to close it when I ran out. As I reached the door I stopped in my tracks. Where did they go? The Vamp and Were I killed were gone. Were they not really dead? No, I saw them as they fell. They were definitely not alive. Perhaps their friends doubled back, picked up their bodies and opened a portal while I was in the stairwell or on the second floor. They had the look of mercenaries but usually they would just leave their fallen comrades. This has been one of the craziest days I have had in a long while. Time to call it quits. The bad guys are just going to have to wait until tomorrow if they want to fight. I locked the door, checked my wards, headed into the bedroom and climbed into bed thinking of all the ways the forthcoming night could go just as horribly wrong as the last twenty four hours has been. I didn’t think sleep was possible but that was the last thought I had before oblivion.
Eight
I am not a kept woman


There was a knock on the door at seven thirty sharp.  Punctual, I’ll give him that. I had spent the last several hours trying to figure out who would have sent mercenaries to my door last night. Even though they didn’t behave like typical mercenaries would, I still believe that is what they were. I would guess the same person who had issued the attack on Sheryl the other day had sent them. Were they working with Christilon to capture me or was this another person who wanted me out of the picture? I find it hard to believe that I have pissed off that many people recently so it’s likely the two attacks are related and I know the Prince didn’t send them because if he wanted to capture me he would have just sent a bunch of Fey or come himself. Maybe once Christilon realized his horde had failed he hired these creeps to finish the job. But why would he want me captured or killed in the first place? I haven’t even seen him in over three centuries surely he hasn’t been carrying a grudge that long. I figured it was a lost cause to contemplate why someone would want to kill me without having all the facts so I decided to think about tonight and the best way of approaching the Prince. I briefly thought about hanging all over Remy and completely ignoring the Fey to see how he would react but I scrapped that idea almost immediately because the end results would likely go one of two ways. Either the Prince would ignore me as well which would get me nowhere or he would get pissed and start a confrontation with me or Remy. Fey men tend to be possessive to say the least (hence me not wanting to be captured by them). No, I think the direct approach is the best route to take. I’ll act as though I happened to learn about the knife being on display and that I used it as an opportunity to see him. Yes. Making it about him will be the only way to do this, I think. I took the time to check my makeup before answering the door. Have I mentioned how much I really don’t want to do this mission? I have managed to evade the Fey for centuries and here I was about to walk up to the Prince like I couldn’t wait to be dragged back to his castle and never leave.   

Okay, no more stalling. Man, I’m sweating like a Demon in church. I haven’t been this apprehensive since Dru had me open a portal over a canyon that was at least two football fields wide with a three hundred foot drop. My first portal. I had images of bones twisting and shattering and internal organs becoming external organs. The legion of Elves on our tails made the decision for me though and it all worked out in the end. I kept that thought in my head as I answered the door for Remy and stepped out into the hallway. It will all work out in the end. I hope.


************


“Have I mentioned how striking you look tonight? The blue in that dress makes your eyes appear darker than before. More of a deep ocean blue than the clearest of skies. With your dark hair the effect is simply breathtaking.” 
We were being driven to the gala in Remy’s private car and he was looking at me appreciatively. I could just imagine the thoughts he was having. I tried to ignore them. 
“Thank you, Remy. I feel I should let you know some things about this mission before we arrive.” 
I looked at him to make sure my mouth had his attention and not some other body part. His eyes had previously been traveling further south but were now looking at my face so I continued. 
“I will be trying to get close to the Prince of the Fey.” 
“Why?” 
Was that a hint of jealousy? 
“Because that is part of my mission, the rest of the details you don’t need to know. The point is that if the Prince wishes to be alone with me or even have me leave with him you are not to interfere.” 
“I don’t see how I can properly protect you if you leave with someone else my lady.” 
“See, there’s the problem, Remy. Despite what my brother might say, I do not need your protection.” 
I didn’t bother to mention that my magic was at least triple his. There was no need provoking him into proving himself, the fact that I would possibly be leaving him for the Prince was already making him feel inferior. 

I decided to try to smooth things over with him. No need pissing him off now, I still needed him to play “date”. And he really did seem like a nice guy. 
“Don’t get me wrong, Remy. I appreciate you trying to keep me safe. Believe me, no one wants me to stay safe more than I do. But this is what I do for a living and I’m actually quite good at my job.” 
He seemed thoughtful for a moment. 
“That is what I don’t comprehend. I know you currently own fifty-one percent of BelaSoft Corporation not to mention the other smaller companies globally. Why would anyone who is obviously not in any need of money work for an organization that puts their life constantly in danger. I know my King or countless other men of stature would take you in if needed, myself included. Are you in need of assistance my lady? All you would need do is ask and I will make sure your enemies are no more.” 
I was actually astonished by what he just said. He obviously knew a hell of a lot more about me than I knew about him. At least he knew a lot about my finances. He obviously didn’t know very much about me as a person. My owning the majority of a multibillion dollar software development corporation does not define who I am. 
“You are right. I don’t need the money. I don’t work for Prima for the money. I do it to right wrongs. There are so many of them in this world and so many victims that can’t do anything about the situation they’re in. That is why I take the risks I take. And, up until lately, I truly believed the company I had aligned myself with were the good guys. Helping those in need. Sure they charge for their services and some of the victims paying aren’t really victims but I have a choice about which jobs I take and only take the ones that will help the helpless. As far as the King or any of the other men of stature,” I made sure to make eye contact while I spoke the rest “I don’t want nor need you to take care of me. I am perfectly capable of taking care of myself and I will live my life however the Hell I want.” 
I was almost screaming by the time I finished and had to take a deep breath to calm myself. Why does every man think they need to “take care” of every woman? 

Yes, I sounded like a total bitch but what really pisses me off is that if he really looked at me, I mean really looked at the person who was sitting next to him and not the image he had created from the information my brother gave him, he would see that I am as strong as him (if not stronger) both physically and magically. And, that I am in no way afraid of this big bad world. Because I have seen pure evil. I have lived in Hell (not the actual dimension but I’m sure the torture was close to the same) and I came out the other side forever changed. Never again will I allow some one to take my will from me. I will fight and I will win or die trying. Needless to say, the rest of the ride to the Lighthouse was in silence.


************


As our car pulled into line at the valet I turn to look at Remy. He really wasn’t a bad guy. Just misled by my over-protective brother-in-law. I needed to smooth things over before the evening’s events started. I couldn’t imagine spending the evening with him pouting and really I should thank him. His narrow-minded thinking caused my indignation to rise and I realized I am not afraid of anything. Just a few short minutes ago I was sweating with fear and now I am ready to face the world. Or the Fey Prince at least.  So I turned to my companion for the evening. 
“Please forgive me for my outburst. You were only trying to help me and I practically bit your head off. I know you meant no offense in your offer of sanctuary. It’s just that I like being my own woman.” 
He turned to me and offered that dimpled smile. 
“I could tell you were strong willed from the first moment that I met you. It’s quite an endearing quality. I take no offense to your previous outburst as I can tell your independence means a lot to you. I hope you do not think  of me as overbearing. My upbringing is to blame I suppose. I was always taught to help a woman in distress and you seemed very distressed by this assignment.” 
Well, I guess he was observant after all. 
“And I appreciate it very much. I wish there were more gentlemen like you out there. In this particular instance I am not in need of your rescuing. But I will make you a promise. If there comes a time that I am in need and I believe you will be able to rescue me, I will not hesitate to call.” 
He grinned again and bowed his head. 
“And I will not hesitate to come to your aid, my lady.” 
I smiled back. 
“Thank you Remy, that means a lot.” 

The valet opened the door and we stepped out. Surprisingly, I felt better knowing I have Remy at my back. We walked up the steps to the lobby that showed modern art and architecture and gave the attendant our invitation. We were shown to the coatroom and from there into the main gallery where a large area was open for a dance floor with plenty of room around it for people to meet and talk. There were a few couples on the dance floor but most were on the outskirts talking, laughing or just viewing the artwork on display. Most of the art geared toward the abstract and I could see a huge display toward the back that must house the knife. After all, it was supposed to be the main attraction. I also didn’t doubt that is were I’ll find the Prince. I held onto Remy’s arm as he led us into the crowd. Showtime.  

Remy was a very good conversationalist. He knew how to feign interest in whatever the speaker was talking about and would occasionally ask my opinion to keep me in the conversation. We made it past Master Lumar, a London Werewolf council member, and his wife. Then we spoke with an elderly Monaciello from Italy who claimed to be related to a Saci, one of the few who had evaded the cartel. Then we barely escaped a Witch from Canada that was practically begging for protection for her Yeti lover (ewww!) from those “Giant bastards”. Finally we made it toward the back of the gallery. I had dutifully looked anywhere but that section the whole way back. Truth be told, I was afraid of my own reaction upon seeing the Prince again. We briefly spoke to a Vampire named Daniel Ranault, who Remy knew and I almost died when he actually bowed to me. Not a slight bow like Remy had performed but a full out nose-touching-the-floor bow. 
“It is a true honor to behold your beauty, Princess,” he said. 
“Uh. Thanks.” 
Hell if I know how to act like royalty. 

We made quick excuses to move on and when I turned there was the knife in a glass display case that was on a raised column about four feet tall. The knife reclined on a bed of silk with overhead lights shining on it to show it’s intricate details. It was beautiful but my attention was immediately drawn away to the man standing in front of the roped off area around the display. He looked just like he did the last time I saw him. His hair the same blue-black, his mouth a mixture of cruel and sensual and his eyes the clearest of greens were looking right at me as though they could see straight into my soul and steal my every secret. 

I stood there long enough that Remy finally gave me a little nudge with his elbow and it was enough to break the spell his eyes caused. I performed a perfect curtsy. 
“Prince Dubhshaine.” 
I rose to find his eyes still on me. 
“Lady Belaveau.” 
He continued to watch me for a moment before turning to Remy finally releasing me from his stare and held out his hand. 
“Remy Gauthier. Ah doona believe Ah have had the pleasure.” 
The Prince stuck his hand out and shook Remy’s. Oh that Scottish accent, the sexiest on the planet, especially when Prince Raynon Dubhshaine spoke it. 
“Prince Dubhshaine. No, I don’t believe we have ever met before although I must confess I considered making a bid for your online security account. My corporation, Gauthier Securities, has recently expanded to Manchester and is looking for new accounts. May I ask who you currently use for your internet security?” Remy said while shaking the Prince’s hand. 
Raynon smiled like he just had a great idea and said to Remy, “Ah would not know. Ma business manager handles all of those details. He happens tae be here with me this evening if ye would like tae talk tae him. Ah believe he was speaking with Laird Zane last Ah saw.” 
Then he turned to one of the dozen men standing slightly behind and beside him and told him to escort Laird Gauthier to MacChapel. I assume that’s the name of his business manager. Remy looked like he was going to tell them he had to stay with me but as he started to open his mouth I shook my head slightly. His eyes were pleading to stay but I raised an eyebrow. 
“Will you be willing to keep Prince Dubhshaine company while I speak with his business manager, my lady?” he asked. 
I tried not to let the relief show. 
“Of course Remy.” 
He bent and kissed my hand again. 
“I shall return for you shortly.” 
Then he turned and left. 

I tried not to look at Raynon but I could feel him watching the exchange. I took the opportunity to get a closer look at the knife on display. I didn’t hear him approach but I could feel him. His magic rubbed against mine like a cat would rub against your legs wanting affection. 
“Dae ye like the chib?” He was referring to the knife. 
I looked at him for a moment and then made myself turn back to the display before I got trapped again. 
“It’s quite beautiful. The workmanship is of exceptional quality. No doubt it cost a pretty penny. Who made it for you?” 
“Have ye not heard the story about Hephaestus making the chib for the Sintians?” 
I should probably say right here that that old saying about not being able to lie to a Fey is completely true. Now if the Fey you are lying to is significantly weaker (magically speaking) than you, you could probably get away with wrapping your words in a truth spell without them being able to tell the difference. But to lie to a Fey as strong as the Prince or myself, it simply isn’t possible. But that doesn’t mean you can’t evade. For example, nowhere in his statement did he actually say that this was the knife that Hephaestus made for the Sintians. And that is how the Fey get away with lying. I just looked at him and arched a single brow. 
“I didn’t realize Hephaestus was working in Japan these days.” 
He looked at me for a beat then tilted his head back and roared with laughter. The sight was definitely one I would commit to memory. I’m not sure if he thought my quip was funny or the fact that I knew the knife was a fake. 

When he finally stopped laughing, he wiped his tears and asked, “What gave it away? ‘Twas designed tae look like a blade from that time period. The maker even tarnished the metal tae make it look more realistic.” 
I just shrugged. 
“It’s too pretty. Hephaestus was a great weapons-maker but he concentrated on making the blade as balanced as possible. Even in pictures, never have I seen a weapon he has made have that much detail on the hilt, pommel, or guard. He just didn’t care if it looked good. The details were in the weapons abilities.” 
I turned back to him and he was nodding his head. 
I couldn’t help but ask, “So where is the real knife?” 
He flashed me a wicked smile and said, “Wouldn’t ye like tae know.” 
I shrugged again feigning indifference and turned to look at the crowd. I had looked at the fake knife enough. He reached out catching a lock of my hair between his finger and thumb and rubbed them together feeling it. I had decided to leave it down tonight in an attempt to cover some of the places the dress didn’t. 
“Ah am glad ye did not cut yer hair off like a lot of women are doing these days.” 
Currently, it just touched the top of my pants. It would be easier to fight with it short but it’s one of the only girly things I really do. I don’t paint my nails or wear makeup, except on rare occasions, so keeping my hair longer is my one female vice. Well, that and chocolate. I turned to look at him, pulling my hair through his fingers in the process. 
“I’ve always liked my hair long. You haven’t changed that much either. Although I will say, I miss the kilt.” I looked toward his pants.
He looked down at himself and back up then raised his brows once. 
“They dae have better accessibility.” 
The wicked smile was back and I finally remembered that I was supposed to be seducing him not the other way around. I still didn’t know where the real knife was. 

So I returned his smile with one of my own. 
“That is true. Although, I like the tux too and I understand they are adequately accessible.” 
I rubbed my hand down his lapel. 
His eyes were alight when he said, “They have a observation deck on the third floor. Ye can see all of Glasgow. Would ye care tae share the sight with me?” 
I flashed him a smile again. 
“Of course.” 
He held out his arm and I took it without hesitation. 

Nine
Dragons are hot


The sight from the external viewing gallery was awe inspiring to say the least. We had taken the elevator to the third floor and then went up the helical staircase that was suspended from the original water tower to just below the arched roof. Three sides of the gallery were open to allow multiple views of the city. I just couldn’t get over the skyline with lights everywhere and the River Clyde cutting through the middle of it all. Man could make some truly beautiful things. The Gods too. It was amazing. 
“This is the best sight I have seen in a very long time,” I said without turning from the view. 
“Aye, ye took the words right out of ma mouth.”  
I turned to see that he was looking at me with fire in his eyes. And I mean that literally. Raynon Dubhshaine was the last known Dragon-bound Fey. Even though the Dragons had fled to the Firelands and stopped binding themselves with Fey men over seven hundred years ago, they continued to bind with the King, or as the case currently was, the Prince. It gave the Dragon-bound royal a higher capacity for magic as well as increasing their strength and stamina. 

Looking into those green eyes right now with their unnatural glow and elongated pupils the logical part of my brain was screaming for me to open a portal and get away as fast as possible. But I couldn’t. And not because of a knife I needed to steal but because I have never been able to deny this man. Which in a way, just pisses me off. Any other man I could and would tell them to go to hell in a heart beat. Not the Prince though. Hell, in order to leave him the last time I had to light the cabin I had been living in for over a decade on fire around me and open a portal from the middle of the inferno. 

Portals leave residual energy behind that after awhile disperses. But if you want to follow someone it is possible to open a portal where they have just opened one and allow the energy to guide you to where the original portal led. It’s kinda hard to do that if the spot where the portal was opened is on fire. And by the time the fire burned down, the residual energy was gone. I hadn’t gone far though. My breaking heart wouldn’t let me. I had jumped to a mountainside a couple of miles away where I watched him run up to the cabin and attempt to enter only to find the fire was to wide spread. When he had finally realized there was no way to get inside and save the woman he thought was in there he fell to his knees and screamed my name at the top of his lungs. I couldn’t stop the tears that had fallen in rivulets down my face. When the fire had finally died down I watched him check the remains of what had once been my home. I knew the moment he realized that I wasn’t in the wreckage because he lifted his head to the sky and again screamed my name. Only this time it sounded more like a curse. That was the last time I had seen him before tonight. 

Now, here he was standing before me with a light in his eyes that made me think he would eat me alive. And I couldn’t help but want him to.  
“Have ye missed me, Petal?” 
He reached out and took my hair again running it through his fingers. 
“I hate that nickname.” 
It just sounded so cutesy it didn’t fit me at all. 
“Ye used tae like it. And ye did not answer ma question.” 
He continued to stroke my hair while awaiting my answer. Gods, I didn’t want to answer but knew if I didn’t I might ruin my chances right then. Chances for what I wasn’t sure. 
“Yes Rayn, I have missed you.” 
It was the truth. Every man I ever met I compared to this man and I always found them lacking. It was this hold he had over me that scared the ever-living bejeesus out of me. How could I be so strong and so weak all at once? Especially knowing that if I truly gave in I would find myself locked in a Fey castle without any freedom. I had promised myself a long time ago. I would always be free. Never again will I lose my independence. 

My body craved this man unlike anyone else but it’s not meant to be. That doesn’t stop it from wanting though and since I’m supposed to be seducing him anyway I might as well enjoy it for the time being. Soon enough I will be on my way. After this whole business with The Boss is over I’ll spend some time relaxing at home and forget all about Prince Dubhshaine. And if my heart hurts for a little while I’ll just tell it to suck it up. 
“Oh Petal, why dae ye dae this tae us both?” 
Could he tell what I had been thinking? As far as I know, that is not one of his abilities but then again you never really know with the Fey. If he could read minds I was totally screwed. I decided to play stupid. 
“Do what?” 
“Deny what ye feel. Ah know ye want me. Ye were made for me. Why doona ye just admit it.” 
Was he really that arrogant? 
“You know I want you? And how is that? Please don’t say something like ‘I can smell it’ because that’s just gross.” 
He moved a step closer invading my personal space and my body heated. Stupid body. 
“Ah know ‘cause Ah can feel it.” 
He grabbed my hand and put it to his chest. 
“Ye would know that ah want ye too if ye’d stop spending so much time denying it and just feel.” 
Oh I was doing a lot of feeling at the moment. Most of those sensations were occurring below the belt if you know what I mean. 
I tried to swallow and found my mouth was dry. 
Once I found ample spit I said, “I don’t know what you’re talking about. I don’t feel a thing.” 
His smile showed all his teeth like the Cheshire cat and I knew I was in trouble. How could I be so stupid? You can evade the Fey but you can’t outright lie to them. Damn. I’ve spent too much time around people less powerful than me. I’m out of practice sparring with someone that has the same skill level. Raynon took another step forward and I took one back. He continued to back me up until I was against the wall by the stairs. 
“Ye cannot lie tae me. Ah know what ye feel. It tells me all Ah need tae know.” 
I was about to reply with a completely witty statement that would no doubt cut him to the quick but he put those beautiful lips of his to mine and everything else vanished. There was nothing but him and me and I couldn’t get enough. He had his left hand wrapped in my hair and the other on my hip. I opened my mouth to allow him access and he didn’t hesitate to rub his tongue with mine and it was beyond wonderful. He tilted his head to deepen the kiss like he too couldn’t get enough. 

Every inch of his body was pressed against the front of me. I could feel him grow thicker until his erection was pressed against my stomach. He slowly moved his right hand up to my breast and barely brushed the nipple. I couldn’t contain the moan that escaped. This was the encouragement he must have been waiting for because he came back to my breast and began to massage it while rolling the nipple between his finger and thumb and I about came unglued. It was as if everywhere he touched me there was some kind of electric current that was just the right voltage to make every nerve ending stand to attention and await his orders. He released my hair with his left hand and brought it to my other breast to give it equal attention. His mouth left mine for a moment so he could move to my ear and suck the lobe in gently. 
Then he released it and said, “Dae ye feel it now, ma Petal? Dae ye feel me?” 
He slowly ground himself against me. Oh Gods it felt so good. 
“I feel you, Rayn,” I said and then I reached out to stroke him through his slacks. 
He growled and it sounded like some primative beast. 

How this man made my motor run. And then his mouth was on mine again and he slowly moved his right hand down my side, past my hip to my thigh. The leg that just happened to have a dagger strapped to it. He stroked the sheath up and down. 
“Ma, ma. And what is this?” 
That wicked grin was back. I shrugged. 
“A girl has to protect herself.” 
His grin turned grim for just a moment before it returned. 
“Ah think Ah need tae examine this chib closer...tae make sure it’s adequate.” 
And with that he slowly started a descent down my body making sure to rub his lips across each breast then my stomach then the leg that the knife was attached to. 
“Mmm, aye. Ah like this chib. ’Tis of good quality.” 
Was he still talking about a knife? He undid the straps that held the dagger in place and I was about to complain when his hand started to rub my leg up and down. Then he started to rub the other leg slowly raising my dress until he was caressing me through my panties. 

I looked down at him and said “What if someone comes up here? It’s not like this is private or anything.” 
I could just imagine someone coming through the door to my left and getting the full monte. Not that I was undressed... yet. He looked up at me. 
“Ma men will not let anyone come up here. Not tae worry.”
Then he pushed my panties to the side and barely put one finger inside me and removed it. While still looking at me he put his finger in his mouth. His eyes slid closed and he moaned. 
“Oh Petal. Ye taste just like Ah remember.” 
Oh sweet merciful Gods save me. This man was killing me slowly. He returned his hand to my core keeping it on the outside of my panties this time and started to rub me. OMG I was going to lose it. I was already so close. 
“Are ye going tae come for me Petal? Ah want ye tae. Just for me.” 
That did it. I don’t know if it was the words or the accent but I released so hard I actually saw stars and if he hadn’t held me up I would have fallen to my knees. He ran his finger under my panties and returned it to his mouth once more savoring my climax. I felt amazing. By the time I could register my surroundings again he was standing before me with his arms around me. 
“Mmmm. Ye feel so good ma Petal. Ah have not felt this good in ages. What say we go back tae ma hotel and finish this?” he emphasized his point by rubbing his erection against me again. 
I looked into his beautiful eyes and smiled. 
“That sounds like a marvelous idea.” 
He could have told me to strip naked, climb on the roof and dance the hokey pokey and I would have done it right then. 

But I needed to get ahold of myself. Now was not the time to lose focus, after all I still had a knife to steal and his hotel sounded like a good place to start. The fact that his hotel was a lot more private than our current surroundings sounded good too. His words finally sank in. 
“Wait. You’re staying at a hotel in town?” 
I thought he would have just opened a portal or drove in since Loch Lomond is only a forty minute drive from here. 
“Aye, Ah have some business with the organizer of this fundraiser tomorrow so Ah decided tae stay.” 
What business would he have with the fundraiser organizer? I wonder if they know the knife on display is a fake? Perhaps he is meeting them tomorrow to show them the real knife. Could that be it? Last I knew Rayn didn’t have the ability to pull things from the vail as it’s not a typical Fey spell. So if he does have the knife here it would probably be in the safe at his hotel room. Now, if I can keep my head long enough to take it. Have I mentioned how much I really don’t want to do this?


Ten
Double oh seven, I’m not


As we left the roof I felt like I was taking the walk of shame. There were a dozen Fey men posted along the stairs and hallway. I’m sure with their keen hearing they know exactly what happened. But mostly they just looked at me with confused expressions. Since my glamour is made to fool anyone, perhaps they don’t understand what the Prince would be doing with a Human woman. Although, I would assume he’s done this before it’s doubtful he’s spent the last couple of centuries celibate. In my experience men just aren’t made that way.  

When we arrived back at the main gallery Rayn said,  “Ah will let ye tell yer escort goodnight and meet ye at the entrance.” 
He started to walk away then turned back. 
“And Petal. Dae hurry,” he said with a winked. 
I nodded once and walked toward where I could see Remy talking to Daniel, the Vampire we met earlier. He saw me coming and excused himself. 
“Is everything alright my lady? You look flush.”  
Well I’ll be damned if that didn’t make me blush. 
“I’m fine Remy but I need to leave now. I’ll call you tomorrow.” 
I started to leave when Remy reached out and touched my arm. 
“I assume you are leaving with the Prince. Are you sure that is safe? I would hate for something to happen to you.”
I couldn’t help but wonder if he was worried about my well being or my brother’s reaction if I got hurt. 
“Don’t worry Remy. Raynon won’t hurt me. I’ve got to go. I’ll call you I promise.” 
I could tell he wanted to argue and I really hoped he wouldn’t. Rayn had left several of his warriors behind and I didn’t doubt they would interfere if Remy made a scene. I turned and made my way to the entrance as fast as I could. I would return to Rayn’s hotel with him and either make love to him and then search the room once he was asleep (my libido was totally voting for this option) or wait until he was distracted by something else to snoop. Hopefully, I’ll find the real knife because there is no way I’m going to Bevalon Castle for it.

The Prince was standing outside of a limo when I made it down the front steps. 
“He did not like tae see ye go Ah gather.” 
“He was my date for the evening and I pretty much ditched him for another man. How do you think he feels.” 
“Och. Ah would not have let ye go.” 
He said it matter-of-fact like there would be no argument. That was his one downfall. He was so used to everyone doing whatever he wanted that sometimes he didn’t even stop to consider what anyone else wants. 
“I’m sure you wouldn’t.” 
He didn’t bother to reply. He simply opened the door and held his hand out to me. I allowed him to help me into the car and he climbed in behind. We had no longer pulled away from the curb and his lips were on mine again and stayed that way the entire trip to his hotel.

When we pulled up at Blythswood Square he finally released me long enough to open the door and pull me out behind him. The hotel was old world style with a new world flair. We quickly took the elevator to his room on the top floor. He never stopped touching me the entire time as though he was afraid I’d disappear or run away. Which given our past isn’t really surprising. His men kept their distance and allowed us to ride the elevator alone. Obviously, they opened portals instead as they were waiting for us when we arrived at the penthouse. We were let in and I expected Rayn to continue his advances as soon as the door was closed but he surprised me by walking across the room and pouring us both a glass of scotch. Not really my drink of choice but this was the good stuff. He had a seat on the couch and motioned for me to sit next to him. Once I did, he again caught a lock of my hair in his fingers. Only this time he brought it to his nose and smelled it. 
“Ah have missed the way ye smell, Petal.” 
He paused for a moment and then added. 
“And the way ye taste. But Ah missed the way ye smell most. Ye know that is where ma name for ye comes from. The first time Ah opened ma eyes tae see ye standing by ma bed Ah had been dreaming Ah was walking through a field of sweet smelling thistle. And then ye moved closer and Ah realized ‘twas ye. Ye smell of the thistles that used tae grow wild in ma youth. Ah used tae lay in them daydreaming of what the ‘morrows would bring me. It was at that moment Ah realized ye were it.” 
I didn’t know what to say to that so I just sat there in silence for a moment with him running his fingers through my hair. 

Did he really believe that I was his destiny? Because that’s what it sounded like. I would try to tell him that he’s made a mistake. That he needs to find some nice Fey girl who will settle down with him and start popping out kids and that’s not me. But I have already said that to him and that was back before most of their women died. I’m sure as Prince he could have had his choice of women any of which were better suited for him than me. I wasn’t really royalty material. That was another reason that I didn’t spend too much time with my sister. I just couldn’t hack it. Prim and proper I’m not. And the truth be told, I’m broken. There’s just so many times that you can pick up the pieces and still be able to put them back in the right places. After a while they don’t fit quite right anymore. That’s were I am right now. A puzzle put together wrong.  

I turned to the Prince and started to kiss him for all he was worth. I need to get this over with. I don’t think I can stand to be here with him any longer than I have to. It just hurts too much. He kissed me back just as desperately as I was him. Like he knew we just had this one night together. Again he fisted his one hand in my hair while his other roamed my body. He gently pushed me back on the couch and worked his way between my legs. Pushing the strap down on my gown to expose my breast he was moving in to take it in his mouth when there was a knock on the door.  He let out a growl as he looked at the door that was interrupting us. As he moved away to answer it, I wanted to scream in frustration. It was one of his security men.  
“Ah’ll be right back, Petal. Will not be but a moment,” he said then stepped out the door and shut it behind him. 
Well there was the distraction I was hoping for (my libido made a sad face). I hurriedly scanned the living room looking for a safe. Nothing. Most of the time they were in the bedroom anyway. If he comes back and catches me I’ll just pretend to be getting ready for him.  

My search in the bedroom yielded results almost immediately. The painting was the only one on the wall big enough to hide a safe behind. I pulled lock picking tools from the vail which consists of a spell that would block any wards in place, a stethoscope, and a latex thumb cover with a substance on it that would duplicate whatever print was used last on the scanner. I used the spell first and was surprised to find there wasn’t one in place. That is weird. Perhaps Rayn is just that cocky or the knife isn’t in there. Well I’m about to find out. I used the stethoscope to listen my way through the combination. Then placed my thumb covered with the glove over the scanner. The latch turned without problem and I opened the door to find a piece of velvet laid over something small. I carefully pulled the velvet off and inside was the ugliest knife I have ever seen. It looked like Jesus would have cut up his fish dinner with it back in the day. The handle was nicked in several places and the wood had turned an orange color from the age. But the blade looked just as sharp as it probably did the day it was made in Hephaestus’ forge. 

I was just reaching in to take it when I heard. 
“Does this one look more like the real one, Petal?” 
Busted! I turned to him and smiled shyly. 
“Yes Rayn. I have no doubt this is the real one.” 
“And would ye be damning the entire race for those mingering bastards at Prima? The first ma arse. The only thing they are first at is fucking people over and then charging them for it.” 
“I’m not going to turn it over to them,” I said. 
It was important that he knew I would never actually turn the knife over to anyone that would use it to harm the Fey. 
“Ohhh? And what were ye gonna dae with it, Petal? Please enlighten me.” 
“I know someone in the states that can duplicate it. Of course it won’t be as strong as this one or have the same capabilities but it should be enough to fool The Boss until I get my friend Sheryl to safety.” 
“Richard Donnelly.” 
He said the name like it was a curse. 
“He does not give a damn aboot ye Petal. All he cares aboot is making money at other’s expense. If ye died doing this mission he would not care a bit. Of course he knows Ah’d never hurt ye, Petal. That is why he sent ye instead of one of his other Instraments. He’s using ye Petal can ye not see? Do ye even know the people yer working for? Who Richard Donnelly is in league with? Have ye ever even met his business partner? Nae? Why do ye think that is?” 
His eyes were glowing slightly. In his anger his Dragon was close to the surface. 

He stopped to take a calming breath and it must have worked because he was in better control when he said, “Who is this friend ye mentioned needing tae save? And why dae ye need tae steal from me in order tae save them?” 
Now I was practically pleading. He was taking this very well, all things considering, maybe I can convince him to let me make a copy of it. 
“Sheryl’s my friend that works for Prima too. She wants to retire but The Boss doesn’t want to let her go that way so he’s been trying to get her killed instead. You should have seen her the last time. If she hadn’t been an Elve she probably...” 
“A Elve!! Ye are willing tae kill the entire Fey nation for a fucking Elve? How could ye, Petal? What were ye thinking? Please. Please, tell me Ah’m wrong. Tell me ye would not damn the Fey for a Elve. Please.” 
Now he was the one pleading. I didn’t realize the animosity between the Fey and Elves was still so strong. 

But I couldn’t let my friend die. It shouldn’t matter what race she is she’s my friend. One of only a few that I have. I turned toward the safe and reached for the knife. It disappeared as soon as my fingers touched it. A fucking hologram spell. A good one too because I couldn’t feel the magic of it at all. I have no doubt Raynon Dubhshaine made that spell. He’s one of just a couple magic users that is stronger than me. Fuck. This was a set up. I should have known. The convenient knock on the door with his man calling him away, the safe being in such an obvious place, no ward on the lock and the knife just sitting there as pretty as you please. It should have been harder. Like way harder. 

He knew why I was here probably the moment my plane touched down. 
“Why go through this much trouble to set me up for failure?” 
“Ah did not set ye up tae fail. Ah hoped Ah was not right. Ah hoped ye’d see how wrong this is and make the right choice. Instead ye chose a Elve over ma people. Over me!” 
He was Pissed. Not that I can blame him but he was taking this to personal. I wasn’t trying to hurt him. I just needed to help my friend. 
“Rayn, I swear I wasn’t going to turn it over to them. I was going to make a duplicate and hide the original.” 
He hung his head for a moment and again did some deep breathing like he was trying to gain some patience. I wouldn’t have been surprised to hear him counting backwards from ten. Finally, he looked up at me and his face was resigned. 
“Yer a fool, Petal. Ye doona think they will be expecting a double-cross? Richard Donnelly will know a fake before it enters the room.” 
“I had to try. Surely you can understand that.”  
“No Petal. Ah doona ken at all. Ah doona ken why ye deny me. Ah doona ken why ye work for such scum. And Ah doona ken why ye’d risk everything for a Elve. Ah think ye need tae leave now.” 
“Rayn please. I don’t know what else to do,” I pleaded. 
“Ye’ll have tae figure it out on yer own. Yer good at that.” 

He grabbed my arm and walked me to the door. Before he opened it he stuck his nose in my hair and inhaled. 
“Goodbye, Petal. Think aboot what Ah said. If ye ever need me, ye know where Ah’ll be.” 
Then he opened the door and pushed me out shutting it behind me. Several of his men were in the hall watching. I opened a portal before they saw the tears fall.

Eleven
Raynon Dubhshaine


The knock came precisely forty seconds after Genivieve had walked out the door. He knew who it was before he told them to enter. Nicholei, his chief of security, walked in. 
“She opened a portal in the hallway. Would ye like me tae send men tae capture her Sire?” 
“Nae. Let her go.” 
That’s what he kept telling himself but Serval didn’t agree. Mate. His Dragon sent images of Genivieve locked in a room back at the castle. Dragons communicate with each other by sending pictures of what they want instead of using words. Nicholei wasn’t happy about having to let her go either. 
“Sire, ye were right. She tried tae steal the knife. And ye’re just going tae let her go?” 
“Aye. She did not get anything so why bother.” 
Nic looked at him like he had lost his ever-loving mind. 
“She’s a spy from the Prima that’s why bother. By Toutatis, she’s gonna report back tae them everything she saw here tonight. Which other than yer tonsils is not much but still, we should apprehend her and find out what she knows. We might learn quite a bit if we use persuasion.” 
He couldn’t help the rage that filled him. No one threatened his mate. Raynon reached out and, before Nic even knew he had moved, grabbed him by the front of his shirt and dragged him forward so that they were face to face. 
“She is no’ tae be captured. And she is definitely no’ tae be harmed. Dae ye ken?” 
He released him as fast as he’d grabbed him. Nic took it in stride. It wasn’t often that he lost his temper but it did occasionally happen and Nicholei MacKinnon had been his chief of security for the last three hundred years. Ever since Raynon became the leader of the Fey nation after his parents were killed at the beginning of the Fey-Elven war Nicholei had been advising him on security issues. They had been friends from their childhood but since becoming leader of the Fey Nic had called him nothing but Sire. 
“Aye, Sire. She will not be touched.” 
“Good.” 
He took a deep breath to calm himself. It seemed like he’d been doing that all night. It is a wonder he hadn’t hyperventilated. 
“Ah’m sorry Nic. Ah should not take ma frustration out on ye.”
 Nic smiled slightly. 
“It’s alright Sire.” 
“Nae, it really is not,” he replied.
He threw his mate out on the streets. What would he do if something happened to her. I was obvious someone was trying to harm her. 
“Ah’m sure everything will work out Sire. I’ll keep a couple of men on her until she leaves Scotland. If anyone tries to attack her again they will be brought back to you.” 
Gods he hoped someone tried something. The last ones didn’t hold out nearly long enough. You would think a Demon and a Were would have a higher tolerance for pain but he had barely broken a sweat before the Demon released his hold on the energy keeping his Human-like form on this plane so that he could return to Hell and the Were started telling Raynon his life history. Unfortunately, he hadn’t actually met the person who hired him and wasn’t able to give Raynon any viable information. The Prince had dispatched him quickly after learning this.

Nic was looking at him now with indecision on his face and Raynon knew he wanted to question his motives for the evening’s events. He really didn’t feel like explaining himself but he’d let his friend ask anyway. 
“Go ahead Nic.” 
“I’m sorry Sire but Ah have tae ask. What is so special aboot this Human that ye’d let her dae that tae ye?” 
“Human?” 
Oh, he was talking about Genivieve. He couldn’t see through her glamour? Raynon forgot she even wore it. When he looked at her he saw her as she is. Nicholei continued with his questioning. 

“Aye. Ah mean ye have ne’er been enamored by any other Humans. Yet ye’ve been following this one for over a century and Ah just cannot ken why. Obviously she is the magic-wielding type or she would not have lived so long. If it was not for me seeing ye kick her out a few minutes ago Ah’d have thought ye were under a spell. But Ah cannot think of any other reason ye would bother to bring her back tae yer room when ye have a consort waiting at home? Ah mean she is beautiful for a Human. But no’ as beautiful as Shea.” 
“Och. Doona remind me of ma Consort.” 
Cold doesn’t begin to describe her. Nae thank ye he thought to himself. 
“And ma reasons are ma own. Now go prepare the men. We leave for home in fifteen minutes.” 
“Yes Sire.” 
He left and Raynon was blessedly alone.  

Want mate. Again Serval sent images of a captured Genivieve. 
“Aye, me too,” Rayn thought. But if he brought her back now she’d never forgive him. That thought was the only thing keeping him here. How could she think she’d get away with stealing from him. Maybe she wanted him to hunt her down. Is that it? Does she want him to follow her around like a dog until she decides to give him attention. It’ll be a damned cold day in Hell before that happens. He ought to hunt her down, drag her arse back to his home and tie her to his bed for a few decades. Surely he’s due at least a few. Why would she work for the damned Prima? Buncha wankering dunderheids the lot of them. She’s putting herself in danger for no reason. At least no reason he could think of. Did she know how crazy it made him to know she was fighting all alone everyday without anyone to watch her back. No one who gave a damn anyway. Yet she runs when all he offers is protection. Does Fey life sound so horrible? Did the thought of spending her days with him seem so repulsive? How could she deny the bond they shared? Doesn’t she realize he would burn this entire world to ruins to protect her? Oy, she’s driving him mad! 

Each male Fey only had one mate. Each dragon only had one mate. Both him and his Dragon recognized her for what she was the first moment they laid eyes on her. Of course Serval has his mate in the Firelands. Serval met her just after he met Genivieve. That is the way the bond works. They both find their mates at close to the same time and recognize them as the counter part to the other’s mate.  Serval’s mate Chresnia is the Dragon counterpart to Genivieve. This is how Serval recognizes her as mate. She reminds him of his Chresnia. Fortunately for him, his mate recognized him too. And they completed the mating ritual centuries ago. But with Serval bound to him they can’t have young until him and Genivieve are mated and the Dragon offspring will be bound to his and Genivieve’s when he became ruler. That is the way it has been for millennia. Ever since the first Dragon-bound warrior. Only his mate refuses to acknowledge the bond. He will never be King until she does. Fey rules dictate that only a mated couple could become King and Queen. If after the coronation, the King or the Queen die then the other would keep their title. But as long as Genivieve continues to deny him he would continue to rule the Fey as Prince. 

His consort has been urging him for years to complete the mating bond with her so that he could be named King. That was never going to happen. He had told her upon accepting her contract that he would never name her as his mate or Queen of the Fey. That title was Genivieve’s alone. He kept telling himself to be patient. She’ll come around soon enough. But his patience is running out. They need her. The entire Fey nation is failing. He has no way to give his people hope anymore. How can he tell them to be strong, that they will find a cure for their women when after two centuries they still didn’t know what is even wrong with them. They had hoped the crisis was over since no women had died in the last hundred years. His closest friend Aedan’s wife Bethany had been yearning for children. She finally convinced him to try for a child. She is currently three months pregnant and she will not likely make it to term. It was apparent shortly after they found out she was pregnant that the curse was still upon the Fey. Now Raynon was not only going to lose another Fey woman but his friend has vowed to join her on the next plane. There is nothing he can do for them. The women are the healers. Sure the men could create spells that would heal but that took rituals and potions where as the women can but lay their hands upon the injured and heal them without forethought. Of course they had tried to heal the other women when this condition first started but it was no use. Now they don’t let their women heal anymore even if it means death for the Fey injured. It just takes too much out of them. And it takes weeks for them to recover the energy they used to heal. 

At this rate one war and his people will be decimated.  That is why he setup this whole fundraiser in the first place.  Know thy enemies. By presenting a knife known to kill Fey he could sit back and see what crawls out of the woodwork.  He didn’t expect it to be his mate. When he heard she had arrived in Scotland he knew exactly why she was here.  And it sure as Hell wasn’t a reunion with him. She must think him daft. The truth is he would do anything she wanted except hurt his people. He was a ruler first and a man second. It was the title he carried that she couldn’t except. He could understand her not wanting the responsibility of being Queen but to try to turn over the entire nation to the likes of that Gray Wizard, that was unacceptable. But why does Richard Donnelly want to see the downfall of the Fey? It is more likely he is selling it to someone who wants them gone. His guess would be the Elves. They are the only enemy the Fey have had in the last five hundred years. Maybe he needed to have a talk with Richard Donnelly. The kind of talk that involved blood. That sounded like the best idea he’d had all night. But he needed to return home for now. Wouldn’t want his adoring Consort to worry.   


************


I thought about just opening a portal back to my home in Mobile after I left Rayn’s hotel but I had business to take care of. No matter how much I wanted to, I couldn’t wallow in self pity right now. I had opened a portal to the alley behind Blythswood Square. I just didn’t have the willpower to go any farther. I guess I should have expected him to kick me out. Hell, I would have kicked his ass if he was trying to steal from me. But it still hurt. I think what bothers me most is that I hurt him. I really didn’t want to, I just couldn’t see any way around it.

Now, I opened one to the alley behind the Lighthouse. I felt the outside of the building making sure there wasn’t any wards in place, then I opened a portal to right in front of the display case that held the knife. At this point I really didn’t care if anyone saw me. It didn’t matter anyway because no one was there. Apparently, they had all went home for the night and just left the knife in it’s display. I’m sure there is a night guard on duty somewhere in the museum but you would think the main attraction would have extra security or be locked in a vault somewhere. Maybe the Fey had assured the event coordinator that they would provide ample security for the knife so no one else bothered to worry about it. Or more likely, given the setup back at his hotel room, Rayn or one of his men was the fundraiser organizer. They wouldn’t worry about security for a fake knife.  

I slowly reached out and felt for a ward on the display. Nothing. Why should he bother to ward it? I was so pissed that I just punched through the glass display and took the knife. I placed the knife in the vail and opened a portal back to the alley. I needed a walk. This whole night had sucked. Could it really get any more fucked up? I should have known better than to ask that.

I walked down Mitchell Street away from the Lighthouse until it intersected with West George Street. I had heard a couple of the maids at the hotel talk about a coffee shop they frequented and what caught my attention was that the name was Yeeha Internet cafe. Being from the southern states I thought it was pretty funny to find a coffee shop halfway around the world called Yeeha. Yeah, I know it isn’t spelled right, but still. I figured I wouldn’t have time to see it this trip and since I wouldn’t be returning to Scotland anytime soon I would probably never see it. But, as luck would have it I was currently headed straight for it. As I’ve said before, I don’t really believe in destiny. I do, however, believe in coincidences that change your life forever.  

As I walked into Yeeha I passed a young Human lady who appeared to be maybe twenty or so with fire-red hair and blue eyes. Her vibrant hair wasn’t what caught my attention as that is a pretty common hair color among the Humans of this region. No, it was her aura that made me take a second look at her. She was surrounded by a rainbow. Her aura was like none I had ever seen. She had the typical bright warm colors of Humans but she also had light cool colors mixed in. Reds, yellows, and oranges mixed with light blues, light greens, and lavender. They were so striking that I actually saw her aura before I saw her. I just stood there and stared at her as she left the cafe and started walking down the street. I almost followed just to ask her how she could possibly have so many colors in her aura but I could tell she was Human and probably a mundane one since her aura  stayed close to her instead of tendrils moving away like magic-wielding Humans’ did. 

I decided to let it go though and went to the counter to order a latte to go. I’d drink it on my walk back to the hotel. I had enough on my plate thinking about Rayn and how I royally (no pun intended) fucked that up. And how was I going to keep Sheryl safe now that I didn’t have the real knife? I know The Boss will see that the one I have is a fake just as I did. Maybe if I buried it in his eye socket deep enough he wouldn’t be able to tell the difference. That sounds like a good plan actually if I can get away with it. And who was this partner Rayn was talking about? I had heard it was a couple of big wigs, one of which was Donnelly, that had funded the Prima. I always thought the partner ran one of the other country’s headquarters. I guess I never really gave it much thought. I try to stay out of business politics whenever possible. Come to think of it, I try to stay out of politics completely. But I don’t see what the partner had to do with recent events. He’s been The Boss’ partner since long before I started working there. It seems like every time I get more information I just end up with more questions instead of answers. Oh well, I need to get back to my hotel, pack up and head home. I’ll get a good nights sleep and meet with The Boss tomorrow morning. 

I decided to just walk back to the hotel in an attempt to clear my head. My mind felt like it was on a reel. Running through everything that had happened recently and trying to figure out an answer. But none came as I continued down George Street.  

I had just passed a long narrow alley that ran behind a series of businesses when I heard a female scream. I backed up and looked down the alley to see if I could figure out what was going on. The alley was too dark to see anything specific but I could make out the auras of two Humans that were definite bad apples. And then I saw a rainbow. I started running before I even realized I was moving. The girl was laying in the middle of the alley with one man standing over her going through the small pocketbook she had been carrying while the other was kneeling over her in the process of stripping her of her jeans. There was blood on her chest and the stain looked to be getting bigger. As soon as the asshole trying to rape her saw me he held his knife up and smiled like it was Christmas and I was his new present. That is until I grabbed the knife out of his hand and used it to slit his throat. His buddy wasn’t too quick on the uptake because by the time his rapist friend had hit the asphalt gasping while trying to keep his blood inside, he was just then dropping the purse and reaching for the knife at his back. He didn’t have time to do more than pull it out before I stabbed him in the chest. He fell to the ground next to his friend. Let Hell deal with them.  

I dropped down beside the girl and realized she had been stabbed multiple times. She wasn’t going to make it. Even if I opened a portal to the nearest hospital (not that I knew where the nearest hospital was) the doctors wouldn’t be able to save her. She had lost too much blood and was still losing it. There was a pool of it forming around her. I couldn’t just watch her die she was too special but I couldn’t heal mundane Humans. Their bodies just weren’t equipped to handle magic. I decided to try anyway. It wouldn’t hurt. After all, she was going to die if I did nothing and if I tried and it didn’t work at least I did all that I could to try and save her. I reached out my hands and let the energy flow from me to her. I pictured her organs repairing themselves and her blood cells reproducing, forming new blood to replace the old. It was working! I watched as her skin closed back up where her knife wounds had been and saw her color come back. As I examined her I realized something was different. She didn’t look like a beautiful Human girl with a rainbow aura anymore. Her aura was completely cool colors. No, it couldn’t be. I can’t change a person’s species and this girl was definitely Human a few minutes ago. How could her aura change just because I healed her? Then she opened her eyes and I knew. Somehow, some way I had transformed her. The brightness that was shining through her eyes due to her shock was a dead giveaway. I had made her Fey. I had turned her just like I had been turned when I first arrived in this dimension.  What had I done?  

Twelve
Trolls suck, especially when they implode


I knew I was dreaming but the memories wouldn’t stop playing out in my unconscious brain. Me at home in my dimension. The dimension I was born and raised in. I had kissed my husband goodbye that morning then woke the children and got them ready for school. I kissed them both goodbye as they left to get on the bus. I needed to run some errands that morning so I left shortly after they did. After doing my shopping and paying bills, I stopped at the gas station. I was pumping gas in my SUV when he approached me. I would later learn he was a Troll but in my world there was no such thing except in fairytales. He just looked like an unkempt, short man with a receding hairline. He asked me if I knew the time and when I looked at my watch he hit me in the head and threw me over his shoulder. Of course I don’t remember that part since I was unconscious but I woke up as he dropped me in front of some woods about half of a mile away. 

He checked what looked like a compass then grabbed me by the hair and started to walk into the forest. I thought he was going to rape and murder me but he really just wanted to eat me. I guess I should feel lucky that he decided to return home for his meal instead of just eating me right there in the woods. We didn’t go far, maybe fifty feet, when he released me long enough to pull the compass back out and check it then he returned it to his pocket and pulled out an old looking piece of paper. He read some words in a language I had never heard before then grabbed me again as a section in front of us about six feet tall and three feet wide started to fluctuate. It looked similar to heat waves coming off asphalt in the heat of summer. He walked toward it and through while still holding me by my hair. That was the first portal I had ever seen let alone walked through. 

When I arrived on the other side I thought I was dying. I immediately started to go into convulsions and it felt like my insides were on fire. I thought I would spontaneously combust. The Troll let go of my hair and I fell to the floor flopping around like a fish out of water. I’m not sure how long it lasted. It felt like days but eventually the fire subsided, my muscles stopped spasming and unlocked and I took the first breath in what felt like hours. I couldn’t move. My muscles felt so weak I couldn’t do more than turn my eyes. That’s when the Troll returned. 
“Wha’ didcha go an’ do tha’ fer? Yer no’ good fer eatin’ no more. Wha’ are ye women?” 
He moved a little closer to inspect me and I just let him. What else could I do? It wasn’t really like I had a choice. He put his nasty face right up next to me and sniffed then grabbed my jaw and turned it so I was looking at him. I realized that his mouth was too large in comparison to his face and that his face, hands, and feet were larger than should be when compared to the rest of his body. When he looked me in the eyes, his got as big as saucers and he released me and took a step back. 
“It can’ be. Ye were a ‘uman before. Wha’m I gonna do wit’ yer now. I can’ eat yer like this. Th’ magic’ll taste funny. I’ll jus’ haveta try again,” he said. 

I didn’t know what he was talking about of course I was Human. But if him thinking that I wasn’t was going to prevent him from eating me, I was all for him being convinced that I was something else. Maybe he thought I was an alien. He seemed like he could be one of those conspiracy nutjobs. He walked across the room, stepped into the middle of a pentagram and pulled the paper from his pocket. He recited the same words he had spoken earlier but nothing happened. He read them again with the same results. This really seemed to piss him off. 
“Kelp! Kelp, getcher ass in ‘ere,” he screamed. 
A moment later an elderly man came into the room. 
“It ain’ta workin’,” the Troll all but screamed at the old guy.
“I’m sorry m’lord. I will read the grimoire to see if I can ascertain why.” 
“Figur’ it out. I’m ‘ungry an’ I can’ eat tha’.” 
He pointed in my direction. 

The older fellow looked as me and his eyes went wide. 
“Where did you get her m’lord? If the king finds out you took one of his women there will be severe consequences.” 
“She was ‘uman ‘fore I brough’ ‘er through th’ gate.” 
He pointed this time toward the wall that we had come through. The old guy looked doubtful for a moment. 
“I’ll check the grimoire to find out why the spell isn’t working.” 
Then he walked over to a huge book on a stand to the left of the pentagram. I’m not sure how long he actually read because I passed out for a little while. When I awoke he was pointing at the book. 
“...says right here. And I quote ‘This spell is to be used in times of great emergence only as it will allow the user to open a portal to and from a dimension but once.’” 
“Why didn’ ye tell me tha’ ‘fore. Now I went an’ wasted m’ chance on ‘er.” 
The older man was starting to wring his hands together. 
“I am sorry m’lord but I did not see this excerpt before.”
“Bleedin’ daisies. Now I gotta eat cooked livestock. Th’ king’ll know if I eat one o’ th’ ‘umans fro’ ‘ere.”
“And would you like me to escort the lady home m’lord?” 
He had started to inch toward me. 
“’Ome? Her ‘ome is in anot’er bleedin’ dimension.” 
“Be that as it may, I’m sure the King will take her in.” 
“Fuck th’ bleedin’ King. I’m gonna use ‘er.” 
I couldn’t help but cringe when I heard that. 
“But m’lord maybe there’s another spell in the Sorcerer’s grimoire that would allow us to send her home.” 
The slap came out of nowhere and knocked the elderly man to the floor. 
“I said I’ll be usin’ ‘er. Take ‘er to th’ dungeon an’ make sure ye put ‘er in iron.” 
“Yes m’lord.” 
The man bowed and turned to me with an apologetic look. 
“My lady, if you would come with me.” 

I had mostly regained the use of my muscles so I followed him to the dungeon where he told me he was truly sorry to have to put the manacles on me but his master ordered it. I had to wonder how this man ended up being enslaved by that uneducated oaf. I later learned that it didn’t matter how smart you were, if you were sold into slavery your master was whoever bought you. I was left alone for the most part over the next couple of weeks. My only company was occasional visits from Potters, that was the old slave’s name. From him I learned the date was seven hundred and ten by the Gods’ time which I learned later equated to about 1500 AD and the mansion we were in once belonged to an extremely powerful Sorcerer who had died and the mansion and land surrounding it had stood empty for years. Until Gorgan the Troll had moved in. It was in the Sorcerer’s grimoire where he found the spell that would allow him to jump dimensions and a plan had formulated. As a simple creature his plan too was simple. He would open a portal to a random dimension and see if there was anything good to eat.There were rules in place in this kingdom that prohibited the eating of any sentient being. Humans included. Unfortunately, I was the first person he had seen after walking out of the woods where his portal had led him. 

One day Potters came to my cell and I could tell by the look on his face that something bad was about to happen.  “M’lord wishes to see you m’lady.” 
I had hoped I would never have to look at that ugly face again but that was wishful thinking. He led me up to the third floor and into a huge bedroom that looked like it used to be beautifully decorated. Now, everything was either broken or extremely soiled or both. Gorgan was laying on the bed. 
“Leave us,” he said. 
Potters gave me a sympathetic look then immediately left the room. That was when I noticed a women sitting at a table in the corner of the room. On the exterior she was extremely beautiful but I could tell she was not nearly as pretty on the inside. The colors surrounding her were dark, even black in some places. I didn’t know what that meant at the time but knew it wasn’t good. 
“This is her?” she asked. 
“Course it’s ‘er. Why else wou’ I bring ‘er to ye? So can ye do it?” Gorgan replied. 
“Oh yes. She is very strong. I will create a glamour that will use her own energy to power it. It will be so strong even the King will not be able to see through it.”
Her french accent made all of her e’s and s’s extra long. I didn’t know exactly what they were talking about but I figured he was going to try to disguise me so that this King of their’s wouldn’t recognize me. Why, I wasn’t sure. She started to add some ingredients to a cauldron that was sitting on the table next to her. After a few moments, she started to chant and the mixture in the pot began to smoke. Finally she stopped chanting and turned to me. 
“Give me your hand child.” 
I reached out my hand to her and she grabbed it before I noticed the knife in her other hand. She sliced it across my palm and held my hand over the cauldron allowing several drops to fall in. I realized my blood didn’t look right. It wasn’t the bright red color that blood usually was when it first left the body. It’s base color was still red but it was shimmery like glitter was mixed with it. I assumed at the time that it was something she had done. She was chanting again and this time the tendrils of smoke were actually moving toward me. Then they started to surround me until I was breathing them in and couldn’t see past them. I felt tingles all over as I slowly absorbed them through my skin. When it was done Gorgan walked over and inspected me from head to toe. 
“Thi’ doesn’ change th’ way she feels does it.” 
“She should have the same effect on the opposite sex as before.” 
“Good. I shou’ make a bit off ‘er. I still owe Christilon fer th’ last slave I bough’. Maybe ‘e’ll take it in trade. Kelp!”
The elderly man returned like he had been standing right outside the door the whole time. 
“Yes m’lord?” 
“Take th’ girl to th’ baths then to a room. Bu’ make sure she’s stayin’ in iron.” 
“Yes m’lord.” 
I was led away to the baths and then to an opulent room that looked like it hadn’t been dusted in at least a decade. Later that night I met Christilon the Cold for the first time. 

Just as I was getting to the most horrifying part, the dream changed. I knew I was still dreaming but I was no longer trapped in memories. Instead, I was standing on a dock that stretch far out into the ocean. If I looked behind me I could just make out sandy white beaches and in front of me the dock continued into the horizon. Looking out at the sea on either side showed nothing but water as far as I could see. There was a slight breeze blowing off the water and the waves steadily beat against the sides of the dock. It was actually quite peaceful in a solitary way. 
“I’m glad you find it peaceful since the message I came to give is anything but.” 
I turned toward the voice and saw none other that my favorite bartender. 
“I’m surprised we’re not being fanned by beautiful men with you controlling the dream,” I said. 
This is not the first time Dave has invaded my sleep and the last time we were at lady’s night at Cash’s, a local strip club. If he had been watching the dream I was having before this one he didn’t mention it. 
“Too many ears listening. That’s why I chose the seclusion of the sea. I didn’t think you would like to be under water so I picked the next best thing.” 
Yeah. Coming into a dream under water would not have went over well for Dave. 
“So what’s the message? I’ve got a boss’s ass to kick tomorrow and I need my beauty sleep,” I said. 
At this rate, I would be lucky to get five minutes of decent sleep tonight. 
“Since when did you start worrying about your looks?” Dave replied. 
“I don’t, but I really do have a lot going on so if you could get on with it I’d much appreciate it. I have already had to seduce the Fey Prince which went horribly awry. Then I killed two guys and saved a girl which also went horribly awry, I might add.” 
He just stood there looking at the ocean with a grin on his face like he just loved hearing how screwed up my life was. 
“Why don’t you get on with the ominous message you came to deliver,” I all but huffed. 

He finally looked at me. 
“My, you are testy when your sleep’s interrupted aren’t you. And I have more than one message thank you.” 
At my look of annoyance he decided to pick up the pace and said, “Okay. Okay. First, Alice said and I quote ‘The time is fast approaching to forget your past and rely on the reliable. Watch your back.’” 
What the hell does that mean? Rely on the reliable? Who is reliable? At least telling me to watch my back is pretty straight forward. 
“Okay. That’s kind of confusing. Why can’t she just tell me ‘so and so is going to attack you at such and such time tomorrow’ or something like that. Anything with a little bit more detail,” I said. 
Dave just rolled his eyes and then arched his right eyebrow. 
“You know that’s not the way Oracles work. If she gave you specifics, she would have to pay retribution.” 
“Retribution? To who?” 
“Oh you know. A pound of flesh, to whoever gives her the visions of course.”
 Oh. 
“Alright. I can see why she’s so vague. Now, what’s your message? You better be straight forward because I know you don’t have to pay restitution for giving me your information.” 
Dave took his time answering. Instead he looked again out at the waves. I wondered what he really saw. Whatever he was about to say must be pretty important because I’ve never seen Dave look so solemn. Usually he was playful and flirty the whole time. He finally looked at me and said, “The Prima is in partnership with a Demonlord. I’m not sure which one.” 
Wow, that was straight to the point.
“And how do you know this?” I asked. 
“You remember my friend Malcolm?” 
I nodded. 
“Well he just started working at Galatoire’s Restaurant in New Orleans. He said the tips are the best he’s ever gotten. But anyway, last Wednesday he was waiting tables and in walks Richard Donnelly. Malcolm recognized him from his picture in the Times-Picayune last month when the paper did a piece on prominent businesses of New Orleans and their CEO’s. So Malcolm took his drink order and was wondering why he was seated at a booth while he was all by himself when a Demonlord walked in and sat at the booth with him. Malcolm’s momma was a Bokor from Haiti so he knows evil when he sees it. I’m not sure what their meeting was about but it was heated. Malcolm said the Demonlord seemed pissed. He kept throwing his arms into the air and pointing to Donnelly as he spoke. Then before he left he tossed a thick envelope onto the table and Donnelly picked it up and put it inside his jacket. Nothing good could come from him meeting with a DemonLord, Vieve. At least nothing good for you. Only people doing devious things get involved with Demonlords.” 
He seemed so distressed that I almost gave him a hug before I remembered it would break the spell and the dream would end.
“Did Malcolm happen to tell you what this Demonlord looks like?” 
He drew his brows together like he was thinking really hard. 
“He just said he was tall with blond hair. I don’t remember if he said anything else about his appearance.” 
“Did he by chance mention if he had a tattoo of a snake running up his neck?” I asked. Please say no. Please. His face came alive and then he looked slightly shameful. 
“Yes. He did tell me about that. ‘Cause Malcolm thought it was so cliche. ‘The bad guy with the snake tattoo.’ Ya know?” 
Christilon the Cold. Funny I was just thinking about him and how miserable he made my life for a very long time. He had liked my ability to heal so quickly and since all the Fey women were back in Scotland being protected by their men he didn’t know exactly what I was but he liked the way it felt when he touched me or forced me to touch him. I reminded myself that although the dream was fresh the wounds were old and I would never be a slave again. That Troll died centuries ago. It seemed that Sorcerer he thought was dead was really just biding his time until he could collect enough power to call his grimoire to him. And when he did I watched as the troll who had held me against my will for over a century imploded. I smiled at the thought of Gorgan getting his due. Now it was Christilon’s turn. 
I looked at Dave and said with as much conviction as I could muster, “I’m going to kill Richard Donnelly and that DemonLord is going to wish he’d stayed in Hell where he belongs, but I’ve got a five inch blade that will reunite him with his maker.” 

My friend Dru gave me Brimstone to begin with. I’m not sure how he had obtained the knife. I only know that he had had it for an extremely long time. Sorcerers were another immortal species but there are only a handful of them on the planet. Which in retrospect was probably a good thing since they are also the strongest magical beings. Dru had been being held captive by the Elve King for a couple of centuries when I met him and helped him escape. Afterward we split ways but he gave me Brimstone before he left. He told me that the knife was created when the Hell dimension and our dimension overlapped. Apparently this only happened once every millennia or so and lasted for a few seconds. But where ever the dimensions had touched a piece of the Hell dimension was left behind. Then it was forged by magic into a knife that, with the right words, could force any Demon to be trapped in their dimension forever. Most of the time there wasn’t much of the Hell dimension left behind so it was usually forged into a small knife. And since it was made out of Brimstone instead of steel it would break if struck with a stronger blade so basically it had one function and that was to stab into Demon’s chest. 
Dave smiled at the thought of me killing The Boss and said, “I really hope you do.” 
Then he looked at the horizon again and back to me. 
“My time’s up girl. Just promise me you’ll be careful before I go. I kinda like our little romps at the pub.” 
Typical Dave was back as he gave me a mischievous wink. I couldn’t help but smile and said, “Why does everyone tell me to be careful. I’m always careful. It’s those other idiots that need the warning.” 
He smiled back and vanished taking the dream with him. I’m sure the darkness would have taken me then if there wasn’t some insistent knocking. Oh, it’s the door. If it’s the Prince I just might have to kick his ass.

 

Thirteen
On the lamb


I felt to see who was knocking and saw vampire magic.  Remy, I should have known. I opened the door and let him in. 
“I’m sorry for visiting so late but I wanted to make sure you were alright,” he said as he stepped into the room. 
“I’m fine Remy. I told you I would be. Raynon would never harm me.” 
He looked like he didn’t believe that. 
“And why is that?” 
“What?” 
I tried to play stupid. 
“Why would the Prince ‘never harm you’? You said that before at the museum.” 
I did some fast thinking. I couldn’t tell him the truth. None of the vampires other than the King and Queen know what I am. 
“Because of my relationship with the King of course. His people can’t afford a war right now and he knows that is exactly what he would get if he harmed me.” 
That seemed to make sense to him because he calmly walked to the couch and had a seat. Hello! Not everybody here was a vampire. Some of us slept at night. 
“So....is there something else you need Remy?” 
I need to get him out of here before he accidentally wakes my unexpected guest. 
“I would like to court you Genivieve. I understand that this was a mission for you and that you wish to keep your independence and I would completely allow it if you were to become mine. I think we have a great deal in common and could have a good relationship. Would you consider seeing me romantically my lady?” 
I looked at him for a moment. I just couldn’t believe he would want a relationship with me after how I treated him. I had pretty much acted like a total bitch to him then left him for another guy. Granted, he knew I would likely leave with another man but still. What could he possibly find appealing? He was a good looking guy but he wasn’t for me. He needed to find a nice vampire lady and I would never be vampire. I didn’t want to be mean to him but I think leading him on would be worse than telling him the truth now. 
“No Remy. I’m sorry, but I will not date you. I can’t even think about being with anyone right now, my life is so crazy. But even if it wasn’t I would not be the right girl for you.” 
He was quiet for a moment. 
“I see. Well then, I wish you luck in all your endeavors. If you are ever in need, my lady, you need but call.” 
He bent and kissed my hand once more then he left. His parting words sounded an awful lot like what Rayn had said to me just hours ago. Was I destined to be alone? Was I fated to mess up every potential intimate relationship I could ever have? Screw that. I don’t believe in destiny. I make my own.   

Talking about making things, I decided to check in on my guest. I have no doubt she will be freaked out when she wakes up. Back in the alley she didn’t say anything. She only reached consciousness for a few seconds then she passed back out. I had opened a portal to my hotel room and carried her through. I made sure to clean her up and put her in a pair of my flannel PJ’s before laying her in the king bed. As I walked in now she was in a fitful sleep and there were beads of sweat on her forehead. I wet a washcloth in the bathroom and put it on her forehead. Then I sat in the chair beside the bed and sang a lullaby to try to help calm her. I must have dozed off after a while because I awoke to find her looking at me through her long red lashes. 
“Who are you and where am I?” 
Well that was to the point. 
“My name is Genivieve Belaveau and you are in a room at the Radisson Blu hotel. Do you remember what happened?” 
I really hoped she didn’t. It would be easier for her that way. 

She pinched her brows together for a moment like she was trying to remember before saying, “I was walking home from the book store I work at. I stopped at Yeeha and.... you were there. I remember seeing you as I was leaving. I was almost home when I was grabbed from behind and carried down an alleyway. I tried to kick him so he would drop me but he was so much bigger. I remember being thrown to the ground and this guy with a knife. But I can’t really remember much else....except you leaning over me and then I think I passed out because all I remember after that is a beautiful voice singing to me. Was that you?” 
“Yes, you were having a nightmare so I sang to try to calm you. As far as what happened to you, you were being attacked by two men. I intervened and protected you but you had been stabbed so I healed you.” 
She looked skeptically.
“You couldn’t heal me.” 
“Oh? And why is that?” 
I liked her she had spunk. Even with the situation the way it was, she was arguing with me. 
“You couldn’t heal me because A, you are a Human and only Elves, Fey, and some Sorcerers can heal without premade spells and B, I’m a mundane Human. My body will reject the magic.” 
Somebody’s been doing some reading. 
“You are very smart. The only problem is that I am a Fey and perhaps you weren’t as mundane as you thought.” 
“Nonsense. There are only a few Fey women left and they only heal in the most dire of situations because they have to use their own energy to do it and it takes them a long time to recover. I did my dissertation on the Fey crisis my senior year in college.” 
The Fey crisis? Is that what they are calling it now? 
“How old are you?” 
“I’ll be twenty three next month. I actually feel really good. I would think I would have bruises everywhere after my altercation but I don’t feel any bruising or see any cuts.” 
She sat up and looked at both of her arms. 
“That is because I healed you like I said. You are correct in your recount of the Fey and their women but I am what you would call ‘off the grid’. I don’t have the same limitations as the other women. I know I don’t look Fey. That is because of a spell that keeps me under a glamour.” 
Then I concentrated on dropping my glamour. The intake of breath told me that she was seeing the real me. 
“My God. You are beautiful,” she said. 
“Uh, thanks. So do you believe me now?” 
“I still don’t see how you could heal me. I have never wielded magic before. I thought I was a complete mundane. How could you heal a completely mundane Human?” 
Good question. 
“Um, about that. Do you have any family around here? I noticed you don’t have a Scottish accent.” 
“My mum lives in Leeds. She used to live in Inverness before I was born and she is always talking about how beautiful Scotland is so I decided to see for myself. I moved to Glasgow about six months ago. Do you live at Loch Lomond?” 
“No, I live in the US. Are you related to any Fey?” 
I know its rare for Fey men to procreate with women of other races but maybe it was becoming more common now that there were hardly any Fey women. I just can’t think of any other reason that she would have both Human and Fey auras. 
“Not that I’m aware of. Me and my mum have lived in England my whole life. Why? And why do you live in the US?” she replied. 
“What about your father?” 
“My mum said he didn’t want a child so he left before I was born. Don’t think I didn’t notice that you didn’t answer my question.” 
She raised one eyebrow at me. 
“I live in the US because that was were I was born and where I feel most comfortable. The reason I ask about your father is because back at that coffee shop the thing that caught my attention was your aura. It was a mixture of both Human colors and Fey colors. I have never seen that before and can’t explain why it would be that way unless you had Fey blood in you. I believe that might be the reason I was able to heal you. And....there is something else. Something happened when I healed you.” 
She looked alarmed and started again checking the parts of her body she could see like she was looking for an extra limb or something. 
“What? What happened?” 
I made sure to make eye contact so that she would know that I was serious. 
“You are Fey now. You look Fey. Your aura is all Fey colors. I don’t know how I did it but I would be willing to bet a DNA test would show that you are one hundred percent Fey now.” 
She just sat there with her mouth open for a moment before saying, “You are kidding right. This is some twisted joke?” 
“I’m so sorry Sweet. I would never have changed you without your permission. If I would have had the time to ask you, I probably would have just taken you to a hospital. It was because you were going to die right there in that alley if I didn’t do something to stop it that I did what I did. But I am truly sorry. I hope that you can forgive me someday,” I said with sincerity. 

“I think I should go. You obviously have problems. I’m sorry I can’t stay and play Fey with you but I need to get home. I have to work tomorrow.” 
She started to get up from the bed. I tried to help her but she pushed my hand away. I wanted to console her however I could but I really didn’t know what to say. It’s not everyday you change someone’s genetic makeup. 
“Please. You can stay here and rest for the night,” I said. 
“No, thank you.” 
I could tell her mind was made up. She didn’t believe me and I can’t say I blamed her. Only, seeing was believing. 
So I turned to her and said, “Very well. If you are adamant about leaving I will call you a cab to take you home and since your pocketbook was stolen I will pay for it. It is the least I can do. Why don’t you go clean yourself up in the bathroom while I call the cab company.” 
“Alright. I appreciate that,” she said uncertainly.
She got off the bed without assistance from me and she started for the bathroom then turned back to look at me. 
“I really do thank you for saving me from those criminals. I might really have died if you hadn’t intervened.” 
“Don’t thank me, Sweet. I regret what happened to you,” I said. 
She started to say something else then closed her mouth, walked through the door and closed it behind her. 

I went into the living area and waited. Several minutes passed before I heard her open the door. Slowly she made her way to the living area. There were tears in her eyes but she hadn’t allowed any to fall. 
“You are right. I do look Fey.” 
One of her tears escaped and she wiped it before continuing. 
“When I saw myself in the mirror it was like my whole life had been spent in a one dimensional picture and suddenly I was in 3D. My body looks misshapen when it moves. Like the air around it is warping. Is that what you see too?” 
“Yes. It’s the magic that surrounds you that makes the distortion.” 
“I cut myself with a razor I found in there just to see what would happen. My blood is glittery and the wound healed within seconds. It freaked me out and when I looked in the mirror my eyes....they were glowing. Is...is that normal?” 
I didn’t expect her to go to that extreme. I figured just looking at herself in the mirror would be enough to convince her. Especially if it freaked her out enough for her eyes to glow. 
“Oh yes. All Fey’s eyes glow slightly when they are upset or extremely angry.” 

I thought of the Prince. His eyes glowed too but they also changed. The pupil elongated to look more like those of the giant serpent he was bound to. 
“What am I supposed to do now? Will you send me to the Fey Prince? I don’t know how to be a Fey. What will they expect of me?” 
She was starting to sound frantic so I tried to calm her. 
“Slow down, Sweet. Nobody is going to make you do anything you don’t want to. If you want to go to the Prince, I’m sure he would take you in and have you taught just like any other Fey would be. But if you don’t want to stay with the Fey, you don’t have to. I’m sure we can make other arrangements. I know it’s a lot to take in at once so why don’t you try taking a nice hot bath. The jacuzzi tub is to die for. And after you have had some time to come to terms with things a little better we will discuss all your options. Okay?”  

Then I realized I didn’t even know her name. 
“I’m sorry. I forgot to ask your name.” 
“My name is Chloe Graham. A bath does sound nice. I just don’t want to look at myself right now.” 
She was biting her lip and eyeing the door leading toward the bathroom. 
“I’ll cover the mirror. Then you won’t have to,” I said. 
“Thanks. Genivieve?” 
“Yes Chloe? And please call me Vieve. My friends do.” 
She managed a smile. 
“Vieve, could I stay with you? You could teach me all about the Fey couldn’t you? Show me how to use my magic and everything else that comes with it? I know it’s weird given that I was ready to leave a few minutes ago, but the more time I spend with you the more connected I feel. Does that make sense?” 
“None of this makes sense at all, Sweet. And I would love nothing more than to disappear for a few decades teaching you everything I know. But I can’t right now. See, I’ve got this friend who is in trouble and I have to help her first. The work I’m doing right now is extremely dangerous. I have people trying to kill me for reasons I don’t even know yet. But once I finish this, I promise I will teach you all that I know about the Fey. Alright?” 
She looked thoughtful. 
“What am I supposed to do until then. Should I just go back to my old life here in Glasgow?” 
“Not unless you want the Fey to find you. It wouldn’t take more than a single Fey to pass you on the street. He would recognize you immediately for what you are and take you to the Prince,” I said. 
“What if I refused to go with them?” 
“I believe they call it ‘forced protection’. Which basically means they don’t give a damn what you want. You are now one of only a couple hundred Fey women in the world and all of them are heavily protected at all times.” 
I didn’t want to scare her but I wanted her to know the truth about what would happen if the Fey find out about her.
“Then how are you able to just walk around?” 
“First, as far as I know only one Fey man knows I’m also Fey due to this glamour I wear. And second, my magic is second only to the Prince.” 
I didn’t bother to mention that he was the one that knew what I really was. 
“You mean the Prince is the only Fey that is stronger than you? Blimey, your magic must be pretty strong. I read that his Dragon gave him magic that almost doubles all other Fey,” she said. 
“I am. So if one of the Princes minions tried to drag me back to Bevalon Castle he would have a rude awakening.” She smiled at that. 
“So where would you suggest I go while I wait for you to conduct your business.” 
“I have some people in mind. Really the only ones I could trust to keep you safe while I can’t. Why don’t you go have that bath and I’ll make a call,” I said. 
“Alright.” 
She started to leave then turned back around and said, “You know. I might complain if you take me into the sewers or some underground bunker with a paranoid ex-GI to watch over me.” 
I couldn’t help but smile at how wrong she was. 
“I assure you there are no ex-GI’s involved.” 
“I noticed you didn’t mention the sewers.” 
And with that she left the room. I was laughing as I followed her into the bathroom and covered the mirror. She’d had enough freakouts for one night.


************


I had just pulled my cell out when it started ringing. Who would call me at four thirty in the morning? I checked caller ID. Oh no, it’s Sheryl. 
I didn’t even have a chance to say hello before she started screaming, “Vieve, it was horrible! Demon everywhere! I didn’t know what I was going to do.” 
“Whoa. Slow down. What Demon? Where?” 
She took a beep breath and said, “I was watching a movie in my bedroom when I heard breaking glass so I got up to check it out and there were Demon crawling in through the living room window. There was at least a full legion in my apartment and more coming in. They must have broken my wards. I had to pull out a spell from my emergency kit to vanquish them all. I just finished rebuilding the wards but I don’t have any more magic to fight them if they come back. Can you come here with me Vieve? I don’t know what else to do?” 
I wanted to go help my friend but I still had Chloe. I couldn’t just leave her and taking her with me into a possible Demon fight wasn’t an option. 
“All of the Demon are gone now?” 
“Yes. But what if they come back? Can’t you come stay with me for a little while?” 
These Demon must have really scared her because she wasn’t acting anything like herself. What happened to the kick-ass friend I used to have? She wouldn’t let a lack of magic stop her from killing some Demon. She’d just use her sword to behead them all. 
“I can’t come right now Sheryl. I’m in the middle of something. If you see anymore Demon before your magic returns call me and I’ll jump a portal immediately.” 
“Some friend you are. I tell you I’m being attacked by Demon, practically beg you to help me and you tell me your too busy fucking the Fey Prince to bother.” 
WTF? Did she really just accuse me of blowing her off for a booty call? 
“First of all, you’re not being attacked by Demon. You were attacked by Demon and there isn’t much I can do about that now. And second of all, I’m not fucking the Fey Prince thank you. I am on a mission to try to save your ungrateful ass.” 
She was silent for a few moments then she sniffled. Was she crying? Really? What the Hell was wrong with her? Was she really this upset about the Demon or was she just trying to get me to come and watch over her so that she could get a good nights sleep? 
She finally said, “I’m sorry Vieve. I am being ungrateful. I know you’re doing all that you can to help me. I just don’t like feeling helpless. You know?” 
“Yeah I know. Look, I’m flying home in just a little while and I’ll meet with The Boss in the morning. So hopefully I can get this situation taken care of.” 
“You got the knife?!” 
She seem extremely excited about me turning over a knife that would potentially kill me and the rest of the Fey nation. 
“I got a knife. The Prince didn’t have the real one at the event.”  
“Oh no. The Boss isn’t going to be very happy about that.”  
“Well maybe I’ll just shove it up his ass and see how he feels about it then.” 
She laughed. I needed to warn her though. 
“Sheryl. I need you to be prepared to run if we have to. I don’t know what The Boss will do about not getting the real knife and I don’t want him to take it out on you.” 
“I don’t think I can Vieve. I’ve never had to live ‘on the lamb’ before.” 
“You might not have a choice if you want to live.” 
“Well since you put it that way. I guess I can make sacrifices.” 
“Good girl. Now I’ve gotta go. Call me if you see any more Demon or anything else malevolent.” 
“Roger that. Sheryl out.” 
And with that we hung up and then I made another quick call.

Fourteen
Who doesn’t love Shiny things


Once Chloe had finished her bath I gave her some extra clothes that I kept tucked away in the vail. I felt it was best to warn her that we would be traveling via portal. 
“What? You want me to jump through time and space? I don’t even know where we are going,” she complained. 
“We are only going to jump through space, not time. We are going to southern France to my sister and brother-in-law’s home. I don’t want anyone else to know where we are going or why and if we take a plane my boss and who knows else will know where we are. I doubt they would be able to figure out the “why” but that they know you are there is more information than I want anyone to have. Do you understand? This is for your safety. I would hate for someone to try to use you against me.” 
She drew her eyebrows together. 
“Do you really think they would do that?” 
“It is possible. Also, Fey women are coveted by more than just Fey men,” I said. 
“What does that mean?” 
“It means you don’t want to know. Please just trust me. This is the only way.” 
She didn’t need to know all the dirty details of this world. She’s already been through enough without scaring her even more. 
“Alright. Will it hurt?” she asked. 
I thought back to my first trip through a portal. My pain was caused by the transformation that I went through upon arriving in this dimension. The same transformation that she has already went through. 
“No, Sweet. It won’t hurt.” 
I held out my hand. “Ready?” 
She nodded and grabbed it.  

I opened the portal to Chateau de Black in Bordeaux, France. There were at least a dozen Vampires on the roof when we arrived. Once I peeled Chloe’s arms from around my neck I looked her in the eyes. They were glowing like I knew they would be. I stood in front of her so that none of the guards saw. Glowing eyes are a dead giveaway and I didn’t want anyone, other than my sister and her hubby, knowing what she is. 
“Are you alright Sweet?” 
“Give me a moment,” she answered shakily. 
She found the short ledge that surrounded the interior wall of the roof, sat down and put her head between her knees. After a couple of minutes she looked at me and smiled. 
“This night is just full of firsts.” 
“One day you’ll be able to do that on your own.” 
You would have thought I told her she had won the lottery. “Really? How long? How far will I be able to go at once?” 
Well, she sure seemed to be taking to being a Fey pretty well now. 
“I’m not really sure. You are an anomaly but as soon as I have my business finished we will start getting you ready mentally and then see how it goes. If you feel well enough let’s go meet with the King and Queen.” 
Her eyes got big. 
“Whoa. Wait a minute. You mean the Vampire King and Queen?” 
“What other King and Queen would you expect? We are in Vampire country after all.” 
“You said we were meeting with your sister and brother-in-law though. Are you saying your brother-in-law is King Dorian Black?” 
The soldiers had kept their distance in an attempt to give us a moment when we first arrived. The head of the guard stepped forward now. 
“Princess, it is good to have you back with us. You are expected in the Great Hall.” 
“Thank you Pierre.” I turned to Chloe. “Are you ready?” 
She stood up and set her shoulders. “After you, Princess.” She sure is cheeky. I gave her a look that I’m sure mothers around the world use on disobedient children. 
“Don’t sass me girl.” She smiled as we headed inside. 

The Great Hall looked as it always did. Huge, opulent, and oppressive. There were heavy fabrics on the windows, large detailed chairs lining the walkway that was laid with a red carpet and life size oil paintings on the walls. The King and Queen were both sitting on their thrones as tradition mandated when receiving company. With their dark hair and eyes I could just imagine the beautiful painting that will be hanging in this hall of the two of them. Tradition stated that the painting would reside in the Kings personal chambers until his death at which time it will be moved to the walls of the Great Hall. 

As we started the thirty foot walk toward the other side of the room a small blur made it’s way toward us. I stopped and opened my arms for the incoming assault. 
“Aunt Gen, I’ve missed you. You haven’t been home in ages.” Dominic was a five year old Vampire offspring. Apparently, three weeks amounted to ages in child speak. 
“Oh, my little Brave. I’ve missed you too. And how is the cutest Prince in the world?” I asked. 
“I’m doing great! Did you see how fast I am? Father says I’m faster than he was at my age. That means I’m going to be strong when I get older.” 
He puffed out his chest to prove his point. 
“I’m sure you will be. I think you’re pretty strong now. You almost knocked me off my feet a moment ago.” 
His smile was as big as it could possibly get and I swear I heard angels singing. Dominic looked like one of Botticelli’s cherubs. Minus the wings. I released him and he turned his attention to Chloe. Ah, already a ladies man. We’re going to have trouble with that one. 

I approached the dais that the thrones were on and bowed as was dictated of me. 
Isabella came forward to hug me and said, “Sister, do you want to tell me what you have been doing playing around with the Prince of the Fey?” 
She raised her brows like she was just waiting to hear some juicy gossip. 
“Ah doona ken wha’ ye mean, lassie.” 
My atrocious Scottish accent had my brother and sister roaring with laughter. 
“Oh Genivieve. I have missed your sense of humor,” she said. 
“That’s me, a barrel full of monkeys,” I replied. 
The King just had to get his two cents in. 
“A barrel full of something that’s for certain,” he said. 
“And how have you been my domineering Brother?” 
“I’m doing much better now that my wife isn’t worried that her sister is going to be carried off by Fey.” 
“Sorry to worry you Sister. You know they would never hurt me,” I said. 
She looked at me knowingly. 
“I also know losing your freedom would hurt you.” 
I tried to ease her concerns. “Well, there is nothing to worry about now.” 
My sister just raised one brow so I continued. 
“This is Chloe. The girl I told you about. I’ll only be gone a couple of days. A week at most. Then I will be back for her.” 
I said that last for Chloe’s benefit. My sister would protect her for as long as I asked her to. 

Isabella looked at Chloe and inhaled a sharp breath. Dorian looked from Isabella to Chloe. 
As realization hit him he said, “Why didn’t you tell us she was Fey? Do you know what will happen if the Prince finds out we are hiding a female from him?” 
I looked at Chloe and realized her eyes were aglow again. Probably from the stress of being in front of the King and Queen of the Vampires. 
“That would be why I asked you to keep her presence here a secret. What Raynon doesn’t know won’t hurt him,” I replied. 
My sister looked at me. “Raynon is it?” 
She had a slight grin on her face. 
“I have known him for a few centuries. I think it’s understandable to be on a first name basis.” 
“I’m sure it is,” she replied. 
She was actually smiling now. Damn my knowing sister. 
“Anyway, let me check you out before I have to leave,” I said. 
Hint hint. Let’s drop this subject. 
“Very well. Clara would you escort Chloe to her room.” 
Dominic was in the process of telling Chloe about some of the creatures he had found at night in the woods surrounding the castle. A servant came forward to show Chloe the way. 
“One moment,” I said then went to Chloe and hugged her. 
I think we both needed it after the night we had and I didn’t know if I would see her again before I left. 
“Here is my cell number. If you need me just call and I will come as fast as I can. You will be fine. My sister and brother are good people.” She smiled at me. “Thanks Vieve. I’m sure I will be fine.” She turned to my sister and brother. 
“I thank you as well Your Majesties,” she said then preformed an awkward curtsy.
My sister nodded in reply. Chloe turned and walked out with Dominic following. She still seemed nervous but she was putting up a good front. 

I turned back to see that Dorian had a frown on his face. 
“She should be with her own people Genivieve. If the Prince finds out I have her I will have no choice but to turn her over to him. To do any other would be considered an act of war.” 
He was speaking to me as King not my brother-in-law and I understood the position I was putting him in.
“I understand Dorian. As I said, it should only be a few days. Isabella, you ready?” 
She nodded again and headed for the side door. I followed. We went up several flights of stairs until we reached their living quarters. Once inside she sat on the couch and I knelt before her. 
“He would be good for you you know,” she said. 
I sat back on my haunches. 
“And who would that be?” 
“Raynon.” She said the word like a preteen would when talking about the lead singer of the latest boy band. 
“You know I don’t want that kind of life. What would I do other than sit around being his brood-mare. No thanks. I mean I would love to be with him if it was just him. When I just thought he was a simple warrior in his King’s army I would have married him and been happy. But what would I do as Queen of the freakin’ Fey? I’d die. Do I look like Queen material to you? You know my history. Do you think the Fey would want that for their Queen?” 
I was ranting but I couldn’t help it. The whole situation was a complete fuck-up. One that centuries later was still just as messed up. 

Just the thought of being stuck in that castle makes me want to hurt someone. I’ve been held captive in a castle before by a male who claimed to love me. I barely escaped that time and if I wouldn’t have, the woman across from me would be dead and gone. For that one thing I don’t regret my time being tortured by Leland an Dorn, the Elve King. There are those very few people in your life that you couldn’t imagine being without and my sister was one of mine. She looked like she was trying for patience. 
“Personally, I think you would make a wonderful Queen. One that I’m sure every Fey would be proud to call Matriarch. I do know your past and it’s because of that knowledge that I tell you this. Don’t let it rule your life Genivieve. Don’t let him ruin you. He is nothing but a sadistic miscreant. You escaped him over two and a half centuries ago. When you first met Raynon Dubhshaine I wasn’t surprised to learn that you had run from him given what Leland had done. But it’s time to release this hold you have on your past and realize the future you could have. Do you really want to continue to work for Prima? Is that were you see yourself in the future? You fight against what you are. Try to be anything else. That’s why you never take your glamour off. Now you come in here with a Fey woman. I have to say, I don’t quite understand that one. I hoped you had decided to accept being Fey but I see that nothing has changed,” she said. 
“Do you really think it’s that simple to forget everything and just move on? Because I gotta say. It’s really not.” 
“You forget that I was a slave in that castle too. I almost died there. If it was not for you, my remains would be in some beggar’s hole in Ireland. I would have nothing. Not Dorian, not Dominic, not the child inside me and not you. It is because of my love for you that I beg you to try to be happy. I understand why you have worked for that organization for so long. It’s healing for you to help others who are in similar situations to what you were in. But you need a life outside of ‘killing the bad guys’.” 
“So, basically you’re telling me to get a life,” I teased. 
“Joke if you must. But please. It would make me feel better to know you have the Prince behind you. I know he would never let anything bad happen to you. Then I wouldn’t have to worry so much. Do you know what would happen to me if I lost you?” 
“Probably the same thing that would happen to me if I lost you. I will try Sister. Maybe Raynon would let me take it slow. Perhaps I could get put on some kind of work release program if I decided to stay with the Fey.” 
She smiled. “You won’t know until you ask. Although I would give him a day or two. I have heard he was pretty pissed after you tried to steal his knife. I believe he thought you would be taking another kind of blade of his instead.” 

I couldn’t help but laugh at that. 
“I almost did. But the fates were not with me last night. Instead, I ended up kicked out of his hotel, killed two would-be rapists and turned a girl Fey. Oh, and I refused Remy when he asked me to date him. To say it didn’t go the way I thought it would is an understatement,” I said. 
Her brows were practically in her hairline. 
“What do you mean ‘turned a girl Fey’? You don’t just turn a girl Fey Genivieve.” 
“Well apparently I do. At least one girl that is.” 
Then I told her the whole story about seeing Chloe in the coffee shop and her colorful aura, her attack in the alley and me killing her attackers and healing her only to watch her change into another species. Afterward Isabella was silent for a while. She was good at finding the conclusion in scenarios. 

I should tell her everything else that had been going on lately and see what she thought of it. But I know she would just worry even more and I don’t want that especially with her pregnant. No I’ll just keep my little puzzle to myself for now. 
Finally she said, “You think this rainbow aura is what allowed you to change her? How would she have both a Human and Fey aura? Do you know who her parents are?” 
“That’s what I thought. The different aura has to be the catalyst that allowed her to change species. I asked her about her parents and she has only ever known her mom who is completely mundane Human. But, get this, before she was born her mom used to live in Inverness. Which just happens to be where one of the Fey’s strongholds are,” I replied. 
“Then it is likely the father is Fey. Her being half Fey to begin with would have to be it. But I have never heard of a half-Fey half-Human being turned full Fey.” 
“I have heard of only one Human being turned Fey before. Me.” 
“Then perhaps you are the catalyst.” 
“Or maybe it’s both the fact that she’s half Fey and that I’m a freak. After all, I’ve tried to heal mundane Humans before and it didn’t work. Remember?” 
She looked grim for a moment. “How could I forget.” 
“We can try to figure this out when I get back. I’ve got to run soon so let me take a look at this beautiful child before I go,” I said.  

She leaned back on the couch and I put my hands on her protruding stomach. She was only about five months into her nine month pregnancy but you could definitely tell she was with child. Closing my eyes I reached through her with my magic. The first thing I saw was the cord leading to her womb. I followed along it to make sure everything looked as it should. When I reached the womb I did a thorough scan of it then went inside. There seemed to be the right amount of fluid and the cord that was leading to the babe looked fine. She was beautiful. Her aura was the typical darker warm colors of Vampire but they were so vivid. Her innocence made her aura shine. The babe herself was a sight to see with dark hair lightly covering her perfectly round head. Her cheeks were round like a babes should be and her little hands were curled into balls. I took the measurements that I needed in order to make sure her growth was on schedule then I just watched her for a few minutes. It’s moments like this that make life bearable. Before I left, I rubbed my magic up against her beautiful cheek and she tilted her face toward me. Slowly I pulled my magic back. When I finally opened my eyes I realized I had the biggest smile on my face. 
“Thank you Sister,” I said. 
“You know you are the only one I can trust to deliver my unborn child.” 
Unfortunately it was vulnerable times like delivery that Assassins found most opportune. The thought of someone hurting either of these females made me want to kill someone. I reined it in though. She didn’t need me making threats and as midwife I will be here when this babe is born. I dare someone to try something. Right now she needs to be reassured that everything is alright with the pregnancy. 
“The babe is progressing as should be. I checked everything and all looks good. I took measurements and the child’s growth seems to be on schedule.” 
I pulled out my notebook and started jotting down a few notes. 
“How much blood are you taking in?” I asked while continuing to write. 
“I’ve doubled my daily intake like you told me to do last time.” 
“Good. That probably explains the added weight.” 
When I looked up she had her lips pursed and one brow raised. Then I realized what I had said. 
“I was talking about the babe of course. You know you are just as beautiful as always.” 
Let’s not piss off the pregnant woman. 
“That statement couldn’t be truer,” my brother said as he entered the room. 
He always gave us space for the exam but would return to his Queen’s side as soon as it was done. He really was a good guy. And a Hell of a lot different than when I first met him. Dominic trailed him. 
As soon as he saw I wasn’t busy he jumped back in my arms and asked, “Can we play hide and seek now?” 
“I’m afraid not, my little Brave. I have to go back to work. I will do my very best to be back soon and make sure that I have time for a game or two with my favorite nephew,” I said. 
“I’m your only nephew.” 
“And yet you are still my favorite.” 
He smiled that huge smile of his that lit up his whole face then said to me conspiratorially.  
“You’re my favorite aunt too.” 
I was his only aunt. “And for that I feel blessed young Prince.” 
I bowed and he giggled as he was bent backward. I lowered him to the ground and knelt in front of him. 
“Will you keep my friend company while she is here? She has been through a lot and I think she could really use a friend like you,” I asked. 
“Sure. I could do that for you. Do you think she likes hide and seek?” 
“Are you kidding? Everyone likes hide and seek,” I said. 
He nodded like he was in complete agreement. 
“Why don’t you go find her and give her a tour of the castle. That way she doesn’t get lost,” I suggested. 
“Okay.” He started to leave. 
“Hey wait. Are you forgetting something?” 
He ran back and gave me the biggest hug his little arms could give. 
“I love you, my little Brave,” I told him. 
“I love you too Aunt Gen.” Then he was off. 

“You know she’ll never get rid of him now,” my sister said. 
She was chuckling at that. 
I just smiled and said, “He’ll have her wrapped around his finger just like everyone else.” 
“Great. We can barely control him as it is,” she replied. 
“All I can say to that is ‘better you than me’. On that note, I’ve gotta run.” 
I went to my sister and gave her a huge hug. Then bent down to her belly and said. 
“Goodbye Shiny. Aunt Gen loves you.” 
I raised up to see my brother looking at me questioningly. 
“Shiny?” he asked. 
I nodded. “Shiny. If anything happens let me know immediately,” I said. 
Dorian nodded back. “We will. Be careful.” 
“Always,” I replied. 
I started to leave when my sister said, “Genivieve. Please think about what I said.” 
I turned back to her. “I will. I promise.” 
Then I opened a portal back home and stepped through.  

Fifteen
And we’re off to see the Wizard


When I arrived at my home back in Mobile, I took a moment just to breathe. I really need a vacation. With everything going on I haven’t even had time to relax when I was asleep let alone during the day. I immediately changed into some old sweats that I like to wear and went out back to the dojo I had built there. There is a corner of the room that is a cleaning station for my weapons. The weapon you carry is only as good as you keep it so I spent the next hour cleaning, oiling and sharpening the weapons that I had been using over the last couple of days since I hadn’t hadn’t been able to do more than wipe them off at the time. I was missing a dagger so I concentrated on my scimitars and Brimstone. Once I finished taking care of my blades I started my workout. I assume there is some scientific explanation like endorphins running through your blood stream after intensive exercising or something like that. 

Whatever the reason, I always feel better after I’ve had time to run through some Iaido katas. I started warming up using the punching bag. Once I felt sweat start to roll down my back I pulled out my scimitars and started going through the moves that my body now knew instinctively. It probably sounds weird to be using scimitars, which are of arabic origin, to fight using a form of Japanese martial arts.  I use the scimitars because they are the perfect weapon for me. These particular blades were made with my specific height and body style in consideration. They were given to me almost a hundred and fifty years ago by a Djinn I saved from a Dark Wizard who had used black magic to imprison him inside a bottle. He had spent close to a millennia doing the Wizard’s bidding until I filled the bottle with a white magic spell and broke the spell binding the Djinn. Out of thanks, the Djinn had made these scimitars for me. Few know of the Djinn’s expert sword-making abilities since they seldom make them for anyone other than themselves. I have been training with these swords since I first received them so they now feel like an extension of my arms. And being ambidextrous allows me to use both swords equally either in sequence with the other or on it’s own. I find the repetitiveness of the blades swinging in a controlled pattern soothing. Kind of like yoga with swords. I would prefer to have a partner but there aren’t very many people I know that are as strong as me and I would hate to hurt someone while sparring. Maybe I’ll ask Sheryl to spar with me after this is all over.

After a couple of hours practicing I decide to call it quits. The Boss isn’t a patience man on the best of days. Add in the fact that the knife I have is fake and you have a formula for disaster.  

I showered then dressed in a pair of comfy jeans, a black t-shirt and my favorite pair of black cowboy boots. Some women prefer shitkickers when going into a fight but these boots were hand made for me with steel and silver alloy tips and steel reinforced soles. If I kicked someone, they were definitely going to feel it. Plus, who doesn’t like cowboy boots and black goes with everything. Then I made me a quick turkey sandwich and headed for New Orleans. I wish I had the time to drive my baby but she would have to sit in the garage until I had a break long enough to take her for a spin.

Prima Headquarters looked just like it always did when I arrived. This time I didn’t stop to look at the architecture I instead made my way to the top floor. The Boss never used security people. He was too much of a control freak for that. His wards told him everything that he needed to know and as a Gray Wizard he had spells that would protect him against just about any enemy he had. 

The Receptionist was once again at the helm. As I walked around her desk she looked at me like she was going to say something. I just raised a brow in the universal way of saying “You wanna try me?” She looked back at her computer as I walked past. Smart robot. 

The Boss was sitting at his desk as usual. I walked in and tossed the knife on it. He picked it up and pursed his lips as he inspected the fake. 
Then he asked, “And what is this?” 
“What does it look like? It’s the knife you sent me after,” I replied. 
“No. It is not,” he said in a tone that implied I was an idiot. I took a seat. Might as well be comfortable as he chews me a new one. 
“You said it was a simple acquisition. The knife would be on display at the Endangered Races fundraiser and I was to acquire it. I did just that. This is the knife that was on display,” I said matter-of-factly. 
He was giving me the hairy eyeball again. “Be that as it may, it is not the knife that I sent you after. This was not a weapon made by Hephaestus nor does it appear to be that magical at all.” 
“Well, that sounds like your problem, not mine. I did what I was supposed to and now you will uphold your side of the bargain,” I demanded. 
He laughed. “Oh Geni, you are humorous. The deal was that you would bring me the knife made for the Sintians and in return I would release Sheryl from her employment here. You did not uphold your side of the bargain. However, I can understand that you are not to be blamed for the real knife not being at the fundraiser. I will, of course, offer you an alternate mission to earn your friend’s freedom.” 
What? Another mission? Maybe I should have went with my initial plan and just stabbed him. Too late now. 
“If it involves the Fey you can count me out,” I said. 
I’ve pissed Rayn off enough for one decade. He looked at me and smiled. 
“It has absolutely nothing to do with the Fey. I wish, instead, for you to eliminate the Demonlord named Christilon the Cold.” 
WTF?! 
“Wait. I had heard that you were in a partnership with Christilon. Why would you want me to take out your business partner?” 
He looked like he was about to tell me it was none of my business. Then his expression changed to a more solemn one. 
“I regret my dealings with that Demonlord. I should never have agreed to do business with him in the first place. He is now trying to blackmail me into turning you over to him. As I said before, I do not wish to lose you as a business associate.” 
Liar liar pants on fire. 
“That’s bullshit. I can tell when you are lying to me. You need to learn how to evade better. I know someone who could teach you those fine skills, if you’d like.” 
He smiled at me, leaned back in his chair and steepled his fingers in typical big boss fashion. 
“Very well, you are right. He is not blackmailing me. He did however pay me a considerable amount of money to turn you over to him,” he said. 
That at least was the truth but why would Christilon be paying The Boss to get me? What could he possibly want me so badly for? More questions without answers and I don’t think the Boss is going to be very forthcoming with them. 
“And why would Christilon want me?” I figured I’d give it a shot. 
“Apparently, he rather enjoyed your time together and wishes a reunion of sorts,” he replied with a lascivious smile on his face. 
Yep. I definitely should have went with my first plan and just killed him. That’s what I get for trying to be a good person. 

The reason for Christilon wanting me doesn’t make since. He wasn’t lying but I don’t believe he is telling the whole truth for a second. If Christilon knows who I am and wanted me so bad, why didn’t he try to get me before. I’ve technically been working for him for the last ten years. Why now? I changed my name as soon as I escaped the Elve King so perhaps he has just now learned who I really am? I’m starting to sound like a broken robot stuck in question mode. Error. Does not compute. Maybe I should ask The Receptionist for some help with that. Nah. 

“Okay. I’ll take this mission and you will free Sheryl from your employ as soon as it’s finished. Capiche? And where might I find this Demonlord?” I asked. 
What choice did I really have? 
“He is currently residing in Elve country. Here is his last known address.” 
He passed me another manila envelope across his desk. I pulled out the info. 

Great. Ireland. The second country that I’ve been avoiding. At least in this country if I happen to run into the monarch I’ll simply kill him. It’s been a long time coming. 
“I’ll get it done. How long do I have to complete the mission?” I asked. 
“As long as it takes to get the job done. But I would prefer within the next few days. Wouldn’t want anything to happen to Sheryl in the meantime,” he replied with a smile. 
“Sure. No prob. A few days should be plenty of time as long as I can find him. If anything does happen to her in the meantime, you will regret it.” 
I made sure to look him in the eyes as I spoke to press that point. 
“Of Course,” he said while still smiling. 
With that I left. No need for any pleasantries. The Boss is definitely not my favorite person right now. As I made my way to the elevator I couldn’t help thinking about what he had claimed. Something about it just didn’t sit right. Christilon is paying him in order to capture me for his sick pleasures and The Boss wants me to kill him instead. Something about that is wrong I’m just not sure what. Probably the fact that this just stank of setup. 

As I left the building I thought I caught the feeling of magic.  I turned around but saw no one. Huh. If I didn’t know better I would have swore Rayn was behind me. But what would he be doing at Prima HQ. He never even leaves his castle without at least a dozen men behind him. Whatever. I don’t have time to investigate phantom feelings. I hailed a cab and headed to Sheryl’s. First she needed to know what is going on and second, I’m going to need her knowledge of Ireland to help me find Christilon.


************


Raynon watched her as she left the building. She looked like she was lost in thought and he couldn’t help getting close enough to catch her smell. When she turned and scanned the front of the building he knew she had felt him. It is good to know that she can feel his magic so easily. But he’ll have to keep that in mind next time. For now, he had a meeting with Richard Donnelly. Wouldn’t want to be late. He made his way inside, took the stairs so he didn’t end up in an elevator with a bunch of people who couldn’t see him and when he reached the top floor, let his shield drop. Donnelly will be able to sense him anyway and he wanted the Wizard to know who had come for him. He’s used this Prince’s mate for the last time. 

The receptionist behind the desk saw him as soon as the shield dropped and it looked as though she might faint. He started around her station. 
“Y-you can’t go back there without an appointment,” she stuttered. 
He just looked at her and pulled his claymore from his side. She hid behind her desk. Smart lass. Around the wall behind the receptionist’s station was a short corridor with a large door at the end that had to be Donnelly’s. It was at least twice the size of a normal door and a ward had been chiseled into the frame in ornate scrollwork. He made his way to the door and kicked it open. Then immediately moved to the side so the energy strike that came through didn’t hit him. This wouldn’t be easy. Good, he hadn’t been in a brawl worth mentioning in years. He pulled his shield back around him and entered the room. 

Donnelly released three more energy strikes in succession. All of which hit the shield and dissipated. But the barrier wouldn’t hold forever. Looking about the room he couldn’t see Donnelly anywhere. The Wizard must be shielding too. Raynon pulled one of the throwing knives from the sheath crossing his chest and used his magic to make sure it hit it’s target. They are already spelled to throw straight and quick but with his magic he made them more like a heat seeking missiles. The grunt from across the room said Donnelly’s shield wasn’t strong enough to block the spell. So, Raynon threw two more and was rewarded with similar results. 
“Alright Prince Dubhshaine. You have made your point. I shouldn’t have went after the knife. It was simply business though. I don’t personally have anything against the Fey. I was just fulfilling an order, so to speak,” Donnelly said. 
“And who placed the order for the chib?” Raynon asked. 
“I’m sorry that information is classified. I wouldn’t be a very good businessman if I went around telling all of my client’s secrets.” 
Raynon smiled at that. 
“Well since ye wonna be telling me. Ah guess Ah’ll just go ahead and kill ye.” He threw another knife. 
“Whoa. No need to get hasty I’m sure we can come to some sort of business arrangement.” 
He sounded pretty calm for a man with four blades in him. 
“Ye see there is the problem. The chib is not the real reason Ah’m here,” Raynon said. 
“It’s not? Then why else would you be trying to kill me?” No more pussy footing around. 

He had watched his daggers as they had flown toward Donnelly so he opened a portal to within a foot of where the Wizard was standing. When Raynon stepped out he grabbed Donnelly by the throat and broke his shield. Only two of the knives had hit their mark. The other two were buried in a throw pillow he was holding in front of him. Now that was funny. This was supposed to be a powerful Gray Wizard and here he was hiding behind a throw pillow. Raynon’s hold on his throat was strong enough to keep him from moving anywhere but not completely cutting off his air supply. 
The Prince got real close to his ear and said, “Ah’m here ‘cause yer fucking with ma mate and nobody fucks with a dragon warrior’s mate and lives.” 
He could tell the moment Donnelly realized who he was talking about cause his eyes went wide. 
“I didn’t realize. I just thought she was half-Fey. Why would you let your mate risk her life like she does?” 
Well that was the exact wrong thing to say. He squeezed his throat contracting his air ways and Donnelly held onto his arm like it was a life preserver. Then all of a sudden Raynon was thrown backward and hit the wall on the other side of the room hard enough to see stars. It took Donnelly a few moments to catch his breath now that his airway wasn’t constricted. 
When he could breathe properly he said, “You really think I’m just going to let you walk in here and kill me? Me? A two hundred year old Grey Wizard? If you thought it would be that easy, you are a fool. Don’t you think others have tried to kill me? I run a company that specializes in espionage. Of course others have tried and you will meet the same fate they did. I would have thought you, one of the greatest warriors of all time, would know better than that. Perhaps the stories about the great Fey warriors are all a bunch of bollocks.” 
Raynon just laid there while the Wizard ranted. He thought he’d play the same game Donnelly has been playing for a wee bit. It is always better to let your opponent underestimate you after all. He, on the other hand, hadn’t underestimated the Wizard at all. He was merely awaiting him to make his first move. Raynon started to get up slowly while groaning. 
Donnelly huffed then said, “Do you really expect me to believe I have bested the Prince of the Fey with a single blow?” 
He had made the mistake of moving closer to see if the Prince was faking. Raynon jumped up from the floor and hit him in the jaw with a right hook. That should shut him up for a bit. Then he followed up with a left jab. Raynon sank his right knee into his solar plexus and Donnelly couldn’t help but to bend over slightly to protect his midsection. So Raynon broke his nose with a round house kick then grabbed him by the hair and lifted his head back up. The whole thing took about ten seconds total. 
“Nae. Ah dinnae expect ye tae think ye could take me out with a single blow. Ah was hoping ye’d try tae kick me while Ah was down. If Ah’d of known ye were gonna talk so much Ah would of just kicked yer ass and been done with it.” 
The bastard spit blood and then had the audacity to laugh. 
“I’m sorry. It’s just funny that while you’re here beating me up your mate is off walking into a trap. All this will have been for nothing because you will never see her again.” 
Then he laughed some more. 
“Well tha’ is why yer gonna tell me aboot this trap she’s walkin’ into,” Raynon replied. 
“It will be a cold day in Hell before I bend to your will Fey.” 
With that he shot another energy strike into the Prince. It hurt like a bastard and it was the one thing he needed. It brought Serval to this dimension. He usually stayed in his own unless he was drawn to this one. Pain was one of the things that brought him. And with him came a rush of magic. He smiled at Donnelly. He was sure his eyes had changed to those of his Dragon. They are the gateway to the soul after all. The Wizard’s eyes grew wide and he tried to pull away. So he could open a portal to run no doubt. It was too late though. He couldn’t run anywhere that they couldn’t find him. The dragon was pissed. The Prince was pissed. This man was hurting their mate. He reached inside the well of magic that now resided inside him and used it to form a ball of energy in his left palm. Then he reached for more. Three times he put magic into the ball of energy until it caught a spark and became a ball of flames. Then he pushed that fireball into Richard Donnelly’s chest. Raynon released him and watched him burn. Burn. Then he pulled his claymore and beheaded the Gray Wizard. He hadn’t even had time to throw his death curse. 

As the office started to catch Raynon opened a portal to the front of the building. If Genivieve had opened a portal, there should still be residual magic that he could follow. But there wasn’t any magic. She hadn’t opened a portal. How could he possibly find her now? There was no way of knowing even where she was going let alone where she was now. He heard sirens in the background heading to put out Richard Donnelly. Too late for that. 

There would be no repercussions for the Fey as they have their own legal system and a well-known law among his kind and the rest of the species is that anyone who harms or brings harm to a Fey woman is to be put to death. Richard Donnelly has been tried and sentenced. He opened a portal back home. There was no way for him to help Genivieve without knowing where she was. That would require spells and spells need preparation. He just hoped he wasn’t going to be too late.  

Sixteen


Sheryl’s apartment was one of the many apartment buildings that lined Bourbon Street. I remember spending last Mardi Gras on her balcony with Dave and a few of his friends. She was away on an assignment but was gracious enough to loan her home to us for the night. I remember watching Dave and his boy-toy of the night flash their boobs at the parading floats. The fact that they were not female made no difference to them. We all had a huge amount of beads by the end of the night and huge hangovers the next morning.  

I took the stairs to the second floor and knocked on the door. She opened it and looked mildly irritated for a moment before it was covered up with a huge grin. 
“Vieve. I didn’t know you were going to be stopping by. How did it go with The Boss? Come on in.” 
As I entered the room she gave me a brief hug and I couldn’t help feeling like something was off. I don’t think she was happy to see me at all. I wish I knew what was going on with her lately. We had been friends for a long time and she had never acted this distant toward me. You would think she would feel closer not further away given the fact that I have been busting my rump to try to help her. Hell, I pissed off the Prince of the Fey for her. Doesn’t she realize how much that meant? 
“The Boss was pissed as I knew he would be. But he decided to graciously give me an alternate assignment. No doubt this one is going to be just as fucked up as the last one. Luckily, it doesn’t involve the Fey. That’s something at least. Unfortunately, I have to go to Elve country instead to kill a Demonlord,” I said. 
“I never did understand your problem with Ireland,” she replied with an eye roll. 
“It’s not the country that I have a problem with it’s the ruler of the country.” 
“My King? Why would you have a problem with him?” 
I walked over to her couch and practically collapsed into it. 
“It was a long time ago and I really don’t want to talk about it. Just know that I have never liked your monarch. And I would prefer to avoid him if possible.” 
I’m not sure how Sheryl would react to me telling her that I would kill him in a second if given the chance. As far as I knew she hadn’t lived in Ireland in a long time. But apparently she still had loyalty to her King. 
“Alright. That’s your choice I suppose, if you don’t want to tell me that’s up to you. So where in Ireland is this Demonlord supposed to be living?” she asked. 
“Cork.” 
I showed her the address The Boss had given me. 
“Och. That might be a problem. Cork is Ireland’s main port. The majority of our imports come through there since Africa is our main supplier. There also happens to be a lot of shady areas due to all the dock workers living there. Some of them aren’t what you would call law abiding citizens. I’ve never heard of that particular street which probably means it’s on the wrong side of town. I do however know someone who lives in Cork and works at the docks. I’ll see about setting up a meeting with him.” 
I wonder why the Elves are doing the majority of their business with Demon country? 

I knew there was some animosity between the Fey and Elves which would explain why they don’t do much business with Scotland but England is the closest country to them and I haven’t heard anything about the Sorcerers or Werewolves having a problem with the Elves. 
“Wait a minute. You’re not coming with me. Knowing The Boss this is probably a setup of some kind.” 
She put her hands on her hips. 
“You seem to forget that I am perfectly capable of taking care of myself. I have been an Instrament for the Prima for longer than you have and I will not damned well sit here on my ass while you go to my homeland to kill someone and save me. I let you run the show when it came to dealing with the Fey but this is my turf you will be on and you are going to need my help.” 
She was right, especially if we ran into an Elve that recognized me. 

The last I heard there was a reward for my return but the King believed that I was Human so he probably thinks I died already. But, since magic-wielding Humans can prolong there death for centuries it’s likely the reward still stands. 
I took a deep breath and released it then said, “Fine. We’ll go together but if the shit hits the fan, you get out of Dodge. Got me?” Agreeing to let her go also allows me to keep an eye on her so that I don’t have to worry about the Boss hurting her while I’m away. 
“Yes ma’am. I’ll go call my friend and see what he says about that address,” she said with a grin and salute. 
I rolled my eyes at her and said, “Sounds good.” 
She went to her room to make the call and I just wandered around her living room for a moment. 

The view of Bourbon Street below showed an equal mixture of business people and tourist. You could instantly spot the tourist by their comfortable footwear and cameras and although most of the business people I could see didn’t wear suits, they were always in a hurry. After all lunch break is only a half hour, or an hour if you’re lucky. I was finished with people watching and had just turned away when I noticed that the window wasn’t broken. Huh. I checked the room to be sure and yes, this is the only window in Sheryl’s living room. She must have had someone fix it already. That was fast. I’ll have to get the name of her repairman. I put that to the back of my brain. I had enough to think about right now. Watching people on the street had momentarily distracted me but thinking of going back to Ireland had my mind returning to the past and the King I barely escaped. 

Seventeen
Hey Soul Sister


I had spent almost a century in that Troll’s keep before he paid the ultimate price. Once he was gone, I quickly freed the other slaves, divided up what little money he had and left. The mansion was located on the outskirts of London so I stayed in England for a while since travel wasn’t as easy in those days as it is now. The fact that I didn’t even know I had magic let alone be able to open portals to jump from place to place made travel slow. But eventually, I caught a small ship to Ireland. 

I knew nothing about the Elves but figured it was as good a place as any. I managed to buy a small eatery and opened up business in the village that is now Limerick. Soon after the eatery had opened I saw my first Fey ever (other than myself). She was beautiful with cornflower blue eyes and wheat colored hair and skin that looked like porcelain. I remember she had sat down and ordered tea and a scone. When I brought it to her she had thanked me distractedly. She looked like she was lost in thought while she sat there by herself and enjoyed her small meal. After she was finished she had thanked me again and turned to leave. But then she had turned back and looked at me oddly. Like she was trying to see something that she just couldn’t quite make out. 
I figured she was trying to see behind the glamour that I wore so I said, “You will not be able to see through it. I was told the King himself would not be able to penetrate it.” 
Which King, I still didn’t know. She just smiled. 
“We will see about that. I will just have to return and try again.” 
With that she had left. She returned almost everyday after that and we had become fast friends. 

She told me her name was Elizabeth MacGregor, she was a Fey and that her family and the royal family were close friends. She told me how she had met the King of the elves on a trip she had made with the Fey King and Queen to meet with the Elve King several years earlier. She had been taken with him and had decided to stay. The King had made her his consort and they had went through a ritual that would allow her to carry his child since Fey women could normally only be impregnated by their mate. She had given birth to a daughter, Shealyse, a year later. But it was after she had been made consort that his true colors had started to show. First, it was little things. He would get extremely upset over the littlest of things or accuse her of things she didn’t do. After Shealyse’s birth, things had escalated to the point of him regularly striking her. More than once she had missed a day of visiting only to return the next day with bruising. I truly didn’t know how to help her other than to get her away from him. But when I suggested her leave, she wouldn’t hear of it. She was afraid he would keep her child and she couldn’t bare the thought of leaving the babe behind. One day while she was visiting, several guards entered and after them was the King himself. I could see why Elizabeth had been so attracted to him when they first met. He had hair so light it was almost white with dark brown eyes. He was probably six feet tall with a lean build. In all, he was a very attractive man but there was something that turned my insides the moment I looked at him. Like there was some kind of blackened rot inside of him that made me feel like I might be sick. He had looked from Elizabeth to me sitting at the table and I could tell he was disappointed that she wasn’t doing something he would disapprove of so that he would have a reason to punish her. I had immediately stood from the table and performed a deep curtsy as his station dictated I should. After all I was nothing but a lowly commoner. 
“You may rise.” 
I stood back up to face him. 
“My King, may I offer you and your men a bite to eat? I have some scones fresh from the oven and will put on another pot of tea if you would like.” 
He was just staring at me so I did nothing but stand there. He moved closer and put his hand to the side of my neck while he used his thumb to stroke my jawline, looking me in the eyes the entire time. 
“You are quite a beauty aren’t you. I came to see who my consort was spending all her time with instead of being at home with her child.” 
Elizabeth stood up and said, “My Lord I do not...” 
“Silence! Your insolence disgusts me. Guards. Take my consort back to the castle and make sure she stays there.” 
Then he turned back to me. 
“I apologize, my Treasure. My consort needs to remember to whom she speaks. Now, I believe I will take you up on your offer of sustenance.” 
“Yes, my King. I will start a new pot of tea for you and your men. If you would like to have a seat while I ready it,” I relied. 
“My men are not in need of tea, Treasure. Only I will be enjoying your meal today.” 
“Yes my lord.” 
With that I curtsied again and went into the back to ready the tea and scones. 

When I returned he had seated himself at the same table Elizabeth and I had been sitting at and all of his men had left the room. I served him tea and sat a scone in front of him. He looked up at me and motioned toward the seat across from him. 
“Would you not like to sit with me?” 
“Oh Sire, I wouldn’t overstep myself in that way.” And you scare me horribly. 
“Yet you have no qualms with seating yourself with my consort.” 
He never used her name when he spoke about Elizabeth. He didn’t think of her as a person but as a possession. She was his to do whatever he wanted with. I had no way to get out of sitting with him so I sat in the same seat I had vacated earlier. 
“You don’t talk very much. Perhaps it is just me. What do you and my consort usually talk about?” he asked and then took a sip of his tea. 
I wanted very much to say that we talk about what an arsehole he was but knew better. Not only would he punish me for my insolence but also punish Elizabeth. 
“We mostly speak of recent events Sire. I suppose it is the same thing most women talk about when seated together.” 
“Oh? And what is an event that you have talked about today?” 
I tried to find something that he would find boring and didn’t have any political attachments. 
“The merchants had a fire start at the dock this morning. I had heard a whole display of raw fish was burned. Elizabeth had joked that the merchant should sell them as smoked fish now. I said that if he did he would probably make twice as much on them.” 
He was frowning. Probably hoping for something he could take offense to. 
“Well, that sounds dreadfully boring. Let us talk about something else. Where do you come from Treasure? I am sure it is not from here. I have not a doubt that I would have noticed you before now if you had lived here long,” he said. 

I didn’t want him knowing about the situation I had been in before so I told him the truth without giving him all of the information. 
“I am from outside of London.” 
“Is that where your family is?” 
“No Sire, I have no family.” 
Which was the truth. Everyone I had known before coming to this dimension was long dead by now. 
“Interesting. And what brought you to Ireland?” he asked. 
“A ferry was bringing supplies from England and I decided to board it. I had wanted a change of scenery and had no one to hold me there. Ireland seemed as good of a place as any,” I replied. 
“So you have no one here either? It is very strange for a woman to travel alone to a country where she knows no one. It is also very dangerous. Well, it is a good thing that I have found you now. Perhaps it is fate that brought us together. I would invite you to come live with me at the castle and I will allow you to be my mistress. Do not worry, I will not allow you to be used like the others in my harem.” 
I couldn’t stop the gasp. He was going to just invite me to move in and be his lover? And he already had a harem of women? 
“Sire, I couldn’t. I appreciate your concern for my well being, truly I do. But Elizabeth is my friend. I know how much she cares for you and I could never try to replace her. I’m sorry, but I will have to decline the invitation” I said. 
“You decline?” 
He acted as though he could not understand why I wouldn’t jump at the chance he was giving me. 

When he spoke again he was pissed. 
“My consort does not dictate who I have in my bed. I will have whomever I want. And that includes you, Wench.” 
Wench? What the Hell happened to him calling me his Treasure? Can you say schizophrenic? Unfortunately, multiple personality disorder hadn’t been labeled at that time or I’m sure he would have been heavily medicated. I continued the meek persona. After all, you don’t tempt the crazed lion. 
“I apologize, Sire. I meant no offense. I just do not want to come between you and your consort. I do not deserve to live in the castle as I am not of noble birth. Please forgive me.” 
I lowered my head and looked at the floor in an attempt to appear more lowly. And once again his personality changed. He actually rose from his seat and hugged me. 
Then he held me at arms length and said, “You are more worthy than that Fey trash living there. I can see it. There is something inside of you. Something I simply must have. But I will be patient and give you some time to realize that you belong to me. I will be back and when I do, I will not take no for an answer. If you decide to change your mind, you know where I will be.” 
With that he left. I didn’t know what to think. He saw something in me that he had to have? Was he seeing through the glamour and just didn’t realize it? But he didn’t seem to particularly care for the Fey so why would he want me? If I was smart I would have packed up and took the next boat out of that country. But my friend’s well being had me staying. I was going to talk Elizabeth into leaving with me if it was the last thing I did.  

Later that day I spoke with a merchant I knew wasn’t against breaking the rules for the right amount of coin. He agreed to allow me and my friend to stow away on his ship that sailed in two days time. I didn’t tell him my friend was the consort. What he didn’t know wouldn’t hurt him. When Elizabeth returned the next day she was sporting a black eye and her arm was in a sling. I explained to her my plan for escape and she told me she wouldn’t leave Shealyse. So I told her to bring the babe. We would have to pay extra but at least she would be free of the King. She agreed to come with me and we made plans to meet at the docks the next evening. That was the last time that I saw her. 

The next evening while I was waiting for Elizabeth to meet me, I heard the dock workers talking about how the consort 
had committed suicide by throwing herself from the King’s tower the night before. Committed suicide? No! Why would she commit suicide knowing that we were supposed to escape today? She wouldn’t. There is no way I would believe she killed herself. She wanted to live for Shealyse if for nothing else. Did the King find out about our plans to escape and kill my friend? That has to be it. What was I going to do now?

Again, if I was smart I would have taken that ship out of the country but in my state of mourning I decided to return to my home. That was a mistake. The King’s guards were there when I returned. They brought me to the castle and deposited me before their King. He was sitting on his throne looking very pleased with himself. 
“I’m not sure if you have heard yet but my beautiful consort has killed herself. I am, of course, in mourning. But I have obtained a new slave to help me through this troubling time.” 
What? What slave?? The guards pushed me to the floor face first. I turned my head to the side and saw a servant with a brand stoking the fire before a guard returned my face to the floor and pulled my hair up. The pain of the brand touching the back of my neck reminded me of my time with Christilon. He liked to burn too. I had not been hurt like that since Gorgan had died. I couldn’t help the scream that had left me and when my lungs could release no more air I heard the King’s laugh. 
“I gave you the opportunity to come to me willingly but you ‘declined’. Now the choice has been taken from you.” 
The servant put some salve on my wound and the guards released me. 
“I’m sure I don’t have to tell you the punishment for a runaway slave. It would be especially unpleasant for you since you bare the mark of the royal house,” the King said. 
I slowly started to rise from the floor. 

I had made it to my hands and knees when he knelt down in front of me and put his hands on my cheeks. He pulled me to my knees and gently wiped away my tears. 
“Oh, my Treasure. Why did you make me do this to you? Do you not realize how infatuated I am with you? Not a moment has went by since I first laid eyes on you that I have not thought about you. Do not worry. I will not keep you as a slave. I cannot remarry this soon after my consort’s death but once enough time has passed I will wed you and you will be my Queen. Together we will rule this nation. Until then, my mark will protect and you as long as you do not try to escape.” 
I can’t explain exactly how I felt at that moment other than pain. Pain for my lost friend. Pain from the brand. Pain for the freedom lost after I had regained it for only about fifty years. Such a short amount of time compared to the almost two centuries I had lived in this cursed dimension. The King turned to a young woman who had been standing in the corner. 
“Slave. Take my Treasure to the bathing chamber. Make sure she is cleaned and dressed and in my rooms within the hour.” 
Then he rose and walked away. I spent my nights in his room and he treated me the same there. One minute he was tender and almost loving telling me how much he cared about me and the next he was striking me as hard as he could or strangling me while he performed his sick pleasures. At least during this confinement no one else touched me. I was reserved for only him.  

It was shortly after I came to the castle that the Fey-Elven war started. I wasn’t sure but I thought Elizabeth’s death had something to do with it. While the King was busy with his generals planning attacks and defensive maneuvers I was able to wander the castle. And it was upon one of these wanderings that I found Dru the Sorcerer. I had happened to turn a corner only to see long robes entering a room I had never seen open before. 

The door had quickly closed so I knocked. When there was no answer, I cracked it, entered and was almost bludgeoned to death by the Sorcerer hiding behind the door. He pulled back at the last moment and just looked at me and then he dropped the brass vase he was holding and started to laugh. He pulled me to my feet while continuing to laugh. 
When his laughter finally stopped he said, “It is about time. I have been waiting for you for a very long while.” “Uh...I think you have me confused with someone else,” I replied. 
“No little Fey. I have not. Now you will open a portal and we will escape this place. Once I am ample distance from the Mad King, the spell he has put on me should break and I will regain my powers.” 
Alright. I can only deal with one crazy person at a time and the King had taken that spot. 
“Very well. And what exactly is a portal?” I asked. 
He looked at me as though I had gone mad. No, that would be you. 
“You don’t know how to create a portal? What have the King and Queen been doing in Scotland? I thought the first thing they taught you Fey was how to make portals or at least they used to.” 
He looked slightly confused. 
“I’ve never been to Scotland so I wouldn’t know what the King and Queen are teaching Scottish people these days,” I said. 
Now he looked completely confused. “What? You’ve never been to Scotland? But...how could you not be from there. All Fey are from there. Aren’t they?” 

He took a moment to collect his thoughts. Then waved toward a couple of chairs seated around the fireplace and said, “Maybe you should sit a spell and tell me your story.” 
It was so nice just to have someone to talk to that wasn’t completely certifiable that I sat there and told him the entire story of my life up until that moment. After I was finished we sat in silence for a few minutes while he absorbed it all. 
“So you don’t know how to use your magic at all?” 
“I don’t think I have magic,” I replied. 
“Oh you definitely have magic. All Fey have magic and yours is particularly strong. I wouldn’t be surprised if you could take the King on. Once you have had proper training that is.” 
He clapped his hands together then continued, “Then it is settled I will start training you in secret and once you are able we will escape this horrid place.” 
I was Fey? Well, that explains why Gorgan had a glamour put on me. I knew that I was changed ever since coming to this world, but how did I turn from an ordinary Human into a Fey? Perhaps it was because I am from another dimension? I don’t know the reason but it was nice to finally know the truth. 
“Uh. Alright. If you are sure.” 
I didn’t really think I would be able to use magic to get us out. But at this point I was willing to try anything. 
“Of course I am sure. I had a vision many years ago that a Fey would rescue me. A vision of you my lady. You are the one to end this miserable existence,” he said. 
“Well then when should we begin?” 
“No time like the present.”  

And so Dru started to teach me how to control and use my magic. It would take quite a while since I had never used magic before and there was a lot to teach. Dru said most Fey get training as soon as they come into their magic (usually when they reach puberty) and train for decades before they are able to really control it. We didn’t have that long.

The servant who had bathed me that first night had been assigned to me as my lady in waiting. She was one of the women from the harem. And from what I learned from her I was so glad the King had told his men I was off limits. 
“The guard was looking for you. I told him you had taken a walk in the gardens,” she said. 
“Thank you, Isabella.” 
I was sitting in front of the vanity in my room and she was brushing my hair. 
“I do not ask what you do during the days. I just hope it will not get you into trouble with the King.” 
“It will remain our secret. So how have you been?”  
She shrugged. “Brennan came for me again last night.” 
I gasped. “Did he hurt you?” 
She shrugged again like it was no big deal. At least she didn’t have any visible bruises this time. 
“I had asked the King to have him stop hurting you. Oh Isabella, I am so sorry.” 
A lot of good it had done. He said his men needed to be able to release their pent up energy in order to function properly as guards and that is why he keeps the harem to begin with. 
“It is not your fault. Do not worry about me. You have enough to worry over,” she said. 
“If you do not worry about your friends then you will soon find yourself without any.” 
She gave me a hug. 
“You must get ready now for the King will be meeting you for dinner tonight.” 
I nodded and she went about getting me ready for the evening.  

I continued spending a couple of hours on the days I could get away to train and spending as much time I could with Isabella. If it wasn’t for her and Dru I would have died in that castle. I had just finished learning the basics of portals when I returned to my rooms to find another servant girl there. 
“Where is Isabella?” I asked. 
She shrugged. “I will be getting you ready for this evening’s dinner.” 
That worried me. There was no reason for Isabella not being there. 
“Do you know where Isabella is? Is she alright?” 
“I believe she is recovering from a night spent with a guard,” the servant said. 
“It was Bennan, wasn’t it.” 
He was the guard that visited with her the most often and he liked to hurt. 
“I would not know my lady. Now if you will accompany me to the bath.” 
I allowed her to dress me, the whole time worrying over my friend. It wasn’t until the next morning that I was able to see her and I knew immediately she wouldn’t make it if she stayed here. She had been beaten to the point that there wasn’t a single section of skin that I could see that was unblemished. She was only Human. I was going to watch my friend die by the hands of a man who was as sadistic as the King was.  

“Now, Dru. We leave tonight.” 
“Please be reasonable, little Fey. You said the girl can’t even walk yet. Are you going to carry her? Because there is no way I can carry her in my weakened state.” 
I had run to his rooms as soon as I left the infirmary. 
“If he gets ahold of her again she will die. I can’t wait Dru,” I said. 
“She will be kept in the infirmary until she is well enough to go back to the harem. If she heals like a Human that will give us at least a week or two. Let us practice your shielding until then. If we can’t hide properly none of us will be going anywhere.” 
I really didn’t want to wait but he had a good point. 
“Very well. I will wait one more week but no more. If I have to carry her, then I will.” 
So we practiced and practiced and when I thought I would pass out from exhaustion, I thought of my friend lying there beaten and then I practiced some more.  

At the end of the week Isabella returned as my lady in waiting. That meant she was back in the harem. She still looked like death warmed over and was walking with a limp. 
“Why are you back so soon? You should still be resting in bed,” I said as I helped her to a chair. 
She looked away and I new whatever the reason was it couldn’t be good. 
“Brennan requested I be returned to him tonight.” 
Oh no. She won’t survive it. 
“We will leave this evening. We will start a new life together as sisters. I won’t allow him to hurt you anymore,” I adamantly said. 
She smiled a sad smile. “We cannot escape. There are guards everywhere. We wouldn’t make it to the gate before we are brought back and the punishment will be severe.” 
I pulled my shield up around me. As I disappeared from her view she gasped. Then I let the shield drop. “We will make it, Sister. If you are with me?” I held out my hand. 
She was reaching out to take it when the door opened and Brennan walked in. He was a huge man, at least six and a half feet tall with arms as big around as my waist. 
“You aren’t finished yet? Do I have to hurry you up? I do not like to wait whore,” he said as he reached for Isabella who had stood up as soon as the door had opened. 
I stood between them. 
“You will leave my rooms at once or I will advise the King of your evening visit.” 
He acted as though he was going to back down then he pushed me to the floor and pulled out a knife. 
“Out of my way slave. If you tell my King anything I will cut out your tongue.” 
He reached for Isabella again. I stood up and I couldn’t stop the anger that burned through me at the way he was jerking my friend toward the door. I pulled Isabella from his grasp and tried to stop him again. Only this time, when I touched him, what looked like lightning shot from my hand into his chest and he fell to the ground. When he didn’t move again I used my foot to roll him over. His eyes were staring straight ahead and he wasn’t breathing. That was the first person I had ever killed and I couldn’t say that I regretted it. I turned to Isabella who was just staring at Brennan laying on the floor. 
“I think now would be the time to leave Sister.” 
She looked up at me for a moment before nodding. 

We ran to Dru’s room to tell him we were leaving and he could either join us or stay. He gathered his grimoire and met us at the door. I made a shield for the three of us like he had taught me and, holding both of their hands, we slowly started to make our way out of the castle. Everything was going good until we reached the gates. They were closed so we had to wait until a delivery was made. I hoped no one would locate Brennan’s body before we were able to make our escape as they would lock down the entire castle and there would be nowhere we could go. Luckily, we didn’t have to wait long before a delivery cart pulled up. Once the gates opened we made our way through. Unfortunately, there was a ward on them which broke any magic that passed. We were immediately exposed and there was no choice but to run. I knew Isabella wouldn’t last long. She could barely walk let alone run. It didn’t really matter anyway. Surrounding this side of the castle was a huge gorge and the only way across was a draw bridge. The same bridge that was half way up by the time we reached it. There was nowhere to go but down. Dru grabbed me by the shoulders. 
“You have to open a portal to the other side. Remember what I taught you. Envision where you want to go, pull the energy from inside and force it to take you there then just step through.” 
I didn’t really want to be on the other side of that gorge though because I knew the Elves behind us would be able to open portals and follow us. I really wanted to be anywhere but Ireland. But where could we go? I had really only lived one place in this world other than here. So that is where I envisioned. I felt the magic swell inside me and just as the Elven guard surrounded us I opened a portal and we stepped through. When we walked out into the room that I had first entered when I came to this dimension, Dru turned to me with wide eyes. 
“Would you mind telling me how you managed to open a portal to my mansion in London? How did you even know where this place was?” 
As I explained to him about my time here he went about strengthening the wards that had been in place to prevent the Elves from following us. Now that he was far enough away from the Elve King he was able to break the spell he had been under.  

We didn’t stay there long though. I wouldn’t risk the King finding me and Isabella. Dru went to a wall, said a spell and a section opened revealing a small alcove. He pulled out a small pouch of coins and a leather sheath. He handed me the pouch. 
“Thank you, little Fey. I am forever in your debt. If the day comes that you are in need of my assistance I will return the favor you have granted me.” 
He nodded toward Isabella and said, “I believe that you should take your friend to France. Ask for a Vampire named Dorian. He might be willing to help you save her for a price.” 
I held up the pouch of money he had given me. 
“Do you think this will be enough?” 
He smiled a sad smile. “The price you will have to pay is not monetary. But I have no doubt you will be able to complete the task.” 
He then handed me the sheath with a stone knife inside it and told me the story of how Brimstone was created. 
“Remember how I told you that some powerfully magical creatures could open a portal around them and keep it open so that they could pull out a weapon whenever it is needed?” 
I nodded and he continued. “You are strong enough to accomplish this with some practice. I want to you to master this ability then keep this knife there. That way it will always be with you if you need it.” 
He gave me a brief hug and said, “I wish you all the luck, little Fey.” 
With that he opened his own portal and disappeared. I have never seen Dru since. I’m not sure if he is even still alive. I know Sorcerers are essentially immortal at least in the sense that they are hard to kill and if they aren’t killed they will live forever. I’m sure he’s still out there somewhere. He considered himself in my debt but I think it is I who owe him. If it wasn’t for his teachings I might still be blundering about without a clue. Or more likely I would be dead by the Elve King’s hand.

Eighteen


When Sheryl got off the phone I was curled up on the couch. I really didn’t want to return to Ireland. 
“He said he knew where the address was and that he would show us. We’re setup to meet him tonight at eight,” she said. 
That meant we would be taking a portal since it was already almost noon and Ireland is six hours ahead of us. Sheryl was walking toward her kitchen. 
“Since we have a couple hours to spare, how about some margaritas?” 
I really didn’t want anything to do with alcohol right now. My stomach was already tied in knots but I figured I could watch her make them. If a drink would calm her nerves then so be it. So I sat on a bar stool as she made us both a drink. She sat mine in front of me and I didn’t touch it. 
“Oh come on Vieve. At least try it. It’ll relax you,” she urged. 
“No thanks, Sheryl. I’m really not in the mood. You can drink mine after you finish yours.” 
“You really are no fun.” 
Then she grabbed my drink and tossed it in the sink. Okay. Somebody was feeling touchy today.

A couple of hours later we opened portals to Cork, Ireland. We walked through onto an old landing strip at the airport. As I’ve said before you have to be careful where you open portals to. An unused landing strip seemed like the best place to arrive since neither one of us were that familiar with this particular area. We were supposed to meet our guide at the docks so we called a taxi to take us there. When we arrived at loading dock number fourteen I didn’t immediately see anyone. 
“I thought your man was supposed to meet us here?” I asked. 
Sheryl looked irritated. “He is. Lets go in the warehouse and see if he’s in there.” 
It was pretty chilly with the wind blowing off the bay so it would make since that he would be waiting inside. 

We made our way around the side of the building and entered through the door. I immediately knew something was wrong. All the lights were off and with the moonlight that was coming in through the upper windows I couldn’t see anything but outlines of large crates along the outer edges of the open space with the center clear. But I could feel malevolence. I sent out my magic feelers and was picking up multiple Demon auras. A lot of Demon auras. Fuck. This was a setup. Before I could turn to warn Sheryl the lights came on and out from behind the crates came Demon. There had to be at least a hundred or more. We were so screwed. I had used a lot of my magic reserve on the portal to Ireland so unless they would just stand around and let me suck their energy out I wouldn’t have enough to take them all. I hope Sheryl has some kind of emergency spell that will help us. I turned to check on her only to find she wasn’t there. Did the Demon take her or did she make a run for it? I didn’t have time to contemplate the situation. Christilon stepped out of the horde. I recognized his blond hair immediately as most of the other Demon are dark haired. 
“Genivieve. That is what you are being called these days isn’t it?” 
He didn’t wait for me to reply before continuing, “I have so missed our time together. My only regret is that I didn’t get the opportunity to kill you while I fucked you. Oh well. At least I will be able to kill you now.” 
Always the optimist. That’s Demon spunk for ya. 
“Why do you want me dead so badly?” I couldn’t help but ask. 
“Oh, for me it’s nothing personal. I just like to kill people. But it seems you have an enemy in the daughter of the Elve King. You really shouldn’t have killed her momma and tried to take her place,” he said. 
“What? What are you talking about? I didn’t kill Elizabeth the King did.” 
I can’t believe that after all this time Shealyse was blaming me for her mother’s death. 
“That’s not what she heard. And she was very insistent that you pay for your crimes,” he replied. 

With that he and his horde attacked. It wasn’t like in the movies when they come at you one at a time. No, they literally all started swinging at once. I had only one option and that was to form a barrier. A few of them hit it and were knocked back but the rest started using whatever weapon they were carrying to try to pierce the shield. It was an eclectic array of swords, pick axes, knives, hooks, and Hell, one guy even had an honest to the Gods scythe and I’m pretty sure he had never harvested wheat in his life. I pulled my scimitars from the vail. At this rate I wouldn’t be able to hold the shield for long but since they were all pushed against it I had the opportunity to pull some of their energy into me. I kept pulling, using part of the energy to reinforce the shield and refilling my reserves with the rest. The few Demon in the front started to fall as I pulled all of their energy out of them but, in true Demon fashion, others took their place. And I pulled their energy too. 

The Demon magic burned inside of me and filled me to the point I thought I would explode from the pressure of it. And then, when I could take no more, I did explode. I released the shield just before the energy rushed from me and took out anything immediately surrounding me. I managed to hold back enough so that I didn’t pass out. There had to be at least fifty Demon down. But that still left the odds at at least fifty to one. Luckily, none of them were in a hurry to jump forward after seeing their brethren die. Christilon was the one I was focused on though. He was their Demonlord.  If he fell, there was a chance that they would return to their dimension to fight over who would replace him. Brimstone would not only trap him in the Hell dimension but it would limit his powers. There would be no way he could remain a Demonlord without power. That’s what Hell’s infrastructure ran on. 

I swung my swords to loosen my wrists then I attacked. As a Demon he wouldn’t go on the offensive unless he knew he would win. I brought my right blade forward in a basic attack formation. As he parried I used the opportunity to slice under his arm with my left sword. Have I mentioned it is extremely hard to block two swords at once when you only have one? 

He took a step closer to his horde and they spread apart to give us room. I guess they’re smarter than they look. I made an offensive move again with my left this time bringing the scimitar in an overhead swing. He had to raise his arm high this time to block but he also pulled back so that I couldn’t reach his ribs again. Instead, I followed through with a kick to his knee. See, I told you the cowboy boots would come in handy. I heard a crunch and he grunted. As he stepped back he grabbed a knife out of one of his minions hip sheath. He was limping pretty badly but he still out weights me by at least seventy five pounds. I figure I’ll hit whatever weak areas I can so my next attack was a lunge with my left which he parried again with his right. The momentum of the attack and his parry forced me toward his right side and he tried to stab me with the knife. I pulled back and as I came around behind him, hit him with my fist in his lower back. Spine and kneecaps, the two most vulnerable places on any Demon. He stumbled forward from the blow but his knee couldn’t hold so he fell forward to his hands and knees. I would have kicked him while he was down if one of his Demon wouldn’t have picked that opportunity to try to stab me in the eye. I slit his throat and turned to find Christilon back on his feet. 
“You’re going to pay for that bitch.” 
“Yeah, that’s what they all say,” I replied with an eye roll. 
He finally went on the offensive with an overhead swing. I dodged and brought my knee up into his solar plexus. Demon don’t have hearts or need to breathe but it still hurts to be kneed in the stomach. Another of his horde decided to attack, this time slicing my left forearm. 

The cut was so deep I couldn’t keep hold of my scimitar so I put it back into the vail. No since dropping it for some Demon to get. 
Christilon smiled. “You seem to be missing a blade. Let’s see how well you do with just one.” 
He attacked swinging his sword parallel with the ground from right to left. I blocked with my right and he stabbed me in the arm with the knife. Fuck that hurt. I needed to finish this fast. You can’t sword fight for very long with bleeding arms. I swung a backward slash coming in from the left and, instead of blocking, he used the opportunity to run his sword into my stomach to the hilt. My sword removed his right arm but with some magic and a little time he could create a new one. I had stepped to the right a moment before he stuck so his sword went into my left side. He smiled for a fraction of a second then the smile slid off his face and he looked down at his chest. As he was stabbing me with his sword I had used my left hand to stab him in the heart with Brimstone. Slight of hand works for more than just magicians. 
“Stay In Hell Bastard.” 
I said the Hellion ritual and like that, I was standing by myself in front of a horde of Demon with a sword sticking out of my stomach. I was about to use the last of my reserve to open a portal out of there when I felt Sheryl walk up behind me. I was in the process of turning around to hug her. I was so relieved that she was alright. Then I felt the knife sink into my back. My turning had caused her to miss my heart and instead the knife went in slightly to the right. I completed the turn and I’m sure my expression said “WTF???”.  
“Why you ask? You killed my mother and tried to take her place in my father’s bed. My whole life I have heard nothing but of how wonderful you were and how much my father missed you. You know, he actually blamed me for your leaving. As soon as I could, I searched for you and as luck would have it, you started to work for the very same organization that I did. So I started planning my revenge. I have been waiting to kill you for an extremely long time but the timing had to be just right. Wouldn’t want word to get back to dear daddy that I tried to kill his only love,” she said. 
That bitch! I can’t believe she has been playing me the entire time. I looked around me to see that all of the Demon were watching her like they were awaiting her command. I needed to get out of here quick. 
“Don’t bother to run love. There is nowhere that me and my horde cannot find you,” she said then smiled at me and started to pull her sword from her hip sheath. 
I used the last of what magic I had and opened a portal to the one place I knew I would find the protection I needed.

Nineteen


I walked out of the portal onto the grounds before the steps leading toward the main castle entryway. Man, that looked like a lot of steps and here I am holding a sword that’s currently skewering me through my stomach and a knife in the middle of my back. I wonder what they both looked like coming out of my backside. Does this sword make my butt look big? Yeah. I’ve definitely lost too much blood. Luckily I didn’t have to figure out how I was going to get up those steps because the two guards that were on duty by the door were now descending them. I’m sure they’ll give a sister a lift, right? 
“Ye there. Drop yer weapon,” one of them said. 
What? What weapon? I had already dropped my scimitar on the ground at my feet. They started to pull their swords from their hip sheaths. 
“Drop yer weapon now or we will cut ye down.” 
I looked down at myself in an attempt to find out what weapon they were talking about. I realized that I was still holding on to the sword that was in my stomach then I saw blood fall from my mouth and hit the grass at my feet. I released the sword as I felt my glamour drop. There was no more energy to support it. I lifted my head back up and looked at the guards heading my way. I turned my hands palm out to show that I had nothing else. It took me three attempts to get the word out. “S-S-Sanctuary.” 
I don’t know if it was the word itself or the fact that they could now tell that I was Fey or perhaps it was that they could now see that the sword I had wasn’t in a sheath at my side but in my side. I’m sure the blood dripping from my mouth helped hammer this point home. Whatever the reason, they were in front of me in a millisecond and one had put his sword away so that he could pick me up. The other looked like he was scanning for attack. Oh yeah. There was a Demon horde after me. 
“Demon.” 
I had barely managed a whisper and I had a horrible rasp. Perhaps Sheryl’s knife had hit a lung. Or should I start referring to her as Shealyse? 
“Ah’ll sound the alarm, Douglas,” the Fey that wasn’t holding me said. 
I needed Rayn. I didn’t know these warriors from Adam. And I didn’t trust anyone I didn’t know. Hell, maybe I should consider not trusting the people I did know. But one thing I was sure of was that Raynon Dubhshaine would kill anyone before he allowed me to be hurt. So I sent out a mental call. 
“RAYN!” 


************


To say that he was frustrated was the understatement of the year. He had tried a tracking spell using the knife he had taken from her thigh and hadn’t been able to locate her. It wasn’t that the knife wasn’t close enough to her to be used. It was that there was some kind of block that wouldn’t allow him to locate her. He had called in one of the council members as they are the strongest magic users next to him. And even with their energy added in they couldn’t get her. He wished he could bring Richard Donnelly back from the dead just so he could kill him all over again. 
“We found several homes belonging tae her in Mobile, New Orleans, France and Spain. We already searched the homes in Mobile and New Orleans as those would be the ones she’d have likely went tae after leaving Prima. Unfortunately, there was no sign of her and no information aboot where she might be heading. Ma men are checking the other residences now Sire,” Nic said. 
Fuck. He was really hoping Nic would have had some good news. 
“Ah did not really think she’d be there. Ah assume she is on some mission Donnelly sent her on.” 
“Ah have stationed men tae stay behind at each home in the event she shows up.” 
She won’t show up until after she has finished her mission. But there was nothing Nic could do about that. 
“Alright,” Raynon said. 
What else could he do? He wanted to hit something. He was going to go.... “RAYN!” 
He jumped up from behind his desk. 
“She’s here.” 
“What? Who Sire? The Human? Ah’ll have security detain her.” 
The alarms started. He opened a portal to the entry way and stepped through. 

There she was in another warriors arms and there was a sword sticking out of her stomach. He had to pull his Dragon back. Serval wanted to kill the Fey that held her. How dare he touch his mate. 
Hurt Mate. Serval sent him a picture of flesh tearing and bones rendering and a wall of flames. 
“She will be alright now,” Rayn thought back. 
It wasn’t Douglas who did this to her. Raynon managed to take her from the Fey without hurting him. 
She looked at him as he lifted her into his arms and said, “Thank the Gods.” 
Then she passed out. 
“She’s gotta knife in her back tae, Sire,” Douglas said. 
He couldn’t stop the growl that left him. He would rip the bastard who did this to shreds. Nic entered the room and looked at her. He watched as recognition crossed his friend’s face. Nic turned to Douglas expecting a report. 
“She said ‘Demon’ so we sounded the alarm. A portal opened a moment later but nothing came through,” Douglas said. 
“Well that shows how smart they are. No one hurts one of our women.” 
Nic looked at him as he said it. He knew what she was to his liege now. 
“Ah’ll send for Amalie, Sire.” 
Raynon nodded then opened a portal to his living quarters and laid her on his bed. The sword looked like it had done the most damage. But if he removed it she would bleed to death. He had a couple healing spells in his emergency kit but nothing that would heal this kind of damage. 
“If you pull it out and allow me to borrow some of your energy I will heal it myself,” she thought to him.
He looked at her face to see that she was watching him survey the damage. 
“Are ye sure ye can dae it? Ah have a healer coming.” 
“I’m sure.” 
He nodded. Bracing his knee against her hip bone so he could pull the blade out in one swift motion he pulled as quickly as he could. As it came out he expected her to scream but she just gritted her teeth and whimpered a wee bit. As soon as the blade was removed he grabbed her hand. He could feel her pulling energy from him but it was more than that. It felt like a cycle. Just as he was feeding his energy into her, a small amount of her energy was coming back to him. The energies intertwined and continued the cycle as one. He let her take all that she needed. But she stopped when the wound was just scabbed over. 
“Finish it,” he said. 
She barely shook her head. 
“I won’t take anymore it’ll hurt you.” 
“Ah’ll be alright. Ye just fix yerself.” 
She shook her head again. Damned stubborn woman. He was about to argue with her when there was a knock at the door. 
“Come in,” he said. 
Amalie and Sean walked in with Nic behind them. Nic stayed by the door while the couple approached the bed. 
“Might Ah heal her, ma lord?” 
Amalie looked down at Genivieve and gasped when she saw the damage. She was always the timid rose and had never seen a woman so mistreated. 
“Of course, ma lady,” he said. 
She sat on the edge of the bed and Sean stayed standing at her side. 
“She already healed the sword wound most of the way. Ah will remove the knife if ye are ready tae heal her, Amalie,” Raynon said. 
He rolled Genivieve, who had passed out again, onto her stomach and ripped her shirt down the back. Amalie looked at the knife protruding from Gienivieve’s back and took a deep breath to calm herself. 
“Ah am ready, Sire,” she said. 
He placed his right hand on Genivieve’s back above the knife so she didn’t move and pulled the knife out with his left. Whoever placed that one there was on borrowed time. Amalie immediately put her hands to Genivieve’s back and started healing. Once that wound was healed she moved to the sword wound and finished healing it. By the time she was through she was starting to sway. 
“Sean, take yer woman tae yer guest rooms. Lady Amalie, Ah cannot thank ye enough for the sacrifice ye’ve made today.” Raynon said. 
She nodded. “Ye are welcome, Sire.” 
Then she began to rise with the help of her mate. 
“Nicholei help them tae their room please.” 
“Yes Sire,” Nic replied. 
When they had left the room he took out his emergency kit and started to heal the cut on her left arm and small stab wound on her right arm. Then he cleaned the blood off of her. When he rolled her over to clean her front he saw that she had a small tattoo on her left breast that read Mon Ange Noir in an elegant script. He sat back and looked at his mate as the past took hold of him. 

He had been on his way back from meeting with the head of the Sorcerers in London where he had signed the peace treaty with the Elves when his entourage was attacked by an Elven scouting party. He had fought with his men until it was clear they would not win the fight. In an attempt to fool their attackers, he and one other warrior had opened portals to the nearby river. Both of them were already injured and didn’t have the energy to portal any further. They planned to follow the river back to the closest village then recuperate before opening a portal for Scotland. They hadn’t went far when a few of the Elves opened portals in front of them. They had battled and his friend had fallen. Raynon had managed to kill his attackers but was stabbed in the shoulder. Between this new injury and the wound on his leg he already had he wasn’t able to maintain consciousness. He fell into the river and assumed that would be his end. 

When he had opened his eyes to find he was in a small cabin and there was a beautiful woman tending to his wounds he almost thought he had went to heaven. Then he tried to move and realized there was no way he would hurt so badly if he was dead. Genivieve told him she had managed to fish him out of the river, drag him back to her cabin and heal him enough that he wouldn’t die. She was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen and he wanted her immediately which scared him. He had grown up with women throwing themselves at him. Most found his station more appealing than himself. He didn’t want her to want him because of what he was. He wanted her to want him because of the person he was. So when he introduced himself, he had told her he was a warrior in his King’s army. She obviously knew nothing about the Fey because she completely believed him. 

Over the next few weeks she took care of him until he was able take care of himself. He had stayed with her after he was healed simply because he couldn’t imagine leaving her. He told her about the Fey warriors’ extensive fighting skills and she asked him to teach her how to fight. He agreed to teach her and they began sparring everyday. It was during one of these sessions that he realized she was not Human as he had first assumed. She moved too fast and was able to heal almost instantly. Due to the glamour she wore he wasn’t able to see what she actually was but he knew he needed her. As they were sparring that day he managed to maneuver them until she was against a tree and he was pressed against her and he kissed her. That was the end of his life as he had known it. Right then he knew she was the one he had been waiting his life for. 

The kiss continued into the cabin where he laid her down and made love to her. As they moved together their magic intertwined and he finally saw her for what she truly was. She was Fey and she was the mate he had waited so long for. They didn’t leave that cabin again for three days. And, that was only for more firewood and water from the river or to make love under the stars. One night while they were together she turned to him, stroked his hair and said, “You look like an angel in this moonlight with your illuminated eyes and dark hair. Mon Ange noir.” He had responded by asking her to marry him and she had said yes. Then he had proceeded to tell her that he was really the Prince of the Fey and they would return to his homeland to be wed. She would be Queen as he was crowned King and together they would rule the Fey. Only, instead of being happy that she was to marry a Prince she looked close to panic. It was the next morning that she burned the cabin and left him.

So much had happened since then and yet he still wanted her like he had never wanted anyone else. She is just to bleedin’ beautiful he thought. How could anyone want to hurt her? She looked like she had been in a battle of some sort and someone had stabbed her in the back. Whoever it was would pay. Even if he had to travel to the Hell dimension to do it, they would pay.  


************


I vaguely remember the Fey man and woman entering the room. She was beautiful as all Fey women are. Though she seemed fragile in a way I would never know. I must have passed out after that because the next time I opened my eyes Rayn was sitting beside me stroking my hair and the Fey couple were gone. It felt as though I could breath again so she must have removed the knife from my lung and healed the wound. I would make sure to thank her for saving my life later. Right now all I wanted to do was sleep for about a million years. Maybe if I’m lucky all of my enemies will be dead by the time I wake back up. Rayn continued to stroke my hair and it was like a hypnotist swinging a pocket watch in front of my eyes. I was getting sleeeepyyyy. I had just about lost the battle to keep my eyes open when I heard a light knock on the door. Raynon told them to enter and in walks Sheryl as I lose my battle with the darkness. 


               To be continued....


Read on for an excerpt from Iron Made book 2 of the Forged by Magic Series.

One


I knew I was dreaming. I was just too comfortable and secure not to be. I was laying on an extremely soft bed covered by an even softer cover and there was a warm arm wrapped around me. Yes, I had to be dreaming. Then the hand that was attached to said arm started to slowly rub circles on my stomach and I could feel the arms owner softly breathing next to my ear. He continued to rub circles while slowly moving his hand toward my breast. Then he was rubbing those circles around my nipple and my breath hitched. He moved his face into my neck and started kissing it softly at first, then more insistently as his hand released my breast and started moving down my stomach. He kissed up my neck to my earlobe then sucked it into his mouth. 
“Raynon,” I said. 
“Ah love the way ye say ma name Petal,” he said then returned to kissing my lobe. 
Well, if he liked it so much I would say it again. 
“Raynon?” 
“Hmm.” 
“Get off of me.” 
He paused with his hand on my lower stomach and his lips just below my ear for a moment. 
Then he rolled over away from me and said, “As ye wish ma lady.” 
I could be mistaken but it sounded like he was smiling when he said it. It’s a damned good thing that I had been stabbed twice last night and felt like I could pull a Rip Van Winkle. Nothing kills the mood like internal damage. And getting stabbed makes me cranky. Now that I didn’t have him waking me up I can get back to my dream.


************


I awoke still feeling extremely comfortable. I was alone  in an enormous bed and sitting up told me that I was in an enormous bedroom. Perhaps I got picked up by a Giant. Nah. I couldn’t be so lucky. The room was completely masculine with blue walls, dark colored furniture and rich but comfortable furnishings. I slowly got out of the bed and realized I was wearing a man’s white button-up shirt and nothing else. A door to the right showed a master bath that matched the bedroom in both size as well as color. A look in the mirror showed that I looked near death. Oh wait, I was. Last night. Was that last night? I’m not sure how long I have been asleep actually. But judging by the bags under my eyes it wasn’t long enough. 

I took a quick shower then pulled some underclothes, a pair of jeans, black t-shirt and my second pair of cowboy boots out of the vail and got dressed. Brushing my hair and teeth I saw that my color was starting to come back a little. Now all I need is a meal and I’ll be good as new. Then I noticed a small tattoo of a dragon on the inside of my wrist. I can’t say I wasn’t really expecting it. But it sucks just the same. It was a geis. I’m sure it was set up to prevent me from leaving the castle just as I’m sure Raynon is the one that put it there. He is the only Fey strong enough to place a geis on me that I wouldn’t be able to break. I’ll just have to convince him to remove it. Yeah, that’s going to happen. It doesn’t hurt to try though.

I went back into the bedroom and exited through the door across the room from this one. It lead into a sitting room with leather seating settled around a huge fireplace. There was no one in this room either so I opened a door to the left and it led to a hallway. There was a servant dusting a statue of a bust on a table to the side of the corridor and as I left the room she jumped. 
“I’m sorry to have startled you,” I said. 
She was holding her hand to her heart. She was a Human probably in her mid forties with a plump figure and brown hair. She smiled at me. 
“‘Twas not yer fault ma lady. Ah just was not expecting ye tae be awake yet. Ah had heard that ye were gravely injured last night. The Prince said that ye would be out for the rest of the day and no one was tae enter the room.” 
So I had only slept one night. “And where might I find the Prince currently?” I asked. 
“Oh, he is down in the dining hall with his consort and the rest of the men,” she replied. 
Did I hear her correctly? 
“I’m sorry. Did you say ‘consort’?” 
“Aye ma’am. She always has her dinner with the men.” 
“And how long has the Prince had a consort exactly?” 
“Och. It’s got tae have been at least fifty years or better. Ah doona know the time exact. Ma mum used tae work here before Ah started and they had married sometime during her employ,” she said. 
I was going to kill him. He was making out with me just a couple of days ago (not to mention last night). And to think that I had felt bad for hurting him when I tried to steel the knife and that two timing bastard was married the whole F-ing time. 
“Could you tell me where I can find this dining hall the men are in?” I have a Prince to exact revenge on.


Darkened
An Avery Tywella Story

S. L. Gavyn


It was life as usual for half-Demon Avery Tywella when she chases a Demon convicted of murder into a local club. As an agent of the Human’s Rights task force it is her duty to execute any Other proven to harm or cause harm to Humans. But her actions in Halo attract the attention of Jared Damascus, the lead singer of local rock band sensation, Darkened. And, a night of clubbing with her friend leaves her with unwanted attentions from, not only, a Fallen Angel but a psychotic murderer.  

Now, with a Fallen bodyguard at her side she has to find and eliminate her perp before he kills again. The only problem is convincing her Fallen admirer to let her do her job instead of protecting her. Because she is going to need the help of him and his band of vigilante crimefighters to take out this crazy Angel so she can get back to her life before she does something she regrets with a certain hot rock star.

One


“Gallion. From the info I have, he’s one of Rallizon’s horde,” I said.
“Do you have a description or anything, Angel?” Craven asked. 
“Yeah,” I pulled out the picture I carried in my back pocket and looked at it. “He’s got dark hair and eyes. Looks to be about six one with a lean build. I know that’s not a lot but the only pic I have of him is a surveillance photo and it’s kind of grainy.”
I heard him sigh into the phone. 
“I will keep my ears open but I wouldn’t hold my breath for any results with the minimal information you’ve provided.”
“That’s about what I expected but figured I’d give you the specs just in case.”
“In case what? He walks into my shop wanting a tattoo?”
“Or one of your other services.”
“I see. I will let you know if that happens.”
“I appreciate it, Craven.”
“Anything for you, Angel.”
I hung up and continued down Peachtree. As I passed the various clubs, bars and restaurants, I couldn’t help but wonder how I was ever going to find this guy. It was like a needle in a hay stack and all I had was a crappy surveillance photo. This Demon had killed a Human and ate her soul. If I know anything about Demon it’s that if they kill once and get away with it, they will continue to kill until they are caught. 

I had just turned onto Paces ferry when I passed what looked like a drug deal in progress. Not my division. If Humans want to kill themselves, that’s their business. I have enough to take care of by chasing the Others that were killing them. Drugs were not my prob. 

I had just walked pass them when I realized that one guy matched the description of my perp. No, surely it couldn’t be that easy. I turned around and took a better look at him. Same dark features and about the right height. I walked up to them like I was interested in what they had to offer. I looked typical enough. Twenty something chick with auburn colored hair wearing a dark colored shirt and hoodie and blue jeans with black boots. It was too dark for him to get a good look at my eyes.
“Ya got anything good, brotha?” I asked the possible Demon while looking around like I was watching for the cops. 
“Whatcha looking for baby? I might be willin’ ta work out a deal witcha,” he said. 
I smiled at him, reached out and ran my hand down his arm like I was interested. But in actuality I was feeling him. One touch and I could usually tell what species they were. Especially the common ones, like Demon. I smiled again only this time because I had found my perp. This night had just started to look up. 
“Gallion of Rallizon. You have been found guilty of killing a Human...”
That’s all I got out before he was gone and the chase began. He ran back up Paces Ferry and took a left onto Roswell. I pulled out my cell and hit the number one.
“Yo, Senorita. What’re you up to tonight?” Kansas asked.
“I’m chasing Gallion down Roswell. Per protocol, I need backup.”
“’Kay. I’m in the alley running behind Dallas right now. I’ll cut up to Roswell.”
“Then we’re heading your way.”
The Demon took a sharp left and managed to slide past the bouncer outside of a club who was arguing with some obviously underage chick. I tried to follow the Demon inside but, of course, the bouncer saw and stopped me. 
“Kansas, stay in the alley and head for Halo. My perp just entered the club. I’m following.”
Dallas was the bar two businesses down from Halo. Kansas can cover the back door while I enter from the front.
“Ten four, Ave.”
I hung up the phone and pulled out my badge for the bouncer.
“Avery Tywella. Human’s Rights task force. I’m chasing a suspect into the club. Stand aside.”
The bouncer eyed my badge for a moment then looked at me. Then back to my badge. 
“Come the freak on. Do you need a fucking blood sample to verify DNA? Get out of the damn way.”
He raised a brow and then stepped aside. Good idea. I’d hate to hurt him in order to catch my perp. I entered the club to find that I couldn’t see any one particular person other than the band that played on the stage. Everyone else was so packed together that you couldn’t pick out one over all the others. To the right of the main dance floor was a raised area with the bar and beyond that, tables ran along the entire side of the interior until you get to the back where the VIP section is located. I headed for the raised section so that I would be able to see over the entire dance floor. My cell rang.
“Avery,” I said as a greeting.
“Ave, you find your perp yet?” Davis asked.
“Not yet. I chased him into Halo but got hung up by the bouncer. I’m casing the joint now.”
“I’m out front. I’ll hang here in case he tries to double back on ya.”
“Roger that. Ave out.”
I hung up. Kansas and Davis were partners that worked for the task force. Actually, everyone on the task force had a partner except me. I don’t work well with others so my boss agreed to make an exception as long as I called for backup if I was actively in pursuit of a perp. 
I started through the table area while simultaneously scanning the dance floor and the darker areas along the back wall where the booths were. If I didn’t find him on my initial walk through, I’d go have a seat at the bar and wait him out. My best friend happens to be one of the bartenders on duty tonight so I know she’ll help me keep an eye out. 
Suddenly, it felt like I was being watched. I stopped and looked behind me first but there was no one so I scanned the dance floor. When I didn’t see anyone looking my way I scanned the stage since it was directly across the club from me. 
The lead singer was belting out some hard rock song I had never heard before and he was looking directly at me. I looked behind me again to see if there was someone else he could be looking at but, again, there was no one. I shrugged it off. Since, as I said, I was directly across from the stage I assume he regularly looks there so he doesn’t have to watch the people bumping and grinding to his song on the dance floor. It wasn’t really the type of song I would think people would dance like that to but apparently some people will bump and grind to anything.
I continued on with my sweep of the club but didn’t see him anywhere. The most likely place would be that he’s hiding out in the men’s room but I’ll be damned if I’m going that route unless I absolutely have to. No, I’ll have a comfy seat at the bar which just happens to be across from the restrooms. That way I could keep an eye on them and the front entrance at the same time. If he tries to pull a fast one, he will have another thing coming. 
As I sat down on the bar stool, I saw that Temmy was serving a drink to a guy at the other end of the bar. I waited until she turned around and spotted me. 
“Oh my Gods, Avery. I’ve been trying to get you to come to this club for the last six months and you pick a night that I’m working to decide to come?”
“I’m working too, Temmy. Demon ran in and I’m in pursuit.”
“Well, let me fix you a drink while you persue.”
She went about mixing up a drink while I continued to watch everyone. Temmy’s real name is Temperance Desire Lovely and she absolutely hates it. Hence the nickname. She and I have been friends since we were twelve. I was raised by my maternal grandmother and she raised herself. At least until we met. Then my grandmother raised her too. See, Temmy is one of probably a thousand demigod children Bacchus, the god of grapes and spirit, has fathered. Needless to say, she has never met her dad and her mom was just as absent. Cinnamon Lovely, or Cindy to her friends, was a showgirl in Vegas when she met Temmy’s dad. Last we heard from her, she was married to some rich guy in south Florida. Good riddance to her. She should have given Temmy up for adoption as soon as she was born but I think Cindy hoped Bacchus would return and she wanted to hold on to her meal ticket. 
“There you go, Avy. I call it a Temmy special.”
I raised a brow. “I did say that I was working, didn’t I? This isn’t going to knock me on my ass with one drink?”
“Lords no. I like my drinks fru fru. Taste it, you’ll like it.”
I took an experimental taste. It did taste good but I would take it easy. Just because it tasted good didn’t mean it wouldn’t get me shitfaced. I needed to stay on top of my game for when I found my Demon. 
I felt eyes on me again so as I scanned the crowd. I looked at the stage and found the lead singer was looking at me again. That’s strange. I wonder what his deal is. Maybe it’s just a coincidence. 
“He is totally hot. I have been trying to get in his pants since I started working here. Mmm mm. The fun I could have with him,” Temmy said when she saw where I was looking.
“I thought you were dating Mr. Self Absorbed. What happened to that?”
“Oh, I’m still dating him but a girl can dream can’t she. And if he decided to make those dreams a reality, I wouldn’t say no.” She waggled her brows. 
When it came to men Temmy was like her dad with women. She never kept a single man for more than a couple of months and always had a wandering eye no matter if she was in a relationship or not.
“Tell me you don’t think he is fine,” she challenged.
I looked back at him and he was still looking at me. Then he smiled. I turned back to Temmy.
“He’s not too bad looking,” I said.
“Not too bad...are you crazy?! That right there is one fine ass mofo. If I’m lyin’, I’m dyin’.”
“Didn’t that saying go out in the eighties?”
“Some things live on forever. Kind of like you and me.” She winked.
As a demigoddess she was mostly immortal and with my half Demon ancestry it was likely that I was too.
I continued to scan for my perp. If he didn’t show himself soon, I was going to have to invade the men’s room and I really didn’t want to have to do that. Walking into a bathroom with a dozen or so drunk men was not something I wanted to do.
“You know, it looks like he’s watching us.”
“Who?” I looked around.
“Mr. Sexy on the stage. That’s who.”
“Oh. I don’t have time to play groupie. I’ve got to find this Demon.” I sighed. “I guess I’m going to go check out the restrooms. See ya, Temmy.”
“Wait. That’s it? You just waltz in here and hang out for five minutes then leave? That’s wrong.”
“We’re both working. I gotta find this guy. I promise I will go out with you soon. Okay?”
“Next Saturday. I’m off and you should be off too. Right? Your one weekend a month that you’re not on-call.”
“Uh, yeah. I’m supposed to be off. Okay, next Saturday. We can hang out at my place. I’ll buy the pizza.”
“Oh no you don’t. We will come to this club, get drunk and flirt with guys.”
I rolled my eyes. “Fine. Call me tomorrow.”
“Alright, Avy. Have fun killing your Demon.”
I used the stool to push myself up so I could lean over the bar and give her a brief hug before I left. I walked toward the hall that the restrooms were on and had no more entered the corridor when the men’s room door opened and my friend, the Demon, poked his head out. He saw me and immediately went back into the restroom and tried to shut the door. I stuck my boot in the way and pried the door open. He tried to stab me with a short knife. Well, two could play at that. I pulled my katana from the back sheath my hoodie covered and stabbed him through the shoulder. The wound wouldn’t kill him but my blade went all the way through and into the door behind him. That would keep him in place while I pulled the stiletto from my hip sheath. The weapon was made from the same thing the Hell dimension was made of. My maternal grandmother had given it to me upon my sixteenth birthday and said that my mother had wanted me to have it. There was also an ancient ritual written on a piece of paper that came with it. I don’t know what my mom, a White Witch, would be doing with a knife that killed Demon and bound them to their native dimension but I took it, memorized the ritual and have been killing Demon with it ever since. 
“Gallion, Demon of Rallizon, you have been found guilty of killing a Human woman by siphoning her soul. The sentence is death.”
“Please, have mercy. I only did what my master commanded.”
“It matters not. Justice will be served.” 
I stabbed the Demon in the chest where the heart should be, said the ritual and he disappeared. Even though Demon don’t actually have hearts, the center of the sternum is were the magic that is holding them to this dimension congregates. So stabbing them with a piece of their homeland and saying the ritual binds them to that dimension for the rest of eternity.
 
I pulled my katana out of the door and grabbed a napkin to wipe the Demon blood off before returning it to it’s sheath. I was about to slide it back in when a guy walked through the door. He stopped in his tracks and eyed my sword. I slid it into the sheath and fixed my hoodie so that it hid it again then started toward the door.
“I like your sword. You wanna see mine?” the drunk guy asked. 
“If that is a euphemism for your dick, I would have to reply with ‘mine’s bigger’. So don’t bother because if you whip it out, I will cut it off.”
He smiled. Great a drunk guy that was too stupid to take my warning.
“Aw, come on baby. You’ll like it once you see it.”
I pushed him out of my way and left the restroom. There was no point arguing with the guy. He just didn’t care.
I notified Davis and Kansas that I had dispatched the perp and left the club. As I started toward the front entrance I felt the lead singer watching me again. Whatever. I was done for the day. Time to head home and have some Ben and Jerry’s as my reward for getting that guy off the streets.


To find out more about future books in the Forged by Magic Trilogy visit S.L. Gavyn at http://www.slgavyn.com or like her on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/slgavyn.
