Calendrial 
1st Year - Lost Ones
By
 L.M. Quinpool

E-Published by Quinpool Books at Smashwords
Copyright 2015 Laura Regan http://www.quinpool.ca 

Discover more Quinpool Books at http://www.smashwords.com 

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

In other words help this author put these digital books into paperback too by purchasing it and encouraging your family and friends to purchase it rather than just lending it out and in return I'll try to keep the prices low and the books coming!
Thanks and Enjoy
LMQ




Table Of Contents
Chapter 1 – Fantasies Come True
Chapter 2 – Portal Travel
Chapter 3 – School Train
Chapter 4 – Calendrial
Chapter 5 – The First Week
Chapter 6 – Mystery in the Garden
Chapter 7 – Reading people
Chapter 8 – Questions
Chapter 9 – Halloween Guests
Chapter 10 – Christmas The Magic Way
Chapter 11 – The Plot Thickens
Chapter 12 – Secrets and Shadows
Chapter 13 –Miss Stone's Office
Chapter 14 – The Lost Ones
Chapter 15 – End Of Year
Author's Notes




Chapter 1
Fantasies Come True
Lucy Kensington sat by her gable window examining her all too normal life. It was a relatively simple life. Her only major job was to occasionally look after the "twins", her half siblings. She lived in a big house by the Civic campus of the Ottawa Hospital in the capital of Canada, with her mother Rose Kelson, step-father Jim Kelson and, of course, Amy and Allan Kelson, 'the twins'. But Lucy was still unhappy with her unburdened life. 
For a long time now, she'd known she was different from her family. Her interests consisted of silent meditation, crystal healing and candles. She also had a great sense of the future and an empathic instinct in select new situations. But her parents ignored all that. No, her mother and her Mother's Husband ignored all that. Though Lucy's biological father had disappeared long ago, for reasons Rose had yet to explain, Lucy didn't think of Jim as her father. He was her mother's husband and the twins were her mother's children with Jim, not Lucy's brother and sister. Since the twins had been born, four years ago, all her parents seemed to care about were the 'babies' and each other. At 11 years old, going on 12, Lucy was considered, by Jim and Rose, to be just a sulky pre-teen. The only person who seemed to understand her was Lucy's best friend, Spencer Addison.
Spencer lived next door and he and Lucy told each other everything. Spencer was an orphan, adopted by Cole and Ann Gilbert, at two years old, after his parents were killed in a plane crash over the Pacific Ocean. Rose and Ann were old friends, though Lucy couldn't see how. Rose was too self involved to be friends with a sweetheart like Ann. Both the Gilberts were nice people. Spencer was happy with them and they just adored Lucy. It was some consolation that they considered her their daughter, but even that wasn't really enough. Lucy felt she needed more. She needed to see new places and meet new people and maybe even find out the truth about her father. But there was very little chance that she'd ever get to do these things. She was, after all, 11 years old and, in the grand scheme of things, just a kid. At least, that's what she and the rest of the world thought...till the letter came.
It was an old looking letter, encased and written on yellow parchment paper. The address was written in Ruby Red ink that seemed to sparkle no matter how you looked at it. At first Lucy was so distracted by the mere mystery of the letter, that she almost walked right into her stepfather.
"What's that, Luce?" he asked, reaching to take the letter from her.
"Nothing," Lucy said, "just a pen pal."
"I didn't know you had a pen pal," Jim said. "Where does she live?"
Lucy hesitated.
"Right next door," she said. "I was complaining to Spencer the other day that I never get any mail. He must have sent it to me as a joke."
"Doesn't look like Spencer's handwriting," Jim said.
"He's been practicing calligraphy," Lucy said. "I think I'll go..."
But Jim took the letter and examined it.
"What's going on, Luce?" he asked.
"I just found it in the mail box," Lucy said. "Can I have my letter please."
He turned it over and examined the seal holding the flap down. Imprinted in the wax was a crest with a swan, an owl, a phoenix and a hawk on it. Over the crest was one word, "Calendrial".
"ROSE," Jim called to his wife as he went into the kitchen, still holding the letter.
"That's MY letter!" Lucy snapped.
"It was sent to the wrong person," Jim replied.
"Jim," Rose said, taking the letter and examining it. Then she looked up at Lucy, who was holding back tears. "Lucy darling, where did you get this?" she asked.
"It was sent to me," Lucy said. "I don't know what it is because HE took it away."
"Lucy, don't be bold," Rose said calmly. "You can have your letter."
She held out the letter to her daughter.
"What's the catch?" Lucy asked. "Why don't you want me to open this?"
"Rose..." Jim protested.
"Open it," Rose said. "It's her right," she told her husband.
Lucy hesitated, then broke the seal and removed several parchment sheets.
"Read it out loud, Lucy," Rose said.
"Dear Miss Kensington,
We are pleased to invite you to attend our School of the Magical Arts for the coming school term. 
Should you accept, please have your parent or guardian read the instructions printed on the fourth page of this letter, follow them and leave the fifth page, in the original envelope, in your mailbox. 
Please also find attached a list of books and supplies you will need to purchase prior to the first day of school, September 7th. 
Congratulations and we look forward to furthering your magical knowledge.
Sincerely 
Miss Alicia Astral
Headmistress,
Calendrial School of the Magical Arts."
Lucy finished the letter, but continued to stare at the words, trying to comprehend what it really had said.
"Lucy," Rose called several times before she looked up, "may I see the letter?"
Lucy handed over the first page of the letter.
"ROSE!" Jim hissed. "You can't be serious..."
"There's no return address," Rose said. "It must be a joke, just as your father said."
"Yeah, but it said..." Lucy began.
"I've never heard of this Calendrial School," Rose said. "Have you, Jim?"
"No," Jim said too quickly. "Never."
"Lucy?"
"No," Lucy said. "May I have it back please?"
"Why?" Rose asked. "It's of no use to you."
"I want to show Spencer," Lucy said, "and tell him what I think of his little joke."
Rose laughed.
"Spencer," she said. "Of course, he is always teasing you about your interests."
"And I'll get him for it," Lucy said. "Letter, please."
Rose moved to hand it over, but Jim lunged for the letter and tore it in half.
"THAT WAS MY LETTER!" Lucy said. "YOU HAVE NO RIGHT!"
"Lucy!" Rose snapped. "It was an accident."
"No it wasn't!" Lucy complained. "You're hiding something. Both of you! Why don't you want me to have this letter?"
"Now that's enough of that tone, young lady," Rose said. "Maybe you should calm down, in your room, before you go to see Spencer."
"And we'll keep this till you're ready to apologize for your boldness," Jim added, snatching the other papers away.
Tearfully, Lucy glared at her parents, then ran up to her room and slammed the door.
Rose looked at Jim as he began to tear up the letter.
"You were too obvious," Rose said.
"You shouldn't have let her read it," Jim replied. "She's our daughter and she shouldn't be encouraged to believe in all that paranormal garbage."
"Jim," Rose said gently, "she's her father's daughter. She will believe what she likes. What we need to do is not overreact so she doesn't pursue that belief and turn more reclusive and unusual than she is."
"How can you be so calm, Rose?" Jim demanded. "What if she starts to try to turn the twins? I won't have my children acting like her."
"It'll be fine," Rose said, kissing him gently. "You have the letter. You can burn it if you like. She's not going anywhere."
* * * * * *
Lucy threw herself onto her bed, totally unaware of the dark-haired figure sitting on her window seat.
"Tough day?" the figure finally asked.
Lucy jumped and sat up.
"Spencer!" she said in surprise. "What are you... Do you realize my mother could have come in and found you here?"
"I'm not scared of your parents, Luce," Spencer said. "You should know that by now. Besides, your mom is far too involved with Jim to check on you. What's up?"
"I got a letter in the mail today," Lucy said, wiping her eyes. "Mother let me read it before Jim destroyed it. I just don't understand. I barely got a chance to look at it."
"Take a look at mine," Spencer said, dropping a similar envelope on the bed as he sat beside her.
"You got one too?!" Lucy exclaimed. "I don't believe it. How? When?"
"In the mail this morning," Spencer said. "Ann got teary-eyed as I read it. She said she knew this day would come."
"How?" Lucy asked. 
"Got me!" Spencer said, lying back on the bed. "So, are you coming with me?"
"I can't," Lucy said. "They won't let me. They tore up my letter."
"So send a note back in my letter and go anyway," Spencer said. "Come on, Luce, this is a once in a lifetime chance. They can't hold you back."
"Wanna bet?" Lucy asked.
"Then Ann will just have to have a chat with your mom," Spencer said. "She'll straighten it out."
"Really?" Lucy asked excitedly. "Spencer, you and your parents are the BEST!"
"I couldn't leave without my best friend, now could I?" Spencer laughed as Lucy hugged him.
"Oh Spencer, you have to go, even without me," Lucy said, "so you can teach me by correspondence."
"Won't be necessary," Spencer said. "You're coming with me whether you like it or not."
* * * * * *
"I think it would be good for Lucy," Ann Gilbert told Rose that evening over the phone. "She's always saying she needs a new view on things."
"You don't understand, Ann," Rose said. "I don't want a witch for a daughter."
"Rose, she already dabbles," Ann said. "What's to say she won't go and find out it's really not what she thought? She'll still be getting all the regular subjects, with a few additions."
"I can't take the chance," Rose said. "I won't have her grow up like her father."
"You won't have her grow up like that or Jim won't?" Ann asked. "Rose, she has a right to know her father's people. You don't want her to live her life resenting you or going behind your back. She's a lot like her father whether you like it or not. Besides, with her away for the school year and the twins in school, you and Jim will have a lot more time to yourselves."
Rose was silent for several minutes.
"I'll let her go," she said finally, "if you can find out where this place is. We can't afford to send her halfway across the world."
"It said, in Spencer's letter, that transportation was provided," Ann said. "I'll take them out to get their school supplies tomorrow afternoon."
"Don't tell anyone about this, Ann," Rose said. "As far as the world is concerned, Spencer and Lucy are off to boarding school. Nothing more."
"Sound's reasonable," Ann said. "The study of witchcraft isn't exactly seen as a practical study."
"It isn't," Rose said. "The only reason I'm agreeing to this is it'll get Lucy out of the house for a while. I've grown so tired of watching her sulk."
"Soon it'll be just you and Jim and the twins," Ann said. "And she'll be happy, you'll be happier and so will my son."
"I'm glad she'll be happy, Ann, but if she comes home spouting spells and devil worship, I'll hold you responsible," Rose said.
* * * * * * 
"YOU'RE THE BEST, ANN!" Lucy exclaimed excitedly the next morning. "I can't believe you convinced her."
"She knows it's your right," Ann said. "Witchcraft is a misunderstood art. Just promise me you won't take part in any ritualistic sacrifices or slaughters."
"Promise," Lucy said. "Any devil worship and we'll come home directly, but there won't be any need. I don't do black magic."
"Then let's go shopping," Ann said.
"Question," Spencer said. "Where are we going to get all this: crystals, wands, Beginner's Guide to Spell Craft?"
"Spencer dear, you need to spend more time in bookstores," Lucy said. "Ottawa is full of amazing stores."
"You just have to know how to look," Ann added. "But first you need to reply to that letter."
Spencer pulled out the letter and flipped to the fourth and fifth pages in the envelope. Ann took out the instructions and read them aloud.
"To accept your invitation to Calendrial School of Magical Arts, please have a parent or guardian, or representative, over 21 years of age, elected by your parent or guardian, to acknowledge consent of acceptance. 
Place the blank page on a table and have each entering student place the palm of his/her dominant hand (writing hand) flat down on the paper for ten seconds."
Spencer followed the directions and, as he lifted his hand, a sentence appeared at the top of the page:
"I, Spencer Addison, do hear by accept the invitation to attend Calendrial School of Magical Arts."
Just as he read the words aloud, a watermark symbol on the page became brighter and began to change. It started out as the Calendrial crest (a large letter C with a hawk, a phoenix, an owl and a swan perched on it). Then the symbol began to change to a single picture of each of the birds. The pictures flashed slowly, at first, then began to speed up. Finally, the pictures stopped at the phoenix symbol. The word Aydanna appeared below the new crest and a new sentence appeared.
"Congratulations! You have been accepted into the Aydanna class. This is the class group with which you will live and, primarily, take classes. Your staff advisor will be Mr. Thomas Teller, History and Mythology teacher and Calendrial's Assistant Head. You will be given all other necessary information and shown the Aydanna private dormitories and living quarters the night of your arrival, September 7th.
If there is another accepting student, please blow on the top edge of the page and have the instructions read through again by the parent, guardian or elected representative."
Spencer picked up the paper and blew on the top. Suddenly, the paper went warm and, within seconds, a second blank page detached from the back of the first, as though the two papers were stuck together.
"Rose put me in charge of buying your supplies," Ann said, "so I think that qualifies as giving consent."
Lucy took the new paper and followed Ann's directions.  Once again the words appeared.
"I, Lucy Kensington, do hereby accept the invitation to attend Calendrial School of Magical Arts."
Moments later the crests flashed across the page again. This time there was a hesitation whenever the Hawk appeared, but finally, it came to rest at the Aydanna phoenix. Only then did Lucy realize she was holding her breath.
"Breathe, Luce," Spencer laughed.
"I thought we were going to be in different classes," she said. "I don't know what I'd do if we got separated."
"That's not going to happen, Dear" Ann said, handing the instructions back to Spencer. "You two are truly inseparable. No force, magical or non-magical, natural or unnatural, will tear you apart."
"That's right," Spencer said, putting an arm around Lucy's shoulders, "not even your mean old parents will keep us apart."
"Spencer!" Ann scolded, but Lucy laughed.
"Not with Ann on our side," she agreed.
Ann smiled a little.
"Trust me, Dears" she said. "You two are more powerful than I am. Or at least you will be."




Chapter 2
Portal Travel
"How do you suppose we get to this school?" Spencer asked as they approached the Crystal Dawn gift store on Dalhousie Street in downtown Ottawa.
"You'll find out in time," Ann replied. "Now, why don't you look around while I inquire about your supplies."
"This place will have the stones and maybe some of the books," Lucy said. "But some of that other stuff will be hard to find."
"You must be in heaven here," Spencer said. "Your main interest is crystals."
Lucy smiled as she looked at the stones under the glass counter. Then her eyes fell on a long, slender Amethyst wand.
"Would you like to take a closer look?" the man behind the counter asked.
Lucy nodded and took the wand.
"Crystal wands are hard to find and difficult to care for if they aren't cleansed properly," the man said. "But they can be very powerful. Amethyst is a stone of health, love, divination, courage, peace and psychic ability.  It works very well with other crystals"
Lucy waved the wand as if she were casting a spell.
"It feels so natural to use," she said. "I know about crystal care."
"It's one of her main... obsessions," Spencer put in.
"I'll take it," Lucy said.
The man smiled as he took out a long box for the wand. 
"Excellent choice," he said.
"Lucy, Spencer, we'll need to go to another store for the herbs and some of the books," Ann said.
"You can use our portal," the woman that Ann had approached said. "This way."
Lucy quickly paid for her wand and some other tumble stones, then followed Ann and Spencer up a long flight of stairs by the counter. Lucy was sure the stairs hadn't been there before. At the top, the woman pulled back what turned out to be a curtain to the right of the stairs. Only moments before the curtain had appeared to be a solid wall.
"Melange Magique," she said. "Also known as the Magical Blend, you'll get the rest of your supplies there. They'll also help you back through the portal when you're finished.
"Thank you for your help," Ann said. "Come on, kids."
"Ann, the Magical Blend is in Montreal," Lucy began as they stepped into the darkness beyond the curtain. "We can't possibly..." Her voice trailed off as before them a room formed and they stepped through another curtain wall into the larger Magical Blend store.
"Welcome to the Magical Blend," a woman said. "Calendrial School?"
Ann nodded.
"This way," the woman said.
"Spencer, how..." Lucy began softly.
"I don't know," Spencer replied, turning back to the curtain which had turned back into a solid wall. "Magic, I guess."
"High Magic," the woman said. "You won't be learning any of that for some time. Why don't you look around while I help your mother with your books?"
"Do you get the feeling Ann knows more about magic and this school than she's admitting?"
"Duh, Spence," Lucy said. "Hey, look at the wands."
Lucy led the way over to a tall cabinet with various wands of all shapes, sizes and colours of wood. 
"Which is the first one you saw?" a voice asked behind them.
Lucy and Spencer turned to see a man dressed in a dark cloak. Without waiting for an answer, the man opened the cabinet and took out a wand.
"We have only the finest selection," he said, handing a wand to Spencer. "Red wood with gold tip. Wave it and see how it feels."
Spencer waved the wand, but shook his head.
"That wasn't it," he said.
"No," the man said. "Of course it wasn't. Mahogany with runic engraving."
Spencer nodded.
"Take it down and give it a wave. Much better," the man smiled as Spencer waved the wand like Lucy had. "With the symbols of protection, fortune, strength, healing, magical energy and inheritance. Appropriate for one with such strong bloodlines."
"How do you know..." Spencer asked.
"I know a great deal," the man said. "You both come from powerful families."
"You must be mistaken," Lucy said. "My mother won't have anything to do with magic and my father..."
"Disappeared just after you were born," the man said. "I know by your wand, Miss. Few witches and wizards use a crystal wand. They are far too easily overloaded and fragile. Only a person with the ability to harness that power can use such a wand. You are both a great threat to the Dark Master."
"Who?" Spencer asked.
"The Grey Wizard is on the watch," the man said. "Be careful, young friends. High Magic is not all meditation and star charts." He reached out a hand and two carved pendants appeared. "The God Ares and Goddess Athena are deities of War, but also known for their protection power. He governs courage. She governs power. May they protect you."
"Is the Grey Wizard the Dark Master?" Spencer asked.
The man smiled.
"Calendrial will show you what more you need to know," he said. "If you know it now, you might look for trouble you aren't prepared for." He turned quickly and walked away.
"I've got about a thousand questions for Ann now," Spencer said.
Lucy nodded as she looked down at the small wooden pendant, engraved with an owl on one side and the word Athena on the other. 
"I've got just about as many for my mother," she said. "Problem is, I can't ask them."
"Maybe Ann will be able to tell you," Spencer said, looking at the engraving of two crossed spears and the word Ares on his pendant.
"Let's look at what else they have," she said. 
"You need uniforms," a woman said from the back of the store. "Come. My name is Miss Coral. I'll help you while you wait."
"What is this: a military school?" Spencer asked. 
"Uniforms ensure equality among the students," the woman said, "at least during class time. It's not meant to be militaristic. It keeps the students focused on competing for academic success rather than to satisfy one's vanity. Your uniforms are relatively plain, deep purple and grey, with a scarlet cloak with your school crest, similar to one worn on a jacket that other private schools might have."
"Witches and wizards don't wear sports coats," Lucy said.
"Calendrial is proud of its Canadian heritage," Miss Coral said. "Some think the red capes are a little flashy, but I think red is just a most wonderful colour."
"It is gorgeous," Lucy agreed, twirling so her skirt and scarlet crushed velvet cape flared out around her.
"Other schools prefer basic black, but it just seems so dark for a school for the White Magical Arts?"
"White Magical Arts?" Spencer asked. "Isn't that magic discrimination."
"She means they don't teach hexes and Dark Arts," Lucy said.
"Young witches and wizards are far too easily led by the power Black Magic can give," the woman continued. "Beware, both of you."
"We're not interested in Black Magic," Lucy said.
"Except maybe how to protect against it," Spencer added.
"That, you'll be taught," Miss Coral said. "Okay kids, you can change back into your regular clothes. You can't return to the outside world looking like that. At least, not unless it's Halloween."
At that moment, the curtain, that enclosed the back room from the rest of the store, opened and a young strawberry blond-haired girl stepped through with a tall dark-haired woman.
"Are you ready for another customer, Coral?" the dark-haired woman asked stiffly.
"Of course, Mrs. Wells," Miss Coral replied. "Is this your youngest?"
"Jillian," Mrs. Wells replied. She glanced at Lucy who had paused to see the newcomers. "She is looking forward to Calendrial this year."
"She doesn't look like she's looking forward to it," Lucy thought as she turned to the change rooms. "Or maybe the wind changed and that scowl is permanently set on her face."
"Thank you, Miss Coral," Spencer said as he and Lucy moved towards the curtain at the back room moments later.
"You're welcome, Kids," Miss Coral replied.
"Be sure the seams are straight," the girl named Jillian said. "My robes must be perfect. I am not a starry-eyed child who's never heard of Calendrial."
"Of course, Miss Wells," Miss Coral replied. "You'll get perfection as usual."
"That was a shot at us," Lucy growled softly.
"Come on, Luce," Spencer said. "She's just trying to be stuck up and rich."
"Oh really?" Jillian snapped, turning to the door. "I suppose you weren't caught totally off guard when you got your letters?"
"I have been studying magic since I learned to read," Lucy replied.
"Funny," Jillian said. "That mark on your hand made me think you were..." Her voice trailed off as her mother turned to her and gave her a stern look.
Lucy looked at her hand where a burn had formed in the shape of the engraved owl from her pendant.
"Spencer!" Lucy said in surprise. "Look."
Jillian laughed with a high-pitched, slightly maniacal laugh.
"Novices," she said.
"How did that happen?" Spencer asked, then gasped as Lucy lifted his hand where two crossed spears had appeared.
Mrs. Wells walked over to them and took Lucy's hand. Then she seemed to study both their hands for a moment.
"Where did you get the pendants of Ares and Athena?" she asked in an undertone.
"One of the employees gave them to us," Spencer replied, "a tall man dressed in black robes."
"Coral!" Jillian snapped. "You are helping me!"
"Yes, I'm coming," Miss Coral replied, having risen to look as well, but Mrs. Wells turned and Miss Coral returned to her customer.
"It's nothing to worry about. They'll fade and be hardly visible in a couple of days," Mrs. Wells said.
"But why did they appear?" Lucy asked. "That man did work here, didn't he?"
"CORAL!" Jillian snapped again.
"It's nothing to worry about," Mrs. Wells replied, turning her attention to her daughter and the distracted seamstress. "Now off you go. This is not the place to linger. Your mother or father will have your other supplies by now."
"Why do I think it is something to worry about?" Lucy asked softly as they left the back room.
"Maybe you're psychic," Spencer said touching the mark. "It's tender like someone used a branding iron on it."
"Ready to go you two?" Ann asked as she approached. "I've paid for all your supplies and your wand, Spencer. What happened to your hand?"
"This man gave us these pendants and, somehow, the symbols just appeared," Lucy said.
"What man?" Ann asked.
"He's not here now," Spencer said. "Maybe he finished his shift."
"Is there a problem, Mrs. Gilbert?" the woman who had been helping Ann asked.
"The children were given these pendants by one of your employees and they seem to have had a bad affect on them."
"The mark of the God and Goddess of War," the woman said in a surprised and low tone. "Who gave you these?" 
"Tall, dark guy," Spencer replied, "dressed in a cloak."
"We have no one working for us that fits that description," the woman said. "Our employees don't dress so formally in case we have outside visitors."
"Then who was he?" Lucy asked.
"Maybe you've met the Grey Wizard," Jillian said, appearing at the curtain to the back room, dressed in her uniform. "I wouldn't worry, though. If he wanted you dead, you wouldn't be standing here now."
"JILLIAN!" Mrs. Wells voice snapped from behind the curtain.
Jillian's laughter continued as she returned to the back room.
"She exaggerates," the woman said. "The Grey Wizard wouldn't come here. There are far too many defensive tools. It's probably someone playing tricks. It's nothing to worry about. The mark will fade and no one will notice it."
"But why did it appear?" Ann asked. "Why would someone brand them like this?"
"To try to make them stand out on their first day?" the woman suggested. "Just don't flaunt the marks. War Gods are protective, but not symbols for young witches and wizards to wear in their first year."
"Can you dispose of the pendants for us?" Lucy asked.
"Oh no, you must keep them," the woman said. "They are protective, as I said, and for Lost Ones protection couldn't hurt. Can I show you back through the portal?"
"Thank you," Ann said.
"But we still don't know how to get to Calendrial," Spencer said.
"Your tickets are with your supplies," the woman said, opening the portal, "with further instructions. Have a good year, Children and don't worry, Mrs. Gilbert, there's no place safer than Calendrial, in all of Canada."
"Again, thank you," Ann said. "Come on, guys."
* * * * * *
"The Calendrial School train departs September 7th at noon from the Conference Center Station across from the Chateau Laurier," Lucy read out loud on the way home. "There's no train station there."
"There use to be," Ann replied. "Go on."
"The instructions say to proceed to the basement, Conference Room 1A, where a portal guardian will be on hand to assist till 5 minutes before departure."
"We should probably be ready to go by eleven, then, to get you properly settled," Ann said. "I'll tell Rose we'll see you off."
"How much do you know about Calendrial?" Spencer asked.
"Very little," Ann confessed. "I never went there, but I believe Lucy's father did."
"The dark man told us my father was a powerful wizard before he disappeared," Lucy said. "Why didn't Mother tell me?"
"She hoped you'd never find out about his power," Ann replied. "She didn't want you to grow up as mysterious and powerful as he was. She believed it would corrupt you. Without your father to guide you, she'd have no control. Then she married Jim and, well, you know his feelings on magic."
"An abnormal waste of time," Lucy recited, "and socially unacceptable. What happened to my father and why did that man call us Lost Ones?"
"That, My Dear, you'd have to ask a witch or wizard, though I suggest you be careful when choosing who to ask." Ann said. "Your father disappeared one day. We don't know where or why. Rose believes he's dead but, knowing his power, I think there's more to the story. I think she knows more too. She was upset when he disappeared, but she didn't start saying he was dead till..."
"After she met Jim," Lucy replied.
"Did you know my parents were magical?" Spencer asked.
"Yes. We were going to tell you when we felt you were able to handle the truth. We didn't know how, or if, you'd ever be called to Calendrial, given you were brought up by non-magic parents."
"So they went to Calendrial too," Spencer said.
"With Lucy's father," Ann said. "When they were killed, he asked us to take you and protect you."
"Protect me from what?" Spencer asked.
"We're not sure," Ann said. "It was possible the plane was not malfunctioning when it went down. The details seemed to change several times afterwards. I think Lucy's father believed someone had a hand in the accident."
"Someone like the Grey Wizard?" Lucy asked.
"Again you'd have to ask a magical person," Ann replied. "Now Lucy, we'll store your stuff at our place to soothe Jim and Rose's objections. I have an extra trunk in the basement. Be sure to bring over any other items you'll be taking well in advance."
"We have a month and a half," Spencer said
"Time flies in the summer, Spencer," Ann replied as she pulled the car into the driveway. "Let's go show Cole your new toys."
* * * * * *
Lucy returned home later that afternoon to find her mother waiting in the kitchen.
"Did you get your supplies?" Rose asked.
Lucy nodded.
"I know you aren't happy about this," Lucy said. "But thank you for letting me go."
"There is to be no more witchcraft or talk about the subject in this house, especially around your brother and sister," Rose said. "That's the trade."
"I'll keep my supplies at the Gilberts'," Lucy said. "Ann already said I could."
"Good," Rose replied. "We won't discuss this in front of Jim either. His first instinct is to move us all to some far off island."
"I have no wish to discuss it with him," Lucy replied. "I have Spencer and the Gilberts to support me."
"Lucy, your father disappeared due to what I believe is this magical ability he laid claim to," Rose said rising. "Power corrupts. I believe it corrupted him and I know it's the reason he left. I don't want that for you. I don't want..." Her voice trailed off as she noticed the mark on Lucy's hand. "Where did you get that?" she asked.
"That's kind of hard to explain," Lucy replied. "See, this man gave us these pendants at the store. He said they were symbols of protection. Next thing we knew the symbol of Athena appeared on my hand like a burn. The symbol of Ares appeared on Spencer's hand."
"Cover it," Rose said sharply. "Don't let your brother or sister see it."
"The woman at the store said it would fade to almost nothing in a couple of days," Lucy said.
"Put some ointment on it and cover it till it does," Rose said. "And don't wear that pendant around this house."
"Mom, what is it?" Lucy asked.
"Just go do something about it!" Rose snapped. "The twins will be home shortly."
"Maybe I should just move in with the Gilberts," Lucy said in a low tone as she left the room. "Then I wouldn't be such a problem for you." 




Chapter 3
School Train
On September 7th, Rose said a stiff good-bye to Lucy and Spencer, warning them both to behave themselves. Jim, who had taken to spending more time with the twins rather than leave them with Lucy in the past month, conveniently took them out to the park early.  Lucy ignored the gesture, but both Spencer and Ann were livid.
"He didn't even let you say good-bye to your own siblings," Ann said as they unloaded the car at the Conference Center.
"I saw them before breakfast," Lucy said. "I'm used to it by now."
"It still isn't fair to you," Spencer began, but his voice trailed off at a glance from Lucy. He knew she didn't want to talk about it. "Where's this conference room?"
"The basement," Cole Gilbert replied. "Do you have enough stuff in here, Luce?" 
Lucy smiled.
"A girl has basic necessities," she said. "Shall we go in?"
* * * * * *
The doors to the conference room opened to reveal a short, plump man sitting on a chair before them.
"Good day to you," he said in a high-pitched voice. "Calendrial?"
Lucy and Spencer nodded.
"Twenty minutes to departure. You may change before or after you get on the train. Parents may return to Gate Seven and knock three times when you're ready to leave," the little man said. "I will be out here till five minutes before departure. Then I'll be inside till the train leaves."
"Thank you," Ann replied. "We'll be back in time."
"Have a good year," the man said, pulling back the wall, beside the door, like a curtain.
Beyond the portal was a small underground train station with a large, black, old-fashioned engine, already filling the top of the tunnel with pinkish smoke.
"You can store your luggage over here," a man called to Lucy and Spencer. "There are change rooms just over there. Calendrial students must arrive in uniforms."
"How long will it take to get to Calendrial?" Ann asked the man, as Lucy and Spencer went to change.
"About six or seven hours," the man said as he and Cole loaded the trunks into an empty compartment, "by our train speed."
"Then it isn't far," Cole asked.
"It is for normal travelers," the man replied. "It's across the country and into the mountains. Your children should be aboard five minutes prior to departure. Open compartment over here," he called as he moved to the next compartment.
"Feeling any better about this?" Cole asked, putting an arm around his wife.
"He's going across the country, Cole," Ann replied.
"But he'll be taken care of," Cole replied. "They both will."
Ann nodded and brushed a tear from her eye.
"I know they'll be fine," she said. "Lucy will be much happier there, especially with him with her."
"And we'll be home for holidays," Spencer said as he and Lucy approached.
"Ann, we'll be fine," Lucy said. "We'll stay out of trouble, as promised, and we'll write you as often as possible."
Ann smiled and hugged her.
"I'll miss you both," she said. "And I wouldn't take this opportunity away from you for anything. Go on now. Get settled."
"I'll take her for some strong coffee and chocolate," Cole said. "She'll be fine."
"I snuck some chocolate in my trunk for Luce," Spencer told his father softly. "She'll be okay too."
Cole smiled and hugged his son.
"Okay you two, all aboard," he added hugging Lucy as Spencer gave Ann a hug. "Stay out of trouble and have fun."
Lucy and Spencer boarded the train, then turned back and watched Ann and Cole leave the platform.
"Ann didn't sleep at all last night," Spencer sighed as he sat down. "She was worried we'd miss the train."
"I was just too excited," Lucy said. "Mom and Jim fought about it all night. He's glad I'm going so I won't spread my abnormal ideas to the twins."
"That's a little negative, Luce," Spencer said.
"If it wasn't for this stupid mark," Lucy said, pointing to the mark on her hand. "How could we be so..."
"We had no idea it would happen," Spencer said. "Now let's concentrate on the positive."
"Ah yes, the positive," a voice said. "One lost in a foreign world must try to be positive."
Spencer and Lucy looked up to see Jillian Wells, the girl from the store, standing in the doorway. Behind her stood a tall, dark-haired, muscular boy.
"We never did get introduced," Jillian continued. "My name is Jillian Wells. This is my boyfriend, Blair Montford. We come from two of the highest MC (Magical Community) families in Canada. And you are?"
"Lucy Kensington and Spencer Addison, the new kids," Lucy replied stiffly. "Now if you'll excuse us, our time is precious and we have no time for spoiled socialite wannabe's."
"How dare..." Jillian began.
"I call it as I see it," Lucy said. "Next time, don't have a tantrum in a public place. You are not the center of every universe."
Jillian looked livid, but then Blair whispered something to her and she smiled.
"Kensington," Jillian said thoughtfully. "Ah yes. Jonathan Kensington: disappeared from all circles, leaving a young daughter to be raised in the non-magic world."
"You've done your homework," Lucy said. "Do you have a point?"
Jillian didn't seem to be listening.
"The Addisons were killed..."
"In a plane crash and left me to be brought up by non-magic parents," Spencer finished. "So what? We are of magical descent. If you are trying to shock us, we know the truth of the matter. See you at school."
Spencer rose and closed the door. Jillian's face once again darkened as she stormed off.
"Why does that girl make me so mad?" Lucy asked.
"'Cause she's popular and a spoiled brat," Spencer said, sitting back down. "Two things you've tried to avoid being your whole life in your big three floor house and gable room."
"It's going to be a long year with her around," Lucy sighed.
"Yeah it is," Spencer agreed. "But I bet we can take her down a peg or two by the year's end."
"How?" Lucy asked.
"It's one thing to be from a high-class magical family and use that as a source of popularity," Spencer said, sitting back and stretching out his legs. "It's another to actually be prepared for MC school by studying magic since you could read. Social status isn't the only way to become popular."
"Meaning we have to work harder than her," Lucy said. "We don't know how much she knows about magic."
"Well, really, all we have to do is tick her off," Spencer said. "A couple more tantrums like she had at the Magical Blend and it's bye-bye popularity."
Lucy smiled.
"I like that better," she said.
* * * * * *
The whistle blew and the conductor called out a last boarding call.
Suddenly, the outside door to the compartment flew open and two breathless children appeared.
"Can we..." the girl began.
"Better before we move," Lucy said as she and Spencer helped them stow their trunks under the seats.
"Stupid Portal! Sent us to the Toronto station," the boy said, collapsing beside Spencer. He stopped to catch his breath, then held out a hand to Spencer as the train finally began to move. "Ethan Avery. That's my sidekick, Kestra Kilborn."
"Spencer Addison," Spencer said shaking hands with Ethan. "That's my partner in crime, Lucy Kensington."
"Is this your first year at Calendrial?" Kestra asked.
Lucy nodded.
"You?" she asked.
"Yep, we're newbies too," Kestra replied. "But I hear it's great. It's in the mountains, somewhere near B.C., and has the most gorgeous view of a nearby village."
"Kestra's past time is reading," Ethan said. "Take a good look. Normally, she has a book in front of her face."
"I like to know what's going on," Kestra replied, "and what situation I'm going into. Calendrial is a very prestigious Magical Arts School."
"The only person I know whose hobby is studying," Ethan sighed. "What happened to your hand, if you don't mind my asking?"
Lucy looked down at the gauze bandage she still had on it to hide the mark. Spencer also wore one, at Rose's insistence, to protect the twins.
"Burned it," Lucy replied, glancing at Spencer. "We were trying some candle magic and we got a little singed."
"Have you done many spells?" Kestra asked.
"Not really," Lucy replied. "My focus is crystals and my parents aren't exactly supportive of any other magic."
"Are they non-magic?" Ethan asked.
"My mother is and my stepfather," Lucy replied. "Spencer's parents are much cooler."
"My adoptive parents are non-magic, but they are supportive of both me and Lucy, in anything as long as it doesn't involve sacrificial killings or stuff like that," Spencer said.
Lucy smiled a little.
"Wait a minute," Kestra said suddenly. "You aren't the daughter of Jonathan Kensington, are you? I've read about him."
"There's a surprise," Ethan muttered.
"His disappearance was felt by witches and wizards around the world."
"Really?" Lucy asked.
"You didn't know?" Ethan asked. "He was a famous wizard."
"Till a month ago we didn't know there was such a thing as a magical world," Spencer said.
"The Addisons were very popular too," Kestra replied. "They were mourned worldwide as well. Jonathan Kensington, himself, led the search parties. That's when he disa..."
"Kes," Ethan cut in, "put your mouth on mute and your brain on pause."
"Oh I'm sorry," Kestra replied. "I get excited easily."
"It's okay," Lucy said, glancing once again at Spencer. "Please go on."
"Are you sure?" Kestra asked tentatively.
"Please," Spencer replied, "my adoptive mother could only tell us so much."
"Jonathan Kensington went to Calendrial with my parents about fifteen or twenty years ago," Kestra began, glancing at Ethan unsurely. "Scott Addison and Serena Star were his best friends. They were honours students with a taste for adventure, according to my mom. After graduation, all three got jobs with the Canadian Magic Council and soon became known as revolutionaries."
"They apparently made a lot of changes in Magic Council laws and were quite popular with a wide range of groups," Ethan said, "especially other reformers."
"Which is obviously where the trouble began," Lucy commented. "We were told the Addisons might not have been killed by a normal plane crash."
"The cause of the crash was officially blamed on faulty equipment, but, the story goes, there was a freak storm that wasn't expected by anyone, non-magic or wizard," Kestra replied. "It lasted days and prevented any hope of rescue."
"There were suspicions around the magical community that the Grey Wizard was responsible," Ethan said. "Scott, Serena and Jonathan were not in his good books. The Grey Wizard doesn't make friends easily, but especially with people who try to make changes, albeit good changes, to magical society."
"Was any wreckage found after the crash?" Spencer asked.
"Not much," Kestra replied. "Jonathan was the only one who proved able to calm the storm, days after it had happened. He had been away on other Council business when the accident happened. When the news reached him, he appeared on the shore and raised a hand. The winds calmed and the rain stopped. Immediately, he led a search party for any signs of survivors. A wing of the plane was all that was found. They speculated that the rest had settled to the bottom of the ocean as the storm subsided. The day after the storm settled, Jonathan went out once more to look and disappeared."
"Were there any clues to what happened to him?" Lucy asked a little tearfully.
"None," Ethan said. "No storm. No boat. Nothing. There were rescue teams out for weeks afterwards, but they say he just disappeared into the fog."
Silence fell over the compartment for several minutes. Spencer watched thoughtfully as Lucy absentmindedly fumbled with her bandage.
"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have told you all this," Kestra said. "I do get overexcited and..."
"Don't be sorry," Spencer cut in. "We asked for it. We wanted to know."
"We could use someone with knowledge of the magical world," Lucy added, fumbling with the bandage, though she seemed hesitant to remove it.
"Have we missed something?" Ethan asked. "Why do I get the feeling you two are having a silent debate?"
"It really has nothing to do with the topic at hand, but you know more than we do about the Grey Wizard," Spencer said, pulling out the pendant. "We were given these pendants at the beginning of August. The same day, this mark appeared," he added, removing his bandage.
"It's the mark of Ares," Kestra gasped, "God of War, noted for protection and courage."
"Mine is Athena," Lucy said, removing her bandage. "Goddess of War, noted for protection and wisdom. The symbols..."
"Created a stir," Ethan said, holding out his hand to show an etched image of a lute. "Apollo, the Hunter, Sun God and God of Justice and Healing. Kes has Artemis, the Huntress, Moon Goddess, and Goddess of Health and Liberation." He added as Kestra put out her hand to show an image of a bow and arrow. 
"We were told the marks meant we were Lost Ones," Lucy said.
"You are," Kestra said. "You have been away from your home world, so to speak. When Jonathan Kensington and the Addisons were lost, the magical world lost you two as well."
"But your symbols..." Spencer began.
"We're not sure what they mean," Kestra said. "We were told not to show anyone the symbols. A man in a dark cloak gave us the pendants, a little over a year ago. He was very mysterious. We can't even describe him."
"Same here," Spencer said. "And no one noticed him in the store where he approached us. Someone said it was the Grey Wizard."
Ethan shook his head.
"My mother says they're protection medals," he said. "The Grey Wizard isn't concerned with protecting underage wizards and witches, especially not the son and daughter of two rivals. It's possible they were given to you for protection against the Grey Wizard because of your parentage. Honestly, we're in the same spot you are, totally in the dark."
"But we've got a whole year to figure it out," Kestra said. "Calendrial must have more books than I do."
"Not many," Ethan muttered.
"I hear you," Spencer laughed softly. "She's the same way."
"I heard that," Lucy scolded.
"So tell us more about this school, Kes," Spencer said.
"Yawn," Ethan said. "We'll learn about that soon enough. Tell us what it's like to grow up in the NMC."
"The what?" Lucy and Spencer asked together.
"NMC," Ethan said, "short for Non-Magic Community. 
"We've got more to learn than I thought," Lucy said. "What's Calendrial like?"
"First Year is an overview of the subjects," Kestra said, "concentrating on Meditation and Visualization as, well as tools of the trade: History, Mythology and French and English Basics. Second Year and on gets more complicated. French and English turn into Latin and Gaelic till Fifth Year where Language becomes optional."
"HOW do you know all this?" Ethan asked.
"My sister told me," Kestra replied. "And it's all in Calendrial's Historical Accounts. There's also emphasis on Astrology, Runes, Crystals, Palmistry and Numerology."
"Some things other schools don't start till later years and there are also optional subjects offered later on," Ethan added. "My mom told me that." 
"Isn't there one set standard for what should be taught in a Magical school?" Lucy asked.
"Curriculum is defined by each Magical Council," Kestra said. "Each country has their own Magical Government which sets their own standards. Canada has its own Government known as the Magic Council. A witch or wizard's greatest strength is concentration and visualization. If one can't picture what's supposed to happen or concentrate on that image, they can't perform a proper spell."
"You are a walking encyclopaedia," Spencer commented.
"She's a whole set of encyclopaedias," Ethan added. "Eventually you get use to it, though, and you learn to ask questions sparingly."
* * * * * *
Time passed quickly and the four traveling companions soon became friends. Around dinnertime, a lady came by pushing a cart with various sandwiches and caramel cakes and maple leaf cookies, as well as, chocolate covered pretzels, mint leaf chocolates and chocolate rosebuds that actually bloomed. 
"There's too much to choose. How about a little of everything?" Lucy said. "My treat."
"Pumpkin juice?" Spencer questioned. "Now I've heard everything. I'll go for lemonade thanks."
"It's just too bad chocolate caterpillars are imported," Ethan said. "They're the best."
"Don't look so sceptical, Spencer," Lucy said. "Do you want some jelly beans?" 
"Get those things away from me," Spencer said.
Lucy laughed.
"He had a bad experience with a batch of Jelly Belly every flavoured beans at Sugar Mountain downtown," she explained. "He didn't realize, when they said they had most every flavour you could think of, they meant it."
"They're disgusting and that's all I'm saying," Spencer said.
"What flavour was it?" Kestra asked.
"It wasn't the flavour, it was the combination," Lucy said. "He was showing off and took a handful."
"Hot Pepper, Black Pepper..." Spencer said with a shiver. "I can't talk about it."
"It was very traumatic. He hasn't been able to look at them or any jelly beans since," Lucy laughed.
Spencer shivered again as he returned with a handful of snacks.
"And why haven't you bought any, Lucy?" Spencer asked dryly, as Lucy sat down.
"Because I just don't like them," Lucy replied.
"What were your flavours?" Ethan asked with a laugh.
"I don't know," Lucy replied. "I've never tasted them."
"She was traumatized by my experience too," Spencer said. 
"Do you think we'll travel underground the whole time?" Lucy asked.
"We're not actually underground," Kestra said. "We're in a time warp. The journey would take 3 or 4 days if we weren't. We'll be there about 6PM at this rate."
"Why couldn't we use a portal like we did at the station?" Spencer asked.
"Too many students going to the same place at once. Too many chances of overloading the portals and losing kids," Ethan replied. "As it is, Kes and I ended up in Toronto. We got on at the Ottawa station where kids from the Atlantic Provinces, Quebec, Ontario and Manitoba converge. Then we'll stop in Edmonton for students from the rest of the Prairie Provinces and the Territories. That's why it takes 6 hours, but apparently we won't notice the stop because of the time warp."
"The stop will be almost instantaneous because the stop is actually just a pick up of more cars," Kestra said. "I'm not sure how it happens, but, as we pass through the Edmonton Station, the train will slow and the extra cars will immediately attach to the train as it goes back into warp."
"Sounds like something out of Star Trek," Spencer commented.
"What Trek?" Ethan asked.
"Star Trek," Spencer said. "TV Show."
"Box thing with a picture, right?" Ethan asked.
"You don't have one," Spencer guessed.
"Mom and dad aren't very advanced in NMC technology because they use magic all the time," Ethan said. "What else do they use for entertainment in the NMC?"
"Computers, and video games..." Spencer said.
"More basic than that, Spence," Lucy said, looking at the puzzled looks on Kestra's and Ethan's faces. "Looks like we have information to exchange after all."




Chapter 4
Calendrial
Five hours after departure, the train came out of warp inside the Rocky Mountains.
"We're almost there," Kestra said excitedly.
"The only kid I know who is this excited about school," Ethan commented.
"Now you know two," Spencer said as Lucy moved to the window.
"So what class are you in?" Ethan asked.
"Aydanna," Spencer replied, "me and Luce both."
"Cool," Ethan said, "us too."
"Aydanna is where you want to be with the fire and courage of the phoenix," Kestra said, turning away from the window. "It's the only place to be. Tempest is full of dark wizardry... or is it just high society. Some might say it's the same. Anyway, it's ultimately ruled by the Wells and Montford families. Kelsea is a bunch of scholars..."
"Kes was almost put there," Ethan added.
"And Thalassa is artistic, but loyal, more to themselves than anything else," Kestra finished.
"We have so much to learn," Lucy sighed.
"Us too," Kestra replied. "Just because we're of the Magical Community doesn't mean we have nothing to learn."
"And we're not the only NMC kids," Spencer added.
"Exactly," Ethan added. "Don't let nerves get to you now. There's lots more serious stuff to be concerned about once we get into the classes."
"Thanks," Lucy said with a soft laugh. "That helps a lot."
"He has such a way with words," Kestra replied.
An hour later, the train pulled into a station, deep within the mountains.
"First Years to the left," a voice called. "Leave your luggage. It'll be brought up separately. First Years to the left..."
The four traveling companions followed the rest of the First Years towards the front of the train where a very tall, very large man stood.
"Welcome to Calendrial," the man called. "I am Theodorus Terminus, Gatekeeper of Calendrial. Please come this way," he finished, turning to lead the way past the train and down a long flight of winding steps.
"My sister Kerry says First Years have to walk up to the castle so the rest of the school can settle in the dining hall," Kestra said, "and so we know where the boundaries are so we don't cross them accidentally."
Beyond the stairs, Mr. Terminus led the First Year students through a large door in the rock where they could finally see the dark, mountainous castle, surrounded by a vast mote and large iron gates.
"Stay together now," Mr. Terminus called as he led them to a bridge that was camouflaged against the walls and water so that it couldn't be seen till the students were right at the foot. "There are no rails now, so don't walk more than two or three across."
"Is there anything living in there?" Spencer asked softly.
"Are you scared of monsters, Addison?" a voice asked behind him.
Spencer immediately grabbed Lucy's hand.
"Just wondering if I threw you in would something spit you back out," he replied.
"Is that a threat?" a deep voice asked.
"It speaks," Lucy said, looking back at Blair and Jillian. "Did your Mistress give you permission?"
"How is that mark on your hand?" Jillian asked with no sound of concern.
"Itching to hit something," Lucy replied, "Wanna volunteer?"
"I'd like to see you try," Jillian said.
Lucy laughed.
"Don't tempt me," she said as Spencer pulled her ahead.
"You've made enemies with Jillian Wells already?" Kestra asked. "How did you accomplish that?"
"We met her at the Magical Blend," Spencer replied. "She managed to tick Lucy off in what...three seconds?"
"Maybe four," Lucy said. "How do you know her?"
"Her family is very well-known in this world, as well as in Canada and other countries. They're rich and powerful," Ethan said. "She's the youngest of four. Her oldest brother is in Sixth Year, the other brother is in Fifth, in Kerry's year and the sister is in Fourth. They basically rule the Tempest class, but outside it they aren't well-liked." 
"Gee, I wonder why," Lucy commented.
A few minutes later, they reached the end of the bridge and approached the large doors of the castle where another tall, but thin, man stood waiting.
"First Years, Mr. Teller," Mr. Terminus announced.
"Thank you, Theodorus," the second man said. "Please join us inside for the feast."
"Thank you, Sir," Mr. Terminus replied. "I have to make my rounds first."
"As you wish," the man said. Then he turned to the crowd. "Welcome to Calendrial, First Years," the man said grandly. "My name is Thomas Teller, second-in-command, sometimes known as Assistant Headmaster, at Calendrial. I am assuming that you already know what class you'll be with for the next eight years. In a moment, you will be led into the dining hall to sit with your class. The only time you are required to sit at the designated tables, in that room, is for assemblies, special occasions, such as start of year or end of year feasts. You'll be told when it's necessary. Otherwise, meals are here or in the students' Common or student's recreation rooms in the dormitory areas. After dinner, you'll be shown the common living area and the private living area of your class group." He turned as the doors of the dining hall opened and four older students came out. 
"That's my sister, Kerry," Kestra whispered, "and the guy beside her is Jillian's brother, Robert. I'm not sure who the other two are."
"We're ready, Mr. Teller," Kerry said.
"Good," Mr. Teller replied. "New Aydanna students, please step forward and follow Miss Kilborn here into the dining hall. New Tempest students will follow Mr. Wells, new Thalassa students will follow Miss Quinn and new Kelsea students will follow Mr. Ford. Once again, welcome to Calendrial and have a wonderful year."
The dining hall was a large, tall-ceilinged room. Four long tables ran side by side and filled the length of the room to the far end where the long teacher's table stood perpendicular to the students' tables. Mr. Teller sat down to the left of the woman in the middle seat. Once all the students were seated, the tall thin woman rose, and silence fell over the room.
"Welcome back, returning students and congratulations First Years on your placements," the woman said. "My name is Alicia Astral, Headmistress at Calendrial. I will dispense with introducing the entire staff as you have all had a long day and are probably tired and hungry. I have only a couple of reminders. Our Gatekeeper, Mr. Terminus, reminds you that students are not permitted beyond the gates alone or without permission. Miss Bloomsgarden, our Groundskeeper, asks students to be careful of the snapdragons as they are rather ravenous this time of year and beware of the climbing roses. They have a tendency to tease students. Our Caretaker, Mr. Fistideous reminds you of the moving portals and he asks you to please be careful about tracking in the quick grow seeds from the greenhouses. Last year, our pumpkin patch extended into the front hall. Now with that out of the way, I think it's time to eat."
She waved a hand and the tables filled with foods of all kinds. "Bon Appetite, mes enfants. Have a wonderful year."
* * * * * *
Kerry Kilborn and the other elected leaders led the First Years to the common and private living quarters. The first room they entered was more like a two level library. There were book shelves on almost every wall of the tall, round room, but, in place of study tables, there were large, comfortable couches and chairs. The balcony was similarly decorated, but was divided into four. Each area had its own set of stairs and its own corridor to the private dormitories of each class group.
"This is the Student's Common. Here all students are welcome to interact, eat, study, whatever," Kerry told the four groups of First Years. "It's a designated study area so you can be here during study periods, but, word of warning, teachers do patrol this area. Don't be caught fighting, showing off or skipping classes. If you're caught down here in the middle of any inappropriate activity, you will be in trouble. So mind your manners. After curfew, this is as far as you're allowed to be outside the class dormitories. Now, if you'll follow each of your designated leaders, you'll be shown the private dormitories. Aydannas, follow me this way."
Kerry led the Aydanna First Years up the stairs, to the left of the door to the Aydanna gallery, and down a corridor to a statue of a griffin.
"Hephaestus," she said.
The griffin flapped its wings and moved aside.
"This is the Aydanna Common," she said, leading the way into a large living room area. "The boys' dormitory is up the left stairs. The girls' is up the right stairway. Your baggage is already in your rooms. Breakfast is served here or the main common area from 8AM to 8:50AM. Classes start at 9AM. First Years have four classes per day, from 9AM to 11AM and then from 1PM to 3PM. Lunch is down in the Students Common or in the dining hall from 12PM to 1PM. From 11 AM to 12PM and 3PM to 4PM, you are expected to report to the study hall. 
"Designated study areas are the gardens at the west end of the grounds; the stables, just to the southwest; and, of course, here, the students area, along with the library and the dining hall. Miss Bloomsgarden will explain the rules of conduct in the gardens at your first lesson in the greenhouses. From 4PM until dinner at 5PM, which you may eat in the dining hall or student's common, is Meditation time. This is free time. No homework is expected to be done," she looked directly at Kestra. "It's not restricted, but, after all day school, the opportunity is usually taken. First Years are to be in the castle by the 7PM curfew and in the student's area by 8PM. Don't get caught outside by Mr. Fistideous after that time. He'll turn you in quicker than look at you. You'll soon learn other teachers are more lenient, but don't hesitate with your excuse and it had better be a good one. That's for curfew and study hall. Any questions?" She waited for a moment. "Well, you can find me here any off time or out by the gardens. Goodnight all."
The First Years dispersed and Kerry turned to her sister.
"Mother was worried about you when you two didn't show up on the platform," Kerry said.
"The portal screwed up and took us on a detour to Toronto," Ethan said. "We just made it before the train took off."
"I'll write mother in the morning," Kerry said. "So what do you think of Calendrial so far?"
"It's big," Kestra replied. "I'm not sure I'll find this place again. Ker, this is Lucy Kensington and Spencer Addison. My sister, Kerry Kilborn."
"Welcome to our world," Kerry said. "Aydanna class is very lucky to get both Jonathan Kensington's daughter and Scott and Serena Addison's son."
"We'll see about that," Spencer said. "We weren't brought up in magic society, though Lucy has been studying since she could read."
"You'll do fine," Kerry said. "Just stay on Miss Astral's and Mr. Teller's good sides and you're home free. She's generally pretty easy to get along with and First Years only have overviews to worry about in Meditation, Spells, Language, History and Mythology, Magical Creatures, Astrology, oh and Astronomy with Miss Astral."
"Any teachers to be wary of?" Lucy asked.
"Mr. Juno, the Riding/Flying teacher, is strict, but fair," Kerry replied. "Madame Chantress, the Spells teacher, is not to be fooled with. Mademoiselle Maya teaches Languages and is picky about details, but understanding with First Years. Mr. Teller, Magical History and Mythology, is a sweetheart and a great story teller and Ms. Mind for Meditation is mysterious, and a little crazy, if you ask me. Mr. Canus is nice, but you must prove yourself to be around his magical creatures in the stables. Miss Bloomsgarden takes care of the gardens and the Greenhouses. She's a sweetheart too. Call her Bessie. It delights her no end. Mr. Roundtree, the Astrology teacher, is pretty fun too, but be sure to laugh at some of his jokes, no matter how bad they are. Keep away from Mr. Fistideous and Mr. Terminus and you're home free. Night all."
"Who was that?" Ethan asked as Kerry left.
"My sister is not that cheerful," Kestra said. "'must be first day responsibilities. She was on the honour role last year. That's why she was chosen to welcome the First Years. Guess she's trying to be welcoming before becoming the real pain in the you-know-where we know she is. She's picky on details and homework. I'm not the only scholar in our family."
"Hey, if she's unusually cheerful, don't question it," Spencer said. "We've learned to take good moods where we can get them lately. Right, Luce."
"Mother and Jim didn't provide very many cheerful days over the past month," Lucy agreed. "So what do you say we go exploring after classes tomorrow? Let's see how lost we can get."
"Won't be hard," Ethan laughed. "This is a big place."
"With lots of secrets," Lucy added.
* * * * * *
That night, after everyone was in bed, Spencer descended the stairs from the boys' dormitory to find Lucy sitting in a chair, gazing at the night sky.
"Couldn't sleep?" he asked, sitting on the window ledge across from her.
"Just thinking," Lucy said. "I guess I'm excited. Our parents were here, possibly in this very common room. Their secrets are hidden right here, but only the walls know them."
"I never dreamed I'd find out anything about my parents," Spencer admitted. "Ann and Cole always said they never knew them." He gazed down at Lucy's hand which was uncovered now.
"Something inside me says these little marks hold the key or one of the keys," Lucy said thoughtfully.
Spencer rose and sat on the arm of Lucy's chair. Lucy leaned up against him.
"We have a whole year to find the answers, Luce, and another after that," he said. "Now that we know this world, we'll find out what we've missed all these years."
Lucy sighed and nodded.
"Last night, I was wondering if I'd be homesick," she said. "Ottawa is the only home I've ever known, but already I don't want to go back."
"You don't want to go back to Ann and Cole who are still missing us both terribly?" Spencer asked.
"Well, okay, maybe I'd go back for them, but... my father felt like this was his home," she said. "I can feel that."
Spencer smiled a little and nodded.
"It's kind of like coming home from a very long vacation," he agreed. "Bet it won't feel like that in the morning, if we don't get some sleep."
"You go," Lucy said. "I'm way overexcited."
Spencer leaned back on the arm of the chair and stared out the window as several dark bird-like shapes passed in front of the moon.
"Yeah," he sighed, "Me too."




Chapter 5
The First Week
It was late before Lucy and Spencer returned to their dormitories. Fortunately, Meditation was the first class in the morning.
Ms. Medina Mind, a small thin witch who was probably smaller than most of the students, believed in a relaxed, laid back atmosphere. The desks were stacked against one wall and there were mats on the ground. 
"Now, my children, Rule Number One: make yourselves comfortable," Ms. Mind said, standing on a stack of books. "Meditation is a witch or wizard's first tool in casting spells. Although one cannot always go into deep meditation, focus and concentration are vital to casting a proper spell. Meditation will also help you increase sensorial awareness and your ability to relax.  This year we will focus on Raising Your Energy, Relaxation, Theory, Visualization and Psychic Protection. So to begin, can anyone tell me what a witch's circle is?"
Kestra's hand shot up and so did Lucy's.
"Miss Kensington," Ms. Mind said.
"A protective circle used during ritual work," Lucy said.
"Very good," Ms. Mind replied. "Miss Kilborn, what does a witch's circle protect against?"
"Negative energies or unwanted spirits," Kestra replied.
"Excellent!" Ms. Mind said triumphantly.
"Teacher's pet," Ethan whispered to Kestra.
"How is a circle created?" Ms. Mind asked.
Once again both girls were eager to answer.
"Miss Kilborn."
"By raising psychic energy and using protective tools such as crystals and charms."
Ms. Mind nodded.
"Miss Kensington, what else strengthens a circle?"
"Calling down Gods and Goddesses who rule the work you intend to do and by using incense, oils and herbs to draw the positive energy around you."
"WONDERFUL!" Ms. Mind cried out triumphantly almost jumping off the books with her excitement.
"Show off," Spencer whispered to Lucy.
"Now let's take some notes and then we'll start our meditation attempts," Ms. Mind said summoning a blackboard from the side of the room.
* * * * * *
Monday afternoon's double Spells class was anything but relaxing. First of all, they were paired with the Tempest students and secondly, Madame Chantress, the Spells teacher, was not one to be fooled with.
She was tall and towered over the students. Her blood red robes were even darker than the student uniforms and made her look like a vampiress.
"Rule Number One," she said sharply, "no wands will be needed in this class until sixth year. Do not have any delusions of turning hedgehogs into pin cushions. You will learn proper chanting and how to create talismans. This year you will concentrate on an overview, identifying symbols and tools, colour significance, crystals and magical inks. You will keep organized notes and you will show me at the end of each year that this has been accomplished."
"Easy enough for you," Spencer whispered to Lucy, "who doesn't throw anything out."
"I do not teach while others talk," Madame Chantress said, glancing briefly over at Spencer. "I expect the same courtesy. No matter how important you think what you have to say is or how popular your parents are, I will not tolerate such behaviour."
All eyes turned on Spencer and Lucy.
"Mr. Addison and Miss Kensington," Madame Chantress said, "I would think you, of all people, would pay close attention."
Jillian's hand shot up.
"Miss Wells," Madame Chantress said without looking.
"Excuse me, Madame Chantress, but earlier Miss Kensington was showing me a mysterious symbol on her hand ," Jillian said. "Perhaps you could start with identifying it."
"Really," Madame Chantress said approaching Lucy. "Let us see, Miss Kensington."
Lucy glanced at Spencer hesitantly.
"HAND!" Madame Chantress snapped.
Lucy put out her hand, but, to her surprise, Madame Chantress didn't seem to see the mark as she looked very closely.
"Let me see your other hand," Madame Chantress demanded.
In bewilderment Lucy showed her other hand as she continued to look at the very visible scar.
"I see no symbol," Madame Chantress said. "What is this game?"
"I was going to tell you, Madame, that it was a temporary tattoo from my younger sister," Lucy said. "Miss Wells didn't give me a chance to tell her that either."
"What was the symbol?" Madame Chantress demanded.
"It was a happy face, but it was partly faded," Spencer replied.
"Speak when you're spoken to, Boy," Madame Chantress snapped. "Don't follow your parents outspoken tendencies."
Jillian looked astonished.
"Madame, it wasn't a tattoo," she protested. "She..."
"Be careful, Miss Wells. I do not allow students to waste my time," Madame Chantress snapped. "I see nothing."
She took her wand out and pointed to the blank blackboard. "Lesson 1," she said. The board filled with writing. "Colour significances. Start writing."
* * * * * *
"How did you do that?" Kestra asked as they left the class two hours later. "I was sure she'd make a fuss over the symbols."
"Do you see the mark?" Lucy asked.
"Yes," Kestra said. "That's my point."
"I don't know how I did it," Lucy said. "I didn't want to show it to her and she didn't see it."
"Don't show it to me," Ethan said.
Lucy held out her hand, but after a moment Ethan shook his head.
"I still see it," he said.
"Maybe it's because we know it's there," Spencer said.
"I know it's there too," Jillian said as she and Blair exited the classroom.
"Nice try, Wells," Spencer said. "I guess we're not as easy a target as you thought."
Jillian laughed maniacally again.
"Do you honestly think I have nothing better to do than make you the center of attention?" she said.
"Well, it almost made you the center of attention," Lucy said.
"So how did you do it?" Jillian asked. "How did you make such a visible scar disappear?"
Lucy smiled.
"Easier than I can make you disappear," Lucy replied, "at this time."
"We can work on that," Kestra said.
"That sounds like a threat to me," Blair said.
"You have threats on the brain," Spencer said, "or maybe that phrase sums up your entire vocabulary. Is that all you've been taught to say or all you're permitted to say?"
"Sadly, we can't make either of you disappear. Yet," Ethan said. "But we can do ourselves a favour and make ourselves disappear. Till the next showdown."
"I'll be ready," Jillian growled.
"Is there a problem?" Madame Chantress asked.
"We were just apologizing for the confusion, Madame," Lucy said. "We had no idea Miss Wells had never seen temporary tattoos. Please excuse us. We don't want to be late for our final class of the day."
"Dismissed," Madame Chantress replied. "Miss Wells, I will see you and Mr. Montford in my office at the end of classes today. Dismissed."
"There's satisfaction for you," Spencer whispered. "She's in trouble already."
Lucy looked back at Madame Chantress.
"She's going to grill Jillian on the symbols she saw," Lucy said softly. "She doesn't believe us."
"Jill has no proof of anything," Kestra said, "and she doesn't know any more than we do."
"But she knows something," Ethan said. "But not something she's going to tell anyone."
* * * * * *
Astrology was taken with the Kelsea students. Mr. Ross Roundtree was much taller and rounder than Ms. Mind, but no less cheerful. His main signature trait, however, apart from his bad jokes, was his absentminded appearance, which the class figured out later was mostly for show.
"Now let's see," he said, picking up the attendance list, "who isn't absent? Well, I guess since it's the first day we can assume that we're all not absent. I am Mr. Ross Roundtree. I'll be teaching you about yourself and about your future. This is not about Divination, but about interpretation. For the next five years, you'll be learning Astrology, Numerology, Palmistry, Runes and I Ching. Not all at once, of course. I do suggest you pay close attention to Mythology class with Mr. Teller, during Astrology and Runes in particular. This class and Mr. Teller's are not unrelated and I'll expect you to report to me what he gets wrong."
The class laughed.
"Shall we begin with Astrology?" Mr. Roundtree asked. "Textbooks open. Most of what I'm teaching here is in your books. For the first few weeks, I expect you only to make notes on what you feel is necessary, which will be mostly what reflects on you, such as your Sun sign, Moon sign and so on. It'll make the second term easier because we will be creating and interpreting your personal Astrology charts. One cannot interpret the Astrology chart of others if one doesn't have an understanding of his or her own chart to draw from. Oh wait! There is one thing you must copy down first. Everybody take a fresh page and draw a big circle."
He drew a large circle on the blackboard. "Now draw two Medium circles about a third of the way from the top and about a third from each side. Now draw half a circle at the bottom and your name under the circle."
He wrote his name under the completed happy face. "This is you. Astrology can't be done without you."
He waited a moment till he was sure everyone was finished, then he waved a hand. The board erased and the drawing seemed to fade as though it was a watermark on a page.
"Keep this drawing. It'll remind you of the start of the year when you were happy and relaxed," he added dreamily. "And we'll need it later... Pencils down and books open."
* * * * * *
The Magical Creatures teacher, Christopher Canus, was a muscular, heavily bearded, yet very soft spoken man. He seemed able to calm the most ferocious of beasts. But where student conduct was concerned, he was very strict.
He stopped the class outside the stables to lay down the law.
"By entering this area you agree not to fool around, to be respectful of the animals and of each other. You will not approach an animal you are unfamiliar with or nervous about without me or Mr. Juno. You will pay close attention to instructions during class and remember them should you come back on off times. I have no objection to students visiting the creatures in the stables on off times. I welcome helpers to take care of the animals. This is a designated study area, but you are expected to work with the animals if you spend your study time here. That could be cleaning the area, feeding or exercising the animals. But, as I said, you will not approach any animal without being introduced to the species and any specific animals that I believe need special consideration where handling is concerned. If you do come down for study time, you will inform me, Mr. Juno, or Miss Bloomsgarden that you are here and what you intend to do. One of us is generally always on hand for consultation for any concerns you may have. We'll start our tour with the horses because that's the species you'll find you spend a lot more time with. There's a classroom area just beyond the horse stables and we will go over specific species information at the start of each class in there. For now, follow me and please keep your voices down."
* * * * * *
Languages was next with Mademoiselle Maureen Maya and the Kelsea students. A tall, thin, dark-skinned witch, her appearance was unsurpassed by anyone any of the first years had met. She spoke English with no trace of an accent, but when she demonstrated the French, Latin and Gaelic they would be learning, the outside observer would believe each language was her native tongue.
* * * * * *
Aydanna's first flying lesson was Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Michael Juno met the students at the stables.
"Welcome to your first flying lesson," he said. "I'm Mr. Juno, your guide. To say that this is actual flying lessons is misleading. You'll be learning various different sports to improve balance and coordination. Since you're starting these classes under my assumption that none of you have any riding experience and you will find it physically taxing, you'll be taking those sports such as swimming, tennis, skiing and skating, during our second class of the week for the first term. During the second term, these sports will be continued in the form of extra curricular activities Friday afternoons." 
Ultimately, over the next four years, you will be perfecting your riding techniques with several of our larger animals. Our philosophy is if you cannot control a steed with a brain, then you will have a great deal of difficulty with an enchanted broom. If you can prove to me that you can handle the animals chosen, you will be permitted to attempt broom flight, with supervision. I will be giving you a chance, at the end of term, to give me such proof. There's an incentive for you. Our main competitive sport is hockey with a twist. It's played on brooms, but you cannot even attempt it until I deem you worthy of the privilege of advanced flying classes. There's another incentive, if sports draw any interest for you. I will be watching you closely and, if you show the respect and responsibility I deem appropriate, you will also be permitted to ride on off times, provided you inform me, Mr. Canus or Miss Bloomsgarden and you do NOT leave school grounds. For now, we'll start by introducing you to the ponies." 
* * * * * *
Wednesday morning started out with Logic and Problem Solving Class with Miss Selena Marple. This short, thin, elderly witch was fairly absentminded, easily distracted by the teenage trends. 
* * * * * * 	
Miss Astral taught Astronomy second block and seemed to have a much different approach to teaching. Her voice was soft and her disposition gentle, but with her first word she managed to catch and hold everyone's attention.
"First of all, I would like to say I hope your first week is going well," Miss Astral said. "And if there are any concerns, please come to me directly before they grow to worries or problems. Astronomy is a hard course to teach during the day, but I will do my best." She waved a hand. The lights went out immediately to be replaced by a ceiling of stars and galaxies. "This is the night sky," she said. "We will be studying it like this as we need to and we will meet once a month for a night view from the Astronomy Tower. That's the center and highest tower. The entrance is off the fifth floor but we'll meet here the first time and take a portal up. I will inform each class when their turn comes for the night class. This year we will only examine the planets, stars and the phases of the moon and their importance in witchcraft. As we go on we'll focus more on constellations, galaxies and other space wonders."
She waved a hand and the light slowly returned.
"I don't expect you to copy everything I say. If you're constantly copying while I talk, you're not getting everything I'm saying. Use your instincts. I trust you to study the material in the book which is where all the information is. I do not pass children who leave their marks up to heredity and do not try. A witch or wizard who depends purely on others to do for them will get nowhere in this world. Open your books, please and we'll take the quiz at the beginning of Chapter 1, for fun, of course."




Chapter 6
Mystery in the Garden
History, taught by Mr. Teller on Wednesday afternoon, was taken with the Tempest students. 
"This is History and Geography," Mr. Teller explained, "subjects upon which the Magic Council insists, detailing the most Magical and Historically Haunted places of the world. We'll go by continent, starting with Year Two, but if there's any other places you're anxious to learn about this is the year to ask. Overviews can only last so long. I'll warn you, though, I can tell stories all day, so please feel free to stop and ask questions along the way and thank god or the gods that there's a bell at the end of class or you'd be here all day. Okay. So let's begin...”
* * * * * *
“...Now, most non-magic people who believe in the paranormal say that only stone buildings can be haunted. That's not true. Older places tend to be the most haunted, but any building can be haunted to an extend."
"Is this castle haunted?" a boy from Aydanna asked.
"It is," Mr. Teller replied. "We have several ghosts, but it's only the first week. Miss Astral has an understanding with them. They are to leave the students to settle in before they appear. If they appear at all. Some tend to try to blend in, most don't show themselves at all unless it suits them."
"Then there are no malicious ghosts," Ethan said.
"Not really," Mr. Teller replied. "No poltergeists, just a few playful ones. But I'll let you decide. I'd say they'll show up about next Friday if at all. Usually they stay in till the end of the second week."
"What determines who's a ghost?" Lucy asked.
"Generally, people with unfinished business are ghosts," Mr. Teller replied. "You rarely find happy spirits. Ghosts are generally sorrowful souls on a quest to complete a task in death that wasn't done in life or to right wrongs done in life by being helpful to the living. But there are all sorts of reasons. Some Spirits just loved their homes and don't wish to leave. Some spirits stick to a place of familiarity because they don't know there's another world for them."
"What determines where they'll haunt?" Spencer asked.
"Sometimes it depends on the task the ghost has to perform," Mr. Teller replied. "Sometimes they return to a place of living or stay where they died. It's all very personal."
At that moment the bell rang.
"Class dismissed," Mr. Teller said. He walked over to where Lucy, Spencer, Kestra and Ethan had been sitting. "I know what you're asking, but I simply don't know. I've often wondered why Scott, Serena and Jonathan aren't ghosts. Perhaps you'll find out more when you reach Astral Travel in second year."
"Thank you anyway, Sir," Lucy said.
"If I come across any clues I'll let you know," Mr. Teller promised. "Dismissed."
* * * * * *
Bessie Bloomsgarden was a very tall and muscular woman, but with the disposition of a friendly pussy cat. She met the Aydanna and Tempest first years at the door to the greenhouse on Thursday afternoon.
"Good afternoon, children," she said in a booming voice. "Welcome to the greenhouses. I am Bessie Bloomsgarden, but you may call me Bessie. This year's greenhouse work is a prelude to your Potions class in second year. You'll learn about helpful and harmful plants and how to take care of them. Come in and I'll show you around and, as Miss Astral advised, watching for the vines."
"Mother says Miss Astral hired her out of charity," Jillian said to Blair as they entered the greenhouse. "She should be more selective."
"I quite agree," Kestra said. "She should be more discriminating. Then again if she was, you probably wouldn't have made it in, Jilly."
"If she were that discriminating you wouldn't have even made the waiting list, Kilborn," Jillian replied.
"So, Jill, are you actually going to participate in the lesson or are you going to get muscle brain here to do all your work," Ethan asked. "That is why you keep him as your boyfriend, isn't it."
Blair gave a low growl.
"Come along, children," Bessie called as she approached. "Miss Wells, I hope you have come ready to work. Your siblings have resisted and I won't be putting up with that now any more than I did then."
"I knew I liked her," Spencer laughed softly as Jillian and Blair stalked off.
"Miss Kensington," Bessie continued, turning back to the four remaining Aydanna students, "I am very glad to see Jonathan Kensington's daughter at Calendrial."
"You knew my father?" Lucy asked.
Bessie smiled and nodded.
"I went to Calendrial with him and Scott and Serena," she replied with a slight catch in her voice. "Would you and your friends join me after the lesson? I'll meet you here after everyone leaves. I would like to show you something."
The rest of the hour Bessie gave the first years a tour of the greenhouses and gardens which housed a large variety of unusual plants. After the lesson Lucy, Spencer, Kestra and Ethan waited outside the greenhouses where Bessie had instructed.
"I could work in there," Lucy said decidedly. "Bessie is such a sweetheart."
"I don't think Lucy's eyes could have gotten any wider," Spencer teased.
"Sweetheart is an understatement to describe Bessie," Kestra agreed. "And the way she immediately took Jillian Wells down several pegs was wonderful."
"What do you suppose she wants to show us?" Ethan asked.
"We're about to find out," Kestra said as Bessie approached.
"Oh I'm so glad you waited," she said excitedly. "I've been brimming inside with excitement. Come to the gardens. This is an area we didn't get to go through this morning. Just be careful of the climbing roses. They're generally well behaved with me, but new students might make them forget themselves. Just brush them off if they come near."
Bessie led them through several gates of garden areas until she came to a wooden door in the hedge. 
"Fireball," she said and the door opened on its own. "This is a private garden for Aydanna students only. There are ones for each class which I will show them individually. Come in. There's more."
"Was this here when my father was at school?" Lucy asked, looking around at the high thick walls and canopy like vines overhead.
"Oh yes, dear," Bessie said. "It was one of his favourite haunts. He, Serena and Scott spent every moment out here they could, along with the Kilborns and the Averys."
"I wonder why Kerry didn't tell me about this," Kestra said. "or at least my mom."
"Oh but it's a secret," Bessie replied. "They couldn't be sure you'd be in Aydanna and only Aydanna students are permitted. It's the best place to be when you're supposed to be anywhere but the halls of the castle and you don't need teacher supervision. Though I warn you, Miss Astral will know if you're here instead of in class."
"Are all Aydanna student permitted?" Ethan asked.
"Oh yes, dear," Bessie replied. "But I didn't arrange to show the class because I have something else to show you first."
Bessie led them through the large garden and to a tall iron door with markings on it. All four children gasped.
"The symbols of the Greek Gods," Lucy said, instinctively touching the symbol on her hand.
"This is your task," Bessie said. "Only you can open this door and only you can go in. In fact, only those whom you show the door to can see it."
"Why us?" Spencer asked.
"Because your father and his friends created it," Bessie replied, "during their last two or was it three years at the school. Before they left Scott asked me to watch for you and show it to you."
"He knew we'd be here?" Spencer asked. "How?"
"He knew the Lost Ones would return," Bessie replied. "I can only assume since you can see the door, you are the ones for whom it was meant."
Kestra approached the door and examined the symbols.
"How does it work?" she asked.
"He said you'd figure that out in time," Bessie replied.
"What do you mean by Lost Ones?" Ethan asked. "Kes and I were born and brought up in the Magical world."
"You must figure that out for yourself also," Bessie said. "It's not my place to tell. Now I wouldn't tell anyone about this place unless you believe them to hold the right to enter as you do."
"Would my parents know about this secret place?" Kestra asked. "Or Kerry."
"Kerry, no," Bessie replied. "Kenneth and Warren neither. I can't say about your mothers. They were closer to Scott, Serena and Jonathan, so they might have known. Scott just asked me to show you this place because by the time he left it was pretty evident I would be staying."
"So it's probably not an inherited right," Ethan said. "Or maybe it is."
Bessie laughed.
"You are smart kids. I'm sure you'll figure it out," she said, then she looked around and sighed. "Aydanna's garden needs tending as well. I'm afraid it's been neglected since the end of last year. Four class gardens are a lot to care for in two months. That's why Miss Astral permits this as a place for students to go during school hours. You are not permitted here after curfew though or during your class time. You'll be at the mercy of Mr. Terminus if he catches you out here after curfew."
"Do you look after all the gardens as well as the stables and the greenhouses?" Spencer asked.
"Oh goodness no," Bessie replied. "We rely on the students during the year and Mr. Terminus and I have our own way of doing things for the summer months. That's why we have so many climbing roses. They keep the weeds in check until we can attend to them properly."
"What would happen if someone other than an Aydanna student tried to enter?" Lucy asked. "There doesn't seem to be a lock on the door."
"Oh the vines wouldn't permit that," Bessie said. "The password is the only way to get in and pretty soon the vines will recognize the first years, but they know not to cause trouble for these first years."
The vines above and around rustled as though in answer. Bessie smiled.
"You said it was obvious you were going to stay when my parents graduated..." Spencer said.
"Oh that," Bessie cut in. "Miss Astral offered me a job because of my gardening expertise. Now if you'll excuse me, my after class helpers will be waiting for me."
With that she hurried off.
"Was it just me or did she..." Spencer began.
"She was embarrassed, Spence," Lucy replied. "Obviously she wasn't telling the whole truth. So, scholars, how do we get into this door?"
Kestra returned to the door and touched it.
"The symbols are the same as ours," Kestra said, "but there's no keyhole or anything like that. We have to do some research."
"Her favourite R word," Ethan laughed touching the Apollo symbol on the door. "How do you intend to research a door that to the rest of the world doesn't exist?"
Kestra shrugged her shoulders.
"But we can research the Lost Ones and see if there's any significance to the symbols in this succession," she replied.
"I agree," Lucy said. "There's got to be a book somewhere with the information we need."
"Did your parents say anything about the Lost Ones when you showed them the mark?" Spencer asked.
"We didn't show them the marks," Ethan replied. "Don't ask me why. We showed them the pendants and that was enough to put both our mothers into excited whispered conversations that suddenly stopped when anyone else entered the room. When we noticed the marks, we decided not to tell them."
"They didn't notice this mark on your hand?" Lucy asked.
"We covered them as you did," Kestra said. "It was instinctive. Then the redness went down and well, unless you're looking for it, the mark isn't that visible."
Suddenly, the vines above rustled.
"Someone's coming," Spencer said.
"That's our cue to move this conversation elsewhere," Ethan said as a group of students entered.
"Hey, guys," Kerry said. "How did you find this place?"
"Bessie showed us," Kestra replied 
"It's a gorgeous hang out," Lucy said.
"Beats being stuck inside the dormitories studying," Kerry replied. "If you're headed back to the castle, beware. Mr. Fistideous is lurking. Don't hesitate. Tell him exactly where you're going and go there. He'll follow. Bye."
Kerry walked away and joined a group of Aydanna fifth year students. Kestra watched as Kerry sat down beside a dark-haired fifth year boy.
"So that's why she's so friendly all of a sudden," she said.
"Come on, Kes," Ethan said, "before she catches you watching."
"I want to know who that boy is," Kestra said moving away unwillingly.
"But that is so obvious, Kes," Lucy said. "You need to research covertly."
"You can practice by researching the symbols. Remember them?" Spencer asked.
Kestra nodded, though she glanced back once more.
"Come on, nosy," Ethan laughed.
"The year is young, Kes," Spencer said. "You'll find out soon enough."




Chapter 7
Reading People
"Okay, so what do we know?" Spencer said as the four friends sat in a corner of the library.
"I think we can be pretty sure the pendants didn't come from the Grey Wizard," Ethan said. 
"Are you two going to read or chat?" Kestra asked.
"Don't we have to know what we're looking for?" Ethan asked.
"This place is full of teachers," Spencer said. "Why don't we ask..."
"Spencer, we don't know who we can trust with this," Lucy said.
"Mr. Teller is Aydanna's advisor and the second in command," Spencer said. "Surely he can be trusted. We don't have to tell him the whole reason we're asking."
"It would be too easy, Spence," Ethan said. "Kestra doesn't do things that way."
"It's not even the end of the first week," Kestra said. "If Mr. Teller is a friend we'll find out soon enough and, if we can't figure out what we want to know on our own, we'll ask him as a last resort."
"And we're looking for information on the Lost Ones," Lucy said, "anything to define the title or connect it with the Greek god symbols."
"Maybe while the girls have their fun with their research, we can figure out what Jillian is hiding," Ethan said as Jillian and Blair entered the Library.
"She is being secretive," Kestra agreed. "And she does know more than we'd like her to. There's got to be a reason."
"A symbolic reason perhaps," Spencer suggested.
"You don't think..." Lucy began.
"We'll research that while you hit the books," Ethan said.
"How do you propose we do this investigation?" Spencer asked as he and Ethan left the library. "Follow her around? She'll catch on and fight back."
"All we need to do is take a look at her hand," Ethan replied. "We just need to find out if your theory holds. Then we can find a connection between our families and hers."
"But if she doesn't let us see the symbol we're sunk," Spencer said.
"But we won't have been watching the girls read," Ethan replied.
"Avery, Addison what are you doing lingering out here?"
The boys cringed as they turned to see Madame Chantress.
"We were just headed out to the gardens," Spencer replied. "It's much too nice a day to spend inside."
"Standing in one place won't get you there," Madame Chantress replied. "What are you really up to?"
"Ah Mr. Addison and Mr. Avery, just the boys I was looking for," Mr. Teller said as he approached. "Oh excuse the interruption, Charmain. May I steal the boys away for a moment? I need to speak with them about a question they had which I was unable to answer earlier."
"Of course, Thomas," Madame Chantress said in a low voice. "I warn you, boys. One tends to look suspicious when one lingers in one place without an obvious purpose."
Ethan and Spencer didn't reply, but a look of relief washed over them as Madame Chantress turned away.
"Thank you so much, Sir," Spencer said. "She was about to punish us for something we didn't do."
Mr. Teller laughed softly.
"Not here," he said. "Would you step this way?"
"Truly, Sir, we weren't up to anything," Ethan said as Mr. Teller led them into an empty classroom.
"I know," Mr. Teller replied, closing the door, "but I figured your secret was better left unspread."
"Our what?" Spencer asked.
"I have spoken to Miss Wells," Mr. Teller said, sitting on the edge of the teacher's desk. "She won't be repeating it anytime soon. Will you show me your symbols?"
Both boys hesitated.
"It won't leave this classroom," Mr. Teller said. "And I might be able to help."
Ethan still hesitated, but Spencer held out his hand.
"Ares," Mr. Teller muttered.
"You can see it?" Ethan asked.
"Of course," Mr. Teller replied. "Spencer showed it to me."
"It's just that Madame Chantress demanded to see Lucy's hand, but Madame Chantress didn't see the mark," Spencer replied.
"Oh yes of course," Mr. Teller replied. "I would stick to that instinct. With this right comes the right to conceal these symbols. What is your symbol, Ethan?"
"Apollo," Ethan said, showing his hand. "Kes is Artemis. Lucy is Athena."
"The Hunters and the War Gods," Mr. Teller said thoughtfully.
"What does it mean, Sir?" Spencer asked. "What right does this present? Why does Jillian refer to us as the Lost Ones?"
"Because you are," Mr. Teller replied.
"But Kes and I aren't "lost" in the literal sense of the term," Ethan replied. "We were born and bred in magical society."
"That has nothing to do with it," Mr. Teller replied.
"How does Jillian know about this right?" Spencer asked. "Does she have a similar right?"
"I'm not at liberty to say," Mr. Teller said, nodding his head for confirmation. "I made a deal with her and Blair so she would reconsider spreading your secret. May I ask how you came to get the pendants and who else knows about the symbols?"
"My adoptive parents and Lucy's mother and step-dad," Spencer replied. "And two ladies at the Magical Blend in Montreal. That's where the dark figure approached me and Lucy and gave us the pendants."
Mr. Teller nodded thoughtfully.
"Ethan?"
"Kes and I decided not to reveal the marks to our parents," Ethan replied. "We were shopping for school supplies at the same store."
"Does anyone else here know about these marks?"
"No, Sir," Ethan replied. "Yes, Sir. Miss Bloomsgarden. She told us when she showed us the Aydanna Garden."
"I expected that," Mr. Teller replied. "She had great respect for Scott and Jonathan. May I discuss this conversation with Miss Astral?"
"If you think it's necessary, Sir," Spencer said.
"Good," Mr. Teller said rising. "Thank you for being so truthful, boys."
"But, Sir..." Ethan began.
"I promise I will answer your questions, but I do have a meeting to get to," Mr. Teller said. "My best advice is do your research and don't linger too long in the halls. Tell your two friends I bullied it out of you, if that will help."
Ethan and Spencer laughed.
"We'll need that excuse," Spencer said as Mr. Teller left. "They're going to kill us."
"For finding out what we were sent to find out?" Ethan asked. "Teller did corner us and it was either answer to him or answer to Chantress. Besides, Teller got us out of Chantress' cauldron and shut Wells and Montford up for us. We had no choice."
"True," Spencer said. "You tell them that. I'll back you up by nodding my head."
"Coward," Ethan said. "They can't flip out in the library, especially with Wells in the same room. It's the best place for them."
* * * * * *
"I can't work in here," Lucy said, glancing over at the door as Jillian and Blair left the library. "Just her presence raises my blood pressure."
"Just remember the look on her face when Bessie told her, so plainly, she wouldn't put up with any slacking off," Kestra said.
Lucy laughed.
"What are they doing back?" she asked as Spencer and Ethan returned.
"Aren't you supposed to be goofing off our quest?" Kestra asked.
"Don't have to," Spencer said with a smile. "We got our answers."
Lucy and Kestra looked sceptical.
"Jilly's got a secret," Ethan said softly.
"And we know what it is," Spencer added, tapping the back of his hand.
"You're kidding," Lucy said.
"How did you find out so fast?" Kestra asked. "She just left."
"We took another route," Spencer said, pulling over the book Lucy was reading and propping it in front of him.
"Who?" Lucy asked.
"Mr. Teller approached us," Ethan replied. "He couldn't confirm what we suspected out loud, but he got around it. He asked us about the symbols."
"Who told him?" Kestra asked.
"Jillian," Spencer said, "but I suspect he knew of them before. He also has managed to convince Jillian that she shouldn't be pointing our secret out to others. Consequently, she won't be going telling tales about us."
"He didn't, by chance, tell you what it all means, did he?" Lucy asked.
"He said he would," Ethan said. "But he hasn't yet."
"Well, it's a step," Kestra said, "even though we decided not to ask Mr. Teller," she handed Ethan a book. "Looks like you'll have to help us research after all."
* * * * * *
Thursday started off with Magical Defense Class with Mrs. Antonia Kicks, a sporty little witch who seemed more suited as a hand-to-hand combat teacher than a teacher of anti-curse spells. Magical Defences class was taken with the Thalassa students.
Second block was Mythology with Mr. Teller and the Kelsea students. Then it was back to the stables for another lesson in Magical Creatures with Mr. Canus. The final class of the day was Crystals with Miss Lucinda Stone. She was a very tall, very thin witch with dark hair that surrounded her face like a cloak and almost covered her dark eyes; eyes that seemed to look right through you.
From the start, Lucy had decided that Crystals would be her favourite subject. Even Kestra had to admit Lucy was an expert. Unfortunately, it didn't seem to impress Miss Stone. She rarely asked questions and rarely gave much praise for correct answers.
"The study of crystals and their power is not one to take lightly," she said. "Dabbling, as with most magical arts, is considered amateurish and not impressive. If you wish to excel in this class, you will have to prove your professional knowledge by the work you do and your test scores. Your homework each week will be to write a clear and concise chart of the crystals we have discussed in class including the magical energies, physical properties, colour, appearance, geological classification, where they are to be found and their purpose. Not all of this will necessarily be discussed in class. There is a lot of information for each and writing is the only way to keep it all straight. At the end of class, I will give you an example of what your assignments must look like. Each subsequent class, I will list the stones I expect to see in your books the next week. Every homework assignment will be judged on its appearance, clarity and, of course, completion. Now let's begin with Section 1."
* * * * * *	
"You're going to breeze right through this class, Luce," Spencer commented as they left the class. "I'll bet you could name all the details for every one of those stones in your sleep."
"Maybe it'll get more complex," Lucy said, glancing back at Miss Stone at the same moment Miss Stone looked up at her.
"Miss Kensington, may I speak to you?" she said. 
"Of course, Miss Stone," Lucy said approaching the desk.
"I noticed you have a great knowledge of the crystals discussed today," Miss Stone said. "How long have you been studying?"
"Since I could read," Lucy replied, "though I've been looking forward to learning more all week."
Miss Stone smiled, though her eyes still looked cold and blank.
"I normally prefer students don't go ahead of my lesson in the assignments. I don't like one student outworking the rest. It disturbs the harmony," Miss Stone said. "However, if you do take the initiative I will look at your assignments separately."
"Thank you, Miss, but how did you know I would want try?" Lucy asked.
"Anyone with a crystal wand must have the predisposition to understand the study of crystals," Miss Stone said. She handed her a paper. "This is a list of the crystals we'll be discussing for the next month. If you show me you can complete the listings for these before the last class of the month, I will take you on as my assistant in Second Year."
Lucy looked at the list, as Miss Stone looked up at Lucy's waiting friends.
"You may share this list with your closest friends, but no one else and the offer only applies to you," Miss Stone said.
"I accept the challenge, Miss," Lucy said. "Thank you."
Lucy returned to her friends with slight bewilderment.
"What did she want?" Ethan asked.
"I'm not sure," Lucy replied, a little distantly. "She just gave me the assignments for this month and said if I completed them before the end of the month she'd make me her assistant in Second Year."
"After only one class?" Kestra asked. "That's kind of jumping the gun a little."
"I know," Lucy said, looking back at Miss Stone.
"Luce, this is your specialty," Spencer said. "Don't tell me you're going to pass this chance up?"
"No," Lucy replied, "but something doesn't feel right about it."
"Do you think she asked you because of who your father was?" Ethan asked.
Lucy shrugged her shoulders. Kestra also looked over at Miss Stone and shivered a little.
"Come on," she said. "Let's relax today. We have Bessie and Mr. Juno tomorrow morning. Those classes are going to be a breeze so let's start our weekend early."
"Who are you and what have you done with Kestra?" Ethan asked.
"Don't question it, Eth," Spencer said. "We've been here a week and we've already spent more time in the library that I care to."
"Yeah, don't question it," Kestra said. "Come on, it's been a long week."
The next day went as smoothly as expected. Bessie had the first years planting various herbal plants. Mr. Juno seemed very pleased with the performance of several of the Aydanna students. 
After lunch the first years had a study period during which Lucy reconsidered Miss Stone's proposal.
"It just seems strange," Lucy said. "It's our first class and she's already willing to favour me."
"You are Jonathan Kensington's daughter," Spencer pointed out.
Lucy shook her head.
"Something tells me I should pass her offer up," she said.
"But you've already accepted," Ethan said.
"But it's the only way," Kestra said. "You know me, Eth. I'd hate to disappoint a teacher, but she's right. Miss Stone's offer isn't all that genuine."
As the first few weeks of school continued, the students at Calendrial slowly began to settle in. Madame Chantress didn't hesitate to pile on the homework and most of the other teachers did the same. 
Miss Stone seemed surprised at Lucy's lack of follow through with the secret assignment, but offered to give her the same opportunity for the next month. This time Lucy refused.
"I just don't want to overload myself this early in the year," Lucy explained. "But thank you anyway, Miss."
Miss Stone nodded.
"Perhaps next term, when you've settled in," she said "Dismissed."
"She wasn't happy," Lucy sighed. "Not disappointed, just not happy."
"Don't sweat it, Luce," Spencer said. "You have plenty of time to show off to the teachers."
* * * * * *
Aydanna's first years had their first night lesson on the last Saturday of September. The Astronomy Tower was indeed the highest in the castle and gave a full view of the sky. Eleven telescopes were placed around the edge of tower, one for each student and Miss Astral.
"We'll do the star charting in class," Miss Astral explained. "This night is for exploring. I realize this is a late night class and I won't penalize students who are too tired to show up for night class from this point on, provided you inform me or a classmate prior to class. Now, let's begin with the north star..."
"I don't think I've ever seen such a clear night," Lucy sighed as the class ended at just after 1AM. 
"That's because we're usually sleeping at this time of night," Spencer yawned.
"Proper stargazing does take stamina," Miss Astral said as she followed them down the stairs.
"I wouldn't miss a lesson like that for anything in the world," Kestra said. "It seemed so cloudy earlier. It's amazing we could see so much."
"Well, I took a firm hand on the clouds," Miss Astral said. "I wasn't going to let any of our first years miss their first lessons. Tell me, children. How has your first month been? I've noted Aydanna has made an impression in most classes."
"Who couldn't stay ahead with Know-it-all One and Two over here," Ethan said. "They're taking turns showing off now."
Miss Astral laughed.
"Well co-operation is a useful tool," she said. "I'm glad to hear we have such enthusiastic first years."
"Miss Astral," Lucy said suddenly, "did you know my father?"
"I did," Miss Astral replied. "He was a great man. Mr. Teller told me of your mystery. I would like to discuss it with you further... when you're more rested."
"But do all the teachers know of my father?"
"Know of, yes, I believe so," Miss Astral replied. "Some went to school with him. Some taught him. Why do you ask?"
Lucy hesitated and looked up at her friends, then back at the head mistress. 
"We heard a rumour that some of the teachers take 2nd year students on as assistants based on their first year performance Miss," Kestra said. "Is this true?"
"I'm afraid not," Miss Astral replied with a smile. "7th or 8th years could possibly handle the task, but even the most advanced 2nd years have too much to do and not enough experience. Besides, I prefer the teachers refrain from showing favouritism with such a privilege. I think there's enough competition between class groups. May I ask where you heard this rumour?"
"We aren't sure of the exact source," Ethan replied. "We just heard talk."
Miss Astral nodded, though she looked sceptical.
"Well my dears, I think it's time for bed," she said finally. "Will you be attending the Broom Hockey game tomorrow?"
"We plan to," Spencer replied. "Luce and I are anxious to see Hockey on brooms."
"It's quite exciting," Miss Astral said. "Now off to your dormitory. Goodnight, Children."
"Goodnight, Miss," all four children said.
"Why would Miss Stone offer Lucy a position that was against the rules?" Ethan asked as they walked to the dormitory.
"Now do you see why we were sceptical?" Kestra asked. "She's up to something."
"Or she doesn't know the rules very well," Spencer yawned again.
Suddenly, Lucy stopped, causing Spencer to run into her.
"Mr. Fistideous," she said. "He's coming this way."
The caretaker, Mr. Fistideous, had not made friends with the first years. He would turn a student in for breathing loudly. 
His voice carried down the hall as he scolded another group of Aydanna first years for being up after hours.
"Come on," Spencer said, moving to a nearby doorway. "We'll let him pass us."
But just as he opened the door, a portal appeared and before they realized it all four stepped through. It took a moment for the four children to realize that they hadn't stepped directly into a dark classroom, but into a dark emptiness. 
"Where are we?" Lucy asked looking around.
"Solas!" Kestra said and a beam of light shot out of her wand and dimly illuminated the empty space around them.
"We're in a portal," Spencer replied.
"No telling where it'll land us," Ethan added. "Let's go back..."
But Lucy had already pulled out her wand and lit it the way Kestra had, casting a purplish glow to the darkness.
"You know the story behind the saying curiosity killed the cat?" Ethan muttered.
"They were really talking about Lucy and Kestra," Spencer nodded.
"Where'd you get that light spell, Kes?" Lucy whispered.
"My mom has a collection of international spell books," Kestra replied. "Solas means light in Irish Gaelic."
"Lights out, ladies. There's the opening," Ethan said as they saw a distant light.
"Solise Muchta," Kestra whispered as they drew closer to the opening. Spencer stopped her silently as a voice spoke beyond the opening.
"She declined," a cold, but familiar, voice said. "I will try again."
"That's Miss Stone," Ethan whispered. "Who is she talking to?"
But no matter how hard they listened, they couldn't hear a second voice. Then Miss Stone spoke again.
"I will try, but she has investigated my offer. They know it is not genuine. No, we need her first. He will follow. It's a setback, but not an impossibility. I will try again."
They heard Miss Stone rise and her voice got louder as it came closer. 
"She's seen the opening," Spencer said. "Let's go back."
They returned to the entrance of the gate and stepped through just as Miss Stone lifted the far exit. They didn't stop running till they reached the students' common. 
"She knew someone was listening," Ethan said breathlessly.
"How did she know we had checked her story out?" Lucy asked. "It only happened tonight."
"Maybe she was just assuming you did since you turned down her offer," Kestra suggested.
"We need to talk to Mr. Teller," Spencer said. "He told us to tell him if there were any problems."
"Spencer, how can you be so trusting?" Lucy asked. "We barely know the man."
"But he knows our secret, Luce, and he's our only hope for answers," Spencer replied.
"He's right, Luce," Ethan said. "Just like you and Kes felt Stone was up to something, Spencer and I know Teller is trustworthy. You know it too."
"Alright, so we do," Kestra agreed. "But it's late and we can't do anything tonight. We'll talk to Teller or Astral after the game tomorrow."
She rose and headed for the stairs, but stopped to wait for Lucy.
"I trust your instincts," Lucy said, "but what Stone said scares me. What if she was watching us or what if Miss Astral reported to her?"
"But she doesn't know we're wise to her," Spencer replied. "And with or without Mr. Teller, we can take care of ourselves."
Lucy nodded and gave him a hug, then said goodnight and joined Kestra at the stairs to the girls' dormitories.
"What do you think Teller will say when we tell him we were listening to a private conversation from inside a portal?" Ethan asked as he and Spencer headed for the Boys' dormitory.
"He'll understand," Spencer said. "But Lucy's right. Stone didn't suspect anything when Lucy turned her down. Someone must have been watching us."




Chapter 8
Questions
The next morning the new turn of events was clearly still bothering Lucy. She barely spoke during breakfast, in the Student's Common, and tried to refuse to go to the game.
"Come on, Luce. You were looking forward to it," Spencer said.
"I'm very tired, Spencer," Lucy argued. "I was up late last night."
"Well, if you can't handle the course load, perhaps you shouldn't be here," a voice said behind them.
"Back off, Jillian," Kestra said. "We're not in the mood."
"Cranky, aren't we," Jillian said. "I just thought I'd share some interesting information with you."
"What could you possibly know that would interest us?" Ethan asked.
"Teachers don't take students as assistants," Jillian replied with a smile. "I think you know what I mean."
She laughed and motioned for Blair to follow her as she moved to walk away, but Lucy reached out and grabbed her hand.
"Jilly," she said, "what's this mark on your hand?"
Jillian's face darkened and Blair tried to move in on Lucy, but Lucy dropped Jillian's hand.
"People in glass houses, Jilly," Lucy said. "Is muscle brain here your counter God?"
"Who told you?" Jillian demanded.
"I'm getting a sense for these things," Lucy replied. "Why else would it be so prominent in your mind? Now get lost before I let this new detail slip to your Tempest classmates."
"You wouldn't dare," Jillian snapped.
"Wanna try me?" Lucy replied.
Jillian didn't reply, but continued to glare.
"Mr. Teller is watching you pretty hard, Jilly," Ethan said nodding over at the corner where Teller and Astral were sitting. "I have it on good authority he knows we aren't friends."
"This isn't the end of this conversation," Jillian replied.
"We look forward to finishing it after Aydanna creams Tempest at the game," Kestra replied.
Jillian didn't reply and stormed off with Blair close behind.
"Now that's the Lucy I know," Spencer praised. "Did you actually see the symbol?"
"Yes," Lucy replied. "Only for a moment. She can hide it pretty well. It was a crown."
"That's not much of a clue," Ethan said.
"The only one I know of that is represented rarely by a crown is Persephone, Queen of the Underworld, opposite Hades, God of the Underworld," Kestra said. "Seems fitting, doesn't it?"
"But how did she know we'd be interested in teachers taking on student assistants?" Spencer asked.
"Unless I'm not the only one Stone made the offer to," Lucy said thoughtfully. "Let's go get a good seat for the game."
"Putting Jillian in her place really gets you going," Spencer laughed.
Lucy smiled and shrugged her shoulders.
"New possibilities may have changed my mood," she said. "Let's go."
* * * * * *
The stands surrounding the field at the north of the property were mostly empty as the four Aydanna students approached, except for one individual in the Aydanna seats.
"Well," Mr. Teller said. "I was hoping you four would come early."
"How did you get here before us?" Ethan asked. "You were still in the Student's Common before we left."
"Yes, well, I walk fast," Mr. Teller replied. "Now tell me. Was that little encounter with Miss Wells anything I should be concerned about?"
"No, Sir," Kestra replied. "Jillian was just sharing some gossip."
"Really?" Mr. Teller asked in surprise. "Miss Wells sharing?"
"Trust us, Sir. It was as much a surprise to us as it is to you," Lucy said.
"I saw you grab her hand, Miss Kensington," Mr. Teller said. "Did you..."
"She carries the mark of Persephone," Lucy replied. "I caught her off guard."
"I see," Mr. Teller nodded. "Interesting. Well, I'm glad you kept your promises to keep your tempers under control. May I ask what this gossip Miss Wells was sharing was?"
"We heard a rumour..." Kestra began, but Spencer stopped her as more student began to arrive.
"Can we talk to you in private after the game, Sir?" Spencer asked.
"If you wish," Mr. Teller agreed. "But I sense the ladies don't quite trust me."
"We're cautious, Sir," Lucy replied. "Would you meet us in the Aydanna garden?"
"Where only Aydanna students may enter?" Mr. Teller laughed. "Of course. I understand and applaud your caution. The garden of Aydanna it will be. Now sit down and tell me, Miss Kensington, Mr. Addison, have you ever seen a game of Hockey MC style?"
* * * * * *
After a triumphant win of 10 to 3 for Aydanna, Mr. Teller led the way to the Aydanna Garden.  He didn't hesitate to call out the password and stood aside for the students to pass through.
"Well, Miss Kensington, Miss Kilborn, did I pass your test?" he asked as they sat in a secluded part of the garden.
"We aren't sure who to trust, Sir," Ethan replied. "We told you we were told not to trust anyone."
"Then I assume this has to do with the Lost Ones," Mr. Teller said.
"We aren't sure," Kestra replied. "You see, Lucy was given a challenge by one of the teachers to finish the assignments for the month and become a teacher's assistant in Second Year."
"I see," Mr. Teller replied thoughtfully. "And did you accept?"
"I did at first," Lucy replied, "but there was something strange about the offer. Something that felt wrong. So I turned it down by the end of the month."
"What felt wrong about it?" Mr. Teller asked.
"I'm a first year," Lucy replied. "I'm not nearly as knowledgeable as Kestra. I'm new to the Magical World and I was given the offer in our first class."
"You have good instincts," Mr. Teller replied. "It's certainly not an offer I would take at face value, under such circumstances. But why the secrecy?"
"We discussed the scenario with Miss Astral, last night on our way down from the Astronomy Tower, and found out it wasn't a possible offer," Ethan continued.
"After we left Miss Astral, we accidentally walked into a portal," Spencer replied. "On the other end we heard that teacher saying that Lucy was aware that the offer wasn't genuine."
"Well," Mr. Teller said sitting back against the wall, "I'm betting this teacher wasn't Miss Astral because she knows the rules and she strongly enforces them. But I ask again..."
"We may be misinterpreting the offer," Lucy said. "We may have misunderstood."
"And she may be new to the school," Mr. Teller added. "And maybe she doesn't know the full rules." Then he laughed. "This is just a guess. Miss Stone was the teacher, wasn't she."
The four students nodded.
"And Miss Wells was presented with this offer as well," Mr. Teller continued. "She wasn't quite as discrete as you four. She went straight to Madame Chantress, who in turn informed me. I appreciate your discretion, kids, and I understand your concern. I will speak with Miss Stone."
"But Sir, why did she choose me and Jillian?" Lucy asked. "Did she choose students from the other class groups?"
"Not to my knowledge," Mr. Teller replied. "I wish I could give you an answer, but I can't. You are Jonathan Kensington's daughter and Jillian is the youngest of the Wells children; two famous families. But I will ask Miss Stone, discretely, and I won't mention your accidental eavesdropping."
"We appreciate that, Sir," Kestra said. "We don't want to make waves with the teachers."
"Just with Tempest students," Mr. Teller nodded. "Not unexpected. Is that all the secrets you're willing to give me today?"
"Yes, Sir," Kestra said. "We must look pretty suspicious."
Mr. Teller shrugged his shoulders.
"You're cautious," he said. "I accept that. I hope I've proven some trustworthiness to you tonight."
"We appreciate your patience, Sir," Ethan said. "We're kind of flying without a broomstick, if you know what I mean."
Mr. Teller laughed again and nodded.
"I do," he said. "And that can be a very tricky thing to do."
Lucy rose as Mr. Teller left and moved to the secret door. 
"What does this all mean?" she asked, tracing the symbol of Athena with her finger. "Why were we brought here? What is the secret?" she added, moving her fingers over the other symbols. As she touched the symbol of Artemis, the symbol on her hand began to burn as though it had been touched by a hot iron. She pulled her hand away quickly.
"What's wrong?" Kestra asked as Lucy jumped back.
"The door burned me," Lucy said. "My hand feels like it's been scalded.
Ethan, Kestra and Spencer gathered around to see. The area around her scar was swollen and red.
"What did you do?" Spencer asked.
"Nothing," Lucy replied. "I just touched the symbols. As soon as I touched Artemis..." she winced as her hand began to ache more.
"It must be a defence," Kestra said, moving to the door. "It shows us that each sign is personal."
"Don't you touch it too," Ethan said grabbing Kestra's hand.
"We need to get you to the hospital wing," Spencer said.
"We can't," Lucy said. "I'd have to tell how it happened."
"Then we'll go to Bessie," Ethan said. "She'll know what to do."
"It's really not as bad now," Lucy said. "I'll be fine."
Spencer rolled his eyes.
"Come on, Great One," he said. "I hear the after party coming. You don't want any questions, do you?"
Lucy shook her head as a gang of Aydanna students entered the garden.
"Where have you four been?" Kerry asked as the four first years moved for the door. "You're missing the first victory party of the year."
"We'll be back," Kestra said. "Lucy had a run in with a thorny bush."
"What thorny bush?" Kerry asked. "There shouldn't be..."
"I'm not sure if it was a thorn or just a sharp piece of wood," Lucy said. "These three are making a lot of fuss over nothing. Really."
"I've heard that before," Kerry said. "IF it was a thorn, be sure to mention it to Bessie."
"We will," Spencer said. "Come on, Miss Adventure."
"I still don't get what's wrong with Kerry," Kestra said. "She's never been in to sports."
"People grow, people change," Ethan said. "Let's go find Bessie before that hand gets infected. It would be harder to hide if it landed her in the hospital wing."
"Yeah yeah yeah," Lucy replied.
* * * * * *
Bessie was in the first greenhouse, directing a watering can as it watered a batch of seedling trees. She didn't seem to notice as the doors opened and the four first years entered. In fact, she didn't seem as happy as the rest of Aydanna class was with the victory.
"Bessie," Spencer said as they approached and she didn't turn, "what's wrong?"
Bessie turned quickly, almost causing the watering can to drop.
"Well, if it isn't my favourite first years," she said with a cheerfulness she clearly didn't feel. "Oh dear, I didn't say that. What can I do for you children?"
"I had a run in with 'the door'," Lucy said, holding out her hand. "It burned me."
Bessie moved closer and, for the first time, Lucy felt a chill as Bessie's hand passed over the wound.
"Mercy," Bessie said, "that certainly must hurt. Well, I think I have something for that. Kestra, on the third table there are some aloe vera plants. Break off a little and apply the syrup to the wound."
Kestra retrieved the plant and turned to hand it to Bessie, but she shook her head.
"You can do it, dear," she said. "It'll hurt for a moment, Lucy dear, but you'll find our plants work the fastest."
"Did you come to the game?" Ethan asked as Kestra applied the syrup to the burn which stung, causing Lucy to wince then began to fade immediately.
"Oh yes, dear," Bessie replied, turning back to the watering can which was hanging in mid air, "but I left before the celebration started."
"You look upset," Spencer said. "You do know..."
"I know Aydanna won," Bessie said. "I just have a lot to do."
She finished watering the baby trees and turned back to Lucy and looked over the wound again.
"Best be careful with that door next time," she said. "I'm not sure what protection was put on it. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have some other new plants to check on."
Without another word, Bessie left through the far doors which opened and closed independently.
"I've never seen Bessie so miserable," Ethan said.
"She's always so happy," Spencer agreed.
"Most ghosts are," Lucy replied.
"Ghost?" Ethan repeated. "She's not."
Lucy shrugged her shoulders.
"She always instructs, but never demonstrates. Gardening tools are controlled by magic. Doors open before her without a touch and, what's more, she told us at the start of the year that Scott Addison asked her to show us the secret area in the garden because it was obvious she would be staying at Calendrial."
"I just assumed it was just that she had been offered a job. She said something like that didn't she?" Kestra said. 
"But why would she use the word obvious?" Lucy asked. "Why didn't she just say she knew she was staying because of a job offer?"
"That's splitting hairs a little, Luce," Spencer said. "Maybe she didn't think it was any of our business why it was obvious."
"Has she ever touched you?" Lucy asked. "She didn't touch my wound a moment ago. She told you how to heal it. When she moved her hand over it, I felt this cold feeling, as though I was putting my hand in a freezer. I thought she was just performing a spell to cool the burning sensation, but now I'm just not sure."
"She did say she and Terminus were the only ones at the castle in summer," Ethan agreed. "And it did seem there was no other choice for her. I don't know. I thought ghosts were supposed to be transparent and cold all the time."
"Mr. Teller did tell us there were ghosts here, but as of yet I haven't seen one," Lucy said. "Maybe ghosts at Calendrial are more carefully concealed, so as not to frighten the more superstitious non-magic first years."
"Or to hide another secret," Spencer said, "maybe even to protect Bessie from something."
"If that's it, then it's none of our business," Ethan said.
"But Ethan..." Kestra began.
"We have partying to do and if we need to know Bessie's secret, I'm sure it'll come out in time," Ethan said.
"I agree with Ethan," Spencer said. "If Bessie wanted us to know she was a ghost, she would have told us."
Lucy nodded.
"Maybe we're trying too hard," she said. "Maybe the answers will just come if we let them."
"And at this rate we'll burn out before the end of the year," Kestra agreed half-heartedly. "Let's go party."




Chapter 9
Halloween Guest
October passed slowly as the first years settled even more into their classes. Spells was the least favourite and seemed to be where Aydanna came out the underdog to Tempest more often than not. Madame Chantress was staff advisor for Tempest and made a less than half-hearted attempt to avoid showing favouritism by rarely scolding anyone from Tempest and rarely praising anyone from another class group.
Mr. Teller evened the score somewhat by his lack of tolerance for the class rivalries. He was strict with Tempest and put up with very little bragging or superior attitudes from the students, though he allowed room for rebuttal by the Aydanna students, provided the response didn't lead to bloodshed.
As Halloween neared, however, Tempest students, led by the Wells siblings, made it clear they aimed to come out on top academically and in sports. While the Aydanna hockey team managed to beat Kelsea by a near margin, Tempest slaughtered Thalassa, almost literally.
On the Wednesday before Halloween, Mr. Teller pulled Lucy, Spencer, Kestra and Ethan aside.
"I spoke to Miss Stone about the subject of our little conversation a couple of weeks ago," he said. "She denied making any such offer."
"But she did, Sir," Lucy said. "Honestly."
Mr. Teller put up a hand.
"I do believe you," he said, "but I thought you should know. She says a student stole her papers."
"We can vouch for Lucy," Spencer said. "We saw Miss Stone give her the list."
Mr. Teller put up a hand again.
"Miss Wells is who she accused," he said. "She made no mention of Lucy."
All four students stood in stunned silence for a moment. Then Kestra spoke.
"Why are you telling us this, Sir?" she asked.
"Certainly not for ammunition," Mr. Teller replied. "Miss Wells has an alibi. I wanted you to know Miss Stone made no mention of you. I believe you should be aware of that in your next encounter with her. I also believe," he added, sitting back in his chair, "that you and Miss Wells and Mr. Montford are in the same position. As Lost Ones you should be aware of certain circumstances."
"Are there Lost Ones in each class?" Ethan asked.
"Not to my knowledge."
"What does it mean, Sir?" Lucy asked. "What are the Lost Ones?"
"You'd better hurry to the next class," Mr. Teller said. "I'll tell you what I can when the time is right."
"But, Sir..." Kestra began.
"Come on, Kes," Ethan said. "We'll be late."
"He doesn't know," Spencer said as they walked down the hall, "or he doesn't know for sure."
"He's hesitant to tell us what he does know," Lucy said. "He doesn't want to raise false hopes."
"Of what?" Ethan asked.
"That it may lead to information about their parents," Kestra guessed.
"He may also be under orders from Miss Astral not to scare us," Spencer said. "This is not a temporary tattoo. It's permanent and will probably have long term effects."
* * * * * *
Halloween was celebrated with a great feast of cakes, pies and candy.
"This is much better than trick or treating," Spencer commented.
"Trick or what?" Ethan asked.
"Trick or Treating," Lucy said. "It's a NMC tradition. You dress up in a costume and go door to door, begging for candy."
"Begging door to door?" Kestra repeated. "And this is fun?"
"It's fun for the younger kids," Lucy replied. "As you get older... well yeah, it's still fun, but on the cold nights it's more doubtful."
"But you end up with all sorts of candy at the end of the night," Spencer added. "And it's fun to pretend to be something you're not on occasion. Which really doesn't apply to Lucy because she's only ever wanted to be a witch."
"Your parents let you beg for candy, but didn't want you to go to this school?" Ethan asked.
"It's all in fun," Lucy said. "Mom and Jim knew we knew it was pretend. Calendrial was too real for them. Pretending to be a witch is acceptable: learning to be a witch is abnormal."
"We've only ever had a feast on All Hallow's Eve," Kestra said, "I suppose because in the MC, magic doesn't have to be pretend."
"It's a much warmer way to celebrate," Spencer added.
"What other strange rituals do they have in the NMC that we don't?" Ethan asked. "Do you trick or treat at Christmas too?"
Spencer and Lucy laughed and shook their heads.
"Speaking of Christmas, are you two going home for the holidays?" Kestra asked.
"Not sure yet," Spencer said. "Ann and Cole will probably want us to, but Luce is still wavering."
"Rose and Jim are taking the twins out of town," Lucy said. "I heard them talking about it before I left. Ann and Cole will have me, but I'm just getting settled in."
"I know what you mean there," Kestra said. "Just three months settled and we're back on the train. I also hear Chantress gives piles of homework over the holidays."
"That would be my reason to stay," Ethan said sarcastically. "Why don't you consider inviting your parents to celebrate MC style with me and Kes in Manotick? It's not far from your place and my parents would love to meet real people from the NMC."
"Nice way to put it, Eth," Kestra said. "Come to dinner to amuse my parents, people of the NMC."
"We don't want to impose," Lucy said.
"My mother suggested it in a letter last week," Ethan said. "She believes you should experience all things magic once and she thinks since Spencer's parents are so supportive, they should be educated too."
"I'll write to my mom tomorrow," Spencer said. "Count us in."
Lucy nodded, but Kestra noted her hesitation. Later that night, Kestra found Lucy in the Aydanna common room alone, supposedly reading.
"Are you okay?" Kestra asked. "You've seemed kind of quiet since dinner."
"This will be my first official Christmas away from home," Lucy said. "Rose and Jim have made sure of that."
"But you still have Spencer and his parents," Kestra said. "They're family."
Lucy nodded.
"It's just different," she said. "Rose and Jim are avoiding me. Adds a bit of bitterness to Christmas."
"That's why you need to fill the gap with family and new friends," Kestra said. "What would you say to a trip to the stables early tomorrow without the boys? Maybe Mr. Juno will let us go for a ride. He said you would definitely rate solo privileges. Christmas is still over a month away. Let's forget about the worries and ride."
Lucy laughed.
"Ethan would never believe you said that," she said. "But a ride would be nice."
"Then we'll let the boys sleep in and put on the charm for Mr. Juno," Kestra said. "After some sleep."
Lucy nodded and rose.
"I shouldn't really be upset about Rose and Jim," she said as they returned to the girls' dormitory.
"They need time," Kestra said. "Most NMCs do, to be able to believe that magic isn't a dream that'll go away."
"Why?" Lucy asked.
"Because magic is misunderstood," Kestra replied. "The Dark Arts is far too well-known and confuses the difference between white and black magic."
* * * * * *
The next morning the girls rose early and went down to the stables where Mr. Juno was calming a new arrival.
"Good morning, Ladies," he said softly as they entered. "I'll be with you in a moment," he added, as there was a thrashing sound in the stall.
Mr. Juno disappeared into the stall. The girls followed to see a gleaming, white-winged horse.
"She's a little skittish," Mr. Juno warned. "She was caught in a wind storm and hurt her wing. I assume you girls are daring to request solo privileges."
"You did say you were impressed with our performances, Sir," Lucy said.
Mr. Juno laughed.
"Yes I did," he said. "Give me a few minutes to settle the Pegasus. Miss Kilborn, you might want to step back. She's pretty agitated."
Despite Mr. Juno's warning, Kestra stepped forward, whispering something almost inaudible. Suddenly, the Pegasus calmed and seemed to bow.
"She's frightened your medication might hurt her baby," Kestra said, stroking the animal's nose.
"Her what?" Mr. Juno asked. "Miss Kilborn, how did you..."
"She told me, Sir," Kestra said. "She only just realized it herself."
At that moment Mr. Canus appeared at the door to the stall.
"What's going on in here?" he asked.
"Miss Kilborn has broken through to our new arrival," Mr. Juno explained. "Mr. Canus, did you note anything unusual in your examination?"
"I believe she may be with child," Mr. Canus said. "Ladies please, first years shouldn't be this close to such a wild animal."
"We'll treat her as an expectant mother." Mr. Juno said. "Now why don't we get you two set with a couple of ponies." 
"How long will she be here, Sir?" Lucy asked as Kestra followed him out of the stall.
"As long as it's necessary for her to heal," Mr. Juno replied. "How did you know she was pregnant?"
"She told me," Kestra said. "Didn't you hear her?"
"She fell quiet as you approached," Mr. Juno replied. "But animals do speak in a tone most people don't normally hear. Having a sense for animals is one thing; understanding their speech is not a very usual gift. Use it wisely."
"May we come back and see her again, Sir?" Lucy asked. "I've never seen a real Pegasus. This is her first baby and she says she'd feel more comfortable staying here if she has a translator or two near by."
Mr. Juno laughed.
"First years don't normally get lone stable privileges till second term," he said. "I will discuss this with Mr. Canus, but I think we can work it out. Now remind me, which horses do you usually have?"
* * * * * *
"Would you believe I've only ever been horseback riding twice in my life?" Lucy asked as she and Kestra left the stables.
"Don't let Mr. Juno hear you say that," Kestra said. "I think we're breaking the rules as it is."
"It feels natural," Lucy said. "But the only time I've ever ridden, besides here, is a small pony at the Ex."
"And the Ex would be?"
"A large fair in Ottawa," Lucy said. "Didn't you ever associate with the NMC?"
"We associate with people in the NMC, but not at social functions," Kestra said. "We go to MC functions. Sports and stuff like that. My dad is going to have a thousand questions.  NMC studies is one of his hobbies."
"Well, he'll have live subjects to study, provided Spencer gets the letter to Ann and Cole all right," Lucy said. "They haven't quite gotten used to mail the MC way. Kes, what's that in the sky?"
Kestra looked up to see a large bird soaring overhead.
"I think it's an owl," she said. "Kind of odd behaviour at this time of day."
"I think it's following us," Lucy said as the bird circled wider over them.
"It's probably just getting a late dinner," Kestra said. "You know, like a midnight snack."
Lucy nodded, but throughout the ride the owl seemed to be around. Eventually, it stopped circling them and perched in a tree at the edge of the grounds. It took flight every so often and landed along the path that Lucy and Kestra took.
"I don't like it," Lucy said, finally halting her horse. "It is following us."
At that moment, the owl took flight again and disappeared into the sky.
"I think it heard you," Kestra said, stopping along side Lucy. "What do you say to breakfast?"
Both horses made noise that seemed to mean they were in agreement.
"Can you understand them too?" Lucy asked as they turned back to the stables.
Kestra shrugged her shoulders. 
"I wouldn't know how to try," she said. "It was all instinct that drew me to the Pegasus."
"The Goddess Artemis considered all wild animals sacred," Lucy said. "Maybe it's just the wild ones you can communicate with."
"Let's not mention this to the boys," Kestra said, "till we figure out if it's really a gift or a fluke."
Lucy laughed.
"Can you hear them now?" she asked.
"Ethan would tease me to death if I said I could talk to animals and couldn't prove it," Kestra said.
Lucy made a crossing movement over her heart.
"My lips are sealed," she said.
* * * * * * 
"Apparently, they went out early," Spencer said as he and Ethan went down to breakfast. "All that talk about Christmas bothered Luce a little. She's spent more Christmas dinners with my family since Rose married Jim that she's ever spent with Rose."
"Why?" Ethan asked. "How could her mother not want her to be home?" 
Spencer laughed.
"We wondered that for years," he said. "Then we got the letter to Calendrial and it all became clear."
"So they knew," Ethan confirmed.
Spencer nodded.
"They knew. Ann and Cole knew too," he said. "Why they didn't tell us is possibly behind that mystery door. There they are now. Good morning, Ladies. How was your ride without us?"
"Don't take it as a slight, Spencer," Lucy said.
"Just think of it as we let you sleep in," Kestra said.
"Oh thank you, great ones, for letting your humble sidekicks sleep in," Ethan said sarcastically. "Did you charm Mr. Juno."
"Oh yeah," Kestra said. "No problem. He says he's confident in our talents with the animals."
Lucy smiled a little.
"Have you sent the letter yet?" she asked.
"I was waiting for a true verdict," Spencer replied. "If you don't want to go..."
"I want to go," Lucy said. "I'm anxious to try every bit of life in the MC. Magic life is not all school and studying and maybe, just maybe, our true purpose will come to us if we just let it happen and use our natural instincts."
Kestra smiled a little.
"What happened to you two out there?" Ethan asked. "You're almost giddy this morning."
"Just relaxed, Ethan dear," Kestra said. "The truth of our mystery will show itself in good time. So why stress over it. We have much more to stress over, don't you think?"
At that moment they saw that Madame Chantress was watching them carefully.
"That was well-timed, Kes," Spencer commented as they settled down in a corner of the Student's Common. "Who's the greatest stress in our lives currently..."
"The two who just walked in," Ethan said as Jillian and Blair entered the Students' common.
"I'm not in the mood to stress over them or missing truths," Lucy said. "Chantress is watching us too closely and we have better things to do. You have to go and see the new arrival in the stables. She's gorgeous..."




Chapter 10
Christmas The Magical Way
The students were to return home on the Friday before the week of Christmas. On Thursday night, the truth began to come into focus, though the signs weren't immediately clear. It began with a dream, or rather four dreams which were dreamed by the four students at one time, but seemed to be connected.
Spencer found himself sitting in an unfamiliar garden. It was a small garden with a stone pool in the middle. On the stone edge were the four symbols that had become so prominent in the last couple of months. Spencer looked around and saw Kestra, Ethan and Lucy, each standing with a hand on the stone carving of their symbol. Before Spencer could speak, an owl soared down and landed by Lucy and two black cats approached and stationed themselves on either side of Spencer. Another moment later, an image of an old grey wizard began to appear in the water. The Wizard was laughing evilly and it was soon apparent that this was the famed Grey Wizard. As the laughter filled the air, the owl and cats moved towards the water, but disappeared just as they touched the surface. Then the evil laughter stopped and the image looked up at the four students.
"Seen enough, My Lost Ones?" a voice asked.
The dream ended and Spencer sat up quickly. He looked over at Ethan who was also sitting up.
"What was that?" Ethan whispered.
"That depends," Spencer said. "Did you see what I saw?"
"How can we have the exact same dream?" Ethan asked.
Spencer shook his head as he threw back his covers.
"Where are you going?" Ethan asked.
"Lucy," Spencer replied. "She and Kes will be down in a minute."
Ethan got up silently and picked up his robe. Lucy and Kestra were just descending the girls' stairs as the boys descended. Lucy seemed to be shaken, but Kestra was just bewildered.
"I just don't get it," Kestra said. "It's beyond reason. We can't have the same dream."
"The Grey Wizard was trying to tell us something," Lucy said, shivering as she sat down beside Spencer. "He's proving his power."
"Why?" Spencer asked, putting an arm around Lucy's shoulders. "What's the game?"
"I don't think it was the Grey Wizard who started it," Ethan said. "Someone else is trying to tell us something. He just interrupted."
"Then who?" Kestra asked. "Who could possibly have the power to connect our dreams?"
"The same person who gave us the symbols," Ethan said. "We know it wasn't the Grey Wizard."
"What time does the train leave again?" Lucy asked.
"Noon," Spencer replied. "We only have to be awake enough to get on the train."
"Right now I'm not expecting to sleep any more tonight," Kestra said.
"But we have to," Lucy said rising. "We can't overreact by refusing to sleep. We obviously didn't get the message."
"You can't honestly want to go back to sleep to have another dream?" Kestra said.
"A dream is a dream and it can't hurt us," Spencer said. "But I think we need to analyze before we're ready to have a follow up."
"Do you have any ideas?" Ethan asked.
"We need to talk to Teller," Spencer replied. "But first we need to catch our breaths and relax. If the Grey Wizard wanted us to know something, he would have been clearer about it."
"Sound reasoning, Spence, but I'm still shaken," Lucy replied. Then she sat down and closed her eyes for a moment. "Okay, what did we see? A pool of water surrounded by the symbols."
"Could it be inside the garden? Behind the secret door?" Kestra suggested. "It wasn't a garden I've ever been in before."
Lucy nodded.
"What else?" 
"Could the owl and the cats be the connection to the person or people who gave us this mystery?" Ethan asked. "It's possible there's more than one person at work here."
"It couldn't be connected to the Addisons and Jonathan Kensington, could it?" Spencer asked. "No, they just made the garden. They couldn't have given us the symbol pendants."
"But the person who gave us the pendants didn't have to be in the dream," Lucy said. "We know the Grey Wizard was suspected to be responsible for Scott and Serena's and dad's disappearances. The dream could just be confirming what we already suspect."
"But why such an elaborate dream just to tell us that?" Kestra asked.
"Dreams are rarely straight forward," Lucy replied.
"What about the symbols?" Ethan asked. "We each touched the symbol before us. Could it signal how to open the door? We know touching the symbol on the door is significant."
"We'll have to wait till we come back to try the door," Spencer said. "With the snow drifts, even if the door did open it wouldn't open far."
"Besides, if we got in we might miss the train," Lucy yawned.
"And there is no way you're missing your first Magical Christmas," Kestra replied.
* * * * * *
The journey home seemed to take even less time than the original trip out. Before anyone realized it, the train was pulling into the station. Ann and Cole were waiting on the platform.
"Oh I'm so glad to see you two," Ann cried. "I missed you so much."
"She's been baking for days," Cole added. "Everything she could think of for her little Witch and Wizard."
"Lucy was ready to go before the rest of the school was awake," Spencer said.
"Oh yeah, he wasn't at all excited," Lucy shot back. "So what did you make?"
Ann smiled.
"More than we can eat," Cole replied. "So where are these friends of yours?"
"Now are you sure we're not imposing?" Ann asked. "We're perfectly fine with it if you want to spend Christmas with your new friends."
"Now I wouldn't think of asking the children and not the parents," a tall, dark-haired woman said, approaching with Kestra. "Krista Kilborn. Such a pleasure to see you again, Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert. We met briefly at Jonathan and Rose's wedding."
"And mom this is..." Kestra began.
"Jonathan's little girl," Krista sighed. "You are your father's daughter and I would know a child of Scott and Serena's anywhere, with Serena's eyes and Scott's handsome looks. Come. Kenneth is waiting at the gate."
"She's a little over-excited," Kestra said softly, as they loaded the trunks onto a cart.
"Just a little," Ethan said softly. "I bet you my mom has each house decorated within an inch of its life."
"Oh, by the way, Ann and Cole, meet Kestra and Ethan," Spencer said.
"I was so glad when I found out Lucy and Spencer had found friends so quickly," Ann said. "I was worried their lack of exposure to the magical world would make the adjustment harder."
"It's not uncommon," Kerry said as she approached. "Not all wizards and witches are born knowing the Magical world. I'd say about fifty per cent of the new students are half-blood or less."
"Considering there are only about 40 new students, that's a good majority," Spencer said.
"Now see, I told you there was nothing to worry about," Cole said. "She worried for a month after you left."
"It was more like two weeks," Ann said. "Then I focused on certain neighbours."
Lucy winced.
"What did she do?" she asked.
"That's just it," Ann said. "She did nothing. I wished I'd had some spell to put on her when I found out she was actually leaving town for Christmas."
"Technically so did you," Spencer said.
"Spencer, you know what I mean," Ann said. "I just couldn't believe..."
Cole put a hand on her shoulder.
"We agreed that this wasn't the time to think about that," he said. "Remember? This is Christmas and there's nothing we can do about Rose and Jim..."
"And we should be concentrating on good will and the children," Ann nodded. "But she's going to get an earful when she gets back."
"See, Christmas isn't that bad," Kestra whispered to Lucy. "With adoptive parents like that, who couldn't have fun?"
"She does this every year," Lucy said. "The only danger about bringing her deeper into the Magical world in this mood is she might campaign to have a curse put on Rose."
"Especially for the honour of Jonathan Kensington's daughter," Ethan laughed. "Don't worry. We don't deal with curses here. Mom and Kris wouldn't allow it."
"Ann's not really into curses either," Spencer said, "except when Rose in any way neglects Lucy. Then she's dangerous."
The Kilborns and the Averys lived side by side, virtually in the middle of nowhere, just outside of Manotick, Ontario. All around the two small country cottages was a vast landscape of fields and trees, now covered in snow. At the end of the vast property was a cliff that looked down into a river valley.
"It doesn't look like much, but it's much bigger inside," Ethan said. "Mom and dad got special permission from the Magic Council to magically expand the inside provided they dismantle the enchantment if we ever move."
"Why not just build onto the back?" Spencer asked.
"That would be kind of plain for two Magical families," Kestra said. "And it would be a lot of expense and time for what could be done easier and cheaper with magic."
"It's gorgeous just the way it is," Lucy said decidedly. 
"Are you sure you'll have the room?" Ann asked as she and Cole got out of the car. "We could just stay for dinner and rent a car in town to drive home."
"There's lots of room," Kenneth Kilborn said opening the trunk of the car. "We wouldn't think of having you drive home on these roads in this weather. It can be very dark and very snowy. Especially when the wife won't let you magically illuminate the sky to see where you're going," he added to Cole.
"I hear you," Cole said. "Ann's already worrying about the kids breaking MC rules."
"The Magic Council keeps a pretty close eye on underage wizards and witches," Kenneth said. "I wouldn't worry about it for a couple of years yet."
* * * * * *
The inside of the Kilborn house was considerably different from the outside. For starters, the hallway extended widthwise over the driveway that separated it from the Avery house, connecting the two.
"There's a wall that's usually there, but dad dismantles it when company comes to make the house into one," Ethan said.
"What we wouldn't have done for a passage between our houses," Spencer said in awe. 
As expected, both living rooms were decorated from top to bottom and in the middle of the hallway was one large Christmas tree with glowing candles and sparkling balls that seemed to be silver bubbles.
"Can we come visit you during the summer?" Lucy asked Kestra softly.
Kestra smiled proudly, but her response was cut off by two young girls of about nine years old bounding down the hall. One was dark-haired like Kestra, the other had lighter hair, more resembling Ethan.
"My baby sister Kira and Ethan's baby sister Wendy," Kestra said, catching the dark-haired girl. "Did you miss me terribly?"
Kira nodded emphatically.
"Wendy and I didn't have anyone to play with," she said. 
"Can I come back with you?" Wendy asked her brother. "I can fit in your trunk."
"Wendy, you know you're too young," a light-haired woman said as she approached.
"This is my mom, Marina," Ethan said. "And that's my dad Warren," he nodded over to a short, heavily-bearded man in the kitchen doorway.
"Welcome to our home," Marina said. "I am so glad you accepted the children's invitation. Warren dear, perhaps you should go out and help Kenneth and Mr. Gilbert with the trunks?"
"Yes, dear," Warren said, kissing his wife as he passed.
"Please, it's Ann and Cole," Ann said. "Formal titles are used among business associates. Friends are usually on a first name basis."
"Quite right, Ann," Krista said. "Come in and make yourselves at home."
"I hope you don't mind I brought some of Lucy and Spencer's favourite Christmas treats," Ann said. "I brought enough for everyone."
"From the cases she has, there's enough for the entire school," Spencer commented softly.
"There's always room for more," Marina said. "In this house, there's rarely a scrap of food left after dinner."
 "Kira, Wendy go play," Krista said. "Leave Kes and Ethan to their guests."
"But Mom!" Kira whined.
"Just let me show my guests around a little and then we'll play," Kestra said. "Lucy and Spencer have never been in a M.C. house before."
"Come on, Kira. They're big time Calendrial students now," Wendy said half seriously. "Almost adults."
"Off you go," Marina scolded. "Go see what Julia and Martin are up to. Tell them we have guests."
"A quest!" Kira cried. "We're on it."
"Julia, Marty, people are here!" Kira and Wendy cried out as they ran off.
"I could have done that," Marina sighed.
"My two do exactly the same thing," Ann said.
* * * * * *
"Well, everything seems to be starting off smoothly," Kestra said as the four first years sat in the Kilborn living room while the grownups talked in the Avery living room.
"Maybe it'll ease Ann's mind," Lucy said. "She really was worried we wouldn't fit in."
"It's kind of strange that Ann and Cole were never part of the Magical world before," Ethan said. "They seem to feel at home and fit in. And to be asked to raise a young wizard..."
"You would have thought Lucy's dad would have made sure there was a wizard to watch over us," Spencer agreed.
"Boys think so complicated," Lucy sighed. "Of course, Dad was protecting us from the Grey Wizard. Obviously, if we grew up in a NMC environment, we would be safer because no one would know us till we could protect ourselves."
"But Lucy, that's just why some magical guardian would have been better," Kestra said. "If protection was a problem, a wizard or witch guardian would have been able to protect you."
"Of course we don't know that there wasn't magic protecting us," Spencer said. "Lucy's dad may have given them a charm of protection for that purpose."
"And he couldn't just take me away from Rose so he needed someone she trusted, I suppose," Lucy agree, "someone who would watch over both of us. Would your parents be able to tell us more about Jonathan Kensington and Scott and Serena?"
"Most definitely," Ethan said. "Should we join the party over there and see where the conversation takes us?"
"See what I mean?" Wendy asked as the four first years passed though the hall. "Practically grownups."
"It happened to Kerry," a fair-haired girl of about eleven said, "but to Kes and Ethan? I don't know."
"If you turn into a grown-up just because you go to Calendrial, I don't want to go," a fair-haired boy of about ten commented.
"Give us half a chance to defend ourselves and our Kid position. We only just got home," Kestra said. "Lucy, Spencer, this is Julia and Marty, Ethan's sister and brother."
"Okay, Wise Witch, prove you aren't a grown-up," Julia challenged. "Prove you haven't taken on Kerry's high and mighty way of..."
Her voice trailed off as Kerry ran up behind her and lifted her off her feet.
"High and mighty?" Kerry questioned, tickling the girl. "Did you say I was high and mighty?"
"You use to be," Kestra said with a laugh. "Now we don't know what's wrong with you."
"Uh oh come on, guys. We'll be safe in the living room with the grown-ups," Ethan said as Kerry set Julia down and moved for Kestra.
"See!" Kira said. "They feel safer with the grown-ups."
"And all the chocolate treats the visitors brought," Marty said. "Last one there is a rotten spell-caster!"
"Well my dears, it's about time you joined us," Marina said as the children joined the grown-ups. "Ann and Cole have been telling us how advanced you already were in your studies before you got your letter."
"I wouldn't say advanced," Lucy said. "I've only really dabbled. I've never done any spells."
"But she and Kestra are taking turns being the top students in most of our subjects," Spencer said.
"And we, as lowly sidekicks, sit back and bask in the glow of their increasing obsession with reading and studying," Ethan said.
"Meaning they kick back and let us do all the work," Kestra added.
"Not true," Spencer said. "We just let you answer the questions and do the make-work research."
"Now that sounds like Scott," Krista commented. "Make-work research is exactly what he called recreational reading."
"Did you know our parents?" Lucy asked.
"Of course," Marina said. "We were in school together."
"Marina had a crush on Jonathan for the longest time," Warren said with a smile.
"I did not," Marina denied.
"Scott, Serena and Jonathan were good friends," Krista said a little sadly, "loyal to both their friends and their ideals."
"They were top students," Kenneth said. "Everyone was sure Serena would stay as a teacher after graduation."
"Then Scott got the job at the Magic Council and plans changed," Marina said.
"Do you have any idea how my dad met my mom?" Lucy asked.
"It was at a costume party," Ann said. "We went without dates. That's where I met Cole and Rose met Jonathan."
"No one knew Rose wasn't from our world at first," Warren said. "She sure could fake it with all the magical facts she had on hand."
"My mother?" Lucy asked in surprise. "She doesn't believe in magic."
"She was like you at first," Cole said. "She didn't see any harm in the research because she believed it wasn't real."
"Most of her knowledge came from her interest in Mythology," Ann said. "She had no real knowledge of witchcraft."
"It came as quite a shock to both her and Jonathan when the truth came out," Marina added. "In fact, I believe it was a stumbling block in the beginning."
"She couldn't adjust to magic community life," Krista added. "Eventually, there was no magic permitted beyond their front door. It put quite a strain on Jonathan who was part of the Magic Council."
"But he adjusted," Kenneth put in. "She compromised to letting him practice magic and socialize in the Magical world as long as her family and friends remained oblivious."
"That's why I wasn't brought up as a witch," Lucy said. "He was appeasing her."
"Technically, he was living in her world," Ann said. "They were living in an all non-magic neighbourhood and her parents were no more accepting of magic than she and Jim are."
"Did you know Jonathan and my parents from the start?" Spencer asked.
"We met Scott and Serena, and Krista, Kenneth, Marina and Warren at the wedding," Cole said "We saw Scott and Serena once more at Lucy's first birthday."
"We knew Jonathan was a wizard," Ann added. "Rose confided in me. Then Jonathan told us the truth about his friends and his world."
"Why did Jonathan arrange for Spencer's adoption the way he did?" Ethan asked.
"To ensure he and Lucy were together and safe," Krista replied. "He wanted them to grow up together just as he, Scott and Serena had."
"He knew we'd take care of Rose too," Ann added. "She just about lost her mind when he left. I wish he could have told her why he was leaving. Not that she would have believed it."
"I'm sure he never foresaw Jim's arrival," Cole said, "or Rose's utter impossibleness."
"Wait a minute!" Lucy said. "Are you saying you knew and he knew he wasn't coming back?"
"I don't think he knew anything for sure," Cole replied. "But had he known what Rose's reaction would be, he might have told us more."
"I'm afraid that was impossible," Krista said. "He had no choice and Lucy was better off where she was."
"You've never met Rose and Jim," Spencer commented.
"A pure blood witch, born and raised in non-magic society, is better off oblivious," Warren said. "With no magical role models, they are easy prey for dark wizards and witches."
"Jonathan knew Scott and Serena weren't coming back," Marina said. "The magical world was dangerous for both of you without at least one of them."
"But why, if you were so close with them, didn't you take Lucy and Spencer in to raise in this world?" Kerry asked.
"We discussed it with Jonathan, but he felt it was in our best interest and that of the children not to displace Lucy and Spencer that much," Krista replied. "He didn't want us involved in his problems."
"Besides," Kenneth said, "Jonathan had no time for NMC legalities. The Magic Council would have granted him custody, but that wouldn't have meant anything to Rose."
"He couldn't take Lucy away from Rose at that time either," Ann said. "Regardless of what you both think, Rose does love Lucy."
"What did happen to the Addisons and Jonathan?" Kestra asked.
"They went away," Marina replied, a little distantly. "Now, I think it's time for certain children, Wendy and Marty, to get ready for bed and certain other children to spend at least an hour on their studies."
Krista nodded.
"I know for a fact that Madame Chantress always gives at least one research assignment over the holiday," she agreed. "So up you go. Let's not be working Christmas Eve or Day, or worse yet, the day before you return. Get your books and pick a spot. Kira, time for bed. Say goodnight."
But Kira didn't reply. In fact, she and Wendy were already curled up by the fireplace, fast asleep.
"Was it my imagination or did my mom openly avoid that last question?" Ethan asked, as the four first years left the room.
"They know more than they're saying," Kestra said. "That's for sure."
"But we have more than we started with," Spencer pointed out. "Let's not push our luck."
"And they know we know there's more to come," Lucy said. "I can handle assimilating this new information before we go on."




Chapter 11
The Plot Thickens
Christmas in Manotick was literally magical. Dishes were cleaned by invisible hands and floated to their spots in the cupboard. The candles on the tree never seemed to go out or melt down. And Christmas morning... was pretty much the same. Early morning, nine eager children raced downstairs to find the tree almost buried in presents and the adults already up. 
"Good morning, children," Krista said, coming out of the Kilborns' living room. "Merry Christmas."
"Well, go on," Kenneth said. "What are you waiting for?"
Within twenty minutes, the floor was littered with wrapping paper and the mountain of presents was destroyed. Both Lucy and Spencer were pleasantly surprised to find several presents for them and from them, some of which Ann had arranged to be bought through MC channels by Krista and Marina. Then just as the excitement began to die down, there was a tap on the front window. 
"Well, it's about time," Marina commented as she opened the window. A large owl flew in carrying a large basket. It hooted a little indignantly at her as it passed. "I was worried the snow would hold you up."
"Marina, he's beautiful," Ann said. "What an excellent choice."
Marina smiled and stroked the bird.
"He just called to me," she said. "I figured he would be able to keep up with these four."
"With us four?" Kestra asked.
"Mercury is for you four from Ann and Cole," Warren said.
"So you can keep us updated on your mischievous deeds," Cole said, "and you can keep in touch over the summer."
"Rose will flip when she finds out we're using an owl as a messenger," Lucy said, walking up to the bird.
"But it's the best way to keep in touch out here," Ethan said. "Thank you very much."
"What's in the basket?" Julia asked.
"That is a present from us four to the four newest Calendrial students," Krista said, opening the basket to reveal four jet black cats, each with a different colour collar and a small greyish patch of fur on one paw, each one a different shape. "Every wizard and witch needs a pet. Cats are very intelligent creatures and these were specially picked for each of you."
Ambrosia wore a ruby red collar and jumped from the basket when her name was called and walked gingerly over to Kestra. Neptune's collar was deep blue and moved directly for Ethan as soon as he was directed to. Spencer's cat was Vulcan, with a deep purple collar and Venus, with a deep pink collar, went to Lucy. It wasn't till late that night that the four Calendrial first years remembered the dream of the garden.
"Obviously, we were foretelling our gifts," Kestra said decidedly, early the next morning, as they sat talking.
"But why were there only two cats?" Lucy asked. "We all got cats."
"Because it wasn't certain we'd all get cats?" Ethan asked. "That's a pretty expensive gift. I wouldn't have been surprised or hurt if you and Spencer were the only ones who got them."
"Why would your parents get us cats and not you?" Spencer asked.
"Because you have returned!" Kestra said grandly. "You're newcomers. It's something our parents would do, especially knowing how close they were with your parents."
"I still say the dream meant something more," Lucy said.
"Could it be that the dream ended too soon?" Spencer asked, "Because it was interrupted by someone."
"Very possible," Ethan agreed. "It did end kind of quickly."
Lucy nodded thoughtfully as Venus leapt up into her lap and settled down.
"She's saying relax and let the answers come to you," Spencer said. "Searching for them will only frustrate you."
"That's quite an interpretation for one move," Lucy said stroking the cat.
"This is going to sound weird..." Spencer began.
"You heard it, didn't you?" Kestra said. "It was more of a voice in your mind than a thought."
Spencer nodded.
"How did you know?" Ethan asked.
"Because Kestra had the same experience," Lucy said. "We both did. Did you hear her too?"
Ethan nodded.
"Why didn't you tell us?" he asked.
"Because, after it happened, we weren't sure what to make of the experience," Kestra said. "Then, I guess, we got into our ride and we just forgot... Lucy, what's the matter?"
"The owl," Lucy said. "I was sure it was following us. It looked like the owl in the dream. I tried to put it out of my mind because I figured there was no reason for an owl to be following us, but..." She looked over at Mercury.
"Are you saying you think it was Mercury?" Ethan asked. "How? And why?"
"I don't know," Lucy replied. "But between the dream and the new presents and our riding experience... I don't like the coincidences."
"The Grey Wizard waited way too long to do anything now if he's watching at all," Spencer said. "We have the knowledge to protect ourselves. Of course, we may be looking at this all wrong. What if it's just a concerned person who's watching: like Miss Astral or Mr. Teller. He knows what this is all about, but he hasn't told us yet. What if he's just watching to make sure our research doesn't get us into trouble?"
"What if he's watching to make sure we don't find out what he doesn't want us to know?" Kestra asked.
"Both are possibilities, but I still say Mr. Teller is on our side," Ethan said. "Spencer, how would you like a game of Monopoly Live?"
"Live?" Spencer asked. "What, do the pieces move on their own?"
Ethan nodded.
"Watch it, Spence," Kestra warned as Ethan went upstairs to get the Monopoly game. "He's a competitive player."
"Oh don't worry about him," Lucy said. "Spencer cheats."
"I do not cheat!" Spencer objected "How can you cheat at a game like Monopoly."
"You haven't told me your secret yet," Lucy said "But I know."
* * * * * *
Christmas seemed too short. Before they knew it, the Calendrial students were packing to go back to school and begin studying for the end of term exams at the end of January. As promised, Mr. Juno gave the first years a chance to prove their skills on broomsticks and announced that for the rest of the term he would be available Saturday afternoons for those who passed to practice.
The classes in the second term were becoming more detailed in preparation for second year with the small exception of History which continued to be the place for Tempest and Aydanna students to sound off. Mr. Teller allowed a certain amount of these discussions provided they managed to relate their argument to the topic at hand. 
The overall favourite classes, however, were Meditation and Magical Defences. Ms. Mind rarely gave homework and Mrs. Kickback preferred to teach her lessons by playing various games. Mid March she brought the class to the part of the garden called the Maze for a game of hide and seek. 
"Magical Defence is stronger in a team," she explained. "The only way you can be a team is if you trust each other. This exercise is to practice such teamwork. You will divide into pairs and one partner will be hidden in the maze. The other partner will enter at the beginning of the maze and follow his or her instincts to the missing partner, who may stay put or follow their own instincts to reunite. No one may call out. No one may use travel spells or any other type of magic. This is about your instincts and your connection to your partner. Once you reunite, I will return you to the beginning and you may have the rest of the time off to visit the stables or greenhouses or the rest of the garden or you may chose to do it again. I will call you all back at the end of the class. First pair of each class to reunite gets 10 bonus marks."
That's how Kestra ended up sitting in the garden waiting for Ethan to come and find her. It was a warm day for mid march and the snow was quickly melting. At first, she decided just to wait, but waiting was boring. Finally, she decided to search for Ethan, whom she instinctively knew was close. That's when she heard the cold, familiar voice.
"She's in my class now," the voice said. "Nothing has changed."
Kestra looked around and saw the dark portal in the hedge. Carefully, she moved to the hedge, but hesitated to enter.
"I can't leave the class for long," the voice went on. "I will speak to her again after class. You'll have them by the end of the year."
Kestra heard movement on the other side of the portal, then a door closed. Despite the possible danger of the portal closing unexpectedly, Kestra finally ventured inside to see, or rather confirm, whose office it led to.
Quietly, Kestra approached the far end of the portal and stuck her head into Miss Stone's office which actually seemed like a forest glen with tree patterns on the wall and dark green foliage above. What Kestra didn't expect was the dark, fading mark on the far end wall, as though another portal was just closing. Suddenly, a cold feeling washed over Kestra and she decided she'd seen enough. Just as she returned to the garden, however, she heard a low laugh, though she knew there had been no one in the room. Kestra suddenly felt a desperate urge to find Ethan quickly. The laugh was evil and made her feel she wasn't safe alone. She and Ethan were both out of breath as they reunited a few moments later.
"What's the matter?" Ethan asked. "Suddenly, I felt panic, like you were being cornered."
"I'm not sure I wasn't being watched," Kestra said. "We were wrong. Miss Stone isn't after Lucy. She's after Jillian and she promised to deliver her to someone by the end of the year."
* * * * * *
"But who is she working with?" Spencer asked, as they returned to the castle for Mythology. "And why Jillian?"
"Hey, whoever wants her, can have her," Lucy said. "It's not our job to watch out for the little princess."
"I think it is," Kestra said. "That's the second time a rogue portal has led us to Stone. I don't believe in coincidences." She shivered again. "Jillian is in danger and our connection..." she tapped the mark on her hand, "is making it our problem."
"Granted the Wells family has enemies to spare," Ethan said, "but who would be this covert and how could it possibly connect to us?"
"The Grey Wizard is a connection to me and Lucy," Spencer said. "He seems to be connected to the marks too."
"And he might work that covertly if he was on the move," Lucy added. "But why Jillian?"
"And Blair," Kestra added. "Remember, 'he will follow'."
"You'll hate me for this suggestion, but we need to go tell Mr. Teller," Ethan said. "If Jillian is in danger, he needs to know."
"And if he's working with Stone, we'll be in trouble," Kestra added.
"Come on, Kes. We can't watch Jillian's back," Spencer said. "We promised Teller..."
"Yeah well, that was a little premature." Lucy said. "Blair's her protector. He needs to know."
"Are you mad?" Ethan asked. "Even if you could talk to him without Jillian, he'd go right to her and she'd tell Chantress we've been uttering threats. No. Teller is our only choice."
"To tell what exactly?" Kestra asked. "Excuse me, Sir, but while I was hiding in the garden, I heard someone talking about a student, who I think was Jillian Wells, but I can't be sure, because I didn't hear her name mentioned..."
"Kes," Spencer cut in, "as far fetched as you think it sounds, Teller will believe you. He knows more about this situation than the average teacher. He'll take us seriously."
"While he questions why I was listening at a portal again," Kestra said.
"Exactly. We did tell him about the first time unwillingly and it might lead him to suspect we're up to something more," Lucy added. "No. I'm going to approach Blair first. If he doesn't listen, then I'll consider Teller."
"You're out of your mind. Both of you," Ethan declared. "There's no way Blair won't use it against us to impress Jillian. He's a Tempest student."
They reached Mr. Teller's Mythology class.
"But he is Jillian's boyfriend and might take it more seriously than she would," Kestra said.
"Take what seriously?" a voice asked behind them.
The four first years turned to see Mr. Teller smiling at them.
"I hope you four are still playing nice with Miss Wells and Mr. Montford."
"Actually, Sir..." Spencer began, then caught Lucy's eye and frowned. "We overheard someone talking about a mean trick they were going to play on Jillian and Blair. In good faith, we thought we'd pass it on to Blair and see what he does with the information."
"I see," Mr. Teller said slowly. "And may I ask who the culprits are?"
"We're not sure," Kestra said. "I heard it around a corner, but when I got there, they were gone."
"I see," Mr. Teller said again. "Well, I applaud the gesture, but please let me know if he disregards or takes it the wrong way. I wouldn't want to see you get in trouble for something you didn't do."
"We'll let you know, Sir," Lucy said. "We promise."
"Good," Mr. Teller said. "Okay, everybody. Let's begin."
"He knew we weren't telling the truth," Ethan said. "He didn't press for enough information."
"You're turning us into liars, girls," Spencer said. "I don't like it."
"We were told to be very cautious about who we trusted," Lucy replied.
"Yeah, he told us that," Ethan returned.
"That means nothing," Kestra returned. "He says he knows our task, but he's holding back. It's not a sign of trust."
"Maybe he has good reason," Spencer suggested.
"Maybe he's not sure we can handle the truth," Ethan agreed.
"What truth?" Lucy questioned impatiently.
"The truth that he's watching us closely," Kestra replied with a shiver. "He's letting us lie to him, but he knows our motives aren't as trivial as we make them out to be. He's not pushing so we don't ask too many questions."
* * * * * *
Speaking to Blair alone was easier said than done even as determined as she was, but Lucy finally found her moment. He was waiting for Jillian outside the girls bathroom as Lucy passed.
"I need to talk to you," Lucy said.
"Jillian will be out in a minute," Blair said. "Don't leave your threats or insults with me."
"I'm serious," Lucy said. "There isn't much time. I have reason to believe that the Grey Wizard is after you and Jillian."
"Really?" Blair asked. "And why is that?"
"It's because of these," Lucy said, grabbing Blair's hand and pointing to the mark. "I don't have all the answers, but whatever you do keep her away from Miss...."
"Ready, Blair?" Jillian asked. "What's it this time, Kensington. Taken to threatening us individually?"
"Actually, Jilly, I was trying to be nice," Lucy said. "I know Miss Stone offered you the same position she offered me. Beware of Greeks bearing gifts. As you said, the offer isn't genuine."
"What are you talking about?" Jillian demanded.
"Ask Blair," Lucy said. "He understands."
"Why?" Blair asked. "What's your angle?"
"Not sure yet," Lucy said. "We just feel you should know."
"We?" Jillian questioned.
"Proof?" Blair asked.
"Got none," Lucy said. "But honestly, I have much better things to do than make up stories like this."
"Message received," Blair said. "I'll decide if I believe you later."
"Believe what?" Jillian demanded.
"You may not be as stupid as you look," Lucy said. "I'll leave you to your princess before she tantrums again."
"Blair!" Jillian said impatiently. "What did she say?"
"Lucy," Blair called. "Who..."
"Just us four," Lucy replied. "My advice. Keep it that way."
"Blair!" Jillian snapped.
"Let's go, Jill," Blair said. "I'll tell you in our common room."
"Do you think he believed you?" Spencer asked, coming up behind Lucy as Jillian and Blair left.
"He's not sure yet," Lucy replied. "But I've done all I can."
Unfortunately, there was much more to be done than the four Aydanna first years realized. The next task arose after a Magical Creatures class. Lucy and Kestra brought Spencer and Ethan to meet the Pegasus. Mr. Juno was standing at the opening to the stall as Mr. Canus tried to approach. The Pegasus whinnied nervously and reared back and kicked with its front legs.
"What's the problem?" Kestra asked.
"I've been trying to check her wing, but she won't let us near," Mr. Juno. "Miss Kilborn, please stay back..."
But Kestra stepped into the stall, whispering softly. Within seconds, the Pegasus calmed and allowed Kestra to approach.
"You can approach her now," Kestra said, stroking the Pegasus' nose. "She's just a little nervous. This is her first baby."
"You need to spend more time in the stables, Miss Kilborn," Mr. Canus said approaching. "You have a rare gift with animals."
"And that isn't something Mr. Canus sees in many first years," Mr. Juno commented.
"She's healing nicely," Mr. Canus said, examining the wing.
"It feels stiff," Ethan said. "She's used to more space."
"I see we have more than one first year with this gift," Mr. Juno said.
"Over Christmas, we discovered we all had it," Spencer said. "We aren't sure why."
"Perhaps it's an indication that you should concentrate on that as your education further," Mr. Canus said, straightening up. "Normally, we don't ask first years to help out in the stables during their free time because of your inexperience, however, your performance in my class is exemplary and this animal seems more comfortable with you. We could use your help."
"It's purely voluntary, of course," Mr. Juno said. "We can't offer any salary or extra marks."
"Not necessary, Sir," Lucy said approaching the Pegasus. "Just promise you'll keep us informed of her condition."
"Done," Mr. Canus said. "If all goes well, I believe this new mother should have her baby before the end of term. I'd appreciate it if you would tell me if she's in any discomfort I don't sense. That goes for any of the animals."
"We'll do our best, Sir," Kestra said. "We're still learning, though. We're not sure we can talk to all animals."
"Well then, you'll have a chance to test out your gift," Mr. Canus said. "It's not something you should let lie unpractised. I don't mean to over emphasize this, but your gift is very, very rare. Cherish it."
"Now, why don't you four go off to lunch," Mr. Juno said. "Maybe you could spend your study period on Friday here instead of the library. Miss Astral would see it as study time."
"I'll go with that," Spencer said.
"Of course, the library is Kes' favourite place," Ethan added.
Kestra smiled.
"I think I can make an exception," she replied.




Chapter 12
Secrets and Shadows
As time passed it became apparent that Jillian was not going to take action against her four favourite Aydanna enemies, but it was also pretty clear she was not going to heed their warnings. In fact, ever since she'd found Blair talking to Lucy, she was acting even more like the high class social royalty she thought she was.  The reason for this, apart from her delusions of grandeur, revealed itself one Saturday in April during the first year's flying lesson. These lessons, unlike the normal class lessons, were open to all first years of all four class groups. This was a bit of a sore point for some Aydanna students who expected not to have to compete with Tempest. So it wasn't a popular surprise, on the first Saturday, as the Aydanna students arrived to find the Tempest students already arriving. But while some students learned to live with the arrangement, some took a more vocal approach.
"This is disgraceful," Jillian said loudly as she usually did at the beginning of Saturday classes. "These should be private lessons, like the ones during week."
"Are you afraid you might find out someone is better than you, Wells? Lucy asked.
"Well I know you won't be, Kensington," Jillian returned.
"Ladies," Mr. Juno said, "we go through this every week. I repeat, you do not have to be here if you can not handle this arrangement. I am not willing to provide a separate class for each class group. I have too many other classes to deal with. Now, for the last time, learn to live with it or you can leave."
"I can certainly live with it, Sir," Lucy said. "My wish to learn far outweighs my distaste for certain classmates."
"I appreciated that, Miss Kensington," Mr. Juno said. "Miss Wells, do you think you can learn to adjust?"
"Of course," Jillian said.
"GOOD," Mr. Juno said. "Let's begin."
"Kissing up to Mr. Juno won't help you, Kensington," Jillian said softly. "When all is said and done, you are NMC born and will never understand the true power our world brings.
Lucy laughed a little.
"Really, Jilly," Lucy said. "I think I have adjusted quite well under the circumstances. Of course, I have learned to conceal the power to hold back and not flaunt my magical heritage, like some."
Jillian shook her head and sighed.
"Poor simple little girl," she said. "This far into the year and she doesn't have a clue what her magical heritage really is."
"What are you talking about?" Lucy asked. .
"You'll never understand the power you hold," Jillian said. "I doubt you could control it if you did."
"Is this a pep talk or are you gloating about information you know?" Lucy asked suspiciously.
"Don't mess with me, Kensington," Jillian said. "You have no idea what a simple little... well, we'll let you figure that out. Oh and by the way, stay away from my boyfriend. I don't know how you put the ideas he's had into his head, but I assure you they didn't work. I wasn't scared by your news flash."
"Well, I tried," Lucy said. "If you're too dense to accept a genuine warning when you hear one, well, that's not my problem. Though, I assume you didn't turn me in to Chantress because of what Mr. Teller asked you to do. Or maybe you weren't sure it was a lie and you'd look very foolish if you turned me in for nothing.
"Don't think I didn't consider turning you in," Jillian said. "But I have much more important things to do than to deal with you. You and Kilborn may head the year and may even top the honour role, but that's one year. Next year, when I figure out how all this works, you won't be able to catch up with me."
"Miss Wells. Miss Kensington. Are we ready?" Mr. Juno asked.
"Of course, Sir," Lucy said. "Just let me move so I don't get distracted."
"What a good idea," Mr. Juno said dryly.
"What was that about?" Spencer whispered.
"She knows something," Lucy said. "She's itching to tell me, but she was also having fun taunting me with it. I'll tell you later."
"Better not even look her way," Spencer said, "or Juno will throw you both out."
"Not if I can help it," Lucy replied.
* * * * * *
"She kept talking about power and how much more she had than me," Lucy explained after class. "It was on the tip of her tongue to tell me, but she was having too much fun taunting me."
"Jillian Wells is full of herself," Ethan said. "She has no more power than we do. As you said, she was just taunting you."
"Did she happen to mention where she thought this power came from?" Kestra asked.
"Well, that's where I suspected that she was telling me something," Lucy said. "She said it all had to do with a little simple... and then she stopped and didn't say what."
"Mark, perhaps?" Spencer asked. "Is she possibly trying to say that the mark presents some kind of power we aren't aware of?"
"Could that be why we can talk to the animals?" Ethan added. "But then she wouldn't find that fascinating."
"No, but if that was the only power it enhanced, she might think it means higher powers," Kestra added. "Funny, I don't feel powerful."
"She may not either," Spencer said. "She may just think there's more power because she's on a power trip constantly."
"She did warn me that she planned to surpass us all academically and competitively next year when she figured out how this power worked," Lucy said. "And if she does have an extra power, it would be a reason for the Grey Wizard to target her."
"According to what I've read so far, the Grey Wizard keeps a low profile," Kestra said. "He's in very few history books. It's very hard to research his reasons."
"There is one person who might be able to tell us," Ethan said. "We could even ask in class so as not divulge forbidden information."
Spencer laughed.
"Nicely put," he said. "What do you say? History this week? We ask Teller about the Grey Wizard. It would give us and Jillian and Blair the information without risking another encounter."
Lucy looked at Kestra who nodded.
"Okay, you've won this one," she said. "On Wednesday, we'll ask Mr. Teller to tell us a story about the Grey Wizard."
* * * * * *
"That's not generally a topic of normal conversation," Mr. Teller said upon the request. "The Grey Wizard is a very powerful man who likes his privacy, which I expect you already know."
"I was told he might have had something to do with..." Lucy began then stopped as she glanced at Jillian. "We were wondering if you could tell us why he's so intent on privacy. Is he really a dark Wizard?"
"He is considered a dark wizard," Mr. Teller acknowledged. "You have to understand. The Grey Wizard is more power hungry than actually anything else. He's not above using dark magic to get what he wants but he's not a 'kill everyone I see to get what I want' kind of guy. He'd rather have slaves and power than kill for the heck of it. At least that was how he used to be. Nowadays, he's not so powerful because he has been taken down a couple of pegs by other Wizards and his view may have changed over the years. But don't be deceived, he is still dangerous."
"Who took him down?" Kestra asked.
"A group of Wizards and Witches who believed that he was attempting controlling too much of the magical community and turning it into a dark society," Mr. Teller replied. "He is very weak now and doesn't have much fight left in him."
"But he will rise again," Jillian said. "When he regains his strength."
"It's possible," Mr. Teller admitted. "But that's not likely to be for a long time. Really, at this point, he would require a BIG power boost and in order to get that power boost he would have to retain the services of several powerful wizards or witches. In order to do that, he would have to show himself to have the power to open the portal from his world to this one. That's just not possible right now."
"So he doesn't live in this world?" Spencer asked. "Where does he live then?"
"He doesn't live in this world physically," Mr. Teller replied. "He's in what is known as a time realm. It exists in a space of a different time than this one. Kind of like an astral plane or another dimension."
"Has anyone tried to open the portal from this time?" Blair asked.
"It's been attempted," Mr. Teller replied. "With disastrous results, I might add. The portal has a specific sealing spell. Only those who took him down and put him there know how to open it."
"Do you mean he's a prisoner there?" Ethan asked.
"In a sense," Mr. Teller replied. "If he had the strength, he could free himself or if an outsider knew the spell, they could free him. But that knowledge remains with those who subdued him and they aren't telling."
"Who did take him down?" Lucy asked.
"As I said, a group of Wizards and Witches who were looking out for the welfare of the Magical Community. No different than other freedom loving people who are willing to die to stop a bully. We can't assume that the Grey Wizard is the only bully mind you but..."
"If the Grey Wizard were to rise along side any others such bullies..." Jillian began.
"The magical world would have war among themselves and between them and the non-magic world," Mr. Teller replied.
* * * * * *
"She still doesn't get it," Spencer said as they left the class. "She wants the 'dark wizard' to rise."
"Miss Kensington," Mr. Teller called. "Mr. Addison. May I see you four in my office?"
Lucy and Kestra glared a little at Ethan and Spencer as Mr. Teller ushered them into his office.
"I won't keep you," he said. "I was curious about your questions. Have you had occasion to worry about the Grey Wizard's return?"
"We were told my parents might have been killed by the Grey Wizard," Spencer replied. "I was curious."
"I see," Mr. Teller said. "Well, you understand, there was no real proof that he did kill your parents. As far as the report goes, they were lost at sea after the plane crash."
"We know," Lucy said. "But we just thought it was worth asking. I understand my father may have disappeared at his hand too."
"That I can't confirm or deny either," Mr. Teller replied. "I'm sorry, kids. I wish I could tell you more."
"We're used to it," Spencer said. "With the queens of the library here, we've gotten used to asking questions with little hope of answers."
Mr. Teller laughed.
"I understand," he said. "But research is not a bad thing. Who knows? One day, you might just find the information you're looking for."
"Thank you, Sir," Lucy said. "We hope so."
Silence fell for a moment, then Kestra looked at her friends.
"Sir," she said, "we were wondering if you could clear up something else for us. Have you heard about our new jobs in the stables?"
"Yes, I have," Mr. Teller said. "I'm quite impressed. What's more Mr. Canus is impressed and he is very discriminating about which students can help him. Why do you ask?"
"Did he tell you all four of us have the ability to communicate with animals?" Ethan asked.
"He did mention something of the sort," Mr. Teller said.
"Well, sir, we were wondering if..." Kestra said, but hesitated.
"If you could tell us if that power has anything to do with the symbols?" Ethan finished. "Kes and I come from a magical family, as you know, but we've never had this ability till we got the pendants. Is it possible the symbols carry extra powers or abilities?"
"I suppose it's possible," Mr. Teller said. "It would certainly explain your new found knack for animal care."
He looked over at Lucy who seemed to be studying him suspiciously.
"Something wrong, Miss Kensington?" he asked.
"No, Sir," Lucy said. "Just listening thoughtfully. Trying to put it all together. If you'll excuse us, we'll be late for our Greenhouse lesson."
"Of course," Mr. Teller said. He pulled out a piece of paper and wrote a quick note. "Give this to Bessie. She'll understand."
"Thank you, Sir," Kestra said, taking the note. 
Lucy was very silent as they left the castle for the Greenhouses. Finally, Spencer couldn't stand it.
"Okay, out with it, Luce," he said. "What's your suspicion now?"
"He was holding back," Lucy said. "He didn't want to confirm that the marks hold a greater power. He didn't want to lie to us either, but he really doesn't want us to know what this is all about."
"Why?" Ethan asked. "Why would he offer to tell us something then avoid telling us every time we ask?"
"You tell us," Kestra said. "You boys trust him so much."
"I'll admit" Spencer said, "I'm starting to have my doubts. I know he knows more than he's saying, but he is also holding back."
"Maybe he's afraid we can't handle the information," Ethan said. "All at once, I mean. Maybe he's still trying to figure out what to tell us now and what's okay to leave for us to find out on our own."
"But why can't he just tell us and take his chances?" Lucy asked. "What is so dangerous about us knowing our true destinies?"
"That may also be in the answers he has," Kestra said. "Now you boys understand why we're so cautious?"
"We understood then, Kes," Ethan said. "We just didn't think it was necessary to be so cautious."
"Now we can see your point even more," Spencer said, "but my gut feeling is he's still a friendly."
"He might be," Lucy said, "but what's a friend without a little give and take. Why should we trust him, if he doesn't trust us?"
"Because he's our only clue," Kestra said. "Then again, we're doing pretty good on our own."
"And something tells me that worries him too," Ethan added.
"Time will tell," Spencer said. "Either he'll find it in him to tell us the truth or we'll find the truth ourselves. We'll stick to your caution trend, but we'll keep an eye on him just as he's keeping an eye on us. I'd say turn about is fair play, wouldn't you."
* * * * * * 
April ended and May began and the quest of the mysterious marks became temporarily less important as the final two games of Broom Hockey quickly approached. 
Aydanna, in second place for the Broom Hockey finals, was playing Thalassa. Tempest, though failing to win both games against Aydanna, had managed to strong arm its way into first place and would be playing Kelsea. Even Thalassa and Kelsea students admitted the finals in June were destined to be Aydanna versus Tempest. But it was anybody's guess who would come out on top in Broom Hockey.
It was at the Aydanna versus Thalassa on the second weekend in May, that trouble began to brew again. 
"It's going to be a beautiful day flying," Kestra said as they sat down in the stadium.
"We should take Pegasus out for some exercise today," Lucy said. "She needs to spread her wings."
"I thought Mr. Juno suggested against riding her till the baby was born," Spencer said.
"She didn't say anything about riding her, Spence," Ethan said teasingly. "She's just going to run around flapping her wings."
"Mr. Canus said she needs to regain strength," Kestra said. "And he suggested it, but he said to use our instincts."
"Oh boy, this special assignment is going to your head," Ethan sighed. "Well, if she has the baby in the air, I want it known that I had nothing to do with it."
"Uh oh, Lucy's got that worried look on her face," Spencer said. "Something on your mind, Miss Kensington?"
"Jillian isn't here," she said, looking over at the Tempest stands. "Neither is Blair."
"It's Aydanna versus Thalassa, Luce," Spencer said. "Maybe she's just not interested since her class is not participating."
"No," Lucy said. "Something's wrong. She wasn't at breakfast either."
Kestra scanned the crowd, then rose and scanned the view of the grounds beyond.
"You're right," she said. "Miss Stone is headed towards the woods. Come on, Luce. We can see better from the sky."
"Come on, girls. Just because Stone is headed for the forest doesn't mean she's making a move on Jillian," Ethan said.
"Stay here and watch the game then," Lucy said rising. "If you see Jillian, don't let her out of your sight. We'll meet you back there shortly."
She turned to follow Kestra and bumped right into Mr. Teller.
"Whoa, where's the fire?" he asked with a laugh. "Aren't you girls going to watch the game?"
"Forgot to do something in the stables," Lucy said, moving past him. "Can't talk."
"Better run then," Mr. Teller said, sitting down beside the boys. "What did they forget to do?"
"We don't ask," Spencer said. "We just wait for instructions and, if there are none, we stay put."
Mr. Teller laughed.
"Well, I hope whatever it isn't serious," he said.
"They're bordering neurotic sometimes, Sir," Ethan said. "They'll get there, find out they didn't forget whatever they think they forgot, because they check and double-check everything as usual, and come back looking sheepish and ready for teasing."
"Or to cover the mistake they'll stay and pamper the guest," Spencer added, "and have a tall tale for us later."
"The Pegasus," Mr. Teller nodded. "She's our most famous visitor this year. Well, boys, I suggest you sit back and enjoy the game. I hear the power of the Pegasus more than outweighs the excitement of sports events."
* * * * * *
"They think we're overreacting," Lucy said breathlessly, as they reached the stables.
"They just want to watch the game," Kestra said opening the stall.
The Pegasus spread her wings, but didn't back away as Kestra approached.
"She says she's up for it," Kestra reported.
"Are we too heavy for her?" Lucy asked. "We don't want to hurt you."
The Pegasus shook her mane, then knelt down to let both girls mount her. The Pegasus rose and walked out of the stable.
"Hang on," Lucy said. "This isn't going to be anything like riding a broom or a horse."
"Yeah, there's nothing really to hang on to," Kestra agreed as the Pegasus took off. "Over the forest. We're not sure what we're looking for."
Soaring high over the forest, the girls could see and hear the Broom Hockey perfectly.
"This is one vantage point few people will get at a Broom Hockey game," Lucy said over the rushing sound of the wind and the swoosh of the wings.
"I just hope Mr. Juno doesn't see us up here," Kestra said "He didn't say not to ride her but he didn't say we could either."
"Don't listen so closely to those two," Lucy said. "Besides, Teller might have held us up if they didn't stay behind. Kes, look down at that area of trees. Does it look odd to you?"
Kestra looked down at a dark patch in the already dark growth of trees below them.
"Can we get any lower?" Kestra asked the Pegasus.
The winged horse swooped down closer to the trees where there was definitely a square block of trees that seemed to have been magically altered.
"It's a portal," Lucy said, leaning over the side.
"You're pulling the Pegasus off balance, Luce," Kestra said. "Don't lean so..."
At that moment, Lucy slid off the horse.
"LUCY!" Kestra cried, pulling out her wand and trying to slow the fall. But Lucy hit the portal and disappeared into the trees. "Come on, Pegasus! We need to get the boys!"
* * * * * *
Suddenly, Spencer glanced over towards the woods.
"What's wrong?" Ethan asked softly, but then he felt Kestra's fear.
"Let's go check on the girls," Spencer said.
"Problem, boys?" Mr. Teller asked.
"No, sir," Spencer said. "We just need to check on something."
"Have your sidekicks gotten into mischief?" Mr. Teller asked jokingly.
Ethan laughed.
"Hope not," he replied.
Mr. Teller watched the boys leave, then jumped as a black cat jumped up onto his lap.
"Well, Ambrosia," he said. "Are you here to tell me what I already know?"
Ambrosia meowed and looked over at a second cat, Neptune, who had jumped onto the seat beside him.
"They know more than I give them credit for, don't they," Mr. Teller said. "We'll have to do something about that."
Neptune meowed as the cats jumped down.
"Of course," Mr. Teller replied, rising. "First, let's see what our young detectives have gotten into."
* * * * * * 
Kestra was waiting for the boys at the edge of the forest.
"Lucy fell from the Pegasus," she sobbed. "I couldn't stop her."
"Slow down, Kes. We'll find her," Ethan said. "What happened?"
"We saw what looked like a portal in the forest canopy," Kestra said. "Lucy leaned too far and lost her grip."
"Can you find the portal again?" Spencer asked. "From down here?"
"I think so," Kestra replied. "Go, Pegasus. The forest is no place for an expecting mother."
The Pegasus shook her mane.
"We'll be fine," Ethan said, as Spencer headed for the forest with Kestra right behind, wands at the ready. "Go. You've had your workout. You need to rest."
The Pegasus still hesitated, then moved back towards the stables.
"I'm sorry, Spencer. I tried to stop her..." Kestra said.
"We should have stopped you both," Spencer said. "This is really above and beyond our responsibility."
"That's the only way the girls work," Ethan sighed. "Besides, if Jillian is in trouble, there's no time to make a confession to Mr. Teller. Especially now that Lucy has taken one step too far into the middle of this."
Spencer nodded.
"But if we turn out to be wrong and Jillian and Lucy aren't in trouble..." he began
"We're going to Mr. Teller," Ethan finished.
Kestra looked at the boys and nodded.
"Agreed," she said. "Stay alert. This forest isn't safe."




Chapter 13
Miss Stone's Office
Lucy woke in a dimly lit room, or what she thought was a room, till she realized she was sitting, hands tied behind her, against a tree. Then she realized she was in the dark forest and remembered what had happened. She'd fallen from the Pegasus, but something or someone had slowed her as she descended. The impact, when she hit the portal, had knocked her unconscious.
Looking around, Lucy noticed her crystal wand lay on a small table to her left. To her right, Blair and Jillian were becoming semi-conscious. 
"You gave me quite a start, Miss Kensington," a cold familiar voice said. "Falling right through my roof. I almost didn't catch you in time. Pity, we were going to leave you for now."
"Then just let me go," Lucy replied.
Miss Stone emerged from the shadows.
"We both know you were looking for me, Miss Wells and Mr. Montford," she said. "I can't possibly let you go with the knowledge that you were smarter than we assumed."
"What's going on here?" Jillian demanded, struggling against the ropes that bound her hands. She looked over at Lucy. "You! You led me into a trap!"
"Shut up, Wells," Lucy growled. "I'm as helpless as you are here."
"Quite true," Miss Stone said.
"Miss Stone," Jillian gasped. "She led me astray."
"You're really the brains behind this couple, aren't you?" Lucy asked Blair. "You think, she talks."
Blair didn't reply.
"Let me give you a hint, Jilly. She's the villain," Lucy said. "Like I told you."
"Villain is so harsh," Miss Stone said. "I prefer to think of it as a recruiter," She waved a hand and a cauldron appeared. "Now, if you'll excuse me, this potion is complicated."
"What potion would that be?" Jillian demanded.
"You, my dear, have been chosen to become a servant of the Grey Wizard," Miss Stone said. "Your power and that of your boyfriend will greatly increase the Grey Wizard's rise."
"If the Grey Wizard is so anxious to have worshippers, why didn't you just ask us," Jillian demanded.
"Because you talk too much," Lucy snapped.
"That and I don't believe you'd willingly follow through in the end," Miss Stone replied.
"You could care less about us in general," Blair guessed. "The Grey Wizard wants to drain us of the power of the Gods of the Underworld."
"I believe Miss Kensington is right," Miss Stone said. "You are the brains behind this couple. Yes, Mr. Montford, the Grey Wizard will drain your power, but you won't be killed. You will live to worship him and gather others to add to his power."
"Never!" Jillian snapped.
"Does she ever shut up?" Lucy asked.
"Jill," Blair said softly, "stay calm. We won't become the Grey Wizard's Zombies."
"What are you going to do with her?" Jillian demanded.
"That has yet to be decided," Miss Stone replied. "Now, please be silent or I will silence you."
"It's not in her to be quiet that long, Miss," Lucy muttered as she closed her eyes and silently called out for Spencer who she knew was approaching. 
* * * * * *
Spencer stopped short as he felt Lucy nearby.
"It was around here," Kestra said almost certainly.
"But if it was a portal, it could lead anywhere," Ethan said.
"She's near," Spencer said, "but she's in trouble."
He stepped forward, but stopped as a sleek, furry animal jumped in front of him.
"Vulcan!" Kestra gasped. "What are you doing here?"
Vulcan looked up at Spencer.
"I have to go after her," Spencer said. "She's my best friend. Danger or not I'm going."
Vulcan still hesitated, but finally bounded down the path.
"I take it he's not going to argue," Ethan said as they followed quickly. "I believe he's even got a plan for us."
* * * * * *
Several minutes after summoning the cauldron, Miss Stone turned back to her prisoners. Now she was holding a large crystal.
"It is done," she said, putting the crystal on the table. "Now, we'll begin the process." 
She approached Jillian and magically pulled her to her feet.
"No!" Blair said. "Take me first. I have the only power you need."
Miss Stone laughed and pushed Jillian back to the ground. Blair rose, without struggling, and approached the table.
"No!" Jillian cried. "Blair, don't! Do something, Lucy!"
"What do you suggest?" Lucy muttered. "Spencer, where are you..." Suddenly, she jumped as something furry brushed her hand.
"Don't move," a voice in her head said softly. "I don't want to bite you."
"Venus," Lucy sighed softly.
"Shhh, Mistress," the cat's thoughts came through as clear as though she was speaking out loud. "When your hands are free, move slowly."
Lucy felt a long cold object being placed in her hand.
"What are you doing!" Jillian demanded. "What is that?"
Miss Stone handed a goblet of liquid taken from the cauldron.
"The potion will connect him to the stone," she said. "The stone will draw the power. Drink."
"No!" Jillian cried out as Blair obeyed. 
Soon a grey mist began to surround Blair.
"Touch the crystal," Miss Stone commanded.
"Anseo crystal," Lucy cried, pointing her wand at the crystal which flew into her hands.
"What the..." Miss Stone demanded. "Give me that stone, Girl!"
"Don't give it to her," Venus said. "But don't break it or you'll kill the boy."
Miss Stone reached for her wand, but just as she moved to summon the crystal back, an owl swooped down and took it from Lucy.
"You have sealed your fate, girl!" Miss Stone snapped, waving a hand and throwing Lucy back against a tree. Suddenly, she froze as a low laughter filled the air.
"Calm yourself, Miss Stone," a voice boomed. "The crystal is only one tool."
"Master, you can't," Miss Stone argued. "You won't survive the move."
"Open a portal, Miss Stone," the voice said. "Send him to me. Then prepare both ladies for the transfer."
"Both..." Miss Stone began, then she looked back at Lucy.
"Yes, Lucinda," the voice said. "She has the power that will bring me back to full strength."
"Then take her!" Jillian begged. "Leave me and Blair..."
"Silence!" Miss Stone snapped. She drew a symbol in the air.
"Cuir Parilis Ar!" Kestra cried.
Miss Stone froze, paralyzed by Kestra's spell.
"Luce!" Spencer cried, rushing to Lucy's side.
"I'm fine," Lucy said getting up gingerly. "Just a little sore."
The laughter filled the air again.
"You are powerful for first years," the voice said. 
A wind blew past and Miss Stone moved again and finished the symbol.
"What are you waiting for!" Jillian snapped. "Stop her and untie me."
"Stop her, yes," Ethan said. "Untie you..." He looked at Lucy who shook her head. "Sit tight, Jilly."
Kestra raised her wand again, but Miss Stone was already opening the portal. Another wind began to blow.
"Kes, any suggestions?" Spencer asked over the howl of the wind.
"No time to think," Lucy said. "Concentrate. Visualize. Stop that door from opening," As she spoke, she raised her wand and pointed it at the dark void that Miss Stone was forming.
The laughter filled the air again.
"You aren't that powerful, Children," the voice said. "Do you honestly think that being the child of Jonathan Kensington could possibly give you the power necessary to defeat me?"
"Of course not," Spencer said raising his wand. "But I suspect the powers of the War Gods and Hunter Gods would do it."
"You picked the wrong kids to challenge," Ethan agreed as he and Kestra joined the fight. 
Soon the light from the four wands began to overpower the dark void and the wind began to falter.
"NO!" the voice cried out. "You can't..."
"Yes we can!" Kestra cut in. "You aren't welcome here!"
Then as suddenly as it began, the void and wind disappeared along with the room and Miss Stone and the ropes that bound Jillian's hands. Blair fell to his knees as the mist around him disappeared. Jillian cried out and raced to his side.
"What have you done to him!" she demanded, picking up her wand which had dropped to the ground as the table disappeared. 
"Are you blind?" Lucy snapped. "We just saved your life."
"So you say now," Jillian snapped. "But you weren't surprised by this situation. You knew she was after me. You helped her, didn't you!" 
"Jill," Blair said breathlessly. "Let's just get out of here."
"No!" Jillian said. "I'm turning them in! They are responsible for this! Take their wands!"
Blair stumbled to his feet.
"I don't think that'll be necessary, Mr. Montford," a voice said 
The six first years looked around as Mr. Teller emerged from the shadows, with his wand raised, accompanied by Neptune and Ambrosia.
"Mr. Teller, I insist you do something!" Jillian began.
"Of course, Miss Wells," Mr. Teller said. "Have a good rest."
A beam of light shot from Mr. Teller's wand and Blair and Jillian collapsed.
"Fortunately, you won't remember that or I'd hear about it forever. You're obviously not ready to handle this information," Mr. Teller said looking down on the motionless figures Then he moved towards the four remaining children. "Are you four okay?" 
"A little drained, but unhurt," Ethan said. "Your timing could be better, Sir. The Grey Wizard tried to open a portal. We just barely stopped him from draining all of us."
"Unfortunately, your pets wouldn't let me approach," Mr. Teller said. "They seemed to think you could handle it. I'm sorry you won't remember any of it."
He raised his wand, but the four cats moved in front of their owners as though protecting them. Mercury swooped down and snatched his wand and dropped it in Lucy's hand.
"I have to..." Mr. Teller argued.
"Why?" Spencer asked. "Why can't we remember what happened today?"
"You're too young to fight the Grey Wizard yet," Mr. Teller replied.
"You're a bit late, Sir," Ethan said. "We just did and forgetting how would be more dangerous than risking another encounter."
"What do you really know about this, Sir?" Kestra asked. "What power do these marks give us that's so dangerous to us and the Grey Wizard?"
"They aren't ready for this," Mr. Teller said apparently to the animals. "Please..."
"Ready for what?" Lucy demanded, then she gasped. "You... You gave us... and now you're regretting..."
"No," Mr. Teller replied. "I didn't give you the pendants. Nor do I regret the move. I just feel you are better off oblivious of the power you could have, until you're more educated. In either case, we need to get out of here. There are dangerous animals in this forest and we are no longer protected by Miss Stone's barrier spell. Can I please have my wand back to move the loud one and her sidekick back to the castle?"
"How do we know we can trust you?" Lucy asked. "You yourself told us to be cautious of whom we trust."
Mr. Teller studied them for a moment, then smiled and nodded.
"Okay," he said. "I'll leave your memories intact. Under protest. Under the condition that you tell NO ONE that this happened. Jillian and Blair will stay oblivious of the power the marks carry until I say so. Understood?"
"They were the original targets, Sir" Ethan argued. "Surely they have to protect themselves."
"The reason they were targets is because Jillian knew too much and talked about it," Mr. Teller replied. "She thinks the power puts her on some high class list above even the rich snobs of her class. The Grey Wizard will come again and, hopefully, you'll be prepared with the education Calendrial will provide you but..."
"But you still haven't explained to us how forgetting all that happened here will protect US." Spencer said. "The Grey Wizard knows who we are and knows our power..."
"But without what we know we're not a threat to what little energy he has now," Kestra finished.
"Exactly," Mr. Teller replied. "But apparently I've been overruled and your cats and owl would rather rip me to shreds than let me take your memory. You've faced him once and proven yourselves. I hope you can prove that you can hold back that power inside till you know how to use it. With my condition in place, I will not remove your memory."
"Deal," Lucy said, holding out the wand. "On our condition that you'll eventually explain all of this to us."
Mr. Teller laughed as he took the wand and conjured stretchers for the two fallen children.
"Something tells me you'll figure it all out long before I deem you ready," he replied. "Pick up your cats and stay close to me."




Chapter 14
The Lost Ones
Despite her assurances that she was unhurt, Mr. Teller insisted Lucy accompany him to the hospital wing. Especially after Spencer let it slip that she had been thrown against a tree and fallen from the Pegasus. It was no surprise to her, therefore, to find herself spending the night in the hospital wing. Which proved to be an opportune place to be. 
Late that night, Lucy woke to the sound of voices. One belonged to Mr. Teller, the other was also familiar and turned out to be Jillian's mother, Trivia Wells.
"Trivia, I assure you she's fine," Mr. Teller said. "I only tranquilized her before she drew too much attention to us in the forest."
"What about her memory, Thomas?" Trivia Wells asked.
"I warned you about that, Trivia," Mr. Teller said. "You told her too much too fast."
Trivia sat down by her daughter's bed.
"What about her power?"
"She and Blair both escaped with all powers intact, but I insist she remain oblivious to the truth for now."
"But, Thomas..." Trivia began.
"She couldn't handle it," Mr. Teller said. "I can't watch her that closely. I have five others to watch, four of them in my own class. She said too much to the wrong people."
"How do you intend to fix that?" Trivia asked.
"I will monitor the situation and handle it, but I don't expect anyone to bring it up if she doesn't," Mr. Teller said.
"We must speak to Charmain," Trivia said. "She could watch Jillian closer."
"Trivia, we can't explain what to watch for," Mr. Teller said. "It's better this way."
"I suppose so," Trivia sighed. "I hate to keep anything from her..."
"Trivia..." Mr. Teller began.
"I know," Trivia said. "What about the others. Have you taken the same steps?"
Mr. Teller shook his head.
"They've proven, to my tentative satisfaction, that they can handle it," he said. "They saved Jillian and Blair. They put it all together before I did."
Trivia laughed softly.
"When all is said and done, Jonathan's daughter can handle the truth and the power, but mine can't. Oh how he would gloat."
"You know Serena wouldn't let him or Scott say a word," Mr. Teller said. "Jillian is a talented girl, Triv. She just needs a little control and a little guidance. That's why she's here."
"She's here to complete the circle we started," Trivia said distantly.
"She's just too much like you," Mr. Teller said.
"I suppose I didn't play well with others at first either," Trivia agreed. 
"But you learned and so will she," Mr. Teller said.
"Thomas, was it you at the Magical Blend?" Trivia asked.
"No," Mr. Teller said. "It was Hermes' job."
"But that can't be," Trivia said.
"I know," Mr. Teller replied. "He must have left it to someone and didn't tell us."
"Are Krista and Marina aware of what happened?"
"I'll send them a note tomorrow," Mr. Teller replied. "The children haven't told them about the marks yet. They're waiting for the children to approach them."
"Jillian didn't hold back," Trivia said. "In fact, she almost went ballistic when it appeared."
"How much does she know?" Mr. Teller asked.
"Just that the marks represent a power and a responsibility," Trivia replied. "No, she doesn't know who else is involved. Do you know if Krista and Marina have explained it all to their husbands?"
"I believe Kenneth and Warren are aware of the marks, but not the power," Mr. Teller said. "Our vow of secrecy is important."
Trivia put her head in her hands.
"I never realized Jillian would be so careless," she said. "I told her not to spread it around, but obviously she disregarded my warning. How did Lucinda Stone get past us?"
"She didn't at first," Mr. Teller replied, "When she offered Jillian an opportunity to work for an assistant's job in second year, I knew she was up to something. I wasn't sure till recently that Jillian was the target because she gave Lucy the same offer. When I realized Lucy and her crew were on to something, I followed."
"Are we out of practice, Thomas?" Trivia asked with a soft laugh.
"Hey, I didn't have much choice," Thomas said. "Some new additions to their band held me back from stepping in."
Trivia turned to see the black cat that had approached.
"Pussy Cats aren't normally permitted in the hospital, Miss Venus," Thomas said.
Trivia gasped softly, but Mr. Teller shushed her as he scooped up the cat.
"Venus and her gang were prepared to rip me to shreds if I didn't let the kids prove themselves," he said. "They've taken a very protective look to being the children's pets. And she has a very good suggestion."
"I'm sorry I can't leave till she wakes up," Trivia said.
"You'll only confuse her and possibly scare her," Mr. Teller said. "She needs to think she got lost in the woods and I found her. She won't believe that if she wakes up and sees you worrying over her."
"Thomas, will HE come back?" Trivia asked.
"Not in the near future," Thomas said. "Alicia won't allow him in this castle. Lucinda is gone and HE doesn't have the strength or a guide to open a portal here."
Silence fell over the ward and Lucy got the feeling that the cat was speaking to them, but no matter how hard she tried she couldn't pick up on the thoughts. 
"Okay," Trivia sighed. "You're right. She will over react and I do trust you to take care of them. I'll leave first thing and fill Blair's father in on what happened. You'll keep me informed."
"We will," Mr. Teller promised.
Trivia stroked the cat's fur gently.
"Welcome to Calendrial, Venus," she said.
Lucy closed her eyes as she heard Trivia leave, then heard Mr. Teller speak again as he approached her bed.
"I suppose I could use a break," he said. "You know how to find me and Hestia Holmes is just down the hall."
Silently, Venus leapt from Mr. Teller's arms and cuddled close to Lucy. Then she meowed softly.
"Thanks," Mr. Teller said. "But till Trivia is back home, I'm not going to sleep. She still doesn't always play well with others and I'm not sure she won't try to overturn my decision. I'll be back later."
Venus laid her head down and began to purr as Lucy stroked her fur gently.
"Sleep, Mistress," the cat seemed to whisper. "It's been a long day."
A short time later, Lucy drifted into sleep and the Hospital wing was quiet once again except for Venus' calm rhythmic purrs.
* * * * * *
Spencer was sitting by Lucy's bed as she woke the next morning.
"Morning," he said softly.
Lucy smiled as she stretched.
"Morning," she said. "What time is it?"
"8:30," Spencer said. "Go back to sleep, if you like. I couldn't sleep any more."
"I told you I was fine," she said. "Where are Kes and Ethan?"
"Still sleeping," Spencer said. "I think. Kes felt really bad about your fall."
"She warned me," Lucy said. "I just had to take a closer look... Are they up?"
"Who the bragging queen and her silent partner? No," Spencer said. "Mr. Teller expects her to sleep in."
"I was thinking you would too, Miss Kensington," Mr. Teller said softly as he approached.
"It takes a lot more action for me to sleep in," Lucy said. "Is HE really gone?"
"For now," Mr. Teller said. "I'm hoping I'll see through his next servant more quickly or perhaps you'll tell me sooner."
"We weren't sure who to trust Sir," Lucy reminded him. "For all we knew, your interest served him too."
Mr. Teller laughed softly and nodded.
"Acknowledged," he said. "I hope I have proven my true intentions."
"Oh, I think so Sir," Spencer said, sitting back lazily. "Maybe she and Kes will listen to me and Ethan next time."
"Yes, you were right," Lucy said. "Now be quiet. Are Jillian and Blair alright?"
"Just fine," Mr. Teller replied. "Now I've cleared you to go back to the dormitory as long as you return immediately if you feel any side effects of yesterday's adventure."
"Deal," Lucy said, throwing back her covers.
Mr. Teller smiled and moved to leave.
"Oh and Spencer," he said, "I hope I can trust you not to let her out of your sight for the next couple of days."
"Don't worry, Sir," Spencer laughed. "I think we've had enough adventure."
"For now," Lucy added.
* * * * * *
"Oh Lucy, I barely slept last night," Kestra cried as Lucy and Spencer entered the private part of the Aydanna garden.
"For goodness sakes, Kes, I told you I was okay last night," Lucy said hugging her.
"Yeah, but with Jilly in the next bed..." Ethan said also hugging Lucy. "Just her presence does tend to get you going."
"Yeah well, she was asleep and I got some insight I might not have gotten had I been in my own bed," Lucy said, sitting against the wall and eyeing the door thoughtfully.
"Are you going to share this insight with us?" Spencer asked. "Or do we guess."
"Mr. Teller knows more than we thought," Lucy said.
"Not news," Ethan said.
"True, but I think I found some of the other pieces," Lucy said. "Namely Trivia Wells, Blaise Montford, Krista Kilborn, and Marina Avery. Along side my father, the Addisons and Mr. Teller. Only these nine people know of the Lost Ones and can tell us what we need to know. There were specific reasons we were chosen for this responsibility..."
"Are you saying my mom is a Lost One?" Kestra asked.
Lucy nodded.
"They didn't say if they represented specific gods or not, but they created this power and we are the ones to finish whatever it is that this power was created to do."
"To defeat the Grey Wizard once and for all, most likely," Spencer said. "It would explain why we're a threat to him."
"They didn't say," Lucy said. "Oh and I get the distinct impression Mr. Teller knows our new pets better than we do."
"How?" Ethan asked. "That's impossible."
"Mercury may have been the owl I saw on our ride before Christmas," Lucy said. "I don't know how, but he and Trivia Wells both spoke to Venus last night as though she'd known them for years..." Her voice trailed off, then she shook her head as if dismissing a thought.
"It's just impossible," Kestra said. "They are young cats and Mom said she got them at a magical creatures store... But she is part of this."
"So we solve the mystery of Miss Stone and gain another mystery," Spencer sighed. "Looks like being a lost one will certainly keep us on our toes."
"I only wish it would help us in our exams," Lucy said.
"Exams!" Kestra said. "What are we sitting around her for? We have studying to do."
"You had to mention the E word," Ethan sighed. "Kes, the exams are a month away."
"It's Sunday, Kes," Spencer said. "Even in the magical world, Sunday is for resting and recuperating from other activities."
"We'll work it all out on Monday, Kes," Lucy said. "Besides with Miss Stone gone, we probably won't even have an exam in that class..."




Chapter 15
End Of Year
Unfortunately, Miss Stone's absence changed nothing. Miss Astral finished the crystals class and prepared the exam, though it was still one of the lesser worries the first years had. Madame Chantress packed her exam with tiny details, some of which the first years only vaguely remembered covering. History and Mythology classes had a lot of details but Mr. Teller, it was said, generally took it easy on first years. The climax of Exam week, however, happened in the stables after the last exam.
"Mr. Juno! Mr. Canus!" Lucy called excitedly "The Pegasus is ready. Her baby is coming!"
Instantly Mr. Juno and Mr. Canus were at the stall where Kestra sat stroking the young mother's main.
"She's in no pain," Kestra said.
"But this little one is ready to make its appearance," Mr. Canus said slowly approaching the Pegasus. "Now children I must insist you don't come closer. Kestra please join your friends at the door," he said.
Suddenly the Pegasus became agitated, cowering away from Mr. Canus.
"I believe she is suggesting otherwise," Mr. Juno laughed.
Mr. Canus frowned but nodded for Kestra to stay where she was.
"Stay clear of her hind legs," he said.
"She won't hurt any of us," Kestra replied as Lucy and the boys also drew closer. 
"She's soothed by us somehow," Lucy said. "The pain she felt earlier is gone."
"Your connection to animals may run deeper than just communication," Mr. Juno said "You can also feel what she's feeling and draw it away from her."
"I'm not doing anything but trying to make her comfortable," Kestra said.
"It may not be a conscious effort," Mr. Canus said "But I've never seen a birth with no pain until now."
Within half an hour and with very little pain to the mother, the baby Pegasus weakly tried to flex his wings.
"We'll miss you a lot during the summer," Mr. Juno said "Your talents here are exceptionally helpful."
"Well we're really only a portal away," Ethan said "We wouldn't pass up the opportunity for anything."
"It's been a long week," Mr. Canus said rising. "Why don't you four go back up to the castle for dinner. Mother and baby need to rest."
Lucy and Kestra rose and softly followed the boys to the stall door. Just as the children moved to leave the young mother raised her head and made a soft whinny.
"No, Thank You," Spencer said "For letting us help you as you helped us."
"The most amazing thing I've ever seen," Mr. Canus said as the children left.
"What, the birth without pain?" Mr. Juno asked.
"That and children with such power," Mr. Canus replied.
* * * * * *
As expected the final Broom Hockey game was between Tempest and Aydanna. The entire school turned out including Jillian and Blair who seemed quieter than before, but no less imposing.
"I hope your team is ready to lose, Kensington," Jillian called as she passed. "Tempest is going to steal that Calendrial cup away."
"Time will tell, Jillian," Lucy replied. "Unusual things can happen around here. Even for those who don't deserve it."
"That sounds like you're already accepting defeat?" Blair said.
"Did I say that?" Lucy asked, "No. What I said was..." her voice trailed off as she saw Mr. Teller approach.
"Everybody to their seats," he said. "Let's let the players fight this one out."
Jillian walked away without a word.
"I hope you weren't rubbing it in, Miss Lucy," Mr. Teller said. "Because you know she won't understand what you're talking about."
"Even better," Lucy said.
"She didn't say anything to raise question, Sir," Spencer said. "You know Jillian gets the better of her."
"I know," Mr. Teller said. "But let's hope by next year you'll have found a way to prevent that."
"She starts it, Sir," Kestra objected. "Jillian is constantly goading us. Especially Lucy."
"Yes I know," Mr. Teller said. "But that's her nature and as much as I understand how hard it is to ignore it, I'll warn you once..."
"We won't tell her anything, Sir," Ethan promised. "The most she'll suspect is that we're crazy and maybe then she'll leave us alone."
Mr. Teller laughed.
"Just be careful," he said, "for her protection as well as yours. Now sit back and watch Aydanna cream Tempest in the final."
* * * * * *
"Another successful year," Miss Astral said as the end of year feast began. "I am so proud of all of you for making it so enjoyable. Congratulations to Aydanna for winning the Broom Hockey finals. I hope that the first years feel at home at Calendrial by now and eagerly look forward to returning as second years. Have a wonderful summer and Bon Appetite."
"It's funny," Lucy sighed as the food appeared before them. "As much as I love Ann and Cole, I'd really rather spend the summer here. I'm sure Jim would love that."
"Now Lucy, don't despair yet," Kestra said. "We'll invite you to Manotick as soon as we can."
"Actually, I agree with Luce," Spencer said. "We spent a whole year here and found out nothing. Okay, very little about our parents. Seems kind of..."
"Disappointing?" Ethan finished. "But we accomplished much more and when you visit you can ask Mom and Krista all about them. Now that we know what we know."
"Are you four talking in code or something?" Kerry asked. "Now that we know what we know."
"Oh, I wouldn't talk oh secret one," Kestra said. "What have you been up to this year?"
Kerry glanced at dark-haired fifth year boy sitting beside her.
"Nothing," she said. "I just decided this year I wouldn't let the work get to me. Magic isn't just studying facts and symbols. It's about team work and what comes naturally," she glanced at the boy again who smiled at her. "I decided to try and relax and let nature work for a little while."
Kerry turned her attention back to her friends.
"I'd say a boyfriend would definitely turn Kerry the book worm into a giddy teenager," Ethan laughed. "I suppose it's about time."
"Now if you could just get Kes to relax a little more..." Spencer said.
"Unfortunately, she has a couple of years to go before she becomes a giddy teenager," Ethan sighed. "And I think I can wait."
"What is that supposed to mean?" Kestra demanded.
"Don't let them get to you, Kes," Lucy said. "Even if we do become giddy teenagers, girls always mature faster than boys."
"Oh and by the way," Kerry said, turning back to them momentarily, "Miss Astral would like to see you in her office before we leave tomorrow. Something about achievements exceeding expectations? That's my baby sister."
* * * * * *
"Mr. Teller explained what you did for Miss Wells and Mr. Montford," Miss Astral said the next morning in her office. "Your methods were, to say the least, dangerous but very brave."
"Thank you, Miss," Kestra said.
"I hope, however, that you will consider bypassing the hero's role in the future," Miss Astral said, "You don't fully understand what your role in foiling Miss Stone's plan might have done."
"With all do respect, Miss, we do understand," Ethan said. "But we don't regret it."
Miss Astral laughed.
"Like your parents," she sighed. "Well, I bow to Mr. Teller's wisdom. Under the circumstances I can't publicly reward you for your efforts, but I wanted to tell you four personally how proud I am of you. And how proud all of your parents would be. I would appreciate it if you didn't speak about it to anyone."
"Thank you, Miss, but we didn't do it for rewards," Spencer said. "We did it because we tried and failed to alert Jillian."
"So," Miss Astral said. "You did warn Miss Wells."
"I warned Blair and I thought he heard me, but apparently Jillian convinced him to go deaf," Lucy said. "We weren't sure who to trust given that the culprit was a teacher."
"I do understand," Miss Astral said. "But I knew your father and I know the rest of your parents. They wouldn't permit you to go to a place where there was no one to trust. I hope you realize that."
"We do, Miss," Kestra said. "Maybe we did over react a little. Looking back, we maybe should have trusted you. After all, you didn't press us with questions, though I think you knew our conversation about a teacher taking a second year assistant wasn't completely true."
"My philosophy is people have their own reasons for keeping details to themselves," Miss Astral said. "I don't take offence to your caution."
"But we will know better in the future," Ethan said.
"I trust your judgment," Miss Astral said. "Well, I think that's all we need to say. I hope you've managed to find some time to enjoy yourselves here."
"We have, Miss," Spencer said. "Lucy and I never dreamed of a place like this. We plan to make the most of it and find out as much about my parents and her father as possible."
"Now, there I must caution you," Miss Astral said. "I don't pretend to know all of what happened to Jonathan or Scott and Serena, but you must be aware you may not be prepared for all the information you seek. Don't rush it. You'll learn what you need to know in time. When you're ready. Knowledge is a powerful thing children, but as much as it can help you, it can be abused. You must gain the wisdom as well and that, my dears, comes from experiences that abuse of power can prevent you from having."
"We know what power can do, Miss," Lucy said. "It almost got me, Jillian and Blair killed. We aren't willing to take chances with it, but we will find out what we want to know."
Miss Astral smiled.
"I'm sure you will," she said. "And may I say, good luck on your quest and welcome home. Lost Ones."
* * * * * *
"Do you think she really knows?" Kestra asked as they boarded the train back home. "Or was she just referring to Spencer and Lucy?"
"I think she knows some," Lucy said. "But I'm pretty sure Mr. Teller hasn't told her all and she's happy that way."
"It's a good thing she didn't single us out at the banquet," Ethan said. "Can you imagine Wells now?"
"Why imagine," Jillian said as she and Blair approached. "So you've become the Head Mistress' pet as well. You have been busy this year."
"We like to have all our bases covered," Spencer said. "We prefer to make friends rather than enemies."
"I hope that wasn't an attempt at calling a truce," Jillian said with a sigh. "I just don't have it in me to associate myself with the likes of you."
"Oh don't get him wrong, Jillian," Lucy said. "We have much better things to do than associate ourselves with you. There are many more important people in the world to form alliances with."
"One day, Kensington, you'll shoot off that mouth of yours and find yourself at the end of a curse," Jillian snapped. "I only hope I'm the one holding the wand."
"You poor, simple, little, rich girl," Lucy said. "You so don't understand what's going on around you. I am Jonathan Kensington's daughter and I am not afraid of you."
"You should be," Jillian said.
"Why would that be, Jillian?" Spencer asked. "Do you know something we don't?"
"I know I have the background for living in MC Society and you two just have ghosts to follow," Jillian said.
"Be careful, Jilly," Kestra said. "Not even you know what secret weapons those ghosts could be holding. Fame isn't everything. It takes the knowledge and the wisdom to reach the MC levels of high wizard society and you my dear, well, so far you've only proven that all you have is an uncanny ability to have a tantrum when things don't go your way. Being rich and having a MC background won't fix public humiliation."
"Jillian," Blair said. "We should go. You're wasting energy sparring with these people. They aren't worth your breath."
Jillian smiled sweetly and nodded.
"Of course Blair darling," she said. "You're right as always. Let's go find our compartment, FAR away from them."
"I don't suppose all that money could buy you a private train to school next year," Ethan said. "I'd say that would be far enough."
Jillian moved to respond, then glanced at Blair and walked away. Blair moved to follow, but at the last moment turned back.
"Have a good summer," he said. "See you in September."
He walked away.
"That's the most I've ever heard him say," Kestra said.
"It's also the most polite," Ethan said. "Not that it was meant as polite probably, but... wow."
Blair stopped at a compartment several doors down and turned again.
"Thanks," he called looking at Lucy.
"Thanks for what?" Spencer asked.
Lucy shook her head, then it dawned on her.
"He knows," she said. "Maybe not all, but he knows more than she does."
"Impossible," Ethan said. "Mr. Teller wouldn't allow it."
"Ethan, when are you going to learn," Kestra said. "Nothing's impossible."
"I'll second that," Spencer agreed as they got onto the train.
"We're living proof," Lucy added.
* * * * * *
Ann and Cole were eagerly waiting at the station as the Calendrial train came out of warp. To everybody's surprise, Rose and Jim seemed to be happy to see Lucy as well.
"Welcome home, darling," Rose said hugging her daughter. "Oh, how I missed you."
Lucy glanced over at Spencer in bewilderment.
"I tell you," Jim said. "I never realized how quiet the house could be without you. I hope you had a horrible time at that school because you are not going back."
Jim was laughing when he said this, but Lucy couldn't help but feel nervous.
"Now you won't mind if I ask you not to talk to the twins about your trip," Jim said. "They're young and would ask too many questions."
"Don't worry, Jim," Lucy said, glancing at Spencer again. "We made a deal. Spencer's going to keep most of my stuff at his place. With the exception of this..."
"A cat," Rose said in surprise as Lucy took Venus from her carrier. "Where did you get this?"
"From friends of dad's," Lucy replied. "Her name is Venus."
"Now I'm not sure we can keep a cat," Jim said. "The twins..."
"Have no allergies," Ann cut in. "And Venus is a very quiet cat."
"She won't be a problem," Lucy said. "And I'm keeping her."
"We'll discuss it later," Rose said as the twins ran out to see Lucy.
"You can't go back," Amy said, glancing at Jim. "We missed you too much."
"Well, I have to go back," Lucy said. "It's my school, but I still have two months holiday..."
"But mommy was sad without you," Allan said. "Please go to school closer."
Lucy frowned as she rose from hugging her siblings.
"Then she must have been pretty upset at Christmas then," she said. "Where did you go on your trip?"
"To Toronto!" Allan said excitedly. "We got to party at the Zoo."
"It was soo fun!" Amy added, catching her father's eye. "Oh, but we missed you a lot."
"I'm sure you did," Lucy said. "Well, there's something you've got to understand. The school I went to was where my daddy went and I want to find out as much as I can about him. You understand that, don't you? You'd do the same if it were your daddy, wouldn't you?"
Amy and Allan seemed to consider this and nodded. 
Lucy smiled and looked at Rose and Jim.
"You understand that, don't you," she said.
"I think it's time for dinner," Rose said darkly. "Amy, Allan go wash up."
"I'll be in momentarily," Lucy said.
"Dinner is in five minutes," Jim said gruffly. "If you're not in, we're starting without you."
Lucy didn't reply, then turned to Spencer.
"It's going to be a long summer," Spencer commented. "They're really pushing it."
"I guess it's not unexpected," Lucy replied. "Still we may need to be on our guard. This isn't the end of the guilt trip."
"But it's not going to stop us," Spencer said.
Lucy nodded and gave him a hug.
"It's our destiny," she agreed. "The Lost Ones have things to do."
Spencer nodded.
"And someday we'll find out what those things are," he laughed.
"Maybe next year," Lucy added. "No matter what they say, we're going back and no matter how, we'll find out the secrets of the Lost Ones."
####




Author's Note:
Hi there,
 This is L. M. Quinpool, author of the Children Of The Amulet Series and Calendrial Series. I hope you enjoyed the book you just read and you'll continue to read and enjoy more. There are lots of them and more to come! 
To find out more about me, my cover designer and, of course what's going on with my books (in print and in digital) go to http://www.quinpool.ca or if you just want to keep e- reading you can also go back to http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/quinpoolbooks and buy more of my e-books.
I'd also love to hear from you and find out what you thought of my stories on Facebook at: https://www.facebook.com/home.php#!/Calendrial 
What ever you do I hope you keep reading and enjoying. Happy Reading and thanks for your business.
LMQ




See Quinpool.ca or Smashwords.com for more L. M. Quinpool books like:
The Children of the Amulet Series
Book 1: Fight For Chrystalina
Book 2: Battle Of The Empire
Book 3: Hope and Victory
Book 4: Final Scene
&
The Calendrial Series
The Lost Ones
Between Worlds
Behind The Door
The Unknowns
Enemy Within
Lost Army
Power Within
Lost Time
Final Play
Epilogue

