

Canton Chronicles: Rising Power
Author: Faidra-Foteini Petaniti
Distributed by Smashwords
Copyright 2017 Faidra-Foteini Petaniti

Thank you for downloading this e-book. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favourite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either a product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Table of Contents
Prologue
1. The Chosen Few
2. The First Night
3. A Test of Fears
4. The Ties That Bind
5. The Bully and the Hero
6. The Broken Man
 7. Awakening
8. The Party
9. An Unexpected Revelation
10. Ambush
11. A Most Fateful Meeting
12. A Second Chance
13. The Girl and Her Teacher
 14. Plan and Execution
 15. Revenge
 Epilogue



Prologue
20.10.1816 –North Atlantic Ocean
The ship was sailing in the unknown seas. Its front was dividing the water in two equal sides, forming a path of foam on its way. The sea was motionless and black as coal. And silent, oh so very silent. The ship itself was silent, dead. It looked haunted as it went on, without a living soul on its deck. That impression was far from true. Almost two hundred people were sleeping on the ship’s belly, trying to warm themselves by staying close to each other, hardly escaping death. It was the end of October and the ocean breeze was freezing cold. Only a single man dared to sit on the deck, exposed, all by himself.
 His name was Edward Canton. He was a really smart man, a scientist and a visionary. He was born in a small English fish-village, which overlooked the Atlantic Ocean, 30 years ago. Since his early childhood, curiosity was his overwhelming quality, reading and experimenting his two favourite activities.
His fellow villagers admired him, but, at the same time, feared him. His village was deeply God-fearing, and Edward was a man of thought, which often caused him great trouble.
 In his early teens, he caught the attention of the wealthy lord of the area, a wise man and a traveller. Edward was allowed to study in the man’s library, sometimes to even stay for the night, exchanging thoughts and opinions with the noble-man, which came to be sort of a mentor to him. As an additional result Edward grew close to the lord’s daughter, and later wife to be, Elisabeth, a bright and intuitive mind who matched his own perfectly. Their happiness was completed with their marriage and the birth of their only son, Jeremiah. 
Everything was smooth on his life’s surface, but secretly, the village was boiling with rage and fear. Edward was a man who believed in education, and not so much in God or his word. He also dreamt of travelling, Europe or Africa or the mystical Asia. His biggest dream however, was to see the great America, the new continent of hope and equality. 
His life became more and more dull and colourless as the years went on, sometimes even uneasy, with the closed-minded people giving him sideway looks, judging him. You don’t belong here, their eyes said. Just go and leave us alone. Slowly, a risky plan started forming in his head. 
He would leave this village with its idiotic habitants, and start a new life in a brand new continent. The plan was devised by him, his wife, and the lord’s oldest nephew and Elisabeth’s cousin, Johnathan Lucas, a widower who despised the villagers for their small, closed minds.  
 Edward gave up all his money to build an amazing ship, a cruiser and fill it with food rations and equipment, enough to maintain a hundred people for two months - the time he had calculated was needed to reach the cost of North America. And sure enough there were people ready to travel, brave ones who wanted to change their lives, most of them poor farmers and fishermen, some of them wealthy adventurers.
 The ship set sail at 15th of August, filled with joy and hope. But there was no joy, nor hope in this ship anymore. More than two months had passed and the only thing they kept encountering was the eternal calmness of the sea. Edward tried to be calm for the most part of the trip, absolutely convinced of their future findings. They couldn’t be wrong, they had thought this plan through and through, their calculations made to perfection. Inside his head, the dream was close. 
The last week on the ship had taken away every last hope he had for this journey. His people were hungry, thirsty, looking like living skeletons. The food rations and the water supply was slowly coming to an end, and their moral had hit rock bottom.  Three nights ago, the worst imaginable scenario came true.
 Edward was sleeping with his wife, when she started coughing. Blood. Now, she was being next to comatose almost all of the time, barely eating or talking, and he stayed at the deck of the ship, torturing himself with the cold wind of the sea. That was his punishment, and he deserved it. He took those people from their homes, their more or less happy and simple lives and led them straight in a watery grave. He was indeed cursed. He started crying silently. Oh my God, he thought. Have mercy on our poor souls. We are all going to perish in that ship, and there is nothing I can do. 
***
Edward… Edward… Wake up. The voice made him realise he was sleeping. He never thought it would be possible for him to fall asleep again, before the woman woke him up. Or at least he thought it was a woman. He looked left and right, underneath and beneath him. No one to be found. For some weird reason he didn’t feel scared. He was alone, in a boat with direction to nowhere. What was the worst thing that could happen? Maybe he was losing his mind. Maybe it was really the voice of God, and God was a woman after all. 
You are awake at last… Edward Canton, you’ve wondered long enough. Your travels come to an end now, right at this moment. Do you wish for that to happen?
Now Edward was completely awake, and his logic started asking the real questions, like who the woman was and why would she want to save them. 
I am a kindred spirit Edward. Sort of an ether, if you will. I don’t want to trick you or hurt you. I want to save your people, because I sense extraordinary strength and will coming from them. You are all special, Edward. And that is the first time I say that. The woman made a cute sound, sort like a chuckle. 
Edward felt his heart warming up. He wanted to believe the woman’s words so bad. He felt so lonely, so desperate. It couldn’t get any worse than that. It was as if the ethereal being had read his thoughts. Immediately her warm, sweet voice, turned ice cold.
 Besides, what is the worst thing that can happen to you? You are in a journey to the middle of nowhere, with no means of turning back. So you have to choose now. If you say yes, I will save you. If you say no, then you can continue your journey. To oblivion.
Edward had no strength anymore. The voice of the woman was hypnotising, taking him to happy places with tall trees, soft sand and a secure future for everyone. He didn’t want to be in this ship any longer. Every little bit of his mental strength and sanity, every bit of his common sense, was gone in this black, motionless sea. He just wanted to go with the woman. The woman who promised him a paradise. 
“Yes” he said joyless, defeated. “I will join you, whoever you might be.”
Very well. You made the right choice, Edward. 
The woman stopped talking and although Edward could not see her, he somehow knew that she was smiling. 
For a while, nothing happened. The voice was gone and the sea was as silent as ever. As Edward began thinking that the voice was a fictional fragment of his broken mind, the ship shook. Lightly, at first, and then the wind started picking up speed and the ship shook even harder. Edward had to grasp the wooden bench, as to not lose himself in the dark sea. He could hear motion sounds from below the deck, people who felt the trembling and were already shouting, terrified. And then, the most amazing thing Edward had ever witnessed, happened. 
The sea, which was in a complete standstill just seconds ago, was divided into two different sides, one where the ship was standing and the other one a few meters away from it. These two were the “reality” sides. Because, between the two stood a miracle. 
If Edward had to describe it, he would have said “a curtain made of light”, because it was indeed that very thing. An energy wave was extended to his left and right, dividing the two parts of the sea, covering Edward’s view. It felt like a swarm of faceless bodies turned into liquid and melted together, ever-moving for eternity. It was light and warm and Edward wanted to touch it, to feel it with all his existence, his fears disappearing.
 His wish quickly came true when the light curtain started pulling the ship towards it, picking up speed as it went. As they were ready to be engulfed by the blue wonder, Edward Canton closed his eyes and let go of his doubts. He was going in a better place. He knew that now. Whoever that may be. The last thing he heard was his wife screaming his name. 
Don’t worry, darling. We have reached the dream. 
***
You are here, Edward… Wake up… A woman’s voice again, a different one this time, sweeter, milder, with a playful, teasing undertone. Edward realised he had fallen asleep and felt like an idiot. Not only was he sleeping in the most wondrous moment of his life, he was lying face down in the sand, completely dirty and wet, his back being beaten by the powerless waves. 
Somehow, he found the strength to get back up on his feet. He looked around, mesmerized by the scenery. He was standing in a small creek, with the ship behind him.  Before his eyes laid an amazing shore with golden sand, tall green trees growing at its edge, exactly the place he’d imagined just before he was engulfed in the blue light. He turned his eyes and, on his left, was an enormous, majestic mountain, with brown soil and black, edgy peaks. On his right, sporadic bushes and small-trees were shaping a fully-fledged forest, with many little paths towards, what he thought to be, the main-land’s centre. 
Edward’s train of thoughts was interrupted by the sounds behind his back. The ship, he thought, feeling guilty, and turned around, watching as the people slowly came out of its belly. 
Johnathan was one of the first to exit, Jeremy following closed on his trail. They both saw him and came near him, running to meet them, a cry of joy coming out of their mouths.
 We are saved, thought Edward, brought into paradise. Everyone was coming out of the boat now, screaming with pleasure, cheering, applauding.
 And at last, the most important person in his life, his wife, looking as beautiful as the day he first met her, as though this place gave her instantly back, what the long sea journey had stolen. She smiled sweetly at him, tiny tears in her eyes. Edward Canton was, at this moment, the happiest man on the planet. 
 ***
Canton City Centre- 17th July 50 A.D (After Discovery)
An old, frail man was lying in a beige couch in the middle of a round, polished room. The room’s walls were painted in an equally neutral beige colour as the couch, its floor covered with sparkling white tiles. 
The eastern part of the room however, was entirely different from the rest. It was a huge one-piece of glass display, thin and polished, its sole purpose the expose of the great City of Canton, which unravelled before the very wise and very tired eyes of its leader. 
Edward Canton was a happy, old man. Happy with the way his new life had treated him from its beginning until its very end, an end that was now closing in, inevitably.
 Two days ago, he had celebrated his 81th birthday, and now, with his bones weak, his muscles atrophied and his body unable to carry him anywhere anymore, Edward felt ready to leave this earth, more than ever before. 
His dear wife had left him a long time ago, a fact that still caused him great pain. His best friend, Jonathan, had also left him last winter, after a long and pleasant life. Edward’s grandchildren and great-grandchildren were all alive and well, and they loved him very much. But deep down, he felt alone.
 There was nothing left for Edward to do anymore. He’d found this place. He gave it its name and its workforce. He was never able to find America, but had he’d discovered was a true land of miracles. Sitting in his couch in a high loft apartment, he was able to watch his beloved city and it’s very own central core, the Canton Tower, a gigantic masterpiece build at his honour. Edward felt truly happy that he would die facing it. 
He closed his eyes, letting his thoughts carry him away. People used to say, back at his little village, that death comes together with various memories of your life, passing in front of your eyes, like echoes of your past. But he realized now, that the saying wasn’t true at all. He was able to remember only one single particular moment. The moment he met God’s Deities on Earth. 
***
Their meeting came two weeks after their washing up on the island’s shores. Edward and his people had settled in primitive settlements near the forest, scavenging the area around them, trying to survive. 
The horses came in the middle of the night, two white females and one black stallion, and Edward watched mesmerized as Elizabeth caught his palm lightly and whispered in his ear.
“The rulers of this Land want to see us, honey.”
He, his wife and Jonathan Lucas rode through forest and desert, letting the proud animals guide them to their final destination, a cave in the middle of an oasis. 
Elizabeth was the first one to enter, sure on her step, somehow already aware of the wonder she was about to witness. Lucas and Edward came completely unprepared. Their eyes opened wide and their mouths fell open, and for several minutes they were unable to speak or move. In that mystical cave, they met them. 
The three beings waited for them standing all upright, three giant figures intertwined with one other. Their bodies, if one could call the energy waves that surrounded them, bodies, were ethereal and colourful, blue, red and black, ever-moving and ever-changing. Their auras reacted to the humans’ presence, swirling around them like liquid fire, growing in size, until it reached every part of the dark cave. God’s daughters.
 Lucas, Elizabeth and Edward had no choice but to look at the mystical wonder in front of their eyes. And then, suddenly, the display of power ended, with the aura of the three beings slowly retreating inside them, until they shrank in size, their bodies resembling now three regular women. 
The three of them walked towards the human company, and welcomed them in their Home. They all sat down on the hard rocky ground, the two men still shaking from shock, their eyes reflecting the magical flowing colours on the women’s bodies. After a long moment of silence, they introduced themselves. 
Elonia, the youngest of the three, was the controller of fire. Her appearance matched her abilities. She was still covered in a fiery fire-wave, not as majestic as with her giant appearance, but still shining bright, packed with a cute, sympathetic face and a fluent, sickly-sweet way of talking. 
Magenta, her older sister, protector of the earth and mountains, was a tall, stiff figure, with a permanent scowl on her face and rocky spikes all over her body. She spoke rarely, and even when she did, she used small, defined sentences, her voice coarse and hard, more like a man’s than a delicate woman’s. 
And the oldest of them, the one who would later on prove to be Edward’s most trusted companion, was Aurelia. She was the island’s main life force, the one manipulating its central power core. In Edward’s eyes, she was the most spectacular of the three, with her whole body made out of a light blue energy force, ever-flowing, like the waves of the sea.
 They talked for a long while. The three of them were created by an all-powerful being they referred to as Father, which, in Edward’s mind sounded a lot like their own God. They were then, abandoned, free to roam this Island since the beginning of their time, too powerful, but also very lonely. 
“This island is a place of wonders” Aurelia said.
Edward had to agree with her words. There was a mystical, mesmerizing quality in her voice, the one which made a man instantly trust her. 
“You will experience many things that ordinary men will never have a chance to. We have sensed lost people outside of the Island’ barriers before, but you are really the first ones who deserved to enter it.” 
Aurelia was timid and sweet in her words, like a caring mother.
 “You see, we are the essential life forces of this Island. But truth is, we can’t really do much in physical terms. Our spirits are powerful, but we have no bodies.” 
Jonathan laughed in her remark, despite of himself, earning a frightful look from Magenta. 
“My dear, why would you even want a body, when you can move mountains with your will?”
 Aurelia looked at him with compassion and smiled. 
“I understand how it must feel for you. How weird and out of the ordinary. You have to realise something, however. It may seem that we have all the power in the world, but we cannot walk, run, have fun, procreate, live. We cannot even touch each other.” 
To prove her point she extended her hand and moved it towards Elonia. It went right through her sister’s face, like a spirit limb, and Edward felt a clench in his heart. What was the point of being able to swift entire continents, if you were unable to touch the person you love the most? What was the point of even living? 
Aurelia nodded, as if reading his thoughts, and let her hand fall to her side once again. 
“We want to experience that feeling, the feeling of actually being alive. To have a connection with the outside world. There is only one way for us to truly live.”
 Aurelia’s eyes inexplicably turned on his wife and the smile widened, her eyes shining. It made Edward uncomfortable for a reason, but he shook the feeling seconds later.  Elizabeth looked at Aurelia, brave and defiant. He felt the hairs on his body rising, even before his wife open her mouth to speak. 
“It was a very nice story, the one you made up so that we can feel sorry for you and your sisters, isn’t it, Aurelia? But you didn’t say everything there is to say, did you? In order to come outside of your little hole and play, you need a human sacrifice. Because the person who will give a body to you, will lose his own soul and die. Isn’t that right?” she said with a sarcastic tone, unknown to Edward until know.
 Instead of getting mad, Elonia laughed, a cute little sound.
 “Elizabeth, sweetheart, you speak about us like we are murderers. It’s true, we do need a person, in order to obtain a physical form. But… the ones who’ll merge with us, these chosen few, will be elevated. They will be powerful, and their spirits will keep on living, forever. It is a blessing really. You should be glad we even give this offer to you.”
  “And your sacrifice will not be in vain”, Aurelia added. “We will give you Powers, the likes of which you’ve never imagined. You will stop living in camps made of filthy trees and branches. You will evolve, rise up to higher planes of existence. You will be absolutely free of this world’s shackles. That is the gift we want to offer you, in exchange for your noble sacrifice.” 
Edward was mesmerized. Not only from their appearance and words, but also from the possibilities. His mind was already rushing, images of progress in his head. He wanted to evolve. He wanted to rise on higher planes of existence. He craved all that Power. Even if it meant sacrificing a few of their people. 
 Even after all these years he felt guilty of this thought, this yearning. But there was no reason hiding from himself. 
“I think we can arrange an agreement between us, Aurelia.”
 The three Deities looked pleased beyond words, their auras dancing around them in joyful whirls, even the stiff Magenta’s. Having the leader’s approval, she was the first of the sisters to leave, without a single word. 
Elonia stayed a little longer, smiling at Jonathan, who had turned red from frustration. She touched his shoulder and gave him a kiss on the cheek, as she transformed into a small flaming wisp, and exited the cave. 
Aurelia stayed with them a little longer. There was complete silence at first. Then Elizabeth spoke. 
“Aren’t you also going to find someone to take as your prisoner, like your sisters so eagerly do?” 
“Elizabeth, that’s enough now” Edward said to her. “We would all be dead if there weren’t for these kind souls, so you better watch your tongue when you address to them.” 
Aurelia looked at them with sympathy. 
“I think I am going to wait for a little while, explore the possibilities. You are free to leave, now.” 
***
Their lives changed rapidly after that encounter. In a mere fifty years, they had discovered things they would have never imagined. They could roam the lands with automatic machines, and built tall buildings who grazed the skies. Bigger and smaller inventions, who were mere dreams before, were now part of their everyday reality.
 But most importantly the people themselves, they were changed. The Deities had kept their promises, and now every citizen in Canton had a powerful asset, or a Power as the simply called it, may it be extraordinary strength or speed, extreme intelligence or a way to control the climatic elements that surrounded them, being in essence, small Gods themselves.
 Edward smiled, as he thought that his people had indeed evolved into a higher level of existence. And the Deities didn’t require too much of them in exchange either. Just the people’s respect. And worship. And sometimes, their physical bodies. 
And people did disappear, like Jonathan’s new wife after the birth of their only son. Or those poor deformed twin farmer girls, adolescent noblemen and many others like them, over the years. But that was part of their deal. And it was a good one. 
Yeah, thought Edward Canton, as he laid in his couch, breathing his final dying breaths, they had made themselves a pretty good deal. In the end, he had indeed saved his people. 
So, it came as a real surprise to him, that in his final moments, the tears that streamed down his eyes, were ones of remorse.
***
Laboratory 13, Institute of Research and Scientific Discovery, 126 A.D
The Scientist was working frantically. He knew the answer was right there, he was just too tired and overwhelmed to see it.
 Just a little more now… then I’ll have the answer I need… The start of a revolution. 
He brought his hand in front of his mouth to contain a yawn. Even the greatest men were still bound to the need of sleep. 
He turned his head and look at his faithful Assistant. The young man didn’t look tired or sleepy. Rather, he looked totally strained. His eyes were out of focus and he was murmuring to himself, absent-minded.  The Scientist felt a pinch of guilt. Poor guy.
“This isn’t right… This isn’t fair…” the young man whispered, over and over. 
“You seem a little on edge, son” 
The Assistant jumped backwards from his sit, clearly distressed by the Scientist’s appearance. 
“Oh hallo there, sir. I didn’t sense you coming. Is everything alright? Did you… did you have a breakthrough?” He was looking at the floor while asking his questions. 
The Scientist rubbed his forehead. 
“Not yet. But I am very close. I can feel it. Just a tiny bit more… and boom. Then our success would be 100%.” 
“But, sir… we, I mean our experiment is already a success. Stephan White is a success. Nothing can touch him now. No Power at all. And he didn’t suffer… much. He felt almost no pain. He is a true Negator. Why… why do we have to put Helena through this too?” 
“Helena? Who is Helena?” 
This isn’t good. The man’s mind is slipping. 
The Assistant realized his mistake. He stood upright, and cleared his throat. 
“I meant Subject 32, sir. She is suffering, with no immediate results.”
“Your point, son?” 
“My point is…” he clenched and unclenched his fists, unsure if he wanted to continue the conversation, “sometimes I think we take it too far. The Deities will be furious if they found out about our abductions and experiments. If they knew what we are doing here, against them… After the Powers they gave to us. Our whole life depends on them. Our technology, evolution, construction. Our offence and defence with the expertly trained Heroes from our Academy. What would happen if they took all those gifts away from us?”
 The Scientist was not entirely surprised. His Assistant was young and naïve, with only twenty years of age on his back. But he himself was old enough. He had seen and known things. He extended his arms and grabbed his Assistant by his shoulders, squeezing them lightly. 
“Son, look. I understand your doubts. But the Holy Deities, they are not as good and pure as you may think, neither as magical. They’ve been taking people for years, so they could live their lives the way they want.” 
“But we knew that from the start, sir. Since Leader Canton first spoke with them. They never hid the truth from us. Our people for their gifts. It was always like this and it always will be.” 
“But will it? Does it have to be that way, forever?” The Scientist leaned closer to his Assistant, almost whispering. “You don’t know that, do you? What if they get bored of us? Tired? What if, a time comes when they think, they can’t handle us anymore?” 
He saw the doubt growing on the young man’s face. The fear of knowing that your life depends only in the mood swings of three mystical beings.
 “Those experiments, those people, they are our only hope, to strike back, if needed. Do you understand that?” 
“Yes” answered the Assistant, certain, the doubt gone from his voice. 
“And we only have a tiny bit more to go before we are completely successful, son. Patience.” 
He got up, turning to leave. 
“And one more thing. It’s better if we kept our distance from the subjects. Especially the female ones. Understood?” 
“Yes, sir.” 
They stayed silent for a while, working frantically at their computers.
“I’m sure you’ve heard, sir. About that rich kid’s disappearance. Walter, I think he is called. He is a member of the Academy, too.”
The Scientist nodded. It was the current talk of the town, the sudden vanishing of Walter Wagner. The son of one of the richest families of Canton. Not the sharpest tool in the shed, and really timid, as the rumours had it. The young man was gone in the middle of an Academy operation, under suspicious circumstances, which had also claimed a woman’s life. The fact that he was apparently bullied by his fellow Heroes, was proving to be a great scandal for the Council. 
“All I know is that the Heroes are here to protect us. If their hands are spilled with blood, there is no need for their services anymore.” 
All the more reason to go along with our plan, and quickly.
“We didn’t… take Walter Wagner, sir, did we?”
“The Institute is clean on this one.”
The Assistant pondered on this for a while.
  “Maybe Magenta took them” he muttered. “They did disappear close to her mountains.” 
The Scientist shook his head in disbelief. 
“She only takes girls, son, you know that. And their bodies have always disappeared, until now. And that’s the strange in the case. Walter’s body disappeared and the dead girl remained there to be found. It is a really troubling story indeed. Let’s hope it will come to pass, and not escalate into something far, far worse.”
 He couldn’t be more wrong.
 ***
(Passage from the Official History of Canton by Ceaser Julius, 142 A.D)
The War. Or as some people call it, the Great War or the War of the Sky Mountain. The first major war in Canton’s short history and therefore, all the more devastating. Was it possible to have foreseen this war? Was it possible to stop it? Questions that have been arisen and still torment the people of Canton, the survivors of the destruction and mayhem.
 In the beginning, there was the disappearance. Walter Wagner, son of a well-known and wealthy merchant of the West Providence, developed a Power at his 18th birthday, as it was common with the youth of the time. 
But Walter’s non-violent nature and small physique, caused him to be an easy target at the Academy, which was a place of hard, continuous competition.
 The facts are still unclear, but one thing is certain. Walter was in a constant fighting state with some of the best and cockiest teammates. This continuous struggle resulted in a deep, troubled mental state for the young man. At 27th November 128 A.D, Walter Wagner disappears from his Final Exam, which took place near the Sky Mountains.
 A trail of steps and a shape of a falling body is discovered next to Beatrice Sterling, a girl from the nearby villages and Wagner’s supposed girlfriend at the time. The searching operations were huge, the criminologists working full time. Parents full of rage, demanding justice. Search, after search, after search. In the mountains, the caves, the land all around the villages. Nothing. 
After a few months the story was short of forgotten. The problems begun just a mere year after Walter’s disappearance. The West Villages were under attack. They came in the middle of the night, grotesque creatures no one had seen before. They left no trace other than their footprints. All search parties were gone, dying in the mountains, their bodies found with bites all over them, half eaten. 
After a while the Council, Canton’s highest authority, could not turn its eyes away anymore. Something sinister was up, in the dark caves of the Sky Mountains. The officials dispatched their Academy Heroes on Magenta’s dwellings. Half of them found a tragic death. The other half returned plagued by insanity, barely able to form a coherent sentence. 
The extremely few Heroes who still could talk, described hellish laboratories deep in the roots of the mountain, which produced fiendish creatures, small and huge alike, something which was previously described only in words of fiction. And a powerful enemy, who annihilated their whole team.
After a tormenting year for the West Villages, the lost Wagner boy re-appeared. He was now a full grown man, full with muscles and malice. His voice was coarse and his intentions sinister. He gave a message to the people and that was, word for word, the following: 
“I am the Great One, chosen of God, and I will elevate this Holy Land into something greater. I have the greatest of all Deities on my side. And therefore, everyone who stands in my way, will die.”
 Wagner’s attacks were merciless. In every corner of Canton, people who knew nothing of war were dying in the hands of mutated cave dwellers, the hellish underground laboratory Beasts and the mercenaries, men who willingly followed Wagner and his cause. The Council had no choice but to dispatch the Academy Heroes, who dealt great damage to Wagner’s armies, but were helpless when it came to Wagner himself. Countless Academy members lost their lives, including the ones who had bullied Walter Wagner as a young man. 
The War went on for almost two years, countless people losing their lives in the process. And then the Institute had no other choice, than to unleash its two greatest weapons, who were being kept secret until then, hidden from the public eye. 
Stephan White, a man capable of nullifying any kind of Power that tried to touch him, and a young girl, her name and age unknown, who multiplied one’s strength to an incredible degree. Together with the remaining Heroes in a last attempt, and by sacrificing their own lives in the process, finally defeated Wagner the Great. Canton could breathe again, free from conquerors and the War. 
 But, despite the apparent period of peace, the faith of the people was shaken. Magenta, a Deity worshipped and loved until then, was an accomplice of Wagner’s destructive mania, with Elonia and Aurelia unable to help their people, much less participate in the fight by directly opposing their sister. 
The Institute of Science, the innovative pillar of the island, whose major role was to help the people of Canton, had betrayed its own citizens, being responsible for many kidnappings. The way the Scientists experimented on people made them, at the end of the day, no better than Wagner himself. 
The Council, Canton’s elected officials, had undoubtedly played a large part in the events taking place all the years after Edward Canton’s death. The remaining people of Canton demanded the change of their very core system of order. All the old corrupted officials, who knew of the Institutes abduction and experimentation, were dismissed, with young idealists taking their place. The Institute was permanently closed down, a small independent part of it remaining functional, with the sole purpose of monitoring the technological progress on the Island. Most people themselves grew distant from technology, turning to agriculture once again. 
And still, people were afraid. They were afraid of their Powers, and the corruption they brought to the human minds. They wanted nothing to do with the Deities’ gifts anymore. 
With Magenta trapped, buried within the mountains after Wagner’s defeat and the people restless, scared to death by the idea of another war, Aurelia and Elonia made their decision. No more Powers. The Deities would remain hidden in their dwellings, until the people were ready to accept them once again.
More and more people found their way on Canton Island, lost ships from Earth’s waters.  Ten years after the Great War, the Canton face has changed entirely. The people are simple and happy, and more colourful now that new races from Earth exist on the Island.
 Peace rules through the land, and everyone swore to never forget Wagner or his attempts to destroy Canton. Everyone’s wish is one and the same: that our land remains safe and no man, woman or child be sacrificed again in the name of Power. 
***
1. The Chosen Few 
Canton Eastern Outskirts – 7:00, 20th July, 200 A.D 
Valentine Stone was sitting at the edge of her bed, still shaking. Her legs were stiff and heavy like logs and her hands were curled up in small fists, her nails digging hard in her palms. 
You have to get up and go to work, Val. It was nothing but a stupid dream. Not a nightmare, just a dream. A projection of your unconscious everyday fears and anxieties. That what they taught you at the University, isn’t it? 
She kept reminding that to herself, but she was still unable to stand up. Her mind kept going back to the dream. 
She was in her familiar, well-loved bench in a park. In front of her laid a thick dark forest, with sturdy tall trees. Behind the bench stood a family house, painted white and brown, with a beautiful wooden porch and rows of barley in front of it.
 People were laughing inside the house, seemingly having a great time in the cosiness of their home, but Val never joined them. She came here to be alone, in order to gather her often confusing thoughts. She always managed to put them in order just by looking at the forest, the barley or the colourful sunset in the sky, listening to the laughs of the people in the wooden house. But today something seemed off.
 She looked at her right side and saw that the bench, her bench, was occupied by someone else. She took a good look at the little girl sitting next to her, observing the details of her small body. Val thought that maybe her brain was playing tricks on her, projecting a kid version of herself.  But their differences were too big, even for a distorted dream version.
 The little girl’s hair were raven black and so were her eyes, and her skin was naturally light-tanned. They had nothing to do with Val’s light brown fluffy hair, dark blue eyes and fair, almost transparent skin. Val was also fairly tall and well-built for a woman, whereas the girl was fragile and small, much more than Val had ever been as a child. 
“Are you going to observe me for a long time, Valentine or are you going to speak at last?”
 The words coming out of the girl’s mouth were harsh and unforgiving, not quit fitting for a child. 
“What?” Val asked, taken aback by her sudden question. 
The little girl laughed, ironically. 	
“Oh right I must have forgotten. You don’t talk a lot these days, do you?”
 Val felt the rage growing inside her, a feeling she hadn’t tasted for quite a while.
“Listen to me you brat, I don’t know who you are, what the hell you are doing here, in my dream, insulting me, but it’s time you get out. I want to be alone.”
 The girl turned around and faced her at last. Her eyes were indeed black and sad, so sad that Val backed up a little bit, regretting her harsh words. That child suffers in ways you can’t even imagine, Val. Like you did once. She also look older now, not five or six as Val originally had presumed by her tiny figure, but more like nine or ten. And those eyes… and her words, hundred years of wisdom in them. She looked at her now and smiled heartily. 
“So you finally did speak. I am glad for you Valentine. I really am. Because where you’re going next, you have to be strong. Your journey has no place for the weak.”
 Val felt every hair on her body rising. Even in her worst nightmares, in her worst days, she’d never felt so intimidated.
 What kind of dream is this? It feels so real. 
“Why are you here? What do you want from me?”  
The girl tilted her head like an obedient dog, like Val’s question was the most ridiculous thing in the world. 
“It’s simple. A stupid thing really. Wake up.”
 “Excuse me, what?”
 Suddenly the field became blurry, the forest and the barley disappearing from her sight. Val closed her eyes and when she opened them up again, there was nothing left. Only an echo of the girl’s words. 
Wake up.
Somehow, she did find the strength to get up, in order to get ready for work. She had only two months on her current job, so she couldn’t afford to be late or distressed. But the dream had deeply disturbed her. Not because of the little girl, an unknown presence who had entered her mind by force. Val was not a stranger to people forcing their way on her. 
 But, the fact that this girl, who seemed no older than ten years old with a mouth too big for her age, felt so real, was chilling Val to the bone. No child should be talking like that, she thought and the thought perplexed her. 
Val shook her head. Real or not, the fact remained, that the girl wanted her to be strong for some upcoming task. It was actually very fitting since she still had some anxiety when it came to her job. And not just any job, one that she actually wanted and had hoped to find for a long time. 
Having studied Social Services for two years, Val was now hired at a 24-hotline centre for people who needed mental help, like suicidal teenagers or fully depressive adults. 
Having a few rough moments in life herself, Val loved to helped people. It made her forget of her own problems, most of the time. She shrugged, as a flow of painful memories tried to overtake her mind, unsuccessful. The past belonged to the past. No more tears.  
Working almost two months in the helping centre, made her realise a lot of things about herself and the others. She went gladly in her work, unlike most people. Even if it wasn’t a fancy one, like a high ranking profession in the Canton Tower. But then something like this dream happens. Something unsettling and disturbing.
 Stop thinking about the stupid dream. It was just a warning from your brain. There was no use thinking about it anyway. She was going to be late if she didn’t take off soon, and the real world was more important to her now. She looked herself in the mirror one more time. She was more or less pleased with her reflection. She looked good in the plain T-shirt and jeans, exactly the right spirit for her job. 
“Tall, curvy and with a pretty face” her closest friend Mandy, had once told her. “What more do you want from your life, Val?”
 What indeed, thought Val as she closed her little apartment door behind her. 
She walked the few meters it took to reach the train railways, or the Overground, like the majority of Canton called it. The Overground had four main lines and was extending like a spider web all over Canton City and its Outskirts, connecting all the major hotspots with the majestic Tower at its centre.
 Val lived on the south-eastern part of the City and she rode the Overground for exactly 36 minutes, in order to get to the northern-eastern Outskirt, where her company was. It was a fairly long ride, but it was worth it. Because Val could see the Tower every day. She was riding the Overground for two months now, and even though she saw the Tower every single time, it never failed to impress her, as she found new hidden details on the complex structure.
 The Tower’s height was 496m, which caused its metallic thin point to look like it was touching the sky. The base of the Tower was made of three thick and impressively sturdy metal lines, directing away from its main circular core. 
In the “feet” of the Tower were shops and markets of any kind. A metallic cylinder was serving as the Tower’s main body, extending high towards the sky, thick at the bottom, slowly becoming thinner on top, until it reached an impressive open balcony with a sharp point in its middle. The pointy edge of the Tower was responsible for the signal and all communications of Canton City.
 Up until the middle, the thickest part of the Tower resembled metal liquid, a dark grey material shaped in long wavy strides, with large semi-circle windows on the entirety of its surface. 
The thinnest and highest part of the Tower was totally made out of glass, which sparkled bright on the sunny days and reflected the clouds on the rainy ones. The balcony itself was of black metallic colour, and its tip a mixture of fiery red and light blue, all three colours of the Deities. 
It was a work of art, and also a symbol of hope, a symbol of better times, when the human race thrived and still was in peace with the Deities, without being corrupt. 
Val was never a God-loving person. The death of her parents at an early age, her loving but tough years under social care, her rage issues and her three-year stay in the Asylum for the Mentally Challenged, well, it made her believe more on her own powers and less on the holy, spiritual ones. But still, she couldn’t help but having a warm feeling at her chest, every time she saw that Tower. A long awaited sense of freedom. 
She reached the steps of her company, went through the centre’s double automatic doors and took out her card. 
“Good morning, Val. Hell, you look better every single day.” 
The guard winked at her. She blushed and smiled back at him. She slammed her card on the machine.
 “Confirmed. Welcome, Valentine Stone.”
 A new day has come.
***
Canton Western Outskirts – 9:00, 20th July, 200 A.D
20 km further from Valentine Stone, lying in his antique, high-ceiling double-bed, John was waking up from his own perplexing dream. He didn’t feel sad or scared though. He had accepted his “dreams” a long time ago, even from his childhood years. 
John Lucas had dreams, but they were not his own. In his dreams he caught a glimpse of other people’s lives. The things that had happened and things yet to come. Past, present and future. That was his gift, in a time where gifts had simply ceased to exist, and Powers were forbidden.
 The dreams were almost always about people he knew. John could foresee people’s actions, and act accordingly to their situation. For his extraordinary “perception”, as his friends and teachers called his gift, and his high level of intelligence, John had been loved his entire life.
 He couldn’t deny that he enjoyed the fact. The only son of an extremely rich and famous bloodline, adored by his parents, always having the friends he wanted, and a little later the attention of the girls he wanted. 
At his sixteen, he was the youngest elected member of the Medical Academy, pursuing a doctor career, making his parents bursting with pride. On top of that, John was an exceptionally good looking guy. Standing at 1.80 with a lean and athletic build, with handsome facial features, soft brown hair, light brown eyes and glasses that actually suited him perfectly, John had everything he could wish for in life. Almost. 
Sometimes, John dreamt of a stranger, a girl unknown to him. He didn’t know how or why, but it, she, was the beginning of his dreams. 
John remembered that day clearly, when, in the middle of a class-break, he felt a weird buzz in his ears and a numbing feeling in his brain. 
Must be the sun, he’s thought then. I must…
He never got around finishing his thought. The buzzing sound got stronger, until he couldn’t hear anything else around him anymore. Not even the screams of his classmates, as he collapsed, shutting his eyes tightly. And saw her.
 A young girl, about his age, taller than him, beautiful in a very particular, melancholic way. She was dressed in black, crying silently. 
Even with the excruciating headache, John felt a twitch in his heart, connected somehow with the girl’s pain. 
Her parents are dead, he thought. So incredibly sad. 
And then the vision ended, with the piercing feeling in his brain gone, as abruptly as it came. 
After the incident, John was rushed to the hospital, and after a series of tests, the doctors re-assured his parents that it was a one-time event. The doctors asked John to inform them if any of the headaches continued.
He never told his parents or his doctors about his dreams. Luckily, it became a lot easier for him to tolerate the visions. The headaches and the buzzing continued, but John was now prepared. His life continued normally with just this small hindrance.
He co-existed with the mysterious girl, without her realising it, until his mid-teens. John’s visions of the girl varied, some shorter and some longer, other times interesting and other times not so much. But he always waited for the dreams with excitement, hungry with curiosity, ready to indulge in the mind of his strange visitor. 
He became short of attached to the visions, his vivid imagination racing, making scenarios of the two of them meeting, becoming friends, possibly even being together. He tried, with a number of ways, to find her amongst the thousands of Canton citizens, but failed. 
It took a long time for John to shake away his obsession with his mysterious girl. He succeeded by falling in loving with Aileen, a brilliant, brunette girl transferred in his high school. In his relationship with Aileen, John forgot about the girl, more or less. He was happy, totally love-struck, his mind flying high in the clouds. Pre-occupied with his studies and his girlfriend, he stopped having visions, thinking that this was the end of his strange gift. 
He couldn’t have been more wrong. 
 It was a hot summer day, and John was walking down the long hospital corridor, having just started with his medical training. On his way to his new patient, his mind went completely dark. It happened so fast and with such intensity, that John fell head first on the floor, as his whole body twitched and a dark stain appeared in his white pants, as he lost every control of his muscles. 
The girl, his girl, was a woman now, but she wasn’t happy anymore. She was dirty and powerless and broken. Her once beautiful hair were a filthy mess, and her body was thin, almost emaciated. She had two scars on her wrists, like handcuffs or restraints. She was siting curled in a corner crying. It was like a prison, or a really nasty institution. John knew, felt with all his strength that the girl was being punished for something she did. Her will was almost completely broken. The door opened and a female guard entered the cell… 
The vision ended again, as suddenly as it’d begun. But John wasn’t crawling in the ward’s floor as he originally had thought. He was in the patient’s toilet, secured from all the curious sights. Opposite him, just a few centimetres from his face, were two guys around his age. 
A white thin guy with long hair and a black bulky guy with a hospital’s robe. John recognised the both of them. The patient he was supposed to interview and his best friend who was with him most of the times. Now the only feeling he had was shame. He was there to supposedly help his patients, and here he was, stuck in a toilet, confused and embarrassed.
In the midst of his confusion and pain, John started talking, like he’d never done before. He cried and went-on bubbling, not really caring what the guys were thinking, not really caring about anything. 
“You are going to report me to the medical stuff now, aren’t you?”
John addressed them as his story came to an end, the back of his palm wiping away his own tears. 
“You go ahead, I am probably a lunatic, after all.”
He felt two hands in his arms. It was the big black guy, holding him tight.
 “No matter rich or poor, young or old, doctor or patient, everyone has his breakdown moments. We all have our ups and downs, I and that guy over there”, he pointed a finger at his best friend, “we have come to acknowledge this fact very well by now. I don’t know you and you don’t know us, but I think… I believe you. It’s crazy, I know, but I do. We both do. Right?” 
He took a quick look at his friend, and the boy nodded slowly. 
“If you need someone to talk, you know my room. I believe you were actually on your way to interview me right?” 
John nodded faintly. The big guy laughed heartily. 
“And that’s what you are going to do. Don’t let it get to your head. We all have our rock-bottom moments. I know my brother right there thinks I am a fool for believing you. I hope you are not sent by someone to mess with our already messed up heads.” 
He laughed again and his best friend also smiled behind him. John was sincerely moved, maybe for the first time in his life. He always had friends because he didn’t burden them with his problems. It was the first time he had friends because of them. 
With the support of his newly found friends, John found the strength to speak to Aileen about his visions and the mysterious girl. The revelation was too much of a shock for his girlfriend to handle. She suggested that they stayed alone for a while, and John had been in an on and off relationship with her ever since. His heart was still aching for Aileen, and sometimes he wished he’d never told her the truth, he even wished he never had this dream-curse.
His studies and his two friends became his everything. He only had one dream of the girl, his last one. She was a grown up woman by now, in a small apartment, lost and alone, but hopeful for the future, smiling faintly under her stream of tears. The vision left John with a sweet taste in the back of his mouth. At least you’re happy, sweetie. Happy and free from this wretched place. 
John’s life was mostly quiet, not that the stranger girl was gone from his mind. Until last week. The dream was so intense, so totally frightful, like nothing John had ever experienced before. 
In it, there was a man. A badly scarred, wicked man. The man was brilliant, so brilliant that John couldn’t help but feel awed, despite of himself, but his thoughts were poisonous and sinister. The man dreamt only of revenge and destruction. His past was filled with blood and loss, and now he wanted the people responsible dead, guilty and innocent alike. He wanted Canton to be his, and he had already plans to make his intentions true.
 John had two horrible visions of the man, both of them small and terrifying, both of them in the course of a week. This time he was so tired and scared, he didn’t have the courage to tell the others. Not yet.
John realized it was time to snap out of his trance. He was still in his bed, shivering, going in a thought rally, clearly an unintended one. He stood up from the double antique bed and went straight to the shower, intending to forget everything paranormal taking place in his life, strange girls and wicked men alike. He had his own life to take care of. He couldn’t afford living the life of others, too. 
***
Canton City Centre – 15:00, 20th July, 200 A.D
“Isn’t it a little early for us, to be starting with the heavy lifting? The party starts in six hours.” 
“Isn’t it a little early to start your complaining routine? Even a lazy bastard like yourself should have some self-respect, Seb.” 
His best friend Sebastian tried to give him a poisonous, you-drive-me-mad-kind of look, but all he achieved was to look amused and ridiculous. Then, unable to keep up with his seriousness, burst out laughing. 
Mike Barry smiled and continued his sacred job, which was making sure everything was ready for tonight’s concert. True, it was still a little bit early and the first people where likely to arrive in five or six hours, but he had no intention on running at the last minute like a madman. His commitment on his job came as a total contrast with his laid back, no-stress-whatsoever, character, but free-time was one thing, and work was another.
Mike honoured his job, even thought he was just a bartender working in a club, and not some highly important Council employee. But, the fact that “Just Dance” was the most popular club in Canton and its owner, Brian, loved Mike like his son, was enough to make him word as hard as he could .
Mike was no stranger to harsh life moments, having experienced more than one difficult periods in his life, not just the one Brian pulled him out of. It wasn’t easy being the firstborn of a black/white marriage, especially one when neither grandparents wanted or approved. Living in Canton’s Outskirts, along with the poor workers, junkies and homeless was not either.  
Despite the difficulties his family was facing, Mike had a happy childhood. His mother loved him, and his father, although strange and quiet, loved him too. The problems begun when he lost his job. His father took up drinking, arriving often late at night, spilling his guts out and sleeping on the couch. He was never violent, more apathetic and estranged. Mike’s mother tried with all her power to save him from his drinking nightmare, but no matter how many times his father had promised to quit, it was what ultimately killed them both. 
Mike received the news at 3 o’clock in the morning, as he was putting his little siblings, Sheila and Denver, three and four years old respectively, to bed.  The phone rang and Mike picked it up totally pissed off, being certain that this was a prank, wanting desperately to believe that it could be nothing more than a prank, because if it wasn’t, at this hour… 
The voice in the telephone informed him, with the right level of seriousness and compassion, that his parents had a car accident. Alcohol intoxication, most likely. They had both died instantly, feeling no pain. Alone with his siblings, Mike rushed to the hospital. 
He would never forget the moment he saw his parents’ faces, white like a sheet of paper. He didn’t have time to say anything. He couldn’t tell them that it was all their fault, that they were selfish and mean, bringing three children in this world and then dying drunk in a freaking car accident. He couldn’t tell them that he loved them, that he hated them. Nothing. He had been only sixteen at the time. 
His life was devoted to his siblings after that. He took up a part-time job, slowly pulling away from his friends, skipping school. The only bloody fool, who stubbornly refused to leave him alone, was Sebastian, his long-time best friend. Sebastian was not so good around kids, but he tried his best with Mike’s siblings, being their babysitter when Mike was at work. 
Their close friendship, inevitably, started some nasty rumours about them. Despite his calmness and optimism, Mike was furious with the situation. He didn’t care about the gay-couple thing, after all it was no-one’s job to judge who slept in his bed. But after a while the bullies started getting violent, and that was something Mike wouldn’t allow. 
The incident happened a hot afternoon, two years ago. Four classmates cornered Sebastian in a dirty alley, threatening him with knives. Unknown to them, Mike was there. His rage took over, and he beat the four bullies to a pulp. The only thing he could clearly remember, was his bloody fists and Seb’s terrified gaze. 
There was a trial, and then there was the ward for young offenders. Mike’s memory of those events was a haze, the only thing still holding him to life his two siblings and his best friend. Then his second ray of light came unexpectedly, in the face of a young doctor called John Lucas. John’s story was quite unusual, but Mike was the crowned king of unusual situations. The three of them connected with a deep friendship, which still held on to this day. 
John helped Mike in every way possible, starting from his treatment. He stayed in the wretched ward for six months, but when he finally got out, a job was waiting for him at the J.D club, also courtesy of John. The owner was a personal friend of the Lucas family, and took Mike in, without paperwork or lots of questions. And Mike proved out to be a worthy employee. He pulled the work of three people, without complaints, and was proud to be able to support his little family. Two years had gone by, quiet, without trouble.
As he pulled the last boxes for tonight’s show, listening to Seb’s moans and complains, Mike smiled. Life had treated him kindly, after all.  
***
“Why do I need to carry these boxes anyway? I am the thinker and you are the worker, remember. That was the deal. And I thought you owned me for life or something like that.”
 Sebastian Stanford was complaining, something he allowed himself to do only in his presence of his best friend. Mostly, he was quiet, preferring thinking over speaking. He didn’t think himself special, or anti-social, or a loner for that fact. Long conversations were something he’d gladly indulge to, when it was with the right person. And Mike was one of the right ones. 
He blamed his upbringing for his eclectic taste in people. Seb’s parents were two sterile, unhappy people, waiting patiently for the only thing that could bring happiness in their life: a child. 
Their patience finally paid off, when Seb was born, after a series of failed pregnancies. Alas, the little baby was theirs and theirs alone. Seb was not allowed to leave the house, bring friends over or hell, even have friends at all. He was home-schooled and home-everything, until one holy day, his few relatives intervened, convincing his parents that the little guy had to go outside, to grow up normally like the rest of the people in the Island. 
With tears in their eyes, his parents send him to his first day of school when he was already nine years old. He was the school’s joke for a long time, the weird kid with the even weirder parents. But he was happy anyway. He was around people for the first time in his life, and soon he made friends, people he really cared about. He was smart, with a subtle humour that made people around him comfortable. And most importantly, he felt, at last, free.
His freedom came with a price. He had enemies, classmates who hated his weird charm and popularity, as well as his straight A’s. He was often bullied verbally, as well as physically. His salvation came on the face of Mike, an enormous classmate from a messed-up family. The guy became his bodyguard, and Seb became his teacher, helping him with his school grades.
 Before any of them had time to realise, they became inseparable. Seb spent more time in Mike’s house than his own, irritating his parents, who just couldn’t accept that their precious only son had a lowlife, black kid as his best friend. He didn’t care. In fact, Seb had stopped caring about his parents’ opinions a long time ago. 
He was devastated after the death of Mike’s parents. And even more so, with the rumours that started spreading like wildfire, leading to the ultimate showdown against his classmates. 
The days after the “incident” were the hardest in Seb’s short life. The four guys had cornered him for good, and he would be molested, or even dead, if not for Mike. He felt terrible guilty about his existence, about his weakness. His parents made things worse by forbidding him from seeing “that criminal” ever again. 
That criminal saved my life, Sebastian would repeat over and over again, but they wouldn’t listen, they never had. It was then when he said his final goodbyes to his old home and the people who gave birth to him, taking only a bunch of stuff as souvenirs, as he left for good. 
He became Mike’s roommate and together, they faced his stay at the hospital ward. Somewhere along the way, John Lucas joined them, and the duo became a trio. It was refreshing to have a new member on the team, one with new ideas, opinions and connections. John was the missing link on the chain, and together they made it through. In the end that was all that mattered. 
“Dude, it’s falling!” Mike screamed.
“What?” Seb asked absent-mindedly, before two sets of glass rows fell on the floor with a loud bang. 
“Oh for the love of the Deities, the boss is going to kill me.”
“I am so sorry, Mike, I am bringing the broom now. I’ll clean everything up, and I’ll pay…”
“Shut up, you idiot. It’s alright. I would just pay to know what freaking thought made you so damn careless.”
“Stuff” Seb said, and smiled despite of himself. “Past stuff.”
Mike’s mouth fell open, and then closed just as quickly. 
“Then no more past stuff thinking, ok? They make you incompetent. You’re only allowed to think about future stuff from now on. Like how we have to be extra fast in order to be ready for tonight.”
Seb nodded and headed straight for the broom. 
“And maybe, if you help me with those heavy-ass boxes, I’ll arrange for you to see her. In private.” 
The broom almost fell from his hand, as he turned his head around in an insane speed. Seb would have a chance to see Amy Wyatt. The best new singer in the Island. His silly celebrity crush. 
“Seriously?”
Mike winked. “I’ll get Bryan to speak with her. I am sure she will at least give you an autograph, or something”
Seb flushed, and rushed to help his best friend. Maybe he indeed had a chance with Amy Wyatt. She was a human, after all. 
Maybe life was not so bad, after all. 
***
Just Dance Club & Bar, 20:00 – 20th July, 200 A.D
“You look amazing, baby.” 
“I have an amazing make-up artist to thank for that, Missy” 
“It’s really easy when the model is almost perfect on its own, sweetie.” 
Amy Wyatt blushed. She lowered her gaze and smiled nervously. 
“Even stars in the making blush, it seems.” 
Missy, her personal assistant laughed while teasing her. Amy remained silent while thinking about it. 
Great star in the making… almost perfect model… 
Missy’s words really boosted her self-esteem. And sometimes her self-esteem was lower than someone would guess. 
	She was standing in front of the big mirror in her small dressing room. She looked at herself, turning around in a cute girly fashion. 
Amy was by definition a small lady, with a height of 1.60 and a cute fit body, full with muscles and curves in all the right places. Her face was simply beautiful, with blonde long hair, high cheekbones, a small nose, pink full lips and big green eyes. Objectively, Amy was a perfect creature. She was also really pleased with herself, when it came to her looks.
 I wouldn’t want me any other way, she thought while looking straight in the mirror, turning left and right. Her broken self-esteem had nothing to do with her appearance. Her problems were deeply psychological, stabbing her brain like a thin needle when someone compliment her or tried to approach her, even as a friend. 
“I don’t even understand why they call you the Ice Queen” her assistant had told her one night, when too much wine consumption had turned them both pretty talkative. 
“True, you seem a little cold at first, but you are really sweet underneath Amy. At least after a couple of drinks”, she added laughing.
 Amy appreciated her words. She wasn’t cold or hard. She actually liked having people around her. As long as they kept their hands away…
Those monstrous long arms with their stone cold fingers, terrifying like a witch’s fingernails, touching her hair, her skin, her private parts, wanting to caress her but in reality hurting her, carving bleeding scars all over her body and soul…
She shuddered at the thought and came back to reality. 
“Another one of the anxiety attacks, darling?”
 “Yeah, it’s gone now. No point in worrying.”
Anxiety attacks, that’s what the whole world knew and believed. How was she supposed to explain them anyway? 
 “I am not worried, sweetie. It’s normal, in your age and line of work. Just breathe.” 
In your age and line of work. Yeah, perfectly normal if someone thought that she was nineteen and already a rising power in the singing industry of Canton, being higher in the charts than many newcomers. 
Amy was satisfied, but also afraid of her sudden rise to the top. She had taken up the offer of the record company mainly as a joke, but now people recognised her in the streets.
Too much exposure… Maybe she would consider taking a break, after her appearance in the club tonight.
 “You are going to be amazing as always, honey. With a voice like yours I wouldn’t have a care in the world. Just go out there and dazzle them like you always do” said Missy, reading her thoughts as usual.
 “Have you ever thought of trading the music stage for a successful physic career, Missy?” said Amy with her sarcastic, trademark tone.
 “I wish I was that powerful, baby. But I am only a mind-reader when it comes to you.”
 They both laughed and Missy came to her side at last with her clothes in hand. 
“Ready to dress up, darling?” 
 Amy nodded, sure about herself. “Totally”. 
*** 
It’s sure loud in here. Val took a deep breath and entered the crowded bar. Mandy, one of her few friends, had been talking about this event for over a month.
“You know you have to come over, Val. There are going to be drinks, a party buffet and lots of handsome men. You’ll be able to tell your children how you had the exclusive chance to see the biggest star of their era, when she was only a newcomer at the stage.” 
Val doubted that she could ever have any children, let alone talk to them about that particular period of her life. But she actually wanted to see the Wyatt girl. She liked her quite a lot, and her voice was indeed a rare and beautiful one.
She had made the decision spontaneously, too tired from work, but too intrigued not to join. As her eyes scanned the crowd for Mandy, she felt stares from all over. She’d done her best to look plain and simple, black midi dress with flat shoes and little make-up, but still… 
Val found Mandy sitting on a couch at the far-back. Two girls and a boy were with her, well-known faces from their University days. 
“You are here at last. We were all wondering where you might be” she said, as Val approached. Mandy’s cheeks were already red from drinking, and she giggled non-stop.  
The whole group was an easy-going, relaxed kind of crowd, making Val feeling extremely at ease with everyone, especially after the first few drinks. She knew her face must have also been a light shade of pink-red, because Mike immediately made a comment about it, when he finally made his way to her, a good hour after her arrival at the bar.
“Wow, you’re sure enjoying the free drinks”, he said as Val turned to look at him, letting out a small shriek. 
She had met Mike in a doctor’s office, both set to be examined in their return to society after a traumatic event. They had exchanged numbers, and they talked quite often through the phone, sometimes even in person. 
“You finally remembered me, you devil.”
Her try to stand up as fast as she can made her practically fall in Mike’s arms. 
“Do you want to fall on your head, Val? That will surely ruin your make-up. And you look so pretty tonight.”
Val blushed as Mandy’s head turned from Mike to her, and back again. 
“Do you have a boyfriend?”
“Don’t mind her, Mike, she doesn’t know what she is talking about. She is drunk” Val whispered and he burst out laughing. 
“You are the one to talk, miss. Come with me. I’ll borrow you for a while.”
Mike passed his arm around his shoulders, making her feel extremely comfortable. He was tall and intimidating, with broad shoulders, short-cropped hair and black coal eyes, but his aura was more than relaxing. 
They passed the stage, where Amy Wyatt shone with her presence. Also plainly dressed, she sung song after song non-stopped, fully excited. Near the club’s entrance stood a really tall, really thin guy, with long hair combed in a ponytail, and intense green eyes, who looked at the stage mesmerised.
 Sebastian, Mike’s best friend. Val had also met him a couple of times, and liked him instantly. His dead serious face dropped when he saw her and he welcomed her with a warm smile.
“Valentine, you look stunning tonight. I am glad you decided to show up. It’s the show of the century. She really is something, isn’t she?” 
Sebastian was talking more to himself than anyone. 
“She can definitely sing. And she is impressive, too. And totally out of your league, Seb, so stop drooling all over her, ok?”
 Val laughed, despite her good will. 
“Thanks a lot, dude” said Sebastian, but he was smiling too. 
Then he turned his head and looked towards the entrance door. 
“Mike, our friend is here.”
Mike’s eyes light up. “Ah, the doc finally decided to join us. Come Val, there is this guy I really want you to meet.” 
The first thing that Val noticed about John Lucas, was his age. He looked roughly the same age as them, maybe even younger, even though the guys referred to him as doctor. 
Second thing was his appearance. He was not really tall like Sebastian or broad like Mike, but his body had just the right proportions. And he was really good looking. Sharp symmetrical features, thick light brown hair and bright brown eyes. Even the glasses looked good on him. More than that, Val had an inexplicable feeling. A feeling of familiarity, even thought she was totally sure she’d never met him before. 
John caught a glimpse of them briefly, recognised his friends and started walking towards them, without paying much attention. His feet were moving mechanically towards them, but his eyes were clearly stuck to a sweet brunette girl standing at the bar with a pair of friends. He was truly preoccupied with that girl, but she was looking elsewhere. Almost like she wanted to ignore him. 
A thought dawned on Val’s mind. There is a story there. Maybe the guys want the “doctor” to meet some new people, take him away from his vain crush. 
She really felt excited now. Ready to know what the story was. She hadn’t been involved in a silly love plot for ages. And she wouldn’t mind getting to know the handsome doctor. It seemed unlikely that he would be interested in her, however. 
John reached their little company, finally taking his eyes from the girl in the bar, looking up. To the guys. And Val. And he froze. 
“Well since you finally decided to show up, let me do the honour and introduce you to a very importance friend of mine, Val. Val, here is John Lucas, yes THE famous Lucas.” 
Val was already extending her hand to John. 
“Nice to meet you, John. I am Valentine Stone. Just call me Val, if you’d like.” 
Her hand remained untouched, as John Lucas looked at her with big, watery eyes. When he finally did move, instead of shaking her hand, he took it in his own, grasping it, sort of caressing it. There was a strange warmth in his touch, but also creepy. 
Why?
 “Ahem, what…” 
Val tried to finish her sentence and failed. Because, suddenly, John hugged her. Tight, like a long lost family member being found. 
“John, you might be the most enthusiastic person I’ve ever being introduced too” said Val, trying to break the uneasiness.
 She looked at Mike for help, but failed. Mike’s jaw was nearly touching the ground from surprise. She herself felt really uncomfortable. John let go of her, but not of her hands. Her palms were now nestling inside his own. 
“Valentine. You have such a beautiful name. A rare one. It suits you. I am so glad that you are doing ok. I am so glad that I finally found you. The girl of my dreams.” 
Now it was Sebastian’s turn to be awed. His mouth shaped a round O and his face showed a mixture of feelings. Pure surprise, but also a sense of deep understanding. 
“Why are you scaring the girl, John? Are you finally out of your mind?” Mike turned and tried to apologise to Val, when he suddenly stopped dead in his tracks. His face changed rapidly. 
“Holy crap”, he exclaimed surprised and then remained completely silent, his eyes on Val. He was really looking through her, paying attention, weighting her personality. 
Val begun to feel really scared. With a swift move she freed her hands from John’s. He tried to catch her again, but Val took several steps backwards. The three guys stood next to each other, forming a straight line, with their mouths open, gapping. 
This was a mistake. She wanted to be noticed for once, after all this time, but this… this was totally out of control. 
“Listen, John, I don’t know if your way of flirting is successful with other girls, maybe. It’s certainly… unique. But all this “dream girl” thing is not really my thing, sorry. In fact, I think it’s time for me to get going. I don’t want to be late for work tomorrow.” 
She started heading for the door and suddenly, John Lucas decided to wake up and follow her, pleading for her to stay. 
“Valentine, please don’t go. You don’t understand. This isn’t flirting. I know who you are. I know everything about your life. I literally have been dreaming about you my whole life.”
 He caught up with her and he grasped her hand, again. Gently, but also firmly. 
You just can’t let go, can you? 
Her fear suddenly became anger, a flame bursting inside her chest. She turned swiftly, unexpectedly and grasped John by the collar of his T-shirt, surprising both him and herself with her strength. She held him tight, close to her face, his wide eyes centimetres from hers. 
“Listen dude, maybe you are crazy. Maybe that’s just your style of picking up girls. In any case, I am not interested. Get the fuck away from me, or you’ll regret it deeply, you hear me? Go find some psycho who thinks your behaviour is sweet.” 
She pushed him away, turned her back and started going.  John remained there, but instead of being enraged, he looked at her with sad eyes. 
“I just wanted to tell you, I am really happy you got out from that prison you were in. It looked awful. I am glad it didn’t break you. I am really happy for you, even if you think I am crazy.” 
Every fine hair in Val’s body stood up, for a second time in a seemingly very long day. She didn’t know if she felt scared or angry anymore. She felt nothing. She just froze in place. How the hell did that fucker know about the Asylum? Nobody knew about that. No one was supposed to know. Not even Mike was aware of the details. 
 John obviously translated her silence for understanding, thinking his trick had worked and started approaching her again. He was right behind her when Val started talking again. 
“I don’t know who you are or who sent you. She probably did. I warn you. Don’t even think of talking to me again. Don’t try to touch me and don’t follow me. You will regret it.” 
She said that in a low tone, almost a whisper but she knew, even with all the music and loud sound effects, he’d heard her. He didn’t move an inch. Everyone realised that something was wrong, many people looking at their way now, including the brunette girl. 
Val took a quick glimpse at the stage. Even Amy Wyatt looked momentarily in their direction, perplexed. It was time to go, and she was so close to the door. My escape route, she thought. 
She was already thinking a hundred ways of collapsing at home, when she felt it. She felt it before she saw the men coming. A sense of tiredness swiping her body, like she hadn’t slept for days or even months. She turned around, half believing that the creep had injected her with something, ready to call for help.
 And saw every single soul in the club falling to its knees, on their backs or their bellies to the cold stone floor. Everyone was fainting rapidly. Even the stage was empty now, with the Wyatt girl face down on the ground. John Lucas calling her name as he fell was the last thing she heard. Then she lost all consciousness. 
*** 
Vanessa Rehberg was standing in the middle of the “J.D”, amidst the few unconscious bodies that still remained, snoring lightly. Most of the kids were already being carried with their black vans in the Mansion. She couldn’t shake the word kids out of her mind, even though they were practically adults. But in her mind, they were just a bunch of spoiled brats. 
And, to them, you are just an ancient fossil. She shook her head as to avoid her thoughts and focused on her task ahead. 
 “How many still left?” she asked her workers. 
“Not many now, Mrs Rehberg. We will be ready within the next thirty minutes.”
“Good. Thank you.” 
Putting them to sleep was surely crude and tasteless, but it was the only way to carry them all in one piece, safe, sound and with absolute secrecy. The way Tom wanted it. Of course, he was now at his apartment, admiring the world from above, far away from this mess. And she had to be here, in the middle of the night, making sure everything was going according to schedule.
 No one was allowed to know where the kids really went. The excuse given to the parents was that their children were chosen to take part in a Council-program for the exceptionally gifted, a high honour really. 
And when those kids were powered up, properly trained and obedient, she would present them to the world, proudly. The Hero Team, her team, facing every threat in Canton, making the citizens forever grateful. Vanessa smiled cunningly. 
They’re not your property, they’re real people, her voice of reason whispered in her mind.
 But still, a little personal recognition wouldn’t hurt anybody. And maybe, just maybe, when the whole ordeal was done, she could also stay in a high-rise apartment with a city-centre view, like the High Counsellor, Tom Rosenberg was. Of course he was Canton’s highest authority and Vanessa his mere assistant, but still….  
The phone rang. 
“Speak of the Devil.”
 “You’ve been thinking of me? I am honoured.” 
There was a sad sweetness in Tom’s voice, and Vanessa felt her heart skip a beat. But she knew better than to answer. 
“I am sorry, Vanessa. How is it going down there? Are you already done?”
“No, we still need half an hour or so, until everyone is transported safely. How are you holding up, Tom? Are you overly-excited about this?” 
“Pretty much, I would say. In fact, I just look at the view and wish you were here…” 
Don’t do this. Not now.
 “Tom, I think you’ve had enough whisky for tonight.” 
There was an uncomfortable silence for a second.
 “I am sorry, Vanessa. It’s just that we barely even talk without the cameras and recorders in the Tower and…”
“That’s because we are partners, Tom. You are High Counsellor Rosenberg and I am your assistant”. 
And the days we were something more are over. 
She took a look at the door, having heard the footsteps.
 “I have to leave you now, the rest of the team is here. Goodnight.” 
Without waiting for an answer, Vanessa hang up the phone. She turned around and saw the four of them walking towards her. She smiled heartily and hugged everyone in turns. She had missed them so much.
Peter and his wife Priscilla, and the Fayde twins, Guido and Beth. The five of them had grown up together, raised together. Vanessa appreciated deeply each and every one of them. She couldn’t have picked any other team to help her train the little brats. 
“Vanessa, baby! You look amazing even at this hour! The Council suits you.” 
Beth Fayde approached her with quick steps, and hugged her tightly.  
Vanessa smiled and turned to look at Beth’s twin brother, Guido. Silent and with a deadly look on his face, Guido Fayde looked far more intimidating than his sister. In all truth, he was a really sweat and deeply intuitive man. In a rare sight of affection he smiled at Vanessa and touched her cheek lightly.  
 “We came to you as soon as we got the call, Vanessa. I guess I don’t have to tell you, you nearly gave us a heart attack. What a crazy-freaking-story. It’s so exciting for the Academy to be opening again. It will be our honour to help.”
 Peter spoke with his usually audacity, making everyone’s head turn. Priscilla nodded like a happy chirping bird at his side, her eyes shining and Vanessa couldn’t help but smile. 
“That’s great, Peter. Although we may have to deal with a bunch of supernatural enemies after eighty years.”
 They all looked frightened for a second, despite their usual courageous spirit. 
“Sorry. I really don’t want to be a party-breaker. And besides, a re-union is the best thing that could have happened right now, seriously. I hope I am not getting you out of your programs, guys.” 
“Everything is under control, Vanessa. A change of environment is always refreshing.”
Beth smirked mischievously, under her brother’s stern look.  
“And I hope your little monkey isn’t totally mad at me for taking you away from her for a while, right?”
 Vanessa addressed the Smiths, having their five-year-old daughter in mind. 
“She can stay with her grandparents for a few weeks, Vanessa. It’s no big deal. She knows she has to be strong for Auntie.”
 “Perfect. You’ll get more info on the matter back in the car. Just follow me.” 
They started walking again, but Guido lingered behind for a second, grasping Vanessa’s arm lightly. 
 “Someone is missing from the team. I am pretty sure I am not the only one to have notice.”
 Vanessa stopped right at her heels. She’d had a foolish hope that the subject of their lost partner wouldn’t be mentioned at all, but couldn’t have been more wrong. The others turned their heads and looked at her questioningly. 
I am not going to feel guilty for your sorry ass, Henry. 
“He is not coming. It’s just the five of us”. 
Guido nodded his head in agreement. 
“Fair enough”. 
And they started again, silent, to the exit of the club and the beginning of a new era.
***

2. The First Night
The new Academy -02:00, 21th July, 200 A.D
Val opened her eyes and tried to get up. Her muscles had this weird feeling…like she had been sleeping for a very long time, even though that was impossible. 
The club… That crazy John… The men… 
All haziness went away at once. She sprung up, found her balance and felt relief, being able to stand at her own two feet once again. 
What the hell?
That was Val’s first conscious thought. The scene unravelling before her eyes felt more like a dream than a piece of the real world. She certainly wasn’t in the club anymore. Not even in some kind of an emergency hospital room or something similar after her fall. 
The large room was circular in shape, with 8 vast marble pillars supporting its weight, four from each side. On the middle of the room, Val saw a podium large enough for only one person. The room’s ceiling was light yellow in colour, almost gold, with an amazingly detailed glass chandelier hanging down from it. The floor was covered with black, red and blue tiles, the colours of the Deities. And littered with bodies.  
 We were all in the club together. We started falling one after the other. Val’s head was starting to clear up, and crazy thoughts started forming at the back of her brain. The situation looked a lot like a kidnapping… but why? 
“Rise and shine.” 
A voice interrupted her thoughts. She turned around slowly and looked at the stalker. John Lucas. He was the first one who had fully regained his senses. Of all the people in here, you had to be the first, didn’t you? 
Val was perfectly ready to charge at him, but it was clear that John himself was struggling to keep a straight face, his complexion pale white.  
“Dude, are you ok?” 
She didn’t mean to be nice to him, but the question came out instinctively. This was clearly no time to fight. Somehow there were all landed in the same shitty situation. John looked at her and his face was full of sarcasm. 
“You talk to crazy guys now?”
 “Listen, if someone was following you, talking about dreams and destiny, and then started revealing stuff only YOU were supposed to know, what would you have done? Would you have stayed calm and be like, “Yeah ok let’s be best friends”? If you say yes, you’re lying.” 
John didn’t answer, but his face was now softer, and he seemed indeed sad, contemplating her words. Finally, he apologized.
 “I guess you’re right. I must have looked like a maniac to you, but I really didn’t have time to get into details. I was just really happy seeing you well and all.” 
 “Why? I certainly don’t know you. And don’t tell me you meant those dream stuff for real. You don’t seem that crazy after close observation.”
 He opened his mouth, wanting to explain, but was interrupted by Mike who was now almost next to them, yelling their names. He seemed awake, but at the same time still confused and emotional. 
“God, you guys are here too. And you are alive and well, too. I was ready to cry you know” he said, tremendously overreacting.
 “Forgive him, guys. He is still doped.”
Sebastian was right behind Mike, unsteady at his step, but totally clear on his head, his smart eyes trailing the people who were now getting up one by one.
 The rest of the people were rubbing their eyes and stretching, not fully realising where they were and why. A calm moment before the panic setting in. 
Seb’s eyes trailed from Val to John.
 “Before you start running, let John explain why he behaved this way. There really is a reason for all of this”. 
They were interrupted for a second time. The podium was suddenly light and the soft thumbing of heels was heard. Woman’s shoes, no doubt. 
The woman standing in the podium was a small, elegant redhead. Sweet face, high bone cheeks, elegant nose, cute full lips and big watchful eyes. The air of importance was obvious around her.
 Too cute for a kidnapper. 
The woman looked at them, in a cheerful manner, like they were all playing a collective game. When she spoke, her voice was loud and clear. 
“Greetings to each and every one of you standing here, in this very room, tonight. I am pretty sure you are terribly confused.”
The impatient whispers all around her was gone.
“But there was no other way to bring everyone on board. You see our loving Council isn’t always the most gentle, but is, definitely and without a doubt, the most thoughtful and resourceful. But let me introduce myself first. I am Assistant Counsellor Vanessa Rehberg, and the reason you are here tonight is our Council. And Deities.” 
A wave of shocked gasps shook the crowd. Vanessa waited until they died down. Then she took a deep breath.
“Let’s cut to the chase then, shall we? The Great War. You all know of it.” 
 “Taking about cutting to the chase” remarked Seb, intimidated. 
 “The War destroyed a great part of Canton’s natural resources and caused thousands to lose their lives. Our relations with the Deities were disrupted and the people lost their Powers. Since then we have entered a time of peace. Until now. For a while we’ve been receiving troubling signs of the West Villages. Disappearances, mysterious deaths and sightings. Just like the time before the War begun.”
 People gasped, others looked baffled, some even excited. 
“What the…?” John whispered. 
“We are still not sure what lays on those mountains. We lost every contact with our research team a while ago.” 
Vanessa sounded sincerely sad for their loss. 
“For a few years now, we have been working on restoring our relationship with the Deities. After a lot of discussion, always bearing in mind the latest events… After 72 whole years, Elonia and Aurelia decided to give people a chance. To give you the chance to become Heroes, like the ones of the old days.”
 The four of them looked at each other, mouths wide open. Before they had a chance to exchange words, someone was clapping. The gathered people turned their heads, towards the sound. Blond hair, green eyes, cute figure with a checkers T-shirt and black pants. 
The singer. Amy Wyatt. 
“Isn’t that a lovely story, Mrs Rehberg? A story about our reconnection with our benefactors. I have one single question however. Do we even get an opinion on this?” 
Amy’s face was a mask of disgust and rage. 
“We are real people, with real lives. You and your Council takes us all in the middle of the night, without asking, without warning and then you expect us to do what? Believe you? Get down on our knees and thank you because you will give us something we never asked for? Were we even asked if we wanted to fight? Do we even have a choice to see our families again? Or will the Deities send us in a mission without mercy? You said it yourself, that a fully trained research team is missing. Do you want us to die, too?” 
Vanessa wasn’t that surprised or hurt by Amy’s reaction. In fact, she merely showed a slight annoyance. It seemed that she was actually prepared for all possible reactions, because her answer was quick and merciless. 
“Mrs. Wyatt. The famous newcomer. Nice show, by the way.”
 Amy started turning red by the unexpected praise. 
“You are really a talented singer. I understand your point of view. Your life is exciting, maybe more than many others in this room. You may not want to change your singing career, in order to become a Hero. But you were chosen, mrs Wyatt. It is an honour, not a burden. You are not the Council’s prisoners. We just have to make sure you’ll master your gift, as fast and precise as we can. You are going to get all the help you’ll ever need. Only then, you will be allowed to take part in the operations.”
“Still, nobody asked us if we want to be a part of all of this. If we want to fight.” 
Vanessa looked at Amy, intensely. 
 “I know you are afraid. I am too. We’ve been in peace for a long time, and the mere chance of its disruption, frighten us. That’s why we need your help. Restoring the connection between the Deities and the people is of essential importance. We are the Daughters and Sons of the first Chosen People. We are different, special. The Goddesses chose us to be elevated, a state better than that of a simple man. You think that’s a burden? Just a mere responsibility? It’s not. You are blessed. We all are. It’s time again, time to realise who we are. A new era of prosperity for our Canton. Are you with me?” 
 She was speaking frantically now, real excitement in her face, and her words got to them. The people looked at her with eyes shining, full of expectation, minds filled with ideas. Possibilities. There were glorious legends about the Heroes of old days. Fame and power. 
What wouldn’t these people, these bored and disappointed young adults, seeing their ordinary, miserable lives fly by, give for a change to be stronger? To change their fate. What wouldn’t I give? 
“Do you understand the necessity, Mrs. Wyatt?” 
Amy slowly nodded her head, ashamed.
 “Yes.”
Vanessa smiled, pleased. 
“You can’t believe how glad I am. I would hate it if I had to lose even one of you. We are all part of this operation now. Let this be the start of the New Academy and its brave new Heroes.” 
Claps and cheers were heard. Some people were embracing. 
“It’s kind of scary how many people are exciting about this,” said Sebastian trying to sound disapproving, but his look was also one of a hungry anticipation.
 Val smiled at him, still uncertain herself. She felt a little bad for Amy Wyatt, who had disappeared in the wave of the crowd.
 The girl is right. Council or not, we were dragged against our will. Even for a glorious reason. 
Vanessa took a good look at her watch, before speaking again.
“I guess you all have a lot of questions on your heads. And truth be told, it’s the middle of the night. I suggest you all take a good night’s sleep, and we’ll talk in the morning. You’ll find all the help you need outside.”
*** 
In her way out with Mike, Sebastian and John, Val felt two hands attacking her from her coverless left side. Mandy was there, her eyes tired, her face full of excitement. 
“We are Heroes, girl. Aren’t you happy?” 
From this whole evening business, Mandy’s reaction was the least surprising one. It actually lifted Val’s spirits quite a lot. 
“Still a little numb, I would say. But I am trying to deal with it. I see you are totally ready for an enemy face-off.”
 Mandy shrugged. 
“Val, it’s just a project. Come on, don’t be so stiff. It’s not like we are going to fight Wagner or something. The lady even said so herself.”
“The “lady?” Val said, slightly ironic. Mandy shrugged again.
 “Ok, of course I don’t trust the overly polished lady with the pearly white smile and the almost two much of a goodie attitude, OK? But I am bound to be excited in my life, once or twice.”
“You are always excited, Mandy, one way or the other.” 
“Fair enough. It’s better to always be excited than never.” 
She stuck her tongue out and Val couldn’t help but laugh. 
“Well if it isn’t another lovely lady in our group tonight! Mandy, right?”
 Mike did a comical little bow, and Mandy looked at him doubtfully. 
“What’s wrong with him?” 
Sebastian shook his head. 
“I think his true self is coming to light after our abduction, Mandy.”
 Mike ignored him. John cleared his throat and ruffled his hair awkwardly, indicating a weird kind of charm. 
He is one of those people with natural charisma, thought Val. Like Amy Wyatt. Even wiping their asses feels charming, damn it. 
But Mandy didn’t seem charmed. Instead, she opened her eyes wide, shocked.
 “Wow, you are the psychopath that followed Val in the club. What are you even doing here?” 
Everyone looked at Mandy intensely. Val nudged her in the ribs. 
“It’s alright now. It was just a misunderstanding.”
 Mandy looked at her, a meaningful look crossing her face. 
“I mean, it’s really nice to meet you. I truly adore psychopaths.”
 Mike and Seb covered their faces with their palms. John gave in and smiled back. 
“And it’s my pleasure to converse with normal people, sometimes. Nice to meet you, Mandy.” 
The glowing Great-Boards hanging from the ceiling, next to the enormous staircases, were of the latest state of art. Sebastian took his time admiring them, giving a low whistle. 
“They certainly didn’t go cheap on us” he remarked. “These babies are really expensive prototypes.” 
“Your Council loves you, Sebastian Standford” Mike remarked, the sentimental wave gone from his voice. 
Val observed the Boards with great interest. There were five of them, five totally flat and thin glass surfaces, full with names and birth dates. The Academy candidates. There were also two numbers standing right next to the dates. Room number and something called a PA number. 
We could use some help. 
In front of each one of the Great-boards stood a hologram of a person, a form of a helpful artificial intelligent. Their AI guide’s looked extremely life-like.
 They really did spent a lot of money in this place, thought Val. Their effort is remarkable. 
Mandy approached one the AIs trying to be as friendly and sweet as possible. 
“Well hi there, kind sir. Could you help us please? We would like to know what those two numbers on the screen are. This PA…” 
“PA number and Room Number. Of course miss Wheeler.”
“Wow.” Mandy took a step back, surprised. 
Sebastian was drooling all over the hologram. 
“This is incredible.” 
And a tiny bit scary.
The AI talked. 
“Your PA number is the number of your Personal Assistant device.” 
It showed them a pile of stacked, rectangular, black devices, like small boxes. 
“You all get to carry one with you. It is personally marked with your Data and can be used for communication and navigation. Your Room number is the number of the room you are going to be staying during your Training process. All the rooms are located on the first floor just above the Great Staircase. Male Rooms on the right side, Female Rooms on the left side. You can find a map of the building in the PA. The rooms are divided equally, calculated on your personal preferences.”
“Meaning?” asked Mike slightly confused. 
“Meaning you, Mr. Barry will be staying with Mr. Stanford and Mr. Lucas over here.”
 The three of them high-fived, excited. 
“We are going to be room buddies, guys. Damn, it’s like a dream coming true.” 
Mike bear-hugged the both of them. 
“Yes, we love you too Mike” Sebastian uttered. 
“And what about us?” Val asked with a low voice. 
“You Mrs. Stone, are paired up with Mrs. Wheeler over here…” 
“Yipee!” Mandy shouted 
“…and Mrs. Wyatt.” 
Everyone fell silent, their mouths hanging open. 
“Amy Wyatt? THE Amy Wyatt?” 
The AI nodded in agreement. 
“Correct. Mrs. Wyatt was one of the last ones left, so we thought it would be a good pair for you two. If there are any complaints, then you can always file for a change.” 
Mandy looked at Val, rising up her shoulders. 
“We’ll just wait and see, Mandy. Maybe she’ll turn up fine.”
 “I think you’ll have plenty of time to clear this issues up” said the hologram, totally professional. “Mrs. Wyatt is approaching.” 
They all turned their backs at the hologram and looked at the blonde girl standing right in front of them. She actually looked a lot more timid than the rest of them. 
At least we all know each other, thought Val. She is a complete stranger. It must be really awkward for her. 
“Hi. Are you girls Mandy Wheeler and Valentine Stone? We have the same room number so I thought I’ll come find you first. Since we’ll be spending our nights together and all.” 
Mandy approached, taking her hand in hers, her eyes glimmering huge. 
“I am really glad, Mrs. Wyatt. I am a big fan of yours. It’s an honour.”
 Amy was turned light red, her face hot. 
“Glad to be sleeping with my fans. Not in the naughty sense of the way though.” 
The boys laughed. Mike looked at the little blonde and sighted.
 “Too bad we don’t have mixed rooms.” 
***    
After they were done with explanations, and having received their PAs, the company took off with Amy Wyatt at their side, sharing whispers. Val fell a little behind, staying on Amy’s right side. 
“Amy, listen, I know it’s a little awkward saying this, especially since we don’t know each other and all, but... you were right on what you said to Rehberg.” 
Amy looked uncertain. 
“Val, is it? There is no need for fake sympathy, ok? I screwed up. I can face it on my own.” 
“I am not trying to be sympathetic with you, I am just telling you my honest opinion. You were right telling all these things, because they are true. They did take us by force and didn’t even ask if we wanted to be here or not. Why would I even want to be sympathetic to you? I don’t even know you or know if I like you.” 
She was a little rougher than initially intended. 
Nice ice-breaker, Val. 
Amy was totally taken aback with her attitude, her eyes wide. She was actually smiling, however. 
“You don’t hold back Val, do you? Truly honest. I don’t see that often. You have to forgive my attitude. People call me arrogant because I always tell the truth, even when it gets uncomfortable to hear. I am so used being pampered up, I don’t really understand when someone is being honest with me.”
Val chuckled. “Yeah and I sometimes yell with no reason at all. So I guess we are even. But seriously, you were right. I mean being absolutely glorious with a Power is one thing and kidnapping is another.” 
Amy looked at her with true interest, and then lowered her head. Under her red cheeks, she was smiling.
 “Thanks again, Val. But what is done is done. I was also a curious coward in the end. If I believed anything of what I said, I should have told Rehberg to stick her new Academy in her stuck-up ass. But I didn’t.” 
She looked disappointed in herself. 
“There was nothing you could do, Amy. Anyone would have stayed. The promises took the better of you, is all. No one can resist being an Academy Hero, much more after seventy whole years.”
 John said with a low voice, entering the conversation. 
They all seemed a lit bit more relaxed, Mandy chattering away happily with Sebastian and Mike about her future Power. Amy looked at John with interest, as he fell back to join the two girls. 
“Thanks, creep.”
 “No problem, Princess.” 
Amy turned red in an instant. But her eyes were at ease.
 Ice broken. 
***
“So this is what I managed to learn from this thingy here so far.”
Seb had been able to decode his PA settings in seconds. Everyone stood next to him, looking with full attention. 
“So, we are standing in the middle of the first floor, directly in the Great Staircase. To our left side, as we’ve already seen, is the meeting Chamber, where Rehberg made her speech, as well as the collection of Great-Boards.”
Everyone nodded. 
“To our right, the map indicates a big rectangular room called the Main Hall. Further on the back, behind the Main Hall, is the Training Room.” 
“Wow, they really had some imagination with the room titles” Mike remarked.
“Upstairs are our rooms, like AI Kevin told us. Right staircase for boys, left for girls. On the second floor is the Library. And that’s all there is to it, for now.” 
“Ok, doesn’t sound so bad” admitted Mike. “Pretty straight forward actually. I hope our girls don’t get lost.” 
“If someone like you thinks the lay-out is easy, then we have absolutely no problems of getting lost,” Amy responded. 
“Hmm, the new girl has a tongue for speaking as well as singing. I’ll be damned.” 
Amy stuck out her tongue at Mike. 
“I am glad you are making new friends, Mike. And you, Amy,” said Seb, amused. 
 Amy turned at his direction and smiled, and Sebastian’s face shone bright. He cleared his throat. 
“I think it’s also a good idea to exchange our PA numbers, before going to sleep.” 
***
They did exchange their numbers, and once they were ready, parted ways at the Grand Staircase. Mike and Seb ascended lazily, drugging their tired bodies, saying their goodbyes to the girls. 
John lingered at the end of the Staircase. 
“Can we talk for a while?” 
Val’s desire for the truth was stronger than her tiredness. 
“Of course.” 
They waited until Mandy and Amy entered their collective room, sitting at the top of the Grand Staircase. Val gathered a bunch of approval looks from girls, who smiled sweetly at John. He just smiled back politely. 
When the parade was done, John started to talk. He told her everything, about his dreams, his visions, the glimpses of her life. 
“I know it’s kind of embarrassing but I feel like you’ve always been my companion, Valentine. Not sexual or anything,” he hastily added, “but just there. Like a friend who moved to another town, but still kept contact.” 
Val was sceptical. 
“Did you also have dreams of other people, except me?”
 Yes, a grotesque deformed man who wants to see the world bleed. 
“No. Feelings about certain events, premonitions, if you prefer, then yes. I could always foresee and prevent or encourage certain people from doing things. But it’s another thing entirely when I see you, Val. The visions I have for you are as clear and detailed as films.” 
“But why?” 
John sighted. 
“I don’t have the slightest idea." 
Val stayed silent for a while, contemplating his confessions. Then she heard John chuckling.
“What’s so funny?” 
“The last dream of you. I thought it impossible at the time, but now…”
“John, what is it?” she said smiling, nudging his ribs.
“You were exactly like you are now, a woman not a girl. You were dressed in total black, standing in a cavern or something similar. In front of you was the desert. Nothing for miles to see but sand and rocks. And then you jerked your hand,” John mimicked the move, “and you produced an aura so beautiful, like a thin veil. A blue one. And you were powerful. I could feel it. And then it was gone.” 
Val’s mouth hung open. 
“That’s amazing. And a little frightening, but still… If you’ve told me about your dream two days ago, I would have called you a lunatic, as I did in the club. But after tonight…” 
“Everything is possible.”
How I wish that was true. 
John yawned despite his will. 
“I think I am tired after all. I am glad we cleared this up, though Val. And I am really glad you are doing ok. We all have better days awaiting for us, I can feel it.” 
They looked at each other, and for a while, they were just the two of them in the world.
 “I am glad you finally found the girl of your dreams.” 
***
Val could hear John’s feet climbing up the stairs in search of the boys. When he was gone, she gave a long sight and started for her room. It had been a long day and the only thing she could think of, was the sweet bed the Council must have provided for her.
 Then something caught her eye. A shadowy figure standing in her right side. Val turned around, assuming an offensive stance, a movement she had learnt so well at her two years stay at the Asylum. 
So much for perfectly safe. 
The shadow walked slowly towards her, revealing the real face, behind the mask of darkness. A short body, thin like a plank, boyish even. Dark-brown curly hair falling to the base of her neck, with two small black eyes, upright nose and thin lips which completed the face of the stranger. A face whose expression was one of pure contempt for the girl standing in front of her. 
“Are you seriously thinking of hurting me, Val? It wouldn’t surprise me actually, from a person like yourself.” 
Val let her hands fall to her sides. From all the shocks she could have received in a day’s time, from her morning dream to the incredible pressure of becoming a Hero, this took the cake. 
“Alice. Alice fucking Green. From all the people in Canton, from all of the Counties and Provinces, Aurelia thought that you are suitable for a Power. Or did your father pushed you into the Academy against everyone’s will, like he always does?” 
The contempt was gone from the girl’s face, leaving its place to anger.
 “You dare saying that, you filthy poor orphan? You, the one who almost killed me 4 years ago?” 
Val looked at her with an ironic expression. The injustice of the event still hurt her to this day. 
“You are lying, Alice, even to yourself. I wasn’t going to kill you and you know it. I just wanted you to feel the fear all those kids felt when you were bullying them. But it’s not the same when someone does that to you, is it?”
 Val whispered in a low, threatening voice, totally on edge. She was happy to see Alice taking a step back. 
“In fact if we want to talk about destroyed lives, why don’t we talk about my life? How you and your precious Counsellor daddy threw me in that Asylum in hopes of going insane, even dying? You are surprised to see me here, standing in front of you, aren’t you? Because the filthy poor orphan is in fact stronger than you imagined. And that’s what makes you so angry.” 
Alice’s expression changed into one of pure sadistic pleasure. 
“Yes, it’s true. You should have died in there. With the other loonies, like you deserved. But I think, it’s actually better this way. Because now, you are definitely going down and I am going to be there to enjoy it. In fact I will bring you down with my own hands. And not only you, but your new friends as well. Even that cute little boyfriend you were chatting with just a few seconds ago.” 
Now rage fused with panic in Val’s mind. That was how Alice always won in the end. With threats about the people you loved.
 She tried standing up to her, defiant, but her will was already broken. 
“You have a big idea about yourself, Alice. We are not high school kids anymore. Besides, there is a reason why everyone is in this. It’s because of our strength. You can’t take me down that easily. Not this time.” 
Alice turned away from her without answering, like the conversation didn’t hold the least interest for her anymore. She turned around to give Val one last look of pity.
 “Goodnight Val. Enjoy your peace while it lasts. Because in this Academy you are going to be taught the most important lesson of your life. Do not mess with the Greens.” 
Val didn’t know how many seconds or even minutes she stood there, frozen in place. When she was finally, once again, able to move, she walked towards her room, reaching for the inside. Her eyes were watery as she laid drained in her new bed, humming herself into an uneasy sleep.

3. A Test of Fears
Val woke up from the girls’ cheery sounds. Despite her heavy head, she knew exactly where she was. And why. Her dreams had been uneasy, and cold. She had yelled at her dead parents’ backs, but they wouldn’t turn to face her. Then a little hand touched her back, and a voice said
“I told you it’s time to wake up, didn’t I?” 
and Val knew it was the girl that had started all of this mess, but when she turned around to confront her, she was gone. 
Now standing at the edge of the bed, Val realized that she was seeing her room for the first time, in the light of day. It was a simple bright rectangular, a large entrance door at one edge, a window on the other. The room’s main space was occupied by three rather large beds. Opposite them stood one enormous wardrobe, divided in three parts. Amy and Mandy were sitting in front of it, exclaiming their surprise. 
“Look, Amy, they even have our old clothes in here. And new ones in the right size. They really know their job in the Council, eh?” 
“I am more concerned about those top ones, though. I don’t suppose they expect us to wear those, do they?” 
Val looked up the way Amy was pointing. There was a huge hanging pole full with strange clothes, who were certainly not their own. White tops and black pants, in every shape and tone, formal and informal. 
“With those we’ll probably look more like accountants than Heroes.” 
The two girls turned their heads simultaneously. 
“Sorry, Val, we woke you up…” Mandy started apologizing. 
Val shook her head, in a calm gesture. 
“No problem. I had to wake up at some point, didn’t I?” 
Amy turned around and looked at her with her almond green eyes. 
“Had a good night’s sleep?”
 “Of course. Dreams full of green fields and peaceful sunsets.”
 Amy laughed. 
“Sounds nice.”
 Val got up from her bed and stood next to the girls facing the closet. 
“So I guess we are supposed to wear something from those hanging outfits, right?” 
Amy sighted. 
“Yes. We received a message in our PAs. 12 o’clock in front of the Training rooms. Don’t be late. P.S Dress in black and white.” 
“Well, the clothes themselves are actually pretty tasteful. It’s just that… we are all going to look the same” Mandy admitted.
 “I think that’s what they want, Mandy. A team assembly. They probably think they’ve thought of everything.”
 Val thought of yesterday’s encounter with Alice Green and shuddered. Well, she thought, they definitely haven’t thought of this. 
They barely had time to eat a healthy portion of breakfast in the Main Hall, before they made their way to the Training Room. Mandy was caught up in a conversation with some friends of hers, so it was up to Amy and Val to find the boys. Val searched the crowd in vain when Amy surprised her with her concerned tone. 
“Val, listen to me” she started. “Yesterday in your sleep, I think… I think you were crying. Did John Lucas upset you somehow?” 
No, Amy, John was the one person that didn’t upset me. 
Val shook her head. 
“No, of course not. He seems like a really good guy, to be honest. It’s the whole new situation that’s been bothering me. I will be alright in a couple of days. Don’t worry, Amy.” 
Amy nodded. 
“And you probably also have enough on your mind, if you stayed up last night watching me crying. Do you need help with something?”
 Val asked, in an attempt to be polite and change the conversation.
 Amy seemed really panicked for a second, standing frozen in place. When Val was ready to shout at her, Amy snapped out of her trance, as suddenly as she had entered it. 
“No, of course not, Val. I think I can pretty much handle everything on my own.”
A light touch on Val’s waist interrupted their conversation, and she turned around to see John looking at her, Sebastian and Mike right behind him.
“Good morning, sunshines!” Mike exclaimed, excited.
 “Isn’t it totally unfair that men look so good in shirts and black trousers, Val?” 
She had to agree with Amy on that part. The trio of men looked extremely good. With their white T-shirts and black pants, they looked just enough serious for the job. 
“I wouldn’t even think that such a thing was possible with you three,” said Amy, raising an eyebrow.  
“It’s certainly better than a white top and black shorts” said Mike and stuck out his tongue. 
Amy opened her eyes wide and sulked. John pinched Val’s arm and she smiled.
 “You also look great, girls” he said. Val felt totally comfortable in her black tight jeans and shirt. Looking pretty was of secondary concern to her. 
“Well, the point is, why do we all have to look so good in 12 o’clock in the morning?” wondered Seb. “Because I definitely hope there is a point in all of this”. 
The moment he finished his sentence, Vanessa Rehberg appeared, right in front of them. She wasn’t standing at a podium this time, therefore she looked small and cute, much less intimidating than the night before. Val stood in the middle of the crowd, listening to her voice.
 “Good morning, people. I hope you all had a good night’s sleep, because the following two days are going to be long ones.” 
Exclaims were heard from the crowd. 
“There is nothing to worry about”, Vanessa said, sincerely amused. “I just wanted to welcome you once more and wish you the best of luck for the rest of the day. I have a few matters to attend to, but I will leave you in really good hands. Peter, will you please?” 
A charming tall guy roughly Vanessa’s age, with light brown hair and eyes, and a wide smile in his face, took her place, and looked at them with overflowing confidence. 
“Greetings to you all, future Heroes. And Heroines of course.”
 He pointed gently at some girls and they chuckled silly. The boys rolled their eyes, but Val felt mildly amused. 
“A male teacher crush. How original” Seb pointed out. 
“Well, you have to admit, he looks kinda cute” Amy said, earning an outraged look from Sebastian. 
	The instructor continued, unmoved by the events taking place around him. 
“My name is Peter Smith. I am your main instructor. I would also like to welcome you to our Academy, like Vanessa before me. So, let’s start with the basics of this crazy journey, shall we?” 
Peter cleared his throat and started his speech. 
“Many of you are wondering where we are. I can only tell you that we are at the Eastern part of the Island. The exact location is a secret, as to avoid over-worried parents and clingy partners. Unfortunately, you are not allowed to see your loved ones for the course of your training. Which is estimated for two or three months.”
There were some signs of protest from some people, but Peter hushed them with his hand. 
“Your loved ones are in good hands, if that’s what you’re worrying about. Distractions are strictly forbidden.” 
The whispers died down in an instant, and Peter rubbed his hands, excited. “Before we start with the interesting stuff, I’d like you to meet the rest of your Instructors.” 
Three figures moved from the darkness of the room to the entrance, where Peter stood. 
“Priscilla Smith” Peter pointed to an extremely tiny, thin woman, with mousy curly hair and big wet eyes, “the boss of the Library and my wife.”
 Exclaims of disappointment came from the crowd, but Peter perceived them with the wrong way. 
“Oh don’t worry guys, you won’t have obligatory classes or anything like that. The Library only exists to help you understand the process of your journey.”
“God, he’s slow” Amy said, and Sebastian laughed.
“Told you so.”
 “And our crowned wrestling champions, the Fayde Twins, Beth and Guido.”
 Peter presented the two siblings standing next to each other and Mike jerked Val’s hand violently. 
“Val, remember the video I send you once? The two on two pro-wrestling.” 	Val did. Even though she was no fan of sports, she was mesmerized by the siblings’ techniques, who were considered the best of the whole Canton.
 “They do look different in reality.” 
Guido Fayde, the brother, was a rather short, well-built dark guy, with black eyes and a lot of facial hair. He looked serious, with an undertone of sadness in his face. 
His sister, Beth, was exactly the opposite, totally extravagant, having the same dark tones in her skin and hair, with heavy facial make-up, a high-ponytail and heels. 
“Of course, you won’t be facing them today. We don’t want you dead from the first day. The task at hand is a lot simpler than that, actually. And totally harmless. You are all going to enter the Training room, one person at a time. And you’re going to face what lays inside.”  
***  
The Training room was, in fact, nothing more than a large rectangular area made out of three quarters metal and one quarter glass-display. The ceiling was full of led lights, the floor of thin silver ceramic. 
Against the inner wall laid a big screen, designed for the crowd, who was about to watch the process of whatever-the-hell was about to take place inside the room. The screen flashed brightly as everyone reached the glass wall, taking their sits in the metallic benches. 
“So, this is where your first test is going to take place”, Peter said. 
“The names will appear in random order so that everyone gets an equal chance at competing. It’s not going to last longer than 5 minutes per person, I guarantee you that.” 
Some people laughed, but it was a nervous laughter. 
“Damn, are they all edgy” whispered John, standing right next to Val. 
“They damn well should be. Just go in there and face what lays inside. What kind of instruction is this? And why is Smith smiling all the time like he is on drugs? Weird shit, man” replied Mike, sweating.
 Amy chuckled. 
“Weren’t you eager to start with the training?” 
Mike gave her a threatening look. 
“Today, only half of you are going to be tested, which is going to probably take up most of the day. Maybe we’re lucky and have some early epiphanies.”
 Peter finished his sentence and smiled again. The girls in the back chuckled.
 “Gee, he is a married man, at least show some respect to his wife”, said Seb.
 “I think his wife is used to it, Sebastian. Besides, he clearly likes the attention.”
“Don’t we all?” said Val, quietly.
 “There is not really any advice I can give you. You go in there and show them, who’s the boss. There is nothing to be afraid of. Guido and Beth will monitor your progress.” 
They all turned their heads to see the twins sitting at the far left corner, a little higher than the rest of the crowd.
 “The Wrestling pros are going to monitor my progress? Phew, now I can totally lay back and relax, can’t I?” Mike said, nervous.
 Val smiled sympathetically. 
“We are just going to have to impress them, Mike.” 
“Are you ready?” shouted Peter passionately.
 It was time. Val waited for the first name to appear. Her eyes searched instinctively for Alice. That bitch loved harassing people in the middle of a large crowd, where everyone could watch. 
She was out of reach for the time being, in the far left corner, also looking hungrily at the screen, eyes gleaming with lust.
 And that person gets a power. Makes me wonder about our Deities’ way of thought. 
“Nelson Blackwell.” 
The AI friendly voice announced the first of the candidates. Everyone falling dead silent, looking left and right, waiting for this Nelson guy to come on stage. And he did. 
With his unsteady step and sweating palms he came forward and entered the Training room through a small automatic door on the right. 
 “Nelson”, exclaimed Val surprised, before she even thought about it.
 “You know him, Valentine?” asked John. 
“Yeah… he is a friend. Mandy’s boyfriend to be exact.” 
“She has a boyfriend?” Mike said, totally surprised. “I would have never guessed… you know, from her behaviour and all.”
“She doesn’t like advertising it, big guy. That’s the way girls are, sometimes” Amy said earnestly, and Mike stood looking at her, dumbfounded.
The door closed silently behind Nelson and he remained there completely frightened. He just waited there, a man alone in a room, no opponent in sight. 
A booming sound like a thunder in the distance made Nelson jump. He turned his head and saw a terribly large, furry creature with the body of a man and the face of a wolf. It came sniffing around as Nelson was slowly stepping backwards, all colour lost from his face. 
The monster looked left and right with his bloodshot red eyes, his mouth half-closed as it snarled threateningly. Nelson walked blindly backwards, looking intensely at the metal table on his right side, the only means of fighting or hiding.
 Val couldn’t blame Nelson’s way of thinking. Of course the poor guy wanted to hide, he was scared shitless. And there was no visible way fighting this thing. No weapons, nothing.
 “A werewolf”, muttered Sebastian, out of breath. 
“Unbelievable. Where did they even found this thing? That is only an Earth legend.” 
“So much for safety”, said Mike, but his voice was frightened, instead of angry. 
The crowd grew steadily uneasy, worried whispers and even some shouts, but the Instructors remained calm in the face of the threat. Smith had told them not to worry. But that thing, it looked so real. And its reactions were incredibly intelligent.
 Something is up. 
The beast became increasingly enraged, as if it could sense the people’s fear and uneasiness behind the glass. It growled loudly, revealing his white deadly fangs, under his wet muzzle.
 Nelson lost all courage. He took his last step backwards, ready to duck under the table… and stumbled on his feet. He turned around and crawled on his stomach, as the beast turned its head sharply, eyes focusing on the prey. Its expression was one of pure hunger, the corner of its mouth turning upwards in a grotesque smile. It fell on its four feet and charged at Nelson. 
The crowd screamed and shouted. 
“This can’t be happening.”
Amy darted towards Peter before the others were able to stop her, moving like a shadow. 
“You said it’s going to be safe. Are you out of your mind? He is going to die”. 
Peter caught her from the shoulders, his kind, happy face turning into a mischievous grin. 
“If you just pay attention for a second, sweetie.”
 With a powerful move he grabbed her by the shoulders and turned her around, so Amy was facing the screen.
 Nelson was under the table now, somehow having found the courage to crawl underneath the very second the monster took a bite at his feet. Nelson cowed at the centre of the table, his back glued against the wall, the claws of the beast too big to fit underneath.
 “Not this. Please anything else but this thing” he cried, rolling from side to side as to avoid the beast’s deathly grasp. 
Val’s mind was spinning.
 Amy is right. Peter said it’s going to be perfectly safe. Sebastian is also right. Werewolves are earthly legends. Nelson is scared to death, and this thing isn’t there because…
She ran against the panicked crowd, until she reached the end of the glass screen. She started hitting it with her fists, enough to attract Nelson’s attention. 
“Nelson! Listen to me! It’s not real. It’s in your head, your greatest fear. You can fight it! Think of a weapon!” 
Everyone pulled a step backwards from Val, probably fearing that she’d gone completely insane. She didn’t care. Fear was probably getting in their brains, too. 
“A fucking weapon, Nelson! Now!” 
Nelson moved again to the centre of the table. This time, he took a deep breath and stayed calm. The monster took a step back, realising that the victim’s fear had decreased. It seemed somehow smaller and less fierce-looking.
 It still tried to find a way to get him though, by jumping on the table and attacking from above, the claws scratching its smooth surface wildly. Nelson cupped his hands together, not moving from his spot. And then all of a sudden, when he opened them again, there was something inside his palm.
 A silver weapon, a beautiful shiny pistol had emerged, appearing out of thin air. Nelson smiled faintly. The monster was at a state of complete distress now. He banged wildly on the table’s surface, trying to tear a hole through it.
 Nelson rolled out of the table, reaching as far as he could before the monster took a hold on him. Then he dropped on his knees and as the werewolf jumped to get him, he draw the pistol and fired a single shot. A small silver bullet went through the monster’s head, which exploded into a thousand digital pieces. 
Nelson remained on the ground, trying to regain his breath, as the crowd cheered wildly and the Instructors were clapping. Val felt a pair of arms hugging her tight. Mandy. 
“Val, thank you so much. He would have a heart attack in there. You saved him.” 
Her friend was crying, hot tears of joy, and as the door opened and Nelson exited the stage, she run towards him and gave him a sweet savage kiss. The crowd cheered even harder. 
Val was still dizzy, as she felt people passing by her, patting her in the back.
 Peter Smith started talking again. “An applause for the brave first contestant Nelson Blackwell, people. It’s always the hardest part of the test, facing the unknown and come out as a winner. Bravo. I think you double-won the heart of your girlfriend, mate.” 
The clapping increased. People whistled.
 Peter looked at Amy, smiling sardonically. 
“You could have at least said something, Mr. Smith” she said with a sight, and then left him to approach the boys again who were congratulating Val for her helpful insight.
 Amy took Val’s arm and hold it in her hands, a little shy still.
 “Am I a fool for believing it was real or what?” 
John gave her an understanding look. 
“It’s ok, Amy. I think that monster had an effect on us all. Except Val over here.” 
“It was nothing, really, John. Just a logical assumption based on Smith’s words.” 
“Well, at least we know what we have to do now,” Sebastian uttered. 
“How difficult will it be to face our fears?” 
*** 
The rest of the day was an endless show of their struggling against various fears, including water, heights and a variety of monster-like creatures. A task not nearly as easy as Seb would have thought.
 Mike’s fear-hologram was that of a giant creature, or better two giant ones, merged into a grotesque figure with two arms, two legs, one torso and two heads, one male and one female. The whole body was oozing with black pus, and was covered in veins that looked like black rotten wines. It hunted him for some minutes, before his rage won the battle against fear. 
Mike killed the creature by tearing it apart with his own hands, a show of brutal strength. The finishing blow came with several hits to the creature’s head, with its body turning into a massy pulp.
 When Mike was done and while everyone clapped with awe, he disappeared into the shadows without saying a word. Amy looked like she had been punched. 
“Mike really had it rough at some point of his life, didn’t he?” 
Val felt her own guts give in.	
 “Just give him a little space. He’ll be back to his normal self in no time”, John replied. 
Sebastian was the next in line, his hologram a cooper-red gigantic centipede, fat and slimy, its huge body full with little holes, blood coming out of each one of them. The centipede had many small legs, and four tumours protruding from its long, filthy body, tumours which looked suspiciously like human heads, laughing maliciously at Sebastian. He showed no real fear of the creature however, after the original short shock. Like he was expecting the damn thing. 
The creature was closing in on him, with incredible speed, considering his enormous size. Seb opened his hands revealing a long metallic wire, just as the heads towered over him, ready to devour him. With an amazing eligible move he ducked under the creature, sticking the wire’s spear-like end to its soft belly. 
The centipede’s head screamed with a screeching sound, which made everyone but Sebastian, cover their ears. He run fast, faster than ever, circling the creature’s legs and torso with his, seemingly endless, metallic wire. In the end, when the wire was firmly onto place, Sebastian pushed, trapping the centipede further, cutting it in many pieces, in a blood-exploding mess. It was violent and satisfying at the same time. 
“You show them, Seb. They got nothing against you man!”
 Mike cheered and clapped louder than everyone.  They all turned around and looked at him. 
“He is back to his normal self, alright” Amy said cheerfully. 
Her hologram was the biggest surprise of the evening. Her “monster” was a human, a real, actual human. Amy’s identical twin, in fact. She was wearing a smooth white dress, looking innocent and sweet.
 Amy was white as a sheet, all her courage gone. 
“Not you,” she whispered and tried to take a step backwards, but was unable to move at all. And then the sweet girl looked up at Amy and screamed, a scream of agony and pain, her fingernails transforming into huge claws, her eyes filled with tears of blood which trickled down on her white dress. 
She started stabbing herself, creating bloody holes in her belly, screaming even more at each stab but somehow unable to stop. 
“Please, stop this. It’s insane. Stop hurting yourself,” Amy screamed in the verge of tears. She lunched forward, determined to stop her twin from self-harm. The girl looked at Amy with pure hatred and malice. 
“You did this. It’s all your fault” she said with a coarse voice, and without any warning, she attacked Amy with her sharp claws. Amy foresaw the attack and took an unsteady step backwards, avoiding it. She continued moving with small sure steps, predicting the pattern of the monster’s attacks. She was so eligible, it was frightening. Their moves were practically the same. 
The both of them stood there, out of breath. Amy’s eyes was full of rage. “You don’t control me anymore” she whispered, and produced a silver small dagger in her palm. 
Moving like a shadow, Amy circled the girl, giving her small deathly stabs in every part of her fragile body. When the doppelganger finally fell, Amy delivered the final blow with a stab right at the creature’s heart.
 When the hologram disappeared, Amy run towards the room’s exit, shaking. The boys were speechless, most of all Mike, a deep shadow of regret on his face.
“I would have never guessed… Not about Amy Wyatt.”
 We all have secrets, it seems. 
Val was the next in line, and as she entered the room, she heard Nelson and Mandy rooting for her. The room felt much larger on the inside than the outside, much more frightening. Ready to shallow the person who entered it, and then spit the remains. 
No wonder everyone gets the creeps in here. 
Val waited and, suddenly, felt a little push on her brain. Something whispered to her, forcing her to remember what she would like to forget the most. To embrace her fear. And then it happened. 
The whole room, the entirety of it, turned into her prison cell in the Asylum. She expected something like that would happen, but the exaggerated detail of it, the rotting bleeding walls, the stale air, the small round hole on the top of the room, a joke of a window, the black dirty floor. It was like she was back in there. She felt all of the air escaping from her lungs, and was unable to breath for a second. 
Calm down, Val. You’ve escaped once. You will once again. Your brain is your weapon. 
Val resumed a fighting stance, ready for what came next. Sure enough the four wardens of the Asylum started coming out, creeping from the corners, four shadow figures without a face. They all had a stick on their hand and walked slowly towards her. 
She could face them, she knew that, but the question was how. She tried to think of a weapon but her thoughts were fuzzy. She couldn’t produce anything, like the people before her. 
 Val took three steps back, as the shadows kept approaching, and tried hard to think of a way to face them, but she had no ideas whatsoever and nowhere to run. 
But you are not a runner, Valentine. You are a fighter. So, for once, fight back.
 The little girl’s voice, somewhere inside her brain. 
Blast them all. 
In a matter of seconds, Val’s thoughts cleared up. She stood upright, closed her eyes and she raised her hands. The window gave a small crack, then a larger one and as she was being covered by the darkness… the glass broke into a million pieces, with a blast so powerful that claimed huge chunks of the wall with it.
 The light chased the shadows away, as they started running for their lives, only to be pierced with the thousand glass pieces. The room went back to its original shape, and Val stayed in her place for a second, feeling drained. At last, she found the strength to exit the stage. 
 The crowd didn’t know how to react. There were some mild cheers but that was the end of it. Val understood their confusion. It was not a spectacular action fight, nor some disturbingly creepy monsters, just a broken window.
  She approached Mike and Seb, who gave her soft taps in the back.
 John congratulated her with an inexplicable look on his face. Disbelief.
“Something you didn’t expect, John?”
“It was exactly what I expected from you, Valentine. Did you expect it from yourself? To fight back?”
 Val avoided his gaze, turning her head towards Amy, who had just joined them again, looking embarrassed. She tried to break the ice, meanwhile ignoring Mike’s and Seb’s uneasy looks. 
“You were amazing, Val. Not even evil shadows stand a chance against you.” 
She hugged her tightly, surprising the group. Amy had been for the most part, allergic to human contact. 
“You don’t need to tell me the story if you don’t want, but you also did great”, she whispered gently in Amy’s ears.
 The girl looked at Val with enormous wet eyes, nodded and turned away. 
The names flew by, people being tested one after another, in an endless ocean of faces and talents. When the last announcement for the day was made, John’s name flashed brightly on the screen. 
“Finally. I thought my time would never come.” 
“You are already a winner in our hearts, John” shouted Seb. 
“Yeah, go ahead and show them some of the Lucas power bloodline brother” Mike screamed even louder, and both raised their fists in a show of dominance.
 “Men” said Amy, bringing her palm to her face, defeated.
 John was standing still with his eyes closed, when the monster appeared on the stage, much like the werewolf Nelson had seen. 
“Is that his greatest fear? A wolf? Seriously?” Amy exclaimed in disbelief.
 Even the boys looked disappointed. The creature snarled at John, but he didn’t move an inch. He looked at it, deep in the eyes. And then he spoke, addressing to the beast itself. 
“You are heading the wrong way… In fact, I am right behind you.” 
All of a sudden, John disappeared from his position, only to appear right behind the creature, just like he said a minute ago. The creature jumped around confused as well as enraged. It started running towards John.  John just smiled.
 “That’s the right direction alright? But how do you know who is the real me?” John looked at his right side… looked at the identical copy of himself standing right next to him. 
“Is it this guy?”
 The crowd exclaimed in surprise. 
“Or is it this guy right here?”
 Another doppelganger appeared at John’s left side. The three of them pointed comically at each other, like being in a magical performance. The Instructors stood up from their positions, their faces glued to the screen. Val blinked in order to wash away the illusion. It was still here. There were three Johns at the same time.
The beast was now crying confused, unable to decide what to do next. John and his twins closed in to it, and it took some steps backwards, cowling in fear. 
“I don’t even think you are a real monster at all, though” said the three in unison. 
“In fact, I think you are just a petty insect. Yeah, that’s what you are.”
 And the creature was gone in an instant. In front of John’s feet stood a bug, so tiny and harmless, one could never think that it had been a monster in the first place.
 “Sorry, pal. That’s life.”
 He crushed the insect with his feet. The Illusion was gone, and John was again one person, at his original place of entrance, not having moved an inch. He gave a small bow to the instructors, who were speechless, unable to react. The crowd was flabbergasted, cheering and clapping, even Amy, who whistled slowly. John excited the stage, with Peter Smith making the announcement on his mic. 
“Ladies and Gentleman, our first surprise of the day. John Lucas, congratulations. Yours is, truly and officially the first new Power in Canton.” 
***
4. The Ties that Bind
John sat on a comfortable chair inside the Instructors’ office, with Vanessa Rehberg facing him from the other side of her desk, sceptical.
 “You seem a little troubled, John”, she said, in a most professional manner.
 John looked back at her, his eyes shining behind his glasses. 
“I think it’s because of this office. And because this feels more like an interrogation, than a congratulation.”
 Vanessa smiled apologetically.
 “I am sorry. I have a thing for bleak and secretive working environments. I think it counters my overexposed office in the Canton Tower.” 
Indeed, the Instructor’s office was scarcely light and, combined with the black and grey colours, kind of depressing. 
“Don’t let the deco put you down, John. I still want to congratulate you. You are the first one obtaining a Power, and so fast. Like you’ve always known you had it, somehow.”
John held his breath, trying to look as calm as possible, under Vanessa’s observing eyes. 
If you only knew.
 But maybe she did know. Maybe that’s why he was here. She was certainly speculating. The question lingered in the air. 
How? How did you do it? How did you know? 
John smiled politely and answered, without waiting for her question.
 “I always had an increased sense of perception. For my environment, the people I met. And when I went into the room, I just knew. I knew I could bend the monster, and the crowd, to my will.”
 This simplified version of events was not far from the truth. In fact, it was really close to the truth, visions and dreams aside. But he wasn’t going to share his personal truth with a Canton official. At least not until he was completely certain about her intentions. 
 “Then impress me. Show me your power of perception.”
 John reached for his pocket, put his hand in and when he took it out, a beautiful rose was there. 
“For you, my lady”. 
Vanessa was clearly not ready for this sort of affectionate display. Her reaction was so sincere, as she let her guard down for a moment, that John felt sad for her.
Unwilling, but plagued from curiosity, he stole a glimpse in the woman’s mind. John saw a man there, one he immediately recognised. Everyone in Canton knew who the man was. John withdrew from Vanessa’s mind once the memories started getting too intimate. He had no intention of watching Canton’s highest authority figure on his underpants, or without them. 
The High Counsellor and his Assistant had a relationship. Somewhere along the way, it ended, leaving them both scarred.
Vanessa took the flower in her hand. 
“Thank you. I hope you are popular amongst girls, because you sure deserve it.” 
He was moved by her words, thinking about his own unfulfilled love. 
“You are free to go now, John. Go celebrate with your friends. I am sure they will also receive their Powers in a short while. You are a really strong bunch. All of the candidates are, in fact.”
 John smiled and got up from his chair. His hand was on the door handle, when the question came. 
“What’s the name of your friend? Not Amy Wyatt. The other one. With the blue eyes.”
John was surprised by the question. 
“Valentine. Why?”
 Vanessa cleared her throat, her tone cautious. 
“Her performance was really impressive today.” 
“You were watching? I thought you said…”
“I watched some of the candidates, yes. And I think your friend’s stunt was the most impressive of them all. We’ll just have to wait and see. You run along now.” 
 The door closed behind him with a small thumb. Vanessa looked at her hands. The flower was gone. She stood there for a long time, looking at the empty space in her palms, smiling sadly, when the rest of the teachers came. 
She informed them of her encounter with John. 
“It was still impressive though, even though it disappeared in the end.”
 Peter remarked, looking at Vanessa’s empty hands, trying to imagine the lost flower. 
“He is certain to have good luck with the ladies, that guy”, said Beth, smiling to herself. 
“Beth, your comment is highly inappropriate,” Priscilla said shocked and Guido just shook his head in disapproval, knowing his sister all too well. 
“He is really strong”, said Vanessa, more to herself than anyone else. 
“Is that bothering you, Vanessa?” Guido asked with his soothing voice.
 “As a matter of fact, it does. It’s not just him, but all of them. They did so great in the test, way more than expected. Don’t get me wrong” she added hastily, seeing their confused stares, “that’s what we want. Express-Heroes. But a fast train has a greater chance of derailing. At least they all seem sane and sound.” 
“Appearances can be deceiving, isn’t that what you mean?” Beth asked.
“It’s just that, if someone goes berserk we have no way of stopping.”
“There is one way to stop them, and you know it. No matter how unpleasant it might be,” Guido remarked, dead serious. 
Priscilla and Peter looked nervously at each other and then at the floor. Vanessa sighted. It all came back to him. 
“I will have to seriously think about it.” 
Although she would rather forget Henry White’s existence altogether. 
***
Val and Amy were waiting patiently in the boys’ room, Sebastian playing with his PA, and Mike anxiously circling the room.
“Will you stop playing with that thing? Our friend might be in danger”
Sebastian rolled his eyes. 
“Mike, seriously? SERIOUSLY? We are in the new Academy, with the protection of the Council and the Deities, and you think John might be in danger?”
“He is been in there for an awfully long time...”
“They want us to embrace our Powers, dude. They are not going to kill the first new Hero in Canton. John will tell us everything when he’s back”
“Maybe Rehberg is trying to take advantage of him, you know like…”
“Amy!!!” the both boys shouted wildly, and Val burst out laughing. 
“You really have something against her, don’t you?” she said, wiping the tears from her eyes. 
Unexpectedly, Amy froze in place, looking exactly like she did in her fear test. 
“Amy it was only a joke, come on” Mike started, but Seb stopped him. 
“Do you want to talk Amy? In fact does any of us feel like talking, since we are stuck here waiting our friend? We faced some pretty harrowing things in those tests.” He took a deep breath. “And since we’ve paired together by, I don’t know, destiny, fate or whatever, it’s better if we are honest with each other.” 
Amy looked at Seb, and for a mere second she looked so grateful, Val almost expected her to stand up and hug the poor boy. 
Then she lowered her head again, and the moment was gone.
“Sorry guys, I am just, I am not really ready to share anything. I like you all, or at least I think that’s what liking a person feels like. Just not yet.”
Val felt exactly the same way. It was still too early to let out her own fears, at least the gruesome experiences not even Mike was aware of.
 Seb let go of his PA, and took Amy’s hand on his own, surprising her. 
“Then we’ll do the start, as brave men usually do, right? What do you think Mike?” 
Mike was unusually silent, but nodded obediently at Seb’s request. And then he started taking. About their childhood years, the loss, the abuse, everything.
Val knew most of the boys’ experiences, but still. It was harrowing to hear the whole story. As for Amy, she sat there complete flabbergasted. 
“By the Deities, you’ve been through a lot. Both of you. And still…”
“We are a bunch of happy idiots?” Mike said, making Sebastian laugh.  
“You are no idiots that’s for sure. At least Sebastian here isn’t” she said and gave Mike an ironic look. 
“But you are surely happy.” 
Amy sounded melancholic for a second. 
“There is no enemy you can’t face, Amy. Outside or inside you. It may takes months or even years. And there will be many points, where you think: I am not going to make it. I am going to sleep every night, plagued by fear and guilt. But it’s not true. You should never stop trying to find happiness. Never.”
The three people looked at Val like she was some kind of a weird animal, and she chuckled uncomfortably. 
“Sorry to intervene.” 
“I guess someone is absolute ready to share her own success story” said Seb, and at that exact same moment, the door creaked open and John’s face appeared. 
“The whole fellowship is here, I reckon. Ladies, I don’t even know if you are supposed to be here or not.” 
Val thought about the many uncomfortable stares she and Amy had gathered on their way to the boys’ room. 
“Probably not”, she said, smiling.  
“Doc, tell us everything. Did they threaten you, harass you or interrogate you?” Mike said, sincerely enraged. 
“Did Rehberg hit on you?”
“Amy!” 
“It was much more boring than that, I assure you. But I do have a pleasant surprise.” 
John’s right hand was behind his back the whole time, and now he revealed a six-pack of beers, with a big bottle of wine on top.
 “Is that real or one of your tricks?” 
“I would never trick my friends, Valentine. Although I had to trick the kitchen lady to get them.” 
He winked in a rare sight of naughtiness. 
“Look at that rebel. I guess it’s true, that Power changes people. Even though you were born with it.” 
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Amy said, regaining her lost temper. Everyone looked at her, guilty.
“Everyone gets to know about this, and I don’t? Speak, Lucas.”
So John spoke. About everything. The dreams, the premonitions, Valentine. His whole life including his childhood, the meeting with Seb and Mike, and his now estranged girlfriend Aileen. 
Amy whistled. 
“Your life has been fucked up, Johnnie.”
 He laughed sincerely, amused by her comment. 
“I think life has actually treated me really well, Amy. Maybe better than anyone else.” 
The dizziness coming from the beer consumption and the stress of the day, made John’s words weight heavy on everyone’s heart. 
“I think it’s time for the girls to go to their room, guys” 
John, broke the uncomfortable silence.
 “We are all really tired.” 
They said their good-byes at the door, but John beckoned Val to stay for a while. 
“Val listen. Vanessa was looking at you during your exam. She told me that yours was the best first test they’ve seen so far.”
Val narrowed her eyes. 
“Are you sure?”
 John raised a finger to his lips. 
“Just between you and me, ok.” 
She nodded. 
“Promise. And John… Congratulations on your Power.” 
Having said her goodbyes to John, Val reached for Amy and grabbed her by the arm. 
“Who thought a bunch of boys would’ve been so interesting to talk too. I think I actually start to like them.” Amy said, blushing lightly. 
Val thought about the boys’ kindness, and nodded in agreement.
“Me too, sweetheart. Me too.” 
 
***
5. The Bully and the Hero
“Nice going there, Val. You’ve forgotten your old friends and found new ones. Really nice.”
Mandy was pissed and it was only the beginning of day two. Val couldn’t be mad at her though, not with her overly dramatic behaviour.
“You were too engulfed in your boyfriend affairs, Mandy,” Amy replied ironically and Mandy sulked for a second. Then Val hugged her tightly and she gave in. 
“Speaking of friends, do you have a friend on the Test today, Mandy? We all had our turns yesterday.” 
She nodded. 
“Yes in fact I do. Doug and Scot. Nelson’s pals. You remember them Val, right?” 
Of course she did. Both guys were friends of Nelson’s. Scot was an extremely timid and introvert guy, Doug a handsome older athlete. Val and he had a short affair, which ended six months ago, without any hard feelings. Mostly because of Val’s insecurity. 
 “It’ll be interesting to watch them compete.” 
The girls reached the Main Hall after their breakfast, locating their trio of boys right next to the Training Room’s entrance. Next to them stood Nelson with his two friends. Seb seemed to be talking with them in a quite passionate mood.  
“Good morning, all of you.”
 Mandy sat next to Nelson and kissed him sweetly. 
“Jesus, get a room” shouted Mike. 
“You forgot your own shit back on the day, Mike.”
Mike looked at Seb, his face red. 
“Nice support, dude” said Mike with a thumbs up. 
Valentine was still laughing when she was greeted by Doug. 
“Hey, Val. Long time, no see. Nice job, the show you put up yesterday.”
 He fondled her arm lightly, with affection. 
“Thanks, Doug, although I think there were a lot impressive shows than mine. You are going to shine today too, no doubt.”
Doug studied her for a long, good minute. 
“I think you’ve changed, somehow. For the better.” 
“Thanks. So what were you guys talking about?” Val asked, changing the subject swiftly. 
Sebastian got excited in a second and started talking non-stop. It turned out the three of them knew each other, through some Internet forums. Val was not a great fan of computers, gadgets or the exchange of electronic information, although it had been a crazy trend for the past ten years, especially in the three main Canton cities.  
“Anyway, we had this crazy idea. We’ll like to set up a sort of a local Internet line, just inside the Academy. Like having a local newspaper. That way we’ll get to throw events, get to know one other, you know, team stuff.” 
Amy was the first to respond, looking amazed. 
“Wow, you really are smart.” 
Seb looked at her, slightly annoyed. 
“You thought I was an idiot before?”
“No, God, of course not. I told you yesterday, that you are excluded from the idiot list, didn’t I? But you just… you don’t seem that social, you know. Like you prefer keeping to yourself.” 
“Don’t judge a book by its cover, Amy.”
 Amy looked timidly at Seb.
“I am sorry, Sebastian, I really didn’t want to offend you,” she said, earning a polite smile.
 “Come one guys, it’s time we go now. The Exam is about to begin.”
 The second Test was less surprising, smoother than the first. Val felt like the day would pass uneventfully. She had almost forgotten about her encounter with Alice Green, too pre-occupied with her own test of fears. 
Until she saw her on stage, of course. She faced her monster with great decency, a giant figure with grey hair and black eyes, looking suspiciously like her father Aldus.
 If he was my father, he would also be my greatest fear.
 Aldus Green was one of the twelve Counsellors and a doctor. He was a powerful man, a little too powerful in fact. And frightening. 
At the end of the day a few people still remained. Val was alone in the Training room, her friends gone, either too tired or too bored to stay. A small part of her still held her there, her curiosity to discover all her fellow contestants. 
When finally the last of them entered the stage, Val realised she was a small, tiny in fact, girl with enormous eyes, constant unhappiness drawn in them. She recognised her right away. 
Emma Brown. My classmate. Alice’s favourite victim.
She was one of the people who’d been threatened from Aldus Green, in order to testify that Val was, indeed, a dangerous, unstable individual. Val never blamed her. The Greens are too powerful to be messed with.
Emma’s nightmare was a shadowy figure in a school roof. Val felt needles in her heart just by watching the damn thing. Emma got through it though, by pushing the figure down the ledge. The bells rung and the Exam ended completely. 
The poor girl left the stage running. Val stood up and walked in a hurry, trying to catch up with her. 
“Emma, please wait. Hold on for a second will you?” 
Emma looked behind her, giving a little scream when she realized someone was following her. Then she saw Val standing in front of her and her gaze grew sadder. 
“Valentine. How… why did you follow me?” 
“I saw you in the Exam. You were really great, Emma. Finally pushing the shadow of that ledge.” 
Even the tips of Emma’s ears grew red from shame. She looked at the ground, whispered a hasty “Thanks” and turned to leave. Val realized she had to do this quick. 
“Emma, I want you to know, I never held that testimony against you. They are a terrible family, the both of them. You had no other choice.” 
Emma’s face was full of tears as she turned to face her. 
“I wanted to tell the truth, but they threatened my parents...” 
Her voice was just a whisper now, and Val took a step towards her, trying to reach and comfort the crying girl, when someone grabbed her from behind and pushed her to the ground. 
Val fell with her bare back, hurting her elbows in the process. 
Alice was standing at the stairs, having already grabbed Emma’s hair, pulling them mercilessly.
 In front of Val were Tobias and Will, two big-boned, muscular idiots, Alice’s personal friends and co-bullies since primary-school. 
They had always been eager in causing trouble, but today, Will seemed a little more hesitant. Tobias, on the other hand, was thirsty for blood. He looked at Val and licked his lips, like seeing a delicious meal. 
Alice made Emma fall on her knees, as she squealed from fear. 
“So you want to throw me off a roof little Emma, don’t you? You thought I wouldn’t be around to see that, did you?” 
She pulled Emma’s hair and the girl screamed. 
“And not only that, but you actually wanted to make a fool of my father in the trial. We should have fired your parents when we had the chance! And I should teach you both a lesson.”
 She slapped Emma’s cheek, hard. Tobias made his way to help Alice.
 No way, you fucker. 
“What’s wrong Toby? Even after all those years, Alice’s sour cunt is the only one who’ll take your tiny cock in? That’s why you are still her servant?”
Val knew that there was a serious risk of getting beaten for her words, but she wouldn’t go down without a fight. And at least Emma would have only Alice to worry about, maybe even escape her grasp. 
Tobias charged at her, screaming like a raging bull. Val resumed a fighting stance, rolling aside at the last moment, interrupting Tobias’ assault, leaving him confused and enraged. 
Val took her momentary chance and kicked him on his back, throwing him head-straight to the ground. Another kick on the back of his head did the trick, and Toby remained down, giving Val a little bit of space and time.
 Alice was now out of her mind, slapping Emma even harder. 
"This is what you get for being friends with that slut.” 
Vanessa run towards the stairs, when Will decided to intervene, by standing between her and Alice. He caught Val’s arm in a tight grip behind her back.
 “Just let her do her thing, and then we can all go to our rooms. It’s the best for you.” 
Val tried kicking him, in order to get away, but he was swifter than Tobias. Alice raised her hand again. Val shouted at the top of her lungs.
It happened in an instant, like an answer to Val’s protests. A black smoke appeared suddenly between Alice and Emma’s tormented face, with a foot coming out of nowhere, kicking Alice in the stomach, sending her straight to the ground.
 Amy materialized out of the black smoke, angry like never before, her face a mask of pure rage. 
“Run” she told Emma. “Straight to your room and lock the door.” 
Emma didn’t need to be told twice. She disappeared out of sight, as Will loosened his grip, torn apart between his will to help Alice and the need to restrain Val. 
Val took the chance and pushed her elbows deep into Will’s belly, freeing herself, and heading straight towards the stairs. Tobias got up, his anger now multiplied tenfold, and charged at Val, directing all his strength at her turned back. 
As he was about to reach his target, Amy teleported again and landed a blow straight at his face, sending him spinning on the main entrance, his nose full of blood.
 By the time Amy was done with Alice and Tobias, John, Mike and Seb had already found them. The three boys caught a breathless Will and a bleeding Toby by their necks. The two fell on their knees, exhausted and out of breath.
 Amy was holding Alice’s hair, much like she had done with Emma Brown. Val was sitting at the staircase, trying to shake off a little bit of the shock, in an effort to regain her breath. 
God, I dragged the others into this. 
Amy was the one doing the talking, her voice full of deadly calmness. 
“I don’t know who the three of you are or why you attacked that poor girl or Valentine. But” she pushed harder when Alice opened her mouth in protest, “I don’t care. We don’t care. We are a team, and if you hurt any of us again, your state is going to be sorrier than just a couple of bruises and a broken nose. We don’t react well to threats or bullies. Do you understand?”
 Alice and her boys nodded their heads frantically. 
“What should we do with them now?” 
Mike asked and Sebastian looked at John. Taking a deep breath, John addressed the attackers with utmost determination. 
“We are going to let you go now. You are not to tell anyone what you did, and you are not going to try this shit again. Is that clear?”
 They all nodded, slower now, mesmerized. John looked at the boys.
 “If anyone asks you what’s happened with your ugly faces, you had a bathroom accident. I suggest you stop your bullying attempts, for we are always watching. And you don’t want to be further hurt, do you?”
 They all looked at him, scared to death, like their minds projected their terrible fate. 
“You can go now.”
The three bullies got up slowly, and ascended the staircase, Alice to the left, both guys to the right. John exhaled slowly and Amy sat next to Val, holding her hand. 
“They’re all gone now, Val. It was very brave to stand up for the girl, but please do not try scary things alone next time ok? They would have sent you to the Academy’s clinic, if not in a normal hospital, seeing how determined they were. That’s why the PA has an emergency button.”
 Mike and Seb nodded in agreement. They must’ve all thought that Val was protecting Emma, not realising that Alice was actually after both of them. Only John had the slightest idea, but chose to remain silent. 
“Thanks, guys. You really saved my ass. These guys really did look threatening. But I couldn’t just stand around and watch them do that to a poor girl.”
 Amy nodded and Val looked at her, impressed.
 “Amy, you know you teleported, right?” 
Amy looked slightly embarrassed, but also excited and proud.
 “I know, right? It was automatic, really. I saw you from the edge of the stairs and I just wished I could be down there fast enough to stop that fucking bitch, and the next second I was. I wasn’t even shocked by the fact. Like I was expecting it my whole life. A part of me not yet revealed.” 
Amy’s eyes were shining, and she looked like she could take on the whole world. John’s face was full of joy.
 “I am so glad I am not the only one, anymore.”  
Then in an unexpected sign of affection, he turned around and hugged Val tightly.
 Amy gasped and the boys stood speechless, their eyes huge on their sockets. If anyone tries to hurt you again, he is dead. I guarantee it. I was late once, but never again. 
Val heard those beautiful words in her brain, and she hugged John even harder, a tear escaping from her eyes.
 I really hope you are right, John. For both our sakes.
***
Vanessa looked at the files in front of her desk, her brows shaped into a sceptical frown. She had a bad feeling about this whole mess of a story. 
She had been at the Instructor’s office, preparing the last details for tomorrow’s training with John Lucas, when the doors opened and a breathless Priscilla, accompanied by Beth, stormed inside, speaking frantically.
Their story had been one for the books: Two confused boys, wondering lost outside the Library, badly wounded. The two of them were rushed to the infirmary, where the Academy’s physician confirmed that they were, indeed, beaten-up. The only problem was that the boys stubbornly insisted they had been in a bathroom accident.
Guido had taken a good look at their bruises 
“These two blocks were beaten up by someone skilful. Someone swift.”
“Why would anyone want to bully two massive boys?” 
“That’s just the thing, darling”, Beth said sweetly. “I think they were trying to attack someone. Their hits are mainly defensive, rather than offensive. It just turned out that their victim was faster.” 
“What if they had a fight with one other? That would explain their weird story, too.” 
“I highly doubt it, Vanessa. For once, they are way too confused and really believe this was an accident. If they had fought with each other, they would have gone straight to their rooms, never mentioning the fact. But they were running around aimlessly. And their bruises are smaller than their hands.” 
Vanessa sighted as she sat in her chair, remembering Tom advising her to put cameras in all public rooms. She had dismissed the thought as silly, because they were five of them and only a hundred kids. The number had seem ridiculously small to her then. Not so much now.
 We are too few and they are too many. 
And that wasn’t even her greatest concern. With Priscilla’s help, Vanessa and Peter had dug up a few personal details about the kids. The two of them had some violent charges against them, and were associated with an important name. Alice Green. Aldus’s daughter. One of the most frightening men in whole Canton.
They all fell silent once they witnessed her name. Vanessa knew it was wrong to judge a child by its parents, ridiculous even. Her parents were practically angels, and she was nothing but. But as they dug a little deeper, Alice’s name was found in many cases concerning school assaults and physical abuse. 
“She is Aldus’ kid alright”, Beth said, completely unashamed from the comparison. 
“Seems like it,” Vanessa frightfully admitted. “And it all adds up, the defensive hits and the state of the two boys. They were probably on some dirty work, but it went wrong and they ended up being beaten instead. Did you find Alice?” 
“No, Vanessa. All of the girls’ rooms are dark and locked. They’ve all fallen asleep. I didn’t want to cause any more panic than necessary.” 
Vanessa nodded. Beth was right. They couldn’t afford to lose control from day two. They had to stay in charge, especially when such people were Aurelia’s candidates.
 “Only one thing still doesn’t fit”, Guido added. “Their confusion.”
But Vanessa did have an idea about their confusion. While digging up the cases of assaults caused by Green’s little gang, Vanessa’s eyes fell on a name. Valentine Stone. 
John Lucas’s friend, the one with the impressive test scores, a high candidate for the rare telekinetic Power. They were confused because their brains had been messed up with. Lucas was the only one who could do it. 
Vanessa decided to keep the thought to herself. They had no evidence for once, and second… John Lucas was just too damn sweet. She didn’t want to cause his friend Val more trouble than necessary. At least not yet. 
“We just let it go for now. But tomorrow, as much as I hate it, we’ll install the cameras, as High Counsellor Rosenberg suggested.” 
They all nodded in agreement. 
“And boys, get your day-trip packs ready. It’s time to pay our little-countryside friend a visit.”
***
6. The Broken Man
Harmony Village, Canton Eastern Provence A- 09:00, 23th July, 200 A.D
 The wooden clock, carved masterfully in the shape of an owl, kept ticking in the living room. The fact that he was able to hear it, meant that he was fully awake once again. 
The man had once heard of an Earth fairy-tale, one where a young girl was going back and forth to a magical land with the ticking of the clock.  He was much like that fairy-tale girl. The ticking signed his entrance to reality. It showed him, that all the drugs had left his circulation. It was an incredible feeling, because, even for just a few minutes, he felt like a whole new man, ready to cease the day, ready to be done with the booze and the drugs, to hell with them, he didn’t need them, because he was strong. 
And then in this determined state, he would turn his head, and his eyes would fall on that one particular picture, the one standing by his side on the bed. The picture showed a happy couple, a beautiful woman and a charming man. Her face was full of joy, gleaming green eyes, bright smile, with strands of hair falling carelessly in her face. The man standing next to her, holding her in his arms, was also happy. More than that, even. He might just have been the luckiest man alive. That man was gone. 
At that moment, with his eyes stuck on his dead wife’s face and his hands searching blindly for his pills, looking for salvation, Henry White was actually, the most miserable person in the world.
 Henry’s life started as a happy one. He was born different in a time where all Canton people were the same. His grand-father, Stephan White, was the first Negator of Canton, a man who could nullify all Powers, and the one who finally put a stop in Wagner and Magenta’s deadly reign. 
Henry also possessed his grandfather’s ability, and the Council was nothing less than overjoyed. He was born and raised in a small Eastern village, but he was always treated as royalty. His life had been an easy one, full with pleasures and zero responsibilities. His natural charm, combined with his looks and laid-back character earned him a lot of friends, and later in life, girlfriends. 
“Do you even know what responsibility means, Henry? Do you even have dreams, or even targets in your life? Other than partying, I mean.” 
Vanessa Rehberg, his best friend, would always scowl him about his lifestyle, but Henry loved her too much to care. He also loved himself, his martial art training, his motorcycle, the bars of the City Centre and their parties. He only had to work a few times a month, providing the Council with a bunch of negating items like handcuffs or amulet, crafted from him respectively.  
His attitude changed at his 27th birthday party. He and Vanessa shared the same birthday, therefore throwing a huge party on the 29th of July.It was where Henry met the love of his life, Eva Gerard. She was a friend of Vanessa’s and totally breath-taking, big green eyes and a mess of fluffy raven hair, pale complexion and smooth skin. 
She was beautiful, but more than that, she was different in a very particular way. Quiet and really shy, it took Henry almost six months to convince her for a single date. But that was all it took. At his 28th birthday, they were already married. 
For the first time in his life Henry really craved for a family life, ready to embrace the responsibilities that came along. After a while they moved together in his grandfather’s cottage in a little village called Harmony, the last village before the eastern desert.
The Great Deity Aurelia lived in a cave in the middle of the desert. Henry was aware of the fact, because, as a child, he would often leave his house in the middle of the night, riding miles with his motor-bike, in order to see her. He didn’t know why, but she always held a special interest for him, even though they were practically born enemies.
Henry would never forget how they stood opposite each other, and how he admired her waves and ripples of her blue aura. The Deity had no body at the time, just a suspending light ball, grazing the cavern’s walls. 
  The first person he ever shared that information with, was his wife. And slowly, but steadily, Eva begun to change. She was a scholar, studying the Heroes and the Powers of old. She was fascinated with the Deities and wanted to see Aurelia up close, even communicate with her. 
“It’s impossible, baby” Henry would tell her, while they laid together on their bed. “She hasn’t communicated with anyone in years, except maybe the High Counsellor.” 
“Let me try, Henry. Just let me try.”
And he had. Three years in their marriage, and Henry had lead his wife to this damn cave countless of times, with no result. Aurelia would talk to no-one, and his wife would grow more depressive, every single day. Henry knew that her inability to speak with the Deity was merely an excuse for her sadness.
 Despite their efforts, Eva had not been able to become pregnant. And the fact weighted heavy on her. 
 
***
“I just want to be useful” she said one hot afternoon, with the thunderclouds looming threateningly above the desert. 
“But I am not capable of succeeding in one simple thing. I can’t have babies. I am falling back on my work. I can’t even get Aurelia to say one freaking word to me. Let alone be her medium.”
Henry had grasped her shoulders, in a desperate attempt to shake her from the dark cloud she had found herself in. 
“Eva, what are you talking about? A medium gives up its own body, its own soul to its Deity, and it remains possessed forever. You are talking nonsense.”
“It’s the ultimate honour.”
“It’s suicide!”
They had argued for a long time, until they finally went to bed, without a word. 
***
Henry dreamt that night, uneasy, frightening nightmares. And also of an event that had happened just two days ago. 
Vanessa had taken him by the hand, and with a mere excuse, dragged him to the back of the house. 
“Is everything alright, Henry? With Eva I mean.”
“Why do you even ask, Vanessa” but he felt the sweat on his palms. Nothing was ok. Not a single thing. 
“She is becoming slow and forgetful at work. The Archive is starting to fall apart. Even Tom has noticed, and he never complains.”
“I thought you came for a visit, sister. I didn’t know your boyfriend send you to spy on us.”
The hurt on her eyes was clear. “I am here because I care, Henry. Something you obviously don’t. Maybe you’ll start taking care of your own wife. Before it’s too late.”
***
The nightmare made Henry sprung from his bed. He knew that his wife was gone, before he even saw her missing body. He rode as fast as he could, his motorcycle screaming through the desert.
He entered the cave running, out of breath, but it was already too late. Eva was flying towards the blue Aura, her eyes, ears and nose bleeding. The sound of an explosion, and the ground shaking, like an earthquake.
Henry covered his eyes and ears, and when he finally dared to look around, his wife was gone. The blue aura was gone too. In front of his eyes stood Aurelia, with Eva’s body, a malicious grin in her face.
“Hi, love.”
That was the last thing Henry remember, before his world turned black.
His life went downhill after the incident. He was hospitalized for a long time, refusing to see anyone, throwing a crying Vanessa out of his room. Eva had heard their secret conversation that day, he was sure of that. It was the last nail on her coffin. Vanessa, that idiot Rosenberg, and him were the ones responsible. 
After his exit from the hospital, he barricaded himself in his house, refusing to leave or to see anyone. His father tried. His long-time friends tried. Vanessa tried, more than anyone. But everyone failed. 
Henry was a shadow of his old self, and after a while the alcohol came into his life. So did Canton’s wondrous drug, angel-dust. His dad died, and Henry attended his funeral from afar, with Vanessa making the last speech. 
After a while everyone stopped calling, even Vanessa. Every day Henry would inject the liquefied drug in his veins, with a single hope of death as his own companion. He was a coward. A betrayer. A killer. 
 Sometimes a small flame would burn bright inside Henry’s mind, a tiny spark forming into a feeling, and that feeling was anger. In those rare, lively moments, he knew he wasn’t responsible for his wife’s death. Trying to shake the self-loathing out of him, Henry blamed the thing that took everything away from his life. Aurelia. Everyone in Canton thought that the Deities were holy and kindred spirits, but he alone knew, that they were evil in their very essence. 
 Aurelia was the one who broke his wife’s spirit, forcing her to jump in that cave. She had always needed a body, their Holy Deity, and his wife was an excellent candidate. 
 I’ll kill you one day, Aurelia. I’m a Negator, a miracle of men, a force of nature. You ruined my life. And one day, I will find the strength to fight back. And then my revenge will be the sweetest thing I’ve ever tasted.
***
The loud knocking sound startled him. 
This is a dream. It must be.
Then he realized that someone was knocking at the door. His door. He mustered his thoughts as well as he could. Everyone had forgotten him, and with good reason. Some new neighbour perhaps, trying to test his luck with the spooky house round the corner. 
Well, too bad, friend. Today is not your lucky day.
 He went back in his troubled sleep. And then BOOM! A blast so strong that nearly gave Henry a heart attack. And that weird sensation, something he rarely felt anymore. Pure Anger. He was an alcoholic, a drug addict, a loser. But that was still his house and no one had the right to barge in uninvited. 
He jumped up, trying to stabilize himself as much as possible. His heart and head were throbbing and his feet were unstable, but he was too mad to notice. He opened his bedroom door with a deafening bang and stomped into his living room. 
“WHO the fuck do you think you are, barging into MY house like this? Go away, or you will get your ass handed to you. In pieces.” 
He shout the sentence out loud, surprising himself. He didn’t even know he still had the strength to threaten someone.
Two figures were standing at the entrance, behind his now wrecked door. Two men. Two men he knew too well. 
“Guido? Peter? What the hell are you two doing here?”
 Henry felt extremely annoyed, but also a little bit glad. He had been alone for so long. 
Guido looked at him with a look of deep sadness and wonder, but remained silent. 
You never were one of too many words, my friend.
 Peter approached him carefully, looking at him questioningly, with disbelief painted all over his face. 
“Henry, is that you? What … what happened to you? Why are you looking like this?” 
His wonder infuriated Henry. He took a step towards him and Peter took a step back reflexively. He must’ve looked pretty threatening, even in this sorrow state. He was one of the best tactical fighters of Canton, after all. 
“What happened to me? What the fuck happened to you? Are you even in your right minds, barging in like that? If you have a favour to ask, I would advise you to be a little more gentle and cautious next time. Now get out.” 
“I am afraid that’s out of the question, Henry.”
 Neither Peter nor Guido had spoken. It was a woman’s voice. Figures.
 “Better step out of the shadows now, Vanessa. Or are you afraid of me too?” 
Vanessa Rehberg stepped inside the house and walked right towards him. 
“Afraid of you Henry? No. I know very well, how much of a great pussy you are. Staying barricaded after the death of your wife. There is no need for anyone to be afraid of you anymore. By the looks of you, you can’t even carry your staff.” 
She spat out the words, but she looked more sad than angry. She was exactly the same as six months ago, in his father’s funeral speech. It was the first and last time Henry had been drugged out of his house.
“You must be in a really tight position to be destroying people’s homes, just for a change to speak to them, Vanessa.” 
“This isn’t a friendly Sunday visit, Henry. We are here because you have a contract.” 
“Excuse me?” 
Henry had to search hard in his brain to understand the meaning of her words.
“Vanessa, have you lost your mind? I belong to the Council, and I’m obliged to help with my negation at times of extreme necessity and/or war. Do you see any war around you?” 
“Would you even recognise a war going on at this sorry state of yours? As long as you were sleeping Henry, alarming things happened. People disappeared in the West. Some were even found dead, just below the Great Mountain.” 
She continued as Henry gazed at her, speechless. 
“The Academy is re-opened. And we train people there. Talented young people. Some of them are showing great potential already. Maybe a little more than we can handle. So we need you to be on standby in all of the times. You are being paid to do so, Henry. You are the Council’s property.” 
Henry’s head was spinning. The information was too much for his wounded brain to handle. He spoke slowly, addressing directly at Vanessa. 
“Let me get this straight. You took innocent young people, practically kids, and you train them to face an enemy which leaves dead bodies behind him? How desperate are you? Do you even care that they might be in danger? Do you even care if they live or die?”
 Vanessa was now at the edge of her almost non-existing patience. 
“They are in a fully secured environment and they train under extremely careful circumstances…”  
“Of course you don’t care if they die. Like you never cared if everyone else lives or dies, did you, Vanessa?” 
“Henry that’s enough. Say no more. You know you’ll regret this.”
 Guido was the one talking now, pleading for him to stay silent. Henry’s mouth was faster than his brain.
 “Like you didn’t care if your best friend died or not. You ruined my life and now you want me to help you? GET OUT OF MY HOUSE.”
Henry screamed the last sentence with all the spite he could master. He felt liberated, even for a few seconds, before guilt settled in. 
The guys started to protest, but Vanessa was faster than both of them. In a totally unexpected show of her strength, she jumped directly at Henry and threw him on the floor, holding his neck, pinning him to the ground. 
“Vanessa get a hold of yourself. You are better than this” screamed Peter, unable to stop her. 
But Vanessa wouldn’t listen. She was too enraged to listen. She slapped Henry’s cheek once, hard. But instead of protesting, Henry started laughing. A hysterical crazy laugh. 
“What’s wrong, sister? Are you angry because you can’t handle the truth? Or because I made you express your true feelings? If you could only look at yourself right now, while you’ve dropped the mask of pretentious seriousness.”
She slapped him again, harder this time. His head turned on the right side, facing the large mirror in his living room, long unused and dusty.
 “Look at your face, Henry and tell me which one of us has the worst look. Don’t you dare putting Eva’s name into your mouth, you fucking junkie. If there is a higher place and she is there, you be sure, she is ashamed of her husband’s actions every single day. You put a nail on her coffin like the rest of us. And you don’t even have the courage to accept it.”
 She spat on the ground next to him. 
Henry remained totally still, saying nothing. He was too hurt from her words to respond, even though he was the first to start this blame game. Probably because her words were so true.
 Vanessa regained her grip on reality and stood up, leaving him motionless on the floor. 
“We are leaving.” 
She was the first to exit the house. Peter was right behind her as always. Guido turned his back at him. But as he started to leave, he halted. 
“I know we were not always of one mind Henry, but you were, you are an amazing fighter. And teacher. It’s a pity, what you’ve become. I don’t think Eva would like to see you that way. We all loved her. I hope you don’t forget that. And I want to believe that you don’t want to see yourself this way. Just try.” 
And with that he took his leave. Henry remained there motionless, silent, and closed his eyes, wishing for this nightmare to end. 
***
7. Awakening
The New Academy -19th August, 200 A.D
Val was walking down the wide corridor leading to the Library. She was alone, like most of the time the last few days. The fact didn’t normally bothered her, but today her sense of alarm was overwhelming.
 A month had already gone by, since their first test of fears. And Val was still Powerless.
As she sat in one of the many chairs with an open book in her lap, her mind raced uncontrollably. The Library was empty, but still she couldn’t concentrate to the magical theme “Academy Heroes: Period 50-70 A.D”. 
She closed the book with an angry thump, and massaged her temples, trying to keep the headache at bay.
The view outside the Library was stunning in the light of the afternoon sun, the forest which surrounded the Academy in full view, its trees shaking lightly in the wind.
 A month. A whole fucking month, and still, nothing. 
John had his powerful mind-reading. Amy had her teleportation. Sebastian had developed a Power of super-speed, and Mike’s body would transform into an impenetrable mix of metal and black-rock, his strength unmatched.
And I am still sitting here reading about the old Heroes. Fuck.
Val knew that her complaints were more or less unfair. Her friends were still her friends, and they were still spending most of their common hours together, studying, training or just having fun talking. But their talks almost always ended up with their Powers, how amazing the feeling of using them was, how naturally it came to them. And Val could only stay silent, trying to feel happy for the four of them, but ending up feeling jealous.
She stood up and, leaving the book at her reading desk, headed to the Library’s exit, almost running. She had no intention of learning about old or new Heroes anymore. The halls were all empty, and her heart felt heavy on her chest. Suddenly, Val had a marvellous idea. 
The Atrium… The rest of the Powerless might still be there, while the others are occupied with their “special training”. 
Val turned around and walked away from the Library, reaching a small set of steps. She felt the warmth of sun rays, before she even reached the Atrium’s main floor. It was a nice day, one of the last real summer days and when Val finally stood at the rectangular bright white room, seeing the benches all around the small pool standing in the middle, the enormous glass windows exposing the incredible scenery of the forest below, she felt a joy she couldn’t quite place. 
No wonder most of the people prefer studying here, as in the Library. The people…
Val turned her head left and right, her feeling of uneasiness magnifying by the minute. 
Where the hell are the people? 
It was then when she heard it. The little weak voice. 
“Valentine.”
 Emma Stone’s voice. Poor Emma, she was still one of the few Powerless, just like Val herself. The fact had lead them spending a lot of hours together, either at the Library, or at the Training Rooms.  Relieved that she was not completely alone in this world, Val turned to the sound source, but froze before she had taken a full step. 
Emma was on the ground, face down, Tobias holding her firmly by the head, Alice looming over her, with Will just a few steps behind, looking sincerely scared of the whole ordeal. 
Of course. Of course it would come down to this. Actually, one month of peace was already too much. You thought Alice Green would forget about you? 
Valentine took small careful steps towards Alice and Emma. 
“Aren’t you ready to barge in and save her, Hero? Oops, I forgot, you don’t even have a Power.” 
Alice’s voice teasing her, and Tobias’ hand pushing Emma’s face to the floor. 
“Val, ran for help. Please. Just leave me here. I can… I can take them.”
 Alice kicked the poor girl’s ribs. 
“Silence! You thought a couple of self-defence lessons with that bitch would help you? You thought getting a speed-up Power would save you from your fate? Oh that’s right…”
 Alice laughed with Val’s surprised face 
“…our little mouse over here is a Speeder. She was running in the corridors happily to tell her idiotic friends, including you, I guess, when she got caught right in my trap. Maybe you are not as fast as you thought, little one.” 
Alice pulled Emma’s hair and the girl screamed. 
“Take me. It’s me you want, not her.” 
Val said as she kneeled on the ground, hands in front of her. 
“I am Powerless. Do whatever you want with me. Just leave Emma alone.”
 She sincerely meant it. She had no escape plan. She would take it up, and maybe, just maybe, if she survived this, they would leave her alone once and for all. And her friends wouldn’t have to pay for one stupid mistake of her past. 
Alice looked at her with pity. 
“I thought you would fight a little bit more, like the old days. I overestimated you, it seems. You grew soft after you release from the Asylum and this place did nothing to help. No matter. Take her, boys.” 
Tobias sprung up, leaving poor Emma lying on the ground, with Will following him reluctantly. They ceased both of Val’s arms and pushed the back of her head, making her face the ground. 
As Alice walked towards her, Val looked at Emma, who was slowly getting up, trying to recover from the shock. 
“Run. As fast as you can.”
Emma sprinted like the wind, disappearing from the Atrium at once. Alice sniggered. 
“The little mouse goes to your rescue. But that only means we have to be extra-fast in our treatment, don’t we?” 
She kicked Val in her belly, making her double up from pain. Another kick, and another, till she spat out blood. Then Tobias grabbed her by the hair and led her with Will at the edge of the pool. 
Alice followed them, and soon enough she was also standing right at the edge, slapping Val with all her strength. Once, twice, three times, her hands insanely quick, her face a mask of rage and malice. 
“Time for a little electro-therapy, sweetie. Don’t worry, you are not going to die. Probably.” 
Alice laughed like a madman and then turned her head towards Tobias and Will. 
“Put her head inside.” 
The pool. Alice’s Power. She really wants to kills me. She doesn’t care about her punishment. Her mind is too far gone. 
Val started moving around trying to escape the boys’ grip. Will’s did loosen up a bit, as if he was having second thoughts about Alice’s insane plan. But Tobias was relentless. He punched her straight at the back of her head, and Val screamed, unable to see, unable to speak, her brain going dark. 
“What’s the matter, Val? You thought that I will show you mercy? You thought that I will just beat you up? You’re dead, bitch.” 
The boys pushed her and Val found herself head down in the pool, her nose and her lungs filling up with water, asphyxiation causing her consciousness to fade. It was only a matter of seconds. 
“Time to finish this. This joke was gone on long enough.”
 Alice rose her hand, producing a wave of electric energy, of all the Power she had to have this one, god-dammit, as Val faded to black. 
And there in the darkness of her unconscious mind, she dreamt again. She was at her bench in the beautiful park, but desperation filled her soul and she couldn’t speak. The little black-haired girl, her dream companion, turned around and looked at her with pity.
 Are you going to die like this? Do you want to be remembered like this?
What the hell am I supposed to do? I am Powerless. I have nothing against them. 
Then the small figure laughed and stood up. And slapped her. The shock was so great, Val felt her blood freezing in her veins. The kid looked at her firmly, her black eyes shining.
 Wake up.
 And so she did. 
***
 Val emerged out of the water, gasping for air, her two arms extended and her palms open. Tobias and Will were already flying backwards, creating an arch and hitting the benches with their backs. 
Alice also flew, the electric current destined to hit Val coming out of her hand, turning upwards, hitting the lamps and shattering them into pieces. Alice’s back hit the wall, the air leaving her lungs. And then Val knew, a feeling of certainty deep within her muscles, bones and soul. She was finally truly awake. 
She turned around slowly, water trickling from her head to her clothes. Will was the first to face her wrath. She moved her wrist swiftly upwards and opened up her palm. Will flew down the stairs, his body falling down like a sack, making dump sounds, as his bones cracked on the stair’s edges. 
One down, she thought, two to go. Time for the big fish. 
Tobias was slowly recovering from Val’s first attack, shaking his head. He looked up at her, and raised his fists, determined to hit her once again in his blind rage, charging at her.
 Not this time, fucker. Val’s left arm closed in a fist, and Tobias felt every sense of control leaving his body. 
You are mine now. 
Val opened her palm and her enemy was lifted slowly from the ground, elevating, his mouth a small surprised circle, his face white. She moved her hand up and down, and Tobias fell, hitting one of the Atrium’s benches. A second later his body was being lifted again, only to fall in the ground. His body was moving, rising and falling, directed by her all-powerful hand. After five consequent attacks, Val stopped her wave movement and Tobias was left on the ground, unconscious. 
One more to go. 
Alice was already recovering, her eyes two wide bulbs looking Tobias’s body with dubious disbelief.
 “You fucking bitch. You killed him!” 
You wanted to kill me first, Alice. 
Her enemy raised her hand abruptly, trying to throw an electric current at Val, missing her entirely, hitting and breaking the bench on her right in half.
 She is still dizzy from the hit, Val thought. Perfect.
 She could have ended it right there and now, like she did with the other two. One swift attack against Alice, and she was a goner. But that wasn’t enough. Just hitting her once wouldn’t do the trick. Val wanted to truly scare her, and then maybe, she would finally had a change of being left alone. 
I’ve suffered so long at your hands. Revenge is sweet, after all.
Val raised her arm again, while taking a few steps to her left, avoiding one of Alice’s currents. She lifted her opponent of the ground and with a sudden jerk of her arm, Alice flew upwards, hitting the ceiling, breaking her nose in the process.
 The jets of blood were massive, as Alice screamed and moved her arms frantically, shooting her wild electric energy everywhere, smashing lights, benches and tiles alike. 
Val let Alice go and raised both her arms in front of her torso, creating a sort of an invisible shield, protecting herself from the flying debris. 
Alice got up once again, but this time the possibility of an upcoming defeat, made her lose her composure. She tried to run towards the stairs, only to be lifted high up the air again, and screamed as Val dropped her wrist, leading her head first in the water, a dive Alice was not prepared for. Her body dropped with a big splash, submerging in the pool water.
 One, two, three… 
Val counted exactly three seconds, and then moved her both arms behind her head, making Alice’s body emerge from the pool, flying all the way back to the base of the stairs. 
“On your feet, bitch. Is that all you got?”
 Alice got up, wet, unable to produce electricity, if only for a little while. Her eyes were shining, a crazy determination in them. 
“You are dead.” 
Alice charged towards Val, ready to take her down with her bare hands. Val closed her eyes. The enormous glass windows started shaking, rocking back and forth, left and right, cracking in many small spots.
 Alice finally realised what was going to happen, her survival instinct surpassing her madness. She stopped right on her tracks, tried to turn left in order to escape once more, but it was too late.
 Val’s right hand moved instinctively, her Power pinning Alice to the ground. As she opened her eyes, the windows broke with a loud banging sound and a thousand glass shards, sharp as knives, made their way straight towards Alice’s face, destroying the remaining furniture in the process. Alice’s eyes widened as she pissed her skirt, her skin losing all colour as the shards reached her neck and body. 
“VAL, DON’T DO IT, PLEASE. STOP.” 
The desperate scream brought Val back to reality. She looked right behind Alice, at the edge of the stairs. Amy was there with Sebastian, the two of them being the first to reach the Atrium. Vanessa Rehberg was standing behind them, breathless, not believing her eyes. 
“I know where to stop, Amy.”
 She dropped the shards, as Alice Green fainted. Val was wet and tired and beaten up, but she was glad. For the first time in her time, she had confronted Alice Green alone. And she had won. 
***
Val felt unusually calm as she sat inside the Instructor’s office, waiting for Vanessa’s final judgement. She already knew that Alice was in their private infirmary, alive and well.
 There is nothing to fear.
Vanessa entered her office, showing no emotion at all. 
Cold and professional, she sat in her comfortable chair and looked straight at Val’s eyes. 
Val looked like a mess having enough time to just wipe her hair with a towel and clean the trails of blood from her nose and mouth. But the bruises were there, and it was clear that she was the one being abused, instead of the other way around. 
Vanessa had a moment of sorrow in her look, before her expression turned back to professional again. She took a deep breath. 
“Valentine Stone. The girl with the best original Test. You were Powerless until a few hours ago, am I right?” 
“Yes.”
“And now, you have the greatest and rarest power in Canton. Telekinesis. Congratulations. I just wish you hadn’t used it to attack another teammate”
“Mrs. Rehberg, with all due respect, have you seen my face? My head was stuck in a swimming pool, with Alice Green sending an electric current right at it. Sending the shards against her was a despicable thing to do, but I only wanted to scare her. She would have gladly killed me. How else was I going to protect myself, when apparently no one around here is doing his job?”
 Vanessa’s eyes opened wide, and her face turned shamefully to the ground.
 Val regretted the last sentence instantly. It was not their fault either. Who would have thought that such a dangerous individual like Alice would be a Hero Candidate? 
“I am sorry.”
“Don’t be Valentine. You are right to be angry. I personally know the Green family. Especially her father, Aldus. I know what he is capable off. But Valentine, your past record is not far better either. Incidents of aggressive behaviour, including your stay at the Centre for the Mentally Ill for two years. This was also the result of a fight with the Greens, isn’t it?”
 Val nodded silently, trying to hold her tears. 
Vanessa stood up, and came around her office sitting right next to her. She took her hand in hers, surprising Val. 
“I want to offer you a deal, Valentine. Alice Green is alive and kicking and right now, very scared. She sucked up her pride, and agreed not to talk to her daddy about any of this. Mainly because she would be facing major legal issues, after the assault against you.”
“But?” 
Vanessa took a deep breath. 
“But you are going to have to let it go too, Ok? No revenge plans. You focus on your amazing Power, which is the best gift someone could have, and let the grudge fade. You are adults in an Academy of Heroes, and you are going to have to act like ones, like it or not.” 
Val was silent for a second, but then slowly moved her head in agreement.
 “I’m done with Alice Green, Mrs. Rehberg. I think she’s done with me too. She used to be so much more powerful than me. Not anymore.” 
Val was surprised with her own attitude. But seeing Alice pissing herself was enough, at least for now. She didn’t want to pursue the grudge any further.
 “I am glad to hear it, Valentine. It will be the best for you and your team. And I promise you, we will keep eyes on the Green girl, night and day” 
Vanessa gave Val a last smile and resumed her sit behind the desk. 
“So, tomorrow is a new day. Have a good’s night sleep. You are going to need it for your new training. That is all.”
 The discussion came to an end. The front door opened and Val knew that this was her cue. She left Vanessa’s office and walked the long corridor which led to the Library. Her head was light and her heart even lighter. She was not going to be taken away by the Academy. She had all the time in the world to train with her new, amazing Power. There was only one thing left to do. 
***
8. The Party
“It’s it already late, John. Maybe she is not coming. It was too much of a shock. I’m telling you, we should go look for her.”
 Mike was talking impatiently, and feeling impatient too. A few hours had passed since Val was released from the Instructor’s office, going straight to her room instead of talking to them. They had all been waiting in the roof ever since, waiting until she was ready to talk. 
“She’ll come, Mike. Just wait a little bit longer. It was a long day for all of us. Too much to … digest, know what I mean?”
 Sebastian tried to be cautious with his words, as to not enrage Mike any further. And we wasn’t the only one enraged.
 “When I see Green, I am going to strangle her with my own hands. You wait and see.” 
Amy murmured with a cold-blood, calculating voice.
“It’s a miracle, if Val wants to see us again. We left her all alone.” 
John felt a pinch of guilt at Amy’s words. They had all been way too absorbed with their Powers, the last few days. Besides, Valentine was always so strong and confident. She was the one taking the weaker teammates under her wing, teaching them combat moves. She didn’t need anyone’s help, did she? 
I said I’ll take care of her. And I failed.
 He sighted, and then felt a soft stimuli in his brain. He turned around and smiled instinctively.
 Val came out of the shadows, dressed in a simple black T-shirt and purple silk night-shorts. She smiled at them, a sad apologetic smile, as they all stood up to greet her. 
Amy was to first to hug her, giving her a moment’s warmth before Mike’s arms took over. 
“I am sorry, sweetheart.”
“We all are.” 
The regret was deep in Sebastian’s voice.
 The knot in his throat wouldn’t let John speak. 
We are all self-absorbed idiots. 
“There is nothing to be sorry about. You had your own thing going on, Powers, special training, all that. I had nothing to discuss, nothing to participate with.”
“Val, don’t say that. We are a team. We are supposed to be here for each other…”
“Are we?” 
The four of them looked at her, red and ashamed. 
“I don’t want to make you feel uncomfortable, neither blame you. And I really do like you all. For the first time, after a long time, I didn’t feel completely alone. And it’s not like you don’t care for me. You told me to be careful and I told you everything is going to be fine. And then suddenly it wasn’t.”
She sighted and looked at the stars above her. 
“Valentine, listen…” John started talking but Val hushed him by raising her hand. 
“But… you were too pre-occupied with your Powers, and I was too pre-occupied with my jealousy. Fact is… I want to be friends with you. And there can be no friendship based on lies… I was the one Alice Green was after, all along.”
The surprised gasp from all four was in unison. 
 “I’ve known Alice Green my whole life. Hell, we were even at primary school. I’m not going to lie. She was always a sadistic bitch, torturing whatever she could find, from animals to classmates. Her father is a Counsellor, so she was never punished. But, we kind of understood each other. And, for some weird reason she never tried to hurt me, and that was good enough for me.”
Val took a deep breath, and continued.
“Somewhere along the way, she tried to make me an accomplice to her violent action. That’s where I had to draw the line. I lost every contact with her and her gang, and started hanging out with the other kids, the victims. Before I even knew it there were two enemy lines. Mine’s and hers.” 
 “As we entered High School, I started getting into fights with Alice and her gang all the more often. We were many, but they were violent. Beatings, pranks, you name it… My parents started worrying about me. They found Aldus and spoke to him. The sadistic bastard laughed and said his daughter was just having a phase. He even threatened them, about my safety. Poor people. I fought with them, all the time. They always tried to warn me, telling me it was not my business to save other people. But if not I, then who?” 
“You’re right, Val. Absolutely right. We have to stand against the bullies, no matter what” said Seb, a rare passion in his voice. 
Val smiled bitterly. “Right or crazy, Seb? One day, Alice decided she had enough of my rebellion. She, Toby and Will ambushed me on my way back home, and beat me. It was around midnight, when my parents received the call that I was lying in a hospital bed.” 
“Val…” Mike started saying, already realizing where the story was going. He knew about her parents, all too well. 
“When they found their car, it was already too late. They were way over the speed limit. They died instantly. At least they felt no pain.” 
Val was in that part of her story already, and she didn’t even cry. 
I am getting better at this. 
“My parents were state employees, so I got granted a small apartment, a nice social caretaker and a good sum of money. After their death, I stopped playing the hero. At least, that was what Alice thought. But my anger was burning, slow and steady, every single day.”
“After four whole years of inactivity, it was my time to ambush her. I send her a note telling to meet on the roof, alone. And she did. She probably thought I wanted to lick her feet or something.  Before she even had a chance to speak, I grabbed her by the hair and hold her over the rooftop ledge. That was her favourite torture method at the time, so I wanted Alice to feel like her victims felt. I stood above her as she screamed, cried and cursed, until she promised me she would never hurt another person.”
“And you believed her?” John’s voice was full of doubt. You can’t be such an idiot, Valentine, his voice said. 
“I did. The next day, they took me to the Mentally Challenged Institute in the East Outskirts. The police just barged into my home and arrested me, even though I was just a minor. Dr. Green’s orders. Figures. The weirdest thing is, I didn’t care. Because deep down, I knew this was bound to happen, one way or the other. I was long overdue for Alice’s revenge.” 
“They threw me at the Asylum. The first year was the hardest. Under Alice’s and Aldus’ orders, the wardens made my life a living hell. Hunger, cold, pain… And much darkness. That’s all I can remember.” 
Everyone nodded. There was no point for details. They had all been witnesses to her test of fears. 
“The second year was a little bit easier. They had already broken me, so the Green family had lost their interest in me. I was just left in a cold cell to rot. Until a new social worker took notice of my story, and its inconsistencies. I was examined by a bunch of doctors, and found innocent. It was in one of those offices, that I met Mike.”
She took his hand in hers, and Mike blushed faintly, squeezing her palm. 
“It was really difficult at the beginning. Difficult to move on. How the fuck do you move on after this? At least that’s what I thought back then. I fought with depression and my anger for a long, long time. But in the end, I managed to finish University. I even found a job, and some friends. And then I ended up here, with you.”
“What about Emma, Val?” asked Seb. 
“Emma was always Alice’s favourite victim. She was small and cute, exactly like now, the perfect target. She had to testify against me in the first trial, and that’s how I ended up in the Asylum. But I never blamed her. That’s what I wanted to tell her than night at the stairs. But Alice found us. And the rest is history.” 
 Val looked at the floor, silent, drained after pouring her soul out. 
 Amy got up and walked right next to her. 
“What now, Val? How are we going to deal with this? I personally want to kick Alice’s butt, if that’s ok with you.” 
Sorry Amy. 
“We let her go.”
“WHAT?”
 Amy and Mike both asked simultaneously, outraged. Even Sebastian looked at her with surprise. 
“We let her go. A part of me actually wants that, too. Rehberg was there. The whole Academy was there. And the whole scene is recorded. If we pursue this further… we are both out of the Academy. Problem is, Alice Green will find a way to be back again, through her father. Even if she doesn’t, her whole life would be ahead of her. But I… I will end up in the Underground, and that’s the best case scenario. Found dead in an alley being the most plausible one.” 
Val looked at them with hopeful eyes. 
“Besides, Alice agreed not to mention the incident ever again.” 
“Of course she did,” said Amy bitterly. “She was the one responsible.”
 Val looked at her and smiled, but it was a sad smile. 
“I don’t believe anything that bitch says. But she has the means to get away with it, Amy. I don’t.” 
“Valentine is right. This stupid vendetta has to end. We have more serious matters to address. From now on, we leave the crazy Green alone. And she'd better be leaving us alone too.”
 John was the one to speak, composed. 
 Weak moans of protests came out from Mike’s and Amy’s mouths. 
“That doesn’t mean we are letting our guard down. We continue the training. We have eyes on our backs. And if she tries to ambush us once again, we’ll be ready for her.” 
“That sounds more like it!”
 “Can we leave that psycho girl alone for a second, and focus on Valentine’s amazing Power? I think that was one of the most impressive things I’ve seen.”
 Val felt her cheeks burn, remembering the excitement she felt.
“Thanks, Seb. I guess I know now, how you all feel.” 
“On the contrary. I did some research on the matter, Val. Turns out telekinesis was pretty rare even in the Academy’s golden age, and they had some pretty impressive Powers at that time.” 
“Rehberg mention that too. But why? Why is it considered so rare?”
“No one really knows. Rumour has it, telekinesis descends from Elizabeth Canton’s own bloodstream. Don’t tell me you are secretly a lost Canton, Val?” Seb winked at her playfully. 
Val burst out laughing, wiping the tears from her eyes.
 “I think the resemblance with my parents is too great and my bank account too small to be a lost Canton princess, unfortunately”
“Then we’ll just have to let it be. For the time. At least every single soul in the Academy had a Power now. Oh, and we are throwing a party.”
“What?” Val turned her face to the other three, as they look guiltily on the floor. 
“You all knew about this?”
“I would gladly explain to you Val, but I have get ready. I am singing tonight.” 
With that overjoyed line, Amy teleported fast away from the balcony. 
 John looked at Val, apologetically. 
“Sorry Valentine, I guess we forgot to mention it. We’ve been talking about it for ages, Seb even made a poll at the Heroic News. We all have a Power now, so we decided to throw a party, to celebrate. The Instructors are fine with it, even Vanessa, as long as we don’t tear the place apart. We thought it would be the best for you, to lay some steam you know.” 
“What about Alice?” Val shuddered at the mere. 
“I doubt Alice and her group reads the Heroic News, Val. And she won’t dare show her face in public after the incident. Besides, you’ll be guarded at all times.”
 Seb smiled innocently at her. Val considered the offer.
 Why the hell not? I had an awfully long day. Might as well drink it up until the end.
*** 
The party was bustling inside the Conference Room. Even behind the heavy closed doors, the music was loud and clear. Mike knocked on the door. 
“I don’t think that’s going to work, Mike. I doubt if they can even hear us,”
“Password?” 
Mike was enraged at the AI’s voice.
 “We organised the party, you idiot. Why do we even need a password?”
 Seb went in front of the door, saying with a soft sensual voice 
“I have the boose”.
 The door opened up slowly and Nelson came out laughing. 
“Gee, Mike do you always have to be so hot-headed? Seb has the right approach.” 
They high-fived, leaving Mike rolling his eyes. 
“So are we going inside now or what?” 
The boys proceeded, excited. Val was the last one of the group, so Nelson stopped her briefly by catching her arm gently. 
“Are you ok, Val?”
“Yeah, I guess. I try not to think about it too much.”
“We’ll make sure it won’t happen again. We are together on this.” 
“Thanks, Nelson. I really appreciate it.”
 She followed him to the centre of the party, admiring the decoration of the Chamber. Blue flashing lights on the ceiling and the pillars, tables full with alcohol and snacks all around the pillar circle, leaving room for dancing in the centre of the room. The podium was re-constructed as a small stage, waiting for Amy to fill it with her presence. 
Suddenly, Mandy jumped out of nowhere and hugged Val tightly, giving her a heart attack. 
“I am soooooo glad you’re still alive, Val! Jesus, when Emma came to find us, we all thought you were dead. Oh, sweet God.” 
She was slightly drunk, crying from joy, but Val appreciated the contact too much to push her away. 
“Everything is ok, Mandy. Let’s just forget about this.” 
Emma was the next to hug her, red and embarrassed. 
“You saved my life once again.”
 “And you mine. But I sincerely hope that’s the end of our mutual rescuing.”
“We are on the look-out now, girls. There is no need for worry.”
 John was once again with Val, his hand sliding around her waist. It was a nice feeling, a mix of awkwardness and longing. 
“Can I borrow you for a second, Valentine?”
She followed him on a secluded corner, behind the shadows of the pillars. Amy had just appeared on stage, flashed but utterly happy, singing with her amazing voice. Mike was already spinning Emma on the dancefloor, foolishly drunk. Seb was looking at Amy with a warm passion. 
Val took a big sip of her beer and turned her head on John, meaning to tell him something. She saw him looking directly at her eyes, his expression a mystery. 
“What’s wrong, John?” 
He blushed. 
“Nothing, Valentine. It was a party like this when we first met, right down to Amy singing. I just… I hope you are not still afraid of me.” 
“Is that why you are looking at me like that? You still think I am afraid of you?”
“No. I just think… you are really pretty tonight.” 
Val sincerely laughed at his comment, since he was obviously joking. 
“Thanks, but I am just in jeans and T-shirt, John. I don’t think I’m all that spectacular. Not to mention beaten up.”
But John had no intention of stopping. 
“I think it’s amazing you’re here, after what you’ve been through. The strength to share your greatest fear.” 
Val felt the sadness drowning her once again, unsure if this was the end of her conflict with Alice. She lowered her gaze, disappointed.
 John realized the change of her mood at once, turned her around so they stood face to face. He then pulled her closer, with a swift move. 
 Val felt the warmth of his body, and trembled. When his lips touched hers, it came as no surprise. She welcomed the faint smell of alcohol in his breath, as her tongue connected with his, in a sweet, sensual kiss. Val’s brain rushed, thinking of the possibilities. She loved the way he kissed her, how real and intimate it felt.
 But it’s not really you he wants, is it?
 She broke away from his grip, already feeling half-empty. John moaned softly, like a wounded animal.
“What is wrong, Valentine?” 
“You know what’s wrong, John. This is not right. You kissed me because you feel guilty. You’ve been dreaming about me your whole life, never being able to protect me. You couldn’t even protect me from Alice today, as she was about to drown me in that pool. You want to redeem for your actions. But you confuse your sympathy with lust.” 
John touched her again, gently.
“Val, it’s true that I had a crush on you, even since I was a kid, because of my dreams. And I do feel guilty about leaving you alone, that’s why I want to be with you from now on. And not only as a friend.” 
Val was torn apart from her own confused state of mind, but her logic was stronger than her passion. 
“Then what about your girlfriend, John? The one you clearly still have feelings for.”
 John took a step backwards, snapping out of his trance, waking up for real this time. After a pause, he said.
 “You are right, Valentine. It feels wrong, playing this game.”
 “I am not saying I don’t have feelings for you, John. When you come clean with your feelings, when you are completely sure that you really like me, and no one else, then we can try once more. What do you say?” 
He nodded, touching her lips with his fingers, kissing her in the forehead this time. 
Damn your idiotic brain, Val. 
John smiled at her, almost realizing her thought.
 “Let’s go find the others, shall we?” 
*** 
“Sounds like a party outside.” Tom Rosenberg was in the Instructor’s office, showing up at short notice. 
Vanessa always thought he looked amazing in costumes, a tall, strangely handsome man at his mid-forties, but even now, dressed in a plain black top and jeans, he was a sight for sore eyes. The music outside was starting to weight on her, lightening her mood.
 Admiring his looks is not acceptable anymore, Vanessa. You ended this.
 “Since the beginning of the Training, we’ve agreed to give them the Conference Chamber for a party, once they all had their Powers. And now they do.” 
“And with live music too. The girl who sings, she is that same girl with the cover album, right? Amy Wyatt.” 
Vanessa smiled at his comment, despite her intention of keeping the conversation totally professional. 
“Impressive knowledge, Tom. I wasn’t aware than men of your age have an interest in the new music hits.” 
Instead of getting angry, Tom laughed. 
“Some do, Vanessa. And if I wanted to be an optimist now, I would have guessed that you invited me here to celebrate as well.” 
It could have been possible, since the students had already kindly invited all the Instructors to attend. In fact, they all were down there, listen to Amy Wyatt perform, trying to keep some order, but ending up being more wasted than the kids. Vanessa wished she was with them, preferably with Tom by her side. If only.
 “I wish that was the case, Tom, I really do. But things are really serious right now. The party was the only good excuse to send everyone else away, so we could be completely alone. I want to show you a video footage” 
He came by her side, sitting next to her and watched the whole assault video from beginning to end. When he rose again, he was speechless. 
“Who are those two girls involved?” 
“The assaulter is Alice Green. Yes, Aldus’ kid, Tom” she added when Tom looked at her with complete disbelief. 
“That crazy, sadistic individual is Aldus’ daughter?” 
Vanessa nodded.
 “And the victim? The telekinetic girl?” 
Tom was hesitant to even mutter the words, his disbelief completely understandable. 
“She is called Valentine Stone. No known connection to any of our old, significant families, despite her telekinesis.” 
He sighted. 
“Are they ok?” 
“Yes, the victim had already been treated by our doctor, probably at the party right now. Aldus’ daughter will spend a night at the Infirmary, mostly because we don’t want her attempting something like this again. We came to an agreement, Tom. Nobody talks about the incident, and we are spared from Aldus’ rage. I just thought you should be aware of the fact. You are our High Counsellor, after all.” 
Tom shook his head. 
“And you believe those girls? Why do they even had to fight on the first place?” 
Vanessa told him about the facts that she had gathered, about their high-school years’ rivalry until Valentine Stone’s stay in the Asylum, signed and approved by Aldus himself. 
“And yes I do believe them when they say they’ll keep quiet. I have no other choice. But we will keep a really close eye from now own. I promise. And…”
 He looked at her, questioningly. 
“If things get rough, there is always Henry White. I paid him a visit a month ago, reminding him who he still works for.”
 Tom opened his mouth to protest instinctively, but ended up saying nothing. The whole Henry White situation was still painful for the both of them. He just had to trust her on this. 
Vanessa sat down tired, her fingers in her temples. She didn’t mind showing her weakness to Tom. He had seen her in her worst days. When she looked up, she saw that he seemed equally concerned and tired. 
“Tom, it’s a long way home. You want to stay here for the night, maybe? We have a couple of spare beds, and I am guessing many of the kids will be sleeping in pairs tonight.” 
He chuckled at her comment. 
“Such vulgarity, Mrs Rehberg. You are a really progressive Academy.” 
“We try our best, High Counsellor.” 
He looked at her, intensely, obviously considering the possibility. Then he lowered his head. 
“I am afraid I have to decline your offer, Vanessa. I need some time to think. About the things that happened here.”
 She felt sorrow and guilt swiping over her. He certainly had better things to do, a man like himself. 
“I am sorry that I messed up your night Tom. I thought you should know.” 
He was already at the door. 
“You did the right thing. In fact every decision you’ve made till now, has proved to be the right one.”
 The meaning of his words did not escape her.  She turned her back as Tom walked out the door.  
“Sweet dreams, Counsellor.” 

***

9. An Unexpected Revelation
The New Academy - 15th September, 200 A.D
“Three… two… one. Sequence emerge” said the AI, with its friendly, neutral voice. The final countdown was up. Val felt John twitch beside her. 
“The enemy is coming from our left, guys, and fast. Mike you take the front. Amy, Seb you go next. Hack those holograms away as fast as you can. Val is staying with me, until she is needed. Understood?” 
“Yes, sir,” the three of them answered in complete unison, with just a tiny pinch of sarcasm. 
Val saw them moving to their planned positions with the corner of her eye, seconds before the giant mass made its move. It did come from their left, as John had predicted and with a fury which left Val speechless. Sometimes the training holograms were just so damn realistic. 
The colossus that stood in front of them was around three meters tall, made out of pure metal, a shiny silver giant with no visible soft spots whatsoever. It came with incredible speed, his face a merciless mask.
 Mike was the first one to be hit. The titan connected its fists and knocked Mike to his feet, sending him into a high air-dive, sending him out of the fighting area. 
The giant howled with satisfaction and made his way to Amy and Seb, stopping right at his tracks, when Mike, the same Mike which was seemingly knocked out just seconds ago, appeared unexpectedly beneath its feet. 
“You illusions are getting better, John. Incredible.”
John smiled with Val’s awe, proud of himself.
Mike’s body was now in his ultimate Power form, covered in unbreakable black rock and metal. He grasped the silver giant’s feet, and hold him off with all his strength, pinning it to the ground. The creature tried to raise his feet, but found it impossible to move.
 A howl of despair escaped its throat and Val smiled. Their battling strategy was working wonders. Amy’s and Seb’s turn came next. They were already attacking the monster, with their Speeding Powers. 
Amy flew towards the creature’s sides, hitting its weak points between the arms and thighs, only to disappear again. Seb run in an endless circle around the creature’s lower area, kicking its feet, weakening it. 
John guided them, telling them where to hit next and what they had to avoid.  
“Are you two ever going to finish?” Mike screamed to Amy and Seb, enraged and impatient. “I thought this was to be done in a few hits.”
 “Damn thing has the resistance of a rock. Just a few moments more and then it will fall, Mike. Just hold on.” Seb said, gasping. 
“Just stand still and do your damn job, grumpy. We are all trying here.”
Amy kicked the Colossus again and again, until at last, it fell to the ground with a confused and weak growl. Val thought its ending was at least anticlimactic, considering its strength and size. And she didn’t even get the chance to participate in the fight. So disappointing.
Amy, Sebastian and Mike were standing with their hands on their knees, totally out of breath. 
“Now, where are the winning trumpets? We won, didn’t we?” Mike wowed loudly. 
“And in what has to be a record time”, Seb said and raised his hands, hugging Amy, who remained inside his arms, excited.
 Val looked at John, but he was silent, a sceptical look on his face.
The giant started twitching again.
“Look out!” John screamed suddenly, at the top of his lungs.
Red deadly beams were coming out of the monster’s eyes, as it tried to stand up once again.  
Val was ready, following the giant closely with her eyes since he had fallen suspiciously early. They want to test me, too. Obviously.
 She stood up and run towards the creature, stopping the incoming beams coming out of its eyes, by changing their course, seconds before they hit Mike’s head. 
“What the fuck?” he exclaimed holding his red ear tip, as the monster changed in front of their eyes. 
The giant divided itself into five different smaller creatures, retaining its shape and material. The five silver robots made their way to the five contestants, their now red eyes throwing powerful energy beams. 
“Fall back now” shouted John, angry at his own lack of insight. 
The team hid inside their check-point. 
“We don’t have much time. I am a fucking idiot for thinking we took it down so easily, damn it.” 
“Don’t blame yourself John”, said Amy softly. “We were all celebrating seconds ago.”
 Her flow of speech was interrupted by a rock nearby, turning into smithereens by the beams. 
“Fuck, should we take them head on? One on one?” 
Everyone nodded in agreement, but Val shook her head. 
“No. That is not a personal test. We’ve already did our jobs. They want to test our teamwork. We bring them down together. But we all have to attack, at least once. Listen.”
 The metal robots were approaching fast, destroying everything on sight. Amy and Sebastian run from the hideout, too fast for the enemies to see. They started hitting them, only this time they were not alone. Three clones of Amy and three of Seb, a total six of them appeared on the stage, hitting the robots mercilessly. 
The enemies tried hitting in the blind with their beams, howling from frustration. John was doing an amazingly good job with the decoys, but the process worn him out fast. 
Soon he won’t be able to fool them anymore. 
“Hurry up, Mike. John can’t hold it up much longer. He is not used to this.”
“Just a second, dammit”. 
Mike hit a big stalagmite with careful precise hits. When he was done, the rock was shaped into five sharp edges, like rocky knives. 
“Mike, fall back!”
 Val raised the sharp rock-points by her side, and walked towards the enraged robots. Seb and Amy were giving the last of their efforts, but they were also pretty drained. 
“Sebastian, run. Now.”
 Seb took Amy by the hand and they run to the far corner. They both ducked instantly, Seb on top of her, holding her down safe. 
“Mike, hold John.” 
Mike crawled to a heavily dizzy John, and drugged him to their check-point, extending his sturdy hands, covering his body from the explosions. 
Val positioned herself in the middle of the scene and raised her hand. Her delicate finger-movements commanded the sharpened rocks behind her back. The monsters realized what that meant, but by then it was too late.
 With a swift move the rock knives passed through the monsters’ heads, with such speed and force, there were nothing more than bodies with holes on top. Val continued piercing them, the sharpened shards flying in a beautiful circular motion around the creatures’ heads, limbs and torsos. They hit them hard, again and again, until there was nothing left from the fearsome silver robots. 
When they finally fell, screeching desperately, Val covered their bodies with sand and stones. 
Just in case you come up with any ideas of resurrecting and such. 
But this time it was really the end. The trumpets of triumph really did come and the landscape transformed underneath and all around them. 
The team cheered and clap, and Peter Smith’s face appeared on the screen above them. 
“Amazing approach, top of the top teamwork. You’ve made it through another Test. Congratulations, guys.”
His eyes moved to Val and John. 
“Sweet co-ordination, guys.” 
“It was all her, today, sir. Truly” 
John said by scratching the back of his head, slightly embarrassed. 
Val sighted. Things were back to normal after their awkward kiss, but sometimes, John’s sudden compliments were just a tiny bit than uncomfortable.
 “It was all of us, Peter. No one could have done it without the other.”
“That is totally true, Val. I am glad you realized the point of the exercise. Now hurry up. You still have to pick the location of your last test. The places available are still hanging on the Great-boards. Be sure to note your team number and write you names correctly.” 
“You sound like Priscilla, Pete. I think that’s really cute.” 
Amy laughed and Pete winked at her, before their connection was ended.
As they descended the stair to the Main Hall, they passed their arms around each other’s shoulders. 
“We did it. Do you realize what this means? We can go out in the wild now, fight the real bad guys, and help the people in need.”
 Mike was bursting with pride. He took Amy by the waist and swirled her around. 
“Even you are allowed to be happy today, my mean Ice Queen.” 
“You are out of your mind, grumpy,” she said with a spite but her face was actually a happy one. 
“We still have to pass the Outer Exam though. The one in the actual field. I wonder what they have in store for us.” 
“You know you can relax once in a while, John. Have happy thoughts” said Val, but she was also wondering the same thing. 
A month had already gone by since Val’s Power finally revealed itself. She was allowed to train with the Fayde Twins immediately after the revelation, in special training sessions unique for her Power. Or rather, getting her ass kicked from the siblings professional wrestling moves, at least in the beginning. Val had been slowly getting better in combat, and before she even knew it, the time for the Final examination had arrived. Their official Hero recognition. 
“Amazing performance, Val.” 
A teammate’s hand was at her shoulder, and his friends smiled at her.  
She had Seb to thank for the sudden show of affection from her teammates. Her fight with Alice Green was all over Heroic news, and, after a while, everyone knew about the Atrium’s incident. She had been raised in a short of a high heroic status, which she greatly enjoyed. 
Alice Green was completely out of her radar after the incident, exactly like she had promised. Val’s life was shared between her friends, her practice and her Power training.
 “As I’ve told you before, Amy, you have terribly misunderstood Vanessa. She is actually really caring and thoughtful.”
“I agree with Sebastian,” John said, unfaltering. 
“I think you are both a bunch of idiots. There is something evil and disgusting with that woman. She just has her way over men.” 
Mike and Val laughed, having heard the argument countless of times. 
“I see you are getting some love from our teammates, sweetheart. Still helping the unfortunate with their training?” 
Val had to chuckle at Mike’s words. 
“Doing the best I can for the common good, Mike.”
They reached the Great-Boards and took a look at the five locations, one for each responsible Instructor. The places were all abandoned, donated by the Council to the Academy for training purposes, but still possessed an earie aura. 
An outskirt west farm was Guido’s domain, whereas a beach cavern on the south was Beth’s. Priscilla had chosen a creepy looking forgotten school, and Peter a friendlier looking village establishment somewhere in the North Forest. The last one was Vanessa’s choice. The building was a ruined skyscraper, presumably an office of some sort, its right side covered entirely with an enormous letter R. 
“Vanessa sure knows how to pick them,” exclaimed Sebastian with awe.
 John turned his head suddenly to Amy’s direction, like he’d picked up a disturbing signal in the air. Val turned too, distracted. Amy had turned white as a sheet. She was trembling, and her eyes were wide with huge pupils, like she’d seen a ghost. 
“Amy? Is everything OK?” John whispered to her sweetly, like a doctor talking to his patient. Val touched her back, scared. 
Amy looked at them, snapping out of the shock within seconds. She smiled at him confidently and caught her waist with her palms. 
“Of course I am, silly. Can’t a girl get lost in a daydream once in a while? Do you always have to play the doctor, John?” 
“I am a doctor, Amy. And it seemed more like a day-nightmare, the way you were looking, dead-white. But if you say you are OK…that’s fine for me.”
Val’s own gut told her that something was terribly wrong with Amy. She was really perplexing sometimes, freezing for a few second, jerking her body irregularly… And that first test of fears everyone seemed to have forgotten about. 
 “The Rosenberg building. I want that one” said Amy, full with confidence.
 Val looked at her doubtfully.
 “How do you know that’s a Rosenberg building? And why there, of all places? Don’t you hate Rehberg?” 
Amy took a step back. 
“Well, see the big R over there? That’s the Rosenberg crest. I heard they gave up their old offices for brand new, central ones. It’s all over the magazines. Common knowledge.”
 She took a deep breath, under the watchful eyes of the others. 
“Besides, I want to show that bitch Rehberg what we really worth. She has to witness it with her own eyes.” 
“She already knows what we really worth, Amy. And it’s really harsh to call her a bitch, when you don’t even know her.”
“It doesn’t matter what you think. I still don’t like her. And I just, I want to do my final exam in the most difficult of all the possible environments. It’s just the right thing to do. Don’t you agree, Val?” 
Val shook her head. 
“That’s for the leader to decide.”
John looked at their possibilities. 
“I can’t see why not to be honest. It’s certainly challenging, and Vanessa is a strict Instructor. So if we pull it through, we’ll be victorious.” 
He winked at them. 
“Perfect. Then it’s settled. The Rosenberg Financial it is.” 
***
“Val, wake up, please…” 
A gentle nudge and a whisper. Val opened her eyes alarmed, and came face to face with Amy’s eyes, who were wide and full of tears. 
“Amy?” 
Val started but was interrupted by her friend. 
“The roof.” 
She gently hugged Val and the both of were transported within seconds.
The sudden wind gust blew Val’s hair, as they reached their destination.
 The Academy’s roof was only being used for training sessions, so being there outside practicing hours was strictly forbidden. Of course, that didn’t stop Sebastian from discovering certain tight angles, invisible by the cameras. It was that particular spot on the ledge, where the both of them sat. 
Val felt the cool air on her arms and legs. It was a nice, enjoyable feeling. If only her friend sitting next to her, didn’t cry her heart out. Val hugged Amy tight, and place her head against hers. 
“What’s wrong, honey?” 
“Remember, after the incident with Alice Green… You said something. You said “There is no real friendship with secrets and lies””. 
“Amy, has that something to do with today’s test? And the building. You’ve been pretty upset since that whole ordeal… Not quite yourself.”
Amy nodded and the wails shook her.
“Val, I will tell you everything. You are the first person to ever find out. But please promise me you won’t hate me.”
Val chuckled uncomfortably.  
“Amy, what the hell? Why should I hate you? Did you kill someone?”
She tried to joke around the matter, feeling extremely uncomfortable. But Amy looked at her with wide eyes. 
 “I did.”
“Amy, what?” 
“I killed myself.” 
***
 “Amy Wyatt is not my real name.”
 Amy begun her story with that sentence. 
“My real name is Amelia Rosenberg”
“Rosenberg? As THE Amelia Rosenberg, who was found dead three years ago, under a bridge?”
Val still remembered the story that had shook Canton to the core. Even in the Asylum she had seen the photos of the tabloids. She remembered the family crying in the pictures, heartbroken. Especially the High Counsellor. 
“That one. I was born Amelia Rosenberg, in the household of the most powerful Rosenberg to that day, Howard. I was an unwanted child, since my father already had a son and heir for his business. My brother and my father were too sadistic men, looking down on women. They used to chase me down every chance they could, and hit me. As hard as they could.” 
“What about your mom?”
“My mom was too occupied with her depression to even care. I don’t blame her, though. She was given to my father against her will, when she was only sixteen. Her son grew up to be a bastard, and her daughter was a wild, stubborn child… The only person who ever cared about me, was uncle Tom.” 
“The…”
“Yeah, him. I think I was around nine or ten when my brother’s beating send me to the hospital. It was then when Tom took me to live with him. I think those were the happiest days of my life. He is really cut out to be a father, you know. My happiness was sort-lived. My father claimed me back, two years later.”
“Didn’t your uncle say anything? How did he let that happen? He is the High Counsellor.”
“His hands were also tied, Val. I am pretty sure my father was threatening him, too. They never liked each other very much. At least, the beatings stopped. I guess they were too afraid of being exposed after the hospital incident. I have to admit, my life was at least bearable. Until my 15th birthday.”
Val felt her skin crawling. “What happened then, Amy?”
Amy looked at her hands. 
“I over-heard my father selling me to one of his disgusting single friends. As his future wife. He was a middle-aged man, and he was supposed to have me at my 16th birthday.”
Val’s mouth fell open from the surprise and disgust. And rage, deep within her heart, burning bright like a flame.
“That’s freaking disgusting. I hope you smashed your father’s face, Amy.” 
She shallowed. 
“If only I could do that, Val. I stopped eating and drinking, falling ill in bed, instead. I didn’t want to see any of them, not even my Uncle. And that’s when my mom hired this doctor, Dr. Starr. He was a kind man, who took care of me, spoke to me. There was always something creepy in his touch and look, but I was too depressed to care. One rainy night, I poured my heart out to him, told him everything about the despicable arranged marriage. And then Dr. Starr hugged me, and told me there is a way to escape my house, and my life as a Rosenberg, forever. The good doctor would help me. He had connections everywhere. He only wanted a little thing in return.”
The little thing that every lonely man eventually asks for…  
Val felt her own eyes full with tears, understanding perfectly what came next. 
 “Amy, you don’t have too…”
Amy stopped her with a gesture. 
“I gave the doctor the little thing he asked for. More than a few times. Sometimes some of his friends would come along, for “cross-examination”, you understand. It was not against my will, Val. More than anything, it was my will. My will to get out of this place. And Dr. Starr kept his promise. He took advantage of me, but in the end I escaped my old life, forever.”
“What about the girl found on the river?” Val asked, desperate for a change of subject.
“A body double, so deformed no-one could really recognised her. As for me, I dyed my hair, lasered my eyes, slightly changed my features and obtained a bunch of new papers. I was sent to live with a surrogate family. Happy people, kind. They helped me in the start of my career. I owned them a lot, and plan to see them again, when I get out of here. The only thing that remained from my old life, were the hands. You know those freezing moments I have, Val? It’s like hands are tearing my skin apart, hurting my flesh. It’s terrible, but I’ve learned to control it in here, at least to an extent. No-one was allowed to touch me before, my reactions were extreme. But now with you… it just feels different.” 
Amy wiped her eyes with back of her palm.
“No you know, Val. I don’t have to hide anymore. Not from you at least.”
“You don’t have to hide from no-one, Amy. We are all lost souls, and have to stand by each other. It’s the only way to fight the demons that plague us. I do have a question though. Why the Rosenberg Financials? Don’t you want to forget about your family?”  
Amy chuckled. 
“There is a hidden room in that skyscraper, like a treasure of sorts. I remember seeing it by accident, when I was really young. It’s where my father kept track of every Rosenberg family member, even minor relatives. I’ve been thinking of those files, ever since my name started standing out. My family hates music altogether, and they would never give a second look to a young singer, especially one that bears no resemblance to their dead daughter. But what if, you know… I just have to look on this files with my own eyes. Just to make sure.”
“Are you sure that is the right thing to do Amy? I mean what about your freeze moments, those hands you are talking about? Aren’t they going to get worse once you get into the building? I don’t want you suddenly collapsing in a dirty, dark corridor. The Instructors are going to monitor us”
“I’ll make it, Val. I have too. It’s good that you know now, in a way. The hands appear when I am alone. Now I am not anymore.”
“Glad I could help a friend. And speaking of friends…” 
 “I’ll tell them Val. In time, I will. I know those idiots really do care. But I have to make sure no one knows or suspects about.”
“What has that got to do with anything?”
Amy looked at her like she was a five-year old toddler. 
“I don’t think you truly understand. My father is a powerful and hideous man. He has the power to threaten the High Counsellor and they have the same blood. I had to construct a whole plan, even change myself, to escape his claws. You are exposed right now, do you know that? I can’t bring that fate to Mike’s family. And John. And poor Sebastian… That fool likes me, you know.” 
“I think everyone with common sense knows that, Amy.” 
Amy smiled, turning slightly red. Val squeezed her a little tighter. 
“But I do understand. And I will help, I swear. But if everything is alright, you come clean, Amy. Promise?”
Amy nodded decisively. 
 “Promise.”
***
10. Ambush
Rosenberg Financials - 17th September, 200 A.D
The big black van bumped dangerously on its way to the Rosenberg Financials. The beautiful scenery, the lush trees and bushes, combined with the wildness of the desert, took Val’s breath away. Of course, even the view wasn’t enough to take her mind off her stress. 
She turned her head and looked sideways at Amy, who sat on her left side and chattered away happily with Sebastian on the back. If she was nervous, there was not one sign of it on her face.
 “So what do you think it’s going to be like? Excitement is killing me. I hope we get to beat up a lot of holograms. Let out some steam you know.” 
“You’ve beating up holograms the whole month, dude. Just relax a little bit.”
John made a sarcastic face in Mike’s direction. 
“It is kind of infuriating though, the way we have no idea what’s going to be like. I can’t even get the first group to answer their PAs. Any luck on yours Val?”
“Not really, no. Mandy, Nelson and a bunch of others are completely disconnected. I do think it’s the right thing for the Instructors to do, though. We were just too many to be tested on one single day.”
“And you have to admit it’s the only fair way. I know a bunch of people who picked the second day of the Exams, just so they could cheat from the first day teams. That way we’re not allowed to know what’s in store for us. They have really thought about it through and through.”
 John showed a rare admiration in his voice.  
“Vanessa is a genius, man.”
 Amy sulked and turned her back on Seb for the rest of the trip. 
Amy’s distaste for Vanessa made a whole more lot of sense now that Val knew that she was a Rosenberg. Tom’s and Vanessa’s relationship was no secret. Being together the same time period Amy had to fake her own death, did not made the situation easier. Still… it wasn’t Vanessa’s fault that Howard Rosenberg was a cold-hearted bastard.
  The van broke down its speed, and the enormous skyscraper came into view. Wavy half-black, half-silver glass, and a gigantic metal R on the side, a sign of high architecture. 
“We’re sure no cheap people when it comes to power show-off” Amy whispered in Val’s ear. 
Indeed you are not.
 “John?”
 He closed his eyes and focused his inner sight on the building in front of them. He opened them again.
 “I sense the little hologram points on the higher part of the building, extending in three or maybe four floors. No traps as long as I can sense. Pretty straight forward” 
“Alright.” said Mike. “Then in we go.”
 They took up their standard formation, entered the building and were greeted with darkness and silence. Their PAs took off at the same time, making them jump. Sebastian opened his message first. It was Vanessa Rehberg, smiling through the screen at them, real-time. 
“Hey, guys. Glad you picked up Rosenberg Financials, since I will be the one to monitor your progress. The exam will take place between the 16th and 19th floor, as John has already guessed, probably.” 
John nodded, amused. 
“All the other floors are off limits, and you are strongly advised not to venture into them. The floors mentioned have a pretty straight forward path for you to follow. The holograms will, in rare cases, try to divert you from your path. Do not pick up a fight in non-designated areas, just let them be. Your suits have a certain red-glowing spot. Can you see it?”
 The red spot was just a tiny spotlight above their hearts. 
“Protect that spot at all costs. If you fail and you are hit, you are out of the Exam. Understood?” 
They all nodded. 
“Great. I am counting on you. You are one of the best teams out there, and one of my personal favourites. Just between us, ok?” 
The boys blushed at her words. Amy rolled her eyes. 
“Can we start already mrs Rehberg?”
“Of course, Mrs Wyatt. Follow the path to the elevators and hit the 16th button. Good luck.” 
The transmission disappeared. Val straightened up her back and looked at them, her eyes burning. 
“Let’s do this, people.” 
The Exam was really pretty straight forward, as John had predicted. The holograms were not nearly as difficult and tricky, as they were back at the Academy.
 “I think it’s because they can’t control them so good in a real scale environment. They are so many factors they can’t control, so they must have picked up the most basic enemies to do the job”, remarked John, once they’ve all crawled into their neutral zone safe-spot on the 18th floor, with Val asking the question.
“I think they just want to test us in the field”, added Sebastian. “They want to see the way we co-operate rather than test our strength.” 
Mike sighted. 
“I have hoped it would have been a little more difficult, you know. Anyway, I think you are right about the strength. I mean the people who got lost on the mountains were elites, right? And they still got beaten to a pulp. At times like this, they don’t have the luxury to disqualify any of us. Even people like Emma or Nelson are stronger than a normal average person. They need us.” 
“No matter what we think, we have to be cautious. We still have one floor to go. Maybe the big catch is there.”
They all fixed their clothes, and got ready to go. Val and Amy lingered momentary behind. 
“Listen, Val, the files are upstairs. Of course, they are in an off-limit area. But we can divert the guys for a little while and go take a look. Without enemies it will only take a few minutes. I know exactly where to look. Are you with me?” 
You’ll do it whatever you want no matter what I say Amy, won’t you? So it’s not really a question.
“Yes, we’ll do this together. No way you are venturing on your own out there, Amy. It may be harmless, but it still is a completely abandoned building. I don’t want any roof parts falling on your head.” 
Amy smiled at her. 
“Thanks.” 
Their venture on the 19th floor was a little bit difficult, but nothing out of the ordinary. The team cleared the level out of the holograms, until they were completely ready. 
“I kinda think we passed the test, guys” Sebastian said.
 “Congratulations to us then.” Amy said, not really excited. 
“But I think it’s best for us if we check the floors once again. You know, just to make sure we didn’t miss anything. I don’t want Rehberg on my neck, charging me with overconfidence, laughing at my back. I have a suggestion. Why don’t you guys check the first floors again, and me and Val stay on the last two.”
 John looked at her, a weird look on his face. 
“Split up, Amy? Are you sure?” 
“Well, of course I am, macho man. You think because we are girls we can’t handle enemies on our own? Is that what you say?” 
“Wow Amy, nobody said…” Sebastian started. 
Amy took a step forward and John took Seb by the arm, with Mike rolling his eyes.
“Whatever you want, Amy, ok? Just be careful.”
“We will John. We know exactly what we are doing. No reason for you to be concerned.” 
John nodded and run to catch the elevator. Val turned around to face Amy. “Let’s go.” 
Amy guided her friend through a dim-lit and narrow corridor to an old looking office. Papers were scattered all around and few windows were broken.
 “I would have never thought such important files are here, Amy.” 
“That’s the plan, Val. Zero suspicions. But trust me, those papers are there.
No one would ever risk moving so many files, not even my all-powerful father. I think their location is even more perfect now, with all the abandonment. And he would certainly not try to take the documents with him in his villa or the Tower, under Tom’s nose. Besides…” she made a little pause, while tinkering the lock in the little hidden safe. 
“A little less than a year ago, when my work started being recognised, I … I went to Canton Tower. I even managed to reach my uncle’s floor, until I had second thoughts and turned back again. I waited until the sunrise on a bench outside the Tower, telling myself I will find the courage to talk to him. He got out late at night, with Vanessa Rehberg at his side. They got in the car together.” 
“Amy, it’s kinda unfair to hate Vanessa because she dates your uncle. I just wanted to say my honest opinion in this.” 
“She doesn’t anymore. Besides, I know she is actually a good person, ok? It’s just… her being there that day, I always had this as an excuse for not talking to Uncle Tom in the end. And they looked so perfectly happy… I didn’t want to spoil their moment. Then I saw a guy taking a picture of them. I realized immediately that he worked for my father. I took a risky chance and followed him. He went inside that building, and it was already abandoned by that time. That’s how I am sure the files are there.” 
With a small click, the safe opened up. It wasn’t a small compact door as it seemed to be, but a normal human-sized door that led to a chamber full of papers. Val was speechless. Amy lowered her head. 
“Val do you mind, if I go alone? It will only take a few seconds.” 
“Be my guest.” 
Val waited outside, for what it seemed like hours. When Amy finally emerged from the door, a sense of relief was all over her face. 
“Well?”
“Status: Deceased.”
 Val hugged her tight. Amy was crying.
 “It’s alright now. You are completely and utterly free. Tonight we will celebrate our victory and you’ll tell the others. Ok?”
 Amy wiped her tears in the back of her hand. 
“Let’s just get out of here.”
***
The girls were smiling happily, as they made their way back to the elevators, wondering what they would tell to the boys. 
“The guys will probably be looking for us,” Amy said. “I think it’s better if we call them…” 
She stopped her sentence midway and she screamed as the PA in her hand gave her an electroshock, and got sent miles away from her hand. 
Val instinctively took out her own PA and threw it away, before it exploded in her pocket. The lights in the corridor began to flicker, in a very unnatural way. She realized what was happening and felt a sense of pure terror numbing her senses.
 Why have I been so stupid? 
She knew who was coming, even before the elevator doors opened. 
“Amy, look out” Val screamed, but it was too late.
 Alice was already in the corridor’s entrance, an electrical current in her hand, which she directed at Amy’s head. Amy was faster than Alice though, teleporting and landing a few centimetres away from the currents’ direction.
 “Don’t fight her, Amy, run and warn the others!” 
Val was screaming at the top of her lungs, but Amy was already on her way, teleporting exactly in front of Alice, ready to punch her in the face. Alice gave her a smug smile, and hit the lamp directly above Amy’s head, causing it to fall down.
 Amy had just enough time to let out a shriek and teleport to her right, the heavy ceiling-lamp falling on the left side of her head, causing her to collapse on the hard marble floor. 
Alice laughed hysterically and raised her hand again, her intention to kill the fallen Amy, but let out a scream, as her body was being pushed back by Val. Her act gave her a few precious seconds to pull her barely-breathing friend’s body next to her, with the help of her Power. 
Val banged frantically on the closed doors of the dark corridor, her palms wide open, pulling any old piece of equipment and furniture she could find, in order to create a barricade between Alice, her and Amy. She took her friend by the shoulders and shook her up, as Alice started to regain her consciousness. 
“Wake up, Amy, for God’s sake. We have to get out of here.”
 Amy was mumbling, refusing to open her eyes.
“You are not going to get away this time, Val. Your friend out of the game. Maybe for good. That will teach her that Alice Green never forgets. I doubt she will have the strength to touch me again.” 
Alice was once again on her feet and surprisingly calm, walking towards Val, hitting her self-made fortress with electricity. 
Val knew what she had to do. One strong hit, and Alice would be a goner. Forever.
 And I, a killer. I would be send in the Underground for life. But it is my fault on the first place that Amy was hit.
Amy was fading fast in her arms, and Alice was hitting her with merciless currents, one after the other. Currents destined to kill. Val tried countering them, creating little invisible shields with her palms, but she was already cornered.
 I have to hit her. It’s me or her. 
Val jumped out of her hiding place, her hands already extended, in order to deal with Alice. But it was already too late. She had lost too much time on thinking. 
Alice send a quick and powerful electric wave towards the roof, causing the heavy material to collapse on their heads. Val couldn’t let Amy alone here to die. She put her right hand above her head, creating a bigger protective shield this time, big enough for Amy and her to fit underneath. But the debris kept coming and coming, as Alice kept hitting. 
“You thought I would forget you, Valentine? You were right that very first night at the school. You should have died long ago, rot in that damn Asylum. You were already living in borrowed time. You should actually be happy. But it ends now. I’ve had enough.”
 The last thing Val saw was an incredible brightness. Alice was charging, her whole body engulfed in a terrifying ball of lighting. She hit the ceiling with all her strength. The whole roof collapsed on their heads.
 And that’s how you die. By being an idiot.
***
Val thought death wasn’t actually that unpleasant. She felt elevated, somehow. And then she heard the sarcastic, familiar voice behind her. 
“That’s because you are not dead, idiot.” 
Val turned her head and faced the girl.
“For the love of the Deities, not you again. Haven’t you heard the till death do us part thing? Wasn’t slapping me enough? Seriously, leave me alone. I am already being punished for my stupidity.”
“You should be actually, since you are being a complete imbecile right now. Open up your eyes, Valentine.” 
They were sitting in the bench again, facing the beautiful field. Val looked at the girl and saw that her face was now full with frustration and anger. 
“What’s wrong?”
“Are you going to give up that easily? After all the things Green did to you?” 
Val looked at her, flabbergasted. 
“She sent a pile of debris on my head. My best friend lies on the floor, almost dead. What am I supposed to do?” 
“But the roof still hasn’t touched you, Val. Look above.” 
Val looked up, annoyed and lowered her torso, exclaiming in surprise.
 “What the actual fuck?”
 The pile of debris was still hanging above her head, but it seemed so far away, like another dimension entirely. 
“You can push them away with a single move of your hand, Val. You still haven’t realised how strong you are. Do you feel it now at least?” 
She did. She felt her whole body pulsating, in a level far greater than the first time, three weeks ago. Like a fire was burning bright inside her. 
“I have to go now”, Val announced to the black-haired girl, and the girl looked pleased with her decision. 
“Good. And Valentine, listen very carefully.” 
The girl caught her arm really gently, but her hand had incredible strength. “She will come to you, as long as you are in that particular state of mind. She will tell you to kill Green. I know the temptation will be great, but, please, I beg you, don’t do it. Resist her. Or else you’ll be her plaything forever.” 
Val nodded, although she didn’t have the slightest idea who the little girl meant. 
“I won’t kill anyone, I promise. Just hurt her really, really bad.” 
***
Val opened her eyes, for real this time. She was slightly elevated from the ground, drugging Amy’s body along with her, who had managed to slightly raise her head and was now looking at her, mumbling confused. She let Amy fall to the ground gently, as she continued her elevation, until her head touched the ceiling. 
The pile of flying debris begun to circle around Val’s body, spinning faster and faster, like a vicious magnetic ring. She looked straight ahead, at her greatest and most fearsome enemy, who was now looking at her with eyes and mouth wide open. Val just had enough time to look her mirror image in the elevator doors, before her Power made her lose all control. It was ridiculous, but she had this crazy idea that she was blue. 
Val charged against Alice, as the latter frantically tried to escape, banging desperately the elevator walls. Val smiled. The first oversized cement pile left her Power circle, missing Alice’s head by centimetres. More followed, covered in a blue flowing energy, flying indiscriminately, hurting Alice’s back, arms and legs, breaking her bones in a few places. 
Her nemesis was crawling to the ground now, crying and begging for mercy, as Val continued her attack with a serious of inanimate objects, creating holes in her surrounding environment, with a strength she could not entirely control. A Power not entirely hers. 
Get out of my head, whoever you are. 
“Valentine.” 
A voice she didn’t recognise was talking inside her head, trying to be in charge.
 Who the fuck are you? 
“Don’t you want to kill her? Look at her. Pathetic. And she will try again Valentine, of course she will. You know it. You want this.”
 Like hell she did. Her mind was already making the surrounding debris fly closer and closer in Alice’s head, as she lay down crying, having abandoned all hope. But she would do it on her terms, not because some strange, malicious voice told her too. 
“GET OUT!” 
Val screamed and the voice hissed in anger and slowly, unwillingly, disappeared from her brain. But so did the incredible amount of Power. 
Val fell on her knees again, Amy’s body squirming against her own. And at that second, the elevator doors opened and Mike, Sebastian and John stumbled upon the almost unconscious Alice. 
John carried Alice’s wounded body on his back, as Mike and Sebastian walked up front, carrying Amy on their arms. 
“I can walk, it’s alright, Mike” Val said and she meant it. 
Her legs were shaking but she made it to the elevator, where they all descended to the main hall. 
They made their way to the light of day, as a couple of ambulances, as well as all of the Instructors, were waiting for them outside. Vanessa was standing right at the door, looking at her with sadness and disappointment. And then Val knew, deep in her heart, that her new life was over.
***
Val was sitting once again in the Instructor’s office, in less than a month. Vanessa entered her office through her back door, plainly, unprofessionally dressed and obviously really tired. Many hours had passed since the Exam, in which Alice and Amy had been transported to the hospital, all of their friends had given their statements and Aldus Green had burst in the Academy demanding justice. 
Val had to stay for hours hidden in the Instructor’s chamber, in order to be spared from Aldus’ rage.
 Or so he could be spared from my own.
 She felt no rage though, as Vanessa sat opposite her and looked her deep in the eyes. Just stupidity. And guilt. Guilt about Amy who laid in a hospital bed in a comatose situation. Guilty about the guys who had to spend hours being interrogated. Guilty about all the people who were now in danger because of her stupid childhood vendetta. She looked back at Vanessa, without speaking.
“Anything more to add, Valentine?”
 No. She didn’t have anything more to add. 
 “So, you confirm what the boys said? You wanted to check the floors once more, accidentally got lost, and then got ambushed?” 
Val nodded her head in agreement. “I didn’t want any more trouble with Alice, Mrs Rehberg. I swear to the Deities, God and everything holy in Canton. But she came up to us. She had been keeping tags on us all along, probably from that very night of the Atrium incident.” 
Vanessa looked at her, being at the verge of tears. 
“I believe you, Valentine. I really do. But Aldus Green is a very powerful man. He is breathing down our necks, ignoring the facts, showing us messages on Alice’s PA that say that you invited her there for the final show-off.” 
“That’s a lie and you know it.”
“I do. I believe you, Val, but you have to understand. Two people are in hospital and the only person who is alive and well is you. Do you understand how that makes you look?” 
“Isn’t there any footage from the Exam?” 
“No. The cameras were cut off the moment you got lost on the wrong corridor. No mistakes there.” 
“And that proves it. That proves Alice cut out the signal. She is the one with the electrical manipulation.” 
“And you are a telekinetic. Alice’s friends, they are willing to testify that things with you and Amy Wyatt were rough the last few days. That they saw you fight over the Exam. Don’t you see what they are trying to do?” 
Val opened her eyes wide. 
Of course I know what they want to do. 
“They are going to use your past against you, Val. They are trying to build a case where you lured two poor girls in an empty building and tried to give them a lesson.” 
Val looked at her hands ashamed. Will I ever be free of my past?
“Do you believe them?” 
“No, I don’t. But it doesn’t even matter what I do or don’t believe. Aldus has gone to Tom… The High Counsellor, Val. He demands a trial in two days, when his daughter will be out from the hospital. At least that’s what he says. What he really wants is your head on a stake.” 
“I am not afraid. I can face him.” 
She knew that her Power was much more than telekinesis.
“Val, that’s exactly what he wants. He wants you to show your Power, to lose control once again. So he can put you to the Underground once and for all, or even worse have an excuse to kill you. I won’t allow that.” 
Vanessa stood up, fearless.
 “I have a plan, but you are not going to like it. It’s essential for your survival. You are going to sleep for a while, and a good friend is going to take care of you. A special friend. And that will give us time, time until Amy wakes up and testifies what really happened in that building.”
Val mustered all the courage she could find in her broken heart.
“Anything it takes, I’ll do it.”
***
11. A Most Fateful Meeting
Harmony Village – 18:00, 17th September, 200 A.D
Chop, chop, chop… The clanking sound of cutting wood. Henry White was getting better at it. His long-gone strength was slowly returning to his body. He actually loved the feeling, considering he thought himself to be long gone just forty days ago. 
His father always told him that he could measure his real strength and discipline by household activities, like tending the garden or cutting wood for the fire. Henry always thought that it was his father’s excuse to make him do the chores. But now, as he chopped the old wrinkled tree down to pieces, he really did feel strong and disciplined.
 A strange melancholy came with the memory of his father. Not so much of the fact of his death, just of how huge of an asshole Henry had been at the time. I never even went to his grave after the funeral. I must do it one of these days. It’s time I got my life in line again. One step at a time. 
After his old friends’ visit, Vanessa’s attack and Guido’s final words, Henry did something he hadn’t done in a long time. He thought long and hard about his situation. He had no use to anyone dead, or half-dead from drugs. But the Academy was open again, and he had been a good fighter and occasionally, teacher, at his time. So maybe, just maybe, he was of some use to people alive. 
He slept on those thoughts, and as sweet release came along with sleep, Henry had another dark, almost forbidden thought.
 Maybe someone is strong enough to beat Aurelia at last. 
It wasn’t an easy road, fighting off the addiction in his system. There were restless days with endless vomiting, sweating, cursing Gods and men alike, and nights with nightmares so intense, that he would wake up with his pillow all wet from tears, screaming like a wounded animal. 
And then a day came, when Henry didn’t wake up screaming. He was so exhausted, and for the first time after a very long while, he’d slept soundly and he had appetite, real appetite for breakfast. With every bite and every sip of water, he felt better, more conscious, alive like a real person again, leaving behind his former shadow of a self. 
After a couple days of eating, drinking and enjoying his dreamless, clean sleep, Henry thought it was time to do what he feared most of all. 
Pick up his staff once again. Train to be a warrior once more. Slowly but steadily he found his lost fighting moves, and felt at last, complete. He trained every day, waking up his muscles, freeing them from the poisonous effect of the drugs and alcohol. He’d gained a lot of healthy weight and almost all of his lost physical strength. 
Henry still had a few things to take care of. His father’s grave was one thing. His wife’s another, but the mere thought of her hurt him deeply, even now with a clear consciousness. Fixing his relationship with Vanessa was also a great priority. 
One thing at a time, he thought, and continued with his sacred chores.
He was lying on his couch, listening to the rain, watching a silly TV-show and eating his unhealthy chips snacks (he worked really hard that day, he deserved it, he said to himself again and again, mildly guilty), when he heard a rapid banging on the door and unconsciously, went to open it. 
The sight of Vanessa wet to the bone and totally restless, standing in his doorstep, did surprise him. 
“Henry, can I come in? It’s an emergency”. 
He ushered her inside, and then returned in a hurry with a warm towel. He put the towel around her shoulders in an awkward hugging gesture, but Vanessa didn’t seem to mind. Instead she looked up at him, a quizzical look on her face.
 “You’ve changed Henry. Or rather, you are YOU again. Is it for real this time? Are you back from the dead?”
 Henry smiled in the midst of all this mess. His best friend looked at him like she saw a ghost. He hugged her, truly this time. Vanessa returned the hug, clearly calmer now. 
“Just tell me what happened to you. Did some son of a bitch hurt you?” You’ve been hurting her for a whole year, you hypocrite.
“No one can hurt me, Henry. You know that,” said Vanessa sarcastically, regaining a little bit of her composure. 
“But we really have a problem. And I am going to need your help, even for a night. I am glad you seem to be back at last. Follow me” 
Henry did as asked. Outside, the quiet rain had turned into a raging storm. One of these nights again, he thought. A bad sign. 
Henry turned his eyes and saw the car Vanessa had ridden all the way out here. It was not her usual city ride, but an enormous, total black car, wide in the back, like a van. Vanessa had carried something in the middle of the night… Something with the shape of man.
 His face turned instantly into a mask of anger and disbelief.   
 “You brought the Coffin here? Are you out of your mind, Vanessa? Why do you even need something as powerful as that?”
“Help me get this thing to safety and I will explain everything.” 
They transferred the strange box inside, trying to be as careful as possible. Thankfully it had a levitation mechanism that still worked. Henry knew the damn thing from top to bottom. It was his creation, based on his grandfather’s original plans. The negating Container (or how everyone blatantly called it, the Coffin) was made to do exactly what its name promised. Contain a dangerous or potential threatening individual, stripping him completely of his Power.
 Henry had built another one under the Council’s pressure, after his grandpa’s original was used to trap Magenta. He never thought he would see it in use, not as long as he lived. Turns out he was wrong. Because the Coffin was now inside his living room and by the way its external surface glowed and hummed, someone was already inside. A feeling of worry was building up inside Henry’s chest. 
“Vanessa. Please explain this.”
 Vanessa took a long deep breath and did. When she was done, she looked at him, tears in her eyes. 
“The target of Alice Green is in the coffin, stripped of all of her powers. Although she is not to blame. Aldus Green wants her dead. We had to erase her trace for a while, until we see what we can do. I feel really bad for doing this Henry, for you and the girl too. But there is no other way.”
 Henry looked at the device. He didn’t even know the person inside, nor would he ever meet her, but he already felt sorry for her. 
“She had a bone to pick with the Greens? I don’t know if I feel admiration or sorrow for the poor bastard.”
“A little bit of both I guess. At least that’s how I feel. But it’ doesn’t matter now, Henry. The important part is that you are alive and well. And that she can stay here for the night.” 
“What about Aldus?”
“Nobody except us Instructors knows that I am here, Henry. And I had to tell Tom, even though I didn’t really want it. To all other Counsellors, you are as good as dead. I am sorry” she added quickly, when he saw the hurt look on his face. He shook his head and dismissed the thought. 
“It’s alright. They wouldn’t be far from the truth, anyway.” 
Vanessa made a small uneasy step to his direction. She wanted to hug him, it was clear in her eyes. But her pride won at the end.
“I will be in touch with you, Henry, Ok? Tomorrow you can sleep soundly again.” 
She turned around and started walking towards the door. 
“Vanessa…, don’t overdo it ok? You are only one person. You can’t right all the wrongs of Canton by yourself.” 
“But I will try as hard as I can. Thanks for the concern Henry.”
 She opened the door and walked, almost run, to her car. So much to do, so little time. 
The engine started and as the sound became distant, Henry thought if all this was just a bad dream. But that was just wishful thinking. His eyes turned on the Coffin, still standing in the middle of his living room, all white and gleam, tightly shut. 
“It’s just you and me then, honey” he said and walked carefully towards it. 
*** 
Almost an hour later, Henry was once again sitting on his couch, the Coffin in the safety of his reinforced basement. The TV was still playing, but he couldn’t listen to it anymore. His mind was so heavily occupied, he didn’t even think of asking before opening.
The sudden punch in his guts sent him flying across the living room. As Henry cursed himself for being such a huge idiot, trying to get back on his feet again, a hand violently grabbed his hair, lifting his head and forced him to look at the intruders. 
They were the Ribbons, the most notorious gang of drug-dealers. Ted, the local leader of the South-Eastern section, and his henchmen. Perfect timing. 
 “Well, Ted, to what do I own the pleasure of your visit at such a late hour?”
“Oh, nothing personal, Henry. You just have something that belongs to us.” Ted, an extremely tall and muscled man, with an ominously calm expression, hidden under fiery red facial hair, smiled at him with fake kindness.
“Look, Ted, if you are talking about the dust and the skipped appointments, I am sorry, but I won’t be using anymore. I had some second thoughts. An epiphany, if you think. Turns out, I love my life more than I thought I did.”
 Henry smiled awkwardly and Teddy laughed, a harsh sound. His henchmen joined him, enjoying the whole show. 
“You think this is about the mere grams of dust and your pitiful sorry money we are interested in, eh? You are more laughable than I thought, Henry.” 
Teddy came directly in front of him, his stinking breath on top of his head.
“We are talking about big money here, son. Noble money. Powerful money, from someone who wants desperately for justice to be served.” 
The realization struck Henry like a thunderbolt.
 The girl.
 They wanted his prisoner. Green had seen this coming. They had probably tailed Vanessa. And now Henry was pinned to the floor, unable to protect himself and his precious cargo. 
“So, I will say it again, Henry. You have something that belongs to me. Where is that little whore?” 
“The hell if I tell a bunch of Ribbons where a little girl is. You can go and kindly fuck yourself, Ted.” 
A base of a knife hit his head, and his eyes watered from pain. Everything was swimming in front of him, his vision blurry. He clang desperately to his consciousness, remaining silent. 
“Search the house.”
Ted’s three men headed to different directions, tearing the place apart. 
“You see, I don’t get it Henry. The whole drug business. I always thought it was natural, a poor alone motherfucker, away from the world. Just another unfortunate soul. Imagine my surprise, when I learned who you really are. Henry White, from the famous Negator line. A remain of the old days. And look at you, pitiful and sorry, not appreciating what life has given you. You might as well not be living at all.”
 He emphasized the last sentence, and Henry realized he wasn’t going to get easily out of this mess.  
Then a victorious scream came from the basement. 
“We found it boss. Just like they described it. It is amazing. And it follows me, too.” 
“You were really smart once, weren’t you, White? Before the dust destroyed your brain, that is. Too bad.”
 He got up from his chair, his eyes cold. 
“Let’s go, boys. The Negator is coming with us, too. Let’s see how much of your legend is true, Henry”.
***
 The Ribbons packed them both in the black trucks and took off. Henry was bound hands and feet. He was almost certain that he could free himself if he really tried, but what about the Coffin? He certainly didn’t want to leave the girl with Ted and his gang. It would be too much for his already mortally wounded consciousness. 
Instead of making a dramatic escape, Henry tried to find out more about their destination. 
“So, a nice touch working for Green eh, Ted? I bet he’ll be thrilled, now that you are going to take us to him.” 
Ted laughed, really amused. 
“Poor bastard, you think a powerful man like Aldus has an interest in seeing you or the vermin in the Coffin behind you? To speak to you? You are totally delusional. The caves are our destination. There you will be judged and executed. No one is ever going to find you there. Not even a small piece of your bones will be found after we are done with you.”
 He smiled a crazed smile. Henry tried to remain calm. 
I am going to free myself. Then I am going to struggle him and take control of the vehicle.
 He’d loosened his ties quite a bit actually, when the car abruptly changed direction. 
“What the fuck are you doing idiot? You are going the wrong way!” 
Ted screamed to his driver. 
“Boss, the wheel, it’s acting up on its own. I don’t control it.”
 The driver started panicking. 
“Look, the others too, they are going the wrong way.”
 The black truck in front of them signalled them, that something was amiss. Ted tried to remain calm. He addressed Henry in a threatening note. 
“If this is one of your tricks, White, too bad. It’s not going to stop me from killing you.” 
Henry remained silent, trying his best to look surprised. But he knew where they were going. 
The caves. Aurelia.
 For reasons unknown the Holy Deity was calling them.
*** 
The cars stopped abruptly in front of her cave. The large dark opening was less than inviting, scary even, but the Ribbons started walking towards it, mesmerized.
 The inside hadn’t changed at all those last few months. Aurelia was there, of course, a light blue aura, curled up like a little ball, standing mid-air against all laws of nature. 
The Ribbons exclaimed in awe. Ted started realizing what was going on. But instead of fear, his mouth shaped in a crazy grin. 
“The Deity has called us here. Say Henry, aren’t you like enemies or something? Even she wants you dead, it seems.” 
Ted turned around again, facing the blue ball. 
“Don’t worry holy lady, we will do as you wish.” 
The blue aura shook and waved, spreading a beautiful light to the cave’s inner walls. The rest of the Ribbons had fallen on their knees, praying on the miracle that stood right in front of them. 
They are losing it fast, under her influence. I have to do something. 
The ties were now hanging loose from Henry’s hands, but even if he freed himself, he couldn’t face five armed thugs, just with his bare hands. But his prisoner would. 
The girl, a little desperate voice whispered in his mind. She resisted Alice Green and survived. She is probably very fast, and powerful.
Henry took a sideway look to the Coffin, which was still standing at the far corner of the cave, behind the Ribbons.
The thugs began to rise on their feet, two of them coming towards him, ready to spread death under Aurelia’s guidance. 
I only have once chance. 
He let his ties fall, freeing his arms and grabbed a rock, which laid nearby. The two Ribbons were closing in, Ted standing right behind them.
 Please, God. 
He threw the rock, which flew straight ahead, passing between the two first heads, hitting Ted straight in the face. The thug fell into his knees, screaming from pain, the two Ribbons now turning around, going to his rescue.
  Henry run as fast as he could, elbowing the two thugs and kicking Teddy’s belly, as he kneeled screaming on the ground. They all made desperate attempts to grab his arms and legs, but they were in total confusion and Henry was way faster.
 The two remaining Ribbons, having just recovered from Aurelia’s hypnotism and hearing the noise of their fallen comrades, turned around and started giving chase.  But Henry was already way ahead of them, reaching the Coffin as they caught up with him. He punched one thug straight in the face, hurting his knuckle in the process. As the second thug pushed him to the ground and was ready to deliver the final blow, Henry extended his head, a crazy smile on his face. 
Too late, fucker.
 He touched the Coffin. The device recognised his fingerprints and opened wide. As the enemy’s fist connected with Henry’s exposed belly, his cargo was finally free. Save me.
***
The whole cave shook. Waves of blue aura light up the dark cave interior, and the ball of light started expanding, transforming into something completely different. Well-shaped, beautiful. It resumed the body and face of a woman, who smiled, utterly satisfied.
 Eva… 
The thugs had stopped dead on their tracks, forgetting Henry and falling to their knees once again, in a worshipping stance. But the Deity’s eyes were on Henry, and Henry alone. She grinned and raised her hand to her chest, in a thanking-gesture.
 No…
Aurelia raised her hand slowly, pulling the sleeping passenger towards her. Henry saw the girl flying out of his device, her face calm and happy.
That’s why Aurelia called us here, today. The girl is not only powerful. She is a medium. 
Henry got up to his feet, every cell in his body screaming from pain, running towards the flying victim, trying to catch her leg, in order to break the connection. He was about to grasp her ankle, when he tripped in a rock, falling face-flat on the ground. 
Aurelia was now laughing, the girl standing in front of her face. 
“Hallo, dear. I was waiting too long for you to arrive. I hope the waiting hadn’t been for nothing.” 
“Aurelia, no. Don’t kill her too. Please!” 
His screams were in vain. Aurelia caught the girl with her hand, pushing her inside her newly-formed body, absorbing her. The cave shook again, harder this time, sending a few rocky pieces of ceiling straight to the ground. The Ribbons tried to cover themselves, alarmed for the first time this evening, but Henry just stood there, his face blank. 
And then, the moment of intense connection was gone. The girl was gone too. A minute passed and then another. Nothing happened. Even the air came into a stalemate. Aurelia just stood there, in his wife’s body, sighing deeply, looking disappointed, hurt.
 “Another failure… Why… Why when I was so sure this…” she stopped her sentence midway, her hands suddenly moving on her neck.
 There was second of agony for the Deity, as the earthquake resumed once again and the blue flames surrounding her flew up high, exploding, glowing ever brighter in the total darkness… and the girl flew out of Aurelia’s body. 
 Her eyes were open but glassy blue, hypnotising, her face a mask of determination, her lips connected into a straight line. Her whole body was oozing Aurelia’s aura, the blue flames licking every part of her body, forming rings around her arms and legs. She flew above Aurelia’s face, above the Ribbons and Henry, and extended her right arm. 
All of the thugs were pushed simultaneously to the back of the cave, their backs glued to the hard rocks. They all screamed, as the girl closed her fist, pressing the back of their stomachs into the hard wall spikes.
 Aurelia was ecstatic, shaking from joy.
 “I did it. It worked. After all this endless waiting.” 
She turned slowly and faced Teddy and his crew. “You fools. Heathens. You think you are going to get away with trying to kill the chosen Medium? Her face will be the last thing you’ll ever see, as you slowly wither away in agony!”
 The girl, guided from the Deity’s wrath, lifted her right index finger, moving it in a circle motion. The faces of the thugs turned red, as the girl pushed their airways, denying them access to oxygen. 
With her left hand up high, she sent arrows of energy at the ceiling, causing rocks to fall in a steady, fast pace. When the big chunks fall, we are all dead. This can’t be happening. 
 Aurelia’s face was distorted with hate and pleasure, laughing hysterically. In the midst of this mess, she screamed to the flying girl. 
“Now! Kill them!”
 A moment of inactivity, and then… The girl stopped her actions abruptly, both her arms falling to her side, like a little robot suddenly being turned off.
 The Ribbons were pulled by the gravity, falling straight in the hard sand-floor, gasping for air. The girl turned slowly, her body humming in a low pulsating light, moving towards Aurelia. 
The Deity’s face changed within seconds. The pleasure was gone. And something else had taken its place, another feeling. It was really hard to believe, but Henry was sure. Aurelia was afraid. Dead scared, in fact. 
The girl stopped for a few seconds, examining the Deity, almost measuring her. Then in the blink of an eye, another final shake of the cave, and the medium exploded in a pool of light, causing everyone to avert their eyes from her glow. She moved, fast as lighting and caught Aurelia’s neck. 
With a swift move, the girl slapped the Deity’s cheeks. Once, twice, three times. And then for the first time in this crazy afternoon, the girl spoke, a furious yell. 
“YOU DON’T TELL ME WHAT TO DO, YOU BITCH. NOBODY ORDERS ME AROUND ANYMORE. NOBODY, NOT EVEN THE GODS. IT’S OVER. UNDERSTOOD?” 
The deafening shout of the medium made the Ribbons pee on themselves. Aurelia shook her head in acceptance, wailing weakly. The girl let go of her neck, and the Deity curled up in a little blue ball, shaking from shock, withdrawing deep in her ground-hole. 
The girl started descending, her feet finally touching the ground with a soft thumb. She looked at the gang, and they cowered up against the wall, in a desperate attempt to disappear inside it. 
“You are to tell Green I am dead. You won’t come after me anymore. Because I will find out about it. And I’ll kill you.” 
They all looked at her, nodding mechanically. She raised her hand and showed Henry, who was still lying face down on the ground. 
“And you are never going to harass this man in your life, ever again. You are not going to come near his house or him. Or else I’ll kill you. Do you understand?” 
They nodded again, more certain this time, still not believing their good luck.
 “Disappear from my sight now. Take only one vehicle. We’ll need the other one.” 
They did, tail between their legs, piss in their pants. Once they were gone, the girl resumed her normal state of being. In front of Henry stood a tall, blue-eyed, brown-haired girl, dressed in black, smiling at him. 
“Thanks”, she whispered, and started falling. 
Henry ran and caught her in his arms, hugging her, as she laid there unconscious. And then he heard a voice, weak but totally frightening at the same time. 
“Take her and leave. Never come back here again, you hear me? Never.”
 Henry didn’t need to be told a second time. He carried the girl in his arms and left the cave at once, a wide grin on his face. He realized now, as he ushered the unconscious girl on his van, that maybe, there was a chance of revenge. Against the Deity who had destroyed his life. Right there in his grasp. 
And just for a few moments, before taking the long way home, Henry White was, once again, the happiest man on earth. 
***
Val felt her head heavy. She knew she was waking up, because she felt the light slowly crawling through her eyelids.
That was a hell of fucking ride.
 The last thing Val remembered was Pete injecting her with a tranquilizer. And then the dreams. Like the black haired-girl crying, telling her not to kill those men, to not let Aurelia take control of her body… 
For some weird reason he had believed the girl, even right down to the Deity part. Val had thanked her, kissed her sweetly, and went on her way to face Aurelia. After that she remembered nothing.  
She opened her eyes really carefully, trying not to be blinded by the light above her. A fuzzy shape appeared, hovering just a few centimetres over her forehead. A manly face. 
“John?”
Val asked, having a secret hope that everything was back to normal by now.
 “Sorry, kid. I am not your boyfriend.” 
Val stood up, leaning against the back of a comfortable, old couch, and came face to face with the man, to whom the voice belonged. 
He looked like he was in his early thirties, maybe even younger, going through some pretty rough times. There were wrinkles on his forehead and on the corners of his eyes and mouth. Still, he was really handsome in a strong, quiet way. His white skin and raven hair and eyes created an amazing contrast.
“Who are you?”
“That’s what I should be asking. You are in my house.” 
Val jumped up from the couch, raising her fists in an offensive stance. 
“Where the hell am I? Did you kidnap me? What do you want with me?”
“Wow, easy there. I guess Vanessa is teaching you all too well in the new Academy.” 
 Vanessa... The Academy… 
“Are you Vanessa’s friend? The one who’s supposed to protect me?”
 The smile was erased from at once from the man’s face.
“Yeah, that’s me, I guess.” 
“Dude, sorry to tell you this, but I don’t feel that protected. You seem seriously beaten up.” 
“You don’t remember?” he asked her, the surprise true on his face.
Val’s brain froze. 
The Cave. The thugs. Aurelia. The man, picking her up from the ground, helping her. 
“The dream wasn’t a dream.”
Val looked at her hand and jerked it slowly, carefully. A blue flame engulfed her whole arm, burning bright, a beautiful warmth of pure energy. Aurelia’s energy. It was true. What the little girl was saying was true all along. 
She shuddered and the flame disappeared. Her eyes were now on the strange guy. 
“Tell me what happened.”
“Not until you tell me your name.”
Val looked at him, one eyebrow raised questioningly.
“What? I can’t call you kid forever.”
“Valentine.”
He smiled, contented. “Henry. Nice to meet you, Valentine.”  
***
Henry told her the whole story of her abduction, right down to the punch. 
“I slapped Aurelia in the face?” 
Henry looked at her with such satisfaction, Val thought he would’ve gladly grabbed her and kiss her on spot. 
“Best day of my life, kid. I sincerely thank you.”
“But why? Why do you hate her so much? In fact, how did you even survive my attack?”
Henry laughed, sincerely amused. 
“Hit me.”
“What?”
“With your Power. Hit me.” 
“I don’t want to hurt you…”
Henry grabbed her shoulders, and pushed her to the back of the couch, violently. 
Val hit him with a Power wave, without thinking, in order to defend herself. The Power brushed off Henry, who stood there, unaffected. 
Her mouth hung opened as everything connected in her brain. She remembered something they’ve read with Mike at the Library, a long time ago. About mediums, enhancers of the Power. And Negators.
“You are a White.”
Henry nodded slowly, his eyes harbouring a bitter-sweet feeling.  
“Then why don’t you teach like the rest of them?”
“It’s complicated.”
“Like I am a legendary Medium complicated or what?”
Henry had to laugh at her comment, and she smiled at him, her spirits lifted. 
 “You are not a medium anymore, Valentine. You resisted Aurelia. You are now a mind of your own, a Power of your own. There is no record of that whatsoever. Trust me, I’ve read our History, more than once.”
“Is it because of your Negating that you don’t like Aurelia? Or is it something personal?” 
Henry just remained silent, looking at his palms. 
Val’s thoughts were on her friends. At the Academy. With her Power, she could protect them, but most of all she could protect herself. She would be free from the Greens, once and for all. She stood up slowly, under the eyes of the man who’d rescued her. 
“Henry, thanks, for everything. I am sorry you got beaten up for my sake. I am glad I wasn’t the one doing the beating.” 
“It’s alright, Valentine. I am tougher than I look, seriously. I know how to fight.” 
Val looked at him, his lean body, trying not to stare too much.
 “I believe you”, she said with a little smile. “That’s why I think it would be a good idea for Vanessa to consider you as an Instructor. I would hate it if it was the last time I saw you.” 
Henry’s face darkened inexplicably. 
“Valentine, I don’t think you understand the situation.” 
“What situation exactly? I have an awesome new Power, my friends are waiting for me and my revenge is long overdue.”
“You can’t go back to your friends, Valentine. Not yet. Yes, you have an awesome new Power. But can you fight the whole Aldus Green army on your own? I don’t think so. The guy owns the damn Ribbons. Can you guarantee the safety of all your friends? You certainly can’t. And as I understand it, your best friend is in a hospital. Am I right?” 
Val nodded, slowly, his words starting weighing heavy on her. 
 “Did you hurt your friend because of your strength?” 
“What? Of course not. I couldn’t even control the Power then. It was an ambush.” 
“So I thought. And you want to go against this people, alone? With a gift you just obtained. You have no idea of the limits and the possibilities. You are going to risk everyone, your friends, teammates, Vanessa and the teachers. Everyone.” 
“Even you?” 
Val tried to hurt him with her words, like he had with his. Henry just smiled. 
 “I haven’t cared about myself for a long time, kid. So no, you can leave me out. But the others, you have to think about them.” 
Valentine looked at the floor, ashamed. Henry approached her and lightly caressed her shoulders, giving her a little bit of strength. 
“So what do we do now?”
“I have a plan. You are not going to like it. But it is the only way. The only way to get even.”
***
Vanessa came early the next day. Henry was sleepless and far too tired, but everything depended on his performance. Because his plan had to work. 
The car tires screeched as the car stopped on his driveway. But it wasn’t Vanessa mini-car as expected, but a black luxurious Council-custom vehicle. Tom Rosenberg. 
God, she just had to bring that asshole here, didn’t she?
 Henry felt his rage growing, and that was good. It helped him for the task at hand. They both got out of the car, clearly sleepless but trying to look as in-control as possible. 
Rosenberg looked even better in casual attire, only in a pull-over, jeans and sport shoes.
 If only I had this much composure, thought Henry. 
He opened the door before they even had a chance to knock. That caught them out of guard, Vanessa looking scared, Rosenberg losing his cool for a moment. Henry was glad. 
“Henry, what’s wrong?”
“You dare asking me, what’s wrong? You bring a BOMB inside my house and you ask me what’s wrong.” 
Rosenberg took a step front, to help Vanessa, barely keeping his hands in place. 
“Henry, there was no other way. It was not Vanessa’s fault. The Instructors and I, we both had this idea of bringing the girl to your place. Green was furious…” 
Don’t you dare talk, you motherfucker. 
“Green sent his thugs to kill her. To kill us. Yes, they followed you, Vanessa, so much for undercover and perfect safety.”
His friend turned white as paper, and Rosenberg put her arms around her. 
“They assaulted me in my own house. They put us into their jeeps, they took us out to the desert to drop us in the caverns.” 
“Henry, I am sure everything is alright now though, isn’t it? You are standing in front of us right now. So the thugs were gone in the end and you came out alive of this mess somehow, I take it?” 
Vain hope in the Tom’s voice.
 Henry lowered his head.
 “It would be better if I hadn’t. It would be better if they had thrown us in a hole. At least we would have a chance of survival. The girl would have a chance of survival. But you know very well who dwells in the caves. And you pretty damn knew that she was a telekinetic, a powerful one. AND YOU DIDN’T SAY A THING.” 
Henry was at the peak of his performance, addressing Vanessa now, clearly. She was crying, realizing what had happened. 
“Aurelia called to the girl. And she answered. She broke the device in half, Vanessa. And for a second there, it seemed like she would make it. She beat the thugs to a pulp. But once they were gone, she…” Henry kneeled on the ground, doubled up and started crying. “She exploded. Another non-compatible specimen. Do you understand? She died before my eyes, and there was nothing I could do for the poor girl.” 
Tears were coming, real tears now, for Valentine and for the memory of his dear wife. 
Vanessa was at a total loss.
 “I am sorry” she whispered and run to the safety of the car. 
Rosenberg tried to comfort Henry. He didn’t look smug now, only confused and hurt. 
Who would have thought, you have real feelings sometimes, Council. 
Henry rose his head.
 “When you see your friend, tell him that I hope he is happy. Happy that he killed a kid. And I hope you and the other Counsellors are happy of the integrity of your members.”
Rosenberg stopped midway. He realized it was time to go. 
Henry stayed there, kneeling on the ground for a long time, even after their car was gone. Until he felt a warm hand on his shoulder, touching him gently.
“They are gone, Henry.” 
He saw Valentine standing above him, smiling. 
“I think you can come inside now.” 
She was actually really sweet, after a good night’s sleep. She kneeled and timidly put her arm around his shoulders.
 “I know you feel sorry about Vanessa. You are friends right? Or at least you used to be.”
“We were best friends, yeah.”
“We’ve all been harsh to our friends at some point, Henry. It’s obvious you have problems, and I don’t want to interfere, but it’s all for the best. When I’m ready, we’ll go back. And then we can both be better to our loved ones, right?” 
You are too good for me, kid. I don’t deserve your kindness. 
“By the way, you are an amazing actor.” 
“Well thank you.” 
“It scared me a little bit to be honest. I hope you don’t try to deceive me, too.” 
“Don’t worry, Valentine. I will not do you any harm.” 
“I have no choice but to believe you, Henry. So, what now?” 
Henry pierced the girl with his black eyes. 
“Now… we train”. 
***
12. The Second Chance
Canton Eastern Outskirts- 09:00, 25th September, 200 A.D
The field was in bloom… A beautiful breeze was swiping through the barley and the flowers gave a beautiful smell on the cool air of the afternoon. The sun was still in the sky, but was soon to set, creating a mixture of pink, orange and purple colours.
 John was sitting on a green bench, smiling, happy beyond words. The young woman in front of him was walking through the barley, touching it with her fingertips, laughing. Then she came towards him, kneeled and when their heads were almost touching, he asked him.
“You don’t really believe I am dead, do you John? Not you.” 
He shook his head, unable to speak. Valentine pushed her flowing hair behind her ear. Her blue eyes were glowing in the sun. 
“You know I am stronger than this, right? I hope the others are not worried. Because I am fine. I just have to stay away for a while. I have to be … stronger somehow. Do you understand?” 
He nodded again. Then Valentine came even closer and she hugged him. “But I miss you all so much. I will try to be with you again as soon as possible.” And then, her face was centimetres away from his, and he knew it was wrong, but he wanted to kiss her again so badly. So he leaned closer ignoring his fear and his guilt…
John woke up as his lips were about to touch hers. He felt sadness, but also relief. He didn’t want to go down that path again, not even in his dream. 
He got out of his bed, heading straight for the bathroom, where he splashed a lot of cold water in his face. It made his mind clear up a bit. Then he made his way back to his bed where he laid down, thinking about his dream. Or, better said, his vision. 
John was entirely convinced that his brain had managed to establish a connection with Val’s. She was alive and well, against all odds. Despite Rehberg’s announcement stating that Valentine Stone had died in a terrible accident. 
John would never forget Vanessa, as she stood on the Conference Room’s Podium, less than a month ago. She looked beaten up, broken, nothing reminiscing of her strong, determined character upon the first night. There was a bleak atmosphere all around the teammates, and every single soul could feel, that something was wrong. 
“As many of you already know by now, there has been a terrible accident, involving your last exam. A conflict between three candidates who left them terribly wounded. Therefore, the Council asked for the temporary closing of the Academy, until the re-evaluation of some parameters. You are, until then, free to return to your homes. Because of your Powers, you will be under strict supervision. We would kindly ask you, to keep your gift a secret. You will return at the Academy, as soon as the problems will be resolved.” 
There had been mixed feelings all around the Academy, happiness, sadness and fear combined. But most of all, John had unanswered questions, a lot of them. Along with Seb and Mike, they entered the Instructors office, announced. And that’s where they found, the thing they’ve dreaded the most. 
“How is that even possible?” 
Mike was shouting, hitting her office with his fists, as Seb, white as a sheet from shock, tried to get a hold of him.
“Valentine’s death was the result of a miscalculation” Vanessa whispered. 
“Miscalculation? We’re talking about a person’s life. Amy Wyatt is at the hospital fighting for her own life. Now you are telling us Val is dead. The Academy is scattered and Alice Green is alive and kicking. Aren’t you going to do something about that? What kind of people are you?” 
Vanessa’s tears were John’s cue. He caught Mike’s arm and leaned close to his ear. 
“Let’s go home, Mike.”
 The pissed-off giant immediately calmed down, and the three of them exited the office. There was nothing to discuss anymore. 
They returned to their homes as planned, but nothing was the same anymore. The three of them had been best friends for the past four years, but the two girls had added a new flare to their trio. And now, with a comatose Amy and a dead Valentine, something was clearly amiss. 
And then, a little less than ten days ago, John started dreaming. Or rather visioning. Valentine in a beautiful dress, smiling, full of life, telling him that she was alive and well, and was about to return soon. He’d woken up so exited after this revelation, sending a message to Seb and Mike before even started thinking about the implications. 
John described his dream with all the beautiful little details, (minus the kiss, that part was none of their business), in front of the surprised faces of his best friends. 
“I know what I saw is real, guys. I know Valentine was real. I never really bought this weird story about her death, accident my ass. Valentine was perfectly healthy after Alice’s attack…
“Then why would Vanessa lie to us, John? She had no gain…”
“Maybe Aldus Green forced the Instructors to lock up Valentine somewhere… A local jail perhaps, or even the Underground. Had Vanessa told us the truth, we’d have gone out there to break Valentine free, and that’s a scandal the Council doesn’t want…”
“She seemed pretty sincere to me, dude. She was crying, and had obviously been crying for the past few days.” 
Mike was looking his palms, not willing to face John. 
“Mike, why the fucking hell are you so negative?”
“Because you are too much of a pussy to accept the truth John!” 
Mike stood up, his enormous body mass towering over him. 
“Valentine is dead. Dead. Gone. If she was still alive, don’t you think she would have tried at least to come in contact with us, somehow?”
“Maybe she is trapped…”
“Even so, if Vanessa knew that she was still alive, don’t you think she would have send us an anonymous letter or something? Even under threat, she wouldn’t have stopped. We have nothing to prove…”
“I SAW HER. WHY ARE YOU ACTING LIKE A DAMN IDIOT?” 
The two boys raised their fists, and Seb run between them, terrified. Mike looked at John with utter disgust. 
“You know you still have another friend, don’t you? One that is still in a coma, laying in a hospital bed. When was the last time you went to see Amy?”
Mike’s words were like a blow to John’s face. He two a few steps back, hurt. 
“That has nothing to do with…”
“Seb and I, we visit her at the hospital every day. We take turns, looking after her. You just stay here, and do what, dreaming? Hoping that a lost friend still exists? The only one who is acting like a damn idiot is you.”
With that last sentence, his two friends were gone. John had spoken with neither of them ever since. He felt hurt and betrayed, even though he knew he’d acted like a jerk. Even though he knew Mike had a point in his words. And John missed them. He was alone in this enormous mansion, his parents gone on a second honeymoon vacation. 
You could always go and see Amy, you fucking asshole. 
But his guilt wouldn’t let him. He was a seer, a telepath, and still was unable to predict Alice’s appearance or the outcome of their final exam. 
I send Amy to that hospital bed. I send Val to whatever hell she is going through. I am not even capable of keeping my best friends close. 
John’s phone rung. It took him a few seconds to realize what was going on. The last time a person had called was more than a week ago. He picked it up, an ominous feeling in his chest. 
“What’s up?”
“John, it’s me. We need to talk.”
 ***
“Mike, are you going to the hospital again tonight?”
“I may spend a couple of hours there, yes”
“And who is going to look after us?” 
Missy looked at her brother with big puppy eyes. Mike felt the incoming attack seconds before it took place. 
“Oh, I have an idea. Why don’t we sleep at John’s house? It’s been so long since we’ve seen him.” 
Denver said, giving sideway glances at Missy. 
Mike sighted. 
“We’ll see about that.”
He was on his way home, his siblings walking right in front of him, chirping happily like little birds, without a care in the world. He had missed the little troublemakers so much, and he needed some happy innocence in his life after that particular unfortunate incident. 
Val was gone, Amy was in a coma and John was a big time idiot. Mike still hadn’t find the courage to tell his siblings about his fight with John. They both loved him so much, and he was indeed, wonderful with children. But Mike refused to be a fluffy-headed idiot like him.
Missy’s hand was suddenly on his own, her grasp unexpectedly strong. 
“You have fought with John, haven’t you?”
Mike nodded, the knot in his throat threaten to overwhelm him. 
“Is it because of the hospital girl? The singer Amy?”
He chuckled.
 “It’s complicated, honeybee.”
“Is that why you cry every night, Mike? Because she won’t wake up?”
I cry because I can’t save anyone, baby. What’s the point of having a Power, being a supposed Hero after seventy whole years, if I can’t do a damn thing?
“You weren’t supposed to see that, Missy.”
“But I did. Denver did too.”
 His brother had turned his little head at them, looking straight at Mike’s eyes. 
“Missy, I…”
“He cries because he missed me. So, I came to change that.”
An all-too familiar voice was heard, not far from where they stood.
“JOHNNIEEEE!”
Missy and Denver run towards John’s direction, practically jumping from joy. They hugged him tightly, and he kissed their little heads. 
“I missed you very much, little monkeys.” 
Mike laughed instinctively, feeling overjoyed, before reminding himself that he has pissed at him. 
John walked towards him, grabbing his shoulders tightly.  
“What are you doing here? How did you find me?”
“How many times have I picked them up from school, Mike? I know we fought, but come on.”
“Why are you here, John?”
 “Because your PA is out of reach. You should really charge it from time to time.”
Mike turned pale. 
“Is Amy…?”
“She is close to waking up, Mike. And no matter our differences, we have to be there for her. I have to be there. I already lost so much time, because of my guilt. Are you with me on this?”
All those pain, all those sleepless night, full of tears… What would have happened if they hadn’t been separated? What would have happened if they hadn’t left the girls alone, easy targets for a maniac? 
Now Amy was bound to wake up, and Mike had, at last, a chance of redemption. 
“That doesn’t mean I believe you, John.” 
“I don’t need you to believe me. Just to forgive me, at least for the time being.”
Mike nodded. He mustered all his lost courage and said determined 
“Let’s do this.” 
***
Ladies of Mercy Hospital-East, 20:00 - 25th September, 200 A.D
The stars were beautifully bright, floating in the dark night sky. It was the beginning of autumn, and the chilling breeze made Amy’s skin crawl. She felt the cold creeping up her body, a thin hospital dress her only cover.
 Her face felt colder somehow. Amy touched her wet cheeks. Her tears were hot, freezing in her face, looking like little pearl diamonds. She didn’t make a sound, didn’t scream or shout.
Amy stood still on the roof’s ledge, her pain cutting her deep, like a sharp knife. Happiness was an unknown feeling to her, a feeling she didn’t deserve. She was sleeping, as her best friend, one of the very few she had all those years, was dying. 
It wasn’t your fault, the voice of reason whispered to her. You didn’t pull the trigger or pushed her over a ledge. Alice Green would be haunting you anywhere you went. 
But I made it so easy, so goddamn easy. Instead of calling for help, I charged at her. It was my fault, all along. Everything I touch, dies. 
The tears kept coming and coming, no end in sight. An endless cycle of what ifs. What if she didn’t want to follow the abandoned trail? What if she didn’t want so desperately to see the family files? What if she wasn’t so fucking stupid? 
The doctor had informed her of Val’s death with a professional, matter-of-factly- tone. 
“It happened unexpectedly, mrs Wyatt. Maybe the shock of the accident, your comatose state. Who knows? The fact is you are alive and well, and in the course of a few days, you’ll be able to go home.”
 Of course, doc. Life is so fucking amazing, when you’re alive and well. But I have no home to go back to. I am a murderer, and there is no love to be found for someone the likes of me. 
Amy could already feel them… Poisonous fingers crawling in her skin, under her thin dress, touching her everywhere… everywhere. At least we are here for you, we are going to be with you, always. 
A malicious voice in her head laughed. And she laughed with it.
 My true friends. Welcome.
***
“What do you mean she is perfectly safe in her room, you pathetic piece of shit? She can teleport!” 
Mike was lashing out against the doctor, beating Seb for a few seconds.
“Mind your tongue, young man, everything is under control”. 
“Do you have a single cell in your brain, you numbskull? You throw Seb, her only friend, out of her room and then tell her that Valentine Stone is dead? How can she be ok? I would have jumped over a window and I am not even close in being sentimental.”
John came out of Amy’s room. His physician’s clearance had allowed him to gain access in the station where Amy was staying. 
“She is not in her room”, announced John, clearly running out of patience, too. 
He faced the doctor, his eyes burning. 
“Happy now?”
 “I will call the security. We’ll begin the search immediately.”
The doctor stumbled to the exit and John shook his head.
 “They will be too late” said John.
“John, you have to try.” 
Seb’s hands were on his shoulders, his eyes begging. 
“Find her, please.” 
John concentrated hard, sweat coming out of his forehead. 
“The terrace” he said, certain. 
“Seb, you have to hurry. She is losing her mind.” 
***
The wind kept blowing, harder and colder, swinging Amy left and right. The hands were rougher now, scratching her, tearing her apart. She didn’t care. She deserved it. It would soon be over, anyway.  
I should have been dead instead of you, Val. I hope I get to see you once more. 
The stars were so beautiful and the sky was calling to her. She let her body move forward, trying to reach for it. 
“Amy, don’t do it, please.”
Hallucinations was the last thing she needed.
“Amy, turn around. I am here. I was always here, right outside your door.” Sebastian was really there, thank the Deities. Too bad, Amy didn’t deserve his pity. 
 “She is dead, Seb. I killed her. She was the only person who knew the truth, and that killed her.”
 Sebastian closed in to the ledge, with small quiet steps. 
“You didn’t kill her Amy. You got lost and Alice ambushed you. It’s not your fault.”
 And what the fuck do you know? 
Amy turned around and faced him. 
“You think I am a little angel, don’t you, Seb? Because you have this silly, pointless crush for me. You would do anything to save me, wouldn’t you? So you can get what you want? Guess what, I am not a little princess you can just save. If you knew the truth, you wouldn’t even want to touch me.” 
Sebastian looked at his feet. Surprisingly, he was smiling. 
“What if I told you, I know exactly who you are, and I still like you, would you stand down? Or do I have to come there and rescue you like the little princess we both think you are?” 
He extended his hand to her, but she continued standing hesitant on the ledge. 
“Amy, do I really have to beg you? I don’t want to lose another precious friend in a week. Quitting is not the answer. We all have demons, things you can’t even imagine. We’ll fight them together.” 
Is there really a salvation? 
Amy jumped, and fell, thankfully, on the safety of the terrace. 
“I am sorry Sebastian, I am sorry for everything.”
His hands were around her, protecting her from the freezing cold.
 “Seb, do you forgive me?” 
He put two fingers in her lips, silencing her. 
“There is nothing to forgive. And you don’t have to lie anymore, Amy. Not to us. I know it’s hard, but we all have our stories. The only way to heal yourself, is to trust the people who love you. Otherwise… you know what happens otherwise.” 
 She nodded slowly and crawled closer to him.
“SEB!!!!!” John’s and Mike’s collective screams shook the air.
 Mike opened the door and darted towards them. 
“Is she ok?”
Without waiting for an answer he turned to Amy. 
“Hey, Ice Queen, wake up. Today is not the day you die. I will not allow you to die. You are an idiot for even thinking about it. You gave us a scare and I’ll never forgive you, hear me?” 
Amy smiled at him, returning back to reality. John fondled her hair. 
“You should be really proud, about the whole rescue operation we organized for you. But you are still really cold. You wouldn’t mind if we took you back to your room for a second? I swear no doctor will come to you, except me. From now on, I am your private physician.”
***
 Amy was once again in her bed, covered by three blankets under John’s orders. They all sat silently, without talking. She had to be the first one. She had to come clean. 
Amy poured her heart out to them, confessed her deepest secret. Slowly at first, and faster, almost frantic as her story came to an end. 
“Jesus, Amy why the hell didn’t you say anything? You seriously need help,” said Mike and gained a rib nudge from Sebastian.  
But Amy looked at her friend, acknowledging the truth. 
“I do need help. There is no use denying it, after all those years. But you were my psychotherapy. Those two months in the Academy … I know I always look grumpy, ironic, and perhaps even cold but those were the happiest days of my life, after a long time. And Val… she was the first one to learn the truth. That’s why she followed me down the path. To help me in my personal quest.”
“What happened really in there, Amy? How did the whole thing start? Can you remember any details?” 
“The bitch waited us at the elevators. She burned our PAs immediately, and Val begged me to get help. I stubbornly tried to fight back, but she was faster. A lamp hit my head and I passed out. After that it’s only bits and pieces, glimpses.”
Amy looked at the trio of friends, and noticed their embarrassment. 
“Why is it so important? Has something happened between you?”
“I see her, Amy. Valentine. In my sleep, I dream of her. But you know my dreams are more often than not, real.”
Mike sighted. 
“John…”
“And the whole story of her “death.” So sudden, without any cause whatsoever. No explanation. I believe she is still alive somewhere, hiding.”
 “Sebastian what do you think?”
 Amy’s sweet voice echoed through the room. 
“Ten days ago, I agreed with Mike, completely. Vanessa was indeed heartbroken, as were the other Instructors. But then I started wondering myself. So I went back… at the Academy.”
“WHAT???”
 John and Mike stood up from their chairs, and Amy’s eyes were wide open. 
“Bro, are you out of your mind? Why didn’t you mention anything?”
“I had no reason to. It was my own personal thought. You know there are cameras everywhere in the Academy, installed after the very first Alice incident? I took the liberty and checked them out. And I found this.” 
Everyone’s face came glued together as they watched the video from Seb’s tiny PA. In it, Vanessa and Peter ushered Val in a tight corridor, hidden behind the Training room. There was a low humming sound, and the video ended. 
“I followed their trail, and manged to get inside the well-hidden room. I found lots of devices, all-white, smooth in surface.”
“What kind of devices?” 
“I can’t really say, since I avoided touching anything. But… I found some plans, some prototypes of some kind of a chamber, looking extremely much like a human coffin… It was a little harrowing, to be honest.”
“And? Did you find it?”
“No, but there were two words written in that thing’s plan. NO SIGNAL. See, this idea started forming in the back of my head. Mind you, it’s only a theory, but… The Greens were hunting down Val, and Amy was here, also vulnerable. What if Vanessa…”
“Tried to hide Val?” Mike completed his friend’s thoughts.
Seb nodded. 
“Protect her.” 
“That doesn’t mean she is still alive, Seb.”
“But it means there is a chance. A small one but still… we have to search. Everything. The Academy. Val’s PA signal. The Tower.” 
“The Tower? Are you serious?”
“A hundred percent. Remember what our Instructors told us in our trainings? Teamwork is everything. We are connected, united. If one of us in in danger, then we should eliminate that danger. Period” 
“Seb, you are giving me the chills, man. What happened to the coward runner from school?”
Seb smiled. 
“He is gone. A new brave runner has taken his place.” 
“I am in.”
 Amy’s voice was low and deadly. 
“Wow, missy, you haven’t even healed completely…”
“I don’t care. Sebastian is right. We are on this together. We’ll search, until we are absolutely sure. I cannot rest otherwise.”
“Alright, already. Gee, seems the Powers have gone over your brains. But Val was my friend, and my behaviour was most than un-friendly these past few days. So…”
“We need a base of operation, though.” 
“My parents are in their second honeymoon. Travelling around Canton. It will be a while, before they’re back.”
John informed them of the fact, and Mike’s eyes shone.
“Perfect! We’ll all get to live in a mansion. With servants and everything. Trust me, Princess, you are going to love it.” 
“I was born and raised with servants.”
“Oh yeah, right, I forgot I am the only poor guy in the bunch now.”
 Mike let out a sight, shaking his head. 
“I think it’s time for me to hit the road.” 
He kissed Amy’s forehead. 
“Sleep tight. And sweet dreams.” 
John was next in the affection marathon. He hugged his friend tightly. 
“If you need help, don’t hesitate to call me. Ok?” 
Amy nodded, tears in her eyes. 
“Seb, you coming?”
He turned his head and smiled at Amy.
“In a while.” 
***
“Do you think Mike and John are cool with my back…story?”
Amy’s eyes were stuck on her blanket, as Seb swiftly moved beside her, his arms around her shoulders. 
“No, Amy. We all had secrets, and problems. Yours kind of takes the cake, but still… we accept everyone, no matter what.” 
“Thanks, by the way. For the help you gave me, back on the roof. Even if you had to lie.”
 She chuckled and Seb looked at her, surprised. 
“Lie?”
“You said you know who I was. That can’t be true, can it?”
He hugged her even tighter, and Amy shuddered. 
“Remember the story about my parents, Amy? How they threw me out, once they found out about Mike’s trial?” 
“Yes, of course.”
“I started staying at his place, but money was scarce and hard to come by. I was always good in computers, creating fake stuff. You know photos, licences, IDs, those sort of things. I started working for those forgers, creating fake papers.”
“Sebastian…”
He squeezed her palm. 
“My last job was my biggest one yet. It was a big case, rich young girl trying to escape her violent, powerful family. The girl was so desperate, she even thought of faking her death. And did other things too. The man who asked for the documents was very detailed in his descriptions.”
 Amy felt dizzy for a second, her tears fresh and hot. Seb pulled her closer to him. 
“I felt so sorry for the girl. I did my best to forge some really good papers, so that she had a change of escaping. And I picked a new name. A cute one. Do you like it?”
“I do. A lot.” 
“It was my last work. Your father is a really dangerous man, so if he ever traced anything back to me, it would mean real trouble. Mike had his own job by then, the timing was perfect. But… I always had you in my mind, even though I’ve never met you. I was really happy when I heard you were doing ok.”
 Seb caressed her blonde hair, gently. 
“I am glad I helped you, Amy, even in that weird sort of way. But you seem really tired. You have to go to bed now. I’ll leave you in peace, and we’ll talk again in the morning.”
 He kissed her forehead and started for the door. 
“Seb, I am sorry about all those nasty things I told you. You knew all this time, and you didn’t judge me. Not in the slightest.” 
“You were right about the crush thing. I did have a silly crush on you. Sometimes I thought, you would find out about me, and magically fall in love. Isn’t that the cheesiest thing ever? Just stupid.” 
“It’s not stupid, it’s…”
“No worries, I am over you now. You have nothing to worry about. Sleep well.” 
He smiled sweetly and Amy felt a knot in her stomach. In a few seconds, he was gone. And, at last, so did the hands that’d tormented her for so long. 
***
13. The Girl and her Teacher
Harmony Village – 18th October, 200 A.D
One… slash, two… slash, three… slash, four…slash, five… 
The throwing and slashing went on and on, until Val lost count. She was tired from all the training. She was tired of slashing balls in half. She was tired of him. 
Her concentration faded for an instant and she missed the ball number 35. Or maybe 36. She wasn’t sure anymore. And she didn’t care. 
“Again” said Henry, sternly. 
He was covered in sweat, and only wore a t-shirt and a pair of gym pants, his ripped body a sight for sore eyes. 
You are so fucking attractive, White. If only you weren’t such a damn perfectionist. 
“Henry, I’ve cut a trillion balls in half. I can’t do this anymore. I am tired. And seriously now, who is even going to try to hit me with practice balls?”
Henry faced her, nothing but strain and disappointment in his face. 
“This is not about the ball, Valentine, this is about you taking our training seriously. About controlling your mental focus. And yeah, sometimes the enemy hits you with the most unexpected weapon imaginable.”
 He threw a ball at her, trying to catch her off guard. 
You can’t surprise me anymore. 
She raised her hand and send a small energy wave to the ball. It exploded into million pieces.
“That’s not the point of the exercise…”
“Well, I suppose you are right, war veteran”, Val interrupted. 
“Now, tell me, in how many wars have you fought? No, wars are a little too much. Tell me, how many actual enemies have you fought?” 
“The basic principles are the same, war or no war.”
Val sighted. 
“This is pointless. There is no reasoning with you, Henry, is there? I have reached the highest level possible, just about a week ago. From then on, it’s just the same shit every single day. But you still keep me here so I can train more. It’s almost like you don’t want us to leave this place.” 
“Us?” Henry said, his voice a low growl.
 “Who said about a thing about us?” 
Val took a step backwards, instinctively. 
“Well, I do. You don’t want to spend the rest of your life in a village farm right? Not with your skills. I know, I know… You had problems. We never talk about them, but it’s obvious. So did we all at some point. But you can’t stay here forever. You are a Negator, and a great teacher, although a pain in the ass sometimes. I think it’s about time…” 
“I am not going anywhere.” 
“Henry, you’ve been here way too long.” 
“THAT’S NOT FOR YOU TO DECIDE”, he shouted, completely outraged.
“There is no US. You know nothing about me, nothing. You think because we spend our nights talking, we’ve suddenly become friends? You think the problems disappear magically, just like that. You are just a kid.”
“I think I’m done with today’s practice.” 
Henry’s face mellowed at once.
 “I’m sorry…” he started, but it was already too late. 
 Val turned around and walked outside the barn doors. Instead of going inside the house however, he walked the full perimeter of it, reaching its back side. The one which faced the desert. 
With her mind’s eye, Val saw Aurelia’s cavern. Facing towards its direction, she felt ten times stronger. She flared up, her blue aura circling every part of her body, and started practicing a few fighting moves, ones she learned from Henry White. 
In a normal day, her routine would have been enough to calm her down. But Val just felt enraged. There had been a lot of times where she’d disagree with Henry, about Powers, Deities, politics, everything. But he’d never leashed out against her like today. 
I’ve hit the nail’s head today, that’s why. The root of his problems. 
 The two of them had come to a strange agreement, living under the same roof, a weird partnership by a single thirty-year old man and a twenty-year old girl.
 The fact that he was a Negator and she the most powerful medium of all times didn’t affect their every day life. Henry cooked, Val washed the dishes. Henry cut down the wood, Val cleaned the house. They trained, then watched TV. And then, they talked. 
Sometimes they would discuss all night, sitting opposite one other, passionately agreeing or disagreeing. Val was actually surprised to find out that Henry had a real sense of humour, with lots of ironic undertones.
 Despite their arguments, they always ended up talking again. Because they had a purpose. Or as it turned out, Val had a purpose. 
No matter how funny or thoughtful her new teacher, no matter how handsome his face was when he laughed, Val wanted her friends. She couldn’t imagine how worried they’d be, how sad about her supposed death. Had they believed Vanessa, or had they gotten themselves into trouble by try and find her? 
I only agreed to this because I thought I would be over with it quickly. I let my PA die out, so no-one will find me. But it’s been a fucking month… If he doesn’t want to come along, then I am leaving alone. 
“Valentine?” 
His voice pulled her out of her thoughts. 
“Yeah?”
“I’m going to town… for groceries. Do you want anything specific?”
I want you to apologise. 
“No.”
For a while, they just stood looking at each other. Then Henry sighted.  “We’ll discuss everything when I’m back.” 
Then he hurried to his motorcycle, before Val was able to answer.
***
 It was the change of the air that gave Val a weird ominous feeling, more than anything else. She sat in the hard desert-ground, tired from her fighting routine, considerably less mad at Henry, but still a little bit sad. 
Her skin was crawling already as she turned her head up and look the sand cloud approaching. 
No, not only sand. There is colour inside this sand-storm. 
She had just enough time to stand up, before Aurelia’s form appeared right in front of her. 
“My God, it’s so good to be able to move again! After so long! I can only go so far, of course, but still… And to think I was mad at you, Valentine, dear.”
“Didn’t you used to be a blue ball?” 
A Deity, the strongest of the Deities, is standing in front of you, Val and of all the wondrous things, that’s what you ask. Sweet. 
Aurelia took a good look at her, and then burst out laughing. 
“You are funny too, who would have though. The only bad thing about you is your stubbornness it seems. And your aggression.” 
“Aurelia, what are you doing here? Why are you acting like this? We are not long lost friends, and I am not your servant. I slapped you inside your own cave. The only logical reason for you coming here, is to kill me.” 
“Kill you? Are you crazy, sweetheart? You are my chosen medium. I can step out of my cave again because of you, and your talented friends. How are your friends by the way? I guess closing down the Academy was a big shock for them. Your death must have been another one.”
“What are you talking about?”
 Val was whispering the words, completely out of breath, her stomach a tight knot. 
Aurelia smiled, a cunning, threatening smile. 
“You didn’t know anything about this? Didn’t anyone tell you? The Academy closed down after you death. The Council’s complains were just too great after your “accident.” Your friends were send to their homes. I guess they are heart-broken. Poor things.” 
Rage was painting Val’s vision, which was now bright red. Aurelia was a bitch trying to pass as an angel, true, but Henry… he knew about all of these, no doubt. Or at least suspected. And said nothing. 
“Honey, what’s wrong? You had no idea whatsoever did you? Why are you still here anyway? With a gift like yours…”
“I have been training…”
“With Henry White. In all seriousness, Valentine, I hope you haven’t fallen for this man’s lies. He is a deranged individual, always had been. You are too smart to not have yet realized that he wants to use you for his own cause.”
A bitter laugh escaped Val’s mouth. 
“And what the fuck are you trying to do right now, oh Great Deity? Don’t you try to use me for your own cause? Aren’t you exactly the same as Henry?”
Her beautiful face turned into an iron mask of disgust. 
“At least you know my intentions, Val. He is a liar, keeping you away from your friends for so long, while they suffer. And when people suffer, they act foolishly. Do you want them sent to the Underground by Aldus Green? Or worse, dead?” 
“What do you want, Aurelia?” 
“Leave this place, find your friends, and take the revenge you’ve craved for so long. And then…” 
The Deity came close to Val, so close, their foreheads connected in a brotherly gesture.
“Then you come and find me. And then we can talk some more. I’m sure we’ll come to an agreement. With clear heads, away from this wretched man.”
Aurelia kissed Val’s forehead and turned to leave. 
“Why do you hate each other so much?”
A shrill laugh tore the air around them.
“Search his drawers, honey. And you’ll have your reason why.”
   ***
The sound of Henry’s brakes were heard in the cottage’s front door. He opened the door, a big smile on his face and his hands full of groceries. 
“Sorry to be gone that long. I found some old friends and…”
“You are a grown-up man, Henry. You can do whatever you want.”
Val’s ice cold tone was enough to wipe away his smile. He coughed lightly. 
“Valentine, are you still mad? I am sorry, alright? I never meant to talk to you this way. I do like you, and I want you to find your friends as soon as possible. But you have to be ready…”
“Yeah, Henry. Whatever.” 
Val stood up from the couch, and walked around it, standing exactly opposite her teacher. 
“We had visitors. Or rather, I had a visitor.”
“Did someone hurt you, Valentine?”
She chuckled ironically.
 “A funny thing to ask. No. My Deity was here. Aurelia. She informed me of a few unimportant things. Like how the Academy closed down and everyone’s life was ruined because of our little plan.”
Henry remained silent, his face whiter than usual. 
“You knew.”
 It wasn’t a question. 
He nodded his head. 
“We’ll fix everything. Together. Just give me a little more time.” 
“Aurelia instructed me to leave immediately.”
“Val you can’t seriously trust this entity? She is a lying, scheming, murderous…”
“Why is she murderous, Henry? Have you ever seen her killing someone?”
Henry stopped talking, staying completely still, his body an electrified wire.
“What?”
Val approached him slowly. 
“You know Henry, I never dared to ask. How is a men with your looks, at your age, never married? Even engaged?”
“Don’t do this, Valentine.”
“Wrong answer.”
The photo flew from Val’s hand, straight at Henry’s face. A beautiful woman and a happy, different man. 
“You know I always found it strange, that we never got out of the house, not even for a drink. In the beginning I thought: Maybe I am too young or maybe he is afraid someone will see us. Now I understand. That’s why you kept me here for so long, Henry, didn’t you? You never liked me, neither is your heart pure. I punched Aurelia straight in the face, so you though “Oh nice, here is my change to avenge my wife. My dead wife, taken by a Holy Deity.” Guess what? Your game is over.” 
“You have no idea what is like.”
“Excuse me, what? I never tried to use anyone…”
“You have no idea what’s like to be responsible for someone’s death. My wife was depressive, with only purpose in life: to be Aurelia’s medium. I only laughed her thoughts away, saying to myself it’s only a phase. And one night she was gone. She jumped in Aurelia’s void and never came back. And I saw it all. Yes I am a coward and a junkie. But how dare you judge me? You are just a kid.” 
He spat the last sentence directly at Val’s face. She chuckled bitterly.
“Alice Green put me in the hospital when I was twelve. My father was driving with 150 km/hour, because my life was hanging on the line. Or so they told me. You see Henry, my parents and I never saw each other again. I ended their worries, forever. They died because I liked to play hero. So I stopped the heroic acts, for a long time. Until I realised… stopping is not the answer. Getting better at your game is.”
Val realized her face was wet, but couldn’t help herself from talking. 
“God knows how many times I’ve been punished by now. Spending my years in this awful place, see Alice obtaining a Power, torturing people with it. My best friend landed in a hospital and I am here. But still. My dumb brain won’t let me cower away so easily, as yours does.”
Henry was staring at her, seer amazement in his look. Val smiled and jerked her hand. Her little blue flame burst from her palm. 
“Finally, after all these years, I am blessed with this. My salvation. I am leaving now Henry, to do the thing I know best. Wreak havoc. For the sake of me and the people I love and love me in return. If you don’t have the courage to come with me, then stay here and rot.” 
*** 
Val shut the door behind her and, in the midst of the pouring rain, started walking towards the shed’s direction. Henry still had a car, one he never used, with a key conveniently placed under the driver’s sit. She knew a little bit from driving, at least enough to reach her apartment. 
I have to charge my PA. I have to reach the kids…
The loud thumbing sound of Henry’s staff landing centimetres from her left side made Val jump and shout. She turned around and faced him, her eyes wide. 
“What the…?”
 Henry stood opposite her, his weapon looming threateningly. 
“Take back what you just said. Take it back or fight me.”
 She could have screamed, could have asked him to leave her alone. She could have even take all the accusations back, end it quickly and peacefully.
You want a fight you bastard. Then that’s what you’re going to get. 
In an instant, Val produced one Power whip and threw it directly at his face. The energy wouldn’t hurt him, of course, but Henry was stunned for a second, stumbling backwards. Finding the chance she was looking for, Val run forward, towards the barn and her own wooden stuff. 
Henry regained his focus and started running behind her, faster than he’d ever seen him run. 
Pretentious bastard.
 Val’s will was stronger than Henry’s feet. She entered the barn and searched frantically for her weapon, which she located in the far left corner, next to a mess of haystacks. 
Val grasped her stuff, just as Henry caught up with her, getting a hold of the edge of her T-shirt. She jerked violently forwards, and when he was ready to strike again, she turned around and lowered her torso and arms, aiming straight at his vulnerably open stomach area. 
The edge of her stuff found the target. Henry doubled up in pain, holding his stomach with his left hand, the staff still on his right. But all sense of superiority had abandoned him. His eyes were watery and his muscles throbbed from pain. I can leave him now and be done with it. He won’t be able to catch me. A kick in the head, and he’ll be out… 
Val was tired of running. And the bastard had provoked her.
She felt the aura surging from her body, covering her, little flames exploding. 
“Get up”.
 Henry did. Hurt, confused but with an ironic smile on his face. 
“You should have gone, Valentine”
“You shouldn’t have hit me in the first place, Henry.” 
He charged at her again, going for the same spot she had been aiming, her lower stomach. But Val was prepared. Holding the stuff horizontal with her two hands she managed to counter Henry’s attack. Clank, rough wood on polished one. They hit each other, swiftly and with each clanking sound, they became more restless and aggressive. 
They took their fight outside of the barn, as the rain was falling steadily in big fat drops. Henry was aiming at her sides, but Val foresaw all his moves and counterattacked accordingly. 
Having studied his techniques for a whole month, Val knew when she had to strike. And the moment came… That breakthrough moment she had been waiting for…
Henry recklessly changed the course of his weapon with a sudden move of his wrist, aiming at her exposed head, instead of her left hip, as originally intended. 
Val held her wooden staff as a shield in front of her head again, but this time with only one hand. Her left hand send a little ball of energy that struck the ground directly in front of Henry’s feet, using the sand and rock turbulence as a momentary distraction. 
Henry instinctively jumped back and stared directly into the ground in front of him, his pole hanging lose from his hand. The opening was there. Val struck at his feet with all her strength, causing him to stumble and fall to the ground on his back. 
The staff left Henry’s hands, and Val kicked it further away from him. And then she let her own weapon fall, and just waited there, breathing heavily, her whole body an electrified cord, sweat dripping from her wet clothes. 
Sweet Victory.
Henry laid on the ground, and then all of the sudden, he started laughing. A truly joyful laugh. 
“What is so funny Henry? Don’t tell me you are tired already.”
 “I could do this all day, Valentine. That was… amazing.” 
He got up, trying to stand on his feet and failed miserably, falling on his knees instead. 
Shit, I crippled the poor guy.
 Guilt and sadness were starting creeping up on Val, and she took two steps forward, intending on helping him. 
“Valentine, don’t bother. I am not worth it. I spend a whole year taking drugs to forget my wife’s death. Aurelia took her one night, and from that night I swore revenge. But I was weak and she was a Deity. And then… you came along. And then I truly did think that there is a chance for me.”
Val could only look at her own feet. She had suspected the truth after the discovery of the picture, but it hurt so much to hear him say the words. 
“You’re wrong about one thing, though. I really do like you. That’s why I want you to turn around, and leave. Go save your friends, the ones who would die for you. I would never do that. I can’t even die for me.”
His eyes were full of tears and his voice broke as he ended his sentence. 
Val wanted to help the crying man in front of her. Wanted, more than anything, to see him smiling once again, like the old photo. But there was a limit to heroism. And Henry White didn’t want to save himself. He just wanted to be left alone. Val turned her back on him, and took the first step to the car.
“Goodbye, Henry. Thanks for everything.” 
***
14. Plan and Execution
The New Academy -19th October, 200 A.D
The sun was setting slowly in the autumn’s sky, giving its way to darkness. The Academy was dark, empty, without voices to be heard. There was only one person sitting in the main entrance’s stairs, silent, lost in thought. 
Vanessa looked at the setting sun, but her stare was a mechanical one. Her mind was absent. 
Where did I go wrong? Which one of my decisions was the worst? 
She would wake up from her sleep, almost every night, the dark rings under her eyes a clear sign of her depression. The same dreams, same nightmares. Valentine Stone exploding into million pieces, in front of Henry’s terrified eyes.
Vanessa looked at the now abandoned building, and shuddered. She had so many hopes for this Academy, the start of a new era for Canton and her carrier. The false hope that she could control the kids, even after all this incidences of violence and mayhem. 
But what really bothered Vanessa, was her inactivity after Val’s death. She had become a mindless servant of the Council, obediently closing down the Academy, chasing away her students. 
Waking up, going to work like nothing ever happened, gathering a bunch of pity looks from the Counsellors, a recognition of failure. Losing herself in the mountains of paperwork, returning home as late as she could, falling into an uneasy sleep full of monsters and tears, the once strong and determined Vanessa lost.
Aldus Green’s attitude had been the last nail in the coffin. Smug, arrogant, the child-killer walked free amongst them, a man of power with a mocking smile, extra-reserved for her. 
“Don’t let him pull you down, Vanessa. I’ve already dispatched a bunch of Undercovers to gather evidence for his connections to the crimes. He’ll face justice, and pay, I guarantee you that.”
Tom Rosenberg’s words were nothing but empty promises, Vanessa knew. The man still loved her, and in all honesty, she did too. They were getting closer again, after their meeting with Henry. And the rumours were spreading once more. 
Vanessa Rehberg is nothing more than the High Counsellor’s bitch. Completely worthless. Anyone else would have been fired, punished for the Academy’s failure. But not Tom Rosenberg’s favourite. 
The cars’ tires screeched, and four figures started walking towards her, pulling her out of her disturbing thoughts. Despite her pain, Vanessa smiled. Her chance for revenge was here. 
“Quite the scenery you picked up, honey.”
Beth shook her head at the sight of the empty building. 
“I didn’t even know that a house would cause me so much sorrow. I can’t stop thinking about this kids, you know? What are they doing, what are they feeling…”
“I know what they are feeling, Beth. Rage. More than sadness and pain. Rage. For the people who caused all this mess, and remain un-punished.” 
“Don’t we all?” 
The words, surprisingly, came out of Priscilla’s mouth. 
“I haven’t really slept since the day of the final test.”
“I think nobody has”, Peter said and hugged his wife tightly, his eyes staring straight at Vanessa’s black circles. 
“Is there something we can do?”
 Guido asked, but it wasn’t really a question. He knew very well that justice had to be served. 
Vanessa chuckled. 
“They kids are our Heroes, but we are the Heroes’ teachers. With or without an Academy. There is a plan, Guido. It’s dangerous, and highly illegal. But we owe it to this kids, and we owe it to ourselves. A chance of redemption. If you’re afraid, then go. I will not hold it against you.”
Nobody moved from his spot. They were all in this together, from the very start. Vanessa smiled, a ray of light illuminating her bleak existence. Tonight, if only for one night, she would become her old-self once more. And bring hell along with it.
“Listen carefully.”
***
The Canton Tower-19th October, 200 A.D
“Ok. See these guards over there? You’ll wait until they are exactly positioned in front of the main door… Yeah, the double glass ones with the cameras. The fucking main entrance. Seriously, just focusing a little bit on the task would help.”
 John was practically one second away from screaming on his PA. Trying to navigate Seb and Mike was proving more difficult than he’d ever thought it would. 
“Sorry John, it’s just a little difficult to focus with this thing stuck in our hoods, while pretending to be drunk. Don’t act like a baby, Ok?” 
Seb’s ironic answer didn’t help ease his frustration. 
“And I am not seeing you sir having your ass on the line, I am just seeing him and me acting like two drunk fools.”
 Mike. Bloody idiot. 
“Oh really Mike? Maybe I should just go home, since I am such a big burden? Maybe it would be more convenient for you, eh?” 
“Listen to me, you son of…” 
“Guys, is this really the most appropriate time to be fighting about the effectiveness of the plan? We all agreed to this. Stop acting like a bunch of hormone-driven idiots.”
 Amy had grabbed John’s PA, bringing order back to the team.
 “Ok, princess. Should we start now?” 
John coughed, regaining his control. 
“Yes. Start by taking it slow ok? Verbal provocations only. The more back-up they call upon you the better. When you can’t handle them anymore, just scream on your PAs and I will come to help you out. When Amy is done, then I’ll pick you up. Are we clear?”
“Over and out, boss.”
 John sighted, prayed as hard as he could to every holy presence in Canton, and closed his eyes. 
Their magnificent, well-thought plan was devised by him and was fairly simple in essence.
 A diversion created by Seb and Mike in the main Tower entrance, allowing Amy to sneak in Aldus’ Green office, searching for any hidden documents, anything really, that proved his connection with the drug circle. 
The chances were very slim, but they were baffled, with no other leads to follow. The day of their operation had been a perfect pick, since everything within a ten meter perimeter of the Tower was closed down for the preparation of the 200th Canton Anniversary.
 No people to be found, other than a few guards.
But now, as John concentrated hard, trying to determine the guards’ positions, he started having serious doubts about his “well-thought” plan. 
Too late to go back. Might as well reach the end without getting caught.
 The scene was rapidly unfolding in his mind’s eye. 
Mike and Sebastian were walking with their hoods on, slightly leaning left and right. The two guards positioned at the front entrance glanced at them. They looked drunk and doped, two hoodlums, nothing serious they couldn’t handle. Mike started leaning towards them. The right guard laughed, shaking his dead.
 “The Canton Tower’s main offices are off limits at that time, kid. For the likes of you, it’s off limits 24/7.” 
“Of you go, scum.”
 Suddenly the guard was pushed in the wall, so fast he didn’t even have a chance to fight back. 
“Who do you call a scum, dude? Do you even know who we are?”
Mike grasped the taunting guard’s collar, his breath close to his face.
 “Do you know what we can do?” 
It happened instantly. The laughing guard took up his gun and pointed it at Seb’s head, shocked beyond words. But he was too slow and Mike was ready. He transformed and punch the laughing guard straight in his stomach.
 The man collapsed as the gun escaped his hands, with Mike kicking it out of reach. In that moment both of the kids let their hoods fall and looking at each other screamed. 
“For justice.”
 The taunting guard had just enough time to press the emergency button, requesting back-up before the two kids went berserk. 
***
“Ok. Every Tower guard is on its way to Mike and Seb. I think you are free to go, Princess.”
Amy grew hesitant, looking at John with doubtful eyes. 
“Do you think they can handle them? I don’t want anyone getting killed because…”
“Then you better stop talking and start acting.”
Amy turned into smoke at once and within seconds, found herself in the 30th floor, where Aldus’ office was. She was actually familiar with the building, having visited her Uncle a few times as a kid. Hidden in the shadows, Amy looked out of the window. 
The guards tried their best to knock the boys down, but were no match for their Powers. 
“Amy turn right, now.”
 She turned and came face to face with a huge metal door, two cameras on the sides.
 “I am teleporting, John. Or the cameras will catch sign of me.”
 She didn’t have to worry about cameras once she was inside. All Counsellors’ offices were protected by the law of privacy, courtesy of Tom. The record of events in these rooms was strictly forbidden. 
“Be careful. I have difficulty seeing inside the room.” 
“With the first sign of trouble, I’m out. Promise.” 
Amy took a deep breath, and, within seconds, found herself staring directly at Green’s mahogany desk. Shaking badly, she moved with a cat’s light footsteps inside the room. 
At least I am alone.  
She opened every visible drawer. Documents of all things possible, a lot of numbers and calculations, plans about Canton, nothing incriminating.
Figures. 
Tapping and pushing in every corner, Amy’s eyes fell on a small compact safe door. She approached it cautiously, and knocked four times on the surrounding wall. A hollow sound was produced, and Amy realised the wall was fake. Exactly like her father’s old office. 
Ready or not, here I come. 
With a deep breath, Amy pushed herself, teleporting inside the wall’s secret space. And came face to face with an unbelievable sight.   
Vanessa Rehberg stood in front of her, with a bunch of papers in her hand, looking at Amy utterly speechless. 
“What are you doing here Vanessa? Are you insane? How did you even get in here? You don’t even have a Power to protect yourself.” 
It was enraging that she actually cared for Vanessa’s well-being, but it was good seeing an Instructor after so long. 
“I work here, Amy. I don’t need any Powers. Only pick-pocketing skills.”
She winked at her and pulled a little silver key out of her pocket.  
“I couldn’t stay idle anymore. Aldus managed to break me, at least for a little while. Now I am back, and he is going to pay.” 
Amy lowered her head, terribly ashamed, but moved from Vanessa’s resolve. 
“Thanks, I guess. Did you find anything helpful then?” 
“Enough to throw Aldus Green in the Underground for centuries.” 
A satisfying grin was formed in Amy’s face.
“Let’s get out of here, before they come for us. I don’t know how much Seb and Mike are going to last.”
 Vanessa’s mouth fell once again. 
“Wait, are you together? Are they the boys with the hoods causing the mess outside?” 
Amy scratched her head, embarrassed. 
“Yeah, our plan was pretty straight forward. So, is it just you or do I have to teleport another Instructor, too?”
“I am the only one in the building. The others are waiting in the car, as my back-up.”
“Well, then grab my hand. We are leaving.” 
Amy grabbed Vanessa’s arm, a little stronger than intended, and prepared herself for the take of… Nothing. 
I can’t teleport. 
“What the hell? I teleported just fine before.”
 Vanessa’s face was pale white. 
“My necklace.” 
“What about it?”
“It’s a gift from my best friend. Who happens to be our last Negator.” Something clicked in Amy’s mind, and everything suddenly made sense. 
“That’s why John couldn’t trace you in this room. I thought maybe his mind couldn’t reach that far, but it was this thing all along. And if you drop it, Aldus will know that someone had been poking around. Fuck, we’ll just have to go on foot now.” 
“Amy, just go. I was a fool for forgetting the bloody thing in my neck. This is no time for heroism. Our lives are on the line.” 
Amy grabbed her arm, holding her tight. 
 “What’s a better time for heroism if not now? You came here for us, for Val, when you had no reason to do so. We are going together. Two minds are better than one.” 
The two women walked in a fast pace, descending floor after floor, their thumbing feet the only sound in the empty Tower. A small slice of light was visible, and Amy realised that the back door was just around the corner. 
“Just a right turn now…”
A bang on her head and Amy suddenly fell on her knees, grabbing her head, screaming in pain. 
Sweet God, not again.
 She tried to teleport swiftly, but an electric current caused her to fade in black, falling unconscious. 
“Seriously, that is the second time I am knocking you out so easily, Wyatt. In the end I’m going to start pity you. If you are not already dead by then.” 
Vanessa stood frozen in front of Alice Green and a dozen private security guards. Behind them a great number of what appeared to be private bodyguards, were holding Priscilla, Pete, Guido and Beth to the ground.
 “Vanessa, run while you still can. There are too many here. We were ambushed.” 
Beth earned a punch to the gut for her rebellious warning. 
“Beth.” 
 Vanessa’s rage about her friend blinded her, and she attacked one of the guards, before Alice’s electricity made her fall on her knees.
“Ok, guys round everyone up. Let’s go meet with their co-partners in the left side. Dad is going to be thrilled tonight.”
*** 
We are going to pull this through. Just a little more. 
Mike took a good look of the remaining standing guards, Seb breathing heavily at his side. The men had tried their best to beat them, but with Mike’s and Seb’s Powers, it was an uneven match from the beginning. 
That’s it. The final blow. 
A scream pierced their ears, an agony cry coming straight from their PAs.
“GUYS, RUN!” 
John’s voice was followed from a loud thumb and a painful moan. Then every single contact was gone. Mike turned around, determined to grab Seb and run for his life, only to find his friend on his knees, strangled by a glowing white cord. 
“Seb!” 
It was the last thing that came out of Mike’s mouth. The next thing he felt was a heavy object connecting with the back of his head, and his field of vision darkened. 
Why, you fuckers… 
He tried to fight back, but somehow his body mass was decreasing, his Power fading away. Mike opened his eyes for a second, and was greeted with a malicious green. 
“Sweet dreams, kid.”
Then a fist connected with his chin, and Mike lost all consciousness.
***
 God, my head… 
John opened up his eyes slowly, his temples still pulsating, and the pain intensifying in his head. What had happened to cause him such an excruciating pain? 
Everything was going so well, with Amy heading back and the boys winning the fight. And then the sudden footsteps behind him. 
It’s a trap.
 John’s thought was as clear as the light of day, and he screamed for the guys to turn back, when someone creeped up on him, rendering him unconscious.
And I didn’t sense a thing. Not until it was too late.
John concentrated hard, but every single hint, every single presence was gone for his mind. Total emptiness. He tried to move his hands, but they were tightly tied. Cautiously, he took a peak of the fight scene. 
Alice Green and her father were talking to one other, looking nervously at the distance. Guards were all around them, regular Tower ones, and ones that looked like a part of a private guard. 
John turned his head slightly to the left, and tried hard not to scream with frustration. Mike and Sebastian were on their knees, tied with a weird glowing cord. Amy was next to them, also facing the ground, a weird white necklace hanging around her neck. 
Right next to Amy was Vanessa Rehberg. Not only her, but all the Instructors were lined there, side by side, tied up.
How did we end up like this?
Alice Green turned her head towards John, smiling. 
“Look Father, I think even the last one of them is awake now.”
“It seems we have a full house here tonight, honey. Instructors and rebellious students alike. What Canton has come to, I wonder.”
“Don’t forget stupid girls, who get burned twice.” 
Amy stared at Alice, her eyes filled with hatred. 
“When the night is done, so will you, Green. Remember my words.”
 A guard hit her straight in the gut, and Amy spat blood. 
“YOU FUCKING MONSTER. I’ll kill you.” 
Sebastian was out of control, maybe for the first time in his life, but, weirdly enough, wouldn’t run. 
Or can’t.
Aldus laughed heartily, puffing his chest. 
“Who said chivalry is dead? There are still gentlemen around us, it seems. Such a shame you are a bunch of idiots.”
Vanessa stared at Aldus with two deadly eyes, and he gave her his brightest of smiles.
“What’s wrong darling? You can’t handle a little slice of truth? You really thought I wasn’t going to find out about your little “plans”? I have eyes and ears everywhere. I knew you were poking around my office. You thought I was going to comply with your boyfriend’s “no cameras” policy? My cameras are all over the place.” 
Aldus turned his head and faced John. 
“And you, lad, the last son of the Lucas family, such a disappointment. I was mildly amused when my guards informed me of some shady individuals outside my mansion. A bunch of kids. I knew you were going to make your move, sooner or later. The fact that you all decided to be here on the same day, is just a happy coincidence for me.” 
“Shut up.”
The words came out of Vanessa’s mouth, loud and clear. 
A look of disbelief was all over Aldus’ face. 
“What did you say to me?”
“I said, shut the fuck up. I can’t listen to the disgusting voice of a killer a moment longer. You dare talk about disappointments? Look at yourself. At what you’ve became. You killed Valentine Stone. You destroyed Henry’s life. And those negating cords, you stole them from him, didn’t you? Or rather send your monkeys to do the job for you. You’re not even man enough to do it yourself.”
Everyone held their breaths, as Aldus Green walked towards Vanessa, who looked at him defiantly.  He kneeled in front of her, and slapped her once. 
The collective shouts and curses earned John and his companions a few hits from the guards. Aldus held Vanessa’s chin and turned her around, so their faces were centimetres from each other. 
“It’s true darling. I stole White’s weapons. And I gave the order for that whore to be killed. No one should even think of hurting my daughter and get away with it. I heard she exploded into a million pieces. Just like your friend Eva did.”
Vanessa’s eyes were suddenly filled with tears.
“You know, Vanessa, I never liked you. I never understood what Tom found in you. Almost four years together, wasn’t it? You are nothing but a filthy whore, who gained her position by opening her legs to the High Counsellor. I hope you were a great fuck, because that is the only way you were going to worth the trouble.”
 Vanessa’s tears were silently streaming down her face.
“When Tom finds out about this, he is going to kill you.” 
“We’ll have to wait and see about that, don’t we honey? He’ll be here shorty.” 
“You called Tom Rosenberg? Here?”
Amy’s surprised and alarmed voice broke the tension. 
Aldus looked at her indifferently. 
“Yes, I did. And I am pretty sure he is going to be really happy, seeing his faithful Instructors and chosen students in an attempt to frame an innocent man for a crime he didn’t commit. Right after the attempt on his daughter’s life.” 
“Tom will never fall for this. We have found the evidence that connect you…”
“Oh you mean the fake papers I planted in my office in order to fool you? Alice, dear will you be kind enough to dispose of them?” 
Alice took the documents in her hand and with a flash of electricity, burned them to crisp. 
Vanessa cursed between her teeth. 
The screeching of the car tires made everyone turn their heads. Tom literally sprung out of the car and ran towards the gathered, halting his step as he came closer.
 He tried to approach the prisoners, but the guards stopped him immediately.
 “What? If you just let me pass through, that would be great. Aldus, what is going on here? Care to enlighten me as to why my officials are wounded and tied-up?”
 Aldus stopped Tom with a protective move of his arm.
 “Don’t come any closer, Tom. These people, they tried to defile my office, in order to frame me about crimes I didn’t commit. After the attempt of my daughter’s life, they tried to hurt me too. I had to defend myself. Do you realise what a bunch of snakes were hidden inside your office?”
“Why didn’t you call the officials then? And did you really have to hurt them this bad? And where the hell did you find Henry’s cords?” 
Aldus’ face changed. He turned his back on Tom and looked at his prisoners.
“Now you tell those guards of yours to step down, and untie everyone. And then, maybe, we can talk about what happened tonight.” 
Tom’s threatening voice was enough for the guards to falter. But Aldus still stood his ground. 
 “Well you see, Tom, I could do that…” 
He turned swiftly, abruptly, and punched the High Counsellor right in the face. Tom didn’t fall, but stood his ground instead and kicked Aldus Green straight in the stomach. No matter what people thought, he was no pushover. 
Alice Green screamed and attacked Tom with a current, powerful enough to send him flying. He fell flat on the ground, breathing heavily. 
Vanessa’s face was turned to stone. Tom was still alive, but another electric shock would kill him. The weapons of all the guards were directed straight at his face, with Aldus Green coming directly above his head, blood trickling from his mouth. 
“Who would have thought you still have it in you, Tom. I thought that bitch had completely destroyed you. There is still a little courage left in you. And you were smart once. Even though I always thought your brother is ten times the man you are.”
He wiped his chin with the back of his hand, and turned to face his daughter. 
“It’s high time someone else took charge around here. Alice, my dear, finish him.” 
Alice Green waved her arms above her head, creating a beautiful, deadly electrical current. 
“Nothing personal.”
 Her electricity flew past the guards, heading directly at Tom’s vulnerable torso. A dark figure moved swiftly like a shadow, placing herself between the High Counsellor and the current running straight at him. Val waved her arms, her own blue aura countering Alice’s attack. 
Screams pierced the silence of the night, screams of joy from the prisoners, panic from the guards. And one single desperation scream from Alice Green’s mouth. 
“YOU ARE DEAD!”
“Apparently not.”
Val raised her arm and Alice’s chest gave in to the pressure of her Power, flying straight over the prisoner’s heads, ending up with her back against the cold, hard floor.
A few guards moved towards the fallen girl, but Aldus stood still, his eyes glued to the still-breathing Rosenberg. And Val. His daughter was too young to understand, but he knew exactly why Valentine Stone was glowing bright in the night, her body’s outline painted in a light-blue colour. 
“They told me you died. And my men never lie to me. How? How can you still be alive?” he snarled at her, his face red. 
Val smirked. 
“Mediums don’t die that easily, Aldus.” 
The guards were already raising their guns against her, but they were slow and scared. The Power flew out of Val’s body, transforming itself into two flexible, whip-like lines. 
The girl lashed against the six guards, hitting their weapons, cutting them in half. The guards who still got a chance to shoot were countered by Val’s protective outline shield. The aura surged through her body, and she felt invincible, fighting her enemies, while listening to the cheers of her friends. 
The last two guards run away scared, under Aldus surprised shouts. He slowly stepped backwards, trying to reach his wounded daughter who was now beginning to recover. 
Not so fast.  
“You are not getting away that easily, Aldus. Not a man with so many crimes on his record as yourself.” 
Val’s palm produced an energy wave, which light up her whole face and body. It was then than John saw. Two massive figures approaching Val, hidden from the Tower’s shadow. 
“Valentine, look out! Behind you!” 
John screamed, but it was already too late. Val turned, her energy still in her hand, and Toby punched her right in the gut, shouting with pleasure. The girl doubled up from pain, losing all momentum. The next punch found her straight in the ribs, and Val fell on her knees, screaming. 
“You shouldn’t have messed with us in the first place, Valentine.”
Toby’s fists were raised once again, looming threateningly over Val’s head… 
Henry’s staff connected with his lower jaw, the crackling sound of breaking bone filling the air. A second swift hit on the head and the boy fell on his back, screaming and crying. 
“HENRY????” 
The collective shouts of the Instructors was heard, their faces full of excitement. Expect Vanessa’s. She just stared at the man, her mouth forming a round O. 
“You know this guy?” Mike asked, and Peter nodded. 
Henry apparently was oblivious to the shouts, because he headed straight for Val, helping her stand up from the ground. 
“Is that what I taught you, Valentine? To be beaten by a mindless goon?”
“Just what the fuck you think you’re doing here?”
“Making sure you’re staying alive.”
“How…”
Henry shook his head. 
“Now it’s not the right time for small talk. He’s running away.”
He pointed at Aldus running towards the left side of the Tower, in an attempt to escape his fate.
“Henry, untie the others. I’m going after him. No way is this fucker escaping…”
Val’s sentence was cut in half, a thunderbolt grazing her left chin. 
“The fuck…”
Alice was already standing up, obviously ready for a fight. 
“Why don’t you sit there, and wait until your father’s monkeys save you, Alice?” 
“No-one has to save me. I will kill you with my own hands.” 
She charged against Val with all her strength. The electricity was burning bright, making Val’s skin crawl, but there was no avoiding it. She stood her ground, covering herself with her blue shield, and unleashed a destructive projection of her Power, which clashed with Alice’s current. 
The Powers nullified themselves and a thousand sparks, like festive fireworks filled the air. Val pushed Alice hard, and the girl hit the ground once again, crying. She got up immediately, and with eyes full of malice, starting running towards her father. 
Not this time, bitch. 
“Go, kid. Don’t let her get away this time.”
Val run towards her childhood enemy, ready to end this tale of revenge once and for all. 
***
15. Revenge
“Oh my God, Henry, it’s so good to see you.” 
Beth was hugging him warmly. It felt good to be back indeed. His head turned towards the four young faces who looked at him, mesmerized. 
“So, let me do a little bit of guesswork here. Amy, Sebastian, Mike and…”
He took a good look at the handsome guy with the glasses and the attitude.
“John.”
They all nodded, their mouths hanging open. 
“So here’s what we’re going to do. Aldus tries to escape, and he probably has back-up. We need to hurry. But…” 
His hand caught Amy’s arm before she teleported, stopping her right on her tracks. 
“We’re stop acting like hot-headed fools, and stay together. Understood?”
Amy sulked, but nodded in agreement. One head injury was enough for a life time. 
“What about Valentine? Can at least follow her and say, help her, if she needs to?”
John the knight. 
Henry turned his head and looked at a wounded and pretty shaken Tom. Vanessa was at his side, his head on her lap, trying to make contact with her cell phone. Her tries were in vain, since Aldus had closed down any local communication lines. They were on their own.
“John, you’ll stay with High Counsellor Rosenberg. You are the only one who can protect him right now. The Instructors are coming with me, and so are you three.” 
“Henry…” Pete’s worried voice was heard behind him. 
“We have a problem.”
The black vans appeared around their corner, their tires screeching from the braking force. At least ten enormous black vehicles, with huge double doors which opened rather hastily, violently. Ribbons came out of every single van, until there were more than hundred people facing them directly. Some were laughing, armed to the brim, some were screaming wildly. In front of them was Aldus Green, shouting orders. 
“Ok. No panic. No stress. Deep breaths…”
“Henry…” 
“I’m trying to think!”
“Can you please look behind you?” 
He followed Sebastian’s finger, gazing in the distance. And he saw them. There were people, many people, coming directly at them, all dressed and black and white. 
No. Not ordinary people. Heroes.
“How? Aldus has cut down…”
“All communications, I know. But not our PAs. They are my specialty. Unstoppable.”
Amy hugged him so tight, the poor fellow looked like he would burst from joy. Henry laughed despite of himself. 
He looked in front of him, to the shouting Ribbons, still oblivious to their fate. 
“Kids, let’s get to it.”
***
 Fires were shot. Ribbons with melee weapons and knives took up the front, thrusting and kicking at the kids. Armed private guards were shouting orders. But they were no match for the Academy. 
A full blown attack was launched from the students and the Ribbons realised after a short while, how badly outnumbered they were. 
“Be careful with the white shiny cords. They are absorbing your Powers. When you see one of those, leave them to me.”
Henry was their main leader, already catching quite a few eyes. 
“Who’s the handsome guy, Seb?” asked Mandy in between her hits. 
“Henry White, the last of the Negators. Val’s friend or something similar. He came after her.”
“Val is alive?” said Mandy, surprised.
 A Ribbon tried to take advantage of her, and received a straight face punch for his insolence. 
“Why the hell didn’t you mention that in the first place?” 
“Mandy, we have a lot on our hands right now, ok. We’ll talk about it later. Now, focus. Aldus Green wants to get away.”
Aldus’ face was pale, and he was shaking from fear. Very few of his army was now still standing, and they wouldn’t hold much longer. He stumbled backwards, right into one of the vans. 
“He’s mine.”
Vanessa appeared between Seb and Mike. Her stare was lethal. She grabbed Sebastian’s waist, holding on to him tight.
 “Take me there.”
Mike gave him a frightened look. Seb could only comply with her words. “Yes, ma’am.” 
***
Aldus stood right in front of the vehicle, ready to abort mission. He didn’t care about the Ribbons, he didn’t even care about his stupid daughter, who had managed to piss off Aurelia’s medium. She had to get herself out of this alone. 
The only thing he did regret was not killing that idiot Rosenberg and his little cocksucker. It would have been a pleasure to witness Vanessa’s face, when her lover’s brains were all over the floor. 
Aldus never heard the footsteps behind him, pre-occupied with his wishful thinking. He turned around to take a good final look in the battlefield, when Vanessa’s merciless punch found him right under his jaw, a hit that made him spit teeth all over the ground. 
“You’re not going anywhere, Aldus.” 
She struck again, harder this time, in his unprotected belly, a hit that stopped his breath and made him double up in half, falling on his knees. 
“You… you… whore.” 
Vanessa looked at him with hate and a tiny bit of pity. 
“I hope you’ll have a nice time in the Underground, Aldus.”  
***
Amy punched and kicked indiscriminately, her hormones out of control. Her enemies were an endless sea of faces, and sometimes, she would see her father or brother amongst. She kicked those few poor bastards extra hard.
 She looked over the hill and saw Mike and Mandy annihilating a bunch of full-armoured guards. 
That bastards get all the action and I am left here with the small fries.
 And there were not so many of them left too. Everyone was either on the ground, or slowly falling back, in order to save their lives.
 Amy pushed the Quick-Call for John’s PA. 
“Amy, hi.”
“Is everything alright, John? Is he alright?”
Small pause. 
“We’re fine over here. We are protected and our Instructors just joined us.” 
“What about Val?”
“She is pursuing Alice, Amy. She is fine and Alice is pretty hurt. I think she is going to be alright.”
“John… I can see Mike a little further front, but I can’t see Sebastian.”
Her heart was beating fast and loud from fear. If something were to happen... 
“He is fine. Just helping Vanessa destroy Aldus Green. Doing a pretty good job, too.”
A perfect smile of satisfaction formed in Amy’s face. She hoped the bastard would rot for what he did to all of them. Vanessa and her uncle, mostly. 
“I guess they won’t be denying a little bit of help. Then I am checking out on Val.” 
Her plan was unravelled in front of her. First, Sebastian. Then, Val. 
Amy grinned wildly. It was a good day after all.
***
Val was short of breath in the opening of Tower’s Observatory, with Alice standing a few meters away. She had been trying to escape all along, finally realising that there was nowhere to run. 
Their little cat and mouse game was over. Alice had tried to confuse Val, by chasing her direction, bursting into the Tower instead of running straight to her father. They had been exchanging hits for a number of floors as they run the huge staircase, until Alice opened up the Observatory’s door and hurdled herself in. 
She stood at the rail’s edge, wounded, completely out of breath and looked at Val with hatred, but also a flicker of fear. Even the stubborn Alice Green could feel that Val had finally won. 
“There is nowhere to run anymore, Alice. Just surrender, or I’ll have to drug you to the Underground myself.” 
“The hell if I let you drug me anywhere, you bitch. You have no right… Someone pathetic, a coward like you, being Aurelia’s medium. It’s outraging!”
“A coward because I didn’t want to hurt people? Because I am not a sadistic piece of shit like yourself?”
Val screamed the last part at her face, her careful steps slowly covering the distance between her and Alice. 
Just a little more. 
Alice smirked.
 “That’s what you never understood Val. What I always tried to teach you, without success. The only real power in this world is manipulation. You think you will impose yourself with love? Kindness? Heroism? No-one respects you for those traits. Fear is the only thing that counts.”
“And yet I am still standing. And you are ready to fall. No matter what you say, Alice, your methods have failed you. My friends are down there, fighting for me. Even your own father left you behind. You are alone.” 
Alice’s eyes clouded and her smirk was gone. The face of utter sorrow was one Val had never witnessed before. 
“My dad…left me.” 
Val took the last few steps towards the Observatory’s edge. 
“Step down, Alice. There is nowhere to run anymore.”
“There is one place, however.”
Alice spoke absent-mindedly, seemingly to herself. She turned her back on Val, and took one last step on the ledge, her feet practically dangling over the edge. 
“Not so nice meeting you, Val.”
She let her body fall, pulled by gravity. 
Val run quickly towards the flying girl, her whips already extending from her hands. She was going to catch Alice and bring her to the Underground, where she belonged. 
You’re not dying without facing justice, you bitch.
She unleased her Power and caught a hold of Alice flying body, pulling her up with all her weight. And then she felt it. It came in a matter of seconds, but Val witnessed it in slow motion, just like a man facing his last agonising moments. 
Alice’s electricity surged through Val’s aura whips. It run with incredible speed, passing through the girl’s Power, heading straight for her body. 
I am going down but you’re coming with me. 
That’s what the current hitting Val’s body said. 
Alice Green’s last stand.
The pain of electrocution was excruciating, magnified by Val’s own Power waves. She let go of Alice’s body, but it was already too late. Her seizures were uncontrollable. Death was unavoidable. 
Two hands were on her, protecting her from the destructive effects of Alice’s Power. Val felt her own body closing down, her aura disappearing. She was empty. But alive. 
Thank the Deities for the Institute’s best invention. The Negator. 
 Henry hugged her tightly, pulling her away from the ledge. Val’s tears came unexpectedly, for the injustice of Alice’s demise. 
“She fell… I… I tried… to stop her… But…”
She was still stammering from the shock. Henry kissed her forehead. 
“I know, kid. And she tried her best to take you with her. Good thing she failed in the end.” 
“But… but… she’ll never pay for her crimes now.”
“Death is the ultimate punishment, Valentine. Trust me.” 
Val buried her wet face in his chest, as the crying shook her. Her tears stung her cheeks, but her heart was light as a feather. She was finally free. 
***
Epilogue
The Canton Tower- 10:00, 27th October, 200 A.D
Vanessa observed the people walking in front of the Tower’s entrance. Families with kids, couples with their dogs, even some lonely people, like her.
She had been sitting in the Tower’s main stairway for a long time, lost in thought, feeling more like a teenager than a thirty-three-year old woman. 
The events of the last week wouldn’t leave her mind no matter how much she tried. Everything happening so fast, the Council changing at its very core.
Aldus Green was send in the Underground, found guilty of high treason. His last action was to witness the burying of his daughter. 
Aldus’ estates, offices and private property were searched thoroughly, confirming his connections with the Red Ribbon, the drug dealing empire and a couple of mysterious deaths and disappearances on the Sky Mountains. 
After the revelations, every member of the Council was interrogated, as well as every single person of authority in Canton. The traitors were disposed, and the innocent remained. No more hidden snakes in Tom Rosenberg’s lair. But still…
Why do I have this ugly feeling in my chest? 
Vanessa wasn’t an intuitive person, leaning more towards the practical side of the scale. But the churn in her stomach wouldn’t go away, no matter how hard she tried. And the nightmares that tormented her every night, dreams of people dying screaming in the Mountains and Magenta laughing. 
She heard the sound of steps and felt Tom’s hand on her shoulder, a touch she welcomed. He sat beside her in the shaded steps. 
“It’s nice to watch them go by isn’t it? Oblivious to all?”
My thoughts exactly, boss. 
“How are you hanging on?”
Tom had noticed the dark circles in her eyes and her unusual silence.
“Pretty well I guess. All things considered. I just can’t help but wonder if everything is truly over.”
“Vanessa, Aldus is in jail. He was connected with everything, the drugs, the murders. He had powerful friends in high places, but they’ve all been found and apprehended. I have to admit I feel pretty safe now, and I was the one almost killed.”
Vanessa shuddered at the thought, but Tom just smiled, pulling her closer with his left arm.  
“The attack belongs to the past. There is nothing to worry about anymore.” 
“Then what about our Heroes, Tom? The ones you so proudly presented to the people of Canton seven days ago? With Aurelia’s blessing, and fireworks and everything? Our Holy Deity herself said she felt Magenta stirring again. How am I supposed to believe we are completely safe?”
Tom had no answer to her question. Nobody did. Or didn’t want to. 
Time of a subject change.  
“So, when do you think our Council is going to start working again? For real?” 
“What do you mean?”
“I am talking about Aldus’ position. We are one Counsellor short if you haven’t notice.” 
Tom’s face lightened up all of a sudden.
“Did I say something funny, Tom?” 
“Sort of. We’ve already found our 12th Counsellor.”
“Really. Who is the lucky one?” 
“You.”
Vanessa jumped from her sit so fast, Tom’s arm was almost ripped apart.
“What? Why?”
“Why? What kind of question is that? Who else have been through hell the last few months and survived it? Who went against everything and exposed Aldus Green? Who is more trustworthy?” 
Vanessa just stood there looking at him, speechless.
“Vanessa, I don’t understand. This was your ultimate goal. Your biggest dream. Aren’t you happy?”
 Aldus’ words suddenly pierced Vanessa’s mind. 
 You opened your legs to him, that’s why you have a position of power. You have no worth of your own, you little cocksucker. 
Tom took a good look at her face, and finally realised the reason of her concerns. He sighted and stood up, shaking his head. 
“You still thing I’m favouring you, because of our past?”
“I never said…”
“If you think my judgement as a High Counsellor is that clouded, then you can always deny the position. But you can’t let the whispers destroy your life, Vanessa. They’ve caused enough damage to our lives already.” 
Tom started ascending the steps, his shoulders low, only to be stopped by Vanessa. She grasped his arm roughly, and grinned at him. 
“The hell I’m going to say no to a Counsellor position, Tom. You know how hard I’ve worked for this? I am just concerned about your new Assistant, that’s all. You can’t do shit on your own, you know that.” 
“You don’t have to worry about that at all. I’ve already picked up my new Assistant. And he just so happens to be thrilled about his new position. We connected deeply on that fateful night, John and I.”
“John Lucas is going to be your new assistant?” 
Vanessa’s mouth hung open from surprise.
 Tom nodded casually. 
“Of course. He can read minds, Vanessa. Seriously, what’s better than that?”
An assistant with a Power. A truly good idea.
 “Well, in that case, I also happen to know the perfect guy to assist me.”
***
The New Academy -11:00, 30th October, 200 A.D
“John, you are looking completely classy. Seriously.”
 Mike admired John in his new Assistant attire, a white shirt with casual jeans, and a smart, not-too-official jacket. 
“I mean, you are born to be in a noble profession. It’s in your blood. Not like that other idiot.”
Seb stood a few steps further, talking with Amy, who was concentrated on fixing the collar of his shirt. He stuck his tongue at Mike, earning a grandiose middle finger in return.
“Well, it is a big achievement though, two of us working on the Council,” John admitted. 
“Yeah, we must have done a pretty good job on that night, haven’t we?” Mike wondered. 
“We did the best we could. Which was more than enough. I mean Canton did celebrate our existence with fireworks and drinks. And we’ll only get better after that.”
“Proud words coming out of the mouth of a desert hermit.”
Val laughed heartily at Mike’s comment. She loved seeing her friends excited once more. Together again, like they used to.
“At least now you can take care of my stupid Uncle. John, make sure he won’t get any more hits in the head, ok?”
“Will do.”
Amy’s eyes were turned up, straight at Seb’s face. 
“And you make sure Vanessa Rehberg doesn’t seduce you, ok?”
Seb pulled her closer, and their lips locked in a sweet kiss, earning the enraged shouts of Mike.
“Man, seriously a warning would be appreciated.” 
Val’s stomach hurt from laughter. But she was truly happy for Amy and Seb. So much had changed the past month, but at least the two of them had found happiness by finding each other. The fact brought a warm feeling to her chest.
“The singles will give you some space, guys ok?”
Val took Mike and John by the arms, and the three exited the room, laughing hysterically.
“My best friend is gone,” Mike said wiping the tears of his eyes.
Mandy caught up with them in their way to the main Hall. After their victory against the Green family, the Academy was once again open and ready to function. With the major difference that the Heroes were now allowed to leave and return whenever they pleased. A majority of teammates had decided to stay at their own homes, but Val needed no apartment anymore. Her home was right here. 
 “Hi, my three babies. Left the two lovebirds get alone and naughty, I presume?”
Mandy raised her eyebrows cunningly. 
“Even Mandy makes fun of us now. I can’t take this humiliation anymore.”
“Go suck one, Mike. I actually came for our High Assistant here. Johnnie, a girl is outside these two doors, wanting desperately to see you. Dark skin, black eyes. Pretty. Do you know her?” 
Val and Mike looked at him, speechless. John turned his back, facing his shoes. 
“I might know her, yes. See you later, guys, ok?” 
John walked hastily towards the front doors and Mike shook his head. 
“We’re now alone in the world, sweetie.”
“Mike, promise me something. If we are thirty and still single, we’ll marry each other.”
“Deal.”
 Mandy sighted. 
“Will you both stop being such cry-babies? Your other halves will come, in time. Trust the expert.” 
Mike and Val looked at each other doubtfully. 
“Anyway, Mike you promised you’ll help us in training? I don’t suppose you’d forgotten about that?”
“Of course not. I always keep my promises, sweet bee. Are you coming, my future wife to be?”
I still have some unfinished business.
“I need to do something first.”
***
Henry turned around, admiring himself at the mirror.
Dressed in black pants, white casual T-shirt and a comfortable black biker’s jacket, he felt clean and strong. Like being his old self again.
It’s high time you found your old self again.
He heard the soft tapping at the door and went to answer it, surprised. 
Vanessa stood in front of him, dressed formally, ready for work. 
“Hi, Henry.”
His heart thumbed on his chest, and shame took over him. He hadn’t spoken with Vanessa after the Tower’s incident. God knows, how much he’d tried. The others had already forgiven him, acting like the past year never happened. But some wounds run deeper than others.
“Congratulations, Vanessa. I heard from Peter and I was so happy. Everything you’ve ever dreamed of, finally.”
Her eyes were wet as she turned and faced him. 
“Not everything is like I’ve dreamt it. I always have thought that you’ll be by my side, celebrating with me. I’ve never expected… this.”
Henry instinctively hugged her, before Vanessa had a chance to pull back.
“I want things to be like before, Vanessa. You are my best friend. I isolated myself, spoke badly, almost killed myself. But I only lied for Valentine’s sake. Green had connections everywhere. If you and Tom knew, she would be dead.”
“I know.”
“So can we please try and make it work? Like we’ve always did? I promise you, this is the first and last chance you’ll ever give me.”
Vanessa smiled, carefully wiping her eyes. 
“I suppose one single chance never hurt anybody. We can try, yes. I… I have to go now, it’s my first day, and I don’t want to be late…”
“Just a moment.”
Henry walked hastily to his drawers and took out a tiny necklace, Vanessa’s lucky negating charm. He carefully tied it around his best friend’s neck. 
“For protection.”
“For protection,” Vanessa whispered and, with a turning of her back, she left. 
Henry closed the door, and reached for his bed, when he heard the soft tapping again. 
“Did you forget something, Van…” He stopped his sentence midway. “Valentine?”
“Sorry. Am I interrupting something? I thought you were done with Vanessa.”
“Kid, are you spying on me?”
“Fuck you, old-man. If someone is spying, then that someone is you.”
She stuck out her tongue and Henry burst out laughing. 
“Our magnificent Hero, ladies and gentlemen. Anyway, are you coming in? This room is Instructor-issued, and has a really sweet balcony…”
“I have a better idea.”
***
“So, this is where Alice tried to kill you?”
“Yeah. The first time.”
Henry and Val were sitting at the Atrium bench, admiring the forest below. The sun glittered in the treetops, giving the room a pleasant warmness through the looking glass. 
“Thank the Deities I’m staying here to protect you from now on.”
“I feel safer already, Instructor White.” 
Val’s tone was ironical, but she really felt better with Henry around. If he hadn’t been in that roof, she would be a goner. And the others could also use his martial expertise. 
“How did it go with Vanessa?”
Henry sighted. 
“Pretty good, I guess. If you think how much I hurt her that day in the cottage. What about your friends?”
“They’re dealing with the whole thing perfectly, I think. After the whole Tower incident, we all stayed in the Lucas Mansion for a while. We had time to talk things through, everything that happened while I was gone. Sebastian and Amy are a couple now, so they’re flying through pink clouds.”
They both laughed at the sheer silliness of the thought. 
“Mike thought I was dead, so he harboured this guilty attitude for a while. But they were all supposed to think I was dead. That was the only way for me to secretly track their moves, and meet them at the Tower that day. But now everything is back to normal.”
“What about your boyfriend? The High Assistant.”
“Henry, he is not my boyfriend. Seriously, John has a girlfriend.”
“Ouch. I’m sorry, kid.” 
But he wasn’t sorry, not a tiny bit. He was relieved. And then he felt guilty about his inappropriate relief.
“We’ve caught all the bad guys.”
Val’s ironic comment surprised Henry deeply. Mainly because it reflected his feelings. 
“You think there’s more to it than the official Council announcement.”
“We’re here Henry. The Heroes are back. Of course there’s more to it. Is just that… remember Leonel Lucas? The crazy theorist on TV?”
Henry nodded and chuckled. “The Theorists” was their favourite trashy TV show, and Leonel Lucas one of their favourite theorists. Total wacko.
“Of course I do. Why?”
“I asked John about him. He is his uncle, not some distant third-cousin or something, his father’s brother. And actually really smart. He’s read stuff so rare, books restricted from the Council. So I had this little thought. Leonel Lucas claims that Deities control our lives in ways we cannot imagine. That they guide people from the shadows, even your friends or family members. And that their ultimate purpose is war, with us as their soldiers. What if he is right? What if we are just pawns to an unseen game?”
Every hair in Henry’s body stood straight and cold sweat dripped from his forehead. 
She knows. What you are up to, what you’ve been doing for all the years of your life.  
“Henry? Henry, wake up. What the hell?”
Val shook him hard and Henry returned to reality once more. 
“Are you alright?”
“I’m sorry, Valentine. The thought just overtook me for a second.”
She smiled at him, and hugged him tightly. Even for ten seconds, Henry felt this warm feeling in his chest, one he thought he’d lost a long time ago. 
“It’s not like we’re going to have a war tomorrow. It’s just a theory. Relax.”
“I just hope, if Leonel Lucas is right and a war breaks out… I hope we’ll be able to change our fates Val. And win.”
Val broke their hug, somewhat embarrassed. She looked towards the forest, her face red from excitement. 
“By the way, you never told me how you found me that night at the Tower.”
Henry grinned.
“Magic.”  
***
 “Why are you crying, Valentine? Everything ended up well, and you are still alive. Are you not satisfied?” 
“Yes, of course, it’s just…”
“Do you still feel guilty about the Green girl? You don’t have to. It was her decision.” 
The black-haired girl sat next to her, observing the increasingly cold wind and the, now scarce, flowers.
 The beginning of winter. Even in this field. Even in this dream. 
Val turned her head, wiping her tears with the back of her palm, and smiled at her companion. She felt better seeing the girl, warmer somehow. 
“Aren’t you cold? Summer is already gone by.”
“I am used to it”, said the girl, and for the first time, she looked truly sad.
Val hugged her tightly and the little one tried to get away, surprised.
“It’s not easy to escape my arms, sweetheart.”
The girl stopped fighting, crawling deeper in her hug instead.
“Thank you for all the times you saved me. You are always taunting me, but you are actually a good person.” 
It was the girl’s turn to cry. Her tears were hot on Val’s shirt. They sat together for a while, until the sun had almost set. 
“I have to go, Valentine.”
“Will you tell me your name, at least? Before you go?” 
“We will meet again, soon enough. But please, be careful. It’s not over. You have a long way ahead of you.”
“I know. But I am not afraid. I have my friends. And you. And as long as you are here to guide me, everything will be alright.”
###

I would like personally like to thank every single person who read this book, yes, including you, dear reader. The first book is already at an end, by I’ll make sure to finish the second one as soon as possible. Thanks for making my dream possible. See you soon.







