


Copyright Page

Can’t Stop—Smoke
By Claudy Conn

Copyright © 2019 by Claudy Conn at Smashwords
Edited by: Alicia Carmical
Cover Artist: Dawn Sullivan
All rights reserved

Published in the United States of America

Can’t Stop—Wanting
By Claudy Conn

Copyright © 2020 by Claudy Conn 
Edited by: Alicia Carmical
Cover Artist: Dawn Sullivan
All rights reserved

Published in the United States of America

http://www.claudyconn.com

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Names, characters, and events depicted in this book are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, places, organizations, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental and beyond the intent of the author.

No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the author.

CONTENTS
Copyright

SMOKE
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Epilogue


WANTING
Prelude
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Epilogue
Sneak Peek

About Claudy








Prologue:

THE FIRST TIME I SAW him, I stood in a dark corner of the lower galley of the paranormal club known as Hazard.
The dance floor overflowed with every kind of supernatural that resided in New Orleans. The pulse was erotic. Everyone seemed bent on letting loose and having a good time. 
And then, he stepped out of a black cloud.
I couldn’t tear my eyes away as I watched him walk up to the massive bar, with a swagger all his own. He surveyed the surroundings of the infamous club. His glance went wide, and then high to the upper galley where all the tables and chairs were taken.
Besides freezing me in my tracks with his holy good gosh, good looks, I noticed he didn’t smile. His expression seemed…confident, maybe even arrogant. He behaved as though he owned the world jazzing all around him. 
He actually did. He owned Hazard, and maybe, some of the patrons as well. 
I had heard a great deal about him. His name was Grail Wilder, though the supernaturals called him, “The Dark Lord”. The talk was that he was the most dangerous supernatural in all of Louisiana, but especially here in his home base of New Orleans. 
I had heard very few paranormals ever tried to cross him and those that did…if they lived, regretted that decision.
I looked him over again. I was intrigued by the height and breadth of the man, by the black layered waves of hair that fell to his shoulders, by his mannerisms. Something about the way he moved sent shivers through me.
I had come to this place—this club that catered to any and all paranormals out of sheer boredom. 
I wasn’t bored anymore.
I tried not to stare at him and picked up my shot of vodka and drank it down.
A bushy-haired guy who barely hid the fact that he was a werewolf sidled over to me and said, “Hey blondie, can I buy you another?”
“No, but thanks,” I told him. I didn’t come to mingle. I didn’t come to dance. I came to Hazard to have a look at the Dark Lord. I had heard enough to make me curious.
He shrugged and said, “Maybe another time.”
He was nice. I don’t do nice, and for that matter, I don’t do bad either. Sadly, I haven’t done anyone in a very long time. I have my reasons for being a loner, but I like to be kind when I can, so I said, “May…be.”
He grinned and I glanced back at the man I had been inquisitive enough to come to check out and was taken aback to find that the Dark Lord’s bright blue eyes were on me. Wait, not just looking my way, but looking me over. I shivered again.
Our gazes locked and against my will, that shiver turned into a tingle that shook my nerves with anticipation. Anticipation? Oh yeah, because he was walking right toward me.
A sexy redheaded giving off the scent of a witch, in a sequenced spaghetti strapped blue dress, stepped in front of him. She put her hand to the V opening of his black silk shirt which opened and neatly displaying a series of tattoos over his wide and tantalizing chest. 
The redhead who was a good four inches taller than I, got onto the toes of her silver four inch high heels, put her arms around his neck and kissed him full on the mouth. 
I was surprised to see that he didn’t join her in that kiss. Instead, he picked her up by her trim waist and set her aside and continued coming at me.
All my girly parts were on high alert. He was hot. Damn oh damn, I was hot for him. This was wrong, all wrong. I didn’t come here for a…connection. I don’t get involved and sex, well, for me, that is getting involved. Aw hell. Here he was, and I felt myself turn into a burning mess of desire. 
He towered over me. He would because though I am just five-five standing on bare feet, he looked to be six ft. six.
His scent engulfed me. It made me take a longer sniff. What was that? Not brimstone, and yet, something burning, alluring and masculine. Yes, I picked up on sage and all at once it came to me in a rush and I knew, it was the scent of campfire wood, maybe pine, slowly burning. Oh, but his scent wound its way around my body and all I wanted to do was lean in and keep sniffing.
He moved with easy grace for such a large man, but his manner was predatory. I got a mental picture of myself in his embrace and the fantasy made my knees feel like jello. Sinking into his arms would be so comfortable…?
That made me smirk to myself. Comfort? He looked like he could give a whole lotta comfort to a woman. I couldn’t stop myself from breathing in his aura as he got closer because his scent—aura, whatever, was intoxicating.
 “Finally,” he said quietly. “I have been waiting for you, Ms. Smokie McGuire.”
How did he know my name? What did he mean, he had been waiting for me?
“Have you?” I answered at my coolest though I didn’t feel cool, not one bit.
He smiled and it occurred to me that he was so very sophisticated. He purposely and slowly looked me over from the top of my blonde head to my little silver heels and offered, “I’m Grail Wilder.” He cocked his head towards the crowded dance floor. “I would love for you to dance with me before we sit and talk.” 
Holy shit! Dance with him? Sit and talk? Sorcerers of his reputation never bothered with creatures like myself. 
You see, I’m a vampire with only two years under my belt. 
I was turned against my will by my best friend, Sharon, because she didn’t want to see me die. I would have died. A powerful vampire had selected me for a snack, and that snack ended up being a seven course dinner.  
Sharon got to me in time, just before I took my last breath. I didn’t want to be a vampire. I begged her to let me die, but she wouldn’t. She said she couldn’t. 
My best friend, a born-vampire, said it was all her fault that he had gone after me. She told me in that moment where I was barely hanging on to my life that he had wanted to hurt her, by killing me.  
My college days with her flashed through my mind. My life swept through me in fast motion. I told her no. I didn’t want to be a vampire, even to live…
I had been too weak to stop her.
She cried and her tears spilled over on me, “Forgive me, Smoke. I just can’t let you die.”
I saw her slit her wrist. She poured her blood down my throat. I choked on it and tried to spit it out, but in that moment, I died.
As I said, Sharon is a born vampires and they are both powerful and rare. They are also revered, feared, and envied by made vampires, especially ancient ones. Sharon’s blood, the blood of a born vamp, well it gave me lots of advantages.
Sharon trained me through those first weeks of bloodlust. She taught me what I needed to know and how to survive without killing for blood. She had never turned a human before. It was against her ethics. So we were both surprised to discover that I inherited through our blood link, many of her powers. 
I would have been dead if she hadn’t turned me. In spite of that fact, I hadn’t wanted to enter the supernatural world. So I kept to myself. I didn’t want to be a vamp, powerful or not. Vamps are bloodsuckers and now I was one of them—sorta.
But…not dying was in the end, a good thing, so I forgave her. 
There are perks to being a vampire, like being able to eat as much chocolate as I like without gaining a pound. Yeah, Hollywood has it wrong. Vampires can eat. There too, being one of the undead I have although very pale skin, it is silky soft. My eyes which used to be a nice enough shade of green when I was a human are now glittering emerald pools. Took me a time to get used to controlling what my eyes can do to humans. I don’t want to compel them. I don’t drink from live sources. I don’t need to feed very often and when I do, blood bags in the fridge work just fine. I keep myself muted all of the time because I don’t want to draw attention to my enhancements. I have speed and strength, and as born vampires can walk in daylight, apparently that is yet another perk from Sharon. So yeah, not so bad being a vamp. 
As I had drifted off with my thoughts and the determination not to dance with Grail Wilder, I found his hand sliding down my arm to regain my attention.
“Where did you go, Ms. Smoke?” he asked.
“Oh…just remember how…I ended up here. But, no…I don’t wish to dance, thank you,” I said with resolution.
The Dark Lord had my hand. Could he tell he was sending a series of mind-blowing tingles through my body?
He tugged at my hand, but miraculously, I resisted. I was certain if I danced with him, it would turn out to be more. He had the look of a male on the hunt. I didn’t want to be his prey. I didn’t want to get involved. I had come here just to watch.
Wilder stopped and eyed me, “It is just a dance, Smoke…I promise.”
“I…don’t think so,” I told him. “I get…er danger signals near you and I believe in following my instincts.”
“I won’t ask you…not tonight at any rate to give me more than a dance,” he said and just like that I was in his arms. Totally up against his hard body, moving in a way that was sexually suggestive and brought to life a need in me I haven’t felt in a very long time.
I noticed couples sliding well away from us as we moved, although we moved almost in place.
I have to say, being in his arms was heart-stopping. I mean, honestly enthralling.  Something about his touch erased my inhibitions and made me want to end my sexual abstention and fuck the hell out of him.
No, no, who just thought that? Not I…no, I didn’t, couldn’t think like that.
I tried to regain my common sense. I have never been the kind of woman who just falls for a pretty face and a hard body. 
Yet, here I was, falling.
He held me so close, I couldn’t breathe and the truth was, I wasn’t trying. We glided along the dance floor as a unit and his nearness made reasonable thought impossible. Something primal had sudden been born inside of me and wanted out.
The beat was hard, and grinding, taking the music through me with erotic rhythm. His arousal was evident against my belly and even through our clothes, turned me into lust-filled hungry woman. Damn, but everything about him called on something needy inside of me.
His hand was on my bare back and I was all too aware of his touch on my flesh. The connection sent a flurry of uncommon desire and all I could think was ‘fuck him—fuck him now’. 
I never have thought, felt like this. I haven’t been interested in sex since I was turned. Not that I was that interested before I was turned. Sharon used to call me a late-bloomer.
As his fingers sent ripples of feral desire through me and tingles over my spine, I cursed myself for wearing the cocktail dress with the open back. Why had I done that? Had some instinct whispered I would meet the Dark Lord tonight? Was something else going on here like…fate? That is another thing. I don’t believe we fall into things because of pre-destiny. I believe we make our own fate and hell, seemed like I was making mine this night.
I was too aroused by his touch. Holy shit, I was in trouble. I had thoughts about unzipping his black silk pants…and…
No. Get control Smokie, get control.
When Sharon had first turned me, she had been shocked that I had no lusty inclinations. She said the newly turned always did. Now, I was shocked by all the primal lust rushing through my body. Maybe she was right and I was a late bloomer?
Grail’s touch was experienced, gentle, and burned through my flesh. He was an expert with those strong long fingers of his which lightly moved over my back. I wondered if he had put a spell on me.
“Have you put a…?” I started to ask.
He interrupted, “A spell?” He shook his head. “I don’t use spells to get a woman onto the dance floor.” His hand moved to my hip and I looked up at his handsome face. He was smiling and those blues of his were bedroom lit, low and inviting…oh no, not going there!
His smile was mesmerizing. No I don’t suppose he needed a spell to ever get a woman to bed anytime he wanted.
I couldn’t speak and even swallowing was difficult, but I needed easy conversation, so I finally squeaked out, “Grail? Like in Holy Grail?”
“Something like that,” he answered without smiling.
His answer surprised me. “Oh wow, you must have been teased in school.”
“I didn’t go to your average school…at least, not human school and no one teased me in the paranormal school I attended.”
I digested this and was still trying to imagine him as a young boy in a supernatural school when he broke into my thoughts and startled me once again.
“I saw you last week, Smokie…when you saved that child from the rabid vamp. I was impressed.”
“Oh?” He saw me?
“Vampires are usually too self-involved to care about humans, but you used your vampire speed without concern for yourself and did a number on one of your own kind.”
I looked away from his intense scrutiny. “That vamp wasn’t what I consider one of my kind. I’m pretty much a loner. I don’t hang with anyone, especially other vamps. The creepo one, who was after the boy, drinks from live sources and he was going to drain a child. A child!”
“Ah yes, I suspected that you don’t drink from live sources. After all you were turned by Sharon.”
“You know Sharon? Is she a friend of yours?” I couldn’t see Sharon being friends with the Sorcerer they called the Dark Lord—the one that was accepted as the King of the Dark supernaturals of New Orleans. But then, I didn’t think I would end up dancing with said, Dark Lord, this evening. 
“Know her, yes. Friends? Not exactly,” he said evasively. “How long have you known her?”
What was going on here? Why was he asking me all these questions? What did he want?
 Suddenly, I knew I had to escape. “I have to go.” I broke away from him right there on the dance floor and ran towards the exit. 
I didn’t look back, yet I know he watched me go. He wouldn’t follow, would he? Nah. That wouldn’t be something the Dark Lord would do, would it?
Vamp speed took me onto the street and halfway home. I stopped to make certain he wasn’t behind me. When I turned back for home, I jumped and squeaked out a scream that filled the still night air.
The Dark Lord stood right in front of me, in his black silk shirt and black silk pants, his arms crossed at his broad hard chest. He looked…amused. Better than angry, was my first thought.
“We weren’t done talking, Ms. McGuire,” the Dark Lord said as he advanced on me.

~ One ~


“OKAY…YOU ARE OUT OF line following and startling the hell out of me. I mean, what is up with that? Are you some kind of warlock-wizard stalker?”
“Not a warlock, and a bit more than a wizard, but when I have a prey in my sights, yes, you could call me ‘some kind of stalker’,” he answered and his tone was damned glib.
“Well, listen to me, ‘some kind of stalker’, just because you are the New Orleans Big and Bad, when it comes to me, you just can’t do whatever you want,” I told him as I folded my arms across my chest. Could he zap me into oblivion? Dying was relative. Living forever, so far, a little lonely and not all it was cracked up to be.
He smiled and said, “Actually, that’s right. As the Big and Bad, as you called me, I can do pretty much anything I want, and you are…er…just now, you are only a vamp, and a young one at that.”
“Even so, not with me, you can’t do whatever you want. And what do you mean, ‘just now’,” I bluffed robustly. I am good at bluffing.
He sighed and it was a drawn out sound, one that held some exasperation. His blue eyes were bright as he gave me a cajoling look and said, “Come Smokie, let’s sit and be comfortable.”
“Sit and be comfortable? Where?” I shouldn’t have asked, but, he had surprised me.
The next thing I knew, I was wrapped up in his arms, ensconced in a black cloud where I could see only him, feel only him and poof we were moving through space and I imagine, even time. Holy shit, but he was powerful, and his arms wrapped around me was driving me crazy.
A moment later, we were in a huge, fashionable industrial styled living room. I took a moment to get my bearings and marched to a window.
The Garden District? He had a home in one of the most exclusive areas of New Orleans! Well sure, he had the money…but who expects the Dark Lord to have a place anywhere but in or around the French District?
I looked back into the huge loft sized room and wondered if I could use my vamp speed to get away. He had already out-paced me when I left his club. So, yeah, he was faster than I am. Probably not a good idea to try and run just yet. Maybe it would be easier to just hear him out and then take my leave?
He walked with easy grace, and yet his movements pulsed with power. He gave me a smirk and sat on a huge black leather sofa.
Absurdly, I stood. I wasn’t sure just how to behave. Why had he brought me to his home? He wasn’t making any sexual moves, so…that couldn’t be the reason. What the hell should I do? 
“Sit,” he said softly. “Be comfortable.”
It wasn’t a bad idea. My heels were killing me. “Not happening,” I answered.
“What is not happening?” he asked calmly, his eyes narrowed and a slight sneer hovering over his sensual lips.
“Sitting or anything you want me to do. You brought me here against my will. I don’t take orders, not even from the Dark Lord, himself. Like I said. Want to zap me dead. Go ahead. I don’t care.”
“Orders? I haven’t given you any orders. First, I don’t remember you saying you wouldn’t come here with me. And asking you to sit and be comfortable is not an order but a polite invitation,” he said and his eyes glittered.
I couldn’t believe he just said that to me. What the hell? Oh no, he wasn’t turning this on me.  “I didn’t say I wouldn’t come here with you because you didn’t give me the chance. You didn’t ask me. Plain and simple. As to sitting…I don’t want to.”
“If I had asked, you wouldn’t have come with me—even if I had asked politely, and I really—”
 “Well now, we’ll never know,” I interrupted sharply, “If I would have agreed to visit with you here if you had asked politely…if you had told me why you wanted me here, if…”
He put up his hands, “I get it, but now that you are here, do sit and I will tell you why I brought you here,” his voice was still low, disarming and his smile charming enough to seduce a girl with more experience than I. However, I am stubborn.
I paced as I tried to think clearly. Everything about him drew me to him. It was ludicrous, but, it was a fact. I was totally aware of my attraction to him.
He patted the place next to him and said, “Smokie…I mean you no harm. Sit, we’ll talk.”
I stood still for a moment, glared at him and tapped my high-heeled aching foot. 
“Right, you can stand if it makes you feel better,” he said resignedly. “I’ll do the talking. As it happens, you have made an enemy, Smokie McGuire. We both know why, but what you don’t know, is that enemy is at your little place in Metairie right this moment, waiting to surprise you.”
I froze. The thought of anyone in my home, my place of sanctuary was horrifying. “How do you know that?”
When you so hastily left the club, I saw him leave as well. Yes, he was there. He didn’t follow you because he already knew where you live.  He went there ahead of you to wait your return.”
“How do you know?”
“I saw it on his face and when I followed you, I picked up on his scent. I know the direction he took…ahead of you.”
Now, I was interested, but I as I said, I have an obstinate streak. So I continued to stand, and yeah, I felt like a fool as I went from tapping my foot back to pacing the room. As I turned back and marched toward him, I got a whiff of his scent again. Tantalizing. The lure Wilder had over me was strong, like a magnet pulling me against my will into his aura. I had to fight it. I had heard all the rumors. This guy was class A badass I didn’t want to get too close to—oh no. Besides, did I believe him? How would the child-killer vamp I had stopped know where I live? I was a loner. I moved during daylight hours when 99% of all vamps were resting in the dark. What to do? I knew in my heart he was telling the truth. I knew that a child-killing vamp was the worst of the bloodsuckers and therefore would want revenge against me for my successful attack against him. 
However, I wasn’t ready to give in, so I said, “I can’t imagine any vamp being interested in me in any possible way. I don’t mingle with vamps…at all. And if you are speaking about the vamp I stopped from killing the child…he must know that I am under a born vamp’s protection.”
He watched me silently for a moment. “I thought you smarter than that. Your rabid vamp is just that, rabid. He isn’t subject to logic.”
I chewed my bottom lip. He stared at me as though I was as mad as the rabid vamp he was talking about. No doubt he thought my obstinacy was idiotic.  
I put up my chin and said, “Staring is rude.”
He chuckled.
That annoyed me. I am normally even-tempered, but he was an arrogant dick! I was seeing red everywhere even though his place was furnished in black, white and silver. Very masculine, not at all inviting. 
“You think that is funny?” I didn’t give him a chance to respond. “Did I say you were out of line? Well, that isn’t just what you are!” I threw at him. “You are also egotistical. You think because you have all that Dark power you can do whatever you want to whoever. Well, you can’t. I want out of here, so I am leaving. Don’t follow me,” I snapped at him and started for the stairs across the room. 
I didn’t even see him get up. He was faster than I could imagine and I had already witnessed his speed. This was faster, like in a blink of my eyes. Boom, I was wrapped in his arms so tightly that it was hard to breathe. I didn’t budge as he bent and whispered in my ear, “Don’t be so prickly sweetheart. I am trying to help you.”
I pushed hard against him and nearly fell backwards as he released me. “Why?” I shouted at him. “If I believe you when you say you want to help. Tell me why.”
“Not yet. We need to establish…an understanding,” he said.
“Oh, here it comes. Quid quo pro. I obviously can’t match you in dollars…so it isn’t money. I have no powers you can use, newbie vamp here…” I poked his chest, “Big Bad there. So what then, want a toss in bed? Not happening.” The notion of him tossing me into his bed, and making wild feral love with me, made me lick my lips. What the frig was wrong with me?
He smirked. “Like the money and the power I don’t need from you…don’t need that from you either.”
Conflicting reactions shot through me. It was insulting. When I turn someone down, I want them disappointed.
“So then, what do you want?” I pursued and I could feel the sulkiness that I heard in my voice.
“For now, I want to know a little more about you. That is where the quid quo pro comes in. You answer a few questions for me and then I’ll answer some for you.”
“No. I’m not cooperating with you. I don’t do cooperation under duress. If that means you are going to zap me dead, then go ahead.” 
“I have no intention of er…zapping you dead. This world needs you. It may be that I will need you, but not in the manner you might imagine. Sit, please and I will explain, because you and I are part of a larger picture.”
What the hell did that mean? He had caught my interest, but there was that stubborn streak of mine again. “No.”
“Ah Smoke, let me tell you about the very first time I saw you. You were human then, and I was…taken,” he said wistfully and paused.
I waited because absurdly I wanted to hear more about me being human.
“You were walking out of class,” he continued. “I supposed, in the direction of your…apartment and everything about you was like a bright sun…too bright to even look directly at without blinking. I did though. In fact, I stared at you because something about you, your soul…was fresh and new. You were a breath of fresh air.” He looked away and paused again. I said nothing as I waited for him to proceed.
Finally he said, “You didn’t see me and I hung out of sight just so I could watch you. I saw at once that your smile came from your heart, and I drank it in as you laughed with your friends. You drew them to you. In that moment I wanted to get to know you, and wondered if I could without corrupting you,” he said softly with a look in his bright blues that made me tremble. 
His scent came in waves and hauled me against my will into the realm of fantasy. I don’t want a fantasy. I am a practical kind of woman. My libido had to be contained.  Since when did I ever want to fuck a stranger? That just wasn’t me. Everything he had just said, confused me. He liked me as a human. Did that mean he didn’t like me now? And why should that matter to me? Did it, did it matter? Where was all of this going?
I sat down beside him on his sofa and ridiculously my first thought was, a girl could get mind-blowing sex on this sofa. He could give mind-blowing sex. What? Libido was taking control again.
I cleared my throat. “You saw me when I was human? But…the last time I was human was about two years ago,” I said frowning at him. “You actually noticed me at Tulane?”
“Why does that surprise you? I was at there on business. I am a major contributor, honorary alumni, if you will. I walked out of the building and there you were with your friends. You had all graduated and you were saying good-bye. Of course, I noticed you. Smokie, have you ever looked at yourself in the mirror? You are ravishing, but that isn’t what made me look twice.”
I said nothing to this. Beauty isn’t an achievement and I have never placed much importance on it.  I am one of those who is corny to a fault and attracted to the beauty inside of a person.
“It was your glow,” he said quietly, “Even now, as a vampire, you have one you know, all golden, and then there was your scent. Then, like now, it was a strong aroma of vanilla and rosemary—a powerful supernatural’s scent, and yet, you were human.”
I felt my brows arch. “Sharon says my family on my mother’s side were witches. It skipped my mom, or she ignored that part of herself, but I…sometimes feel as though…” I waved the thought away. “It doesn’t matter. I doubt that my witchy side will emerge now that I am a vampire.” 
“I disagree. Your grandmother was a mortal but powerful witch of the light. I believe you are now a hybrid and when you approach the time for your witch to emerge, it will.” He eyed me but I was busy thinking about this and didn’t respond.
He moved on and said, “I asked Sharon about you then. She told me to stay away from you. She said you were not a witch, not a supernatural, that you were just a sweet young woman, nothing more.” He inclined his head. “I knew that she knew otherwise and merely meant to protect you from me.” He gave me a rueful look, “I have a bad reputation, but the truth is, I never seduce women and I never lie to them. I make them no false promises.” He waved this away with a grimace, “At any rate, for a time, I stayed away from you.”
“I…had no idea. Sharon never told me a word,” I said as much to myself as to him.
“And then I heard you were turned by Sharon. She has never turned a human. I was saddened by the news. I continued to stay away from you, however, the next thing I knew…I picked up on your scent a week ago. It was intense…so intense. I saw a blur of color—you. I was a witness to you moving at vampire speed and you were chasing a rabid vamp who had just abducted a human child…a young boy.”
I tensed. 
He eyed me and continued. “I followed your blur of color. I saw you break the vamp’s neck which stopped him but did not kill him. I thought you should have killed him. He was pure evil. But you didn’t kill. I realized you had retained your humanity through the turning. You are not a killer. I was stunned as I watched you take him temporarily out of commission and then compel the crying child to forget the experience. I watched as you returned him to his mother who had been searching frantically for him a few blocks away.”
“Yeah, so?” I said. I had to hold myself aloof from the Dark Lord. I was mystified by his interest in me.  
“I am…enthralled with who you are and who you could be.”
I shrugged, “I’m happy with who I am.”
“Let me approach this differently,” he said on a soft sigh. “Tell me, because I am curious about your name, why are you named Smokie? Also, I want you to tell me about your parents. I need to know the details of your turning—how the lovely human became a vampire? Were you a willing participant or had Sharon forced this life on you?” 
I looked away from him, “What difference does it all make. Why should it matter to you?”
“It matters, so tell me. This is where we get to know one another for the mission we are meant to complete. You tell me something I want to know and I will reciprocate.”
“Wait, what? Mission? What mission?” I was flabbergasted.
“Later. First answer me. Were you a willing participant?”
“Why should I tell you anything? I don’t know you.”
“As I said, this is where we get to know one another. You answer my question, I will answer yours.”
“I don’t want to know anything about you,” I can be snarky when annoyed.
He grinned and suddenly I was in his arms, and his lips crushed mine, parted them and his tongue, oh hot damn, his tongue found and teased mine into a response.  My body was on fire. My mind was a mass of goo. 
He was delicious and his kiss, his tongue, made erotic love to me in a tango of passion I never wanted to end. Hell yeah, I was kissing him back. I even had the urge to sink my canines into his neck.
That actually was what splashed cold water all over my brain.
Never drink from a live source.
I wanted to stop. I thought that I could. Hand up, I told myself. Push him away.
Can’t stop. His first kiss turned into another and then another.
I should stop. I had to stop, but, I couldn’t, and I didn’t want to. I was invested in those kisses, even against my better judgment…I wanted kissing, more of him, oh so much more. 
I pressed into him for that more and holy hell, he blew my mind as his hand grabbed my ass and brought me against his crotch and I felt his arousal.
That was when something finally clicked in my brain and told me I was getting in too deep. Time to run. He was the Dark Lord. Danger signals began bleeping in my brain.
I have had sex just for fun only once in my life. No regrets, but it changed me, and I didn’t like the way I felt afterwards. It turned out that I didn’t really want sex just for fun. I discovered that I was a relationship kind of woman. Never found anyone I wanted a commitment from after that and then I became a vampire. Everything became complicated and so here I am, sex starved, though until he kissed me, I hadn’t felt I was missing anything.  
I pulled out of his arms. I had to save face, because, well, we both knew I had been kissing him back and obviously liking those kisses. “You caught me by surprise…and you are a damn good kisser, but don’t get any ideas,” I told him.
“Too late,” he said and his voice was husky, dreamy husky. “The ideas…got ‘im.”
I almost laughed. I hadn’t expected him to sound and look…cute. Cute was a word that was difficult to associate with ‘the Dark Lord’. “Look,” I said, “I don’t need to ask you any questions. Every instinct tells me you are a taker. The problem with that is, I am a giver! Not liking my odds in that equation.” I clucked, “Tch, tch, no…not liking that scenario, so don’t do the kissing thing again.”
He smiled wickedly and said, “Not promising anything, but for now…I agree, no more kissing. Talking instead, so if you would, please, answer my questions.”
“Not inclined to answer your questions.”
He sighed, “You would do well to remember that I could actually in a fit of temper, zap you dead, if I so wished. I have generally found vampires in general, despicable creatures.”
I eyed him, “Oh? Sure didn’t just get that impression.”
He chuckled, “Granted, you are the exception. You know, don’t you that I have the ability to make you to tell me what I want to know.”
“No, you don’t,” I said confidently.
“Don’t I?” he stared into my eyes/
I knew he was working his compulsion magic, but Sharon had taught me how to resist being compelled. I was a quick study.
He said, “Tell me your name.”
“No,” I said. “You already know it. And I can’t be compelled.”
He sighed, “Sharon, of course.”
I just smiled.
“You know, I have far more effective ways of compelling—inducing you that can impede with Sharon’s training. As those methods could leave you with memory confusion, I don’t ever wish to utilize any of those methods. So, as I would rather you converse with me willingly, please Smoke…let’s just talk,” he said softly. “Be rational. You must realize by now that I have very good reasons for my questions. Have you no curiosity about me—about why I want answers from you? Don’t you want to know why I have these questions? I believe it would behoove you to do so.”
“Behoove?” I snorted. “Who says behoove? Just how old are you?”
He laughed out loud and oh my, he probably is ancient but he looked, right then, like a boy—a gorgeous hunk of a man-boy, with a charming, mesmerizing smile. There was that cuteness again getting in my way. 
I didn’t want to answer his questions. However, the problem here is the fact that not only was I curious by nature, I was damned curious about him. I eyed him for a long moment before I agreed, “Okay, if sitting and chatting for a few moments will get you to let me leave. Go ahead, chat, tell me why I am here and then I’ll answer your question.”
“Smokie McGuire, you are, as I suspected, quite a unique, if a somewhat annoying woman. First, shall we have tea?” 
Tea appeared on his huge black enamel coffee table.
That got my eyebrows up. I looked at him and teased, “Can you whip up cake as well?”
As an answer, he did just that.
“Ha! I was only joking, but wow, they look delicious, are they safe to eat?” I am curious yes, but also suspicious.
He smiled, “And why wouldn’t they be?”
“Well…didn’t you just magically bake them or something?”
“No, I magically swiped them from the bakery down the street,” he said.
“Oh no, you stole them! Some poor hard working baker will be out his profits. That isn’t right!”
“I left him a hundred dollar bill, Smokie. Cakes are not the sort of thing I steal.” He eyed me and softly said, “Now, eat your cake, drink your tea and then we’ll talk.”
What kind of a Dark Lord leaves money when he didn’t have to? I was astonished. 
I started downing a little pink-iced petit-four.
“The kind that wants you to…help him,” he answered. 
I snorted cake.
I covered my mouth and felt like the idiot I must have appeared to be. I shook my head and said, “Did you read my thoughts?”
“No, your face.”
I narrowed a look at him. Was he telling me the truth? “Look,” I said, “I am a vampire, you said, you don’t like vamps. Also I’m not a very old vamp so being a newbie, my powers are not totally maxed. So tell me how I can possibly help the Dark Lord of New Orleans?”
He totally ignored my question and silently and unnervingly eyed me for a long moment. When he finally spoke, it was to ask another question, “Tell me why a born-vampire bothered with you. What made Sharon turn you? It isn’t something she does. In fact, I happen to know she had never turned a human before. Was it at your request?”
I frowned at him, “You seem to know her, so ask Sharon.”
“Sharon and I have a rocky…er…friendship. The years have taken us in different directions. She believes she has reasons to avoid me, and as it turns out, the time has come for me to ask her for help. I think you could be a, shall we say, friendly go-between.” He eyed me thoughtfully. “Now, please, answer my questions.”
“Ah, so Sharon doesn’t like you? Hmm, surprise, surprise,” I said and gave him a cocky look. “What makes you think she will help you if I ask her, and why should I ask her to help you? I don’t even know you and have no reason to want to know you.”
Once again he ignored what I said and just went on as though I hadn’t objected. “First, tell me, how you and Sharon met?” 
I tried to get a read on him, couldn’t and sighed. If I just told him what he wanted to know, maybe he would just let me go home?
“Look, it isn’t a big secret. I met Sharon at Tulane University. She was my roomy for three years. I graduated early and so did she. I didn’t know she was a vamp at first, let alone a Born-Vamp. I found out quite by accident just a few months before graduation. I realized that same night I discovered vamps are real, that she actually wanted me to discover what she was. She told me then that she knew I could handle it.”
“She knew you could handle it?” he digested this and then asked. “Thus, it didn’t repulse you to find out what she was?”
I stared at him. “Repulse? Sharon and I are friends. Look, I’ve lived in New Orleans all my life. Lots of strange things go on in this town.” I didn’t want to tell him my grandmother had been a light-witch extraordinaire. “No, Sharon and I will always be friends. It is what it is. She couldn’t help that she was born a vamp.” I shrugged. “Besides, she told me she never drinks from a live source. She said she fought the bloodlust when she came of age and began turning. She said the only thing painful about her turning was the need for blood. She denied that need until a friend…a vampire friend, helped her obtain blood without killing the donor. She told me born vamps can walk in daylight without any discomfort although she would have lost that ability if she fed on live sources. We discovered together that I inherited a great many of her advantages because I was turned with her blood. She helped me get over the bloodlust. At any rate, after she turned me, she took me to her home in Metairie and helped me through those first six months. She said I reminded her of her young sister who did not survive all those years ago when they went into battle with the Lycans in what she called, ‘the old country’.”
“Were you willing to be turned?”
I shook my head. “No. I had no choice. There was this vampire…his name is Whistler. Sharon said he noticed us together, noticed we were friends and that Sharon cared for me. He has a thing…a vendetta against Sharon…I don’t know why, she wouldn’t say. Apparently he decided to get his revenge by draining her human friend—me.”
The Dark Lord growled. “Whistler. I know him. Another born vamp…but quite evil.”
Evil? Look who was calling the pot. Yet, here was the thing—I wasn’t getting evil off of Wilder. But, I argued with myself, he was the Dark Lord—didn’t that absolutely mean he was evil? 
I considered him a moment longer. He growled again and said, “Whistler will pay.”
I didn’t know Sorcerers growled like that. He sounded primal and ridiculously I thought, sexy as hell.
“Right,” I said as I continued, “So Sharon found me like that—dying. I would have been dead if she had come a few minutes later.”
“You accepted to be turned rather than die?”
“No, hell no. I told her no, it was all I could say at the time as I was too weak to do more.” I stopped talking for a minute and looked away. When I looked back at him, his eyes were lit, brightly lit with an emotion I couldn’t fathom. 
I said, “Sharon told me she couldn’t let me die because of her. She said that was one more guilt she couldn’t bear. She also said something strange, something about ‘it was written’.” I shook my head and frowned because I had asked her later what that meant, and she had always changed the subject. “Anyway, she cut her wrist open and poured her blood down my throat and then everything went black.” 
His voice became intense, “Sharon said it was written—then she knows.”
“Knows? Knows what?”
“We will get to that. So you were saying, she turned you in spite of your wishes.”
I shrugged. “Yup, so here I am.”
“And you are still friends with Sharon?”
“Of course. She got me through it all, the bloodlust, kept me sane, and taught me control.”
“But, you moved out of her home?” he asked, one brow up.
“Yeah, needed my own space. Sharon was too…protective and in spite of her keeping me alive or undead, whatever, she felt guilt. So…that made me more uncomfortable.” I eyed him. “Now you know, so if you aren’t going to zap me dead, please let me leave. I can’t help you.”
“Everything you and I are drives us to a point in time. I can’t let you go. You will walk into a danger you cannot manage. A rabid vamp waits for you in your home and he has years on you. You don’t have the element of surprise this time. He won’t show you mercy as you showed him. Stay and we will rid ourselves of him at another time.”
I considered his offer. It made sense. However, I wanted to know a few things so I asked, “This written shit, are you talking about fate? Because if you are,” I scoffed. “I believe in making my own fate.”
“Fate is a tricky female. One never knows whether one’s decisions one way or another are actually their own. At any rate, you can’t go home tonight. A trap has been set, and I can’t let you walk into it,” he said. “Take the first door down the corridor. It is a guest suite and you will find everything you might need for an overnight stay. No one will bother you while you are here.”
“Er…I don’t think so. Been looking after myself for a while now and that is what works for me. I am going home,” I said and got to my feet.
He got up as well and put his large and hands around my upper arms. His touch sent tingles up and down my spine. I should have pulled away. Instead, I looked up into those devilish blue eyes and licked my bottom lip.
His gaze was so intense. I concentrated on his lips as he spoke. My bad. So bad. Concentrating on his lips turned me into a woman in heat. All I wanted…I caught myself and zoomed into what he was saying. “What? What was that?”
“Smoke, you can’t go home,” he repeated. “The rabid vamp is out for your blood. He will drain you for a high on born-vampire blood and then he will stake you through the heart and cut off your head.”
I grimaced.
“You made an emotional decision to let him live. Someone like that is a threat to all of society and now to you. You should have finished him when he was unconscious. Now, he is out for revenge. He wants you dead for interfering with his meal. Don’t take my word for it that he is waiting for you at your home. Think about it. He knows who you are and therefore he knows where you live. He has your scent and you will never make it inside your home. He is faster, stronger and deadlier than you. Like you pointed out, you have not yet come into all your powers. You will…and soon, but that won’t help you tonight.”
“I am not going to sit around and wait for him to strike. If you think he is at my place now, then I’m going there and taking him on.”
“No, you are not. He will kill you and that isn’t anything I wish to see occur. You aren’t ready to take him on.”
“Oh yes, I am…and besides, not hiding here. I don’t hide.”
“Smokie…” he said and he pulled me right up against his hard body, “Stay.”
He took my mouth beneath his and I caved for his kiss. Damn, but the world around me vanished and all I could see were bright lights. All I could feel was hot desire. Maybe I could do sex just for fun?
Stubbornness saved me. I pushed out of his hold. “Stop, you and me…not happening.”
“No? We’ll see, but in the meantime, take the first door down that hallway. No one will be able to get past my wards,” he indicated with his perfectly masculine chin. “Lock it and stay safe tonight. I won’t bother you and if you want to take the rabid vamp on tomorrow, we’ll talk about…a plan. How is that? Do I have your word you won’t try and leave?”
I like plans. I considered this proposition. “Yes, okay, staying seems smart, but, I have questions.”
“As do I. Tomorrow we will get to them. Now go on…get some sleep.”
“Where is your room?” I asked looking down the hallway and noting there was a set of double doors facing us at the end of the wide corridor.
“I won’t lock them if that is what you are wondering,”
If I were human, I would have blushed. Even so, I felt a flush invade my face and said, “I just wanted to make sure we have some distance between us.”
“Afraid to get too close?” he said in that low damningly sexy voice of his.
“Er…no…just…well, right. Nighty-night,” I said and hurried to that first door. I stopped there and looked his way. His blues met my gaze and held me for a brief moment before he said, “And sleep tight.”

~ Two ~


I had found everything I needed behind that door. The bedroom was large and beautifully decorated in shades of green and mauve. The bathroom was luxurious, with toothbrushes to choose from and an assortment of hair products. I don’t use them.  
I showered and slipped into one of the oversized white T-shirts I found in the walk-in closet. Drawers upon drawers held a variety of female clothing, including an assortment of naughty lingerie. One in particular was no more than a bit of black lace that would expose both the woman’s nipples and the patch between her thighs. I laughed and threw it back into the drawer. 
I climbed into the huge four poster bed and thought I would never fall asleep, and promptly did so.
I awoke to a grey morning and the smell of bacon.
I love bacon.
I was up and showered and dressed in the oversized white T-shirt, I found in one of the drawers. I ran my hand over the clothes, all high fashion, and oddly enough, all in my size. However, I gave this up quickly because the delicious scent of breakfast ping-ponged down to my stomach. Yeah, another Hollywood myth. Vampires can eat food. 
Wilder was at the stove, flipping an omelet. He wore jeans and nothing else. Holy good God, a woman could go blind looking at pure, raw sex, and that was what I was doing. He had a primal pull I had to make an effort to fight.
Holy Geez, looking at him like that, his kisses filled my memory banks and my body went rigid with sexual tension. 
He looked over his shoulder at me and said, “Sit…coffee is on the island. Do you take cream?” his smile was absolutely wicked.
“No, black, thank you. Wow, you are quite the domestic for a Dark Lord,” I said trying to ignore the erotic scent I knew my body must be giving off. I busied myself by pouring a cup of rich coffee and sipping. It was perfection. 
Blood? Hmm. I wouldn’t need to drink blood for another day or so.
He served me up a full plate, bacon, eggs and toast. He sat beside me with the same and his voice was a husky rumble as he said, “Eat up…”
I concentrated on my food and did just that. I couldn’t look his way, if I did, there was a good chance I might jump his bones!
After a few moments where I broke the silence by telling him, “Hmm, good…hmm yum,” at various intervals, he pushed away his plate.
His blue eyes looked me over from my head right down to my bare feet and made my nipples poke at the soft white material of the T-shirt.
His voice was a sexy rumble when he said, “Do you know how…desirable you look right now?”
“Er…no. My hair is a mess and well, it’s just a T-shirt, oversized at that,” I tried to deflect.
“Is it just? Your nipples are pushing through hard and hungry. I wonder how much harder they would get if I…er flicked my…”
“Hold on. Stop. No flicking, no nipple talking,” I said even though that was exactly what I wanted him to do—finger flick me, oh hot damn, yes. 
I got up and hurried off, annoyed to hear him chuckling at my back.
I was back in my cocktail dress because I wasn’t going to wear any of the clothes hanging in the closet. They all still had price tags…whoa, way out of my league.
When I returned to the main room he stood by the window looking like a movie star. He had on a white silk shirt, jeans and boots and I looked away as I said, “Ok…going home now.”
“I’m coming with you.”
“Wait, what? No. He won’t be there…daylight.”
“We still need to talk. I need answers and so do you,” he said. “We can talk in your place, where you might be more comfortable.”
I sucked in my bottom lip, chewed for a moment and shook my head, “Nah, I’m good. I don’t need any answers and I am not inclined to give you any more than I already have.”
The next thing I knew, we were traveling in a black cloud where all I could see were his bright blue eyes and all I could feel was his strong arms wrapped around me. His traveling cloud reminded me of something my mother once said to me about magical locomotion. I had laughed it off and she had touched my cheek and said, “One day you will learn it all…your name means more than you know. I could hear her voice in my head. “Your father named you so you would discover what and who you are.” Why hadn’t she just explained it all at the time? Because she thought we had time. For a moment I was filled with grief, but, I shook it off as suddenly the cloud was gone.
I was still in his arms. I pushed, he released, I stepped back and snapped, “You could at least warn a girl before you do that!”
He grinned, “You’ll get used to it.”
“No, no I won’t because…” I pointed to him and then myself. “You and I…are saying bye, bye now. You go your way. I go mine.”
“You and I are tied at the hip from now on,” he said in that husky voice that drove me wild in spite of the fact that I was trying very hard not to allow it to get to me.
“Why are you doing this to me?” I demanded and slipped out of my heels and went towards my bedroom where I meant to change. “I have a nice simple life. I watch the stock market and invest my savings so I can live quietly…and…”
“And there is no more quiet for you,” he said and followed me into my bedroom.
As my dress was off already I shrieked and dove into my closet, “Out…let me dress in peace.”
He laughed and gave me his back. “Go ahead. No worries. I don’t take what isn’t offered.”
“Sure you do,” I said and hurriedly pulled on my black tank top, panties and jeans.
 “Smokie…our fates, yours and mine are linked. At least I believe that to be true and if you would just answer a few questions, I will know one way or another.”
I turned him around and pushed on his chest, “Out of my room. Out of my house. I don’t want to be linked. I want to…”
“What? What do you want? Quiet? To be a loner with no direction. In one hundred years you will wish you were dead…really dead. That isn’t for you,” he said angrily.
I hadn’t seen him this angry thus far. Why did it all matter to him so much? I stood for a moment taking his words apart in my mind. That didn’t help. Did I want to know more before I chased him away? Knowing is always better than not knowing. 
“Okay, okay, I will hear you out, after that, I can’t promise anything. Deal?” 
“Deal,” he said and left my room.
I pulled on socks and a pair of my favorite and comfortable buckskin boots and followed him into my small living room.  
I found him lounging on my floral loveseat. He waved his hand around at my living room, “Charming. You have good taste.”
I smiled because I really loved my little home. I had painted and had searched out antiques and designed the interior all myself. I had modernized the small kitchen, and felt from the start that it suited me. Still smiling, I looked around, pleased with the pretty shades of green sprinkled with blue. It was a bright, inviting open floor plan and yet the furniture and its placement made it all feel cozy, and welcoming, like an English cottage. I had made it as far from vampirish as I could. 
I nodded and sat on one of the chairs and said, “Right…let’s do this. What do you want to know?”
“Right, you have established that you were not a willing vampire, but before that happened to you, were you aware of anything unusual about yourself?”
I tensed. He wanted to know if I had felt any supernatural eccentricities about myself. I have felt them because I have always known that I was destined to be a light-witch. My mom had told me all about my famous grandmother and in the French Quarter, she was famous.
I don’t like to lie, so I answered, “A little. I have always had good instincts. I don’t get lost even when I have never been to a place. I…sometimes get ‘feelings’ that warn me off something or send me towards something else. That sort of thing.” Not telling him the whole wasn’t really a lie.
“But, nothing magical?” he pursued.
“Not sure,” I answered truthfully. I didn’t feel obliged to tell him my grandmother was an uber witch. He thought her a mortal witch. That was all he needed to believe. I didn’t want to talk about my father. “Now, I get to ask a question.”
“Shoot,” he said.
I smirked. “Why does all this matter to you? Why does it matter how I was turned? What difference does it make if I was willing or unwilling to become a vampire or if I had ‘supernatural’ tendencies before it happened?”
“Do you believe in the Fae…or more properly, the Tuatha de Dannan?”
Actually, my mother had told me that my grandmother was a ‘Sounder Seer Witch’. She was able to locate Fae artifacts and had helped the Fae queen recover one or two that had been hidden in New Orleans. So, now I had to decide how to answer him. Cautiously I said, “Well, Vampires, Lycans, and all sorts of supernaturals exist, so sure, I believe the Fae do as well.”
The vamp that drained you, Whistler, works for a born-vamp named Vidal, a direct descendent of the first vampire, Dracula. Vidal is ancient and has acquired a great deal of power over the centuries. In the past, he was content to remain in Italy where he governed over a feudal type village in the mountains. More recently he has become obsessed with finding a particularly powerful Fae artifact. Vidal wants to dominate all supernaturals and humans alike. He believes this particular artifact will allow him to achieve that goal.”
“Ooooh, sounds like a bad guy,” I said. “But what does it have to do with me?”
“With us, Smokie, with us. We are linked by a little known prophesy…and according to that prophesy, we are the only ones that can stop him when the time comes and that time, is getting closer every single day.”
A certain disappointment traveled through me. I had entertained the notion that this hunk was somehow attracted to me. Now, apparently, all he wanted was for me to fulfill some crazy prophesy to take down someone I was very certain could destroy me with a look.
“A prophesy?” I said trying to appear unconcerned.
“Apparently, when the Dark Fae King realized that some of the Hallows he created, (which were living things in their own right) had evolved into formidable weapons, he decided to disperse them throughout the earth. Fae cannot find their own Hallows—artifacts. He wasn’t worried about humans using them, as humans have no magic. I suppose The Dark Fae King didn’t think about supernatural beings being able to use them. The Dark King has always been a mystery, so we can’t fathom what he was thinking at the time.”
“And the prophesy names you and me?”
“Well, no, not by name,” he said frowning.
“What then?”
 “Right, in its entirety which you would do well to memorize, it reads: 

She who was unwilling, died.
She will become an undead guide.
Inside of her, it hovers and waits,
But he who rules will alter her fate
It calls, she will hear
It is floating so very near
So begins the unholy pact
Time dawns, time to act…time to…”

He sighed and put up his hand. “That is all I have.” 
I laughed, eyed him with the disbelief I was feeling and laughed again. “That is the prophesy? It isn’t even finished.”
He looked frustrated. “This is not funny.”
“No? Sure it is. What kind of a riddle is that? Bad enough we have to figure it out, but it doesn’t even finish its last line.” I spun around in place and came back to wag my finger at him, “Damn, for all I know, I’m in a coma…having a never ending nightmare. This is funny.”
“Listen to me. You were dragged into the dark…and now I’m going to drag you in deeper. All I can promise is to look out for you with everything I am,” he said earnestly. “This is all real.”
That hit me. I had been perfectly normal, living a normal life the night I first witnessed Sharon’s fangs appear, the night she hissed at another vamp who had put his hands on her—the night she broke his neck. She hadn’t known I was there in the alley watching her. She had turned bright, startled amber eyes on me and cried out, “Smokie…wait.”
I waited. Absurdly I said, “So, vampires are real?”
She appeared to make up her mind, “Yes.”
“Did you kill that vamp?” I remember I felt so calm, as though I had always known the vampires were real and roaming amongst the humans. As though I had always known she was a vampire. I had always known the truth. I believe now I always knew. After all, I was a descendent of a powerful witch, why not vampires and whatever else roamed New Orleans. 
“No, he’ll wake up in an hour or so. Come on, we have to get out of here.” 
That was only a few months before we graduated, only a few months before she turned me.
Now, I shook my head as I sat contemplating everything Wilder had just told me.
“Not in a coma. I know. Vampires are real, shifters are real, you are…” I pinched him—his eyes narrowed. “You are real. So now, what? I am part of this crazy prophesy? I am the unwilling in that little ditty?”
“I am nearly certain of it,” he answered softly.
I got up and paced. He followed and stopped me, “As am I, Smoke, as am I a part of it and not liking this anymore than you do.”
“So…what are we supposed to do—save the world? How do we do that? Basically a newbie here, only a two year old vamp, and you…” I waved my hand over him. “Dark sorcerer…not the saving the world type, or so I am told.”
He stiffened and slightly inclined his head. “Have a good day, Smoke. I’ll see you when I see you.”
A black cloud formed almost instantaneously and he was gone.
I was aware of a tremendous sense of loss.
“Sure, just like that, puff in…puff out. Lay a whole saving the world on me, and vanish! Great.”
I decided to go out for a run. I do it to clear my head as vamps as far as I know, stay pretty much as fit as the day they were turned. I should have changed into jogging clothes and running shoes. Didn’t. Vamp here, I can run in anything.
It was breezy and a cool seventy today, and it felt good against my cheeks. I was just getting a rhythm on when a scent wafted through the air.
I was surprised by it. Supernaturals are usually night creatures. Daylight for many paranormals doesn’t work, except for shifters and werewolves. Anytime was their time. Even witches and warlocks like the night. So, the scent surprised me and just as I was getting a read on it, deciding it was demon—male demon, he stepped in front of me and grabbed my arm.
His eyes blazed red. He was enswathed in human Glamour but, I have always had the ability for some reason, to be able to see past the Glamour. I saw his sharp horns on his egg-shaped head—three horns. His flesh was green. His teeth were jagged and sharp. However, he looked downright amusing in his T-shirt and weathered jeans.
So I pushed him off and laughed before I told him, “I don’t know what the hell you think you are doing…but if you are smarter than you look. Hands off, demon.”
“You can see past my Glamour?” he sounded surprised.
I didn’t tell him I have always had the gift of sight. No reason to tell him anything. 
“Out of my way,” I told him and pushed him again. 
I am unusually strong even for a vamp, and he traveled backwards quite a few feet.
He jumped forward and rushed me. Growling in a series of grunts he said, “You are coming with me.” 
“Oh, as to that…I don’t think so,” I snickered.
“He who rules, says to bring you. I must…you must come,” he said.
“He who rules?” I thought of Grail Wilder. Was he talking about the Dark Lord? Why would the Dark Lord send a demon to fetch me? That didn’t make sense. “No…not going anywhere with you.” I started my run again.
He reached and grabbed hold of me again and even as I pushed hard, something happened that caught my attention.
That something happening was a swirling ring of power in broad daylight, with cars passing by on the street. A black hole the size of volley ball was forming and growing. Colors burst out of the damned thing, and I looked to see if anyone driving by noticed. They didn’t seem to, so I realized it must be shielded from human detection.
The next thing I knew demon-boy was dragging me inside the black hole. Oh no, this was not good.
Vamps are stronger than demons. I broke away from him, but the giant hole, which I immediately assumed was a portal, sucked me inside before I could put on the brakes. There just was no escaping its suction power. I bounced off its solid walls and finally landed with a thud in some dark, very dark and enormous chamber!


~ Three ~


ALL I WANTED LAST NIGHT WAS a bit of fun. 
Just some music and a getaway from my humdrum life. As a vampire I had hid away from my friends and put aside all my plans to be an archeologist. 
When I made up my mind to check out the Dark Lord’s club, it was because I needed a bit of adventure. Nothing too wild, just a laugh or two. So, into Grail Wilder’s club I went. 
And now my life has gone to hell.
This is totally not acceptable. How much bad luck can one girl have in the space of two years? Seriously.
I was spit out of the portal with some force, and landed on my ass. I didn’t just get to my feet, I jumped into position, ready for an attack.
Nothing. Absolutely nothing happened, so I peered into the dark chamber where I landed, looking for a clue as to where I might be. The portal had already closed at my back, so evidently this had been a one way trip. I would have to find another escape route. My first obstacle would be Mr. Demon who stood some distance at my back, cracking his knuckles. I grimaced and turned away from him since he didn’t seem to be on the attack. 
Someone else was in the dark room. I could smell him. Champagne and roses. Vampires always exude delicious aromas. It is part of their lure. Their victims are attracted by the scent and then compelled by the hypnotic stare and soft alluring voice. 
I saw him then.
I could just make out the form of a tall, lean man at the far end of the room. I studied the aura I was getting off him. Evil, pure and unmitigated. Also, I could hear a confusion of thoughts, his. Words bumped into one another, like, compel, seduce, find out, sounder. I had no idea in what context these words worked in his mind, but more importantly, how the hell was I listening? Vampires can’t hear other people’s thoughts, so…was this my witchy DNA at work? All at once, he shut down his mind with a shield. He must have realized I was listening in.
I was surprised when he finally spoke and I nearly jumped. “Welcome, young vampire,” he said.
His voice was both deep and self-assured. His tenor held the air of command. I got the impression that he was very used to people taking his orders without hesitation, without demure or objection. I decided to buck him and throw him off his game. “Welcome? I was forced here, wherever here is, against my will. So…not feeling welcome.” 
And then I was surprised again, because, damn if the guy didn’t know my name, “But, my dear Miss Smokie McGuire, you would not have come had I extended a formal invitation.”
“Yeah, well, where I come from a person, even a vamp, is given the choice with an invitation. I don’t call throwing me into a dark portal very friendly. So, let’s not bother with amenities. Who are you and what do you want?” I threw back at him, rarely at a loss for words when I am pissed. I looked over my shoulder, and yup, Mr. Demon was still there, his hands now folded into one another just above his crotch. Him I could take in two seconds. Demons are never a match for a vamp who has my strength. I arched a brow at the demon and then back at the man I couldn’t quite see yet, and waited for his reply. 
The vampire in the dark corner walked towards me then and snapped his fingers high in the air. A few dim lights gave me a view of the room. Not a dungeon as I had first thought, but a most remarkable and somewhat fashionable library. Where the frigging hell was I and who the hell was this guy? I picked up on the scent of dark power. He was not only evil, he was strong and intense. Besides that, I realized that he reeked of a recent meal. Blood. He had just fed from a live source. I was getting a really bad vibe. I couldn’t show fear. I had to keep my wits. No one was coming to my rescue. No one knew where I was. I had told Grail to go ahead and zap me, but I suddenly realized, I didn’t want to die at the hands of this awful wicked vampire. 
“Ah, a bit presumptuous of me. However, at times, one must take hold and do what is necessary to accomplish one’s goals. You and I…we need to talk,” he said.
“Damn, what is happening? Everyone, all at once, wants to talk and thinks they can force me to it,” I said with a sigh that indicated I was exasperated. 
“Ah, Wilder has tried then to get you to talk about yourself. That is the very reason I brought you here. I wanted an opportunity to speak with you before you became more involved with Wilder. I believe we, you and I, have more in common and I believe what I can offer you will far outweigh anything he…” 
“Stop right there!” I interrupted him. “I am not bargaining with you. “I am not involved with Wilder, but if I were, that would be my business,” I snapped.
“Ah,” he said and came closer. “Spirited. I like that. It will be fun breaking you.”
I could see that he was by some standards, a handsome man with dark blond hair and amber lit glittering eyes. I assessed him quickly and also made a mental note to assess the power he was exuding. It was more magical than a vampire possessed.  I had to get out of here. I had to keep him busy while I figured out a way to escape. One huge window at the far end of the room was covered with thick drapes, and a set of double doors that I assumed led to the rest of his establishment. 
“Oh, as to breaking me?” I clucked my tongue. “You see, you don’t know me. If you did, you wouldn’t have offered me that challenge. I will make certain I end myself before I cave to someone like you!”
He frowned, “Apparently, you don’t know who I am, so I shall forgive your arrogance.”
“There ya go. Don’t know you, don’t want to know you,” I said, but the truth was, I had a bad feeling that I knew exactly who he was. For all my bluster and bluffing, I could be in serious trouble.
He inclined his head, “I am Vidal and you and I, Smokie McGuire will be great…colleagues, maybe more, for you are quite beautiful and I should like teaching you how to please me in my bed.”
I closed my eyes. Yup. I knew it. I had already guessed who he was, but was hoping I was wrong. How the hell was I going to escape him? And the thought of being in bed with him absolutely grossed me out. 
Vidal was the legendary (among vamps) ancient. I hadn’t told Grail that Sharon had filled me in on Vidal and his unique power and rule over the vamps, not only in New Orleans, but worldwide. I am pretty certain there isn’t a vamp in the entire world that hasn’t heard of Vidal. He was nearly as well-known as good ‘ole Drac.
“Not happening,” I told him as though he hadn’t just laid it on me that he was the most powerful vampire in New Orleans. “I do my own thing.” I pulled a face at him, hoping my cockiness would infuriate him. “I don’t partner up with anyone, not even you.”
“You want manners,” he said in an amused voice. “I do not tolerate rudeness.”
“I want manners? You bring me here against my will and intrude on my private life? Gimme a break,” I snapped. “Besides, manners…aren’t quite relevant here. You need me for something, so…you want to bargain. I don’t.”
“I am Vidal,” he repeated as though giving me another chance to acknowledge him as a vampire God.
“Yeah, so?”
He waved a finger at me and said, “Is it possible that because you are a new vampire…a loner, I am told, that you have never heard of me?”
He didn’t need to know what I did or didn’t know.
I had to get out of here. That was all I knew. I surprised myself by responding, “Oh, I’ve heard of you—born vampire, fancies himself King of the Vampires, and all that. But the thing is, I don’t live in your Kingdom. You said it, I am a loner. So I repeat, yeah, so?”
“Careful child. I do not tolerate insubordination.”
“Look, I have things to do. What exactly do you want from me?” I asked impatiently really trying to goad him.
“Rude girl, as I said, your manners are non-existent, and I am just the right one to teach them to you. Manners and so much more.”
“I don’t think so.” I purposely looked him over from his slicked dark blond hair, over his fancy grey and white print shirt to his grey silk pants and grimaced. “Not my type.”
“I will be when I am done with you. For now, I am allowing you some license because you may not be aware of my rules and the punishment I dispense when my rules are broken.”
“Look, I don’t travel with vamps. I don’t hang with them and I don’t bother with your class system or your rules. You want to punish me for that? Go ahead. Not afraid of dying. Didn’t want to be a vamp in the first place.”
“Oh, I wouldn’t kill you, only make you wish you were dead,” he said and evil dripped from every word. 
I believed his threat but I needed him to be enraged. “Really. Well, already dead and wishing I wasn’t. Someone like you, would waste his time bringing me here just to get himself worked up enough to torture me? I don’t read you like that.”
I could see he was angry. His eyes glinted.  “No, at the moment I don’t wish to torture you, but you would do well to remember the lesson I am about to inflict on you.” He twisted his wrist in the air.
Nothing. Absolutely nothing happened. He frowned and twisted his wrist again.
“Well?” I taunted and wondered what the hell he was trying to do. He evidently believed twisting his wrist was going to cause me pain. Huh. It wasn’t working was it?
“Why isn’t it working?” he asked no one in particular.
“Hmm…Mr. All powerful have a problem?” I taunted. He had tried to hurt me and it didn’t work. He would eventually fix the problem and the pain would begin. Hell, I needed to get out before he solved his problem. 
What I noticed and assessed was the fact that Vidal remained in the dusky light. He hadn’t ventured into the lit part of the room where I stood. I concluded he preferred or needed the dark. If he was a born vampire, sunlight shouldn’t be a problem, unless he had spent all these centuries draining and killing humans.
I made up my mind. Now was the moment. Now when he was confused.
Vamp speed took me to the drapes covering the large window they concealed. Without hesitation, without a backward glance at him, I used only some of my vamp strength and pulled down the heavy velvet drapes at the wide window.
 Sunlight poured into the room, filling every bit of its large expanse.
To my relief and great satisfaction Vidal made an awful sound as he ducked behind his hands and raced out of the room. 
I turned on the demon who had been momentarily frozen with shock. “Want to pit your strength against mine and try and stop me from leaving?”
He didn’t move. 
So before he changed his mind and attacked, I crashed through the window and landed like a cat on my feet two stories down. 
I looked around and for a moment couldn’t fathom where the hell I was.
Didn’t matter. I ran full speed in a southerly direction. Instinct took me as it so often does. My witch DNA at work.
I had only gotten a couple of miles when I recognized a few streets and realized just how far out of the historic section of New Orleans I had been. There was only one place I wanted to go, Hazard!
Vampire speed took me to the Dark Lord’s club five minutes later.
I had played it cool and cocky when abducted by the ancient vampire, but it wasn’t how I felt. Vidal was a scary dude and I needed to know why he was after me. I mean, holy jeez, I am an absolute nobody in the vampire world. What did the ancient vampire think I could do for him. 
The club was closed. I knocked, or rather I banged hard on the door.
A huge man with a shaggy haircut and the golden eyes of a wolf and the smile of a charmer, opened it a crack. I shoved it open. He said, “Careful, little girl.”
I gave him a glare that silently told him I did not appreciate being called a ‘little girl’. I was about to push my way past him when I heard a movement from the rear of the open galley and then heard his voice, loud, clear and oddly soothing. 
“Let her in,” Wilder said from where he stood in a doorway to a backroom.
I turned to the sound of his voice which annoyed me to admit went through me and sent shivers up my spine. 
Our gazes locked and I was aware of the sexual tension between us. It was like a warm and intoxicating current that flowed in a wide wave from him to me and back again. Oh damn, I was being fanciful. This was ridiculous. 
And then I saw the redhead from last night, the one who had stepped between us to kiss him. She slid off the huge desk in his office and came up behind him to run her hand down his white silky covered chest.
I heard her say in her husky sensual voice, “Later, darling.”
He didn’t respond. He didn’t look at her. Instead, he took a step toward me.
Oh no, all the more reason to put distance between us. He was, as I had suspected, a player and I wanted nothing to do with that sort of man in my life, no matter how much my body wanted to be with his body. My mind was too smart for that.
“Wilder,” I said and marched towards him. “You will never believe what I have just been through, and I blame you.”
“Hush, Smoke. Calm down and come in,” he said and put his hand on my back.
As I passed by him I looked up at his oh so gorgeous face. He was frowning and he said, “Now, tell me, what happened.”
“Till you…I lived a quiet, unobtrusive life. Now, you start talking about prophesies and an ancient born vamp and the next thing I know, boom, demon creep pushes me through a portal and there I was, standing in front of Vidal himself! Not good. Really not good!”
He had closed the door, stopped in mid-movement and said quietly, “Tell me all, from the beginning.”
So, I did, with a few expletives to express just how I felt about what I had just experienced.
“A portal,” he interrupted me to question. “Vidal used a portal? To where?”
“If you hadn’t interrupted I would have told you already. The demon pulled and then pushed me and I landed in what I thought was a dungeon because it was so dark, but was really a library…Vidal’s library, though where his place is, I am not sure, quite a few miles north of the Garden District I think.”
He folded his arms across his chest and said, “How did you get away?”
He looked suspicious and that infuriated me.
I poked his chest and said, “Hey, don’t believe me? Fine. Go have some fun with your redhead, I am outta here.”
He had my shoulders and he said softly, “First of all, I do absolutely believe you. You have no reason to come here and lie, and besides, your facial expressions, sweetheart, always gives you away. Second, the redhead? She isn’t mine, nor do I want her to be. She is an accomplished witch who keeps me informed on many matters. Nothing more.” He released my shoulders.
I couldn’t look at him and the words slipped out before I could stop them, “Sure looks like more to me.”
He laughed. Damn him, he actually laughed. “I have been alive a great many centuries and I was not a monk, my love, but…”
“The clothes…in the guestroom, are they hers?” What was wrong with me? Why was I asking such stupid questions? Why should I care? But, deep down, I wanted to know the answers.
“As it happens, I have never…entertained a female in my home. You are the first. So no, the clothes were purchased with you in mind,” he said solemnly.
My truth antenna told me he wasn’t lying, but why I should feel elation over this was something I wasn’t ready to face.
He waited for me to say something. When I didn’t he sighed heavily and took my chin, “Now, beauty, how did you escape?”
“Vidal’s library was dark, so completely dark, except for some lights over me and the demon. I noticed that when he came towards me, he stopped short of the light. I figured the heavy drapes over his window needed to come down.” I shrugged. “Yeah, he didn’t like the sunlight, so I took that moment when he ran out and the demon looked flabbergasted and I crashed outside and ran.”
“The demon didn’t try and follow?”
“I never looked back, but, from all I have learned in these two years of being a newbie vamp is that demons are nowhere as fast as vamps.”
“Correct. Right then, you have had your first introduction to Vidal and have come out quite well. I must go out, but you, Smokie, will remain here in my club. When I get back, you will have the next lesson in your education.”
“Education in what?”
“Warfare. I believe you will be a quick study. You have ingenuity as you exhibited today, and that will help you in the future, but you need skills and you need to know what you are up against.” 
“Yeah, well…I didn’t come here to learn how to fight,” I objected.
“What did you come here for?” he frowned. “We both know you did well today, but the next time, he will be prepared for you and Smokie, there will be a next time. He is an ancient with a purpose.”
“You can’t know that he will still come after me,” I objected. That stubborn streak. 
“Smokie, you know you didn’t come here expecting me to soothe your tattered nerves,” he said softly. 
“Maybe I came for tea and pastries,” I said and plopped into one of his leather chairs facing his desk. 
Softly he said, “You did well. Your instincts serve you better than I could have for against Vidal.” He flicked his wrist, and both tea and pastries appeared on the desk.
“Stay, eat, I shan’t be long,” he said and in a puff of black, my Dark Lord was gone.
I smiled and poured a cup of tea from the pretty tea pot, added some sugar, sipped the delicious brew and wondered what next was coming. 

~ Four ~


WHEN MY HOLY GRAIL RETURNED, he did so with a load of questions.
Wait, did I just think that? My Holy Grail? No. He wasn’t mine. I got stuck on this in my head for a few moments and had a downright but silent argument with myself.
I could hear him talking but I couldn’t concentrate on what he was asking. When I didn’t answer, he took my hand and led me into the main galley, and then behind the bar. He held onto me as he moved his hand along the far edge of a shelf where, he unbent just as I heard the click of a switch. A hidden door made to look like part of the wall, opened inwards just a crack. He pushed it further and pulled me inside with him. 
I stopped and I think my mouth opened because I was sucking air through it.
On the other side of that narrow, hidden door was a world all on its own.
This was a Hollywood horror movie producer’s dream. The room was dimly lit and the ceiling was like a dark velvet sky alive with twinkling stars and traversing planets, none of which I recognized from this galaxy. It was a 3-D planetarium. Spectacular and yes, magical. 
As it happens, there are some things I have learned over the years from both my father and my mother, so I knew what this was—a portal between universes!
I have always been drawn to white magic. I mean physically drawn to it and ridiculously I felt embraced by what my mother referred to as ‘magic of the light’. When I come across it and in New Orleans, that happens quite a lot, I feel a glow surround me. I felt that now. 
Here was ‘white magic’ and its power was immense. Odd, that, since here, standing beside me was the Dark Lord.
I don’t know why, but I lifted one finger and pointed at an unusual star alive with rainbow colors.
I almost jumped when a voice, robotic, genderless and emanating from that rainbow colored star actually spoke and said, “Welcome Princess of the Light.”
I looked around. No one behind me. Grail Wilder stood to one side, watching me. “Er…ah…” I meant as a question, loud and clear and meaning, what the hell?
Grail Wilder folded his arms across his chest. His white silk shirt was open midway down his chest and I was able to see a great deal more of his tattoos. They formed a familiar design. My father had similar tattoos on his chest and biceps.
I also noticed that Wilder’s expression was unreadable as he ignored my reaction to the faceless voice that had called me a ‘Princess of the Light’. 
“Indeed,” he said, “So, Princess of the Light, tell me your father’s name. Just who was your father?”
“My father? I…why? What does it matter who my father is…was?”
“Because you know, don’t you? You know you are so much more than a vampire with expectations of becoming an earthly witch. Your present magic or what you call instincts, comes from your maternal side, but, your powers inherited from your father, are about to bloom. You must know that. You must have seen something was different about your father when you were growing up. Tell me, what was his name?”
I don’t know why this angered me. Perhaps because he was suggesting that my parents kept too big a secret from me. I had always suspected that, but hearing it from someone else was infuriating. I got control but said, “My father, is my business. You don’t understand. I grew up thinking him…the sun, the stars and the moon. My father walked on water and then one day vanished out of our lives. I was only fourteen and coping without him…with my mom broken by his loss. You don’t understand. Mom was never the same after he vanished.”
He took me into his arms and I let him. He stroked my head and whispered, “I am so sorry, Smokie.”
“My father’s name was Canyon McGuire,” I answered and heard the grief in my own voice. “I don’t speak about my dad because the fact I have to face is that he might have just left us of his own accord, or…worse, that he…that something happened to him. If he was a paranormal, he never told me. But, I do remember hearing my mom tell him once she wanted a normal life for us while I was a child.”
“What else do you remember?”
“When I was fourteen, just before we lost him, we came home from a festival in the French Quarter. I overheard him tell my mom he had to go out. They argued and I heard the door slam.” I shrugged. “He never came back.”
My Dark Lord stroked my cheek and said. “I don’t think it was his choice to leave you and your mother.”
“I don’t either. He wasn’t like that. He would never have left my mom to wonder…to…suffer like she did.”
“Forget that now, and tell me something joyful, like why your parents named you Smoke?”
“My mom didn’t. She said Dad insisted on the name. He wanted something of himself to be a part of who I was. That never sense to me. How is my name being Smoke…something of himself? But, we were so happy…life was so perfect and I never questioned the reasoning.” I shrugged and added, “It was a kinda cool name and as I was popular in school…I was happy with it.”
Wilder looked intently at me. In his blue eyes I saw something that tickled my imagination and made me shiver with need. He had an erotic hold on my libido and I watched him as he ran his hand through his black hair. After a moment he said, “It all makes sense now.”
“What all makes sense?” I frowned at him. “What are you talking about?”
“You say his name is Canyon? That rings a bell…but, I can’t quite place it—put it with a face.”
“Rings a bell?” I said more than astonished. I grabbed his arm. “You knew my father?”
“I am not sure. I need…to think about this,” he said quietly.
“You are lying. I can tell. Why would you lie to me about knowing him? Grail, please, tell me.”
“Not lying, I just need to be sure,” he answered impatiently.
“Wait, no. Not fair. I answered your questions and talked about something very personal and hurtful to me. You must tell me what you know about my father. You must.”
“Dear heart,” he said and touched my cheek with his thumb, ran it down to my lips. “We were friends in passing…more acquaintances than friends. I knew him under another name and he explained that he was using the name of McGuire because he had broken all his…families’ rules and married a human.” Grail looked away and then back at me. “You must favor your mother, although…your eyes are even greener than his, as I recall.”
“Yes, I have his eyes, but not his auburn hair color. I am blonde like my mom was. Tell me what you know about him?”
“I only know that he was happy. He came to me once…wanted to know if I knew how to make a mortal…immortal without destroying her soul.”
“My mom? Why would he want to make my mom immortal?”
“Because sweetheart, he was.”
“No, no…” I said.
“I knew him a century ago. We met in passing and then we met here again in New Orleans just after he married your mother.”
“No…immortal?” I was stuck on this.
He held my shoulders in his large hands. “Somewhere inside of you Smoke, you own his magic. He was the Prince of Light and from the Deatach Realm. He named you after his native realm. Deatach means Smoke. That is why the Mystic recognized you immediately. You have enormous power that must be locked away inside of you and needs to be released. I imagine your father installed a switch to release it in stages in order to give you time to adjust to its potency.”
“What? Why…why would they have kept it secret?”
“I don’t know. I know your mother told him she wanted to give you a normal…human life for as long as she could. Smoke, your full might must be formidable. I can help you adjust to it. Let me help you unlock who you really are.”
“If…if I am so magical, can I rid myself of the vamp in me?”
He shook his head, “I don’t think so, but you can mitigate your vampire needs. There is no cure for vampirism, but your magic will make you so much more comfortable.” He pulled me close and held me, “Are you ready?”
Hell no, I wasn’t ready and damn straight, yes I wanted to know everything.

~ Five ~


I PUSHED OFF HIM AND ran as fast as I could outside the club. I stood in the fresh air, bent over my belly and fought the tears that threatened to take over. I took long hard breaths. I sucked in that air and couldn’t think. 
Secrets! I hate secrets and apparently my parents had been keeping more than the ‘average’ amount of them from me. Not right. I should have been told…at least before my dad left us and then especially afterwards.
Holy Grail with his beautiful blue eyes was in front of me, pulling me into his arms, crushing me in his embrace, whispering, “I’m sorry, Smoke. I’m sorry. I knew putting it all together would be difficult…but, I believed and still do, that you deserve the truth.”
I was angry at the world and shoved him away. He didn’t let me go.
“Sharon couldn’t have known that you were an immortal,” he said as much to himself as to me, “She would never have given you her blood, had she known.” 
“I did know. I have always known,” said a familiar and dear voice. 
We both spun around as she walked up to us, beautiful reddish hair silky loose and long, amber brown eyes bright with emotion.
I faced her. “You are my friend and knew? How could you have still turned me?”
“You hadn’t come of age. Your immortality in this realm had not yet kicked in. That is what I knew,” she said sadly. “I had tried to tell you so many times, but you were so happy being human…and I wanted to prolong that comfort for you.”
“You weren’t my roomy by accident,” I said as new dawning descended.
“No, I was an acquaintance of your parents…and I have always known about the damned prophecy.”
I was in shock. I couldn’t speak.
“Sharon,” Wilder said with an inclination of his handsome head. “Let’s all go inside and talk.”
She gave him a rueful look, “I suppose you and Smoke meeting at this time was inevitable?”
“I suppose, but, she shouldn’t have been kept in the dark…so, time for you to come clean with her, but not out here.”
“No, I hear Vidal is on the hunt for her,” Sharon said grimly.
“On the hunt?” I shouted. “He found me. I escaped but don’t you think my best friend should have warned me?”
The next thing I knew, I was back in Wilder’s arms and in a dark cloud traveling. We stepped out into his office.
I just laid my head on his chest. So far in my world, he was the only one who had told me the truth.
Sharon stormed in a moment afterwards, looking like fury.
“Don’t take off with her like that. She isn’t baggage!” Sharon yelled.
“No, she is a precious Princess of the Light and her time is now,” he said quietly. “And as to taking off with her, I will do so if and when I think she is threatened in any way. Understood?”
Sharon’s amber eyes were lit with anger, and they narrowed, but she did not object. Instead, she said, “Right…you have appointed yourself her…what? Guardian? Fine. Now it is time to let her know what is expected of each of us and what we are up against, if we are to stop a declaration of war from Vidal on all paranormals!”
* * * * *
It was a couple of hours later when Sharon left us, saying she had a ‘meeting’ she couldn’t miss and my Holy Grail as I now think of him, softly said my name.
“Smoke…I want to try and see if you can access the gift your father left you. Are you willing?”
“A gift?” It dawned on me. Somehow my father had left me a memory he believed I would be able to access in time. I still asked, “You mean…in my head? A memory that he left for me?”
“Yes love. But it will be more than a memory. You will be unlocking something both frightening and beautiful. I think you can handle it. Do you?”
“Damn straight,” I told him not sure I could.
“I will be with you every step of the way if that is what you want…or you can leave me behind and go exploring in your head on your own.”
“I want you with me,” I said and realized just how much this was true. I had come to trust him. Thus far, he had been honest with me, which was more than my parents or even my closest friend had been.
We were still in his office. He set me in a black leather chair and said, “Close your eyes, baby.” 
I did as he asked and he put his fingers on either side of my forehead and lightly massaged. “Good. Now, I want you to imagine a low burning fire. Do you see it?”
“Yes,” I answered.
“Throw a sprinkle of water on the fire…”
“How?
“Imagine you have a bowl of water in your hands.”
“Yes, I have now,” I said.
“Sprinkle the low burning fire.”
“Smoke…it is smoking…” I told him, excitedly.
“Go into the smoke. You can travel through fire into the smoke, any kind of smoke and emerge unscathed. That is one of the reasons he named you Smoke.”
“But…?” I said.
“Just do it. Wait…do you see me. Take my hand.”
“I saw him beside me and did just that.
He said, “Imagine yourself with me…taking a leap into and through the smoke.”
The next thing I knew I yanked on his hand as I pulled him into the billowing dark smoke with me!
Everything cleared and a warm feeling came over me. I looked at Wilder, who squeezed my fingers and whispered, “Patience.”
A familiar and dear voice said, “Smoke, my daughter.”
My dad’s voice filled my head and I almost burst into tears. It had been so long since I heard him speak. My father stepped out of nowhere and I ran to hug him but there was no substance to him. I went right through and turned to Wilder, “What happened?”
“Your father installed an image of himself in your brain along with the information he wanted you to have. Think of it like a chip—a mixture of science and magic. He isn’t really here. Only his image and voice. You won’t be able to talk to him, but you will be able to learn from him.”
“But you are here, I can feel your hand,” I said.
“Because I am here baby. I am holding your hand and my magic allows me to join you in your head.”
I digested this and turned back to my father. “Dad,” I said. “I have missed you so much.”
“My dear-heart. You need an explanation, so I am here to give it to you. Your mother needs an explanation. I shall start with that.”
“Dad…mom died while I was in college. In an accident…”
“He can’t hear you, baby,” Wilder whispered.
“I am a prince in my realm. Prince Canyon of Naraclyn. I broke the law when I took a mortal as my wife. I was, however, forgiven what they called an indiscretion, because your mother was a mortal and when she was gone, they believed I would return home and take my place on the council. I love your mother. The thought of her…dying, was unacceptable. I looked for and finally found a way to give her immortality without destroying her soul. That is a law when broken is punishable by death in Deatach. Before I was able to give her the elixir, I was captured and imprisoned by the council.” 
I turned to Wilder, “My dad…he is alive.”
Wilder put a finger to my lips. “Listen, baby.”
“My sister, at great risk to herself, traveled to you and installed this memory chip in you while you slept. I want you to concentrate on all your inherent powers—those you get from me and the earthly magic you inherited from your grandmother. Time runs differently in our realm, as do seasons, so I am unable to tell you at what age you will come into your rightful mana. I only wish I were there to help you. My brother always wanted my position. He betrayed me and now means to do what he can to become a King of the Realm. There are factions here that have rebelled and wish to free me. But as I said, our time here is very different than yours. What seems like a month or two here, could be a year or two in your world. Remember always, tell your mother, that my love for you both is deep and everlasting.”
With that last, his image and voice vanished.
And then I felt like I was falling into open space. Through the silent tears running down my face, pouring into my heart, I clung to my Holy Grail and when we landed, it was in a cloud of smoke so thick I had to use my free hand to part the waves.
When I did, knowledge flooded into my head, fast and sure and overwhelming and magic I never thought possible suddenly became very real and mine to employ!
And then everything went blank.

* * * * *
“Smokie…” 
“I heard him calling my name over and over. Icy cold and wet hit my forehead and then my cheeks. What? He was wiping my face down with a cold wet rag. My lashes flickered and I tried to focus on his blue eyes, full with concern.
I tried to give him a reassuring smile and it hit me, I wanted to reassure him. I tried to sit up and felt him gently keep me in place. I must have fainted which is absurd. I don’t faint. I never fainted as a human…and as a vamp, I was pretty sure I wasn’t supposed to be able to faint. This was crazy shit.
“Hi,” I said. “Did I black out?”
“Yes,” he answered softly.
“How long?”
“Not long…ten, maybe fifteen minutes.” The back of his hand rested on my cheek a moment and his voice was low, so low and full of emotion when he asked, “How do you feel?”
“Ten minutes?” I shook my head and pushed up and into a sitting position. I trusted him to tell me the truth and asked, “You were really with me…in my head? You saw my dad?”
“I did and now I am certain he is alive. I suspected it because he wouldn’t just leave you and your mother…and killing an immortal such as your father—a royal, is nearly impossible, at least for any paranormal here in this realm,” Wilder said quietly.
“How were you and my father friends? I mean…you are the Dark Lord…?”
“Never mind all that, let’s get you fit. I have nice hot tea with a shot of smooth brandy just waiting for you to sip.”
“Hmmm,” I said and allowed him to help me to my feet and see me seated at a small round table with two upholstered black leather chairs near the window. It was then that I realized we weren’t in his office but in his home in the Garden District. He must have transported us there while I was out cold. 
I sighed and then sipped at the hot toddy. 
The back of his hand rested on my cheek a moment and his voice was low, so low and full of emotion when he asked, “How do you feel, baby?”
When he called me baby, or sweetheart, it bolstered my sexual craving. 
The truth was he made me hungry for a toss in bed. I was certain he was the one that would fulfill me. But, though I trusted him to tell me the truth, I still saw him as a player. In the end I would care far more than I thought he would or could.
Still, I wanted his mouth on mine, his hands all over me. Will power at work. I controlled the urgings of my libido and said, “Not exactly sure.”
“Sick? Are you sick?”
“No, as to that, I feel rejuvenated…like I want up and out for a run…I feel…completely and totally loaded with power and ready to take on Vidal and bury him.”
He laughed, “You have magical might coursing through you. I can sense it, but, you still need to train in order to use that might.” He took my hand and squeezed. “Then tell me, Smoke, because, when you parted your hand through that last thick smoke, I was thrown out of your head. I felt a force, an incredibly powerful force, literally take hold of me and send me flying. What happened—can you remember?”
“Yes, I remember the moment I lost hold of your hand, but I wasn’t frightened at all.” I shrugged, “I’m guessing that apparently my father’s DNA kicked in which in turn released my grandmother’s magic as well. I felt vines of incredible force…delicious white magic thread through my nerves. I felt this all-encompassing knowledge hit my brain, all sorts of spells and science bombard me at once. It felt as though my head was going to burst. I was filled with more magic than anyone one person was meant to handle all at once, and yet, I remember feeling…complete as all of it came together. Then, boom, I couldn’t take anymore and the lights went out.”
“Indeed, it is incredible to me that you look…completely recovered after such a harrowing experience.”
I stared at him as I thought about this. Yes, I felt all powerful and yet, hesitant about taking my power in hand and using it. How could I control this awesome mana inside of me, if I let loose? 
I felt as though I could do anything, and my body felt…tingly as though waiting, no, itching to be used. I felt something wild surging through my blood and it needed release. I thought about him, and what it would feel like to have him under me…no, control. I looked away and said, “Am I recovered? Perhaps physically, but…not sure about my head.”
“You need relief,” he said and frowned. “You need to use some of all that energy vibrating with newness in your blood. Try using some of your white magic.”
“Magic? Like what?”
“Think of something you want from your house…a favorite book. Think about that book and use your magic to bring it here.”
“You think I can do that?”
“You now know that your father was a prince in a Realm of Immortals. I think he—you are shall we say cousins to the Seelie Fae. I mean to do some research on Deatach and find out more, but in the meantime, yes, I think you can do that with just a thought.”
I remembered I had been reading a romance novel by my favorite author. I pictured it in my mind, resting on my nightstand, and wished for it to appear in my hands. 
Voilà. In my hands, right in my hands, with its sexy cover and…I saw him smile, no not smile, but smirk.
“What?” I demanded.
“You read those?”
“Yes, it is great reading,” I felt my eyes narrow.
He put up his hands, “Okay, okay. What is more important is that you were able to immediately access your power. Not an easy thing to transport physical items over space.”
I grinned, “Feels good, I feel good.”
Wilder looked excited as he said, “Excellent, baby. We’ll start your training tomorrow.”
“Training? Start?” 
“Yes, if your father had been here with you, for you, he would have been able to help you secure your magical abilities without injury to yourself or anyone else. He isn’t here, so, please, accept my help, Smokie.”
I eyed him, one brow up, “Well, since you ask so very nicely…that is, if you think you can handle me?”
He took me into his arms and whispered, “Handle you? I don’t think anyone can handle you, but I would love to find out what we can do together. Smokie, do you know what it is you do to me? Because I don’t…Smokie, forgive me…but, I just can’t stop.” 
He kissed me then and damn, my mind went into hyper-drive. I was burning for him. He couldn’t stop? Neither could I, and I had no intention of doing so. All better judgement dissipated and I turned into a primal woman in need. Gone was my self-control, my so-called will power. Damn, no will power, it was out to lunch!
He had my clothes off with a flick of his magical wrist. I reciprocated with a thought and reveled in the release of power.
His voice, low and husky was at my ear, “Baby, I am going to take you now hard and fast because I can’t wait…don’t want to wait.”
“Yes, need that...need it now!” I definitely agreed, hard and fast was good, very good.
He held my waist with both his hands and picked me up. Oh hot damn! Yes, I wrapped my legs around him as he positioned his cock, jeeez, big cock and slammed into me. 
Holy good gosh! The sensations that swept through me took me to a planet called heady pleasure. I couldn’t pump against him enough. I was reckless and wanton and had the super strength to take what I needed while I held on to him with everything I was, or had become.
He walked me to his bedroom, groaning with pleasure and walking like that with his cock inside of me touched all the right places inside my sex. I exploded with a release that went right to the top of my head and then I shuddered all the way back down to my toes.
He put me on the bed, I let my legs drop and he raised my legs up so that my calves straddled his hips. He pulled out of me then and I grabbed for him, didn’t want it all to stop.
“Oh baby, I’m not going anywhere but back inside,” he said in a voice that sent me into a tornado of lust. He was on his knees, taking a hold of my ass, lifting me to meet…oh fuck, his lips!
He did as promised, but not with his dick. Instead he was between my legs, lapping and diving deep with his talented tongue. I arched in a glory of heat. I called his name. I have never had this done to me, for me—ever, and I told him, “Holy Grail…I…you…oh, yes…yes!”
He nibbled at my clit and there it was, that rising sensation climbing all through my nerves, demanding release and getting it! He brought me to a climax that almost had me on the ceiling. Tremors of pleasure relaxed my body and I fell back again against the mattress. All I could think was, more, I wanted more of him.
He had me in his grip, but as I settled down, he released my butt and climbed closer to me on the bed. I smiled as he pulled me onto my hands and knees. He never gave me a moment to wonder what he was about to do next. I found out, and joined him in a wild pumping of sexual need.
He was at my rump, pressing his large dick against me, as he said, “Smokie, you are perfection. You just don’t know how exquisite you are, do you? Let me show you what you do to me.” 
He slammed into me then, and I felt that wonderful cock of his go deep, so deep as his movements annihilated everything but the pleasure. I rocked back against him. He reached around me and fondled my breasts and then lightly brushed my nipples with his thumbs. 
Harder, faster, he slammed into me. His rhythm was easy so easy to meet merge with. Damn, but we were crazy wild and I thought we would break his bed as I responded with equal fervor. 
And there it was again, that growing, pure primal, feral sensation that took me into space and detonated with a force that made me shake and tremble and say his name.
“Good girl,” he said. “Oh baby, I could live inside you!” he said as his voice rose and my Holy Grail exploded deep within me.
Even as his body stiffened, even as his climax roared through him, he held me close and rolled over holding me cradle-like as he whispered, “Smoke.”
I smiled and closed my eyes.
He said, “What are you doing?”
“What do you mean?” I was surprised.
“No rest for you, baby, you have super stamina now and I mean to tap it,” he said with a chuckle. 
He had me on my back and took my breasts in his hand as he lowered his lips to brush gently one nipple and then the other. He suckled there until I was arching and heating up all over again.
His kisses then traveled to my neck and my ears and he whispered, “This round…I am taking the slow and easy route. This round, baby, I am making love to you…”
His kiss was like our first, wild and hungry and full of mystery. Just who was this Dark Lord? He was passionate and yet gentle. He was determined, yet considerate. He was…oh holy hell, he was good…I almost said out loud as his fingers played between my thighs and found just the right spot.
All at once, I wanted to play. I wanted to hold his dick. I wanted to kiss and lick and suck. I pulled away from his wonderful fingers and pushed him onto his back, “My turn,” I told him and bent to his rigid, now dancing cock.
I held its length and stroked with a gentle up and down motion before I bent further and kissed the tip, tentatively sucked it partially into my mouth, paused to look up at his face and ask, “Is this right?” Again my one nighter had not prepared me for this.
“Hell yeah!”
I smiled and I took him deep into my mouth. I wanted him so much. Lust took over as I sucked as much of his cock into my mouth as I could, stroked the length simultaneously and felt my body burn as I rubbed myself against him and used his knee to go off yet again. 
“Oh baby, no…not so fast, I want to taste every inch of you. Go slow woman, just try and go slow,” he growled and sounded so damn sexy.
He pulled me up with that while my body was still in shuddering mode from my climax. He took my tits into his large hands and said, “Climb on and ride me Smoke, ride me—take what you need.”
That suited me just fine. 
* * * * *
“That…” I said, “Was incredible. I am amazed we didn’t break the bed.”
“Its frame is made of steel. Had it made a couple of weeks ago when I first saw you again and realized you were a vamp.”
I sat up on my elbow. “What…wait…what? You planned to have me in bed?”
“Of course,” he answered at once, no hesitation. “How could I not? I have wanted you from the first moment I saw you…baby, more than wanted you…knew you and I were…what would be the words, ah yea, meant to be an item.”
I stared at him, “An item?” I wondered if that was a form of commitment. Didn’t quite make the mark for me. I decided not to prolong this conversation. We weren’t there yet, may never get there. He was not a long-term commitment type of guy.
He held me tightly against him and said, “How many boyfriends have you had in bed, Smoke?”
I laughed. “Wow, personal much.”
He grinned and sighed, “You’re right. I…don’t even know why I asked.”
“Was I too…inexperienced for you?” It suddenly hit me that I may not have satisfied him enough. Maybe he was into more kink than I had known how to give.
He laughed, “Oh baby, you didn’t just ask that! Holy shit, you were, are incredible. I couldn’t get enough of you and even now…I want to get back inside and make you go off over and over again.”
I smiled and snuggled. “I was only with one guy…for one night just before I became a senior at Tulane. I wasn’t sexually driven in those days and then afterwards…I, oh, I don’t know. Then there was the whole vampire thing and…”
“And as vampire you would have been sexually ravenous…no?” he was frowning down at me.
“No, I guess I retained who I am, and…before you, I wanted a commitment, a forever,” I said and then realized I might be scaring him off and I didn’t want to do that. No. I wanted more of what he had just given me. Supreme pleasure. “Not expecting that from you, of course.”
He laughed, “What is wrong with forever with me?”
“Well, for one thing, you are the Dark Lord of New Orleans and have had more women than I can count on my fingers and toes, so I’m sure you are not into forever.”
“What I am into, is you,” he said softly. “Let’s not think of tomorrow, Smoke…right now, you’re mine and I have no intentions of letting you go.”
I eyed him, “Possessive much for someone not into forever.”
He laughed, “Fishing?” 
He kissed me then, long and hard and whispered, “Get some rest baby. We have a big day tomorrow.”
“Hmm. Big day, why?”
“I’ll tell you in the morning,” he said and brushed his lips against mine.
Sleep sounded like a good idea and the next thing I knew, I was out just like that proverbial light.
I don’t know what woke me. I glanced at the clock and saw that it was late and his side of the bed was empty.
I sat up and saw a dim light coming from an ante-room. A hidden pocket door was partially open. I got up, and ridiculously shy of my nakedness I stole a white T-shirt from his drawer and slipped it on before I made my way toward the light. I slid the door open further and he turned and gave me such a welcoming smile I almost jumped his bones right there.
“Smoke,” he whispered. “Damn, I do hope I didn’t wake you?”
“I am a light sleeper,” I said and went into his outstretched arm. He pulled me close with that one arm while his other hand pointed to a huge old manuscript open wide on the long desk in front of him. I looked around then and realized we were in a large windowless room filled with manuscripts and books. “What is this?”
“My collection of arcane manuscripts from many, many realms. This one is a copy of a memoir written by a friend of my family. He was a scholar in the Deatach Realm and worked with the House of Naraclyn, your father’s family, to record their history.” He shook his head, “I knew his name sounded familiar. My family studied the Immortals of Deatach. Smoke, your heritage is remarkable and the powers of Naraclyn are comparable to those of the Tuatha Dé Dannan—or better known as the Fae, also called The Children of the Light.”
“The Mystic…it called me, Princess of the Light…are my…people somehow connected to the Fae?”
“I would guess, distant cousins,” he said and smiled. “Baby…today we start your training!”
“Wait, wait…this is all happening too fast. I am a vampire. Doesn’t that interfere with what my father’s DNA…?”
“No, and I believe the Deatach Immortal in you will help you reduce the effects of the vampirism in your blood, though I don’t think it will cure you of it.”
“No cure? Are you sure?”
“Only relatively sure,” He struck his free hand to his forehead, “Vampire! What is wrong with me? Do you need…a packet?”
“You mean a blood packet?” I eyed him looking for disgust in his eyes. There wasn’t any. I shook my head. “No…I probably will soon though, but…and I did notice something when I woke up.”
“What?”
“My fangs aren’t quite as prominent. Still sharp…but…different somehow.”
We stared at each other and then he pulled me onto his lap and kissed me long and hard before he let me go and sighed. “Go on, Smoke, shower and put on something comfortable. We will go up to the second floor where I have everything you need.”
“Which is?” 
“You’ll see,” he stood me up and gave my rump a pat as he turned me away. “I transferred all your clothes from your home to my closet. I put the white wicker armoire beside my black one in our bedroom. All your other needs are set up for you in our bathroom suite.”
“Pretty bossy…assuming I will just stay here,” I told him but couldn’t keep the smile off my face or stop the pleasure I felt with some of my independence apparently seized by my Holy Grail.
“Smoke, you must know how I feel. You must realize what is happening between us is something I have never experienced. It is too soon to talk about more than just that, but, I have never lived with a woman before. In all my hundreds of years…you are the first I have allowed into my private sanctuary.”
“And yet you have a guest room?”
“I have it as a convenience…to give shelter to a paranormal friend now and then who needs my help,” he grinned. “One in particular is Shags. My favorite shifter. You met him at my club.”
“So, once upon a time, you helped him and now he is your trusted…what, side-kick?” I bantered.
“My trusted friend. Briefly, Shags was thrown out of his pack because he had alpha tendencies and the alpha of his pack felt threatened by him. There was an alpha female who couldn’t make up her mind and if she chose Shags, his position as alpha would have been solidified. It should have been settled with a challenge, but instead, Shags was overtaken, beaten nearly to death and left in the swamp for the gators. I happened to be visiting a…friend and saw him crawling out of shallow water. I took him up, brought him to my club, and helped his own shifter healing powers by speeding up the process. One of my abilities is ‘healing’. I then paid the murderous alpha a visit and told him Shags was now in my employ and if one bushy hair was pulled from his head, I would be back. Shags offered his unending service. I declined and told him he was a free man who needed to find his own pack.”
“But, he stayed,” I said softly.
“He did, and has become a dear and trusted friend, but free to come and go as he pleases. I don’t take in slaves or indentured servants.” Wilder’s voice softened.
“My, my, Dark lord, you do surprise me at every turn. Not so dark, after all,” I whispered into his ear.
He put a finger to his lips and said, “Shhh. No one need know that.” He shrugged, “We all have dark and light inside of us, ever ready to combat with each other. One has to know when and how to use those…influences.” He kissed me then, sweetly, completely, and I knew in that moment what was happening to me. I was falling in love!

~ Six ~


I STEPPED OUT OF MY Holy Grail’s shower with the wonderful multi-heads of great water pressure, and reached for a towel. 
“Hey Wilder?” I called suggestively. “Want to dry my back?”
No one answered so I wrapped myself in the towel and padded into the bedroom. The bed was neatly made and in its center was a note.
I unfolded it to read:

“Smoke, sweetheart:

I know I said we would train this morning, but something has come up. We’ll put it off till later today.

Don’t go out. I have some business I have to attend to and should be back in an hour or so.
I put a call button into your phone. Only you and Shags can reach me on it and use it if you must.”

I was both disappointed and delighted all in one moment. The way he had written both my name and sweetheart shivered through me and poked my heart with the delight thing. The disappointment had the opposite effect. 
This was bad. I was beginning to depend on him for my happiness. That was something I had taught myself never to do…never depend on someone else for my daily smile. Not healthy, and yet, his absence had most definitely insinuated negatively on the pleasure I had been feeling.
I twirled my finger and oh, but I was really liking this magic thing I had going on. Boom! And my running clothes were on. Another twirl and my long hair was up in a ponytail.
I looked in the mirror. Yeah, bright-eyed and bushy-tailed, just from being sexually taken over the top all night long.
He had said ‘don’t go out’.
He must have had a good reason, my clear-thinking self, suggested.
Well, he should have told me why then, shouldn’t he have?
It was a beautiful day outside. He couldn’t mean that he didn’t want me to go for my exercise? Nah. He couldn’t mean that. Besides, I don’t do orders very well.
Thus, with a wicked grin at myself in the mirror, I ignored my ‘reasonable self’ and disobeyed my Holy Grail. 
I jog faster than most humans, but, not so fast as to draw attention to myself. Wilder’s home was in the heart of the Garden District, so it took me a few minutes to get to the far end of the French Quarter district where his club quietly took up an entire corner. 
I am contrary. Order me not to do something and damn, if you don’t give me a good reason to chew over, the next thing I know, I’m doing it. 
I was tickled at the thought of storming him in office and flaunting my disobedience. I was looking forward to the wild confrontation that would ensue. 
The club was closed during the day, so no one responded when I first knocked. I knocked again and still no response. I was about to use my newfound power when the door opened wide to display a tall, lean and good-looking shifter wolf.
Shags said, “Miss Smoke,” and waved me in. 
“Hi there,” I smiled and strode inside, stopped, and looked around. “Is he in his office?”
“No, he just left but…”
Before he could finish the sentence, we were interrupted as a flash of movement displayed a hand clutching at the wide ornate oak door that Shags was in the midst of closing.
A female growled, “Not so fast, Shags, my love. If she gets in…so do I.”
A flash of black leather and short red hair and I recognized the sexy witch as she was stopped in her tracks by Shags. He stood in her way. “Out, Sonya. You know better.”
He sounded polite, but firm. I studied her.
Sonya was the redheaded witch I saw kissing Wilder that fateful night I first stepped into his club. She didn’t look happy. 
“Out of my way, dog,” Sonya snapped and her amber eyes were lit with a gold storm. She was quite beautiful in a raw way. 
I stood my ground as she returned my scan with one of her own.
“I don’t know how you are out and about in the daylight, Dark witch, but, you don’t belong here.”
“I am out and about because my place is just two doors down and I know how to stay to the shadows. Now, stand down, dog-breath.”
He put his hand on her to lead her out the door and she shoved him hard and into the wall and had her hand and claws into his neck. Her witch powers were dark and deadly. I worried for a moment that she would hurt the shifter. 
Shags was my Holy Grail’s friend. That meant he was mine as well. I don’t allow my friends to be mistreated. My hand shot out and I felt the surge of magic rush through my arm, pick her up and plant her on her ass some feet away. It was all done with a thought, and I have to say, I impressed myself.
Shags grinned and inclined his head, “Thanks, but, I could have handled her.”
I laughed, “Ok, I’ll remember that next time.”
“Oh yeah, Miss Smoke, I can see why the boss likes you.”
“Likes her?” Sonya had jumped to her feet and came at me. She was taller and stared down and into my eyes as she hissed out with a sneer, “Look at you, Newbie—standing unafraid to face me. I am mistress of the most powerful coven in New Orleans.” She stepped back and shrugged. “You don’t know better, but you should. I know you think you are something special because the Dark Lord fucked you. But, you are nothing to him…just another whore he’ll cast aside when you tire him, and you will tire him...sooner or later everyone does…except me.”
The last words, ‘except me’ hurt, shot into my heart like a sharp knife. The words clouded my thoughts. Wilder had led me to believe that this redhead had been only a passing fancy. Was she still in his life? Was he still with her? That would explain all her anger.
“Then why am I welcome here…and you are not?” I asked because in spite of the jealousy I felt, I was still able to function logically. 
 She frowned and shoved me, as she hissed out with a fury that made her body shake, “Better watch your back little whore.”
“I already do, but listen up,” I snapped as I don’t take threats easily. “I think it is time for you to leave. You called me a Newbie. You have no idea what I really am, but I am ready to show you if you like and make you leave.”
“Make me?” she yelled and took hold of my blue spandex halter.
I don’t even know what happened. My mind went into protection mode. I felt power surge right through me, humming and ready.  
The next thing I knew, and without laying a hand on her, she was flying backwards out of the club and the oak door was slamming shut after her. I heard the locks fall into place and turned to find Shags’ light brown eyes alive with laughter.
“Extraordinary,” he said. “I’m guessing you are some kind of hybrid…witch and vamp? Is that it?”
“Something like that,” I said and for a moment frowned over the description. I needed to be able to control myself. I couldn’t unleash power like that randomly. 
“Yeah, well the boss said to make you comfortable whenever you showed up and to tell you specifically, he knew you would, show up, that is.”
My mouth dropped and Shags chuckled and added, “How about a Mimosa and some eggs? I was about to flip some with link sausages.”
I liked his smile, the sound of his laugh, and I was hungry. “Oh yeah, you do the eggs, I’ll do the Mimosas.”
He laughed and I watched him take the swinging door to the kitchen behind the bar. 
His name suited him. He had a mass of carefully disheveled auburn hair, bushy, yet shapely eyebrows. He was tall, lean and heavily tattooed. I liked his easy manners and the light in his eyes. In fact, I liked him. My instincts told me he was one of the ‘good guys’ and I have learned to trust and go with my instincts. 
We divvied up the preparing and the cooking and were eating and joking when my Holy Grail walked in.
I don’t know why, but we both stopped in mid-chuckle and turned toward him as he stood there, his eyes speaking volumes, though he didn’t immediately say a word.
He looked angry. Why? He had told Shags I would disobey him and probably show up, so it wasn’t like he wasn’t expecting me to break his orders. As he stepped towards the counter, his eyes locked, not with mine, but with Shags and he said, one defined dark brow arched, “Enjoying yourself?”
“As a matter of fact,” Shags said on a low note, his brown eyes glinting. “I was.” He picked up our empty plates and went towards the kitchen door where he stopped, turned and grinned before he told Grail, “Possessive, much.” 
I waited for the Dark Lord to explode, but instead, he shook his head and gave his friend a half-smile before he said, “You would do well to remember it.”
“Excuse me,” I interjected. “Hello, good-morning.”
“You were not supposed to go out. It isn’t safe,” he said and slid his hand down my back and lightly touched my ass.
Shivers of desire trembled through me. I said, “No, not safe. You don’t have to tell me about it. I hope you don’t have too many Sonyas hanging around ready to warn me off you.”
He frowned, “What happened?”
“Just that. She showed up and told me you and she were an item and that I should basically accept to be…cast aside in the near future.”
“First of all, she and I were never more than a one night stand…for more than three or four nights. I don’t cast aside the women I have been with. I always make it clear…our time will be short, but filled with pleasure. However, I never said that to you. So, you need to know that you, Smokie McGuire, simply don’t fall into a category. Never link yourself with any woman I have ever been with.”
I liked that, but I just eyed him and decided to change the subject, “When do we start training?” I spread my arms. “I’m dressed for it.”
“So you are,” he said and the next thing I knew, I was wrapped up in his arms and traveling in his black cloud.
When we landed, we were naked, and we were on my Holy Grail’s bed in his home. I grinned and asked, “Are we starting our training?”
“No. You don’t need any here…but, I, baby, I need you to show me what you need, because that is what I want to give you,” he whispered and his lips gently brushed against mine.
I pulled back and said, “Well, alright then!” I flipped him and felt well pleased with myself. It was as though I was finding new strength every other minute and when needed.
I straddled his belly and felt his cock bounce against my rump. I kissed his ear, felt a sudden urge to bite his neck, but reminded myself that I don’t bite or drink from a live source. Yet, the desire was undeniable, more than ever before, I lusted for blood, not anyone’s blood, but his. I lusted for his blood. I blasted the fancy out of my head.
My teeth grazed his neck and I licked his pulse. He held my wrists in the air and said, “Do it, baby, it isn’t drinking…it is a marking. You want to mark me as your own…do it.”
 “No, I don’t…I don’t want to mark you,” I said and knew I was lying.
Apparently he knew I was lying as well. He flipped me and said, “Alright then.” He thrust into me, paused in mid-movement and took my mouth. He wasn’t gentle this time. His tongue shoved into my mouth with primal ferocity and it was a hard kiss that I never wanted to stop.
All thought was suspended as I returned his kiss with my exploring tongue. He was delicious and I wanted more, so much more. 
When had my tongue left his? When had my tongue traveled to his neck? 
He flipped us so that that I was on top of him again. His cock was still inside me and I rode it as I bent to lick his nipple and damn, there I was again, licking the pulsing vein at his neck.
“Smoke…mark me,” he said his voice strained with passion. “I want you to, I think I need you to…do it now!”
My fangs lengthened and grazed his neck. I was driven by something beyond my understanding. I didn’t want blood. I wanted his blood…and not for sustenance. He was correct. I wanted to mark him and the next thing I knew, I sunk my fangs into him and the world exploded.
Rockets blasted in a dark velvet sky as I rotated my hips and my sex clenched around his dick as I tasted his blood. I didn’t drink it in. I stopped myself. But even that little taste, sent something of who he was deep into my head. I saw his memories like a movie flashing in my conscious mind. Power surged through my blood to my heart, rippled there and then swept back down to my toes and then up to my head!
I yanked my teeth away from his flesh and the words were out before I knew they were on my tongue, “Mine!”
“Am I, baby? Do you know what that means? Or are you just in the heat of the moment?” his voice was a low growl. He seemed annoyed all at once.
I had gone too far. The word had slipped out before I could stop myself. I wiggled a shoulder and whispered, “I was talking about the ride I am about to take on you…”
“Were you?” his voice husky with raw desire. He grabbed my rump, “Then go ahead, ride me hard and fast.”
I pumped and moved, took and gave until a climax shook my body and made me collapse and tremble against him. He pulled out and maneuvered himself and excited me as he put his wet cock to my lips and said, “Taste us baby…suck me now.”
I took his dripping cock and sucked its length until he shouted out my name and his seed exploded into my mouth and down my throat.
His body rocked with his climax before he said, “More, Smoke. I need so much more of you.”
“What about my training?” I teased.
“Oh, baby, you are an A+ student just about to get a gold star,” he whispered and put me on my hands and knees on the bed.
He was behind me, rubbing his cock all over my butt and then slamming it into me with a force that made me gasp with pleasure. I was filled with unimaginable pleasure.
As he rode me, touched my breasts, pulled on my nipples I looked back at his face, covered with passion and called out, “Holy Grail!”

~ Seven ~


“No!” the Dark Lord snapped. “You aren’t powerful enough yet to take on Vidal.”
“But, I just got the better of you,” I continued to argue. I had just avoided a take down as we trained in my Holy Grail’s war room. I had avoided a take down and tripped and landed a blow to his gut. I was quite proud of myself.
“I let you. I wanted you to know what it would feel like, but if I hadn’t let you, this is what would have happened,” he said and faster than I could imagine, he had me on my back on the hardwood floor, with a dagger at my neck.
“Careful,” I complained, my ego diminished. “That thing looks sharp.”
“It’s spelled. It can’t cut,” he whispered and rubbed his hard-on against my belly.
To test the knife’s effectiveness, I ran my finger along its sharp edge. Nope, it didn’t cut. I gave him a demure look and teased his cock with a slow wiggle and a pump of my own.
He relaxed into my come-on and I used the moment to flip him on his back, grab the dagger and hold it to his neck. “Recovered, didn’t I?” I said, maybe a bit too full of myself. “And I didn’t use a blink of magic. I’m ready.” We had been training for a week. All I wanted was to face Vidal and take him out. Rumors were that he was savaging both humans and paranormals in the archelogy field, during his search for the Fae artifact.
“No, you aren’t ready. You have no idea what he can do. Even I am always circumspect when we have crossed paths.”
“Lie,” I can hear the lie in your voice. “You have never been worried about facing Vidal. He is the one that avoids a confrontation.”
“What makes you think so?” He frowned and in one fluid movement he was up with me cradled first in his arms before he set me on my feet. He walked away and went to the door. 
“I just know,” I told him and that was the truth. I ‘sensed’ it and was getting better at sensing things all the time, compliments of my father’s DNA. 
He hadn’t answered me, but was headed for the stairs to the lower floor. I followed and asked, “Where are you going.”
“I have an arbitration meeting. Showering and gone. I can’t be late for this. The witches have made an official complaint against a rogue warlock. It took some doing to get all the parties together for this. We’ll talk later.”
I said nothing to this, but I brought up my father again. I have done so over the last week a zillion times and the answer has always been the same.
“I want you to open a portal to my father’s prison. I am breaking him out.”
“No,” he said and down the stairs he went.
I was on his heels. “If you won’t do this for me. I will find someone who will.”
“No, you won’t. When the time is right and you have all your magical powers in place, and under control, you won’t need me or anyone else to open a portal to your home…to your father. You are a Princess of Deatach. You have the ability to open portals yourself.”
That stopped me. I stood. He was already in the shower. I twirled my finger and naked, I followed him. As I sponged him, he closed his eyes and said, “No. Don’t use your exquisite wiles to tempt me to get what you want. I will go with you and free your father only when the time is right. We will do it together when you are ready. Timing is everything...and the time, well, it isn’t now.”
“But…” I started to interject. “My father could help us find the artifact.”
“No, he isn’t part of this prophesy. The artifact is out there waiting on you.” He held my shoulders, “Baby, we are entering dangerous times. Vidal is not the only one that will come after you. There are others, perhaps even more powerful than Vidal that will want that artifact. I don’t have time to argue now. I must be on time for this meeting or blood will spill.”
“Why?”
 “Never mind, just know this, I will stand between you and danger, always. Understood?”
I nodded, but he never saw me do so because in a flash of black, he was gone.
I sighed and finished my shower, wondering how the hell I was supposed to find an artifact hidden by the Dark Fae King a thousand years ago. 
Where would it be? Ireland? Scotland? Where? Somewhere near the land the Fae left behind but still cherished? Or, had the Dark King sent the artifact to another realm? Where was I to begin? Something in my head kept whispering, ‘water’. Did that mean the artifact was in the sea? Which sea? A lake, an ocean, a pond? Where? 
Well, maybe Sharon could help me figure it out. We were having coffee together soon and she had always been the best sounding board for my trials and tribulations. Besides, she knew about the crazy prophesy.  
I picked out an outfit, a pretty softly flowered tank top, jeans and sandals, and got dressed the old fashioned way, without magic. The whole while I thought about my dad. 
I didn’t agree with my Holy Grail. I believe my dad knew a great deal about the Fae and could be a help. I believe rescuing him now rather than later would be good for our so-called mission and besides that—he was my dad. I wanted to rescue him right then, right that very moment. If I knew how to do that, I would go in alone.
The magic in my brain, still sitting in a box waiting to be used, told me that my DNA, gifted from my father, was closely linked to the Fae. Somewhere in my brain…I knew their history. I needed to tap into it, but it would be so much easier if my dad were with us to help. I had to convince my Dark Lord that the priority, should be rescuing my father before we did anything else!
Was I being led to this conclusion because of emotion? Maybe, but it was also logical.
Wasn’t it?
* * * * *
Sharon, lovely as always in a blue sundress and heels so high I would have toppled over had I tried to walk in them, sat across from me and raised one arched auburn brow. 
She sat back and brushed her short auburn waves away from her face and considered everything I had just told her, and I had told her everything that had happened from the moment I met Wilder until and including Grail’s refusal to help me rescue my father before looking for the artifact.
“Grail and I have disagreed more often than not…in the past, but, in this, I think he is right, Smokie. You aren’t ready to take on your father’s enemies. They sound like really powerful immortals. They managed to capture and imprison your father. Think about that.”
“He wasn’t expecting it. He didn’t really think his brother would turn out to be his enemy. I believe my dad’s brother is his only true enemy and that as long as he thinks he has my dad imprisoned, he will not be…looking over his shoulder. That is where I come in. I don’t have to take them all on—just the prison guards. They won’t have a clue. They won’t see me coming. I portal in…get my father and swoop out from the same portal. Simple.”
“Smokie, if it were that simple, one of your father’s friends…and I am certain, he must have had some friends, some who are outraged at his incarceration, would have already made the attempt. In my humble opinion, one of those friends would have created a portal and helped him escape to safety.” Sharon shook her head. “No, there must be a binding spell on him, not only curtailing his natural abilities and his own brand of magic, but keeping him from escaping from a portal.”
I frowned, “Oh, no. I hadn’t thought of that.”
“You are new to everything inside of you. Give it time,” Sharon said on a quiet note.
“Sharon, Grail thinks you can help us. I know you and Grail…aren’t well…”
“Yes, I will help. It is important we keep the artifact out of Vidal’s hands. I will do whatever I can to help you locate the artifact and finish Vidal. He and I are old enemies. He despises humans.” She sighed, “I have an affection for humans, but besides that, Vidal and I…are ever at odds. We have thwarted one another over the years and I have wished for his end.”
I took her hand, “Grail will be so pleased that you have accepted to join us in what he calls our mission. Come with me now to the club. Let’s tell him together.”
“Oh,” she frowned at me. “You can tell him.”
My turn to frown, “What have you against him? Were you lovers?”
“Lovers?” she snorted. Sharon never snorts, so my mouth dropped. And then she snorted again, before she gave me a rueful look. “No, not even close. We were once…friends of a sort. In the old days, Grail Wilder was something of a vampire killer. Never blinked or hesitated to kill a vamp when he saw one taking blood from a human. He believed vamps were all vicious killers. He thought I was the exception and we became friends of a sort. I had a vampire friend. He and I had been lovers, but we evolved into…just close friends over the years. He wasn’t really a killer, but he liked to drink from live sources. He compelled a young woman…more girl than woman and Grail came across them.” She stopped and sighed heavily. “He didn’t just stop my friend. He killed him. Grail turned him into a living torch…” She looked away. “His death wasn’t necessary.”
I touched her hand, “I am so sorry.”
“He was very dear. He was charming and fun and always had time to listen to me. I liked him. I don’t think he would have killed the girl, but…Grail couldn’t have known that. He said that Peter wasn’t stopping and that when he grabbed him, he shoved Grail off and kept draining the poor girl. Grail said he had no choice. I understood, but…even so, I couldn’t look at him then without feeling Peter’s loss. That was a very long time ago.”
I eyed her, “Just how old are you, Sharon?”
She touched my nose, and laughed, “Ha, no one needs to know.”
“Come on, you are coming to Hazard with me,” I said to her as I laid down a twenty to cover the coffee and a huge tip for the waitress.

~ Eight ~


Grail had told me that the ladies were attracted to Shags. Over the last week I had ample opportunity to witness this. Shags was an adorable man with a killer smile. He was nice looking, but oh, that boyish charm, slayed. 
Even so, I was shocked to see the way Sharon stared at him when he opened the door of Hazard for us. My mouth dropped and I couldn’t speak as I watched Sharon who never flirts, flirt him up with her eyes and a crook of her elegant shoulders.
I have witnessed Sharon cold shoulder some of the hottest guys ever, so this was totally new to me.
I introduced them and disbelieving, stood back to watch the show. 
Sharon got all girly and actually leaned towards him with one shoulder to say, “Shags? The name suits your hair, but not your handsome face.”
Shags, who was ever ready with a jest or a boyish grin, was as opened mouthed as I, but, staring at Sharon like he wanted to gobble her up. He seemed tongue tied when he replied, “Ah…er…well.”
That did it for me. I burst out laughing. They didn’t seem to know I was there so after I collected myself I shook my head and had to say twice, “Is my Holy Grail in his office?”
“ER…no, but go in…Miss Smoke…go on in,” Shags managed to finally answer.
I went forward, looked over my shoulder and got buggy-eyed when I saw Sharon purposely slide her body against Shags, give him a ‘come-on’ look and take a whiff of his musky masculine self.
“Sharon!” I said though I don’t know why.
“Yes?” she said, still looking at Shags.
“Ah,” said my Holy Grail as he walked in the front door behind us. “You have brought, Sharon. Come, we can talk in my office. Shags…join us.”
I was surprised that he had invited Shags to be a part of our little mission team, but, he took my fingers at that moment and lifted them to his lips, ‘old world’ style and all I wanted to do was sink into his arms.
I didn’t have to sink. He had me tightly pressed against him and whispered low into my ear, “Baby, I missed you. Even a couple of hours away…were too many.”
Oh yeah, my Holy Grail knew how to play. Only trouble was, I knew, all too devastatingly that I, unlike he, was playing for keeps. I had been pinching myself these last weeks and reminding myself that he would leave and I would be forever in love with a man who was no longer there. Yes, oh yes, I was hopeless in love with him.
* * * * *
Grail Wilder knew how to take a meeting and control the participants with extreme finesse and success. He wasn’t the sort that said…you are wrong, but simply pointed out pros and cons of each issue. He was a brilliant negotiator and he do so from strength. 
Of course, watching him, feeling about him as I do, I know I might be considered prejudice, but, truly, he handles the paranormals with great style and composure.
Admittedly, my emotions are in the way. He is the Dark Lord, so why do I see a halo around his entire body—not just his head?
My Deatach and my earthly witch have merged and I am infused with white and extraordinary magic. I see what other witches miss and the glow around him was almost angelic.
Odd.
At the moment, he had Sharon, and Shags completely agreeing with him. He manages it without them even aware that a few moments ago, they had thwarted his proposals.
I sighed and glared at each member of our team. I was frustrated. “Nothing I have said has convinced you to help me save my father now, right now?” Sharon bit her lip and said nothing. Shags looked away from my scathing eyes.
I turned and put the question to my Holy Grail as harshly as I could, even though I knew what his answer would be. “So, you won’t help me?” 
“I would never refuse to help you, Smokie,” he said quietly. “However, if you truly wish to free your father from the captivity his brother has managed to secure him in, then we have to look at ‘timing’. I have already told you that ‘timing’ is everything. Those aren’t words. It is a fact. We need to go in with the power to free your father from the magical barricades keeping him from even using his own enormous powers. I have been researching a fool-proof method of doing just that, but have not yet discovered a spell strong enough to break the Deatach spell imprisoning him.” He put up his hand. “Believe me, baby, I am working on it.”
“Getting back to Vidal. He has a both a demon and warlock working for him,” Sharon interjected at this point. “You do know that?”
“I met his demon friend,” I stuck in. “Not pretty.”
Shags laughed. My Holy Grail’s eyes rebuked him and then turned to me, “You will never go out into the city without one of us with you. Understood”
“I don’t take orders,” I answered.
“Smoke,” he said looking right into my eyes. “It is for your safety that I ask you not to go out alone, day or night without one of us,” he amended.
“Better,” I said and gave him a wink. I noted a reluctant twinkle in his bright blue eyes.
Sharon chewed her lip. I watched Shags’ eyes land and stare at her mouth. Their eyes met and she smiled before she finally said, “I know the warlock working for Vidal. His name is Trusom. We used to be friendly. I never understood why he went to work for Vidal last year and I have not yet discovered the reason.”
“I think,” Grail said, “That we need to find out what it is Vidal is holding over him.”
“I know Trusom. He was always a decent sort,” Shags offered quietly. “I know a couple of shifters who knew him well. I can try and talk to them about him, learn more about his situation.”
“Good, that is your job then, Shags. Find out what you can about Trusom,” Grail said and then looked away from all of us. I waited until he looked back and locked his gaze on me.
“Ah,” I said, “This is where I come in.” 
“It is where we, you and I come in. We have a lead to follow,” Grail said. 
“A lead?” I questioned.
“Yes, are you ready?”
“I’m always ready,” I joked.
“This is serious, Smoke. You have to take it seriously,” he said impatiently.
I eyed him, “I am, I just react…differently than you.”
“Do you baby?” he said so low, so intently that I looked right at him, challenging him to say more.
He changed the subject and told all of us, “One of the witches I worked with this morning in arbitration gave me a clue regarding the Cumhachdach Hallow we are trying to find before Vidal does. It isn’t much of a clue, but it tells me that the artifact is not in Ireland as I had supposed. It is actually right here in New Orleans.” 
Okay, so it is in New Orleans, but we still have no idea what it looks like, what it is made of, what it smells like, what…” I objected.
“Yes, yes,” he interrupted me. “I get the picture. We do know one thing—it is a living thing. Fae artifacts evolve with time. The Dark King put his DNA into some of his favorite Hallows and I am told this particular Hallow has a song.” Grail looked right at me. “I am hoping the Hallow will sing to you when you get near.”
“How do we get near? Walk the streets aimlessly waiting to hear a song?” I shook my head, “That’s crazy.”
He sighed resignedly, “Yes, it is. My witch friend who is an immortal and has been around a very long time, said that she once thought she heard the river sing, but as she got closer, it stopped. She thinks we should walk the river’s edge.” He shrugged. “It is a long shot but the only one we have.”
“Water!” I jumped to my feet. “Yes. Water. I get the sense it is surrounded by water when I think the word artifact. I thought the other day I heard something whisper, water and that wasn’t the first time. And you say…the Hallow sings a song?”
“Indeed, and I believe if you get close…it will call to you. It is my belief it wants to be returned home.”
I rubbed my hands together, “Maybe this Hallow, what did you call it, Cumhachdach, if we rescue it, will help me free my father when we return it…home. Where is home to the Fae?”
“The Isle of Tir,” Grail said and put his finger to my chin. “Smoke, we will free your father. I promise you that.”
“Sooner than later,” I answered softly.
“As soon as possible, how is that?”
“Fair enough, I suppose,” and suddenly I was in his arms and we were traveling in his black cloud.
We stepped out along the docks of the Mississippi River not far from Grail’s club. I looked at him and said, “Now what?”
“We walk along the river and become connected with its pulse, with the life pulsating in the river,” he said and dropped a light kiss on my mouth.
“How do we connect like that?”
“Go into your mind, Smoke…find that place where you, earth, wind, fire and water are one,” he said as though it was the easiest thing in the world to do.
I did what he asked, closing my eyes and just as I began to realize what he was talking about, all hell broke loose!

~ Nine ~


A DEMON, THE SAME ONE who had abducted me appeared at Grail’s back. I screamed, more from being startled than fear.
At that same moment, I saw Mr. Rabid vampire! He was coming at me with some speed. We connected or rather, he knocked me off my feet.
He was on me, ready to bite and tear out my throat, when I froze him in place with magic, and shoved him off. 
I hurried to my feet in time to witness the demon attacking Grail, Ninja style, and with what appeared to be his full force of magic, hit after hit.
I was momentarily stunned and watched as Grail recovered from the surprise hit and returned physical and magical blow for blow.
The demon shot into the air and when he landed, his fingers became black tentacles which surrounded Grail and bound him in place.
I tried to figure out a way to break the demon’s tentacle hold on Grail when all at once, Mr. Rabid broke free from the magic and came at me again.
“Oh for goodness sake!” I was exasperated and put my hand at my back. A stake was what I needed, and a second later it was in my hand.
Just in time, I brought it up as he rushed me and I staked him in the heart.
He exploded into flame and I was staring at a pile of ash when all at once, I was pushed from behind and tripped as I fell forward, nearly falling. I caught myself only to feel an incredible force, like a magnet pulling me backwards. I looked over my shoulder as the tornado like wind of potent magic had me in its folds.
“Smoke!” I heard Grail’s voice scream as he broke through the demon’s tentacles. Even as I saw him rush towards me, his arms outstretched…I knew I was trapped. Damn, I was in serious trouble.
It was a portal. I had been pushed into the mouth of a portal!
Too late, I thought to call on my own magical power and break away from that magnet yanking me inside the portal’s depths.  
As I struggled to keep my balance I saw a stranger jump in and take hold of my shoulders.
I don’t know how I knew who he was, but I did. Here was the Warlock Trusom. He held onto me inside the black hold sucking me deeper and deeper and though I pushed him off as hard as I could, he didn’t let go.
“Don’t move…don’t fight it, and you will have a better landing,” he said in my ear.
“Fuck you!” I answered and broke away from him only to be bounced off the walls of the black hole I was caught up in.
Damn, but, I was traveling through a portal I was sure was stronger than the last one that had taken me to Vidal. 
Damn, I had to find a way to make and break these things once and for always!
I landed with a thud on my rump. The warlock landed on his feet beside me, bent and pulled me up roughly. “I warned you,” he said.
“I repeat,” I answered. “Fuck you.” So saying I thought how nice it would be to be in my home. “Home,” I said out loud and heard the warlock shout out and grab my hand. Holy good gosh, there I was, stepping through air and space right into my living room with the warlock holding on to me.
It dawned on me. I can shift like a Fae. Also, next time I want to shift, I have to make certain no one grabs hold of me. Apparently they get shifted as well.
It also dawned on me that if I could shift like a Fae, I could shift into my father’s prison and rescue him…as soon as I figured out how to remove his magical shackles.
I was standing on the pretty rug by my sofa in my home. Now, how to get rid of Trusom and get to…
Never finished the thought as Mr. Warlock pulled something out of his black satin coat and threw that something over me. It was a net…made of gold. No sooner had he thrown it over my head and body, but he yanked me roughly to the ground and tied my ankles with what looked like more of the gold threading.
I struggled but there was no breaking the golden net. I tried to reach the gold thread-like rope at my ankles, but couldn’t quite bend enough inside the net.
“Once I knew what you were, I found what I needed. Danu Dust. You see, I already owned a piece of a Golden Wiele I found while touring the Fairy Mounds. The Danu Dust allowed me to enlarge the piece of golden net I already had. I thought it might come in handy one day. Apparently, I was right,” he said softly without a smirk and in fact, he looked sad, I thought. “The Golden Wiele was designed to hold and detain wayward Fae and after watching you, I had come to believe you might be part Fae,” the warlock explained. “I am, Trusom and you would do well to try and cooperate. Vidal…can be ruthless.”
I wasn’t going to speak. Why give him any information? The gold netting was tightly wrapped around me so that I couldn’t do much more than study him. He was a tall, lean man with white hair, white eyebrows and soft grey eyes. He wore a long black silk coat, which I thought odd, since it was like 85 degrees outside. He wasn’t particularly pretty or handsome and yet, his looks were certainly arresting…interesting. 
“Why are you working with Vidal?” I finally asked.
“Direct, aren’t you?”
“Why?” I repeated.
“I have no choice,” he said quietly. 
“We always have a choice. You have not chosen wisely.”
He gave me a hard look, “What do you know about it? Nothing.”
“Right, yet, here I am, knowing nothing, right in the middle of it all,” I snapped. “So tell me, where is he—your boss, Vidal?” I felt a fool blustering while all tied in place and on my back on the hard floor. 
“He is somewhere else. I am to bring you there…soon,” Trusom said gravely.
“You don’t want to, do you?” I tested the waters.
“What I want…has nothing to do with what I will do.” He looked away and then looked at me, “You are a shiny young creature with potential. He will break you to get what he wants. Why would I want that?”
“Then why are you delivering me to him?” I frowned up at him and gave up the struggle with the Golden Wiele. It wasn’t giving an inch. I was trapped and at the moment I had no way out. I had immediately tried to escape the netting with my own brand of magic, but whatever the Golden Wiele was, it inhibited my magic from working at all. 
“As I said, I have no choice,” Trusom walked away and stood by the window overlooking my little garden at the back of my home.
It was right at that moment, I got a whiff of burning campfire wood and sage, familiar, masculine and so very welcome. I smiled to myself. I didn’t know how he had found me and the how didn’t matter. He had found me. He had come. My Holy Grail had come for me and there wasn’t a warlock or vampire that could successfully stand up to him. A fact I was sure of. 
The black cloud simultaneous arrived with the scent and my body tensed with expectation as I watched him step out of his traveling fog. Here was help and when he freed me, I was going to seriously kick some warlock ass for trussing me up like he had.
With a flick of his pointer finger, the Golden Wiele was untied at my ankles as he stood in front of me and faced the warlock.
Grail might be kicking ass before I had the chance.
I scrambled out of the netting which I then angrily kicked away.
Grail and the warlock had confronted each other. I watched, waiting for a rumble of extravagant proportions. 
I was sadly disappointed as Grail very calmly told Trusom, “I expected better from you.”
“Did you?” Trusom said grimly.
Grail’s voice was as solemn as his expression, “But, in case it isn’t clear, let me make it so. Smoke McGuire…is mine. Harm her, cause her discomfort ever again and our present situation will become personal and I will take it out of your hide. Understood?”
“It is not my wish to hurt your…lady, in any way,” Trusom inclined his head. “I told her and now I am telling you, I don’t have a choice in this matter.”
My Holy Grail pulled me onto his hip and then looked back at the warlock, “You have been warned.”
Before I could object I realized we were leaving. I realized then that before we left I needed to get a hold of the Golden Wiele. Before I could spell it into my hands with a thought, Trusom had it in his hold.
I hadn’t thought of it in time. Too late—such ugly words. Trusom had already snatched it and vanished into his waiting portal.
“Damn, double damn,” I bit my lip and glared at Grail. “I wanted to smack him myself and I wanted that net!”
“No worries,” he whispered as he still had me against his hip and bent to brush his lips against mine. He smiled after he lightly kissed me and said, “You’ll have both those wants satisfied, very soon.”
His black cloud surrounded us and swoosh, off we went. When we stepped out it was into his club office.
I eyed him happily, “I suppose I should swoon and call you my hero…”
“But? I know there is ‘a but’ in there,” he said and grinned.
“Yeah, there kinda is. I want to know how you found me,” I asked more than a little curious. Could he always find me? What if I didn’t want to be found?
“I tracked you with magic,” he said simply.
I frowned, “What? What do you mean? How could you do that?”
“I installed the equivalent of a tracking chip…only it is more than a chip actually. Call it a magical link between us. I can find you anywhere with the link.”
My mouth dropped as rage built up in me, “You mean you put a chip in me? Like a dog? How dare you!” I shoved him hard and he went flying across the room and slammed into one wall.
He growled but did and said nothing. He just stood there glaring at me.
“A chip? A tracking device?” I shouted, “You put it inside of me…where? In my head? When?”
“Yes, in your head, while you were sleeping,” he said angrily. “And you are welcome. I knew they would try to get their hands on you, and they did. I was only able to save you from Vidal…”
“Save me from Vidal? How do you know I wouldn’t have been able to save myself? How dare you put a chip in me without asking my permission?”
“It isn’t a chip, baby,” he said and sighed. “It is more like a mind-link.” 
“Is it?” I stomped to face him up close. I poked his hard chest. “You put a mind link inside my head without either asking or even telling me…how is that okay?” I wagged a finger and snapped. “Don’t speak. Is it one way or can I track you as well?”
He didn’t say anything.
“Well?” I demanded.
“You ordered me not to speak,” he said and I saw the twinkle in his eyes.
I poked his chest again, “Speak now.”
“Well…” he hedged. 
“Yes, or no? Can I track you as well?”
“Yes, if you learn how to work with the link. Eventually…our link will allow us to speak to one another, but you have to be open to it for it to work,” he explained reluctantly.
“You don’t want me to know how. You don’t want me to track you, do you?” I shot back.
He took my shoulders, “Smoke, stop…listen baby…I found you before Vidal got to you. That was the result of what I did. You wouldn’t have been able to escape the Golden Wiele and Vidal would have…hurt you.”
The logic of this diverted my anger for a moment, but only a moment. “Even so, you should have asked. Now, take the link out.”
“No,” he said angrily.
“I’ll get it out. Wait and see…I’ll find a way to…”
“Stop, baby, stop. When the danger is past. When you have all your skills at their very peak, if you learn how to find me, speak to me through the link and you still want the link between us severed, I will do so. Compromise with me,” he said quietly.
The link between us severed? I didn’t like the sound of that and how it made me feel. I didn’t want anything severed between us. What I did want was the ability to track him as well. It was my turn to hedge. I eyed him. “I need to think about this.”
“What I don’t understand is why Trusom would abduct an innocent and he must see that in the world of magic…even vampirism you are more innocent than not.” Grail said as much to himself as to me. “Why would he hand you over to Vidal who as far back as I can remember, Trusom has despised?”
I shook my head. “He was conflicted. I could see that,” I answered distracted by this for the moment. “He said he had no choice. Maybe Shags will turn up an answer on that, but…this link thing…we will need to talk more about that.”
The door burst open and Shags stood there, his face aglow, “I know why Trusom is helping Vidal.”
“Do you? Damn, by all that is dark, Shags, you are always dependable, my friend,” Grail said softly. 
Shags stood tall, apparently well pleased by this and then hurriedly said, “I found Trusom’s sister. She is a Witch of the Light and when I told her you wanted to help her brother, she spilled everything.” Shags sat on a nearby chair and paused a moment for that to sink in. Satisfied that he had our attention, he went on, “Vidal has Trusom’s mate locked up somewhere he can’t find her. Trusom has tried everything in his bag of tricks to locate her but can’t. Grail, you will never credit it, but Trusom’s mate is a shifter…a panther shifter.” 
“Is she now?”
“Yes, and Nell, Trusom’s sister said her brother nearly lost his mind when he thought Vidal would kill his mate. He and Nell have pooled their magic and used every known locator spell at their disposal. They even dipped into dark magic to try and find her, with no luck. I feel for the bastard in this. A warlock of Trusom’s nature, his sister said, has imprinted on his panther shifter. She says Trusom could go mad and kill himself without his mate.”
“I didn’t know he had a mate, let alone a shifter mate. So Trusom and his shifter have imprinted?”
“Yeah, there is never telling on whom a shifter will imprint, and though it is usually one of own kind, it doesn’t have to be. Trusom and his black beauty, as his sister described her were only together a few months. She also said that he talked about ending his life when she first went missing and he thought her dead.”
“What does his sister know about Trusom’s mate?”
“Nell says his mate is called, Frida. She gave me a description. The woman is tall, with silky gorgeous chocolate shaded skin, hazel eyes and long black hair. Frida is an immortal panther shifter who Nell says is kind and gentle and who she welcomed into their witch family. She has been working with her coven to help her brother find and rescue Frida who is allergic to but can’t be killed with silver. To date they just don’t have any answers regarding her whereabouts.”
“This changes everything,” Grail said and started pacing.
“I’ll say,” Shags agreed. “Trusom will do anything Vidal tells him to. He won’t risk his mate.”
“Right. That is a fact we have to deal with, but there are other factors and questions. Let me put my first to you; why wouldn’t a powerful warlock, the most powerful in all of New Orleans not be able to find his mate?”
Shags shrugged, “You got me.”
I had been quietly listening and asked, “With the link we discussed, could you find me anywhere?”
“Yes…” he started and stopped. “No. There are obstacles that could obscure and hide you from the link.”
“Such as?” I pursued.
“Iron. Iron has been used to enclose a wayward Fae, but it also works to help hide many supernaturals from one another. It is a powerful but simple tool. If she is being held in an iron cell…even I might be inhibited from finding her and though Trusom is a powerful warlock, he would not be able to find her.”
“You said, most supernaturals. Is iron an infallible tool?”
“No, some can see through iron quite well. Vampires for instance are not affected by it,” he said thoughtfully.
“And you Dark Lord from another realm, are you subject to its properties?”
“No, I am not, and as it happens, only the Deatach in you might be affected. The vampire in you, would mitigate the iron’s effects on you.” All at once he stomped out of the office.
Shags and I jumped to follow him.
“What are you doing?” I called at his back.
Over his shoulder he said, “Now, we have no choice. We must first find his mate, Frida. All our energies must be concentrated on that. Freeing Trusom from Vidal, will make Vidal less potent.”
Sharon had arrived in the main galley just at this moment and had evidently heard this as she said, “I think I can help you with that.”

~ Ten ~


WE ALL STARED AT HER. 
“Come on, Grail, take us into your room of realms.”
“Why?” Grail asked frowning.
“You’ll see.”
“But Sharon, I know that Vidal has a castle in Italy, and though it might be heavily fortified and guarded with warrior vamps, I thought we might start our search there. Why are we wasting time?” Grail asked.
“Because I have a theory I would like to pursue,” she said. “I believe you need to connect with your home.”
“Right then.” He turned back to the paneled wall and clicked the button. It opened and he stepped inside. We followed him and waited as he stopped to stand before the midnight blue velvet sky alive and ablaze with stars. I saw that he was staring at one star in particular. I realized in that moment, it was his star, his realm.
“I am the Prince of Cumhacht, son of King Haevin.”
“So you are,” said a feminine voice. “You deserted your post.”
“No, I gave it to my brother who wanted it and was more qualified to be the Regent in Waiting.”
“Ah, I hear the truth in that. What can I help you with, son of Haevin?”
“I need a locator spell that can see through iron,” Grail told the strange genderless voice.
“You have it within your enormous power to do that without my help. Look into your memories. It is there. When you first became a warrior and won your first battle…it is there. You saved your brother from the rebels. You were the one. Remember it…remember that time.”
“Help me then to remember…it was so long ago,” Grail answered.
A light shot out like an arrow and pieced Grail’s forehead. I jumped and nearly pulled Grail away, but Sharon stopped me and held me back. “It is okay,” she whispered.
The room went pitch black for a moment and then returned to its original state. Grail turned, pulled me away from Sharon and held me tight. He looked at Shags and Sharon and said, “Are you ready?”
“Always,” Shags said standing straight.
I marveled that Shags didn’t ask, ‘ready for what’. It was a silent question in my head though I didn’t voice it.
Grail looked at Sharon, “You can sit this out, Sharon…you were right. Frida isn’t being held in Vidal’s Italian stronghold. He has her in his smaller castle in Ireland.”
“Like hell I will sit this out. I have been waiting a long time to be a part of anything that takes Vidal out. He is a plague on this earth.”
Nobody was asking so I couldn’t hold back any longer. “Ready for what?”
Grail smiled down at me and said, “A trip to Ireland.”
“Hell yeah!” I said. “Can we go to Dublin first and visit Trinity and see the Book of Kells and…?”
His laughter interrupted me. “We will do all those things, Smoke…but first, we have to find Trusom’s mate and free her.” 
If I were human I would have blushed. I felt the heat sting my cheeks. “Of course,” I said, “I meant only…”
“I know what you meant, baby. You haven’t seen much of the world and that will be one of my goals…to show you the best of it,” Grail said and dropped a light kiss on my lips.
“Do we fly?” I asked, still feeling the heat.
“No, that would take too long.” He said and grinned. “It will take me a few moments to create, but we will portal to his castle. We have the advantage of surprise.”
“Don’t you need to know where his castle is exactly?” Shags asked.
“Oh, but I do,” Grail inclined his head. 
He didn’t elaborate but instead excused himself and with another quick kiss to my waiting lips, he led us out of his secret sanctuary and said only before he vanished in his traveling cloud, “Stay here,” He looked at me. “All of you, stay here. I won’t be long. I need a few things.”
* * * * *
“We need a few things. Give me twenty minutes and I’ll be back,” Sharon said and super vamp speed she disobeyed Grail and was gone.
Shags and I regarded one another and went to the main galley. He grinned at me and said, “Coffee?”
At that and I suppose at least on my part, nerves took over and we burst out laughing. I said after a moment, “Is this real? At moments like these I think I must be in a never-ending dream…or a coma somewhere making this all up?”
“If you feel pain or pleasure…it’s real,” Shags said and poured me some coffee.
I looked at the coffee and felt a moment’s nausea. What was that? Sick…all at once, I felt so sick. I grabbed my belly and bent over.
“What’s wrong, Smoke? What is it?” Shags came close…oh, too close.
I felt my fangs distend and realized I had gone too long without feeding. I never allow that to happen. I had forgotten about feeding. Control is so much easier when you don’t go over the edge.
“Shags…” I whispered. “Get out of here.”
He studied me, “You need blood.” He offered me his wrist. “Go on.”
“No…I don’t take from a live source, ever, but…to be on the safe side, get away from me,” I told him.
“Your eyes are glowing,” Shags said and he ran a hand through his hair. “You’re in trouble, Smoke and I don’t have any blood handy.” His face lit up and he said, “Wait, I know…I’ll cut myself, I heal quickly, but I’ll be able to drain enough blood into a cup…”
“No!” Grail’s voice hard and sharp as he rushed to my side. “I have what she needs. Come on baby.” He scooped me up and carried me to his office and laid me on his black leather sofa. I watched him as he opened a wall panel to display a small fridge. Inside were packets of blood. He brought me one and said, “Go on baby…drink.”
He disliked vampires. He had told me that when we first met. How could I drink with him watching? I shook my head.
“Go on, or I’ll pour it down your throat,” he snapped. “You’re sick with need.”
I was more than sick, I was desperate. “Turn around,” I told him.
“Drink!” he said, “There is nothing about you that could ever make me turn away.”
I drank it down. He gave me another. I drank that as well. 
“Feeling better?” Grail stroked my cheek.
“Thanks, but…where…how…?”
“I have been taking a great deal of your time. I went some days ago to retrieve your blood supplies from your home and saw that those supplies were ransacked and destroyed. I picked up on the scent of the rabid vamp you disposed of today. I realized you would need blood, so, I ….”
I interrupted him, “Where, where did you get this?”
“I used my own blood and have it stored for you. Don’t go so long again,” he said crisply.
“Your own blood?” I was shocked that he would do that for me, and then it happened. As my body, as my heart, my veins adjusted to the blood, I felt a wave of memories flood my brain. Not my memories. His…my Holy Grail’s memories.
They hit me one after the other. His childhood. His family…his brother. I saw him relinquish the throne to his brother not realizing the woman he loved would turn away from him and instead give her hand to his younger brother! She wanted to be the regent kings’ queen. He realized that too late. She wasn’t interested in love…and then, she further broke his heart by trying to bed him after she was his brother’s wife. He couldn’t wouldn’t and vowed never to allow himself to fall in love again!
I gasped and the flashes of his life abruptly stopped. I stared at him, “Grail…?”
“What? What is it?”
“Nothing,” I said but couldn’t stop myself from asking, “Tell me, in all your thousand years…have you never been in love?”
“Where did that come from?”
“Oh, we touched on it here and there, but now I want specifics,” I said.
“Once, when I was no more than twenty-five, I fancied myself in love. She fancied something else. I never allowed another woman to get too close after that. But, another time, a young beauty caught my interest. She was a human and I liked her…perhaps was infatuated with her, but…I was never fulfilled in that relationship. I could have broken her you see…humans are not able to withstand our love-making. In the end, we parted.”
“And no one else? No supernatural ever turned your heart inside-out?”
“No, I suppose I am a hard-case,” he said.
“I see,” I said somewhat deflated.
“Until now, that is…” he said softly, “But you know that and were fishing, weren’t you?” He smiled softly and in his eyes I saw more than affection, more than liking though I was afraid to call it what I hoped it was.
“I don’t know anything and yes I was trying to find where I should stand, where I will stand, in your life.”
“Right beside me,” he said and kissed me long and hard and bit my bottom lip.
Sharon with Shags right behind her burst into the office, “Smokie…you good?”
“Yes, the Dark Lord had some blood stashed for…”
“WHAT?” Sharon shrieked. “You drank his blood? How much?”
“Two packets. Why…what is wrong?” Grail asked.
“Yeah, what is wrong?” I also wanted to know.
“He is a prince of magic. His blood in that quantity mixed with yours…and mine…there is no telling what it will do to you now while everything is all new in your body. Once your body begins to bond with his blood—well there is no telling what it will do.” Sharon was more than a little concerned.
“Too late. Done deal,” I said and sighed. “I’m already a hybrid of sorts, so I’m guessing, this will make me…” and then images started shooting through my head. I saw Vidal slinking in the shadows. His demon moved towards a four walled, windowless cell coated in iron, sprinkled with silver. Inside the cell I heard a woman’s voice moaning in pain.
Everywhere I saw vampire guards…roaming about. There were others…uber vamps I had heard about. Just as I had been told, the ubers were all bald and their fangs were long, so long.  Holy shit…but, there were so many!
Even so, and determinedly in my dream or vision, I moved towards the cell with every intention of breaking Frida out when I realized, I was beginning to feel sick, really sick.
The iron? Did it affect me like it did the Fae? My race and the Fae are connected somehow, so…yes, I think it was the iron making me sick. I stepped back and the ill affects ebbed. 
All at once, I knew what we had to do. Trusom was there, rushing towards the iron cell and I knew what I had to do to help him, but even as I tried, Vidal blocked my path and snarled as he came at me. Sharon stepped in his way and he overpowered her.
I heard myself scream and then the world started to spin out of control and I saw blood, so much blood, everywhere and bam, I blacked out!

~ Eleven ~


“SMOKE!”
GRAIL’S VOICE WORRIEDLY CALLING my name bounced off the walls in my head. 
“What?” I answered and wow, my own voice sounded so far away. Where was I? What happened?
I remember. We were getting ready to travel…I needed blood…he gave me his and then I blacked out.
I scanned the ceiling and then Grail’s face. Past him to Sharon and Shags, both looking anxious. I recognized my surroundings. We were still in Hazard, Grail’s club—in his office. 
And then it all came back to me.
I had a vision. More than a vision. It was as though I had lived the vision or was about to and then all at once, everything went blank again.
I blinked and tried to focus. My Holy Grail’s face looked blurry, but it was comforting all the same to have him near. “Hi,” I said.
Shags laughed and said, “She said hi.”
Sharon eyed him and then looked back at me and I almost laughed. 
“Baby,” Grail called my attention, “I was so worried.” 
“We were all worried,” Sharon added. “Come on blondie, tell us what happened.”
Sharon always called me Blondie when she was concerned about me. I swallowed and tried to put my words in order.
“I drank…the blood and noticed it was unusually good and…had a certain…punch of potency.” I looked at Grail, “Your blood.” I tried to sit up. Grail helped me. “Your blood, Grail…all of a sudden went through me like a thousand little explosions.”
“Oh baby, I’m sorry…I had no idea that would happen.”
“You didn’t think it through. In general, vampires lust after witch’s blood,” She frowned at him, “But you aren’t a warlock—or witch, are you? You aren’t an earthly or even an immortal one. You’re something else, and that something else…that blood mixed with mine in her veins, well, there is no telling what she is now or will become.”
“Oh hell,” I said.
He didn’t answer Sharon, but turned back to me. “Tell me baby, what do you remember?”
“Just before I what…blanked out?”
“You have been out for more than twenty minutes, kid,” Shags stuck in. “So whatever you saw, whatever you felt…well, it must have been bad.”
“Twenty minutes?” I was astonished.
“Tell me if you can, baby, what do you remember just before you…blacked out?” Grail asked.
“I remember Vidal. He was in a rage and he had these super vamps…crazy looking creatures, and Trusom was there…!” I said low and worriedly. “I remember thinking we were in trouble because we were surrounded.”
“Anything else?” Grail asked.
“Yes, Trusom’s mate…she is locked in a windowless cell coated in iron and sprinkled with silver and…Grail, the iron does affect me. The iron is coated with a magical shield and that is why your magic hasn’t been able to locate her. We need to portal right into his dungeon which puts us all at risk. Those amped-up vamps guarding the place are like zombie blood suckers, but they are slow, at least in my vision, they were slow which gives us some advantage,” I rushed to get my thoughts all out, “And Grail, I couldn’t get close to the iron. It seemed to make me weaker as well as nauseous. So we need to figure a way of breaking through it…without my getting too close.”
“Leave that to me,” a familiar voice said at the office door.
I looked past Grail’s shoulder and was astonished to find Trusom standing there.
* * * * *
Sharon and Shags both took a fighting stance. 
Grail, however, stood up and in front of me to say, “Welcome, Trusom. We have had a little setback, but, the portal has been building upon itself and should be ready shortly.”
“Hey wait,” Shags interjected. “What? You spoke to him? You told him to come here? Why? Grail, we can’t trust him. Aw no, Grail, you can’t mean to let him join us—that is all out of whack.”
“Trusom is here because we can use his help.” Grail put a hand on Shags’ shoulder. “I met with him and told him we have found his Frida. That is all he cares about, helping us free her,” Grail said quietly. “Do you have any objections that make sense?” 
He looked from Shags to Sharon and though they didn’t voice any opposition, I could see they didn’t quite trust the warlock, yet, weren’t ready to voice their opinions. 
I didn’t blame them for their lack of trust in Trusom. I had seen first-hand what he was willing to do to keep his mate alive.  
I had an objection and chewed my lip as I tried to formulate my words.
Grail noticed and said, “You don’t look happy, Smoke.”
“No, I’m not happy. I understand that you think Trusom might be helpful, but I have had a real up close and personal encounter with him and know, if things go wrong, guess what?” I proceeded to answer my own question, “He will fall right back into Vidal’s hands rather than allow his mate to be in danger.” I stood up, walked up to Trusom and raised an eyebrow.
“She is not wrong,” Trusom said grimly, not looking at me, but at Grail. “I will do anything to save my Frida. You have to know that going in. If things go wrong…that is all that will drive me.”
“I think we all understand that, but, believe me, Trusom, I have a trick or two up my sleeve. I am not called the Dark Lord for nothing,” Grail said confidently. “I have taken every scenario into consideration and believe me, we will be ready for your betrayal, if…er…things go wrong. I believe they won’t go wrong. After all, with you on our side, all Vidal has is a demon and a demon has never been a match for a shifter wolf, an ancient vamp…and for whatever my Smoke has become. And as I said, Dark Lord here.”
“Then, what are we waiting for?” Trusom said and his eyes glinted with anticipation. 
“Grail,” I stuck in. “There is also the chance that Vidal has a small army of super crazy strong vamps.”
“Also I believe they are no match for our combined magic and abilities,” Grail said softly.
“But,” I whispered, and took him aside, “Things might go wrong real fast…so Trusom will need to be…contained if that happens. Can we contain the warlock?”
“Never doubt me, baby,” Grail said and gave me a cocky grin. “I have that all worked out in my head.”
“Want to share?” I asked and arched a brow.
“No, not now,” he said and went to the open office door, “Shall we?”
“Where is this portal of yours?” Sharon asked.
“In Hazard’s upper floors, where else?” Grail said and grinned.

~ Twelve ~


I STOOD BACK AND STUDIED the growing black hole in front of us. I could see it spark and sizzle as it stretched and funneled its way through the atmosphere.
Grail told us to wait as it completed itself.
I looked at Grail, “That will take us all the way to Ireland…to his castle?”
“Right to his dungeon where he is keeping Frida,” Grail answered quietly.
“How did it happen that you know his castle so well?”
“There was a century where Vidal and I were…friends. Something went wrong with him, with his thinking, with his humanity and we parted ways.” He released my hand which he had tucked close to his heart and walked into the middle of the room. “The portal as are most portals, is a living thing,” he said. “Remember that. It needs energy to survive. It is as if the portal makes a pact with its travelers. It allows you to enter and use it, but it takes a certain amount of energy from you, thus…it plummets and bounces you off its walls. Don’t fight it. Just go with it. It won’t take more than you can spare.”
Shags took Sharon’s hand and put it to his lips, “I won’t let go.”
“You better not…ever,” she answered.
I grinned at them, they didn’t notice me. 
Grail told them, “It’s ready when you are.”
They stepped inside and I heard Sharon squeal. Trusom went next, silent and stoic, and then Grail put his arm around my waist and as we stepped inside, he held me to himself with both arms and that was good, because I wrapped my arms and legs around his middle.
Bumpy? Hell yeah. Also, roller coaster. Up down, side to side. Did I squeal like Sharon who I could still hear up ahead, hell yeah!
* * * * *
Dark and dank, are actually good words for a dungeon.
I unlocked my legs and set my feet firmly on the ground, but Grail, pulled me close as I looked around our surroundings.
Think about whatever you have ever imagined a dungeon to look like—this one was worse.
Everything evil, as evil as stone and mortar can be was how I would describe Vidal’s dungeon. I hadn’t realized just how awful it would smell—and feel when I had my vision, but now, with the dim light given off by the torches, I could see a table in the middle of the chamber with instruments of torture laid out and some were covered in dry blood. A rat scurried across the floor, followed by two others. Eweee.
Repulsed, I cringed.
No one appeared to be around guarding this horrible place. I noticed all the dungeon cells were empty. 
We were not expected, or so I thought as I pressed closer to Grail’s hard body and wished we were in bed, making love instead of in this horrible place making war.
I was wrong about no one being around. They were there in the shadows. I counted fifteen huge vampire warriors. They advanced on us.
I heard a low keening and then saw the uber vamps, released from what looked like a hidden door that led to another chamber. The door closed after them, trapping the ubers with us. 
The portal at our backs hummed.
“Make a circle, easy now,” Grail told us as the vamps closed in.
As they advanced they made threatening sounds and Trusom leaned in and told Grail, “Fire. We need it.”
I saw it then, the iron cell block, just as the warrior vamps charged fast and furious.
Grail cautioned, “Wait…another second…wait.”
They were nearly on us.
Luckily, the uber vamps were slow, almost zombie-like in their movements, and awkward. Scary looking in appearance, but Vidal had erred when he created them. Also, luckily there weren’t as many as I had assumed there would be. However, all had one purpose, drink our blood and kill.
We made our circle, and waited till my Holy Grail stuck out his arm, pointed a finger that turned into a flame thrower. Vamp after vamp went up in flames, but there were more coming down the dungeon stairs. Holy shit…so many warrior vamps!
Trusom and I took this cue and I found the magic in my mind to create a similar flame thrower, though not as powerful as Grails. 
Trusom said, “Fire is not my forte…but this is.”
I saw him freeze vamp after vamp. He didn’t cover them in ice, he turned them into ice statues that quickly cracked into myriad pieces before each turned into ash.
“Oh, I like that,” I told him. This was working, fire and ice.
Sharon was doing her thing, fast and furious and taking off head after head of the slow moving uber vamps. Shags was with her, right by her side, tearing them apart. A shifter wolf’s bite is deadly to a vamp. We were piling up ashes everywhere. 
I was feeling over confident and found an opening. I ran towards the iron cell, careful to keep enough distance so I wouldn’t be rendered useless by its ill effects. 
Trusom followed me, leaving the others to hold off and destroy the vamps. He was able to approach the iron cell as it doesn’t affect him.
“Smokie, help me…I need you to concentrate your magic and melt an opening in the cell’s wall. Can you do that? I can help increase its power once you get a steady flame going.”
I saw that Grail and the others were still busy taking on the vamps and ubers, so yes, I was going to have to try. I nodded and sent one flaming ball after another into the front of the cell block. 
“Yes!” Trusom yelled. “I can enlarge the fireballs.” 
I saw that it was working. He was close to the cell’s wall and as the fireball closed in on its target, I saw that he was not only enlarging it, but he had managed to increase its heat.
“There!” I yelled as I saw a small hole the size of an grapefruit form and grow. I worked furiously and kept up a barrage of fireballs. He did his part.
I looked over my shoulder and saw Grail busy but in control with the horde of vampires still storming into the dungeon from above. We had to get Frida and get the hell out of this place. There were too many of them.
Fleetingly I wondered where Vidal was. No doubt, staying safe and sound with his demon protecting him. No sooner had this thought entered my head when a black tentacle surrounded me. Ah, Mr. Demon!
Demons in general are no match for vampires and I am so much more than a vampire. Stronger, faster and loaded with more magic than he ever dreamed of.
I smiled and gave him a wink. “Wondered where you were.”
I broke out of the black tentacles and directed my fireball finger at him. Apparently demons of his realm aren’t affected by fire. I did no damage.
I needed to use something else…water. I spun my finger in the air and the next thing Mr. Demon knew, he was in a tank of water trying to keep his head above and in the small space of air I left him between the water line and the spelled glass top.
I learned something. Water negated his ability to use his magic and break out.
I turned back to the iron cell block, but found Trusom had already managed to ice it over and break it down.
I watched as he rushed inside and appeared with his mate in his arms. She seemed barely conscious. 
It was in that moment that I found out where Vidal was. Behind me.
Suddenly I was held against him in a grip that I could break with magic, however, he had a dagger to my throat which made it all a bit tricky. Could I use magic before he severed my head?
He shouted at Grail and his voice stopped everyone in their tracks.
“I have your little magical vamp. This ancient dagger has magical qualities. It can easily cut off her head before she can use her magic to escape me. I will kill her if I have to. Better just let her come with me. I should like to use her talents, so don’t make me destroy her.”
The demon was screaming for Vidal to free him. Ubers were grunting with need. They saw us a dinner and wanted a bite. His warriors stood very still. 
Vidal paid no attention to any of them, as he stared Grail down. 
I was very still as I went into my head and tried to find a means of escape.
I saw Grail raise his hand and say, “Don’t be foolish, Vidal. If you hurt Smoke, you will never find the Hallow.”
Sharon was out of Vidal’s line of vision. He couldn’t see her as she used her speed and managed to sneak up on him.
He relaxed his hold on me when he suddenly realized someone was at his back. He yelped in pain as she shoved the stake into him, but he had thwarted death. He had moved and the stake missed its mark. She had not gotten his heart.
I had enough space between us to break away without the dagger drawing blood. I turned to face him, but Vidal was an ancient and not so easily taken down.
He was already in a fight to the death with Sharon. 
Yes, she was a born vampire, but he was an ancient and though she had some years and experience, he was far more ruthless.
I pointed a finger, determined to give her the upper hand but they were a blur of color and suddenly it was over. He had Sharon in the same position he had had me in a few moments ago.
Behind him, I saw Shags drop the weapon he had been using against the vamps. As a shifter he could transform at will and with ease.
I watched, fascinated as he became wolf in his mid-air lunge.
Deadly fury and determination covered his dear face and my heart stood still as he landed behind Vidal and took Vidal’s ankle nearly biting it off from Vidal’s leg.
Vidal cried out in pain.
Vidal had been bitten by a shifter wolf and he was not immune to the bite. He turned and screamed curses before he vanished in a haze of black. I was reminded of the legend that tells of ancients turning into hundreds of black moths in order to escape.
Sharon and I hugged each other as Grail and Shags finished off the last of the slow moving ubers. 
This done, Shags, still in wolf form, padded over to Sharon and put his huge head against Sharon’s hip, and she petted him which made me laugh.
Grail hurried over to me and touched my face, “You gave me a scare, baby. I can’t tell you how I felt when I saw Vidal take you like that.”
I smiled and snuggled against his chest.
I looked up and saw Trusom, still holding Frida cradle like in his arms walk over. He looked like a different man as he said, “I have to get my mate to my sister who is a healer. Frida is in terrible pain from sustained time with the silver in those damned walls of iron.”
“Go on, Trusom…we’ll talk later.”
“What about Vidal?” I asked as Trusom stepped back into the portal.
“My guess is he went in search of an antidote for the wolf bite,” Grail said and brushed my lips with his thumb. 
“Is there one?”
“Yes, but, the question is, will he find it in time?” Grail shrugged. “I think he only has 48 hours and it won’t be easy because the pain he is about to endure will make it difficult for him to find what he needs.”
“Well, with any good luck, he won’t find the antidote and the world will be a better safer place without him,” And then I got hit with a vision and felt as though I was falling into a well of darkness.
I could feel Grail’s arms go around me. I could hear his voice as the full weight of the vision took me, but there was no stopping what I was about to see.
All at once, I was near a dock in the French Quarter of New Orleans, and I heard a siren’s song calling my name. I looked down into the water and all at once hands, so many hands, pulled me into the river. I went down, down, down…I couldn’t breathe…I couldn’t breathe.” 
I spluttered out of my vision and held onto Grail for dear life before I said, “I think I know where the artifact is.”

~ Epilogue ~

LIFE TEACHES US EVERY SINGLE day that there is no, happily ever after, but, oh, you can come close.
That was how I felt whenever I was with Grail, in and out of his arms. A week has passed since our war with Vidal in Ireland.
Never got to see a thing but a dungeon, but Grail has promised to take me back as soon as we get our hands on the Fae Hallow.
My vision told me it was in the river in the French Quarter, but although we have searched and Shags has even used Scuba gear, we haven’t yet found it. I haven’t yet heard its song.
Grail has been busy trying to get information on Vidal. We need to know if he is alive and thus far, no luck. No one we know has any information one way or another.
Grail thinks he is alive and recovering somewhere.
I love him, but, I haven’t told him. I think he might love me. He hasn’t told me. It is probably too soon for either of us to use the word—it means so much.
I needed a day to myself, so I went home to my lovely little house. I dusted and tidied up and then curled up to read a book. Life had become intense and the quiet was good for me.
His scent and then the black cloud and then him, gorgeous and larger than life stepping towards me. 
Without a word, he took me up from my sofa and crushed me in his arms. His kiss as always curled my toes. I don’t say that out loud, but, damn, it is the truth.
When his lips moved away from mine it was to murmur, “I can’t seem to be without you, Smoke, for more than a few hours. I missed you.”
“Did you?” I asked hoping to hear more of what he might feel about me.
“You know, don’t you, but you want to hear it?”
“Do I?”
“Smoke, you aren’t just joined with me. I don’t know where I end and you begin. I find myself thinking when I see chocolate, ‘ah, my baby would like that’ and I buy it. When I say something to a supernatural that you might think unkind, it makes my conscious cringe. When…you aren’t near, I ache. I love you more than I do myself.”
I threw my arms around his neck and said, “Forever is a long, long time. Have you thought this out?”
“Thank the fates that I have forever with you,” he whispered and kissed me hard.
All at once, my living room which is not large, filled with a gold and silver dust and out of that dust, walked one of the most incredibly beautiful females I have ever seen.
Her skin glistened. Her long platinum hair hung to her knees and over a gown that clung to her figure and was nearly transparent.
Grail pulled me close and inclined his head low, so very low and pushed me to do the same, “Queen Aaibhe…we are honored.”
Her smile was soft and her voice musical, “I am here against my better judgment, but, my trusted Prince Breslyn tells me there is a danger to humans and supernaturals that must be addressed. It is my understanding that you, Prince of Cumhacht, son of King Haevin, are attempting to retrieve our treasured Cumhachdach Hallow and return it to me.”
“Yes, Queen Aaibhe, that is the truth,” Grail said.
I think my mouth was open. I couldn’t stop staring, although the queen wasn’t looking at me.
She twirled her hand and what looked like a huge crystal ball appeared in her palm. She said, “Open your hands.”
My Holy Grail did just that and the crystal ball was transferred to both of his open hands. 
She inclined her head and said, “You may use my personal Orb to locate the approximate location of the Hallow. We as Seelie Fae are unable to see and locate our own Hallows. My orb cannot show it to me, but, my orb will show it you,” she turned to me. “You, my princess will hear its song when you are close. The orb can only direct you to its approximate location, and then you will need to hear its call.”
I still found I was tongue-tied and couldn’t say a word.
“Both of you…and those you hold dear will be in grave danger. I have the sight and have seen this and nothing more. The Cumhachdach Hallow is one of our most powerful, in fact, that is how it was named, and should never fall into the wrong hands. Vidal lives and will come for it.” She put up a finger as though to stall Grail from speaking and added. “Be resilient.”
With that, she was gone.
“The Queen of the Seelie Fae!” I spluttered. “The Queen of the Seelie Fae!”
Grail laughed, “Yes.” He too seemed taken aback and startled by her visit.
“Why doesn’t she just zap Vidal dead?”
“They have a law of non-interference with humans. It is part of the treaty drawn up thousands of years ago between Fae and Man. Her coming here…giving us this orb, is very…extraordinary. She must be concerned.”
“Right, and now we know for sure, Vidal is alive.”
“Yes…” he said thoughtfully.
“So, let’s set it down and see what it can do,” I said excitedly.
Grail laid it on the coffee table and said, “We are looking for the location of the Cumhachdach Hallow. Show us the location.”
“Ah, Prince of Cumhacht, son of King Haevin, you are recognized and I shall comply,” the orb said.
And there it was, deep in the river, singing its song.
“Do you hear? It is beautiful…but so sad,” I exclaimed.
“I don’t hear anything baby, but I see the location. I can’t believe it has been here all these years.”
“It hasn’t,” the orb said. “My King has moved it over the last century.”
Grail was on his cellphone to Shags, “Yes, yes, we’ll meet you at the dock…you know the one, yes, yes, bring Sharon as well. Vidal is alive so we all need to be careful.”
“We can’t recover it…he is in New Orleans and has spies watching us,” I said as the queen’s words had brought on a vision. I have learned to control myself when a vision hits. This one came in a flash leaving only a feeling, not anything I could work with.
“Then we’ll use a shield so that he can’t see us,” Grail said and held me close as we traveled in his black cloud.
We stepped out of my Grail’s traveling cloud and spied Sharon and Shags coming towards us. I waited while Grail whispered a spell to cloak our presence.
I went to the edge of the dock and whispered the Hallow’s name, “Cumhachdach, are you there? Sing for me.”
And it did. The song was full with sorrow and loneliness and then it called my name, “Princess Smoke…take me home.”
I reached my hand into the water and used my magic to rescue the Hallow. It felt warm and tingly in my hands and no larger than a foot in height and less than six inches in width. It was in the shape of a woman…it was in the image of…
“The Dark King’s queen…his Crystal. He created me for her use, but she said I was too powerful…too dangerous and I have been alone ever since. Take me home, princess, take me home.”
“I’ll take that!” Vidal snarled at my back.
How the hell did he know? How did he get past Grail’s cloaking device? How…? And then I saw, Vidal had at least six humans held captive by his vampires. 
Things are never easy, but then, where would be the fun in easy?







When we left Smoke and Grail, Smoke had come to many truths…

~ Prelude ~

LIFE TEACHES US EVERY SINGLE day that there is no happily ever after, but, oh, you can come close.
That was how I felt whenever I was with Grail, in and out of his arms. A week has passed since our war with Vidal in Ireland.
Never got to see a thing but a dungeon, but Grail has promised to take me back as soon as we get our hands on the Fae Hallow.
My vision told me it was in the river in the French Quarter, but although we have searched, and Shags has even used scuba gear, we haven’t yet found it. I haven’t yet heard its song.
Grail has been busy trying to get information on Vidal. We need to know if he is alive, and thus far, no luck. No one we know has any information one way or another.
Grail thinks he is alive and recovering somewhere.
I love Grail, more than life, but I haven’t told him. I think he might love me. He hasn’t told me. It is probably too soon for either of us to use the word—it means so much.
I needed a day to myself, so I went home to my lovely little house. I dusted and tidied up, then curled up to read a book. Life had become intense and the quiet was good for me.
His scent, then the black cloud, and then him, gorgeous and larger than life stepping toward me. 
Without a word, he took me up from my sofa and crushed me in his arms. His kiss, as always, curled my toes. I wouldn’t admit that to him, but, damn, it is the truth.
When his lips moved away from mine, it was to murmur, “I can’t seem to be without you, Smoke, for more than a few hours. I missed you.”
“Did you?” I asked, hoping to hear more of what he might feel about me.
“You know, don’t you, but you want to hear it?” he said.
“Do I?”
“Smoke, you aren’t just joined with me. I don’t know where I end and you begin. I find myself thinking when I see chocolate, ‘ah, my baby would like that’, and I buy it. When I say something to a supernatural that you might think unkind, it makes my conscience cringe. When…you aren’t near, I ache. I love you more than I do myself.”
I threw my arms around his neck and said, “Forever is a long, long time. Have you thought this out?”
“Thank the fates that I have forever with you,” he whispered, and kissed me hard.
All at once, my living room, which is not large, filled with a gold and silver dust, and out of that dust walked one of the most incredibly beautiful females I have ever seen.
Her skin glistened. Her long platinum hair hung to her knees and over a gown that clung to her figure and was nearly transparent.
Grail took my hand and pushed me to incline my head as he did his. I bent low, so very low, because I knew who had just appeared.
He said, “Queen Aaibhe…we are honored.”
Her smile was soft and her voice musical. “I am here against my better judgment, but my trusted Prince Breslyn tells me there is a danger to humans and supernaturals that must be addressed. It is my understanding that you, Prince of Cumhacht, son of King Haevin, are attempting to retrieve our treasured Cumhachdach Hallow and return it to me.”
“Yes, Queen Aaibhe, that is the truth,” Grail said.
I think my mouth was open. I couldn’t stop staring. The queen eyed me up and down and said, “You have a familiar look…” She waved this off and twirled her fingers in the air, and a huge crystal ball appeared at her feet.
She twirled her fingers again, and it floated between us.
“Open your hands, Dark Lord.”
My Holy Grail did just that and the crystal ball was transferred to both of his open hands. 
She inclined her head and said, “You and this little one may use my personal orb to locate the approximate location of the Hallow. We, as Seelie Fae, are unable to see and locate our own Hallows. My orb cannot show it to me, but my orb will show it to you.” She turned to me. “You, my Princess, because you have the blood of an earthly witch…a seer, you will hear its song when you are close to it. The orb can only direct you to its approximate location, and then you will need to listen for its call.”
I still found I was tongue-tied and couldn’t say a word.
“Both of you…and those you hold dear, will be in grave danger. My visions have shown me that danger is hovering all around you and yours. If you accept to aid us, you must protect yourselves as best you can.”
Finally, I found my voice. “Why is this Hallow so important?”
“The Cumhachdach Hallow was created by the Dark King. It, like all our Hallows, has a life of its own, and because of that, our Hallows evolve over time. This one must have developed into something new over the years. Because the Dark King meant it to be many things—a gift for his special beloved, he created it with many abilities. I don’t know everything about this Hallow, but I can tell you that when it was made, it was to protect the Dark King’s mate, and so it was named. It should never fall into the wrong hands. It could do just that because the ancient vampire, Vidal, still lives and will come for it.” She put up a finger as though to stall either one of us from speaking and added, “Be resilient.”
With that, she was gone.
“The Queen of the Seelie Fae!” I spluttered. “The Queen of the Seelie Fae!”
Grail laughed. “Yes.” He, too, seemed taken aback and startled by her visit.
“Why doesn’t she just zap Vidal dead?”
“They have a law of non-interference with humans. It is part of the treaty drawn up thousands of years ago between Fae and Man. Her coming here…giving us this orb, is very…extraordinary. She must be concerned.”
“Right, and now we know for sure Vidal is alive.”
“Yes,” he said thoughtfully.
“So, let’s set the orb down and see what it can do,” I said excitedly.
Grail laid it on the coffee table and said, “We are looking for the location of the Cumhachdach Hallow. Show us the location.”
“Ah, Prince of Cumhacht, son of King Haevin, you are recognized and I shall comply,” the orb spoke in a melodious voice, soft but clear.
We both stared into the orb as the mist inside of it dissipated. 
I saw dark, still water part and a light from the orb shining directly on the Hallow. I couldn’t make out the shape, and yet I knew and sensed tremendous power emanating directly from the Hallow. Somehow, it knew we were searching, and it was attempting to call to us. 
Where was it? I looked at Grail and whispered, “It is in a river, and relatively close.”
“In New Orleans,” he said more than asked. 
Humming filled the room, sweet and doleful humming.
“Do you hear that? It is humming a tune…trying to direct us, and, Grail, it is beautiful, yes…but so sad,” I exclaimed.
“I don’t hear anything, baby, but I recognize the dock the orb is showing us. It is a familiar pier. Damn, but it has been here all these years.”
“No, Prince Cumhacht, the Hallow hasn’t always been in its present location,” Queen Aaibhe’s orb said. “The Dark King has moved it many times, but it has been there for over a century.”
Grail took less than a moment to pull out his cellphone. Shags answered immediately and Grail told him, “Yes, yes, we’ll meet you at the dock…you know the one. I know…yes, yes, bring Sharon as well. Apparently Vidal is still alive and searching for the Hallow. We’ll need to be careful.”
“We can’t recover it if Vidal is spying on us, and if he is alive, that is what he is doing…watching us for sure,” I said. That was when it hit me. I doubled over as the vision filled my head. I saw Vidal struggling with Grail…and then something huge with claws ripped out at me and the vision vanished.
I gasped and held onto Grail’s substantial bicep as he put his arm around my waist and pulled me close. “What, baby, a vision?”
“Yes. Vidal has help, monstrous help,” I said.
“Doesn’t he always?” Grail’s eyebrows arched. “He has nothing on us.”
I released a nervous laugh because every instinct told me we were about to face a serious threat. “Still and all…” I started.
“I mean to shield us with a spell I perfected a long time ago. He shouldn’t be able to see through it as we transport to the pier,” Grail said, and dropped a kiss on my lips. “Smoke, baby, don’t go hot-dogging this time. Stay close to me. I won’t have you in any more danger than you already are. Understood?”
I smiled. “So protective, my Dark Lord.”
“You have wrapped yourself around me, baby, and now…I’m not letting go.” 
He spun his black traveling cloud around us and we traveled in his magic, holding on to one another. When I am close like that to my Holy Grail, I always feel safe and so very secure.
Grail stepped out of the cloud with me still tightly up against him. He pulled out his cellphone immediately and called Shags. 
While we waited for Shags and Sharon to arrive, he kissed me, long and sweet.
“Smoke, do you know how deeply I am in love with you—how strong our bond is?” he whispered in my ear.
“Yes.” I gasped as his hands traveled to my ass and pulled me sharply into his hard-on. “Right this moment, it isn’t easy to miss.”
“I’m serious, baby. All I want to do from the moment I open my eyes in the morning is make love to you, be with you…see the world through your eyes—please you. You have changed me in ways that make me need you more every minute of every hour.”
“Right now, what I want is the freedom of being apart from all of this. What I want right now is to sit you down…on that bench there, take out your cock and ride it hard, and…”
“Careful, Smokey-girl,” he cut me off, “or that is just what we will be doing,” he breathed into my ear.
“Grail, I don’t know why we have become these supposed super-heroes who have to save the world. It isn’t what I want. I want…you, and normal.”
“Normal isn’t your or my style,” he said, and chuckled. “You would be bored inside of twenty minutes with normal.”
Sharon and Shags came running toward us just then, putting an end to that discussion. We all stood very still as Grail enacted his enchantment to incorporate all of us in his protective shield.
A moment later, we walked to the edge of the dock. It was a moment of great importance, so I took a second to breathe in and out before I whispered the Hallow’s name. “Cumhachdach, are you there? Will you sing for me?”
A fluted melody pushed past the river. A song burst out of the dark, low waves of the river, filled the air and surrounded me. So sad and lonely, the Hallow sang of its ordeal over the years and ended with, “Princess Smoke…blood of his blood, take me home.”
I reached my hand into the water and used my magic to pull up the Hallow. The river water began to bubble explosively, but my magic brought up the Hallow, just not quite up and into my hands. The Dark King had deposited it into the river, and magic alone wasn’t going to get it out so easily. 
I did the only thing I could think of.  I dove into the river.
I peered through the murky water and saw the Hallow where it rested. It was covered in seaweed, and once again, I attempted to grab hold. The water, the seaweed…everything between me and the Hallow began to churn, as though the Dark King had put a shield around it to stop anyone from retrieving it.
Home, the Hallow sang.
I swirled in place and created a vacuum in short order, grinned to myself, and grabbed the ancient Hallow and held it to myself.
All at once, the river quieted. Clutching the Dark Hallow, I swam back to the surface, burst out of the river, and landed in my soaking boots on the dock.
I was thoroughly wet, but I was holding the Hallow close to my middle. A warm tingle shot through me and coursed into my blood.
The Hallow whispered, “Home.”
Grail was there in the next instant, wrapping himself around me, kissing my forehead, and murmuring an enchantment. 
The spell worked over me quickly, and its glow had me dry from head to toe. I laughed and shook my thick head of long hair, which Grail’s hands had taken up as he pulled me in for a serious hug.
“You have to stop doing that,” Grail said after his lips had brushed against mine.
“What?”
“Scaring the shit out of me. Give me some warning,” he said, and shook his head.
“Hmm…sometimes I don’t know what I am about to do until I am doing it,” I told him.
We both looked at the Hallow as Shags and Sharon completed the protective circle.
The sculpture, made of some unknown material, was less than a foot in height and no more than four inches in width. It was in the shape of a woman in a flowing gown.
“I wonder what it does,” Sharon said.
“I am not an ‘it’,” the Hallow said. “I am a sacred Hallow. The Dark King created me for his beloved, for my lady Crystal. Over time, she became a part of everything I am. When he thought her forever lost to him, he could not bear to have me near, but he said he could not bear to destroy what she loved. He flung me into the Human Realm…as my lady had been a human when they met. Now it is time for me to return to my lady. Take me home, Princess Smoke, take me home.”
“How do you know my name?” I was astonished.
“Blood will out,” the Hallow said softly.
“Blood will out?” I said. “What does that mean?”
Silence from the Hallow.
“Can you hear it?” I asked Grail.
“No, baby, I only hear you. What did it say?” 
Shags asked, “It talks?”
“Not an ‘it’,” the Hallow objected.
“I’ll take that!” Vidal snarled, coming at us out of nowhere. He crashed between all of us at vampire speed and snatched at the Hallow. I shifted away with it in my arms.
What the hell? How did he get past Grail’s cloaking device? How…? 
But there was no time to contemplate the questions because there in the small open field near the dock, we saw Vidal had at least six humans held captive by some very vicious looking vampires. We were going to have to act fast to keep the Hallow out of his hands and save the human hostages.
Things are never easy, but then, where would be the fun in easy?

~ One ~


WITHOUT THINKING, I SHIFTED ALL of us well out of Vidal’s reach and closer to the humans being held hostage by the vamps.
The sun had already set, but dusk had arrived with a high full moon, so we had light hovering above all of us. We looked at the frightened humans in the vampires’ grip. Each one could be killed before we could move. 
We looked at one another, and Vidal, using his speed, came at us again. When he was within ten feet of our circle, he screamed as though in agony, “I will have the Hallow!”
“You can’t win,” Grail told him. “You aren’t meant to have the Fae Hallow. You wouldn’t even know how to use it.”
“I will have it or those pathetic humans will have you to blame for their painful death! Count on it, Dark Lord, my vampires will make them scream in agony. That will be on you. Believe me.”
Vidal’s first attempt to find and take possession of the Hallow had been unsuccessful. Still, how the hell had he gotten through Grail’s shield?
We were now facing a tough, new dilemma. 
Only a bit more than a week after our battle with Vidal, and we had thought—hoped, he had perished. We searched for a sign of him, but even with my Grail’s ancient artifacts and tracking skills, we had not been able to locate the ancient vampire’s hidey-hole. 
Now that we knew he had survived, we had to consider that someone with potent magic had to be aiding his efforts. But…who? And damn, how were we going to rescue the humans before he started torturing them?
Shags nudged Grail and said, his voice low and worried, “I smell a demon in the area, and the scent of a demon is all over Vidal.”
Wolf shifters can pick up on scents way better than vamps or wizards, or even hybrids like myself.
“A demon?” Grail said thoughtfully. 
I tried to imagine the kind of demon it would take to get past Grail’s cloaking spell. I couldn’t. There isn’t a demon alive…that I know of, that could do that.
Vidal sneered. “You think you can save them? You can’t unless you give me the Hallow.”
“You will never get the Hallow, but if you harm the humans, we will never stop coming at you and yours. Think of that, Vidal,” Grail warned him. 
We all knew this day might come. Now that it was here, we were faced with a problem we had to deal with immediately. Death was hanging in the air…but whose?
Damn, damn, damn Vidal and his obsession with the Hallow.
Why would he think we would save the humans by giving him the Hallow? Even I knew we simply could not do that, because we might save these humans…while so many others would die or be subjected to his cruelty. He wanted full control over all supernaturals and humans alike.
No, sacrificing the Hallow to him was not an option.
Grail stepped forward toward the vamps holding the humans in their collective grip. He was very still as he worked his magic and shot out a bolt of energy, directing it to hit the six vampires in one strike. They yelped in pain but didn’t release their hostages.
Grail looked at me as he gathered up a solid rocket of Dark Magic and blasted the vampires again. Some of them were able to use their speed and duck the hard blow. Others were knocked to the ground, but the humans didn’t try to flee. Instead, they stood, obviously in a vampire compulsion trance.
Well, that was annoying!
Grail looked irritated, and his next bolt of power made a serious dent in the vamps, many of whom tried scrambling for cover. Others, not so fortunate, found themselves bleeding profusely, and as vamps don’t like to bleed, I was surprised they still did not give up their prizes.
Another set of vamps, with another set of humans, appeared. There now was at least twenty humans enthralled, and it was obvious the vampires had already fed upon them. 
I wasn’t letting go of the precious Hallow, and kept my arms tightly around it as I tried to figure out what I should do next. 
All at once, Vidal vanished. I looked around for him, but he was gone. Now that was another unexpected thing. I wasn’t liking it. Something was up.
How had he vanished without one of us noticing? A flash of color would have alerted us if he had started moving at vampire speed, but even as I puzzled over this, I had my answer. 
A portal. The damn thing was open wide and sizzling with red and gold. It spluttered and snorted as it opened even wider just to the left of where we stood. The mouth of the portal was huge, so large that as it yawned, it completely obliterated the view of the row of dilapidated buildings behind it.  
Why such a large portal? Vampires don’t have the kind of magic needed to open a portal. So did they have a witch working for them?
Shags’ nose was up in the air. “Trouble,” he said. “Definitely demon trouble.”
Ah, demons had the power to open portals. Vidal must be working with demons. He had done so in the past.
Right, time to leave with the Hallow, but where would be the safest place?
Sharon aligned herself beside Grail and Shags, who were getting into attack mode. They meant to take on the vamps and save the hostages.
A definite wave of unsteady atmosphere engulfed us. Wind broke out, emanating from the mouth of the portal. We were using a whole lot of power to withstand the whirlwind coming at us…and then, we saw, with great relief, a sure friend.
Trusom, our team warlock, stepped out of his flashing blue cloud to join us. Trusom is a rock steady ally and a powerful warlock. He stood tall, with his white hair free flowing. He was in warlock uniform, and had the situation been less threatening, I would have giggled at his shiny blue beret, his sparkling blue long coat, and the silver wand behind one ear.
“Trusom,” Grail said with a grin. “Glad to have you.”
“What…you had this, as I see there are only…what, two dozen or so vamps? But let’s get this over with.” He put up his long nailed pointer finger and a moment later, the vampires were solid ice! Freezing vamps was one of his specialties. 
Almost immediately the humans were automatically freed from their compulsion and staggered around before they looked at the frozen vamps and began screaming!
No one ran, which surprised me, as I watched them stagger around in total confusion and terror. 
Grail snapped his fingers and chanted something low and potent. All the humans quieted immediately and stood stoically in place. Grail approached the humans while Trusom went after some of the vamps who had escaped his deep freeze.
I held the Hallow close and called to Sharon, “I think I should take this somewhere safe.”
“Not alone, kid, not alone,” she answered.
Trusom brought down one vampire after another with his freeze spell, but as he returned, one of the humans started to screech at the top of her lungs.
“Hush, human, you offend my ears,” Trusom shouted at her, which made her scream even louder. 
This set off all the humans again, and it was chaos for a moment as they started off in different directions.
We all worked to gather them up and Sharon immediately compelled them to stand still while she softly began talking to them. She could only do two at a time, as she had to look them in the eye. I hurried to help her just as another vampire came out of nowhere and unwisely threw a punch at Grail.
Silly vamp, I thought, and watched Grail plant him in the ground—literally, quite a few feet in the earth.
All at once, I heard Shags, still in human form, shout out, “Smoke! Look out, Smoke!”
I turned and Vidal was right behind me, and using his vamp speed to get up and into my face. I laughed and shifted off, leaving Sharon to tend to the humans. I stepped out near the river’s edge.
I wasn’t worried. It looked like we had everything contained. Sharon was using compulsion to make the humans forget. Grail had the ability to do the same, though he refused to call it compulsion. Thankfully, I could see some humans already leaving the area. They wouldn’t remember the terror they suffered and would sleep it off to wake refreshed.
I made sure I had a firm grasp of the Hallow. Safe. I had to keep it safe. While I had it pressed to my body, it was safe.
Wrong. 
Vidal was on me once more, and once more I shifted, giving him the finger as I left him in a circle of dust.
As I stepped out of my jump shift, my attention was taken by the sound of heavy breathing—Darth Vader breathing, only louder, and close, too close.
I turned toward the sound and was momentarily stunned. 
The source of the breathing? 
He was the stuff of nightmares—a huge demon with gold tipped flames sparking around his dark maroon and scaly body. Two dangerous looking horns on his enormous head seemed to curve and frame his ugly face. His eyes protruded. Behind him was the dark and spluttering portal, which seemed to have already grown to twice the size, and it had already been cavernous. What the hell kind of demon was he? I have never seen anything like him. 
Wait—more! Demons started jumping out of the portal two by two. Behind the big guy, I counted at least ten smaller versions. Crap!
The big guy apparently was their leader. He put up a hand and stood tall, and obviously his fiery presence was one of authority. Who was this guy?
He eyed me and gave me a moment to consider the challenge I faced. He was challenge enough, his expression told me, but his backup made it worse. 
Damn, a wise woman would have backed off, backed down…ran for the hills. Not so wise, I stood my ground and gave him a cocky look.
He was at least seven feet tall. His naked and maroon colored leathery chest was massive. Black, intricate tats covered his biceps and reminded me of ancient runes. His hands, if you could call them that, sported two inch claws. The only clothing he wore was his brown leather pants and sandals over his huge feet. 
He growled and clenched his clawed hands into fists. Sparks flew off him as he marched directly at me. The closer he got, the more sparks ignited all around him, as evidence that I should be afraid. Sure did the job.
I looked around for Grail, but he had gone after a group of new vampire arrivals. As I didn’t see Trusom and Shags, who had transformed into wolf form, I concluded they had gone with him to seriously kick some vampire butt. That left me…and Sharon, who appeared at my side in a flash. “My, he is a big one,” Sharon commented. “What did you do to make him so angry?”
I pushed the Hallow surreptitiously into Sharon’s arms. “Take it and go.”
“What, and leave you to a demon party, with you as the meal? Not happening.” Sharon snorted.
“Go now, don’t worry about me…I can shift away all day,” I told her.
She gave me one hard look, then without hesitation, she was off. 
I turned to find the demon with his ugly sizzling crew towering over me.
“Mine!” the demon pronounced in a deep baritone. “Come with me, Princess of the Light.”
Mine? What the hell does that mean? And how does he know who I am?
“I don’t think so, buddy,” I answered, and sent a bolt of energy smack dab into his chest. It should have sent him flying backward at least fifty yards. It only sent him back a few feet. 
Time to shift. 
Out of nowhere, Vidal appeared and grabbed my wrist.
The sizzling demon also made a grab for me, yup, all seven feet of massive demon was about to do his thing. I could hear his Darth Vader breathing and feel the demon’s heat fill the air all around me. I had only one option. 
I shifted into the river with Vidal holding on for dear life.
Of course, I went under, and deep. Like an idiot, I forgot to close my mouth, and swallowed water, which made me choke like the human I am not. Old habits die hard.
Somehow, my instinct finally decided to kick in—some hidden knowledge, installed by my father, in the back of my mind, had sent me diving into the river. I knew, just knew, sizzling demon wouldn’t follow. 
The problem? Vidal. He still held on to my wrist, determined to come along for whatever ride I meant to take.
Smart? Not so much. But Vidal is driven, and when obsession takes over, being clever doesn’t always rule. However, at least I had escaped Mr. Big, the demon. 
Sorta.
However, what to do next?
I can breathe under water, and in the ground, almost anywhere for a decent amount of time. That is the vamp and immortal in me. However, as a vamp, so could Vidal.
I did, however, want to see where Mr. Big-head demon was. I shot out of the water, saw he had stopped at the water’s edge, and I dove back down, taking Vidal with me again. 
Damn, but the demon looked angry and determined. 
Was I fucked? Yeah, and not in a good way. I had to shake Vidal’s hold.
I soared out of the water, and with a flick of my finger, burned Vidal’s fingers. He released me and I shifted quite a distance down the river’s edge, staying close to the water and ready to dive back in if Mr. Big came for me.
I saw that the demon was really pissed. I saw black dust shooting out of his wide, flat nostrils. I saw Grail, Shags, and Trusom were fighting off a horde of vampires. Oh yeah…I saw I was in trouble.
Trouble comes in many forms, but this time, I knew for certain Big Boy demon didn’t want to get wet. 
Vidal rushed me, vamp speed. I shifted again and yelled out, “I can do this all day, ancient, so give it up.”
“The Wiele,” Vidal shouted at the demon.
Big Boy grunted. He was giving off sparks all over the place, but that command from Vidal made him stop in his tracks and smile. 
I say the monster demon smiled, but not sure it was a smile. At any rate, his lips had turned upward.
I tried to get my mind around the words Vidal had just shouted. The Wiele? It had a familiar ring. It was something that triggered the compartment my dad had installed in my brain to open wide. The Wiele? And then with a sinking sensation, I remembered, because it was not my first encounter with it. How had I forgotten about the Wiele?
Monster demon reached around to his back waistband and I jump shifted…twice.
I had to get far, far away, but Vidal had anticipated I would shift closer to Grail. Once again, he had a strangle hold on my wrist.
The demon whirled the gold netting around his huge head, creating a windstorm. I knew I had to shift away, but even as I stepped into my shift, Vidal, who still held my wrist in his hand, caught the Wiele with his free one and flung it over me. 
Result, we shifted together, but I was trapped in the gold net.
Fae use the Wiele to capture and stop a fellow Fae from shifting. As apparently we Deatachs are related to the Fae, I was also affected by the properties of this device. 
Grail appeared then and shot a bolt of blue energy at the demon, who ate it up for dinner and turned to ask for more. 
The demons began to encircle us. This was bad and I screamed, “Grail…you have to get away.” I had to do something, but what? I was trapped in the netting.
Vidal was yelling something in demonize. Big Boy came for me, his demons went after Grail. Trusom arrived and started freezing them one by one. Shags tore into them as they stood temporarily frozen in place.
However, before I could blink, Big Guy flung me over his shoulder, and at surprising speed lunged for his portal. Vidal was at our backs.
Trusom threw a freeze at us, but too late, we were already in the portal.
There was nothing I could do. The netting kept me from being able to shift. I couldn’t move.
The portal sizzled all around us. Sparks flew in every direction. I tried to think of a way out of my predicament.
We bumped from side to side. I wiggled and attempted to throw the demon off balance. Perhaps if I could just get loose? But Big Boy demon didn’t go down. His hold on me tightened.
Everything happened all too fast, in less than sixty seconds, I guessed. What would they do when they realized I didn’t have the Hallow? Just what would they do?
A glop of goo from the portal’s ceiling fell on my head and dripped through the gold netting over my hair and down my face. Ugh, yuck. This was so not fun.
I had no idea where the portal would take us, but I knew I was in serious trouble.

~ Two ~


HOLDING ME OVER HIS SHOULDER, Big Boy demon bumped us uncontrollably along the walls of the spluttering hot portal. I was in a jam, and I couldn’t think. I had to think, but circumstances had turned my brain to mush. 
You need to escape! Think. Nothing! My head and body felt like we were being tossed in a blender, and all I could do was grunt and groan.
Eventually, they would discover I didn’t have the Hallow on me.
What then?
Would they hold me hostage as a bargaining chip? Yeah, of course.
I could only hope Grail would not trade the Hallow for me. The Hallow would be too dangerous in Vidal’s hands, but knowing Grail…no way would he allow them to keep me as their prisoner. He would figure something out.
However, if he couldn’t…he would make the trade. I knew that, and couldn’t allow such a thing to happen. The answer—I had to find a way to escape.
First, I knew I wasn’t going anywhere wrapped up in the golden netting. So then, how to escape the confines of the Golden Wiele? Good question. No ready answer.
I was just thinking this was a slow moving portal when suddenly, demon boy landed with a hard thump on a stone floor. 
As best I could, I looked around, not surprised to find a dank, dark type of environment. A dungeon. Of course, we were in a dungeon. Vidal was an ancient, so, of course, he would have a dungeon. 
Demon marched me over to an open cell and dumped me on its cold floor. I felt a wave of a something hit me and realized I was nauseous. The bars of the cell were made of iron.
I am affected, as are the Fae, by iron. I have read that iron in large dosages can be fatal to a Fae.
Not good. So not good. Right. Think Smoke…think. “Ah…Big Boy…any chance you could give me a wet rag and some soap and water? I need to wash the goop off…” 
He grunted, and with a wave of his hand, I was no longer covered in goop. What did that mean? Also, Mr. Demon was no longer sizzling. He could turn his sizzle off at will. I had to think. He had shown a bit of kindness…so what was going on here?
While I was trying to get my mind in order, I rolled onto my side so I had a view of the dungeon type chamber my prison cell was housed in. Mr. Demon took to pacing, and when Vidal appeared, he marched angrily toward him. 
“Where is it? She doesn’t have it? So…I claim her and will go on my way,” Mr. Big Boy demon said to Vidal.
“I have plans for her. When I get the Hallow, as promised, I will allow it to be used to help you, and only then will I turn her over.”
“In the meantime, no one touches her. You don’t touch her!”
Well now, that surprised me. And what the hell did he mean he was going to claim me? What was this? 
During this interval, I couldn’t help but notice the demon, who started once more to sizzle and spark, seemed out of breath. In fact, his breathing was seriously labored—much worse than ‘ole Darth. 
“You had better go back and recoup,” Vidal said. “The atmosphere is getting to you.”
“I will because I don’t have a choice, but if she is harmed in any way, you will be as well. She is my only hope. I need her, and you promised she would be mine in return for my help.”
“As of yet, you weren’t very helpful. You can see she doesn’t have the Hallow on her,” Vidal snapped.
“Not my fault. I need that Hallow as much as you!” the demon snapped. “And I kept my part of the bargain. I opened the portal for you, didn’t I? I helped you find her…” the demon’s voice was now a loud and hoarse growl.
“I still have to get my hands on the Hallow—as do you.”
The demon made a harsh sound and fisted his claws. “Careful, vampire. I am king of all demons and capable of much. You would do well to remember that.”
Vidal grunted and looked away. I was taking everything in, although I was only able to partially follow their movements from my position on the cold floor. I was virtually immobile, except for the slight ability to roll over onto my back—a place I wasn’t keen on getting to.
“I must return…but I will not be gone long,” the king of all the demons said, and walked to the far corner, where his portal sizzled with energy. I saw him step inside, but not before he put up a finger and warned, “No one harms her.” With that, he was gone.
Right, I had no idea how long the demon king would have to stay away. Odd the brute would be the one to demand I not be harmed. I was going to have to figure out how to use that to my advantage.  
It was precisely at that moment when something, not unlike the proverbial lightbulb, lit up in my brain. It was as though my father threw open that compartment he had installed in my head and shouted out my name. New information poured into my brain, though I had to assimilate it and make sense of it. It seemed each time I was in deadly trouble, new information would pour in, and yeah, oh yeah, I had my first idea. 
Now all I needed was Vidal to leave me to myself for just a little while.
You know, getting information about what I am capable of doing isn’t the same as creating a plan of action. I knew what I had to do, but I still had to figure out how I could do it with guards and Vidal strolling around.
I needed all eyes off me for a couple of seconds. That was all I needed, just a couple of seconds. The vampire guards weren’t posted too far away, but even so, if they just looked the other way for a few moments…?
A small blistering red hole in the atmosphere not more than twenty feet in front of my cell appeared just then, and caught my attention. The demon portal. Right. I guess the portal to the king demon’s world was still viable and alive, which meant I had to act fast, before he returned.
I could still hear the demon king say I was his. What was that all about? No matter, I had to escape before I found out.
The notion the demon actually wanted me made me choke, and drew the guards’ attention. Still gagging, and inside the gold netting, I managed to give them a finger salute.
If I was trapped much longer, the iron would begin to weaken me.
“Vidal?” I called, and was pleased enough when he turned and came up to the iron bars.
“What?” he snarled, out of temper.
I was actually surprised he responded to me at all. “Why does that demon want me?”
Vidal laughed. “You’ll find out. In the meantime, since you managed to hand off the Hallow to your friends, and I am supposing that is what you did, I would worry about getting Grail to hand it over to us if you wish to live.”
“You know Grail will never trade me for the Hallow, and it looks like Mr. Demon doesn’t want you to make that trade.” I tried to taunt, but looking superior all wrapped up and on the floor made it difficult to do. 
Vidal laughed and then held one iron bar. “I am beginning to think I don’t need Tiománaí.”
“Tiománaí? Is that his name?” I wanted to keep Vidal talking, maybe I would glean some information, something I might be able to use to distract the guards, that is, if Vidal ever left me to myself.
“Never mind what his name is,” Vidal said, sneered, and thankfully turned and walked off. 
I heard the slamming of a door. Good. Now if I could get myself upright within the confines of the gold netting…? Perhaps a bit of earthly magic would do the trick? Yay, Grandma…help me now.
Vidal and Tio, as I mean to call the demon, had made a grave mistake. They had not secured my feet within the netting. Sure, at the moment, the netting was twisted around my ankles, but that was an easy fix. 
Also, I am more than a Deatach immortal. I am a Tribrid. I am a vampire and an earthly witch as well. There are ways of turning one off in favor of the other.
I called on an earthly witch spell and silently thanked my grandmother again, and within a jiffy, I was upright…sorta. Couldn’t stand, as the netting wasn’t tall enough, but at least I was upright on my knees. 
But, damn, Vidal was back and marching right at me!
* * * * *
Grail Wilder

How did I lose her? What was wrong with me, leaving her on her own like that? How did I let Vidal get to her? How did I not see it coming? 
My fists kept clenching and unclenching, and if I didn’t get control, I wouldn’t be able to think, and still…why, why did I chase down a vamp when I should have been protecting my Smoke?
Done. That was done, and now I had to figure out where Vidal had taken her! Damn. Damn. Damn.
I stood helpless near the river, looking at the spot where the portal had been. It was gone, and with its closure, all chance of following. Helpless?  When have I ever been helpless?
“Grail…” Sharon spoke softly as she touched my arm and made me look at her. “I have the Hallow. We need to leave here and take it somewhere safe. You are worried about our Smoke, I know, but she is one powerful piece of machinery, and I have no doubt Vidal will soon be sorry he tangled with her.”
Shags, still in wolf form, whined. Sharon stroked his enormous furry head and gave me an encouraging smile. However, I damn well knew, I should have had my baby’s back.
“Yes…we’ll go to my secret chamber,” I told her. “We’ll lock it up there where no one can get to it. I will also use my orb to try and locate her.” I created my traveling cloud and we all stepped inside its magical force. 
The club, managed in our absence by a trusted crew of witches, would be in full swing by now, so I took us directly to the back of the long, busy bar.
A few regulars called out to us. We ignored them. They laughed and started chanting, “Dark Lord, Dark Lord, Dark Lord.” 
Shags had transformed back into human form and grinned at some of his cronies, telling them to have a drink on him, before he hurriedly followed me to my back door. I opened it just wide enough for us to all step through. We took my narrow hallway, which would lead us to my secret panel.
At my side, Shags embraced and nuzzled Sharon and told her not to worry—that I would find her friend. 
I shook my head. Truth was, I felt lost without Smoke, lost, and for the first time in my life, unsure of my ability to locate the one person I needed more than anything else in the world.
I waved a finger and the secret entrance to my Room of Realms appeared. 
We went inside—the panel closed at our backs. The panel and the room are protected with a concealment spell. 
This room has a window into the universe where all realms may be reached in one fashion or another. The power of this room is a trick of chance, a phenomenon that allows me to connect to other worlds. A gift from my father.
I stared across at a window that looked out onto a dark velvet sky, alive with the stars that illuminated it.
Here, the Hallow would be untouchable. I flicked my wrist, sending it into the ether of the chamber. Only I could retrieve it now. 
“I have no way of contacting the Fae Queen. The Fae Realm has long been closed to visitors. One may enter only through express invitation. So we’ll have to keep the Hallow safe until I can find Smoke and bring her home.” I turned to Sharon. “I have to find her, Sharon. I am a shell without her.”
“We’ll find her. Grail, use your orb.” Sharon touched my shoulder. “Go on.”
I went over to another part of the Dark chamber I had created so long ago and waved my hand to reveal a secret cupboard. I removed my orb from its shelf and said, “Dacha…don’t let me down now.” 
The mist in the glass orb thickened and, as always, it responded to me, “How may I serve you, Prince?” To the orb, I am still the Prince of Cumhacht, son of King Haevin. Only here, in New Orleans, am I the Dark Lord. 
“Where is my mate, where is the Princess of the Light, where is Smoke?”
Nothing happened for a moment, then the orb spoke and its genderless voice was deep with concern. “She is in danger most vile. I cannot pinpoint her exact location, as it is shielded by a very potent king demon’s spell. He is King of the Tatami and ruler of all the Demon Realms.”
I looked at Sharon. “Why would the king of demons be helping Vidal?”
Shags shook his head. “Vidal must have promised him something he needs.”
I thought this over. Shags was always clear-sighted.
“Try harder, Dacha. Break the spell. That is my command…work past the shield. She is my mate, and as such, holds power over you…as I do. Take from me what you must…but find her!” 
As it happens, the orb, Dacha, is a living thing—another gift from my father. Dacha can absorb some of my magic and return it in the form of information. I have only once before allowed this in the past. It is a painful procedure.
“You will feel…great pain, which I regret, my Prince,” the orb said, and I detected sadness in its tone. Over time, artifacts such as Dacha attach themselves to their owners. A bond is formed, and I have fostered this with Dacha. We have developed a friendship over the years.
I felt my orb’s feathery tentacles touch me, but when it entered my head, it was a bolt of pure energy that spread out inside my blood and I stiffened because, yes, the pain was excruciating! Gritting my teeth against the pain, I allowed it to wind its way around my brain, I felt as though my head was about to explode, and then suddenly, quickly, those tentacles receded.
I nearly collapsed…no, that’s wrong. I did collapse, and I think I cried out as the world went dark!

~ Three ~
Smoke


VIDAL STOPPED AND STARED BEFORE he took a menacing step toward me. I stared him down. 
“How the hell, how the fucking hell are you upright?” he shouted.
“Hmm,” I offered. “Not sure. Kinda hazy on that, but then, I have always been athletic. Also, I love magic. One minute on my back and then…poof, with a thought, on my feet. Must be more powerful than you or even I thought.” Let him wonder about my abilities for a minute. Get him off kilter. 
His blood tinted eyes, which indicated he had just fed, narrowed. He ignored what I had just told him and said, “Are you hungry, little vampire? You must want a refreshment?” Evidently, he meant to taunt me.
“Aww, are you offering me some refreshment? How nice.” I fluttered my lashes at him and gave him a cold smile.
“Be good, little vamp, or it won’t go well for you,” he said, his voice low and threatening.
“Be good? Hmm…your definition of good or mine? Wait…you don’t know what good is.” If he wanted to play, sure, I could play. “Look, we both know you aren’t going to hurt me. For one, King Tio, the demon, wouldn’t like it.” That was a jab in the dark based on Tio’s parting remarks. “And two, you need to trade me for the Hallow, though, I have to tell you, even for me…Grail won’t hand it over. Ha, trade the all-powerful Fae Hallow for a woman?”
“I have seen the way he looks at you. You are not just ‘any’ woman to him. So you had better hope I am right and he will accept my offer. I have already sent a messenger giving him my demands and a place of meeting. I don’t think he has a choice.”
“Oh, he has a choice. You don’t get to be the Dark Lord of New Orleans unless you’ve made choices down the line. So…wait and see.” I gave him a derisive look. Vidal’s ego was so humongous that I knew he wouldn’t take my gibe with grace.  
He didn’t.
“Starve then,” he said, and put his hands on the iron bars. “You will soon need blood so badly you will ache!”
“I don’t think King Tio would like for me to suffer,” I threw at him. As long as he was bent on staying and talking, I wanted him to tell me more about the giant demon.
“You dare to call him Tio? He is the king of all the Demon Realms.” He frowned. “Ah, you think because he doesn’t want you harmed that he cares about you?” Vidal snorted. “You think he wants you? No, little vampire, he doesn’t want you. He needs you…nothing more.”
“For what? What can I do for someone—something, like that?” Vidal still didn’t know what I really am. Not sure I did either.
“You’ll see soon enough,” he gloated.
“And if you give me over to King Tio…how will you then trade me for the Hallow,” I pursued.
“Again, my answer is…you’ll see,” Vidal said, turned on his silver heeled black leather boot and stormed to the exit, where he paused at the door. “Better hope your Dark Lord agrees to the trade.”
He left me then and I knew I had to get moving if I was going to escape, however, I was once again stalled in my efforts. 
King Tio stepped out of his sizzling portal. I watched him as he strode toward me. I noticed he wasn’t giving off any deadly sparks. I waited and said nothing as he stopped, and though it was hard to tell if he was frowning, (he has no eyebrows), he looked angrier than usual.
“How is it you are upright? Vidal told me that encased in the netting you wouldn’t be able to move,” he demanded, and looked me over with what I thought was interest. 
“Up…because it is slightly more comfortable. How? Well, don’t mean to tell you. What you need to know is that you don’t know much about me,” I answered, and gave him a smirk. 
“So it would seem. The Fae net…keeps you in place…and should keep you immobile,” he spat at me. “It is what Vidal told me.”
“Vidal pretends to know things, but he doesn’t. The Golden Wiele keeps the Fae…and I guess me, from shifting. Yes, it makes movement…difficult. But then, I am more than a Deatach immortal, don’t’cha know. Oh, I see, you don’t know, do you?” I didn’t want him to think about my feet and ankles. So I pulled a face at him.
He didn’t get angry, which is what I was trying to do, get him upset and off balance. Instead, he very calmly said, “This is excellent. You are even more powerful than I was told. You are just what I need.” 
It was impossible to tell from his expression, but his words indicated the damned brute was excited about me being powerful. How weird was that?
“My turn,” I told him. “Tell me why you want me.”
“I don’t want you. I need you, I need your help,” he snapped. “You will help me.”
“Will I? Why should I? You haven’t been exactly kind.”
He stared at me. When a demon of his size and leathery looks hard at you, it can be quite disconcerting, however, there was more to this demon than I had, at first, assumed. I waited for his answer.
“You will see,” he grumbled.
“Geez, you both have the same line.” I sighed and decided it was time to sow discontent. “You know…your partner, Vidal, plans to trade me for the Hallow, and my mate, the Dark Lord of New Orleans, is not about to be tricked into handing it over. Instead, my mate will come for me, and when he does, he will tear Vidal, this place, and yes, even you, big fella, apart. So if you need my help…this method…netting me, weakening me with iron, is not a reasonable way to get it.”
“Trade you?” He had zeroed in on that and grabbed the bars to glower at me, though he was always glowering, so it was nothing new. “How do you know this?”
“Well, Vidal wants the Hallow. He can’t accomplish his emperor of the universe thing without it. He is obsessed with ruling everything and everyone. The Dark Lord, who is my mate, has the Hallow. You must see what comes next.”
“He said nothing about a trade. I need you and the Hallow. He knows this…it was promised to me for my help. He said he would take the Hallow only after I…” Cutting himself off, he turned on his sandaled feet and marched to the exit. 
Okay, good, step one accomplished. The two villains of the story would be busy arguing for a time. I had to hurry!
I glanced at the vampire guards posted on either side of the exit. They weren’t looking at me as they consumed their liquid dinner, which had been delivered to them while Tio and I were having our little talk.
Vidal believed I would grow weak and pliable without blood and in a cell of iron. What he didn’t know was I didn’t need blood as often as I once did, and certainly never human blood. As to the iron, it was making me mildly weaker, but would only sap my strength over time.
With me caged in iron and wrapped in the Wiele, Vidal believed I was helpless. Not quite. I hoped he would take his time before returning.
First, I had to sink into a crouching position and get my palms flat on the cold stone surface. As the netting was a pretty tight fit, it sure wasn’t as easy as I hoped. I wiggled and waggled and got my ankles free, as they hadn’t been secured by Vidal. That much done, and with palms and feet as flat as I could manage, I couldn’t stop the grin from taking over my face because I felt the magic flow into my body. Damn! Not flow, flood is a better word. I was glowing with the magic finally released into my booted feet. Now all I had to do was shift through the stone floor and into the earth below!
Nothing! 
Why? What was I doing wrong?
A royal Fae would have been able to immediately shift through the open netting. Deatachs are immortal cousins…or so we believed. Why couldn’t I shift? Not a pure blood. Was that the answer? The vampire and earthly witch were holding me in place. What I needed to do was opt out of my other parts and concentrate on the Deatach powers within me. Would a chant help the process?
I dove into the darkest corner of my mind and found another door. I opened it and a spell flew out and hit me hard in the gut. 
“Oomph.” I bent over, but damn was I ever smiling.
I silently chanted (so the guards wouldn’t hear me) the ancient Deatach words. “Cuir a-steach am facal a tha thu a' lorg.” The chant would give me the power to move through the net’s opening at my feet. I chanted a few times just for good measure, and tried once again to shift into the earth. 
Oh, hell yeah, it worked!
The Wiele didn’t come with me, so I shifted back into the cell, picked it up and stood staring at Tio, who had evidently returned from his meeting with Vidal.
I wiggled my fingers at him. “Bye…gotta go.” Thus, I shifted off and stepped right into Hazard’s main galley. Paranormals were everywhere. It was nearly midnight, and most supernaturals like to party until just before dawn.
Standing there, feeling pretty proud of myself, I looked for Grail. Of course, stupid me, he wouldn’t be out in the main galley. He would be in his secret room, looking for me…or in his office.
I stomped hurriedly toward his office, but before I opened the door, I knew he wasn’t there either. I smiled to myself, very cocky still because I had escaped on my own. Right, to the secret chamber where Grail hid his ancient artifacts.
I smirked and shifted. 
I sent the Golden Wiele into my ether for safekeeping until I could find a better hiding place for it.
“Hi…got room for one more?” Everyone spun around, everyone that is except Grail.
He was lying unconscious…my Grail, unconscious on the floor.
My heart stopped. 
I was on my knees and shaking him. Absurd, I know, but all I could do was shake him and call his name.
Sharon put a calming hand on my shoulder. “He’ll be okay…I promise.”
I am not a healer. I have no idea how to heal. “What happened?” I cried.
“He had to share his power with his orb…to find you,” Shags said, and gave me a snarky grin. “Guess that was a waste of good energy.”
“Vampire blood,” Sharon said softly. “I gave him some. It will heal him…and quickly.”
I cut open my wrist and hurriedly, before the wound could close, let my blood drip onto his tongue. “There…Tribrid blood,” I said. 
“Not too much.” Sharon pulled on my arm. “Yours is potent blood, honey.”
Grail opened his eyes and I laughed and cried to see a smile broaden his features as he said, “You didn’t…no, say you didn’t just make me drink blood.”
I saw he was teasing. “Oh, but I did, and you licked your lips,” I teased back. “You liked it, yes, you did—want some more?”
“I tell you what I will lick my lips for,” he said on a low note and pulled me on top of him there on the floor. “So, you didn’t need me to rescue you?” He arched a brow and made no move to get up, so I lay there on top of him, snuggling my head into his neck.
“Okay, you two…you have an audience.” Sharon clucked her tongue.
“It’s okay by me,” Shags said, and wiggled his bushy brows. Sharon slugged him.
I pushed off my Holy Grail, and he got to his feet with a bounce of energy. “Well, that was for nothing,” he said on a grimace. “Here I am, sacrificing my magical forces to rescue you and you rescue yourself.” He took me into his arms and kissed the top of my head. “Baby. Baby.” As he buried his face against my neck, I felt his silent tears. My hero, my Dark Lord, shedding tears for me.
That and the way he said ‘baby’, in just the tone he used, conveyed so much to me, and I held onto him with every ounce of strength I had. I so understood what he meant. It was how I felt about him. Love, true love, isn’t about roses and chocolate. It isn’t about always agreeing more than you disagree. It is about not wanting to live without the other. It is about cherishing who they are, just the way they are. It is about truth, understanding it, embracing it, and right or wrong, being there for each other.
He was my truth. I was his, and when he crushed me in his arms, I was filled with that knowledge. 
The quiet of the moment was exploded however, when Sharon, who is normally calm and collected, jumped up and down and declared, “Do you know what this means? You, Smoke, you did it! You wild woman. You escaped on your own. I want to hear details.”
I saw out of the corner of my eye, as my face was still plastered against Grail’s hard chest, that Shags shook his head as he took her into his arms and kissed the top of her head. “Give them a moment, she-vamp,” he told her.
I started to speak and Grail caught my full attention again as he whispered, “Baby, stay…here with me now, don’t move. Just let me hold you.”
I didn’t see or hear anything else as rockets started blasting in my head because Grail’s tongue was making love to mine!
His kiss was heaven and I never wanted his kiss to stop, but he did stop, and held me apart by my shoulders so he could look me over. “Did they hurt you?”
I shook my head. “They didn’t really want to. In fact, the demon king, whose name I shortened to Tio, kinda demanded no one hurt me. It was Vidal who wanted to trade me for the Hallow.”
He hugged me again, and murmured, “I would have given them the world if I could to get you back. Smoke, never do that to me again.” 
I looked up and into his dear blue eyes, such bright blue speaking eyes. “Ah…like…you know, it wasn’t my choice to get captured,” I told him, and wiggled my brows.
Chuckling, he said, “I love you, Smoke…more than life. Understand?”
I vigorously nodded my head. 
He took my hand and kissed my knuckles before he turned back to the window that displayed the stars and many of the various realms in our universe.
We spoke privately for a moment and he insisted I tell him where Vidal had taken me, and again wanted to know if he had harmed me. I told him what I knew and saw determination set in Grail’s blue eyes and a shiver swept through me. 
Shags and Sharon came over, and in that moment, I recognized we were more than a team, more even than a pack. We had become a family. I felt whole with them. They are really truly more family to me than even blood could make them. I was so happy we were together once again.
We had a battle ahead. There were dark forces bent on hurting our treasured humans. I discovered, in that moment, that I not only loved humans, but I respected them. Their lives are so short, so fraught with death forever hovering, and yet they live, they love, they manage. Remarkable. 
In this soft and tender emotion, I looked around within the chamber and was swamped with emotion. This was the life I had somehow taken on.
It was with Grail that I first found out who and what I really am—besides what Sharon had made me—a vampire. It was with Grail in this chamber where I found out what happened to my dad. 
That made me look up immediately at Grail and tell him, “Before I give the Hallow back to the queen, I want to use it to go to Deatach and save my father.”
“We can’t do that without the queen’s permission,” Grail said gravely, and his face was solemn. “It is not ours to use.”
“So, okay then, let’s take the Hallow to her now and get her permission. She will owe us one for finding it, won’t she?” I turned to Sharon and Shags. “Wanna go visit the Queen of the Fae on the Isle of Tir?”
Sharon looked shocked. “Oh, they wouldn’t want me there. I am a vampire.”
“Nonsense. You and Shags fought off Vidal’s little army to save the Hallow for them. Completely unselfish act. That is what counts. You two are coming with us,” I decided.
Grail laughed out loud and hugged me to him. He glanced at Sharon and grinned before telling her, “Better just give in. It’s easier.”
While we were inside the chamber, the witches had closed the doors of Hazard and left for the evening. There were cameras everywhere inside Hazard’s rocking walls. One of the witches had stopped and winked into the camera.
“Well, all closed up. Daylight should be breaking soon,” Grail said.
“Yes, but before I do anything else, I need to get washed up and…” 
A loud bang outside Hazard’s front door caught the attention of us all. 
“Oh no,” I said. 
“It is the demon king,” Grail said, turning to another camera. “Look there, at the front doors.”
“Vidal is with him, and, Grail, we are outnumbered,” I said. “They aren’t alone!” 
“Tio—the demon king,” I said absently.
“Tio?” Sharon quirked a brow at me. “You call the demon king, Tio?”
I nodded, “There is more to his story,” I said. “If we can figure out why he is with Vidal, we can…”
More banging at the front doors!
“Grail, I know something about him that gives us an advantage. First, he is a Tiománaí demon…the king of all Demon Realms. Plus, I think he can’t breathe here in the human atmosphere very long, which means, his demons outside can’t either. We need to hold them off—burn off their time here.” I studied Grail’s somber face. “Will the wards hold against them?”
“I believe so, although my wards have never been challenged by Tiománaí demons. Their Dark magic…at least that of the royals, is reputed to be formidable,” Grail said, and pulled a face.
It was at that moment the doors of Hazard came crashing in for the first time!

~ Four ~


WE WERE ALL AT THE front doors, which were lying flat on the marbled floor. Grail took a stance, his arms folded across chest. 
Shags shifted into wolf, and holy good gosh, every single time Shags does that, I am amazed at how damn large he is as a wolf. He shook out his thick, gold streaked, dark fur, which was raised at the top of his back, then took a step to stand beside Grail.
When Sharon stood stock still, he turned and glared until she moved to his side and patted him on the head. I almost giggled, but controlled myself. This was serious. We were about to be attacked.
No one moved. They stood still, and we stood ready for whatever came next.
The atmosphere was filled with tension, then I heard the whizzing sound of a portal opening inside of Hazard and at our backs.
I turned and found Trusom, looking almost ordinary in his white tee and blue jeans, stepping out of the portal, grinning at us. He greeted us with a nod and said, “I was on my way here and noticed you had company. Thought I would drop in and join the party.”
Grail’s blue eyes were bright with amusement and appreciation. No words were needed. Somehow, we had become a team, bonded, and ready to take on Vidal and his crew. We were now five against a slew of vamps and demons—that seemed fair.
The vampires outside stared at Trusom and receded a few steps. No doubt word had spread quickly amongst the local vamps about the potent warlock’s ability to freeze them immobile. Vamps don’t mingle with warlocks, and try not to get into it with werewolves or wolf shifters, as the bite of either can be lethal to a vamp.
The vamps cast their eyes back n’ forth from Shags to Trusom, and I saw more than one look actually terrified. Their consternation and confusion was a viable thing in the air between us. Besides that, Sharon was well known amongst the vampires. She is a Born-Vamp who is highly respected and feared. They could see she had chosen her side.
Trusom came to stand on Grail’s left side and Grail put a hand on his shoulder. “Good man.” He turned back to Hazard’s huge double oak doors lying on the marbled floor and smirked as we all tensed and waited for the enemy to make their next move. Shags had wiggled his wolfy nose, and music, hard and loud, cranked up in the background. 
Sharon looked at her wolf. “You are a clown.”
Vidal spoke, and I thought I saw blood foam at his thin lips, “So the great and wonderful Dark Lord thinks he can keep what is rightfully mine. What will your followers think when they see that I and a demon king have destroyed Hazard?”
“Is that what you think you can do?” Grail made a show of looking around. “Not what I see, and my followers…well, this…” Grail moved a finger between Vidal and him, “will be over and very shortly, and my legend will only grow. So come on then if you can…” He smirked and inclined his head.
I knew Grail had warded Hazard against Vidal and uninvited vamps, but would his ward hold against the demons?
I inched closer to Grail. Through gritted teeth, I groaned, “What are you doing?” I mean, the vamps appeared scared, and had taken a step back, but the slew of demons at Tio’s back looked like they were itching for a fight. Between the two factions, we were definitely outnumbered. 
Tio pointed at me then and said, “Come to me, Princess. If you come with me, I will not allow your friends to be…er…damaged.” 
“Not happening,” Grail growled. “The princess is mine, but you are welcome to throw your worst at us, and Vidal won’t be leaving here alive.”
Both Vidal and Tio stood rigid. Neither one stepped over the threshold. Well, well, Grail’s spell was holding. 
“It will take more than you to finish me,” Vidal spat. “So don’t test yourself against me.”
“Taking down a door does not give you entrée,” Grail said, wearing a look of superiority. “My wards work in careful coordination with my personal magic. My ward can detect any fear, weakness, or sensitivity, and make each would be intruder feel…unwelcome. No one has ever been able to get past my wards.” Grail casually lifted a finger at Tio. “For instance…my mate says your name is Tio, so for convenience sake, I will call you Tio as well. You, Tio, would feel and suffer a sudden lack of air as wave after wave of water covered and diminished your strength. Double trouble for you, Tio. My wards react to individual supernaturals.” Grail shrugged. “You would feel the torture of suffocating on human air…but go ahead…try and step over my threshold.”
Tio frowned, although he always looks like he is frowning.
Grail shifted his glance to Vidal. “Now you, ancient vampire, you Vidal, would suffer the agony of fire until you crumbled into ash. At your back, your little pack of warriors would watch as you writhed and screamed in pure agony, trapped in flames you couldn’t escape. But…do test my wards. And know this, once the ward begins its job, it won’t let go without my command to do so. There are reasons I am called the Dark Lord.”
I just swooned with pride. 
However, Tio decided to brave the ward. I was standing too close and he reached in his arm and grabbed me, and even though he shouted in breathless agony as the ward did its job, he managed to pull me out of Hazard. 
Smart bugger!
Now, what I had to do was…
However, all hell broke loose before I could do a thing. 
Trusom was on the job. He froze a dozen vampires in place while still a dozen or so took off in various directions, screaming in pure terror. Shags made short work of the frozen vamps, with his alarmingly sharp canines. He bit off their heads, one by one. Gory, eeewee.
I stood still, in Tio’s hold, as the beheaded vamps turned into ash. 
Looking up at Tio, I shrugged. “You might want to release me now?” 
Grail plowed his way through some demons who stood between us. He cleared a path with ease and headed towards the king of demons, with the promise of death written on his face. 
However, by then, I got my wits about me, and with a flick of my wrist, I got free from Tio’s hold and sent him flying thirty feet up—then with another flick brought him down hard. His landing cracked the sidewalk. 
People…innocent bystanders, no doubt on their way to work, walked by across the street, and as they looked our way, I used my talented finger to throw shade so all they saw was a bit of a scuffle between a bunch of rowdy men.
Tio was up on his huge sandaled feet and with a fierce roar charged toward me. As I was concentrating on Tio’s attack, I didn’t sense Vidal come at me from behind.
All at once, Vidal had my shoulders, but Grail was on him and pummeling him to the ground. I watched my Holy Grail straddle Vidal with deadly intentions.
“Tiománaí, help me!” Vidal screamed like a wuss as Grail pounded him bloody. 
Grail growled and shouted, “This…” He punched Vidal’s nose ’til it was broken. “For taking my woman.” He choked Vidal by the throat ’til I thought he would take off the ancient’s head. “For caging her…” 
I stood frozen with indecision. Vidal was pure evil and did have to be dealt with, but was killing him the only way?
Tio grabbed my wrist and directed a strange look at me. As though he knew I was about to call a halt to Grail’s onslaught.
I looked meaningfully at his hold on my wrist and said, “I wouldn’t, if I were you.” 
Tio looked toward Vidal slamming his fists into the concrete as Grail choked the air out of his lungs. He looked at me, eased his hold on my wrist and said, “Vidal is untrustworthy. He deserves to die a dishonorable death. Your mate is in the right of it.” He paused as my mouth fell open and then continued. “I mean you no harm. In fact, I have nothing to offer you in return but my vow to always come if ever you need my help, because, Princess, I need your help.” He dropped his hand and stepped back and out of my space.
I was more than astonished, but at that moment, my attention was caught by Grail, who appeared to be in the process of tearing Vidal’s head off the ancient vampire’s shoulders. 
“Grail…no…” I called. My instinct is always ‘mercy’. It is the human I had been raised to be. I’m not human, but those feelings are still a part of who I am. I wasn’t sure how to deal with Vidal, but killing is not my thing.
“No choice, my love, and this is better than a slow death. Can’t leave him alive to come back at us or the Hallow,” Grail answered grimly. “I know what you had in mind, and in the end, that would have been cruel, which you aren’t. Also, I have other worlds and my reputation to consider.” Grail told me grimly, “I am, after all, the Dark Lord.” So saying, and while Vidal screamed in terror, Grail did indeed separate Vidal’s head from his body.
We watched as the evil vamp turned to ash. I wondered at myself because Grail was right, I would have sent him to an empty realm and he would have died a slow death without food, without blood enough to survive. Oddly enough, I felt no pity, which worried me. I don’t want to be pitiless, but then, Vidal didn’t deserve any. Vidal had never shown any mercy for his victims, and Grail had seized the only viable solution.
I turned back to Tio and sighed before I remarked, “You were saying something about me ‘helping’ you. How?”
He gave his demons a signal and ordered, “Return.”
We watched them file into the portal at their backs.
He then gave me an appraising look just before Grail jumped in between us.  
Tio spread his hands in supplication, again surprising me, before the demon king said, “I was lending Vidal my aid because he promised to get the Hallow, which he said with your help would be all I needed to free my mate, Solia.”
“Free your mate?” This was unexpected. “What happened to her? Where is she?” I shot back at him.
“You are Princess of the Light. You are Deatach. Your father and uncle are being held prisoner by a Dark Wizard in your kingdom. Your father believes his own brother is behind it all, but he isn’t. He, too, is being held a prisoner in their kingdom, all because of an illusion.”
“Illusion?” Grail said. “Explain.”
Tio ignored Grail’s command and still looked at me. “What you need to know is that your father and uncle are enthralled with a potent illusion. Each thinks the other has killed their father, imprisoned their mother, and taken the throne. Each believes the other has enslaved Deatach citizens. That is all a lie. It was the last message my mate was able to send me before our link was broken. I have tried many times to create a portal to Deatach and save her, but the wizard has done something…to prevent any portal from opening from outside the realm.”
“But…why would anyone do that? It makes no sense. What is behind it?”
“All I know is that Deatachs would not be in favor of taking the life of a royal. The usurper keeps them alive for now…because he must.”
“Who has the power to control such an illusion over so many?” I felt my heart pounding out of my chest. My father—enslaved? My father was enslaved by an illusion?
“My mate. Solia is a royal with that perfected power. Only the royal females of my race can wield illusion of such magnitude.”
“How long has this been going on?” Grail asked, and his face was drawn in concern. I nodded my agreement with the question because I was momentarily bereft of speech.
“Time moves differently in Deatach…as it does in the Fae world. The similarities are, in fact, quite extraordinary. What would be years here in your realm are only months in Deatach. My realm’s timeline is in sync with Deatach and the Fae Realms. Only the Human Realm stands out differently in comparison. I would guess your answer is, since the day your father was taken from you and imprisoned, he and his people have been enthralled. My mate was taken from me…only days before that. Something has interfered with my magic. The wizard has forced my mate to create a ward that prevents my potent portals from opening in their realm.” Tio’s huge hands fisted at his sides.
“What do we do? We have to do something, Grail,” I cried as I turned to him. “My father…?”
Trusom stepped forward, his white hair blowing in the breeze. His black leather cloak flying backward over his tall, lean body. He frowned and said, “I must return to my mate. She still has not recovered all her powers and…at times, is depressed about it. But if you need me, Grail,” he turned to me, “Princess, you have but to call.”
Grail inclined his head. “Thank you, Tru.” He put his hand on Trusom’s shoulder. “Go to your mate. I hope she recovers all her powers quickly under your care.”
Trusom inclined his head and was gone in a blue cloud.
“Do you agree, we must find a way into Deatach?” Tio asked somberly and in that hoarse voice of his.
“Yes,” Grail and I said in one breath.
“What is the next step?” Tio asked.
“We get the Hallow and go to the queen,” Grail answered thoughtfully. “But first…I have to attend to the street.” We all looked at both Vidal’s ashes and blood strewn everywhere. The ashes of the frozen vampires had already blown away in the wind.
“Why? It is in your possession,” Tio objected. “We could use its power. We must keep it.”
“We gave her a promise, my word, we would return it to her. Grail is right. We need her permission to use its power to help us in this mission…perhaps even to get into Deatach,” I said.
Grail touched me. “My love—my sweet, good, dear-heart.”
I felt like purring. I didn’t, but I felt like it.
“If you all are going to Faery, you are seriously NOT leaving me behind,” Sharon and Shags said in unison, and we laughed…at least, Grail and I laughed. Tio grunted.
“Before we go,” I said, “Sharon, you and I might need…a private moment.” We would both have to feed before a trip where we would have to do without blood for an extended time.
She nodded, and I shifted us into Grail’s office, where he kept a supply of pig blood. Sharon and I don’t drink human blood.
Some moments later, we met everyone within the galley of Hazard.
“Ready?” I asked as Grail turned to Shags.
“Are we?” he said quietly. 
Shags had vanished earlier for a short time. He now nodded. “The witches agreed to run Hazard again for us while we’re gone, but they said it will cost you.”
Grail shook his head. “I had no doubt of that.”
We all knew the three witch sisters were about to break all of Grail’s rules while we were absent from Hazard, but we didn’t have a choice, and closing Hazard wasn’t an option.
It was time, so I used the link in my mind the Queen of the Fae had honored me with. It was hidden deep in the recesses, but all I had to do was…
Yes, Princess Smoke, Aaibhe’s soft voice in my head replied to my call.
We have your Hallow. May we bring it now?
We?
My team…I couldn’t have accomplished this without them.
Ah, of course. Indeed, you have but to lock onto the path I have just opened in your mind. We shall be pleased to meet you, and, child, well done!
I felt a glow of satisfaction at her words and turned to Grail and smiled as I said, “Ready, so ready.”
Grail took my hand. I held Sharon’s, who held Shags’, who complained bitterly but held Tio’s, and I shifted us right onto the Isle of Tir and into Queen Aaibhe’s splendid court.

~ Five ~

 
I KNOW MY MOUTH OPENED. I know I stared. Who wouldn’t? 
The palace court main chamber was opulent. Crystal chandeliers hung elegantly from high, beautifully painted ceilings. Luxuriously upholstered furniture was everywhere for the occupants’ comfort. Flowers exquisitely arranged in every corner, on every opulent table. And the aroma? It filled my senses. I tried to identify the mixture of herbs and flowers, as Sharon “ooohed” beside me. 
“Vanilla, pine, rosemary, and…oh…so many…” The delicious scents mingled and co-mingled with each other as they filled the senses. 
Shags pulled a face and whispered, “It stinks in here.”
Sharon laughed. “Better than dog aroma.”
“Hey,” he said, and put an arm around her. “You love the way I smell…you know you do.” 
She rolled her eyes.
Colors met our eyes in flamboyant array—so much more vibrant than any color in our Human Realm. Hot damn, but somehow…absurdly so, being in the Faery court felt comfortable…familiar. Absurd, but that feeling filled me.
Then I turned my attention to the Fae roaming about the room and glancing suspiciously at us.
To say that the Fae are beautiful would not do them justice. There was something about them that was alluring, sexual, entrancing, and I was momentarily taken aback by it all.
Our presence was causing a great deal of noise as they looked us over and interacted with one another about our appearance and the fact that we were paranormals. I felt tension as they watched us with open wariness. 
However, they were diverted suddenly when they discovered I was holding their very precious Hallow. I heard the gasps go around the room and I hugged the Hallow protectively to myself.  
I couldn’t help but stare at the fashions all around me. The Fae women were clothed in the most beautiful materials I had ever seen, though flimsy and clingy, they carried it with style.
The Fae men, some of whom had their one fist resting on daggers sheathed in their belts, wore loose fitting shirts and tight fitting pants. Very masculine, very sexy. 
We took a step forward and I almost giggled, as I couldn’t help but note we took the step in sync, like a dance movement. 
The floor was veined white marble, and so shiny I could make out our forms spread out before us. Where was the queen? I didn’t see her anywhere in the room.
Just as I was beginning to worry, Aaibhe shifted into the middle of the court. Her subjects all stepped back and respectfully inclined their heads. 
She didn’t arrive alone. At her side were two incredible looking males. I mean, holy good gracious but they were super hunks who exuded sex appeal!
I squeezed Grail’s hand, then noticed that Shags suddenly realized he was still holding Tio’s hand and shook it off like it was a ‘hot iron’. A nervous chuckle escaped me.
The queen came forward and embraced us with her smile. Again, I found her more than enchanting…and immediately was set at ease.
With a sweeping move of her raised arm, she indicated we should take our seats at the glass round table, which was in the center of the large galley. 
We each took up a chair in our hands, but waited for the queen to be seated first before we followed suit.  
Again, that warm smile as she took her place, and the two males who had accompanied her took up position on either side of her. 
While she regarded us in silence, I had a moment to make my own observations. 
Yes, the Fae queen was graceful, totally stunning with her hair of platinum gold hanging down her back. A studded tiara of diamonds was perfectly set atop her head. However, I wasn’t fooled by her soft loveliness, not one bit. Beneath her beauty lay a strong, and when necessary, hard woman who would always do what she must for her Seelie Fae.
She gazed at the Hallow, which I still held close to my middle, and brought her glittering eyes to mine. “If you will, child…set the precious on the table.”
I did what she asked, noting her eyes were iridescent because she had not bothered to don Human Glamour for our visit.
She gazed at each one of us in turn, but said nothing for a long moment.
That gave me even more opportunity to have a look at the two males who stood on either side of her. Whoa.  
I immediately glanced at Sharon and we exchanged a ‘hot damn’ and meaningful look with one another. 
No one is hunkier than my Holy Grail, who is big and sexy as hell. I love and adore Grail, and no one else could ever come near the attraction I have for him, but let me say, I have never seen anything like the males standing at the queen’s sides. It was at that moment that a female Fae, clothed in a soft green and alluring gown, shifted in and came to stand beside the male on the queen’s left. He took the newcomer’s chin between his thumb and forefinger and they smiled at one another.
I was fascinated.   
On the queen’s right side was a large and eye popping male as well. These otherworldly males certainly had it going on! 
“First, allow me to welcome you to the Isle of Tir. From here on out, you will always find a welcome waiting for you in my court,” the queen finally spoke.
I swallowed as I inclined my head and took another peek at the hottie on her left.
The queen seemed amused by my interest in him and turned to smile warmly at the hottie on her right and said, “My mate, Morgan LeBlanc, leader of the Milesians of Dravo.” 
He inclined his handsome head and his sparkling eyes twinkled a greeting, but he said nothing as he surveyed or rather, appraised us.
Morgan LeBlanc was a big warrior type, dressed in a leather vest, pants, and high boots. I shifted my gaze from him, back to the queen. 
The queen glanced from Sharon to me, then introduced the male on her left. 
Let me say it again, my guy is beyond sexy, but I have never encountered a royal Fae male, and there was something about him that resonated above all other male Fae in the room. He oozed sex—the kind that went straight for a woman’s libido. And his smile. Holy good gosh, his smile was the kind a woman could get lost in.
He was tall, so tall, and he wore a gold torque around his neck, which I knew depicted his position as a royal. His hair was dark blond, tied at the nape of his neck with a leather string, and his eyes glittered silver. His massive chest was naked. Naked. Runes and Celtic knots were tattooed around one huge bicep where he sported a gold armlet. At his wrists were leather bands dotted with gold. He was armed with what I knew from my studies was a very special sword at his back, the Fae ‘Death Sword’. It is one of the few weapons that can kill a Fae. His strong, long legs were covered in tight leather pants and he wore dark sandals. My inspection found his handsome face again, and I couldn’t help but return the warm smile he had favored me with. 
The queen raised a brow at me, allowed me a moment and said, “And this is my warrior prince, of the House of Dagda, Prince Breslyn.”
“Oh…ah…yes…uhm,” I said like an idiot and felt Grail pull me closer.
“Enchanted,” Prince Breslyn murmured, and inclined his too oh so good-looking head. 
The woman with the long auburn hair at Prince Breslyn’s side moved into him and rested herself against his hip. Damn sexy move. She was a lithe beauty. She took Breslyn’s chin and turned it toward her to whisper, “Enchanted, eh?”
He grinned, then looked deep into her eyes, and I, hot damn, I couldn’t look away from them as he told her, “Though I may notice other rivers, there is but one from which I will ever drink…only one.”
She pinched his cheek and he grabbed her hand to kiss it and the queen seemed to swallow a chuckle as she indicated, “And my cousin, Princess Ete…Prince Breslyn’s mate.”
I found myself and my voice and said ‘hi’ like a simpleton before I hurriedly turned to Grail to start my own introductions. 
However, at this point, my Dark Lord took my hand to his lips and inclined his head and saved me by taking over. “We are honored, Queen Aaibhe, to meet you yet again and find ourselves welcomed in your court.”
“Indeed, Grail Wilder, we are most pleased with you and yours,” the queen said quietly.
Grail introduced Shags and Sharon and put a hand out toward our new demon friend, but the queen stalled him at this juncture.
“King Tiománaí,” she said, and inclined her head ever so slightly. She allowed Grail a soft smile and then continued. “The king and I are already acquainted. However, I don’t understand how or why he happened to be part of your effort to retrieve our precious Hallow.”
Tio lowered his eyes and head. “Forgive me. I am here for selfish reasons. It was my intention to abduct Princess Smoke and hold on to the Hallow…”
“Was it? Why?” the queen interrupted him calmly.
“My mate is being held on Deatach…against her will. Somehow, this Dark Wizard, who calls himself Wrensly Biggert, got hold of the Cuffs of Wrath. He is using the cuffs to hold her prisoner.”
“The Cuffs of Wrath belong to the Dark King. He hid them many centuries ago. How did this wizard obtain them?” the queen asked, one brow up. 
“The Dark Wizard is a traveler and a collector. The cuffs, as you know, like so many of the Dark King’s artifacts were sent willy-nilly all over the universe.” Tio’s voice was low and angry as his hands flew about, gesturing with his frustration. “My queen, this is all my fault. Wrensly came to our realm…to my court. I had no idea what his real purpose was. Solia tried to tell me something was off about him, but…” Tio hung his head. “I didn’t listen. I found him…amusing, and it is our custom to give travelers a place to rest. He requested only a place to rest. He entertained us with tales from his realm, the Land of Wizards.” Tio shrugged. “I should have listened to my Solia, but I didn’t, and we gave him refuge.” He stopped and looked away.
“Dear Tiománaí, what then?” the queen encouraged him to go on.
“He repaid us by securing my queen, Solia, with the Cuffs of Wrath, and abducted her right before my eyes. He held the Death Dagger to her throat…it all happened so quickly…so unexpectedly, and he left through a portal.” He shook his head. “We immediately tried to locate his destination, but it was too late. He had taken her to Deatach, where he was already established. She had a few moments to mind-link with me before he silenced her. She was able to tell me where she was a prisoner, and what he required of her. She complied because he threatened to kill both the princes of Deatach and their mother, the queen, if she did not carry out his demands. He told her he had nothing to lose if she didn’t do what he wanted. Then, all at once, our link was ended. I tried over and over to open a portal to Deatach, but he managed to ward it from outsiders.”
“Again, my question is why? What can be his ultimate goal?” the queen said more to herself than to Tio.
Tio turned to me. “I am sorry, Princess, I didn’t have time to tell you the whole, though I already gave you a quick synopsis. All my actions are driven by the need to free my Solia and bring her home.” He turned back to the queen. “I have studied the matter and I have concluded this wizard wants and needs to control Deatach. Why? I cannot guess.” He sighed, which sounded like a long groan and added, “The females of my race have the ability to create illusions. However, most of them can’t sustain these illusions for very long, and they can’t create illusions for more than their immediate company. However, Solia, my queen, has a power unique to herself. She can create an illusion that can encompass an entire realm…and she can sustain it for very long periods, but at a great health risk to herself. I must get to Deatach and rescue her before he does permanent damage to my beloved. I—we need the Hallow to give us the power to enter that realm and defeat the wizard.”
I had listened to poor Tio’s story and felt what he felt. After all, my own father and uncle were trapped in an illusion. A Dark Wizard was behind it all. We had a great deal of magic between the five of us, but would it be enough to defeat the wizard and rescue our loved ones? I only knew one thing, at the very least, we could use the Hallow for insurance.
I hadn’t wanted to be so blunt, but directness is what I do. And now, I had no choice. “My queen,” I said during the quiet moment that followed Tio’s narrative. I respectfully inclined my head. “I ask a boon.”
“Do you?” the queen said, one brow up.
“Yes, and only because I must. As you have just heard, my father and uncle are being held against their will, along with King Tio’s mate. This wizard…Wrensly Biggert, apparently has the citizens of Deatach believing my father and uncle are traitors. Matters are desperate, as by now Queen Solia’s health is in question. Will you allow us to keep the Hallow so it may guide us into Deatach and give us the power we need to find Tio’s queen and defeat the wizard?”
“There are many things you could ask for…but keeping the Hallow is not one of them.” She shook her head. “I cannot, in good conscience, grant you such a boon. First of all, the Hallow is not mine to loan, and as a matter of law, we Fae don’t interfere with the intricacies of life in other realms.” Aaibhe paused a long moment. “What you ask would involve us in just such an interference. However, I am conflicted, as it is indeed our custom to grant any boon, as you call it, when we have been faithfully served, but what you ask is impossible. Again, this is not my Hallow to loan you. It belongs to the Dark King’s consort, Crystal. I must keep it here safely for her to retrieve.”
“But…” I started to object.
“Queen Aaibhe,” the Hallow spoke in its musical voice, startling all of us. “When my Dark King created me, I was originally meant to do many things. One of those things was quite horrific, as it gave me the power of life and death over all supernaturals and humans alike. There were many…awful things I could do to these beings. However, my dear lady Crystal called me her lily, and gave me a new purpose. Over time, I evolved and we, my Lady Crystal and I, became…friends. My place is with her, and now that I am in the Fae Realm, she will sense it and soon come for me. The Dark King also charged me with forever keeping his consort safe from harm. Because of that, I still have many…abilities that would allow me to do whatever it takes to do just that. I would be with her still had the Dark King, who had been distraught thinking her lost and angry with me for allowing her to be abducted…”
“How, indeed, did you allow that?” Queen Aaibhe asked.
“Ah, Crystal had been tricked into leaving me behind on that fateful day. I warned her that I must not be left, but at any rate, in his fury, the Dark King threw me into the Human Realm. As it happened, after only a short while, and quite by accident, a human found me, and thinking me junk…threw me into the cold, wet river in New Orleans. When the Dark King was reunited with the Lady Crystal, I am certain my lady looked for me…and looks for me still. I will send her our song. Soon, she will hear me now that I am here in Faery. We share this song…and she will know. I am telling you this, Princess Smoke, because you rescued me and brought me closer to home by bringing me to the Isle of Tir. I owe you much, but I cannot go with you. However, I know my lady would want me to help you and your friends, and there is a way that I may.”
“What way would that be?” the queen inquired gently.
All at once, a gold flower floated toward me and pressed itself into my hand. Gold—it was made of gold and no larger than a short-stemmed violet.
The Hallow sighed and explained, “A small bit of one of my powers will be with you. She is small, yes, but capable. Keep her out of sight in the ether, and near you always. She will take you wherever you wish to go. There is no power that can stop her from assisting your travels. There is no one who can part her from you. In time, she will evolve and become far more potent than she is today. But remember, right now, she is but a babe. Remember that and use her wisely. For the time being, she will have many limits, and therefore you will have to also rely on your own ingenuity to rescue your beloveds in Deatach.”
No one spoke as we looked at one another.

~ Six ~


“TIO”, I SAID AS WE got ready to leave. “Will you be okay? How about the air…are you managing? How have you lasted this long?”
The sizzling demon looked perplexed as he said, “My breathing…seems fine.”
We all turned to the queen.  
She smiled and shrugged a shoulder. “As it happens, the king, as are all of our welcomed visitors, is being physically accommodated. At my will, a small device was installed in his very large lungs. It will adjust to whatever atmosphere he encounters.”
“Wow,” I said, and she turned to Prince Breslyn.
“What is wow?” the queen asked him.
He chuckled. “Astonishment.”
“So Tio will be able to breathe…in Deatach…?” I had to make sure.
“Indeed, Princess.” She frowned and cocked her head as she regarded me. “Do you not know your history, and your personal attachment to the Seelie Fae?”
“Well, I know that we are sorta cousins to the Fae,” I answered.
“Cousins?” She chuckled, then added in a mysterious fashion, “Well…it is not for me to tell you just what you are, but know that you are a bit more than cousin to the Fae. Never mind that for now, you will learn a great deal about yourself, your family, and Deatach when you attend your new mission. When you are hopefully reunited with your father, make certain he informs you of your complete heritage and how Deatach became part of…shall we say, the Fae connection?”
“Will do, okie doke,” I said, and then remembered I was talking to a queen. “Thank you.” I gave her a curtsy.
She smiled and said, “May your mission be successful and all of you return home well and satisfied.”
Grail took my arm, and once again, we all locked hands, though Shags complained bitterly when Tio took hold of his. 
“Stop complaining, Shaggy love,” Sharon said on a giggle. “Or do you want me to hold Tio’s big strong hand?”
His dear face scrunched up. “Don’t even think it.”
Tio laughed. At least, I think it was a laugh.
* * * * *
We shifted roughly into what appeared to be the middle of a jungle. No frigging way did I expect that! Green foliage, tropical plants, wild blooms, and exotic trees were everywhere. 
We scarcely had a moment on solid ground before I sensed something staring at me and twisted around. A hiss, and oh no, not a soft hiss, but a full blown threat of a hiss.
A gold and green snake of enormous proportion was uncurling on the branch above my head. It drew back and let out yet another threatening hiss. A large blue mark in the shape of a star ornamented its large head. I stared for a moment before I released the scream that was caught in my throat. The jungle reverberated with the sound and Sharon put her hands over her ears.
Sure, I am a powerful vampire, witch, and immortal, but I still screamed bloody murder. That song, I don’t like spiders and snakes, came to mind.
Grail threw me behind him and everyone went into attack position.
“No need to get yourselves in an uproar,” the snake said in a sweetly purring but male voice. “After all, I was here first, and you all startled me.”
My mouth dropped, and I was pretty sure we were, as a group, pretty flabbergasted.  
The snake sighed. “What?”
A mouse of some size scurried up the tree. I watched in horror as Mr. Talking Snake snatched it up and swallowed.
“Yummy,” the snake said. “Oh now, don’t look so shocked. We all have to eat, don’t we?”
“Er…ah…” I said in response to this.
“Are we, is this jungle in the Deatach Realm?” Grail, apparently not at all unnerved by the talking snake, had the smarts to ask.
“Ah, travelers. I wondered what you were…you each are different from the other. Odd,” the snake said. “And yes, this is the Orzo Jungle of Deatach.”
“I don’t like snakes,” Tio suddenly grunted, and we all turned to look at him. “Talking snakes bad.”
I blinked and turned back to the talking snake. “Can all the creatures in this jungle talk?” I know I should be asking questions more pertinent to our mission, but this was the first one that came to mind. 
“Not all, when she who was all things ruled, she gave her favorites a voice,” the snake said. “I was and will ever be her favorite amongst them all. But I am guessing our jungle is not where you want to be.”
“Right,” I said. “Where do you think we want to be?”
“I don’t know. Don’t you?” the snake answered in some surprise.
“Where is the palace?” Sharon stuck in, with a grimace at me. 
“Ah, I can tell you, but that isn’t somewhere you would be welcomed. No, you don’t want to go there,” Snakey said. “Palace bad these days.”
“Why?” Shags also found his voice.
“Evil has descended.”
The snake said this in a tone that made me shudder.
“Don’t go to the palace,” Snakey said again. “It is whispered throughout the realm. He has come, as she who ruled feared one day he would.”
“Who is she?” Grail asked.
“All things to us here in the jungle, but we know not where she now is,” the snake said, and sighed before it started to slither away. 
“Wait,” I called after it. “Tell us, if you will, what that means. Who rules all things in the jungle?” I don’t know why, but I had a feeling it would matter in the end.
“Ah,” the snake said, and came closer to me and appeared to take my measure. 
It took some willpower not to jump back and away. Inside myself, I was screaming, snake! 
I managed to control the twisting fear in my gut and waited. For a long moment, the snake seemed to get lost in my eyes before it finally said, “Odd, you have her look…but you are degraded. Very degraded.”
“Her, who?” I asked.
“She who ruled Deatach. She is supreme. From the moment she came…supreme.”
“Who is this supreme being?” Grail asked softly.
Snakey looked at him. “Don’t you know?” It looked at me. “You should know. You are Deatach…or at least…much of you is. She came after she and her brother, the Dark King of all the Fae, destroyed their world of Danu.”
Okay, all right, that stunned me. The Dark King had a sister.
“Uh….” I said.
“You must go north now, right now,” the snake said, and he suddenly sounded frightened. “Hurry…leave…I can sense it comes now, and is looking for dinner. Later…travelers, I must hurry away.”
“Wait,” I called. “Who is looking for dinner?”
“One of the worst of the trolls of Orzo, Black Heart,” the snake said, and slithered farther up the tree.
“Black Heart—a troll?” I murmured as I watched Snakey vanish in the thick of leaves and fronds. 
“Run…he is close…don’t you feel the ground rumble?” the snake called down. “Even here in the tree I feel the beast’s might. He is always vicious when he is hungry, and he will be here soon. His sense of smell is very good—you and your friends have quite an odor, and he most certainly will eat you if you don’t escape.” 
We stood motionless for a moment and eyed one another. It was Sharon who spoke first. “Damn, snakes are one thing, but trolls? No way we should stick around and take on a troll. Let’s move.”
With which, the troll made his appearance.
* * * * *
Trolls must have been created in nightmares. Never saw one, never wanted to see one, and now, hope I never see one again.
Not only was this thing a warped and overgrown oaf of a beast, he drooled. I mean, he drooled everywhere. I so hate drool.
He was a seven footer thing, totally naked, which, again, never wanted to see. We stood completely still and silent as Black Heart stopped short and sniffed the air. All at once, he looked right at us.
His head of hair nearly hid his one central eye. So not only a troll, but also a cyclops. I have read about them in my ancient manuscripts, which had drawings of them, but those images didn’t do this thing justice.
“Hmmm,” Mr. Black Heart remarked. “Food.”
It was obvious he was hungry and thought we were going to be his next meal.
He bent over his large gray middle as he held up his spiked club, and we jumped for cover as he brought the damn thing down right where we had been standing. 
“Hands,” I screamed. “Gimme your hands!”
Everyone jumped on my suggestion, and just in time as he swung his club around his ugly head and brought it down once more…the earth moved.
Fortunately, I shifted us quite a distance out of the Orzo Jungle. However, I have a problem. Shifting, even carefully around unknown territory, is not something I have learned the knack of doing yet. I need a little more time to adapt to the skill—and a little training wouldn’t hurt.
Thus, because I lacked the skill, or any knowledge of the countryside, we landed in a very large, deep, and cold lake. 
We went hard into what seemed a bottomless body of water. When we all came up spluttering, we saw poor Tio screaming in agony. Water and Tio don’t mix. He nearly walked on water on his way to shore. The rest of us were right behind him. We swam, fast and sure. 
Breathless, we took a moment while Tio regarded me suspiciously and said, “You did that on purpose.”
“No, Tio, I didn’t and wouldn’t. Why would I? You are a part of our team,” I answered. I put a hand to his chest, as he had blistered from the water, and was surprised that a moment later the blisters vanished.
“Wow,” I remarked. “You heal quickly.”
“No…not from water, I don’t, Princess. It was you who healed me,” he said quietly.
“Nah, I don’t know how to heal,” I said, and blew it off.
Grail eyed me. “You don’t yet know all that you can do.”
“I did not find that shift pleasant,” Tio continued to complain. 
“Not for any of us,” Sharon agreed. “Next time…try some dry land, girl.”
“All right then, everyone get over it,” Grail said. “We don’t have time for this. We need to put a plan together.”
“A plan?” I asked as he helped me to my feet and brushed strands of my wet hair out of my face.
“Yes, but first, have a look. We aren’t alone.” He looked to the left, and there, a platoon of odd looking cavemen types wearing animal furs were riding creatures that looked like a cross between a small dinosaur and an elephant. They saw us and came to a full stop. One of the cavemen put his club up into the air and released a war cry.
Then the horde of cavemen charged right at us.  
There was only one thing to do. 
Hurriedly, I put out my hand for Sharon’s as Grail already had my body up against his. “Again, hands,” I directed them, but this time I had an idea and went with it. I thought about a thriving town, a busy town. I didn’t think about style of buildings or clothing, but let that haze over as I thought about some unknown street in that thriving town.
Once again, I was shifting all of us, perhaps not quite so blindly this time…

~ Seven ~


I ASSUMED, AND THANKFULLY SO, that Deatach citizens, being cousins of the Fae, had no need for vehicles. We stood in the middle of a cleanly paved road, lined on either side with charming stores, restaurants, and cafes. Assuming…is never a good thing. 
Flower boxes adorned lead-paned windows. Thatched roofs covered many of the one story buildings, and a large square in the middle of the road sported a statue of a woman in a toga and crown. Snakey had brought us up to speed, so I had no doubt the statue was that of the Dark King’s sister. I wondered what her name was.
Citizens walked casually by, all in groups, and appeared social. The clothing they wore was of various eras, medieval, and Victorian. It was then that I realized…these people were living in the late 19th century…
And then, I saw their ears. Elfin. These human looking people were part of the Elfin race.
We didn’t fit right in, and yet no one seemed disturbed by our presence, though quite a few Deatachs cast wary eyes toward Tio. 
As we rounded the corner of the avenue, we saw about a dozen official looking warriors in leathers and carrying either daggers or swords marching down the stone road. They seemed friendly enough, jesting with the passersby. Everyone seemed…casual, though I got the feeling these warriors were seriously tense behind their pleasantries. Besides that, warning signals were going off in my head. Fae…Fae…Fae. My mind told me I was looking at Fae. What was wrong with me?
“The palace guards,” Grail said softly. “Controlled by the usurper with an illusion. We must be careful.”
“Funny, they don’t look…” I gave him a quirky smile, “under the influence.”
“And yet, they are. Just believe me. I can almost taste the demon queen’s illusion spell,” he said, not smiling. “We need to duck in somewhere and get out of sight, because we definitely don’t look as though we fit in.” He nodded to Shags and Tio, who followed with Sharon as he pulled me into a nearby pavilion. It was large, and its galley was full with couples dancing to soft music. I didn’t see any Deatach Elfin in the pavilion, and all my senses were telling me I was looking at Fae. How was that possible?
The tune being played was somehow familiar…and sounded similar to the Irish tunes I knew and loved. 
A buffet table ornamented with potted plants and flowers had been set along one wall. We looked at one another, then in silent agreement headed for the food!
Sharon and I loaded up plates of fruit and cheese as Grail, Tio, and Shags took up huge turkey drumsticks and stood warily looking around as they munched. No one asked us for money. 
“What is this place?” I asked, and then nearly jumped as I was given an answer.
“The music pavilion, my dear. However, I must say, you and yours are out of your element, and if you remain here, you will find yourselves in deep shit,” a tall, good looking Deatach in an open-necked white billowy shirt, tight jeans, and a short sword linked through his belt said in a low husky, oh my gosh, sexy voice. 
I gave him a once over appraisal. He wore his dark gold and thick hair slicked back and braided at the nape of his neck. His penetratingly iridescent eyes glinted with amusement as his gaze slanted over us. Like the Fae in Aaibhe’s court, he gave off a sexual allure.
I arched a brow and inclined my head, indicating to Grail that the newcomer was armed. His sword was sheathed and strapped at his hip, but I knew how deadly it was to immortals and supernaturals alike. 
He noticed my eyes stray to his sword and grinned. He touched its hilt. “Oh, this…yes indeed, a Fae Death Sword. But never mind that, just, do tell me how you got past the usurper’s wards.”
Grail had already taken a stance between the newcomer and me, and said, low and growly, “Or?”
The newcomer looked him over and grinned. “Damn, but you do pose a problem.” He looked at each one of us and added, “Your little group makes up quite a collection of supernaturals, but I know you,” he said to Grail. “What is the Prince of Cumhacht doing here in Deatach?”
“How would you know…?” Grail was surprised.
“I once visited with your father…long ago, when we first lost Danu,” he interrupted Grail and inclined his head. “I am Ryeman, Prince of the Daoine House of Balter.”
“Wait…what?” I interjected. “You are a royal Fae? How is that? What is going on? I don’t get it.” What is a royal Fae doing in Deatach? “You guys don’t interfere?”
Ryeman laughed. “Now that I have had a good look at you, I see…you are definitely your father’s child. You have both your grandmother’s and his look, though your blonde hair must come from your mother.” He inclined his head. “Princess Smoke, did your father not bring you up to snuff before he was abducted by the usurper and eliminated from your childhood? You don’t know then, that I was more than just a friend. We were close…in spite of our age difference. In fact, I was the one in charge of his training all through his youth.” He looked back over his shoulder. “It would be better if we talked further in a private setting.”
“Private?” Grail said. “And we can trust you because?”
“Because, at the moment, you don’t have much choice, do you?”
We saw a line of armed guards march into the pavilion.
“No…but if you are a Fae royal…those guards then are Fae, so…who are Deatachs?” I asked.
“Princess, what do you think Deatachs are?”
“Not sure…so asking,” I returned.
“All of us, who followed our Queen Jeze, were Daoine Fae. The Daoine Queen Mab, and the Seelie Queen, Aaibhe, are somewhat unaware of the true nature of this realm. They had believed our Queen Jeze was imprisoned or killed by her brother…the Dark King, for her assassination of our Queen of Danu. I have come to believe they now know this is not true.”
“This is all too much…you and my father—friends? The queen…had followers…you came here?”
“Which is a tale that needs telling in private, and just now, we can’t stay here and chat. The guards will be making their rounds, and they are loyal to an illusion, which makes them dangerous.” He looked at each of us in turn and smirked as his eyes met Sharon’s, moved on to look us all over one by one. “I am impressed,” he said, and smirked. “A Born-Vampire, a demon king, a prince of Dark Magic, and…” He frowned as he studied Shags. “What may I ask, are you, because I smell…wolf?”
Shags brought himself up to his full height. “Wolf shifter.”
“Ah, a wolf shifter, of course…I see.” Ryeman returned to study me, and said, “You have the prince of magic as your mate. Very fitting, considering all the DNA you carry.” He looked at Tio. “And the demon queen’s king, of course, came to the rescue.” His gaze once again caught and held mine before he softly said, “Soon, you will have to tell me how the granddaughter of our queen…managed to have her blood denigrated by the blood of a Born-Vampire.”
Sharon put her hands on her hips. I wagged a finger. “I will tell you this. Denigrated is the wrong description. My blood is enhanced by that of a Born-Vampire, who is my closest friend in all the world. So, when you speak of my blood, remember that.”
Prince Ryeman inclined his head. “Understood. Still…it is a tale worth hearing one day.”
“Sure ’nuff, but like you said…in private.” I indicated with my chin that a new set of armed male Fae had entered the pavilion.
“Those are the palace guards!” he said urgently. “We must go.” He put a strong hand on Grail’s shoulder. “Is everyone ready?”
Grail already had me plastered against himself. Sharon held onto my arm, and Shags held her with one hand before he grimaced and once again took up Tio’s hand. Tio smiled at him and said, “Shags.”
Shags snorted and said, “Dearest Demon, we have to stop touching like this.”
Tio grunted, and just before we shifted with Ryeman, I swear he laughed.
* * * * *
Overly opulent was a good word for the enormous chamber we found ourselves in as we stepped out of the shift.
We looked around, and naturally moved back to back for a moment as we sized up our situation.
Ryeman regarded us with a cocked brow and laughed before he remarked, “You certainly work instinctively together. That is a plus for our side.” He motioned to floral upholstered sofas. “Sit…and we’ll talk.”
“Our side?” Grail asked suspiciously.
He waved us to be seated again and we complied. Grail pulled me close on one sofa while Tio and Shags sat with Sharon squeezed between them facing us. She and I exchanged a glance and I giggled. It all seemed so funny. 
Grail moved forward and set his elbows onto his knees as he leaned toward Ryeman and said, “How did you know we had breached the Deatach ward surrounding your realm?”
“Indeed, I have signals in place and am very alert. Those signals went off the moment Wrensly’s ward was breached. However, some of my team also reported they felt something different had arrived in our atmosphere—something Fae and not Fae. It made sense, as I have been expecting the princess to discover her father was being held captive and come to his rescue. I imagined she might bring help…though I must say, I wasn’t expecting the diversity of your team.” He smiled warmly at me.
“First, my question is, I don’t get it…how could the powerful Fae…the sister of the Dark King, in fact, be held captive to an illusion?” Grail said, and put up his hand. “Second, you said something about your team. How is it you have a team…and how are you not affected by the spell of illusion?”
Ryeman’s eyes narrowed and he looked at Tio. “You, King, are aware just what your queen is capable of, are you not?”
Tio inclined his head. “I am.”
“Then you will not be surprised to learn that her illusion spell holds our Fae citizens enthralled with the notion that the Dark Queen’s two sons are traitors.” Ryeman shrugged. “Fae, as a rule, cannot either compel one another or spell one another in such ways, but this enchantment…this illusion,” he glanced again at Tio, “is being created by the demon king’s powerful mate, and apparently has the power to work on most Fae.”
“Fine, if I buy that, tell me why you and your so-called team are not enthralled,” Grail, ever suspicious, pursued.
Ryeman didn’t respond immediately, so Grail, whose eyes narrowed, asked again, “Why aren’t you and your team under this mass illusion?” 
“I am immune, as are my friends, which brings us to Prince Grail’s second question. Indeed, I have what humans call a team…my fellow Fae, who are also immune. We are not sure why, but a few of us seem to be unsusceptible to the demon queen’s enchantment. So we have formed a secret community dedicated to freeing our fellow Fae and finding our queen! We are determined to find the demon queen’s location and put a stop to her illusion spell.”
Tio jumped to his feet. “No one harms my Solia! I am tired of hearing about what you will or won’t do. No one touches my queen, and you and yours shall pay if I don’t get her back!”
My eyes opened wide. Tio had been calm, patient, and working with us to just that end. I had no idea what exactly set him off.
Ryeman sighed and shook his head. “I don’t respond well to threats, and they aren’t necessary, demon. I mean to help…not hinder.”
“Tell us about your queen…the Dark King’s sister. The Human Realm is aware of many legends regarding the Dark King and Danu…but none that I know of mentioned a sister,” Sharon said.
“During the war, they…the Dark King and his sister, were inseparable, but she misread his intent. He never wished to harm the ruler of Danu…his queen. He wanted more power. He wanted the secret of the “Song of Making”, he wanted children, which she wouldn’t or couldn’t give him…but he did not want her dead.”
“And still he killed her?” I asked.
“No, sadly his young sister did that,” Ryeman said.
“So she became queen of Deatach? How did that come about, and if she has been taken, what makes you think this creep wizard scoundrel didn’t kill her?” Shags asked.
I eyed Shags and teased, “Scoundrel? Have you been reading my romance novels?”
He chuckled. “Well, he is, isn’t he?”
Ryeman stuck in, “The Dark Wizard, Wrensly, who is nothing more than the usurper, evidently could not bring himself, in spite of his hatred of our queen, to kill her. He keeps her in Stasis, hidden from us. It—for you, Princess, has been years since your father vanished from your world, but for us, less than nine months.”
“Geez,” Sharon said. “How could a wizard do all that?”
“He is not just a wizard,” Ryeman said.
“Okay, how about we all sit back and you tell us everything you know from the start,” Grail said, taking command in his usual fashion.
I snuggled against him and whispered, “I frigging love you.”
“First,” Ryeman eyed us and looked away and inclined his head at Tio, “can you, as king of your domain, undo your queen’s illusion spell?”
“No, it is unique to herself. Our females are capable of wielding illusions, but none like to her. Her power has been handed down from mother to daughter over generations. I must find her, and when I do, she will set things right. My Solia is…very kind,” Tio said on a low note.
“Finding her…finding the queen, is something we have been trying to do. It has proven impossible thus far. I have come to believe that Wrensly moves the queen and Solia often, from one prison to another.”
“What of my father and uncle? Do you know where they are?” I asked.
“No, but now…Princess, that, at least, is something you will be able to help with, I think. You are linked by blood. When you search, you will know when he is near. Blood speaks to blood,” Ryeman said.
Beside me, Grail stiffened. 
I said, “Where and when do we start?”
“You and I will start in the morning,” Ryeman said.
“No way, no how, not happening,” Grail said, and gave Ryeman a challenging look. “Where Smoke goes, I go.”
I smiled, pleased enough. Where I went, I wanted Grail to go.
“Impossible,” Ryeman said.
“Why? You may not realize it, but I have some formidable magic at my disposal, and can be more than your usual asset,” Grail said between gritted teeth.
Ryeman gave him a curious look and said, “But you, Prince, are not a Fae. We start our search in the palace. To this date, I have been constantly watched when I enter the palace grounds. I have not been able to search the lower floors. However, no one will be watching the princess if she shifts in with me. She can mingle easily with the other Fae, but you…you are an outsider, with the scent of an outsider that would be picked up immediately.” He eyed me again. “Princess, are you aware that your scent is of Fae heather, pine, and rosemary? It is of a variety that only grows in Daoine. You will be able to move about unnoticed for anything other than your exceptional beauty.”
Beside me, once again, I felt Grail stiffen.
“How is that possible—my scent, I mean?”
“You are a royal Daoine, have you not realized that yet?” he said, and frowned at me.
“I am a royal Fae?” I said as much to myself as to him. “A royal Daoine Fae? Not a Deatach immortal?”
“Indeed, Elfins are the original Deatachs, and although they live a very long life, they are not really immortals. As a Fae, you can enjoy some freedom in the palace. You can shift in and out of various rooms without being detected,” Ryeman explained. 
“You, Prince, don’t smell of heather and pine,” Grail objected. 
“No, every royal house has a unique scent. Princess Smoke’s scent is familial, so she must not come within Wrensly’s vicinity. Besides that, he must not see her. The resemblance between her and her father is marked, and her grandmother is marked.”
“What is your interest in all this?”
“As I said, I wish to free the true king.” He inclined his head to me. “Your father, and his brother…as well as my fellow Fae, have to be free from this usurper. Wrensly has done away with our queen’s council, where I played an important role.” Ryeman got up and paced. He came to a stop, then turned back to us. “I have managed to befriend Wrensly. He trusts me in some minor capacity.”
“Why would he trust you?” I demanded.
“Because I admitted to him that I was not under the illusion and that I still meant to help him in his endeavors. He looks to me to spy on our fellow Fae and make certain no cracks in the illusion have formed.”
“This had to take a great deal of planning. Why would Wrensly have chosen Deatach? Why go to so much trouble? What is his ultimate goal? He can’t keep up the illusion forever. What if something were to happen to Solia?” I shot back.
Tio growled.
“Is it not obvious to you yet?” Ryeman sighed. “Wrensly is Queen Jeze’s firstborn son.”
“Like what?” Sharon and I screeched in one voice. The men said nothing as they sat back. Even Tio didn’t grunt.
“Indeed, before she took your grandfather as her consort, my queen was heartsick about what she had done—how she had betrayed our queen and killed her, bringing about the destruction of Danu, and losing forever the Song of Making. Her brother, the Dark King, disowned her because he knew she was the one who slayed our Danu queen. You see, the Dark King vowed never to forgive her and to wipe her out of his heart.”
“But they were at war with the queen. She must have done what she thought he wanted. Doesn’t seem fair,” I said. 
Ryeman gave me a quirky smile. “The Dark King has never been fair. He sees too far and too much to be bothered with such mundane notions. No, during the war between our two factions of Danu, as I have said, it was never his intention to dethrone his queen or harm her. He wanted to rule above her. He wanted things…she would not compromise on. Politics is always ugly, but he was not. He would never have done that, and although the Dark King was filled with guilt because his queen and his world were destroyed by his war—it was my dear friend, his sister, Jeze, who took the Death Sword to our queen.” He frowned darkly. “Had we not loved our leader, Jeze, so deeply, it would have been difficult to forgive her for that. Also, she doomed us, as she killed the queen without discovering the ‘Song of Making’, and without it, having children became a difficult thing for the Fae.” Ryeman sighed and waved a hand, as though waving it all away. “At any rate, burdened with guilt, the Dark King saw Danu destroyed and moved on to create his Dark Realm. Mab was crowned Queen of Daoine, and Aaibhe, Queen of the Seelie Fae. They discovered the Human Realm, settled there, but enslaved the humans until humans decided to die for their freedom. The two queens pulled out of that war when they realized the humans were willing to die in great numbers to attain their freedom. Each queen created their own world. The Dark Princess Jeze crowned herself and took her many followers, including myself, to this world, to Deatach, and here, we settled quietly and finally at peace.”
“Wait…what? The Dark King took no one? But Jeze…his sister had followers?” I was astonished. This was all new information intruding on an old legend I had believed for so long.
“Indeed, I believe one female Fae followed the Dark King…Morrigu…as she adored him and had been his mistress, but no other. He wanted no one.” Ryeman sighed heavily. “We believed in Jeze, and as it happened, she became a wise leader here on Deatach. The Fae, with Aaibhe and Mab, traveled in a mist to the Human Realm and settled there, until the humans fought for their freedom, and the queens, rather than destroy them all…retreated to their own worlds.”
I looked at Grail and saw this made sense to him. He said, “Go on.”
“Very well. As I said, the Dark Princess Jeze became our queen and brought us here…hundreds of us, and the inhabitants were pleased to welcome us. The Elfin race is a peaceful one and they welcomed us, pleased with the advantages we were able to provide for them. Queen Jeze appointed her council of royals, of which I was her chief council member.”
“So the four houses of Daoine and the four houses of the Seelie Fae aren’t the only royals?” I was shocked. It was difficult to discard what I had always believed. 
“Indeed. The Dark King and his sister were the last of their own royal house…Canyon,” Ryeman said, and looked directly at me. “The other houses…except for mine, were decimated in the Great Danu War.”
“My father’s name is Canyon,” I said softly.
“So, there you are, at last. You see it, Princess.” Ryeman inclined his head. “You see the whole which includes you.”
“War!” Sharon said suddenly. “I hate war. It never accomplishes anything. Look what it did to all of you.”
“You are quite right. Too late, our Queen Jeze discovered that power and wanting is not as important as peaceful coexistence. She became committed to a well ordered and quiet life for us all here in Deatach. However, forever is a very long time. We Fae get bored, and after a time, she left me and the eleven other council members in charge while she decided to travel the universe.” He paused and then said quietly, “Our queen discovered an interesting realm of Dark Wizards, and there, she took a lover. They had a child together—a son, whom she promptly left with her lover when she returned here.” He looked away and then said sadly, “I asked her how she could abandon her own child and she said, ‘He isn’t a pure blood. He belongs with his father’.”
“That was her attitude with my dad. She didn’t want him to marry my mother and said she would never forgive him…” I said more to myself than to anyone else. “I don’t see how you can call her wise. That wasn’t wise…or kind.”
“I did not agree, do not agree. One must take love when it comes. However, shortly after she returned here, she met your grandfather, and in her fashion, fell in love. He was not a royal, but she thought it time the House of Canyon grew. She had learned a way to enhance her ability to have children…she learned it from her Dark Wizard lover, you see. Thus, she took your grandfather as her consort, and together, they had two boys and a girl. However, your father and uncle and her daughter were not her only children.”
“This is all too much. It is a regular Peyton Place. Here, she is telling my father who he should not marry while she abandoned her own child!” I did not approve.
“Indeed, Princess Smoke…and it would appear we reap what we sow. It was Wrensly, her firstborn son, who killed your grandfather. In the first hours he was here, he managed to get hold of a Death Sword, and while ingratiating himself as only a visitor at the palace, he managed to befriend your dear grandfather.” Ryeman closed his eyes. “Your grandmother knew as soon as she saw him that he was her son, but by then, it was too late. He had already befriended and charmed your sweet grandfather, and when he had him alone in the garden…managed to slay him with the Death Sword he carried in his ether. Your grandmother was with me when she suddenly sensed something was wrong. She left me abruptly and hurried to find your grandfather. When she found him lying there…forever gone, she was overcome. She called to me with our mind-link, even as Wrensly used her moment of weakness and dropped the Golden Wiele over her. He then shifted off with her as his prisoner. We two, Jeze and I, have always had a mind-link, but after that one call…that one desperate call, our link was suddenly severed. I shifted to find our beloved king, but your grandmother was already abducted. I learned afterward when Wrensly had the need to gloat that he had, through some machinations, visited the demon king’s realm, just before he managed to take our queen prisoner.” Ryeman inclined his head. “He must have befriended you…?”
“Yes, he betrayed me as well. My…my Solia tried to warn me. She didn’t like him…it is all my fault.” Tio clenched and unclenched his fists.
“Indeed, Wrensly is charming. He had Solia already a prisoner and hidden when he killed our queen’s consort. I can only imagine he used some threat to force Solia to ensnare all our warriors and citizens with the illusion of his design. Thus, he sent guards to your home in New Orleans, Princess, where your father was arrested, brought back here, and thrown into a prison cell with his brother, who had been already arrested. I was, I am sorry to say, unable to do anything to stop it all…”
“But this Wrensly…all this horror is because he wants what he thinks is rightfully his. All this agony everyone has suffered, all because my grandmother abandoned him. It is tragic,” I said.
“Indeed, but as it happens, she left him with his father, and Wrensly has often spoken of his father to me, and seems to hold him with…affection. Yes, he wants his revenge against his mother, yes, he wants the throne, but there are times when I glimpse another side of him.” Ryeman sighed. “It doesn’t matter. He has driven out the light from his soul. Dark dreams and obsessions drive him now.” 
Sharon, who had always wanted children, snapped, “I find it despicable…I know she is your relative, your grandmother, Smoke, but…but…”
I patted her hand. “Yeah, Sharon…I get it, and it is so very heart-rending. Life was never meant to be fair. We are dealt circumstances and can only do our best. Wrensly was given a bad hand, but he didn’t have to be worse than her, did he?” Sharon didn’t respond, and I just sat silent as I tried to get my head around this awful story. My grandmother was the Dark King’s sister. She was a murderer…who killed her brother’s royal mate—her sister-in-law. She abandoned her firstborn…she…oh, it was too much. 
“Indeed, a queen’s sense of obligation and tradition is strong…perhaps too strong.” Ryeman continued. “I tried often to counsel her about her rigidness in these matters, but she held with the old ways.” He shook his head. “Wrensly was rejected by his mother, which I believe severely warped his mind. It is why he made his plans…why he came here, determined to take what he saw as his rightful place.” Ryeman sat back down and leaned back in his leather upholstered winged chair. “Sad, but we have to put a stop to him…one way or another.”
“I don’t know how he accomplished so much in so little time,” I said.
“Ah, but he had centuries to plan, didn’t he? At any rate, the how of it no longer mattered. It was accomplished because we had become complacent with our sweet peace. Now, it is both my wish and my duty to find my queen and free her from her torment, as I believe her to be alive still.” He looked at Tio. “But first, we must find King Tio’s mate and break the spell of illusion. Agreed?”
“Agreed,” we all said at once. 
“But wait, you said she also had a daughter…what of her?” I asked.
“Lila was not here in Deatach when Wrensly arrived. She was away on her honeymoon—in your realm, in fact. Her mate is a dear friend of mine and we have a bond. Thankfully, I was able to reach them, and they await my instructions before attempting to return.”
I liked Ryeman. Aside from the fact that he was extremely attractive and had a killer smile, he was, it seemed to me, decent.
“So what is next?” Grail asked, frowning at me.
“In the morning, Princess Smoke and I will make our way into the palace. I am expected by Wrensly, as he is awaiting my reports. While I meet with him, Smoke can slip off and do a thorough search of the lower palace floors,” Ryeman said.
“I don’t like Smoke going into the palace and scouting around on her own.” Grail held my shoulders and I looked into his worried eyes. “Baby, no way are you going on your own. I am coming with you.” 
“You can’t,” I shot back. Maybe he wanted to look out for me, but I wanted to look out for him. He would never pass through all those Fae undetected. “You would surely set off the alarm and put us all in jeopardy, Grail. Think about it. You are not a Fae, and there are too many of them who would spot you as an outsider.” I stroked his cheek. “But there are other things you can do.”
“She does not go in without me,” Grail told Ryeman. 
My guy is stubborn and won’t give up without a fight. This would have to play out between us in private.
“You are all tired, perhaps hungry,” Ryeman answered. “There are already trays of hot food awaiting you in your suites. Go, eat, refresh, sleep…we will make plans tomorrow.”
“Good idea,” Shags said. “Food…always good.”
“Hmm,” Tio agreed. “But we must look for Solia in the morning.”
“Eat, then sleep,” Shags told him, and gave him a slap on the back. “Tomorrow, we’ll figure out how to find and free her.”
Tio put a large hand on Shags’ shoulder. “Friend.”
“Yeah…but enough with the touching. For a big bad, you do a whole lot of touching,” Shags teased as he shrugged him off. 
“Humph,” Tio said.
“Indeed, you will be better equipped to rescue her if you eat and get some rest, Tio.” I put a comforting hand on his arm.  
“Your suite, King Tio, is at the top of the grand staircase,” Ryeman said, and turned to me. “Yours and Prince Grail’s is at the end of the hall, and I have put the vampire and her shifter wolf directly across the hall from you. I will see you all in the breakfast room in the morning.”
Without further ceremony, Prince Ryeman shifted out and away.
We stared at each other and Tio grunted and said, “I will eat. I am hungry. I hope there is meat. Then I will sleep and rescue Solia.”
In spite of the danger awaiting us, once again, I almost giggled. Tio’s threatening appearance was at such odds with what I had discovered was his large, good heart.
Grail sighed. “Of course you will.” He turned to me. “You and I…need to talk.”
“Talking,” I told him, “is not what I had in mind.”

~ Eight ~


AS EXPECTED, OUR SUITE WAS luxurious and comfortable. We found a tray of covered and steaming hot food awaiting us on a table set by a beautifully framed set of glass doors. The double doors opened onto a wide and ornate balcony overlooking grounds and lawns that were exquisitely landscaped. Prince Ryeman lived in style.
We ate, drank more wine than was our custom and I got a bit of a buzz on. As I rose from the table, Grail took my hand and pulled me onto his lap and held me tight for a long moment before he took my chin and tilted my head to meet his gaze.
Those bright blue eyes looked into my soul as he whispered, “He wants you and I won’t have it.”
“Who wants me? I hope it is you,” I teased.
“Ryeman wants you,” he growled. “I don’t want you alone with him. I don’t want you going to the palace with him.”
“He is a royal Fae prince. What would he want with me when he has his pick right here in Deatach of beautiful Fae females who are not taken? Besides, I won’t be alone with him. He has to go engage Wrensly and I have to do a quick search. I will be shifting throughout the lower floors, including the dungeon…so, I won’t be with him.”
“I have looked at the Fae women, of which you are one. None come close to you, both in character and beauty. No, this Ryeman fellow will find a way to get you alone.” Grail was grinding his teeth. He looked sexy and dangerous.
“Nonsense, and you are wrong. Even if he seems flirty with me, I think it is just his way. He is a royal, and they are, from all I have read, very sexual. It isn’t about me…it is just that I am the new girl on the block.”
“Smoke, I watched the way he looks at you…it is almost as though he is mesmerized and can’t look away,” Grail cut me off. “I tell you, he can’t look away from you. When you speak, he hangs on every word, and his eyes are forever straying over your body and I don’t like it.”
I laughed. “Like it matters? I am yours, end of story.”
He kissed me then, long and sweet before his kiss turned into another and then he whispered, “Smoke,” he nibbled at my ear, “don’t you know? You, baby, you…are the air I breathe, the nourishment I need, the song in my head and my heart. Without you, I will wither…suffocate and die.” His kiss was primal as his tongue tangoed with my tongue in a way that sent me spiraling into erotic waves of sensation.
He twirled his finger and my clothes vanished from my body. 
His hands covered my breasts as he moaned and murmured my name. He growled wildly, almost savagely when he said, “Smoke…you are perfect. Everything about you, every curve…and your tits, your luscious tits…are mine!” He lifted me up with him then and marched toward the large veiled four-poster bed. 
“And you, big bad Dark Lord…you are mine,” I said, and heard the hoarseness of my own voice.
His lip curled and his voice was full of lust. “This Dark Lord is going to fuck you now, and then again, and then again, into the night and the wee hours. Are you ready for it, baby?”
“Oh yes, please.” I was down with that.
He placed me gently on my back before he flicked a wrist and his own clothes vanished. I looked him over and licked my lips.
His firm, large peck muscles were tantalizing. His biceps covered in tats made me squirm with an attraction that burned for his touch. His erection dancing before my gaze made me impatient to get my hands on him…to touch him. 
He climbed onto the bed and spread my legs, pushing up my knees and dipping his head so he could lick at my sex. 
What he did to my clit with his tantalizingly tongue and his teeth, which grazed along my sensitive parts, made me beg for more. Oh, he was talented and knew just what to do. It didn’t take long before I was arched and calling out his name. I felt feral and grabbed at his dark hair. I wiggled uncontrollably as he wielded my sensitive and wet sex. 
He paused and said, “Tell me.” 
“I love you,” I said, knowing instinctively just what he wanted to hear.
“Only me,” he whispered as his tongue returned to my clit and his finger joined the party. 
“Yes!” I almost screamed as he took me higher, and then higher still. “Yes…oh that…yes, more…there, oh, Grail…” And then his stunning expertise brought me to the top of the mountain, and as I took flight, I soared with new hedonistic gratification. Rockets burst all around me, and I knew an erotic shattering relief that made my body tremble as I collapsed into the heat of my pleasure.
Grail held me tightly and whispered as he covered my face with kisses, “I want…more…so much more of you, baby. I mean to bring you to that feeling over and over.” He took to his knees and hovered over me as he positioned himself and rubbed his huge, fucking hard and dancing dick against my wet opening.
Desire raged inside of me. Only Grail had ever made me feel this way. “In…get in,” I begged. I want what he promised. I wanted him then…forever, and I wanted him to push into me, ride me hard, ride me fast…bring me to it again and again. 
“Oh, yeah, sweet Smoke…that is where I am going, but first…” He moved up past my waist and rubbed his dick against my nipples and I groaned with a lust only he was capable of producing in me. He spent time flicking my nipples with his cock and I arched, my body begging for him as he rubbed, teased, and then damn, hot damn, he pushed his dick in, taking possession, making me reel with pleasure as he dove in and out of me.
“Stay inside…give me all you got, Holy Grail, all you got,” I told him, frustrated now with the ebb and flow of pleasure.
Instead, he brought his dick to my lips and I took hold before I licked him with a ravenous hunger I had never thought possible before there was him. I took that fine hard dick into my mouth, sucked gently at first, then wildly as I drew his thick erection down my slippery throat.
“Ah, baby…” he moaned, and withdrew his dick. 
“No, stay…I like to taste you,” I told him, and licked the length of his erection. Who am I? Was that me, so wanton, so carnal, so very much in love? Yes, damn straight, it was me.
Instead of pushing back into my hungry mouth, he moved his body over me, dashing his tongue over my nipples, then lightly nipping at them before he slipped an arm under me and turned me over onto my belly. I cried out something unintelligible because he thrilled me with his touching as he set me in place. My anticipation had me squirming and squeezing my thighs together as I waited for him to ram into me. 
Damn, but he met every expectation as he drove himself home and brought me back up the mountain. I called out his name and pushed against his hard thrusts. 
His voice was hoarse, edged with voracious desire, and touched with the magic we were both experiencing. “Baby, I can’t breathe without you…I can’t see or feel without you…my heart, my life, has become yours to do with what you will,” he told me vehemently. 
“Then what I will…is love you. All you need to do…” I gasped as he pushed into me with a feral need that sent waves of sensation through me. “Is love me back.”
I believe love gives so much more than it takes.
* * * * *
I suppose I was still dreaming, still cuddling in my dream with my Holy Grail when I realized I had to meet up with Ryeman and go to the palace.
I jumped up and showered, put on the same clothes I wore the day before, and started for the door. Grail was dressed and at the door before me. He took my hand and accompanied me to the central hall, where Ryeman was waiting.
Grail didn’t just hover. He stood, looking threatening and every bit the Dark Lord he was reputed to be. I smiled to myself.
“Ryeman,” he said as we made ready to shift off together.
Ryeman eyed him, his expression inscrutable.
“I will hold you responsible for my Smoke’s safety, and do not make the mistake of believing that my…abilities are not enough to do just that.”
I took a handful of Grail’s black T-shirt in my hand and looked up at his gorgeous hard-lined face. “Do not make the mistake, my love, of thinking I need anyone other than you to look out for me.”
Grail grinned as he took my hand from his T-shirt and kissed it. 
Ryeman rolled his eyes. “Shall we go before my stomach turns?”
I took a step toward Ryeman and said, “Destination coordinates, please.”
“It will be easier if I just…” He put his hand on my shoulder and we shifted out.
The next thing I knew, we were stepping out of his shift onto a heavily veined marble floor. The central receiving room at the palace.
I took a moment to survey my surroundings.
He took a moment to ask, “Did you two fall in love…immediately upon meeting?”
I was surprised by the question, but saw he was seriously interested. “Probably, though it didn’t show through quite at once.” I eyed him. “What about you, haven’t you ever been in love?”
“Once. She was killed in the war that destroyed our realm, Danu.” He looked away. “There was a time when I wanted to follow her into the abyss of death. My friend…Queen Jeze, helped me through that time.” He frowned and looked around. “Quick, now, before anyone notices…shift away and below to the lower floors. I doubt that Wrensly is keeping his prisoners there any longer, but…you might pick up a clue as to where he took them.”
“Yes, I will, but,” I was astonished at his answer and wanted more info, “and never again? You were only in love once?”
“Go,” he responded.
“Okie doke, but coming back to this later,” I said, and would have shifted off had he not put a hand on my shoulder.
“Smoke, I just had news late last night from one of my people. I don’t want to worry you, but the word is that Wrensly is ready to execute both your father and uncle. It is urgent that we locate them immediately.”
I felt my heart contract. I couldn’t dive into emotion. I had to keep my head.
“Right…as you said, lower floors,” I said as stoically as I could manage.
My father and uncle were in immediate danger, but in order to save them, we had to find them. 
I found one lower floor and knew at once both my father and uncle had been held there for a time. My father’s scent, familiar and dear, floated toward me, but it was faint, telling me they had been moved some days…perhaps even weeks ago. Nothing in any of those starkly furnished rooms gave me a clue as to where they could have been taken. I shifted to the lowest floor—to the dungeon.
It was exactly like what you would expect. A Hollywood depiction of a dungeon was spot on. The dark, dank area had all the trappings of a medieval dungeon, but there was no sign that my father or uncle had even been there at all. This was a waste of time.
I was sure they were nowhere in the palace. If not in the dungeon, surely not in one of its luxurious rooms. Logic and gut told me they were being kept somewhere remote.
I searched my senses and shifted to the main galley of the palace, where I saw Ryeman talking with some of his friends, no doubt waiting for Wrensly to call him in for their meeting.
I studied the room full of Fae, all milling about, some of them looking…distracted, and wondered if the ‘illusion’ they had been drugged with, for there was no other way to describe it, was having an ill effect on them as individuals, sapping their sense of self.
Ryeman walked over to me and raised a brow. “Nothing?”
“Nothing, but tell me, Ryeman, my man, because I have a feeling that something is off with nearly everyone here. I mean, the Fae are powerhouses. They have magic and science at their disposal. I believe they know something is off, but can’t quite grasp what it could be.”
“I agree,” he said. “Many of my acquaintances and friends have been discussing the fact that they are experiencing lightheadedness. But because they are, as you call them, ‘powerhouses’, they haven’t yet come to the conclusion on their own that they are being duped with a demon spell. Their egos would be damaged, you see. Even so, I would have tried to help them overcome the spell, but can’t risk it yet. I need to maintain a friendship with Wrensly.”
“Well, this isn’t helping. I need a clue…something to point me in the right direction, and you can be certain there are no clues here in Wrensly’s palace.”
He smiled. “I agree…but, perhaps still, you may pick up on something in another part of the castle.”
“I don’t think so. I would have already, as you say, ‘picked up on something’. Besides, we seem to be drawing a great deal of attention. I think I should leave you to your meeting and skedaddle.”
He smirked. “We are drawing attention because the Fae here are drawn to your stunning beauty. Look around at the Fae females…lovely, aren’t they?” He didn’t wait for me to do more than nod. “Indeed, but they lack your vitality, and the irrepressible vibe you give off. You are unconcerned with how you look, and your every move pulls a male to you, makes him wonder what it would be like to have you in his arms…to…”
As flattering as this was, it was not where I wanted the conversation to go. This was all a waste of time. Answers were not going to come from the palace. “Whoa there, buddy,” I stopped him. “Now, why am I here? You could have managed to pop in and out of the dungeon without anyone the wiser. I am not a fool, Rye...why did you bring me here? It has been a total waste of time.”
He put an arm around me, and I could feel his animal attraction for me, and was uneasy. Grail was right and I was wrong. I had to remove myself from this situation. I pulled out of his hold and gave him a warning look.
His response was to give me a flirtatious look and say, “Not a waste of time for me.”
“Bye, bye,” I told him, and would have shifted off had he not taken a hold of my hand and laughed. “Let go, princey boy.”
He shrugged. “Very well, forgive me. I wanted a small amount of your time for myself. However, I can see I have overstepped.” He shook his head. “Perhaps it would be best for you to leave. You do resemble both your grandmother and your father, quite a bit, and we wouldn’t want anyone to take note of that. Yes, I think it best you shift home for now. Also Wrensly rarely comes into this receiving room, but if he did, he would see that resemblance at once. As of now, he is unaware of your existence. We want to keep it that way.”
“Right, agreed,” I said. Odd to think I looked like a grandmother I have never seen and a father I can just barely remember. 
“Princess…?” he said hesitantly. “I…if you didn’t have a mate…damn, but I would seek that position.”
I pulled a face. “Dear Rye, the thing is, I do have a mate, and you shouldn’t be speaking like that to me. Besides, I have a notion from the way the women here in this galley are looking longingly at you, that you hold a very intimate position with any number of them.”
He grinned. “I would give them all up for you.”
“Yeah, sure you would. I am just the ‘new girl’. Everyone always wants the new girl. Look, I don’t have time for this, and neither do you. We both have people to save.” I gave him a look to match my words. “I’m off…”
“I’ll meet up with you as soon as Wrensly is finished grilling me,” Ryeman said as I shifted off.
I shifted to the prince’s library, and as soon as I stepped into the room from my shift, Grail marched right up to me and took me into his arms. He touched my forehead and said, “From now on, no more silence. Use the mind-link we share.”
“Yes, master,” I teased, because I could see he had suffered not knowing what was happening while I was at the palace. He was right. I should have mind-linked with him and set him at ease.
“What did you find?” Tio asked.
“Not a thing.” I sighed and plopped onto the sofa. Grail sat beside me and took my hand.
“We will find them, all of them,” Grail told me.
“Yes, but there was not one sign to point me in any direction. It is my belief that Wrensly must have squirreled them away some days ago.”
Sharon frowned. “Where is Ryeman?”
“I suppose at that meeting with Wrensly,” I said, and added, “I have an idea.” I was up again and moving toward the many wall shelves of ancient manuscripts. “What I need is a map of Deatach so I can get my bearings.”
Grail lifted his finger and a leather bound book that was a good twenty-four by eighteen inches in size, came floating toward the long oak table set at the far end of the library. 
I hugged him around his trim waist. Any excuse to touch him, I thought, and told him, “You are always my hero.”
He grinned, and with another twirl of his talented finger, the book opened and a huge map of Deatach was displayed in black and white.
“Well, we have a lot of land to scour,” Sharon said, and grimaced. 
Shags nuzzled her neck and she pressed into him. I love them. I smiled and returned to the problem. “What I am thinking is this,” I said. “Tio, water is not comfortable for your kind—right?”
He nodded and eyed me curiously.
“Solia is a powerful royal demon. She would have to be held in a place where escape would harm her, if not actually kill her…?”
Tio growled.
“Don’t worry, Tio, we know she is well enough to maintain the illusion…and as long as she does, Wrensly will keep her alive,” I reassured him.
“But can she…maintain the illusion much longer?” Grail asked, frowning.
Tio threw up his fists and eyed the ceiling. “I will kill her captors.”
“Yes, of course,” I tried to calm him. “And I hope that will happen soon, but to get back to the point…Grail’s question. How much longer can she maintain this illusion Wrensly has set up?”
“If she is captive by water, Solia would be weakened by the water if immersed in it. Therefore, she could not swim out without incurring physical consequences, and in her weakened condition…those consequences could be fatal. So escape, if she is surrounded by water, would be treacherous for her. Maintaining an illusion of this magnitude will have weakened her by now…and will continue to weaken her,” Tio said, and his voice was full with desperation.
“She is very resourceful, isn’t she, Tio?” I touched his huge, clawed fist. “Why hasn’t she been able to portal out…past the water if she is surrounded by it?”
“My Solia is resourceful, and her demon magic is powerful, but our magic is nothing compared to Fae magic, and this Wrensly is a hybrid Fae/wizard. He could have spelled her prison to prevent any portal from taking form.”
“Right,” Sharon said. “But we have a Dark Lord of magic, a demon king, and a Fae on our team. We will portal in, get Solia…and be done with the illusion.”
“There is another possibility we have not taken into consideration,” Grail suggested. “Wrensly has Queen Jeze. It may be that he has threatened to kill the queen if Solia uses her formidable powers to escape. If so, we will need to save these two simultaneously.”
We all stopped and looked at my Dark Lord. 
Tio grunted and said, “Yes, my Solia would not allow another to come to harm because of her. My beloved is…too kind…too principled for such as I, and I never deserved her, but she made me a better ruler. I cannot live or rule without her. Our citizens need us. Princess--,” he turned fully to me, “we…we must find her.”
“We will. I have been holding off…but the time has come to call on our secret weapon. I have to call on my little Lilly,” I said, and raised my hand and silently called on the Hallow’s gift from my ether.
Lilly, small, gold and warm found my hand and softly said, “Yes, Princess Smoke?”
“We have tried on our own to find our loved ones…my dad included, with no luck,” I said, and sighed. “The queen of Deatach is the Dark King’s sister, Jeze. She is my grandmother, and she, too, is being held captive by…the usurper. Can you help us find her?”
“I have been watching you…acclimating to who you are, my Princess, and because of who you are, I continue to evolve, rapidly. I have been silently bonding to you,” Lilly said in a young female’s voice. 
“What does that mean?” I asked. “I don’t work well with riddles.”
“It means you were wise to refrain from calling on me. It allowed me to grow—evolve, and now I am more powerful than I was when I was first created,” Lilly answered.
“And…does that mean you can help us find…”
Lilly cut me off, “I can try. You see, I am still young and untried. My first mission was to safeguard your travel here to Deatach. My most important mission became to always protect you. Thus, I am at odds with myself,” Lilly said.
“At odds? What does that mean?” I pursued.
“If I search and find your grandmother and the others, it will put you in serious danger. I was not created to put you in danger.”
“But it is my request. You will not put me in direct danger simply by finding their location. Lilly, you must, if you can, help me,” I said sternly. 
“I will try, Princess, but first, I suggest we locate your father and uncle. They are in imminent danger. The usurper means to kill them tomorrow morning.”
“Where are they?” I was horrified. 
“In Deatach,” Lilly answered.
“Well, yes, but…”
“The city of Deatach. It is the city where the original inhabitants of this realm, the Elfin, are located. Your father and uncle are being closely guarded in a room made of iron beneath the earth. They have been poisoned by the iron dust and are too weak to save themselves,” Lilly said. “I can show you the tunnel that leads to their prison, but I will not take you farther. The iron would hurt you, my Princess.”
“Take us now,” I said a bit harshly. “Now, Lilly.”
“Yes, mistress. A surprise attack might be just the thing.”
“Wait,” Grail said. “We are not diving willy-nilly into anything. We need a plan.”
“Agreed,” Shags said. “We need to know how many guards there are and if there are wards we can get through. When we get there, I should go in first and have a sniff or two.” Shags grinned and Sharon dropped a kiss on his cheek. 
“Well,” Ryeman said as he walked into the library. “You have been busy while I was out.”
At his side were two male Fae. They wore low cut leather pants, sandals, and leather straps crisscrossed over their naked chests, sheathing Death Swords at their backs. Both male Fae were large, red-haired, and strikingly attractive. Also, they looked exactly alike. Twins. Never thought of Fae as having twins. 
“Allow me to introduce Capel and Francis, my very dear friends. When the usurper took control, they were attached to our queen, both as her guards and her Chief Trackers. Their tracking skills are formidable, but even they have been unsuccessful in their efforts to find our queen…or her sons. I have them and the other members of my team off the grid. They have to be kept out of sight, but they are never far from me. From here on out, they will be working with us.”
Grail eyed them and smiled as he nodded a greeting. “Good.” He turned to me and the others of our ragtag group and made the introductions before he hurriedly brought them up to speed.
Shags reiterated his scouting idea and Rye nodded. “Your wolf has a good notion. Going in and having a sniff, as he says, might work to our advantage.” 
“That isn’t all I want to do. Thought I could cause a major distraction…shift into wolf form and lead them on a merry chase while the rest of you do your thing and figure out how to get into the underground tunnel and what we might encounter.”
“The Fae have a problem with the iron,” Grail said. “You can stand guard once we are inside, but Tio, Sharon, and I will go in and retrieve the prisoners.”
“We’ll need to get past the ward and then portal out…can you do that here in Deatach?” Rye asked.
“Yes, I believe Wrensly created a ward to keep them safe from Fae intrusion. He wasn’t expecting me,” Grail answered simply. He turned and eyed Sharon.
“Well, as a Born-Vamp, I doubt the ward has been built to keep me out,” Sharon said, and smiled.
“What do we do?” one of the twins asked. I can’t tell which one is Capel and which one is Francis. 
Rye looked at them. “You will be with me and Princess Smoke. We will keep guard so no one approaches the tunnel once we are inside. After today…my cover will be blown and we—as well as the rest of the team, will have to take up new residences. However, I have another place, but if that place is compromised, we will build one in the jungle. We can go there afterward, where your father and uncle, Smoke, can heal, and we can plan our next move.”
Grail nodded. “Agreed. So, it is settled. We are shifting off to Deatach City.”
“I will shift with you and your er…supernaturals,” Rye said, and grinned at Tio, who grimaced at him. “The twins can lead the princess and King Tio. Yes?”
“No, I go where she goes. Tio can go with you, Sharon, and Shags,” Grail said firmly, and I smiled to myself. There was no budging him when he stood like that…spoke in just that tone. 
Rye inclined his head. “Understood.” He reached for Sharon’s hand, but Shags stepped in and took hold instead. Sharon laughed and reached for Tio.
Rye took no insult. Instead, he chuckled and said, “Ready?”
“Yeah, ready,” Shags said.
Tio grunted.
Grail put a hand on the shoulder of one of the twins and held me close before he said, “Ready.”
Shifting with the twins was a whirlwind experience. They were far more proficient in the Fae locomotion and faster than me. Still acquiring the skill.
We stepped out onto a bustling cobblestone street. The shops and traffic immediately reminded us that the Deatachs had progressed only as far as the 1800s. Horses pulled carriages, wagons, and even the equivalent of our taxis (hackney coaches) were rumbling along. 
Men and women wore clothing that was very similar to the Regency era of England, and the people looked human, except for the fact their ears were pointed.
Rye eyed the Elfin affectionately. “When we arrived, they were little more than savages. We don’t interfere and have allowed them to progress on their own…only providing them with some basic protections against the trolls.”
“Trolls?” Grail immediately asked. “They come this far from the jungle?”
“We aren’t that far from the jungle, and yes, they do. Until Wrensly put a stop to it, our trackers kept watch and kept the trolls out, but…”
And just as he said this, a crowd of screaming Elfin nearly stampeded past us.
At their back and swinging a spiked club was a troll!

~ Nine ~
 

I STARED IN HORROR AS the drooling seven foot cyclops stomped up the street toward us. This one wasn’t naked. He wore a leather loincloth, which barely covered his lower body.
A mother holding her young daughter’s hand ran, but fell over the cobblestones. She managed to stand and hold her daughter close, but turned to find the troll bending toward them. As she screamed, I put out my hand and sent a bolt of blue scathing and electric energy directly at the troll’s abdomen.
He stepped back, flinched, twitched, and shook as though he had only received a bee sting. He roared with anger and grabbed hold of the little girl.
I guessed her to be no more than five or six years old, but he eyed her like she was a precious appetizer. He put his head down and bellowed a warning at us as the child squirmed in his hold.
“Stop!” I shouted, and drew his attention.
He eyed me and spat on the ground. Oh, but it splattered, and as one unit, we all groaned in disgust.
He then proceeded to put the child right up to his drooling, chomping teeth!
Shags jumped into action, as he instantly transformed into his wolf and launched himself at the troll. Grail sent out a wave of Dark magic, which began wrapping its tentacles around the troll’s bare legs, but the beast was in a frenzy. 
What happened next, all happened so fast.
Shags got his big canines around part of the troll’s wide, flabby neck. Startled and trying to fend off the wolf, the troll dropped the child, who scurried to her mother. Both ran off screaming.
Grail’s Dark magic continued to wrap around the troll, and while the beast shouted with fury at the magic, he went for Shags. 
Shags’ sharp canines can tear through bone, and he ripped at the troll’s neck with precision, and then it happened!
Before we could stop it from taking place, the troll clawed a hole through our wolf’s abdomen. Blood poured out of Shags. Blood…Shags’ blood…everywhere!
The troll threw Shags to the ground, where he collapsed, but that wasn’t enough for the troll. He bent, and with another enraged roar, he went for Shags’ head.
Tio was on him, punching away as Grail’s magical tentacles finally brought the troll down. You know that saying, ‘the larger they are, the harder they fall’. Yep. True. The ground cracked beneath the troll’s thunderous landing.
Tio was on the attack, punching the troll in the face, in the eyes, pounding, pounding, and screaming, “My wolf friend…you hurt my friend!”
The beast’s screams resounded in the air, then Grail was on him, even as Tio continued to pummel the creature’s body.
The twins and Rye moved in, and with some kind of twine, not the Golden Wiele, something else, they further arrested his movements. 
One look at Shags was enough to tell us all that Shags was dying.
Grail reached into the monster’s chest and pulled out his heart and threw it to the ground, with a shout to the heavens. His friend, our dear Shags, was dying.
Ryeman twirled a finger, shifting the troll’s dead body elsewhere, before he turned to me and said, “I sent his body to the jungle, both as a warning to other trolls…and as food for the animals.” He sighed. “This is on Wrensly. We Fae don’t interfere, but many of us have taken to…shall we say, discouraging the trolls from entering Deatach City. Wrensly forbade us from continuing to do so.”
I was scarcely listening as I dove to my knees beside Sharon, who was bent over her wolf’s body. I couldn’t stop my bawling as she rocked Shags’ furry head in her arms. Above us, Grail cursed the fates. 
I know, I know, shifters have the ability to heal themselves when injured, but Shags had suffered mortal wounds to his internal organs…and he was bleeding out, losing blood too quickly to recover. He wouldn’t be able to heal himself in time. He was dying. 
Sharon screamed and immediately sliced her wrist open. She was begging him, “Drink…sweetheart. You need my blood to heal yourself. Please, Shags…drink and heal yourself.”
Tio stood guard over them, as though daring the world to come near. Grail stood stoically over us, but Shags? Shags hadn’t budged, hadn’t blinked…nothing!
Sharon gasped, and cursed the world, but pried his jaws open and poured her blood down his throat. “Don’t you die…don’t you do that to me, you big furry oaf…you…have to live for me…Shags!”
Still nothing!
Her vampire blood should have at least healed him enough to get his eyes open. This could only mean that our Shags was beyond healing. I couldn’t believe it. This couldn’t be happening. 
I looked at Grail and cried, “Do something…you are the Dark Lord…do something.”
He turned to Rye, who was standing nearby and shouted, “You are a royal Fae. You have the power to heal…you all do. What are you waiting for? Do it, do it now!”
Rye inclined his head. “He may be too far gone, and…I don’t heal animals. It is not what we usually do, how…”
I was in Rye’s face. “What is that you said? How dare you! You will heal Shags, now!”
The next thing I knew, Grail had Rye’s Death Sword in his hands. “Heal him.”
Rye inclined his head. “I shall…but not because you threaten me. I was about to say, however, I will try.” He got to his knees beside me and said, “Dear Princess, your wolf friend is close to death. I will need your help as a royal, and know this before you accept. It will make you…us both, quite vulnerable for some time afterward. Do you understand?”
“What do I do?” I screamed. “Just tell me!”
“Lay your palms on him…here, near his heart. As royals, we have the ability to heal, yes, but not bring back from the dead. We must heal him before he takes his last breath.”
We both laid our palms on Shags and Rye told me, “Go into your mind…find your healing power, Princess, and unlock it.”
“The princess has great affection for her wolf, which will increase her healing capabilities,” one of the twins said, then he was across from me, laying his palms on Shags’ abdomen. “This is unacceptable.” He looked up at his twin. “The wolf is a noble creature. We must not allow his death on our watch. Come, brother, we must help.”
We were four Fae, attempting to heal our Shags. The ‘noble wolf’, as they referred to him, was my mate’s dearest, most treasured friend. He was my best friend’s mate and I adored him. The twins were right. We couldn’t allow this on our watch, and yet…he was dying.
I saw a glow form down Rye’s arm. I could feel the power from Rye’s hands on Shags, producing a warmth over our wolf’s furry body. I had to help, but first, I had to figure out what to do.  
I found that room my father had installed in the back of my mind. I have been backward in accepting all that room had to offer. No more. I blasted the door wide open, never to be closed again. I was Fae, before all else. Everything I had been afraid…yes, afraid to accept, came pouring into me. Every hidden secret was now mine!
I put my palms over Shags’ heart and bam, just like that, I felt my body’s temperature rise. Heat filled my head, and all at once, I was glowing! Not just my hands…all of me.
“Intriguing,” Rye said thoughtfully. “It is like Francis said, your affection for your wolf has made your healing energy more powerful. Pour all that energy into your friend…now.”
So I did just that, and I felt that healing fire race through my veins, down my arms and into my hands.
Shags jerked once, twice, and I yelled, “Heal, Shags…heal…hear me…”
All at once, he opened his eyes and transformed into human. His voice was hoarse and low. “Sharon.”
She cried and took his hand, kissing and crying, and telling him, “I’m here, you ragtag wolf. I’m here.”
I heard a sob and looked at our demon king to find him swiping at his eyes. Odd, his tears were made of fire. If I had the strength, I would have laughed out loud, but something was off. I didn’t have the strength to laugh, no strength to do more than smile.
Grail was on his knees beside me. “Baby…what is it? What is wrong?”
“Shags is well…so nothing wrong,” I said, and felt my world slipping away. 
I heard Grail as though he was in the distance, but he wasn’t. I felt his arms enfold me, I felt his breath against my cheek, and then…everything went black.
* * * * *
Coming out of a bad nightmare, your heartbeat quickens and you want to grasp onto something real. That was just how I felt as my eyelids fluttered and I heard my Holy Grail shouting at me.
“Baby! You’re back…baby.” His voice trailed off as he squeezed me so tightly I almost couldn’t breathe.
I pushed off, aware that my strength had not returned, and looked at his dear face. Unable to speak, I tried smiling.
He laughed and said, “What is that? I don’t call that a smile. You can do better.”
I tried grimacing at him instead, and the sound of his laughter was filled with joy. 
“Ryeman.” Grail stood, with me cradled against his chest, my legs dangling over one arm. I was impressed, as I always am with my honey. It is no easy feat to just get off your knees with a woman cradled like that. “Ryeman,” he repeated, “what happened to her, what is wrong?”
“Healing…does drain a Fae, but Princess Smoke poured all of her energy into healing the wolf. It was her first time. She will need time to recover, nothing more,” Ryeman said. “However, now we all need to get off the street. I have a small residence in Deatach City. By now, the rest of my team will be there awaiting our arrival. Are you ready? We will all shift together…take hands.”
Rye and the twins surrounded us, nodded, and the next thing I knew, I was still tightly cradled in Grail’s arms, we traveled Fae locomotion style through space and time, stepping into a small and charmingly appointed study.
I looked around, no other Fae present, but the large chamber was warm and inviting in a masculine sort of way.
Grail set me on a brown leather sofa and I put back my head and closed my eyes. I was more than simply fatigued. Rye was correct. I was drained, but it was worse than that, and not getting any better. And then…blood, I could hear blood pumping in Grail’s veins. I stared at his neck and licked my lips!
The vampire in me was hungry. Hunger, not a word that was equal to the task of describing what I was experiencing. This was like the moment after I awoke from death…sired by a Born-Vampire, by Sharon, and discovered the need, the all-consuming need for blood.
I was ravenous for blood, and the need came slamming into me with a force that made me double over. Craving took over my mind and body. It was all I knew—the craving for blood. My fangs dropped. I wasn’t a Fae, I wasn’t a witch, I was a vampire…only a vampire in that moment.
Grail was bending close…too close. “Baby…your fangs?”
I could hear the pulse of blood flowing through him. His neck was near…so near, I could just…no, oh no!
The blood thirst was taking over, negating all or any sense of decency in me. It filled my head with the loathsome desire to feed at the risk of all else. 
Control…the word seeped into my mind. I needed control.
But the thirst was too great. The blood lust filled me and I turned to Sharon and gasped her name, “Sharon…I…I?”
“Oh no,” Sharon breathed the words low and worried. “Smoke, you were drained. You need blood and you need it now.” She turned away from me. “Grail, we have to get her some blood…it is imperative…now, she needs it right this minute.”
* * * * *
Grail forced me to lie on my back on the dark plaid rug. In the background, I saw Rye frowning at me and heard him say, “Why isn’t her Fae overriding her vampirism?”
“Because being a Fae doesn’t cure her of being a vampire,” Sharon said. “And it is all my fault. I made her a vampire…”
“You thought she was dying. You didn’t know she was an immortal,” Grail said. “Stop…no blame.”
Grail slit open his wrist with his teeth and put the sweet blood to my lips. “Drink, baby, drink now.”
“No.” How was I resisting? Love. My love for Grail kept me momentarily in check. How long could I last? I had to…I simply had to resist. “I don’t drink from humans…I have lived on pig blood…or hospital packets of blood…not from…a live source.”
“Drink, I’m not human. You won’t be breaking your vow.” He slammed his wrist onto my mouth, which he had pried open.
I felt the drops of blood scurry down my throat. I gulped them hungrily, in spite of the fact that it went against my vows. I was only ravenous for more. This was Grail…my Grail. I had to stop.
“Drink, Smoke…do it,” Grail urged me. “Before my wound closes!”
The blood trickling down my throat was too much to resist. I latched onto his wrist and suckled for a moment longer, and then aware, all too aware that I was drinking from my own dear beloved, I stopped. 
“You need more,” Grail said sharply.
“No,” I said. “I won’t do this.”
“We can’t risk going out to hunt…and I am not sure how we can procure blood for her needs,” Ryeman said worriedly.
All at once, I started to shake uncontrollably.
Something was happening to me. Something major, but…once again, I blacked out. This time, however, my subconscious was alive and well and taking control of my mind, speaking, informing me—Grail’s blood is a new and magical element inside of you. You will wake stronger than before. His blood will mingle with yours, and together, create untold power within your reach…but you will now and always crave only his blood. 
I came to with a start!
“Smoke…baby.” I heard his voice and it was precious to me. All I wanted to do was curl up in his arms and…damn, I wanted more than that—I wanted to spread my legs wide and invite him in. I wanted…
“Grail,” I whispered. “Fuck me.”

~ Ten ~


“THERE IS NOTHING I WOULD like to do more, sweetheart,” Grail whispered directly into my ear. “But we aren’t alone.”
I looked around the room and realized, even though I had whispered, everyone there had super hearing. The twins were grinning ear to ear. Rye raised a brow at me. Tio wasn’t paying any attention, as he was pacing to and fro. Sharon and Shags were involved with each other as she forced him into a reclining position on one of the sofas.
Never mind them all. I wanted Grail’s hands on my breasts. I wanted his tongue to find and dance with mine. I wanted him deep inside.
“Then take me somewhere,” I said as I grabbed hold of his gray T-shirt. “Now.”
“Baby…we can’t. I need to leave. You stay here with Sharon and Shags until it is time to go. We’ve already lost too much time. Wrensly will be coming for your father and uncle…to publically put the Death Sword to them both. We have to go and get them out of their prison, and there isn’t a moment we can spare.”
Damn if that wasn’t a bucket of cold water dumped all over me with the net result of bringing me back to reality. “I’m coming with you.”
“No,” Grail said in his firm voice. “You are staying.”
“Never going to happen. If you leave without me, I will track and find you. Much better if you take me along. Besides that…Grail, I feel stronger than I have ever felt before.”
He frowned. “It’s my blood…mixing with yours.”
“Yes…yes, you’re right. I feel this magical power surging inside of me. I will be an asset, believe me.”
He touched my cheek. “Yes, baby, I know. My blood…in you, is something we have to talk about later. Now, we have to go. You just stay close, as we have a plan, and there is no time for me to tell you about it now.”
I touched his forehead and said, “Our link is all I need.” The plan was right there in his mind and I took it all in.
“We are linked, baby, and that is fine, but we don’t read one another’s minds. Got it?”
I grinned. “Okie dokie.”
We stood together and I glanced at Sharon and Shags, who remained on the sofa, and asked, “Rye, will they be safe here without at least one of the twins?”
“Safer here than where we are going,” Rye said. “And they do have protection. While you were out, the rest of my team arrived. They are just in the other room, making ready for the next step.”
Next step? I wondered what their part in this would be.
Breathe, I told myself, just breathe.
Tio stopped his pacing and approached me with his fierce eyes boring holes into mine. I smiled at him, and he said in his gruff voice, “I am glad you are better.”
For Tio--that was a tribute.  
We smiled at one another, and as the twins and Rye encircled us for the shift, I realized this was it. This was do or die. We were going in to save my father and uncle, and this was our one and only chance!
Grail put his finger up when I started to ask a question. “No time, baby.”
The next thing I knew, Rye and the twins shifted us and we were in a dimly lit and rudimentarily designed tunnel. Torches on the clay and stone walls flanking us were lit and displayed a long winding tunnel had been carved through the clay and stone. The pointed rocks stuck out of the clay floor, and we would have to make our way carefully. 
We traveled as a unit, slow, picking our way, and Rye, who was holding a small orb, said, “I see that the guards are just beyond the bend. We stop here. The twins and I will shift in and take them by surprise. When we give the signal that they are netted with the Golden Wiele, Tio and Grail will go into the prison cell and rescue your father and uncle. Smoke, are you up to taking position as a look out?”
“Of course,” I said. “But I am up to doing more.”
“Wrensly will not be far behind us. We have to hurry,” Rye said.
“Do we all shift back to your residence?” I asked worriedly. “Wrensly will be able to track us there on a fresh scent.”
“No. My team is preparing a place in the jungle where our scent will be disguised by so many other jungle scents. Before you ask, no worries, Sharon and the wolf will be in their care.”
Grail kissed my lips and then they were all gone. Grail had transported them in his black cloud.
I heard a scuffle. 
I heard umphs and shouts, and my Holy Grail called out, “Tio…behind you!”
Rye laughed and said, “All done and ready to greet your usurper.”
Then nothing. I heard…wait…someone was coming!
* * * * *
A moment later, I was face to face with the usurper, who was also my uncle…well, half-uncle!
He was tall, and like I remembered my father’s hair, his was also auburn and streaked with gold. His face was chiseled, and I thought perhaps some females might find him handsome. His eyes were not aqua like my father’s or mine. They were pitch black, an indication he had given himself over to the dark side.
He had two Fae guards at his back, and he held a Death Sword in his hand and pointed it at me.
Before he could speak, I said, “Hi there, Uncle. I bet you didn’t know about me, but that is okay, because I didn’t know about you! Imagine that…I mean, just look at us. We have so much in common. Here I am a Tribrid and you a hybrid, and both of us rejected by my grandmother…your mother.” I had to stall. I had to catch his interest enough to keep him talking while Grail and the others scurried…shifted off with my father and uncle. We had to get them to safety. That was all that was necessary. As soon as I sensed they were gone, I could shift away!
“Not know about you? Tsk, tsk,” Wrensly said. “My dear niece, you are so wrong. I have known about you for a very long time. My mother may have banned your father’s bride from Deatach, but she had begun to regret that decision. In fact, she had every intention of inviting your father, his mate, and you to Deatach to take up what she called ‘his rightful position’.”
He stopped there for a moment and I watched as he physically controlled his rage. I waited.
“She has lived to regret some of her fateful decisions, but I don’t plan to allow her to live much longer. I did want her to watch her favorite sons die, and I should like to see her when her Tribrid granddaughter expires, but I may have miscalculated. As of late, she doesn’t appear to be faring well…”
I felt my heart hurt. Would she die before I had the chance to meet her? No. No, I couldn’t allow that.
Stall, stall him. I frowned and said, “Well, you know, you have issues, right? You probably need to…”
“Enough!” Wrensly screamed. His palm went out and it was fully charged. The black energy lit up my middle and sent me up into the air and dropped me hard.
“Ouch!” I allowed him and grinned. “That hurt.” I glanced at the guards all trussed up and said, “I really think you need to do better than that.”
“Take her!” Wrensly shouted.
First, I put up a magical shield.
His guards charged at me, and the second thing I did was flip my finger for a little of Grail’s black mana. His magical tentacles appeared and hurriedly wrapped themselves around the guards before they could draw their weapons.
“No…stop, what are you doing?” Wrensly screamed at me, and attempted to throw some magic my way. It bounced off my shield.
Another flip of my finger and the guards were down and tethered back to back with those same tentacles. I smiled. How could I not?
A third flipping finger knocked their heads into one another and they groaned as they collapsed. For a time, at least, they were down. I pulled my Golden Wiele from my ether and sent it over their fallen bodies. I would simply retrieve the Golden Wiele before I made my escape. For now, I needed them to stay down and out of my way. 
I was fairly certain that without the Golden Wiele covering them, the two Fae guards would soon recover and break free. Thank goodness I had confiscated the Golden Wiele when Vidal tried to keep me captive. Vidal was gone, but now we faced a new, just as treacherous enemy, and I was related to this one.
Wrensly used that moment and attacked. He chanted something incoherent and was able to get through my shield. I was surprised when he opted to get physical and put his hands around my throat. He was seething bubbles at his mouth and looked like he was rabid. 
I was not about to waste time going blow for blow. I used my magic and sent him flying into the air. He bounced off the clay wall and took a bad landing right on top of a sharply pointed boulder.
“Ohh,” I said. “That had to hurt, Uncle.” Stall, stall, I kept telling myself, so Grail and Tio could take my father and his brother to safety.
Wrensly had definitely lost his mind. He released an odd screech from deep inside of him. His fists were clenched and then up and pointed in my direction as he chanted a spell.
Black moths filled the air.
I laughed, how could I not? 
“Moths? Seriously?” I said, taunting him. However, wrong. These moths were wicked abnormal. In fact, the stings they gave my arms, neck, and shoulders drew blood!
However, although he was a potent Dark Wizard and a Fae, I, at the moment, with Grail’s blood pumping through me, was so much more. More importantly…I am also a vampire, and one with a Dark Wizard’s royal blood driving me. I could feel my nerves tingle as power surged inside of me and demanded release. I could feel the vicious desire of the basest of vampire needs to rip and tear and get to the source of the blood. I was in control of these elements, but…he needed bringing down!
He didn’t realize my vampire was on the attack until it was too late.
I was on him before he could stop me, either with physical or magical force. I had him down on his back and my vampire fangs dug deep in his throat! I could have ripped out his throat and finished him in that moment…I could have, but I wasn’t ready to kill in such a manner.
I didn’t swallow the blood I sucked out of his veins. Instead, I spit it on the ground with a force that nearly made me choke. I composed myself and told him softly as I held him on his back and in place with my vampire strength, “Did you know, Uncle…that I am also a vampire and an earthly witch?”
“Get off…get off!” he screamed.
He sounded terrified. I didn’t move, but whispered, “If you don’t take us to Solia, I promise, the next time…you won’t live to regret your bad decisions.”
All at once, Grail was there and pulling me off the usurper. Odd, I struggled with my Grail, as I suddenly wanted more than I thought possible, to kill him. I think I could have torn open his throat at that moment as I thought of missing my father all those years because of him—perhaps even my mother’s death could have been prevented had he not taken my father away. 
Thankfully, Grail wrapped his arms around me and brought me back to who I am.
“Baby…”
I clung to Grail. His strong arms held me tight, his hand found its way to my head and stroked me. “Not yet…” he said softly, and turned to Wrensly, who was holding his hand to his bleeding throat. The blood poured out of him, and for a moment, I fixated on that blood.
“Who are you?” Wrensly choked out as he looked at Grail.
“It doesn’t matter. All you need to do to survive this, to survive…” he looked at me as I licked my lips, “to survive her, is to take us to Solia and…your mother,” Grail told him.
And then I remembered. “My father?” I tugged at Grail’s sleeve. “Safe?”
“Safe. Your father and uncle are safe,” he answered hurriedly, and put his hand over mine. He turned back to Wrensly. “So what will it be?”
Wrensly didn’t answer. Instead, while still on the ground, he propped up on one elbow and holding his throat, he shifted away.
“Idiot, I will track him,” I said, seething inside and getting ready to do just that.
Grail stopped me. “Smoke…right now, he isn’t important, and he won’t lead us to Solia or your grandmother just yet. It is paramount that we shift and attend your father and uncle, make sure the others have them safe while they recover. Baby, they were close to death…”
I grabbed hold of Grail. “Take me to my father…please…hurry.”
I put out my hand and retrieved my Golden Wiele from the guards, touched the Death Dagger I had sheathed at my hip, and swiped at a few drops of Wrensly’s blood on my bottom lip. The taste of him repulsed me.
Grail touched my chin and said softly, “Ready?”
I nodded and he wrapped me tightly in his oh, so wonderful arms. His traveling mist of black encircled us as we made the quick journey to Orzo Jungle and the meeting point with the others.

~ Eleven ~


I STEPPED OUT OF GRAIL’S swirling cloud with my hand in his and stared through the lush jungle. No more than fifty feet ahead loomed what looked like a huge but hastily constructed wood cabin. I was surprised and looked at Grail.
He gave me a half-smile and said, “Rye and the others whipped…literally whipped it together from materials they were able to get right here. There is no way Wrensly could know about it. And tracking us with all the scents and aromas to mask ours would be next to impossible.”
We walked the short distance to the bamboo and somewhat flimsy front door just as Rye opened it wide and said, “Hurry, Princess, we haven’t much time.” 
My father lay prone on a makeshift bed of straw covered in palm fronds—my uncle beside him.
He looked so still and pale, and very much the same as I remembered. I ran to his side and dropped to my knees.
He was unconscious, but I took his hand and whispered, “Papa…I’m here.”
His auburn hair was still long but unkempt, and its gold streaks, which I had so loved, had turned to white. Fae don’t age after they reach majority. Why should his hair…? I looked up at Rye.
He shook his head. “Iron poisoning depleted him, Princess, but he will recover all of his strength…” He sighed heavily and looked at a female Fae. “The iron poisoning had them both near death. Arpella and Tantum,” he waved his hand at the two Fae I had not yet met, “have administered the herb made from the Moon Rose. It is a plant that grows in this jungle that is similar to the herb we had on Danu. It has been very successful treating iron poisoning among our kind.”
I looked at Arpella first. She was a lovely Fae with long russet colored curls and said, “Thank you…thank you, both.” I looked at her mate, Tantum, a handsome Fae…but then most of the Fae I had seen were absolutely beautiful, and uniquely so, in their own way.
“But other than the white in his hair, is he as you remember?” Rye asked.
Grail had come to kneel beside me, and touched my hand. I grabbed his fingers before I turned to answer Rye. “Yes, he hasn’t aged in all the years we have been apart.”
“Years for you…months for him,” Rye said. “And the white will give him a distinguished look for a king, I think, because although he will regain his strength and his powers, his hair will remain the color it is now.”
“And what then, will he have to stay…be king?” I asked.
“He should stay...it would be a good thing for our Deatach and Fae nation. However, who can foresee such things. It is what your grandmother had always wanted, and he has the temperament to get things back to normal when the usurper has been captured.”
“Enough! I have waited, and now we must find Solia,” Tio stuck in on a hard note. “Do what you will, make your plans for Wrensly, but first, we must find and rescue my Solia.”
“Yes,” Sharon agreed. “For Tio, and also…to stop the illusion. That in itself will help us defeat Wrensly.” Shags, who had returned to wolf form to complete his healing, ‘woofed’.
I put my head on my father’s chest and murmured, “He looks like a sleeping beauty.” I looked at my uncle and asked Rye, “Does my uncle have family?”
“No…”
“How long? How long will it take for him, for them to heal?” I glanced over at my father’s brother again. He, too, looked no more than a man in his late twenties. He had dark brown hair, also streaked with white from the iron poisoning.
Ryeman sighed heavily. “We aren’t sure. None of us have ever known anyone who suffered so much exposure to iron.” He put a hand on my shoulder.
Grail growled at him and Ryeman laughed and removed the offending fingers from my shoulder and said, “Arpella and Tatum will watch over them…shift them if danger approaches. We need to go.”
“What is the plan? Tell me, we have to go find my mate! What has your orb shown you? Are we close?” Tio demanded, his fists clenching and unclenching.
Rye put up his hand, dropped it, and shook his head. “Easy, my demon friend, one question at a time,” Rye answered. “Let’s see if I can answer you. Yes, my orb has been getting flashes of Solia’s face, but hasn’t yet shown her whereabouts. However, matters have changed. I think Wrensly was surprised—stressed by the unexpected encounter with both Smoke and Grail. I think being stressed, Wrensly’s concealment spell is fading and allowing me these flashes. I am hoping it won’t be long before we have her location. Here…look, a window is opening…hold on…” he said in some excitement. 
“It is Solia!” Tio exclaimed. “There…in your glass ball…my Solia! I see her…Solia, I am coming. Hear me, I am coming.”
“She can’t hear you, my demon friend,” Rye said sadly. “But we are getting a larger picture…look!”
“Water?” Grail said, moving closer to have a look. “She is surrounded by water, and yet…in a bubble of some sort.”
“Yes, but it isn’t clear enough to pinpoint the location,” Rye said, frowning. “Yet there again, rushing water…somehow familiar to me?”
“It would make sense that Wrensly has her captive in a place where he is using water to prohibit her movements,” I stuck in, not leaving the position I had taken up by my father.
“We could travel along the river, see if we can track anything unusual,” Rye offered, but I thought he sounded doubtful. 
Grail paced a moment, then put his hand out for mine. “Come on, sweetheart. We need to end this nightmare, which means we need to find Solia and Queen Jeze.”
“Sharon,” I said. “Will you and Shags stay here with my father and uncle? Will you protect them for me while we…?”
A loud growl interrupted me and Sharon laughed. “Shags says we are coming.”
Our attention was diverted at that moment by a tapping at the window. I turned, as did everyone, and the tapping persisted.
There, looking in at through the glass window and  hanging from the roof was an enormous anaconda—a familiar one, as it had a mark in the shape of a blue star on the top of its head. Snakey!
I swear the damn thing smiled!
* * * * *
“Hallo,” Snakey said in that soothing voice. His forked tongue tested the air.
I went and opened the window. “Snake!” I managed to greet it, although I was definitely creeped out. “What are you doing here?”
He slithered inside, and as he curled up in a large coil and swayed, I noticed I wasn’t the only one who took several steps back. Grail took my arm and pulled me close.
Shags shook his beautiful wolf head of fur and growled.
The snake swayed towards Shags. “You needn’t threaten me, furry one. I am here as a friend.”
“Are you?” I asked, as no one else offered conversation.
“Indeed…I have come to realize that my mistress, she who gave me voice…is alive. I have heard her call my name.”
“And what is your name?” I asked.
“Ah, it is secret between my mistress and myself. She kept it secret. She knew this day would come…and she would call me and I would know it was she. There isn’t time to tell you more. He will be coming for her soon. He is true evil…and when he comes, he will destroy much.”
“Okay then, what can you tell us?” I asked.
“Nothing, but I can show you much,” Snakey answered smugly.
“I don’t trust the serpent,” Tio said. 
“Nor do I,” Rye agreed.
“He could be leading us into a trap,” Sharon said thoughtfully.
“Indeed,” Grail said. “He could be leading us to Wrensly and his warriors.”
I believed the snake. I can’t say why, but I did, however, with my vampire skill I reached into its mind, and although much of it was garbled with a need for food, I found no ulterior motive in its offer. However, we could take some precautions. 
“We can’t pass up the chance to find the queen,” I offered. “But we can form a plan. We have a wolf with excellent smell, better than all of us. We have the Lord of Dark magic, who can create shields for us. We have Prince Rye, an experienced royal Fae with untold powers.” I looked at Rye and then Sharon. “We have a Born-Vampire.” I moved my gaze to the twins. “We have our own skilled warriors. Quite a diverse and potent group.” I looked at my father and uncle still unconscious. “Arpella and Tatum will remain here…move my father and uncle if need be, while we go with Snakey. Agreed?”
As one they murmured, “Agreed,” except for Shags, still in wolf form while he healed, he released a low short howl and pawed the air.
“Are you healed enough, Shags?” I was concerned. I didn’t want him exposed to danger while he wasn’t fully recovered.
He gave a snort.
I laughed. “Right then…Grail?”
“Good plan, Smokey love,” he answered.
“Humans…talk, talk, talk.” Snakey sighed. “If you are ready, we need to move…now!”
“Arpella, do a stronger concealment spell around the place,” Rye instructed, to which she inclined her lovely head.
“We need coordinates to shift there,” Rye said. “We are not following a slithering snake through the jungle on foot.”
“Coordinates? What is…?” Snakey started.
“Okay, let me simplify,” I cut in. “Can you give us a description and we can shift there?”
Snakey’s eyes zeroed in on me. “I can, but no other than you may touch me there, Princess.”
“Ah, so you know about shifting?” I asked suspiciously. After all…he was a snake.
“I do, my mistress said to shift with you…that you must come to her,” Snakey said.
“No,” Grail said. “No chance. She doesn’t get that close to you.”
“She is a royal…more powerful than I,” Snakey responded, and hissed at Grail.
“No more bickering. Let’s get this show on the road,” I said in some exasperation. “Where are we going? What does it look like? What do you call it?”
Snakey hissed, spotted something moving in the far corner of the cabin and snatched it up. The tail of a mouse stuck out of his mouth before he swallowed.
“Ewwe…” I groaned. “Snakey, you are disgusting.”
“I must eat,” Snakey excused himself.
Ignoring all of this, Rye asked impatiently, “Where are we going?”
“To the Orzo waterfall,” Snakey said.
“Do you know where that is, Rye?” I asked.
“Yes, hold hands, and we shall proceed,” he answered grimly.
I reached out to touch the snake, but Grail took my hand, and before Mr. Snake could object, Grail touched him instead. “Ready,” my Dark Lord said.
* * * * *
We stepped out of Rye’s shift and the twins went back to back, their Death Swords drawn. I looked at Rye. “Do your guys sense something I don’t?”
“Yes, but it isn’t the kind of threat you might think it is. We are in the south part of the jungle, which is still prehistoric in nature. It has never evolved and is not really a part of the Orzo Jungle. The queen installed a barrier long ago to keep the prehistorics inside a given area. Even the dinosaurs capable of flying cannot breach her barrier.”
“How did we get in?” Sharon asked.
Rye grinned. “The barrier keeps them out, but Fae and…” he inclined his head, “our guests may come and go as we please.”
As though to prove Rye correct, something very large lifted its leathery skinned head out of the water. It looked like a baby dragon with large, innocent, green eyes.
“Aww…” I said, as it reminded me of Puff the Magic Dragon.
However, it wasn’t anything like Puffy boy! 
As it emerged, we got to see its short arms with pointed claws, and when it opened its mouth of jagged teeth, it snapped at us, and I said, “Whoa.”
I have no idea what kind of dinosaur it was, but as it clamped and unclamped its choppers, snapped at the air and put turf away, I was pretty sure it was a meat eater.
“We need to leave,” Snakey said in some concern. “Now!”
We touched one another and Rye shifted us farther down river, and this time when we stepped out of the shift, we were standing at a waterfall that resembled Niagara Falls!
“Are we still in dinosaur country?” I asked, looking around.
“Yes, but they tend to hunt and feed down river from here,” Rye answered.
“There, there,” Snakey said. “Behind the waterfall you will find two queens. She calls to me, my mistress calls to me—the other sleeps.”
“Water,” Tio said. “Water…” 
He was distressed. I put a hand on his shoulder. “You stay here, Tio, we will bring her to you. I promise.”
“But I am her mate. I must brave the water!” he said staunchly.
“It will blister you all up,” I cried distressfully.
“I will give the demon a coating to protect him from the water. It will roll right off,” Rye said.
“You can do that?” I was astonished.
“As can you. When your father recovers…he will, I am sure, teach you all you need to know. Young Fae go through school…training, jousting. He must have had his reasons not to give you that advantage.”
I sighed. “My mom. I remember her always saying that she wanted us to live a normal life. Now I know what she meant.”
Grail put a finger to my chin and bent to drop a light kiss on my lips. He didn’t say a word. He didn’t have to. I knew he understood.
“Ready?” Rye asked as he swirled his hand around Tio.
I laughed as Tio turned a creamy color from the protective coating covering his usual sizzling redness. 
“You laugh?” Tio snapped at me indignantly.
“Oh yeah, buddy, you look funny,” I said.
Everyone chuckled as Tio fisted his hands and said, “We will see who snickers when we are all done!”
Rye smiled and said, “Very well now, be prepared. We are about to get very wet!”
We all nodded, and the next thing we knew, wet was an understatement.

~ Twelve ~


WE WERE BEHIND THE FALLS, not really in it, but the spray was enough to soak us through. Although we were thoroughly wet, it was warm and tasted of vanilla. Odd that. I looked around and frowned. I didn’t see any sign of either queen.
“There…it is drier there,” Snakey said. “I don’t like the wet. I am not a water snake.”
He slithered over the wet packed earth and stone toward a dark opening. There was nowhere else to go, so we followed.
He stopped suddenly and coiled into a defensive position. “We are close to my mistress, but she is in great pain.”
“I don’t understand,” I said more to myself than to anyone in particular, then looked at Rye suspiciously. “Why is it a snake can mind-link with her and you, her closest confidant, her friend, her council member, can’t?”
“It takes very little energy to mind-link with the snake,” Rye explained. 
Snakey said nothing to this, then my voice got caught in my throat as Grail had put out his hand and chanted an old spell I had learned from my father, one we kept secret from my mom. He put out his palms and called out sharply, “Reveal!”
Before our eyes, a dark curtain seemed to lift, and behind that curtain was a prison cell made of iron bars! Iron above, around, and below the first few inches of earth. 
Inside that horrific cell was my grandmother. 
She looked as though she could have been my age. Her long hair of auburn and gold, now mildly streaked with white where gold had once been, was tangled. Her gown of blue was torn and dirty. She lay on her side, her face turned up, her eyes closed. 
I felt her pain almost immediately. She was in agony. The iron had seeped deeply inside her bloodstream!
“Get her out!” I screamed, but as I ran to the cell, it was like getting punched in the abdomen. I bent over.
Grail waved his hand and the iron bars melted to the ground. He stepped inside and lifted her, brought her outside the cell.
I could see her eyes moving beneath her long-lashed lids. She was still managing to communicate with the snake. A wave of admiration swept over me for her.
“Mistress says to save Solia. She says, leave her for now and get to Solia. The demon queen will end this,” Snakey said almost trance-like.
“Where is Solia?” I asked Snakey.
“Can you not see her?” Snakey said. “She is here, trapped behind the water, in a bubble of polymer ice. I know nothing of such things. It is what mistress says.”
Once again, Grail chanted, and ended the chant with the word, “Reveal.”
Down the wet corridor behind the waterfall was a cage made of ice and in it was a bubble, and that bubble held the demon queen! We could just make her out, lying very still.
“Someone is coming!” Sharon warned.
Shags growled and moved to stand in front of her. The twins held up their Death Swords, ever ready.
Rye put his hand into his own ether and called on his orb. A moment later, he said ominously, “It is as I feared…they are near! Wrensly and his warriors!”
* * * * *
“Hurry, we have to hurry,” I gasped worriedly. “How do we get her out of the bubble?”
Tio had already marched up to the thing. 
“Wait!” I cried out, as I sensed the bubble was filled with frozen air. However, Tio wasn’t waiting for anything.
With one lunge, he punched a hole into the bubble the size of a watermelon, and as I feared, a stream of freezing air came bursting out and crashed into him, sending him reeling backward.
Shags charged the bubble and ripped it open with his teeth as he moved aside and allowed the frigid air inside to blow into the atmosphere. 
Tio was up, and without hesitation, ran at the opening. 
Shags jumped on him, knocked him down, and with a short howl, launched himself inside the bubble.
A moment later, Shags had dragged the demon queen by her tattered gray gown to the opening. Tio pulled her out and into his arms.
She lay there limp in his arms, a smaller version of himself. She had long black hair and he stroked it as he called her name over and over.
“Solia, my queen…we are here, stop the illusion. It is sapping your strength, making you ill. We have the queen. She is safe. We have her sons—they, too, are safe. Stop the illusion.”
“She is unconscious. She doesn’t hear you, or if she does, she may think she is dreaming,” Grail said. “Put your palm to her forehead and see if you can reignite your mind-link.”
Tio immediately put his palm to his mate’s forehead and whispered, “I am here. I am here, beloved. End the illusion. You need to end it and regain yourself.”
Well, hell, that would have been too easy. 
Solia was in a weakened state. We weren’t even sure she could hear him, and then, shifting in, charging at us…Wrensly and ten of his warriors, all armed with Death Weapons!
* * * * *
Chaos took over. 
I stood apart for a moment as I tried to find a way to stop the Fae from killing us or getting killed. They were under an illusion. We had to find a way to save them!
Shouts, threats, magic against magic exploded around us. Weapons clashing against one another.
I ran to Solia and put my hand to her forehead and tried a soft invasion of her mind, something easy. Solia, end the illusion. Your mate is in danger. We are all in danger. We need your help. End the illusion.
Nothing!
I jumped up and sent a bolt of energy at one of the Fae warriors. I didn’t want to kill any of them, as they didn’t know what they were doing, but it sent him on his ass and would keep him stunned for any number of minutes.
I claimed his Death Weapon as my own and sent it into my ether. One down!
Nine more warriors, and Wrensly left to unman. Another Fae fell at my feet because it was Tio who was on top of him, screaming in demonize. I laughed as Tio relieved the Fae warrior of his Death Dagger. Tio was about to plunge the dagger into him but I stopped him with a scream, “No…not necessary.” Instead, while the Fae warrior was at a disadvantage, I shifted him to Grail. “Iron, put him behind the iron, raise up the bars.”
Grail grinned and attended to that. I smiled to myself, as his magic was so thrilling to watch. He returned to the fight in short order. Two down.
I wasn’t paying attention and didn’t see my half-uncle coming at me. All at once, Wrensly got to me from behind and had the dagger to my throat. 
One cut would end me. I wasn’t ready to die. My life with Grail had just begun. 
I called to Solia again. Solia…Wrensly will kill me if you don’t stop the illusion. You have the power to end this war. End the war. Solia!
Almost immediately, the Fae warriors went very still and stood looking at one another, and us, in some confusion!
She had heard me. Being free of the ice, she had regained just enough of herself. She had heard me.
Wrensly looked at his warriors and screamed, “What are you doing?”
He was distracted, and I used that moment to hurl my own Tribrid magic at him, which made him yelp in pain and jump away from me. 
I put my hand up for my Golden Wiele and dropped it on him, twirling my fingers at his feet so he was completely wrapped in the Golden Wiele’s power—from the top of his head to the bottom of his feet. No escape for him!
I turned to find Solia moving onto her elbow…looking for Tio. She had ended the illusion enchantment. It was over. It was actually over.
Ryeman was shaking and hugging one Fae warrior after another. They knew one another. The twins were doing the same. These Fae were friends, pitted against one another through an illusion.
I smiled to myself. Reality is often a hard truth to deal with…but damn, the truth is always better than a fantasy that can take you to all the wrong places.
Grail said, “All right then, Rye…time enough for that later. Let’s get the queen, her sons, and Tio’s queen to the palace, where we can heal them properly. Tell your people to bring Smoke’s father and uncle and meet us in the palace.”
My Grail never wasted time. He always dealt in reality and did what needed to be done. Damn, but I adore him. I threw myself into his arms and whispered in his ear, “I frigging love you, Dark Lord.”

~ Epilogue ~


WE STAYED A FEW DAYS longer at the palace than Grail, who wanted to get back to the running of his club, was pleased about.
He stayed for me. I needed that time with my father, uncle, and grandmother. My aunt returned from her honeymoon and I was pleased to meet her and her husband. It was such a joyful time for me, and Grail was completely understanding. However, my father was heartbroken to learn my mother had died while he had been held captive, and that so much time on earth had passed. He couldn’t believe he had missed my growing up.
He will need a period of grieving. He had lost so much.
My grandmother and I have become great friends in such a short time. We talked into the wee hours, and I gave her my point of view regarding her eldest son, Wrensly.
She told me that she would punish Wrensly by banning him to a realm where he could not escape.
“Oh no.” I was instantly shocked. “No, you must not do that. There is another answer.”
“And what may that be?” Her brow was up.
“Rye…Prince Ryeman told us about the Cauldron…how it wipes memories,” I said tentatively. 
She eyed me. “You think he should be taken to the Cauldron?”
“Yes,” I said. “I do. I think the answer is with the Cauldron.”
“Because?”
“Because he should have a second chance, one filled with a mother who loves him. Don’t you think?”
“Ah, you mean to blame me?” Her voice was cold.
“Sorta,” I said, undeterred.
She went very quiet and then hugged me close. “I was wrong, child, so wrong to deny your mother and you…as in the end, I denied myself, and I understand what a monster you must see when you regard me. I denied my firstborn son…and it was wrong. Pitifully wrong.”
My grandmother dissolved into tears. Told me that she rarely cries and we hugged for a long time before we came to the only conclusion that made any sense.
We are Fae with a great deal of power. Killing is not our way, and only used as a last resort. Banishment? No…he had been banished as a child, so to speak.
We decided together that she would take Wrensly to the Cauldron. The water in the Cauldron we believe comes from Lethe’s stream, which gives forgetfulness to those who would drink. Fae go there for relief because living forever can cause madness. A Fae goes to the Cauldron for blessed forgetfulness, and his family and friends are there to give aid when it is done.
My grandmother took Wrensly to the Cauldron, but she went a step further. She is the Dark King’s sister, after all, with formidable powers, and one her brother had taught her early on.
She gave Wrensly memories of a childhood filled with happy events, filled with her love, filled with her company, filled with family…everything he had missed.
She took those memories she had given him, and with my father’s, uncle’s, and aunt’s permission, installed them in their minds as well so they would all share the same dear and loving memories of one another.
“That is so kind,” I told her. “Now he can live a full life…as he should, as we all are entitled to do.”
“You say that, child, as though you didn’t think I could be kind?” my queen, my grandmother said.
“At first, I didn’t think you were kind…sorry, but how could I have guessed?” I said truthfully.
“You are quite right. I shall look to you in the future to be my conscience. You certainly were now, and thankfully so. It is a warming sight to see Wrensly laugh and interacting with his brothers and sister.”
“What of Wrensly’s father?”
“I have communicated with him. He knows the whole and will visit soon. Thankfully, Wrensly and his father are very fond of one another.”
Thus, I saw the three brothers begin their rule of Deatach as one family. I watched my grandmother’s satisfaction as she watched her grown children interact with affection, and I was filled with love.
Tio and Solia, who I am in awe of, took their leave of us, but not before Shags and Tio stood staring at one another.
Suddenly, Tio took Shags in an embrace, and as we all laughed, Tio told him fiercely that they would have many more adventures together. 
As we watched the king of demons and his mate step into the portal, I screamed out, “Soon…Solia, bring him to Hazard soon.”
She waved, and called back, “How could I not?”
As they vanished, I saw Grail pacing, and knew he had reached his limit. He needed to get back to his club. 
I laughed and hugged my grandmother warmly. She stroked my face.
“We have to go, but I will visit soon and often,” I told her before I left to say good-bye to my father and the family I had never known. 
Returning to New Orleans made me want to kiss the ground, I was so happy to be back home. Time runs differently in Deatach and an entire week had passed in the Human Realm. 
Sharon and Shags went off to their own place for much needed private time, and I thought that finally the right moment had come to tell my Holy Grail what I had recently discovered.
He took me onto his lap and said, “Okay, what is it you have been keeping a secret from me?”
“Not keeping a secret…waiting for the right time,” I said, and dropped a kiss on his lips.
“And now is the right time?”
“Oh yeah,” I said.
“Okay then…tell me,” he said.
Instead of blurting it out, I took his hand and put it on my belly. “What do you think our baby will be…I mean, Fae, vampire, earthly witch, and Dark Wizard…what….”
He cut me off by lifting me up in the air and spinning me in a circle. “A baby? A baby? Our baby?”
“Our baby, yes…” But I didn’t get to finish as his mouth was on mine.

CAN’T STOP-NEEDING 
Excerpt: Unedited.
 
Smoke
 
WE WERE HOME FOR THREE months after rescuing my dad…and well, everyone in Deatach.
I went to the swamp to collect some herbs reputed to help with morning sickness and saw her!
A beautiful russet colored wolf with dark markings, and she was surrounded by three gray wolves. The gray wolves had drawn blood, and I could see she was limping. I wasn’t about to allow this, so I raised my hand and sent each wolf flying. I made sure they came down hard before I shifted to the russet wolf.
She stared at me with soft golden eyes and I saw gratitude there. My heart went out to her, then everything after that was clinched when she made a small sound, one of pain, and licked some of her wounds. I knew at once she was a shifter and that she had sustained an internal injury. The blood flowed freely from her nose as she gave up licking and lay flat. She was trying to heal herself, but I knew she was in trouble.
I put my hands on her middle and felt my healing power stream through my arms, into my palms and into her.
She moaned before she lost consciousness.
I couldn’t leave her there. The bully wolves would wake and go after her. I had to shift her with me. So I did.
I stepped out with her lying flat into Grail’s inner office of our club, Hazard. He sat at his desk with a load of paperwork and jumped up and came toward me.
“Grail…could you lift her to the couch?”
Without answering, he did just that, but then turned to me and asked, “What happened? A pack dispute?”
“I have no idea. I was in the swamp when I saw three other wolves circling and attacking her. I couldn’t allow it, now, could I?”
He took me into his arms and rested his chin on the top of my head. “Of course, not you, never.”
The she-wolf opened her eyes and tried to transform into human. I touched her and said, “No…not yet, you need to heal.”
She flickered into human, her clothes ragged from the fight and bloodstained. “They want me dead,” she said. “Zen…the new alpha…” She passed out once more.
Shags stuck his head in the door. “We are out of…what do we have here?”
Grail eyed him thoughtfully. “What do you know about a new alpha named Zen?”
“Did he do that? I’ve heard he is vicious, but I didn’t think he would attack a she-wolf.”
“Vicious?” I said. “Would he have ordered this?”
“I’m not sure. He killed the alpha in a challenge to take over the West Haven pack. The old alpha’s mate was so distraught, she committed suicide, and Zen chased off most of the old alpha’s closest betas. That is about all I know.”
“Find out more,” Grail said quietly. “I like to know what I am dealing with…and I won’t have any of the wolves that did this in our club.”
“Got it, boss,” Shags said, and vanished.
I bent low and told the poor child, for she looked no more than nineteen or twenty, “Shift into wolf and complete your healing.”
Before she did, she took my hand and said, “Thank you…my name is V…they didn’t want me…”
* * * * * 
I was seven months into this pregnancy and sitting had become a trial by death. Once sitting, it was near impossible to get up. I am pretty sure this sucker inside of me is a giant.I was contemplating my sad situation when the door burst open and V, with her flame colored hair a mass of curls around her lovely face, came rushing at me. “Smoke,” she cried in that musical voice of hers. “Someone is here to see you! Someone incredible…handsome, and oh, so sexy!”
“Who…?” I started.
She cut me off by saying, “He says his name is Prince Ryeman of the House of Balter.”
I was surprised. We had just recently returned from a short visit to my family in Deatach and while there, Rye had said nothing about visiting us. He doesn’t care overly much for humans, or supernaturals.
I was about to tell her to invite him into the office when he shifted in and took my hand to bow low as he kissed my fingertips.
Slightly behind him, V rolled her golden eyes at me. I laughed and said, “Rye, what brings you here?”
“A matter of the greatest importance…we have a problem!” He turned and glanced at V. “We need to talk in private.”
“We are private. V is part of our team…our family. What is the problem?”
Rye was irritated. He doesn’t always behave nicely when he is irritated. He pulled a face and said, “The queen’s Hallows have been stolen and we believe have been brought here to this realm.”
“Stolen? Here? By whom?”
“A traitor from Queen Mab’s court!”
“Wait, what?”
“We need your Sounder ability to locate the Hallows.”
“Rye, my so-called ability has gone wonky because of my pregnancy. I am lucky if I find my way to the couch. I am afraid I am rather useless to you at the moment,” I said, frowning.
“I can help,” V’s little voice said as she stepped forward.
He eyed her, and snorted derisively. “You are a wolf. How could you help?”
She pulled a face at him and said, “Shows how much you know.”
“I know that a slip of a wolf…is not what I need,” he answered sharply.
“Did I say he was handsome and sexy? I take that back.” V’s voice was close to a growl.
I laughed. “Your superior attitude, Rye, doesn’t wear well in this realm. V is a hybrid shifter wolf and a Fae Seer. Fae can’t hide from her in Glamour or invisibility, and she is a Seer with the Sounder ability.”
“I don’t have a superior attitude,” Rye said, one brow up. “We Fae are superior to humans and supernaturals.”
V snorted, turned on her heal and walked out of the office.
“Seriously?” I shook my head at him. “You walk in here looking for help and insult my people?”
He sighed. “She is a bouncing child with no concept of how she should behave.”
“Funny that. You are not a child, and have no concept of how you should behave,” I said, and laughed at his expression.
“What do we do…we must find the Hallows!” he said.
“Well then, get over your Faeness because if you think you will find this villain and the Hallows he has stolen, you will need my sweet V!”
“V? What kind of a name is that?” he challenged.
I smiled. “A very good one…now what will it be?”

About Claudy Conn



Claudy Conn, a native New Yorker, now lives with her husband, Bob; Rocky Man, who weighs in presently at 190 pounds and their horse, Southern Pride.
 
She loves horses and riding and raised her ten-year-old gelding Southern Pride from the moment he was born. She also loves gardening, swimming, skiing, hiking, and travel—and of course, reading, writing, but no, she says, no arithmetic!
 
To get her monthly news, her reviews for all her new paranormal romances, and excerpts, come on and visit her at her website.

To see pictures of their hybrid wolf and his mother Cherokee now gone, have a look at her Facebook page!
For all her titles check out her amazon page: Claudy Conn
