
~*~
Caryn Elizabeth

~ THE GHOSTS OF ~
~ BLACKTHORN ~
R H Politz
Based on the story “After 2012”

Copyright © 2010 - 2020
Robert H Politz and Caryn E Christianson
All rights reserved
No part of this work may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the express written permission of the copyright holders.
For information regarding permissions, write to
Robert H Politz or Caryn E Christianson at:
9849 Masked Duck Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89117-8412

~*~
This is a work of fiction based on the original story
“After 2012”
By
R. H. Politz
Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.
Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, entities, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
***
Author’s Note
This is published to honor the requests of a very special group of people.

We hope you enjoy this tale of struggle and chaos in a world of danger, paranormal beings and magical wishes.

~*~

C O N T E N T S
The Secret Stairs
Spells and Curses
The Gift of a Name
The Counter-Spell
Bixby’s Treasure Hunt
The Silver Sheath
The Knight’s Dagger
The Ghosts of Blackthorn
A New Mission
Hestia’s Bracelet
Hestia's Warning
The Illusion
Reconstruction
The Secret Stairs
Every night was quiet and peaceful. Every morning began with dawn’s early light gently nudging them from sleep. Every day they looked forward to learning something new in Bixby’s class. –– But this day would begin in a very different way.
Toot-Toot-Teroooo… blared the thunderous sound of a long trumpet completely shattering the predawn silence.
Caryn bolted out of bed. “Holy buckets” she gasped. “What was that noise?” She rubbed her eyes, looked around, saw nothing unusual and yawned.
“Whew” she mused. “Must have been a nightmare. Okay then. It’s still dark…, better go back to sleep.”
She was just beginning to doze off when suddenly, another Toot-Toot-Toot –– –– Toot-Toot-Teroooo… roared through the air again. This was definitely not a dream.
“Jiminy Christmas, what’s happening now?” she grumbled as she stomped to a window and peered out into the darkness.  “Who is making that noise?  Geeze...!”
She grabbed a robe, slipped on her shoes and ran into the girls’ bedroom just as they were running out.
“Ouch! Football crash. Sorry Mom” giggled Julie.
“Football crash? Watch where you’re going doofus. You pushed me right into Mom.”
“Girls, this is not the time for an argument.”
“Oh, okay. Sorry Mom. But what is that awful noise?”
“Yeah Mom, did you make some kind of alarm clock or something?” chuckled Julie between yawns. “Cause it’s really early and…, it’s still dark. That’s totally weird.”
“No girls. Me, set an alarm clock? That’s funny.”
Once again the trumpet repeated its thunderous song.
Caryn covered her ears. “Wow, that’s loud.” Suddenly fear painted a horrified look on her face. “Oh no!  Maybe the owners came back and are going to kick us out. Or maybe it’s another army attacking us again, or––”
“C’mon Mom,” interrupted Amy, “Bart told us we belong here. Remember?  We’re supposed to be here.”
“Yeah” added Julie. “And he said we'd know if anyone else came here and you could banish them or something.”
“Oh, I totally forgot about that. You’re probably right Julie. Guess I’m just being a worrywart.”
Moments later, the tune changed.
Toot-Toot-Teroooo… –– –– Toot-Toot-Toot-Toot –– –– Toot-Toot-Teroooo…
“Wait a minute. That’s a pattern. It has to be some kind of signal. Two short and one long. Then four short, a pause and two more short with one long again. Someone is telling us something and I have no idea what it is.”
“Maybe it’s saying Attention Mom. You know, like a code kind of thing.”
“Well, we certainly can’t sleep with that noise blasting our eardrums. Bart might know what it means.  Come on kids.  Put something on your feet. We are going to the library.”
Lewis and Clark, however, had ideas of their own and ran off into the darkness. “Lewis... Clark...” yelled Amy trying to stop them. But they were already out of sight.
“Come on girls, let’s go” urged Caryn.  “They should be okay. They’re good at finding their way around.”
“But Mom, it’s still dark” argued Amy.  “Bart won’t be there until class-time and I have to go find them.”
Julie grabbed her sister’s arm and pulled her back into the bedroom.  “Mom’s right Amy. They’ll be okay.  Come on, let’s get our shoes on and go. It’s spooky in this dark hall.”
Wondering if they could even find Bixby at this early hour they ran down the stairs to the open library door.
Flickering light from the fireplace directly behind him allowed them to only see a silhouette of their stout teacher.  However, it was apparent that he was hurrying to get dressed.
When their eyes adjusted to the dim light they saw his concerned expression.  If he was alarmed, this situation had to be very serious.
“Bart, what is that noise?  What’s happening?”
“Oh…, you’re all here. Come, come… come quickly!  Follow me.  We must all hide until the danger has passed. Please hurry, hurry… this way.  We must go through the secret passage until we learn what is coming.”
He was still buttoning his shirt while hopping on one foot trying to put on his other shoe.  It was actually a bit comical watching him bounce across the room toward his closet.
Julie whispered, “Secret passage…?  Hey Amy, this could be fun.  We’re going to see another secret in this castle.  I wonder what it’ll be like.  Maybe it’s a dungeon.”
“Yeah Julie, a secret,” replied Amy with a frown.  “Exciting––not! I just want to go back to bed.”
They rushed into the closet and Bixby closed the door enveloping them in complete darkness.  Then, they heard the same loud clanking noises he made on that first day when they released him. Even Caryn, who could see fairly well in extremely dim light, was blind to what was happening.
“Bart… Bart…, Lord Bixby, what was all that clanking? Did you lock the door?”
“Yes Your Majesty, I did. Um, a moment please.”
Even in the pitch black darkness Bixby knew exactly what to do. With his right hand on one of the wall’s several stone ornaments, he pushed on another, turned it and the entire wall slid open revealing a well-lit hallway. It wasn’t a tiny closet after all, but instead, a portal to a hidden place secured from the world above.
“If you please Ma’am, Princesses..., this way.” He followed them in, stopped to pull down a lever and waited till the thick stone wall closed with a resounding thud.
“We are almost there. Please follow me.”
They hurried through the hallway, down a long flight of stairs and through a corridor to an underground room that was even larger than the great room above.
"Wow!” gulped Caryn. “Secret passage all right. This is another whole castle under the one we live in. Holy buckets!"
It was even more expansive and grandiose than their castle on the surface. She stared in awe until her gaze was interrupted by Amy pulling on her hand.
“Come on Mom.  We have to keep going.” 
“Oh. Right. Thanks. Wow! Let’s catch up to Bart.”
He led them to a beautiful ornate table with several comfortable chairs in a small alcove. It looked like a reading or study area, quite cozy in fact, but also rather strange to see such a place this far under the surface.
“There. Now please” –– Bixby put both hands on a chair and tried to catch his breath –– “please, make yourselves comfortable.”  His concerned expression faded and he changed back to his usual self. “Your Majesty, Princesses, would you like a cup of tea while we wait for the approaching creatures to be identified?”
Caryn’s face reddened slightly.  “Creatures…, Bart, did you just say creatures?”
“Yes Ma’am, I did, but please do not worry.  We are quite safe here. Nothing to be concerned about any longer. Now then, about that tea, do you prefer yours with lemon or cream and sugar?”
“Nothing to be concerned about, huh? You mean we’re really safe down here?
“Yes Ma’am.  We are. Perfectly.”
“Well then…” she began as she looked around. “Safe you say. All right. May I have it with lemon?”
“Certainly Ma’am. As you wish. And for you Princesses?”
“Can we have apple juice please?”
“Um, Bart, Amy likes apple juice but I like orange juice.”
Even after all the chaos, it was still one item for Amy and a different item for Julie. One could only wonder if they would ever agree on anything.
“Very well. I’ll return shortly with your drinks. Your Majesty… Your Highnesses…”  He bowed and disappeared around the corner.
While waiting for their drinks the girls looked around scanning the shelves on the room’s walls.
“Mom, look at all those books. They go way up to the ceiling. There are walkways and ladders up there too.”
“Yeah Mom. Amy’s right. I’ll bet some of those shelves open to the shelves in our library. Good catch Amy!”
“Good catch indeed Amy. You two may have just solved one of the mysteries we’ve wondered about for so long. Oh good. Bart is back. Ask him about the magical books girls.”
“Okay Mom. Bart, is this is where all those other books in the library came from and it wasn’t magic, it was someone changing them from the other side of the wall?”
“Yes Princess Amy, it is. Enjoy your drinks and relax. Then, I will show you more of our underground city. After all, you are the Royal Family down here as well.”
“City…, you mean there’s a whole city down here?”
“Yes Ma’am. And it is quite large.”
It was obvious that one person could not possibly keep such a large room so tidy. Every nook and corner was sparkling clean. Even the highest shelves showed no signs of dust or cobwebs.
“Bart, Are there other people living here?”
“Yes Ma’am, many. Shall I introduce them?”
“Of course. Yes. Absolutely. Wow! I never even thought of anything like this underground. It’s amazing!”
Bixby turned toward the empty hall, clapped his hands and announced, “My people, we have guests. The Royal Family visits us this morning. Please, send word and make yourselves presentable for an audience. Quickly now. Let us not waste their time.”
Then he turned to face Caryn. “Your Majesty, while we are waiting for them to assemble, I will explain. Artemus is always looking out over a very great distance from the donjon. If anyone or anything approaches, he warns us by sounding his trumpet. Those were the sounds that so abruptly ended our sleep this morning.”
“Artemus huh…? Well, that makes sense. He’s the only other one here. Or at least I thought he was. You said there are others. Do they know about us?”
“Yes Ma’am, they do. We have all waited a very long time for your arrival.”
“Our arrival…? Wait a minute. We didn’t even know we were coming here. How could you possibly know about us? Was it that big book…, is that what told you?”
“In a way Ma’am, yes, it did. We have been waiting for a new monarch to begin his––um, or should I say, her, reign but we knew not who it might be. By your own actions, you have accepted this great responsibility and the time has come to meet your subjects.”
Caryn contemplated what he meant.  Great responsibility…?  Oh boy, what have I gotten myself into this time?
Julie laughed. “Okay Bart, got it, Mom’s the boss. She always has been anyway. So what’s the deal on this alarm thing from Artemus that woke us all up?”
Amy was also curious. “Yeah, he was playing some kind of pattern but the song wasn’t very good. What’s the alarm mean and, what’s a donjon anyway?”
Julie may not have known about the alarm but she had been reading her book about the castle. “I know Amy. The donjon is that big tall tower.  And it has a kind of turret on top where you were trapped.  You know, Mom put a bird house up there, remember?”
Amy put her hands on her hips.  “Okay smarty, so what’s the alarm mean?”
“I don’t know.”  Then, Julie looked at Bixby. “Bart, what’s the alarm mean?”
Bixby smiled and continued. “You did, of course, notice the pattern? Since there were four short toots, Artemus is telling us that someone is approaching from the west. One toot of course would indicate north, two, the east and three would be south. A bit archaic perhaps but very effective and efficient. If they approach quickly we will hear another alarm very soon. If they proceed slowly, we will have to wait for days or possibly, even weeks.”
Caryn held her hands around the teacup, absorbing its warmth. “Okay. Someone is approaching. But, you said creatures. What did you mean when you called them creatures? Are they dangerous?”
“In times past Ma’am, creatures, other than humans, have indeed attempted to enter this valley. Whoever is approaching has not yet been identified. Until we know who, or what, they are, we refer to them as creatures.”
Caryn’s brows furrowed, the girls looked at each other and then back to Bixby. Questions and answers. It was just like being in class.
“Artemus can see about two hundred kilometers, or, as you would say, about one hundred twenty five miles, and they are coming from the west.”
“How can he see that far, does he have a telescope or something? Wow!”
“No Princess Amy. His vision is just one of his many gifts. They, whoever they are, are still very far away. In time we will know more. But, for now, please greet my friends.”
Although his words were reassuring, Caryn was still apprehensive. But her anxiety quickly abated when she saw hundreds and hundreds of people emerging from every corner and doorway assembling before them.
She spotted a beautiful young woman, slightly taller than Bart, guiding several boys and girls into a small group. As more groups formed, Caryn surmised they were families very similar to her own. Parents and children closed together for a formal introduction to their new Queen and her Heirs.
“Oh-my-goodness Bart! Oops. I mean Lord Bixby” –– Caryn suddenly realized the formality of the setting –– “Are all these people your friends? There are so many of them. If they all live down here… Wow. This really is a real city.  And it has to be huge!”
“Yes Ma’am, it is quite large. After we dispose of a few official procedures, I will tell you of its and this society’s beginnings. May I proceed?”
Caryn stared with mouth agape at the sea of heads that filled every inch of the huge hall and nodded.
Bixby stepped up to a podium situated at the left of the alcove, turned to face the people, held an open hand toward the Royal Family and announced:
“My people…! This is the day we have long awaited. Please welcome Her Majesty, Caryn Elizabeth the First, Her Highness, Princess Amy and Her Highness, Princess Julie.”
His mighty voice traveled throughout the great room to every corner and the Royal Family remembered that first day in the library. He needed no public address system.
“They released the locks on the Library door, returned my teaching suit and allowed me to once again do that which I love. They treat me with respect and a friendship I have never before known from any royal and have given me a formal name and title. They have also proven themselves to be kind and giving and deserve a long and happy sovereignty in our homeland. Please prepare a feast of feasts to celebrate this family’s arrival and note this day as the beginning of a new era.  A new reign has begun!”
Everyone bowed and then applauded. It looked like a tidal wave in a sea of heads, flowing back across the room and out through entrances overflowing with people.
Bixby held up his hands, everyone became quiet and he returned to his seat. This hidden society had been anxiously awaiting a new ruler and had obviously practiced their greeting in anticipation of the arrival.
Caryn found it quite coincidental that this celebration should happen a week after Christmas on January first. The first day of her new year turned out to be the start of their new era. Their calendars were now synchronized.
When people began discussing preparations for their celebratory feast, Bixby revealed another surprise.
“Your Majesty, Your Highnesses, please accept our apologies for having awakened you so early this morning. Very unpleasant I must say. Would you enjoy a morning bath and some new clothing? We have to wait a while so it could be a very pleasant diversion. And, we are perfectly safe.”
“A bath…, new clothes…? Boy, could we use some new clothes. That sounds awesome girls. What do you think?”
“I don’t have my toothbrush Mom.”
Bixby pulled three new toothbrushes from his pocket and held them up.  “Who wants the red one” he asked with his now familiar grin?
“Well” Caryn chuckled.  “That takes care of that problem Amy. Okay then. Please, show us the way.”
“The maids will escort you Ma’am…, Highnesses.”
As they followed the young ladies from the alcove to another hallway, the crowd applauded again. Caryn was feeling a bit embarrassed about her tattered night-robe and hurried to disappear from their view.
They were taken to an impeccably clean room where warm water from four large spouts filled a huge marble tub. It was large enough for a dozen people. Steps made entry easy and seats, built into the sides, provided luxurious comfort for its occupants. A woman poured green powder into one of the streams of water that foamed the surface and gave off a beautiful scent of rose petals colored with a hint of jasmine. Caryn knelt down, swished it in her hand and marveled at the aroma.  Expensive bath-oil beads..., I always wanted them but would never pay the price.  Wow, I have to try this!  
Her children, on the other hand, were not so anxious to disrobe in front of strangers. “Come on girls, don’t be shy. It’s like being in a spa, remember? Besides –– Whew –– you both really need a bath.”
Caryn disrobed, walked down the steps and took a seat. “See girls?  Oooooh yes. You’re gonna love this.”
“Come on Julie” said Amy as she followed her mother’s lead. “It’s like a big swimming pool full of soapy water.”
Julie looked around at the women in the room and grudgingly obeyed. As sponges and soap cleansed their bodies and awakened their minds, they were measured for new clothing.
“What’s your name?” Caryn asked of the maid who was skillfully massaging shampoo into her scalp.
“Um…, Your Majesty…, I am called Maid.”
“Maid…, just maid. Don’t you have a name?  What about the others? Do they have names?”
She appeared puzzled. “Of course Ma’am. I am ‘Maid’ and that little girl is ‘Child’ and so on.”
Maid…? Child…? Wow! That is just…, well, I don’t know what it is but I must have a lot to learn about these people.
Another maid who was holding a bolt of material had been kneeling near Caryn for quite some time.
“Uh, maid… maiden… um, person with the fabric in your hands…?”
“Yes Your Majesty?” This girl was not helping Caryn figure out what to call her.
“Why have you been kneeling there holding that fabric for so long?”
“Your Majesty, I shan’t speak unless spoken to and I present this bolt of cloth for your approval.”  She bowed her head and looked at the floor.
I think I already went through this––I shan’t speak unless spoken to––stuff mused Caryn. “Okay. Do you mean you want me to look at it? Is that what you’re waiting for?”
“Yes Ma’am.” She replied submissively.
“All righty then. I’m going to call you maid.  Is that correct or should I call you maiden?”
“Whatever Her Majesty wishes to ––”
“Stop right there! Yes, of course. And Yes Ma’am, of course and Her Majesty. You all say that don’t you.” 
Caryn stood, clapped her hands and announced: “Everyone… everyone! May I have your attention please? You all have permission to speak. And do not wait for me to speak to you first. Now does anyone have anything to say?”
Caryn’s order stunned every person in the room. They looked at each other wondering who would be courageous enough to speak. The maid holding the bolt of cloth was first.
“Your Majesty”, she began meekly, “do you desire this material for your new gown?” Then another spoke. “Your Majesty, if you would be so kind, please, your arm, may I measure it?” Then another and another until the room filled with conversation, smiles and laughter.
Several hours later, the Royal Family, followed by very happy smiling maids, emerged in their new luxuriously tailored apparel.
“This way if you please Your Majesty and Your Highnesses” said the maid who had escorted them in. They went to a very large dining hall where a huge gathering of people stood waiting for them to be seated at the head table. The room was silent, not even a breath could be heard.
Bixby was standing behind a long table that faced the enormous audience. Its position, elevated on the stage, allowed a clear view of the entire room. A monarch’s chair was positioned in the center for Caryn and four similar but smaller chairs were positioned two on each side.  Several less ornate but still very elegant seats extended outward to each of the table’s ends.
Caryn was guided up the steps to the center with Amy and Julie on one side and Lord Bixby on the other. He then raised his cup and began his announcement.
“The time has arrived.  We have a new monarch, a new reign, a new era.  This is our first gathering and therefore, should be toasted, celebrated and remembered. Mark this day!  So say I…! What say you all?”
Everyone, thousands of them, faced their new queen, raised their cup and responded in perfect unison: 
“The King is dead!  Long live The Queen!”
Then, they put down their cups and applauded.
Bixby motioned for Caryn, Amy and Julie to sit. Then he sat, the people sat and Caryn whispered, “Bart––um, I mean, Lord Bixby, why is no one eating yet? And they’re all just sitting there staring at me. What are they waiting for?”
“Your Majesty, until you take your first bite of food, they shall not eat. I suggest that you raise your glass to them, take a drink and then a bit of food.”
She raised her glass, held it up for a moment and took a sip. The people bowed their heads, raised their glasses toward her and drank. She ate a bite of potato. The audience bowed their heads and then started eating. Their bows and movements were very precise and executed like a well-trained drill team. It was impressive. But it was now time for them to enjoy the “Feast of Feats”.
“Lord Bixby, that was awesome. They must have practiced that or done it to some kind of cadence that I couldn’t hear. For a minute, I thought they were going to eat by the numbers too.  Wow!”
“Begging your pardon Majesty but, what is ‘eat by the numbers’?”
Caryn laughed.  “Oh, eat by the numbers, something I saw in a movie about Annapolis once. Sorry, just another American metaphor.”
“Oh, I see.  Well, as I mentioned Ma’am, we’ve been waiting for this day for some time so everyone practiced this event in the hope you would be pleased.”
“Lord Bixby, all of this is… well…, it’s absolutely wonderful. But it’s also a bit overwhelming. You'll to have to teach me all the royal things I’m supposed to know so I don’t look quite so stupid.”
Bixby squinted for a moment. “Is that what you believe Ma’am, that you are stupid?”
“Well, that’s what I feel like right now.”
“Her Majesty stupid…?  Never!  Inexperienced perhaps, unfamiliar with our ways certainly, but never stupid. I assure you Ma’am, that you already possess the necessary traits to be this land’s ruler. You just don’t realize it yet.”
Caryn sighed. “Well…, if you say so. I just wish I were as confident as you.”
Julie reached in front of her sister, tapped Caryn’s arm and asked, “Hey Mom, do you think we might be able to get some softball teams going?  There are a lot of kids down here. Maybe some of them will want to play.”
Caryn laughed. “Still with the softball huh? I don’t know honey but, we’ll ask Lord Bixby later.”
“Oh, you’re calling him Lord Bixby instead of Bart Mom. Okay, I get it! This is a formal thingy… I mean setting, huh?”
“Yup Julie, I think it is definitely a formal thingy.  Now let’s eat some of this scrumptious food!  Bart… oops, I mean Lord Bixby wasn’t kidding when he said a feast of feasts!”
They enjoyed a delightful meal, chatted about many things and thoroughly enjoyed being with this happy group of underground citizens but Caryn still had the word creatures on her mind.
“Lord Bixby, the creatures… when will we know… and what do you think they are?”
“Perhaps, Ma’am, I should not have used that word at all.  They may be just people like yourselves but whoever they are, we will know long before they are ever near. Again, we are perfectly safe down here. There is no need to be concerned.”
“Well..., I suppose that’s reassuring.  Okay, maybe I should just give it a rest.”
“Rest…? Oh, of course Ma’am. Do you wish to rest now?  I will have a bed prepared immediately for you to––”
Caryn burst out laughing. “Not a bed for me to rest in.  That’s not what I meant. I’m sorry, that’s just an expression. I meant I should just forget about the creatures for now.”
Bixby looked puzzled.  “Forget? Oh. Rest means forget. I see, at least I think I understand.  When you say, give it a rest, you mean to forget about something. Quite interesting.”
“I think some of our expressions are as hard for you to understand as yours are for me.”
“So it would seem Ma’am. Earlier, you asked me to teach you about royal protocols but it appears that there is much you can teach me as well.”
“Then, Lord Bixby, we shall do our best to learn what we can from each other. I don’t know if I can teach the teacher much that he doesn’t already know but I’ll give it a go.”
“That, my Queen, sounds absolutely splendid.”
An hour later, lines of people cleaned tables and carried dishes out of the room as others entered with fresh place settings. In minutes, the entire room was reset and spotless.
Caryn was amazed at their efficiency.  “Wow! Look at that. The whole room is ready for the next group of people.  Lord Bixby, do they do everything that quickly?”
“Why yes Ma’am. Working as a team is far more efficient than having everyone run willy-nilly.  Given your own experience managing a butler services department, I'm sure you would agree.”
“Yes, of course I agree. But the hardest part is training everyone to” –– Suddenly, Caryn realized what Bixby just said and caught herself in mid-sentence –– “Wait a minute. Did you just say butler department?  How could you know what I did before coming here?”
“That information was also written in the large book in the library, just after your names.  You may remember my reading from it on that first day.”
“Oh I remember all right!  The huge book that we couldn’t even pull from the shelf that said we were royalty. What else is in there?  Oh, and by the way”–– Caryn leaned over and whispered to Bixby ––“I’m still completely embarrassed about insulting you with our laughter that day. I hope you’ll forgive us.”
“I hold no grudge Ma’am. After reading the additional information about your past, I fully understood why you would be so skeptical about such a statement. Further, a servant should never harbor such emotion from any monarch’s words or action. Therefore, there is nothing to forgive.”
“Well, you’re no longer a servant. You’re my advisor and I rely on you to guide us.”
“Thank you Ma’am.  Now, if it pleases you, we can retire to a sitting area where I can answer your questions and tell you of how this city came to be.”
With all of the pomp and circumstance and royal treatment, Caryn couldn’t help but feel like a queen.  Even her vocabulary was changing.
“Very well Lord Bixby. Children…, shall we?”
Amy played along with a curtsy. “Okay Mom, um, I mean, Your Majesty. As you wish.”
Julie wasn’t as enthusiastic about being proper. “Okay you guys, you’re really getting into this royal thing but I’m not going to start bowing every time I have to say something!” She looked at Caryn. “I really don’t have to…, do I Mom?”
“No honey, but it is kind of fun. Don’t you think?”  Julie frowned.  “Oh come on pumpkin, don’t worry. I’m still me. Come on. Let’s go hear Bart’s story.”
Julie changed her mind and decided to play along.  “Yes Your … um, Your Majesty… or, Queen. As you wish.”
Caryn laughed. “Cool…! Way to go Julie.”
Once again, Bixby looked puzzled.  “Ma’am, the princess does not have to show us the way. I am happy to guide you to the sitting area.”
This time, Caryn looked puzzled.  “Julie show us the way…?  What do you mean… show us…?” Then it struck her. “Oh right. I get it.  Sorry. Way to go is another one of our expressions.  It means good job or well done.”
“Ah, well done, I see. Way to go means well done… hmm… I’ll have to write these metaphors down to remember them all. Well then, please follow me.”
As the girls followed Caryn and Bixby, Julie nudged her sister’s arm. “Bart’s going to tell us another story Amy. I’ll bet it’s going to be a good one!”
“Why Julie…, what makes you think that?”
“I don’t know. I just have a feeling it’ll be good.”
“I hope so. It’ll give me something to think about besides where Lewis and Clark are and if they’re okay.”
~*~
Spells and Curses
Bixby took them to another private room where a young man in a black tuxedo waited. After they were comfortably seated he asked, “Shall I bring Her Majesty and Her guests a beverage of coffee, tea or lemonade?”
“Oh, yes. May I have iced tea please?”
“Of course Ma’am. As you wish.”
“Oh boy. There’s that, as you wish, thing again.  Okay, everyone. What would you like?”
The girls asked for lemonade. Bixby chose iced tea.  Then, while they waited for their drinks to be served, he began explaining about the city and its origin.
“All of this was created quite some time ago during the reign of King Leopold, a greedy cruel man who cared only about expanding his kingdom. He sent armies to conquer town after town and village after village but it was never enough.”
“Wow! He sounds like a megalomaniac who cared nothing about others and never stole enough to satisfy his insatiable greed. I used to work for someone like that.”
“I believe you refer to a man called Dempsey. Yes?”
“How did you know about...? Oh, right. The book. Never mind. Sorry for the interruption. Please continue.”
“Yes Ma’am. I and most of the people you have seen here this morning once lived in a large village on the edge of what is now called Blackthorn Forest when it was a lush green garden full of life and beauty. When his soldiers attacked our peaceful society we resisted but they were too many and we were not skilled in the art of warfare.”
Having experienced a similar turmoil, Caryn’s expression turned to one of sympathy as she listened ever more closely to Bixby’s account of their past.
“Those of us who survived were brought here as slaves. There were more of us then. Over the next few years he continued razing town after town and city after city. Eventually, his prisons and servants quarters became so overcrowded, he decided to use people for entertainment by having them fight, one against the other, to the death.”
Bixby’s eyes became tearful as he paused to sip his iced tea and take a deep breath to regain his composure.
“Bart, it’s okay if you don’t want to talk about this. It’s okay my friend. We can talk about something else.”
“Ma’am, I said I would tell you about how this underground city came to be and I will do just that. I apologize and beg your forgiveness for my display of emotion.”
“No apology is necessary. Let us do something else, something that will bring back your beautiful smile.”
“Thank you Ma’am. But I must continue so you will learn more about your subjects and your realm.”
“Okay. Then, as you wish Lord Bixby.”
The as you wish phrase made Bixby smile.
“Leopold decided to entertain himself and eliminate his overcrowding problem at the same time. Each week more and more of his soldiers would come to view these games wherein our people were sacrificed for their gristly entertainment. It was a terrible practice that we were unable to stop.”
“That is totally barbaric! What did you do?”
“There was nothing we could do. But when I was advised that his children could not read or write, I sent a message requesting an audience. If he granted such an audience and disliked the message, the person was killed in whatever way the king ordered…, right then and there.”
“So, you knew he might have you killed but you did it anyway? Gutsy move! It must have gone okay though. You’re still here. So, what did he do, what happened?”
Bixby paused.  “Gutsy move..., hmm, another expression...?”
“Oops. Sorry. Means it was a brave thing to do. What were you trying to accomplish?”
“I don’t believe I was brave. In fact, I was extremely fearful I would be his next victim. However, I could not find it within myself to allow this terrible situation to continue and hoped I could convince him to strike an agreement.”
“That sounds very scary. What happened?”
“I was indeed scared, shaking with fear in fact. But during that meeting, I plead my case by first presenting the facts that supported my position and then attempting to convince him of the wisdom of my plan. If his children and those special people of his choosing learned to read and write, they could then record his 'brave adventurous deeds' for everyone to know long after his passing.  His legacy of greatness would be stored forever in the annals of the land he ruled so well. And stories of the great hero king would be told from one generation to another forevermore.”
“Ha! That was smart.  You appealed to his monstrous ego. Oh… sorry for interrupting again.  Please, go on.”
“Yes Ma’am!” He took another sip of tea, cleared his throat and continued.
“I also told him such written stories could be sent to other kingdoms where they would learn of his strength and thereby be induced to submit to his will without a fight.  For those who did not immediately surrender, he still had his soldiers to defeat them. The knowledge I could teach him and his family would only add to his power and greatness.”
“Whew, that’s quite a presentation.  How did he react?”
“He agreed that this would be a valuable thing. And, since he considered himself a great negotiator, asked at what price this long term arrangement might be done. I agreed to always be in the library to teach whomever he sent as long as all of our people would be removed from his games and allowed to live in peace. He thought for a moment and asked what he would do for his entertainment.  I convinced him that his children would relate new and hither-to-fore unknown things. And from their new knowledge, he would always be entertained in new and exciting ways. The idea pleased him so he pronounced to the court that I would be known as ‘Teacher’ and that his children would become even more powerful and great as the years went on.”
“So, you won your case. Way to go… or, um, well done.  Sorry. I couldn’t resist that.  Go on, how did it work out?”
Bixby smiled.  “Ah, way to go, and, well done, I understand Ma’am.”
“See, it’s easy, and we both learn.  Continue with your story please.”
“The King issued new orders and all of the slaves were sent to the dungeons of this castle. I was relegated to the Library to begin my school. Over the next few years, I was not allowed contact with anyone down there and always wondered how they were surviving.
Although we are a resourceful people, I constantly worried about their food, water and living conditions. At least, they were no longer being slaughtered in his games so I continued to teach.”
When the butler arrived with a tray of fresh drinks, he stood, silently waiting. Caryn, failed to notice his presence at first. She was deep in thought about Bixby’s story and thinking of terrible supervisors she'd endured. Fortunately none of them were as sadistic as their King Leopold.
Julie tapped her on the arm.  “Mom…, the butler is here. Do you want another tea?”
“Huh…? Oh, sure, yes. That would be nice. Lord Bixby would you like another?” He nodded.
When the butler placed fresh drinks on the table and picked up the empty glasses, Caryn looked at him. “Thank you. What is your name?”  He looked puzzled.  “Oh that's right, I forgot, no names here. So what should I call you…, butler…, person with the tray…, umm, young man?”  He bowed but said nothing. “Okay. Well then, thank you young man.” He bowed again and silently retreated out of sight.
Caryn watched him disappear, shook her head and turned back toward Bixby. “Butler or young man. That’s like maid or child, totally confusing. I’ve never heard of such a thing. Bart, this lack of names situation has to change.”
“Ma’am, such a change can be done only by our Monarch.”
“And I am that Monarch. I understand. But, I’ve interrupted again and your story is really interesting. Please continue.  You were saying…?”
“Yes Ma’am, where was I…?  Oh yes, the King’s children. One day, The Queen ordered that I teach their two eldest sons about charm, etiquette and how to win the woman of their dreams. But when the King found out what they were learning, he became furious. To him, this was a despicable weakness. His sons would not ever woo a woman to win her heart. Instead, they would just take whomever they pleased.”
“He got mad because you were teaching his sons manners? Wow, this Leopold guy sounds like a piece of work. What happened?”
“He told his sons… um… I’m sorry Ma’am. What is a piece of work?”  Caryn laughed. Bixby took a deep breath and chuckled. “Ah, another metaphor.  Well, he told his sons to leave the library, ordered his guards to strip me of my teacher’s suit and lock me in the closet. Then I heard him order them to permanently seal all openings to the dungeons.”
Caryn was beginning to wonder if this was a true story or a fairy tale. But this place, these people and this castle made it all too real. She couldn’t help thinking it was some kind of delusion, that they had never really survived the war, that she was just dreaming or was in a coma of some sort. 
Bixby took a sip of tea and continued his incredible account.
“I was terribly angry at this dreadful king’s awful deeds. He had, or so I thought, killed everyone I knew by trapping them in a permanent stone grave and leaving them to die of thirst and starvation. I had never felt such anger. So, out of rage and vengeance, I called upon the mystic book of curses and spells and caused our lush green land of flowers and forests to be transformed into a black thorny thicket devoid of all life. Our beautiful villages would then be of no further value to this terrible oppressor.”
Caryn was drinking her tea when Bixby said “mystic book of curses and spells” and almost choked on the liquid. After a couple of coughs, she caught her breath.
“Wait a minute. Hold on. Mystic book of… are you telling us that there really are curses and spells?”
“Why yes Ma’am, I am relating things that happened here long ago as I remember them. Perhaps this is too much for you to grasp at this time. If so, I would be happy to show you our city now and finish this account at some later time.”
“No, no, continue. I want to hear the rest of this tale. So, you transformed your village, then what?”
“Unbeknownst to me, his armies were encamped out there and trapped by my spell. They are now lifeless ghostly creatures imprisoned within that dark cold purgatory.”
Julie nudged her sister.  “See Amy, there really are ghosts and monsters.”
“Shush” Amy whispered back. “This is cool!  I want to hear the rest of it.”
“Thinking that I would soon die of starvation, I continued to recall and recite curse after curse until, after a few days, there were no more sounds of any kind. It was as if all activity had ceased.”
Caryn tilted her head and raised one eyebrow. “So you cursed everyone away…, and that’s why this place was empty when we arrived?  Why is it that you didn’t starve to death?”
“Because Ma’am, days later, I was awakened by the sound of stones being removed from the back wall of my closet prison and greeted by one of the people from my own village. We walked down to the dungeons where I discovered that they had all banned together and turned this bleak place into a reasonably comfortable home. They had certainly not been idle during those years while I taught above.”
Amy and Julie looked at each other and whispered, “Wow, what a cool story!”
Bixby paused to take another drink of tea but the girls were impatient.
“What happened next” asked Julie?
“Yeah, don’t keep us in suspense” pleaded Amy.
Bixby put down his tea, smiled and continued.
“Although they had made this place comfortable, we were all trapped here by my own words. I had called upon a spell to protect the dungeon inhabitants by encasing them in a shield from all the other spells I created. But little did I know that I was also trapping them inside that shield until the spell was lifted. Since I am not a skilled sorcerer, I was not able to cast a counter-spell to remove the prison I had created for us all.”
Caryn pictured a dark, wet dungeon that imprisoned all those people in its cold blackness.  “So, you… everyone has been trapped down here for… how long has it been?  And”–– She looked around –– “none of this looks like a dungeon. It’s quite beautiful in fact!”
Bixby smiled. “I am happy you like it Ma’am. Over the centuries, many things have been improved. There are ventilator shafts that bring in the reflected sunlight”–– Bixby held up his hand, pointing toward the brightly lit ceiling ––“and, we've constructed many tunnels to different parts of this valley. Living quarters, streets and recreational areas were also added making it a complete city.”
Caryn looked at the ceiling, the beautifully decorated walls and the spotless condition of everything around them. It was difficult to even imagine it had ever been a dungeon. “Well, improved is quite an understatement I think.”
Bixby accepted Caryn’s compliment with a bow of his head. “Thank you Ma’am. The work here, done by everyone, has benefited everyone but, we are still trapped.”
Caryn was puzzled. “All of this must have taken a long time to do. You said something about centuries. Has everyone been here for that long, and if so, how can that be?”
“Yes Ma’am, I did mention centuries.  At first, we concentrated on survival and paid no attention to time, but as the years went by, we discovered that no one grew older nor did anyone have more children. We were as we were. But, given our prior circumstances, we were happy to just live in peace and learned once again to enjoy each and every day.”
“Whew, living for centuries, never getting older and having a beautiful home, it sounds like a utopia.  What did you do during all of this time?”
“I spent most of it teaching the people who wanted to learn. But eventually, we reached a point where I could teach them no more and I greatly missed having new students in my class. Many times I would sleep in the library closet hoping that someday, I could enter the library proper. I often dreamt of a new ruler that would do as you did and allow me to, once again, perform the duties I so love. When Princess Julie assembled the puzzle, it awakened me but I was completely unprepared. Thus, my disheveled appearance on that first day. And I am still embarrassed to have met you in such an untidy and ill prepared state.”
Caryn leaned back in her chair. “Whew, amazing! That’s quite a story. But if you couldn’t get out of the closet, how did you change the books on the library shelves?”
“Why…, from the back Ma’am. I even forgot to completely close the access panels once or twice but your daughters never noticed the opening behind the books.”
“Access panels behind the books?” Caryn laughed. “Well, that explains a lot! Are there also secret passageways in the castle upstairs?”
“There are many Ma’am but most are not listed in the book of plans you found.”
Caryn leaned back, put her hands over her face and mumbled. “Incredible. That’s really incredible; dungeons and spells and curses…, absolutely incredible!”
It seemed just too fantastic to believe it was anything other than mere imagination and fantasy. She took a long breath and clasped her hands with both index fingers over her lips. An expression of deep thought flushed across her brow.  She looked at the girls, then at Bixby.
“Tell me Bart. Just how large is this underground complex or city or whatever it is?”
“It is very large and would take months to see all of it. Allow me to show you the city center first Ma’am. I think you will all find it enjoyable. Princesses,”–– he looked at the girls –– “would you like to play with the other children?”
Their reply was a resounding, “Yes please!”
“Right then, just go to the end of this hall, through that doorway and turn to the right. Follow the corridor a short distance and in the square you will find many children playing. I'm sure they will welcome you into their games.”
Caryn was apprehensive about her children running off alone.  “Aren’t we going with them?”
“It is completely safe Ma’am.  Although my people are trapped down here and cannot get out, neither can anyone else get in. There are no dangers and no harm can come to them.”
Caryn looked at her daughters and grabbed their hands.  “Ummmmm… I’m not so sure about letting them––”
Julie pulled on her hand.  “Come on Mom, we’ll be okay. Bart said it’s safe and we haven’t had anyone to play with for a long time. Please...?”
Amy pulled on her other hand. “Yeah Mom, come on, we want to go play. We’ll be fine, Bart said so.”
Caryn grudgingly let go. “Well…, I suppose. Okay. Go have some fun. But be careful!”
“Thanks Mom!” The girls ran down the hall and disappeared through the door in a flash.
"All right then, let's start the tour!"
"Yes Ma'am, this way if you please."
Bixby escorted Caryn through a different exit, down a long beautifully decorated hallway and out onto a veranda that faced a very wide and deep cavernous area. A bright perfectly manicured garden of hedges, flowers and sculptures, bordered by a forest of hardwood trees slightly swaying in the breeze stood before them.  Had they returned to the surface?  No… they were still underground.  The view had all the appearances of their beautiful valley, sans the blue sky. These people had created their own underground world, and had done an incredibly remarkable job.
“This is amazing! I can’t believe what I’m seeing Bart.  How is all of this possible?”
“As I mentioned Ma’am, we are a resourceful people and, we've had the help of others.”
Caryn was gazing in awe at the when a white dove flew from the forest and landed right in front of them.
“Good day Hestia” said Bixby!  “I see that you’ve come to once again welcome our new Royal Family, yes?”
“Bart, is this the dove that led us here…, the one that Artemus was talking about?”
The air swooshed and the dove changed into a tall strong woman in Greek looking garb holding a staff.  Caryn jumped and put both hands over her mouth.
“Holy chocolate covered bananas…! Did you just…?
Hestia –– the dove, now a human –– bowed her head.  “Yes Your Majesty. I am that dove, however, this is my true form. May I ask, what is a chocolate covered banana? ”
Caryn was speechless. She looked at Bixby with a wide open dumbfounded smile.
Hestia turned toward Bixby. “Good day teacher. I am happy that our new monarch has given you a name. Bartholomew Bixby, Lord of the Library. It is quite fitting, and long overdue.”
“You are Hestia and you know about Lord Bixby’s name? A minute ago, you were a bird. And now, you’re a person. Oh-my-gosh! This is way too weird. I think my imagination has finally gone totally bonkers.” She closed her eyes and put both hands over her face trying to comprehend what just happened.
Bixby touched Caryn’s shoulder. “Ma’am, are you all right?  Are you not feeling well?  Is there anything I can ––”
“Lord Bixby, she is fine. Her Majesty is merely trying to determine if she is imagining my unannounced entrance.”
Caryn opened her eyes and looked straight at Hestia. “Am I...? Dreaming that is.”
“You are not Ma’am. Nor are you insane or experiencing hallucinations. This is all very real.”
“Real… you say this is all very real?”  Caryn reached out and touched Bixby’s arm.
“Your Majesty, I am… um, I am real. Am I not?”  As if Bixby were starting to doubt his own existence, he touched his other arm. “Yes. Yes, I believe so. Yes Ma’am, I am real.”
Caryn chuckled at Bixby’s reaction. Then, she touched Hestia. “As you can feel Ma’am, all of this, everything you see around you is quite real.”
She looked around, put her hands back on her face and shook her head. “Whoa. Then that means fantasies… fairy tales… invisible people and who knows what else… all of these unbelievable things, are real? Come on now. What’s really going on here and exactly how did I get here anyway?”
Bixby looked at Hestia with a questioning expression.
Caryn put her hand on his shoulder. “I’m sorry Lord Bixby. But the explanation you gave in class just can’t account for all this.” She looked at Hestia. “All right, a question. You, Hestia, acknowledge that I am your queen. Is that correct?”
Hestia bowed and said, “Yes Ma’am. That is correct.”
“Then, as your queen, I will ask you another question. Will you answer truthfully?”
“Of course Ma’am, what is your question?”
Caryn looked at them both for a moment and then said a single emphatic word. “Why?”
Hestia bowed her head and answered without hesitation. “Your Majesty, when your previous society chose to wage war and destroy itself, I took the form of a dove and flew above your lands searching for people of good heart. You were the first. And, upon checking the book of prophesies, I saw that you had been chosen to bring this valley back to its rightful state. I showed you the way and, happily, you chose to follow. Your destiny, your future and the future of this valley is just now beginning to unfold.
As this occurs, I will always be near although not necessarily visible or in a form you recognize. Sometimes, I will be able to help but there will be other times when I can only observe. Therefore, I suggest you to learn all that you can and be very careful and thoughtful in your decisions.”
With her greeting and subtle warning delivered, the air swooshed again, she turned back into a dove, flew to the forest and disappeared into the thick green foliage. Bixby smiled as Caryn began mumbling.
“Hestia can turn into a bird. Is she a Greek Goddess who carries a staff…?  A staff… what’s that all about?  What does she do with it, herd sheep or something?” Caryn looked at Bixby.  “Incredible…! Absolutely unbelievable…. This has to be real ‘cause, no one could ever make this stuff up.”
Suddenly, she thought of her children. “Amy and Julie, are they...?”
“They are fine Ma’am.  Come, we'll go see them and then I'll show you more of our city.”
Caryn looked back at the beautiful forest scene. “Wow!” was all she could say as they walked out through the hallway but she was still mumbling when they found the children.
“Ah, here we are Ma’am. Now, let us see, hmm…  Oh yes, I see them.  Just there. You can see the Princesses having quite a lively conversation with that group by the corner wall. It appears they are having a great deal of fun as well.”
Both girls were talking, waving and pointing as if to tell the others how to do something. Caryn wasn’t sure but, it looked like they were trying to teach how to play softball.
“Shall we join them Ma’am?”
“No, not yet Bart.  Let’s just watch for a while.  This could be interesting.”
A smile crept across her face and the valley’s new Queen was happy to see her children once again enjoying themselves in the company of others their own age. She wondered how far this new activity might develop. Would they create several softball teams or, perhaps, an entire league?
“Yes Lord Bixby, this could be very interesting. Let’s find a seat and watch.”
“Yes Ma’am." Bixby looked around.  “Perhaps over there… on those steps.”
“Okay. That looks good.  Let’s go.”
The steps were broad and very wide but made of stone and Bixby was concerned about the Queen’s comfort. “I’ll have someone bring pillows for you Ma’am.” He started to raise his hand but Caryn stopped him.
“No, don’t worry about that.  I think we’ll be just fine.”
The children had already sewn some material together into a reasonably usable softball and had outlined a diamond. Amy was showing another child how to hold a makeshift bat and they started their game. Soon, a crowd of spectators gathered to see this new unknown sport develop.
“Um, begging your pardon Your Majesty. May we watch the children from this spot?” asked a young woman.
“Oh… Spectators… Fans…!  Yes, of course.  Please, all of you, let’s watch the children play softball.”
The steps filled with people, each one bowing to their Queen before sitting, and she could hear them asking each other, “Softball, what is softball?”  The question went from one to the next but, no one could answer.
Caryn whispered to Bixby, “It seems that this is a new game to them as well.”
Julie threw a slow pitch but the girl just watched it go by so Amy showed her how to swing when it crossed the plate. They tried a few more pitches and the girl hit it.
Julie caught the ball after one bounce and threw it to the boy at first base but instead of catching it, he jumped out of the way so the girls walked over to explain his part in the game and they tried again. Another pitch, another hit, another throw; this time, the boy caught the ball. Amy and Julie cheered, clapped and continued teaching the rest of the children making sure each one got to hit and catch.
Caryn watched their progress and listened to the spectators’ questions about this strange new game until the light started to dim. She looked up at the high ceiling. “Lord Bixby, I think it’s almost time for dinner.”
“Yes Ma’am. I believe it is. Pardon me for not noticing but watching the way the Princesses teach is most entertaining.” Then he stood, clapped his hands and announced: “Wonderful, wonderful children. But it is now time for the evening meal.” Once again, his strong voice was heard throughout the huge square.
The spectators rose, bowed to their Queen and dispersed, still commenting on this unfamiliar game. And the children…, oh the ‘high-fives’ and smiles were abundant as they chattered and laughed about this ‘softball’ game.
“How long have you been watching us” asked Amy when they ran across the square to Caryn and Bixby?
“Yeah Mom, did you see that tall boy on first base?  He’s going to be really good.”
“We’ve been here for a while. Did you have fun?”
“Yeah Mom. It was great and these kids are cool too!”
“Wonderful. That’s super. But now it’s time to get cleaned up for dinner.  And girls…”
“Yeah Mom.”
“Today, you don’t have to do dishes afterwards.  How’s that for a treat?”
Amy and Julie slapped each other’s hand with a 'high-five' and exclaimed, “YES!”
It was a fun filled day followed by a delicious dinner, a warm bath, and a peaceful sleep in soft comfortable beds. "Wow," Caryn mumbled as she thought about her children playing softball. It was good to see them having fun. Then she thought of her responsibilities. Could she live up to everyone’s expectations?  Fear of failing to be as others expected was one of her greatest worries weighing heavily on her mind.
“Bart will teach me. I will learn how to be their Queen. I will… I shall… I have to! Those people are depending on me and I will not let them down..., not-going-to-happen!”
With a long sigh, a deep breath and tired eyes, she snuggled up to her pillow and fell asleep wondering what tomorrow would bring.
~*~
The Gift of a Name
Dawn, that beautiful misty part of the day when sunlight begins to warm the earth and brighten the landscape with strong saturated colors from every leaf, flower, shrub and hillside; the beginning of another cycle for most, the end of a cycle for night dwellers.
Orange-yellow rays flowed through the mirrored sun vents, down the shafts and across the ceilings gradually lighting the underground bedrooms with their soft blush and The Royal Family stirred from their luxurious sleep.
Caryn rubbed her eyes wondering what other fantastically unbelievable surprises she would encounter on this day. With a slow languishing stretch, she pulled the covers over her head and began to doze. It felt good to be lazy for a little longer. But then…,
 Toot-Toot-Toot –– –– Toot-Toot-Teroooo…!
“Jiminy Christmas! Now what’s happening?”
The girls sprang from their beds and ran into Caryn’s room when the sound echoed throughout the entire underground city. “What is it now Mom?  Are we going to have to run somewhere else this time? I haven’t even had time to brush my teeth yet.”
 “Here we go again.” said Amy nonchalantly with a yawn. “At least it’s daylight this time. I wonder what this alarm’s going to be about.”
Toot-Toot-Toot –– Toot –– Toot-Toot-Teroooo…!
Julie recognized the pattern. “Hey, there’s only one toot in the middle.  Remember what Bart said?  Someone’s coming from the north. One is north, remember?”
Artemus continued his message but, this time, it was different. Toot-Toot-Toot-Toot –– Toot-Toot –– Toot…!
After a short pause he played the same staccato notes again. Four, two and one. A new pattern had emerged.
Amy stifled another yawn and tried to shake herself awake. She rubbed her face with both hands. “Whew! Okay smarty-pants, what does that one mean?”
Julie listened with her mouth open, ready to answer but was unable to figure it out.  “Uh… well… it’s two in the middle and… um… maybe east, but the end is different.”
“Yeah…. So…, what does it mean?”
Julie scowled. “Okay Amy, I don’t know.”
Just then, a young woman knocked on their door and peered in. “Good morning Your Majesty, Your Highnesses. Your breakfast will be served whenever you wish.”
She started to leave but Caryn stopped her.  “Oh, hey, oh… wait a minute please… wait ma’am… uh, maid…!”
The maid had only turned to take supplies from a cart. But hearing Caryn’s order, she spun back around and stepped in through the doorway.  “Yes Ma’am…?”
“The alarm… Artemus’ trumpet, what does it mean?”
The maid walked in and placed fresh towels and clothing on the bed. “One toot in the center Ma’am means that the approaching creatures are north of us and the second series of four, two and one mean they are within sight of vantage point number four-twenty-one.”
Caryn cringed a little. “There’s that creatures word again.  What kind of creatures are they? Does anyone know yet?”
“We should receive news of what they are very soon Ma’am. Is there anything particular you desire for breakfast?”
Her casual attitude about the creatures calmed Caryn’s concerns. If the maid didn’t worry, why should she? Enjoying a little more pampering seemed to be the thing to do.
Caryn jumped out of bed and the maid immediately picked up her robe trying to hold it in position so she could easily slip her arms into it. But the inexperienced Queen was too quick. Caryn went one way and the maid went the other. It looked more like a comedic dance around the bed than a servant trying to hold a robe correctly for her monarch. 
Caryn suddenly realized what the maid was trying to do so she stopped moving about. “I’m sorry maid. I wasn’t trying to be difficult. I’m just not used to having someone dress me.”
The maid silently bowed and finished adjusting the robe.
“Well… thank you.  That was very… um… frugal of you. Okay girls, let’s go be royalty.”
Julie grabbed Caryn’s arm. “Mom, I think you meant feudal not frugal”
"Oh!" Caryn blushed. “Feu-gal… um, foodal… um, foo-gal or… Oh whatever you call it!  It was very chivalrous. Now let’s go get pampered.”
Amy liked that idea. “Get pampered? Cool, rock on Mom! Come on Julie, let’s go get pampered. And this time, don’t be such a wuss.”
Julie scowled and Caryn laughed. “Guess you kids are getting used to this, huh?” And off to the baths they went.
Refreshed and dressed for the day, they were guided to a small brightly lit room where a splendid breakfast was waiting. 
Amy sat down, put her napkin on her lap, looked down at the floor and suddenly shrieked. “Oh-my-gosh Mom…!  Lewis and Clark. We forgot all about them and left them up top. We have to go find them!”
She started to get up but the butler, who was placing fresh warm rolls on the table, calmly said, “Do not worry Princess, they are quite safe while doing their jobs. They are the ones who told us which vantage point the creatures are at.”
Amy slowly sat down. “Huh...? Doing their jobs... What kind of jobs could puppies have? Where are they, and how can they tell anyone where the creatures are? They can’t talk.”
Just then, Bixby arrived, bowed and started to say good morning. But, all he managed to get out of his mouth before Amy jumped up from her chair was, “Good morn ––”
“Lord Bixby. The puppies, Lewis and Clark, they’re still upstairs somewhere and ––!”
Then, Julie cut in. “The puppies are missing!” She pointed at the butler. “He said they’re doing jobs, and ––”
The girls interrupted each other, at full speed so Bixby remained silent while they finished each other's sentences. Suddenly, they realized what they were doing and stopped. “Oh…, Sorry” they said and sat back down. The momentary silence gave Caryn a chance to speak.
“Well, that was interesting. May I say something girls?"
"Yes... Ma'am." said Amy sheepishly.
"And you Julie, are you finished as well?"
"Yeah Mom. But––"
"Uh, uh...," said Caryn holding up a finger. Julie stopped mid-word. "There now, that's ––,"
Julie tried again. "But––," and Caryn's hand went up again. "Uh, uh..., quiet...!"
For a second, Bixby turned slightly to hide his stifled laughter but snapped back to his proper demeanor when The Queen spoke.
"Thank you. Now..., good morning Lord Bixby. Would you like to join us? This breakfast looks absolutely delicious!”
“Oh, ah, yes... um, No...." he answered trying to hide his smile.  "I thank you for the invitation but joining Her Majesty at a private meal would be against protocol. After all, I am only your humble servant.”
Caryn scrunched up her face and thought for a moment. “Against protocol huh…? Okay. Then I hereby call a meeting of my heirs and my closest advisor, the Lord of the Library, during which we shall eat breakfast. Now, will that royal order satisfy your stuffy old protocol thingy?”
Several people in the wings heard Caryn's opinion of "protocol". They snickered and quietly giggled when they saw a red glow flush across Bixby's face.
“Um, yes Ma’am. I believe that it will."
“Excellent. Sit here, next to me, so we can chat.”
Bixby clapped twice, the butler quickly put his place setting on the table and the “Lord of the Library” nervously took his seat right next to “Her Majesty”.
“Oh goodie!  That was cool!  Did you see that?  He just clapped his hands and…”  She leaned over to the girls and whispered. “This queen stuff is way too much fun!”
Everyone was staring and stifling grins at her un-royal demeanor so she decided to become a bit more serious.
“Oops...! Am I being too casual?  Guess I’d better behave more like a queen, huh? Okay. Ah-hmm. Lord Bixby, you were saying? I think you were going to tell us where Lewis and Clark are and what they're doing.”
“Yes Ma’am. Lewis and Clark. Well..., Artemus can only see in a straight line, line of sight I believe it's called. When creatures travel down into a valley or behind a hill, Artemus loses sight of them.
However, Lewis and Clark have been traveling through the tunnels and peeking out through vantage points. When they see the creatures’ location, they retreat back into the tunnel and bark in patterns similar to Artemus’ trumpet.
Their sounds echo back to one of our central tunnel rooms telling us from which vantage point it came and where the creatures are even if Artemus cannot see them. So, one way or the other, we know their position.”
Caryn sipped her orange juice and thought for a second.  “What are vantage points?”
“Openings Ma’am… portals to the surface. Our people originally tunneled to different parts of this valley searching for an escape but, even though they could dig an opening to the surface, they were unable pass through it. They could see the outside but an invisible barrier stopped them from walking out into it.”
“An invisible barrier… you mean, like … um… like the spell you told us about… is that it?”
“I believe so Ma’am.”
“But you said no one could get in down here.  Why couldn’t someone on the surface, just walk through the opening of one of those vantage points and then through the tunnels?”
“Because the spell prevents anyone from entering just as it prevents us from leaving. It also makes the opening invisible to anyone on the surface. And, just inside, there are some very special heavy stone doors that only we can pass through.”
Caryn picked up a cinnamon bun.  “Oh yeah, doors…. I know about doors that won’t open. Amy scared me half to death when she was trapped in that tower. Come to think of it, after you gave us those keys, every one of those doors opened without so much as a squeak. And I didn’t even have to put the key in the lock. How does that work?”
“They are very extraordinary keys Ma'am. Now that you possess them, you'll be able to open every door in every corridor, room, tower and wall and, you have full access to every portal in this valley… even if you do not have them on your person. You three are the only humans who can pass from the surface to the underground at will.”
Caryn touched the key hanging from her neck and realized why the tower doors, that previously had been impassable barriers, opened without effort. She looked at the girls with a, 'what do you think about that,' expression. “Magic. Girls, this place is filled with magic!”
"I told you so" whispered Julie to her sister. "So there, I was right!" Amy scowled.
"Lord Bixby...?"
“Yes Ma’am…?”
“You just said humans. Does that mean non-human creatures can enter down here?”
“Yes Ma’am. Hestia can enter and leave at will.”
“Oh, well, Hestia… That’s okay. Is there anyone or..., any-thing else that can get in?”
“Other than Hestia, Lewis and Clark, not that I know of Ma'am, but anything is possible.”
“Anything...? Well that’s not too reassuring.” –– Caryn took a bite of her cinnamon bun ––“Guess we’ll have to live with whatever happens. By the way, how do these keys work?
“Ma’am, as yet, you have not learned how to fully use their power. We will soon have classes to teach everything you need to know about their use and preservation.”
“Okay. That should be interesting. Did you just say Lewis and Clark can get in and out whenever they want to?”
“Yes Ma’am.”
“How do they get past the stone doors and what’s the number thing mean?”
“Lewis and Clark have some very special gifts for moving from place to place and Hestia sometimes flies above and helps them. But what do you mean by the number thing Ma’am?  I don’t understand your question.”
“Oh, sorry. Number thing, you know, they are at vantage point number four-twenty-one. That’s what the maid told us earlier.”
“Ah, yes, the tunnel numbering system. Because there are so many openings, or vantage points, to the surface, we numbered them to prevent anyone from getting lost. It also helps when Artemus alerts us with his trumpet.”
“How could Artemus know which tunnel, I mean, which vantage point someone is at?”
“Sometimes Hestia tells him. Other times it may be a sound tube in the tower.”
“Sound tube…, okay, what’s that?”
“A sound tube is… um… well, tubes through the tunnels that carry sound. When we've finished here, I will show you our central tunnel room. I'm sure seeing it will clarify how the system works.”
After breakfast, Bixby guided them through several hallways, town squares, past dwellings, shops and other buildings and, finally, into a gigantic circular room. “Here we are Ma’am, our central tunnel room.”
The entire area was bathed in a soft even glow and looked like a beautiful conservatory complete with a domed ceiling brightly lit by many hidden sun vents. Frosted panels in the walls and columns carried light to every nook and cranny preventing shadows and dark areas. It reminded Caryn of the modern architecture that was totally destroyed by war. “This is absolutely beautiful. And, it’s huge!”
A beautiful floral display encircled the base of a large ceiling to floor column in the center. It had many walkways protruding like spokes in a giant wheel out to the mezzanine that spiraled around the outside wall from top to bottom with tunnel openings positioned every three meters apart.
One could walk either on the mezzanine itself or across the nearest walkway to take an elevator in the center column to any level from ceiling to floor.
“Wow!” exclaimed Julie. “You could put our whole castle in here. Look at the size of this place Mom. It’s gigantic! This is really cool.”
Amy, however, was still concerned about Lewis and Clark. “Lord Bixby?" she asked with a worried expression.
“Yes Princess Amy…?”
“When will the puppies be back?”
“We should hear something very soon Princess.  And, I am sure they are fine…, no concern is necessary. Ma’am, there is a great deal more to see in this place so, with your permission, we will continue. I'm sure you'll all find it very informative and, perhaps, even fun.”
“Well Girls, if Lord Bixby says the puppies are okay, they must be okay so let's continue.”
“Okay Mom” said Amy grudgingly. Then, she pointed toward the center column. “Is that another set of stairs?”
“That is the lift column.  It has four lifts…, or elevators as you call them. Do you see the walkways from here on the mezzanine to the openings in it?”
“Yeah. Does that mean we can go over there and ride an elevator up and down?”
“Yes Princess, we can.  Come, we'll ride down and continue at the bottom. Would you like––” Suddenly, Bixby was interrupted by a young man who came running through a doorway a few meters away.
While trying to catch his breath, he stopped, bowed and gasped a feeble, “Your Majesty, Your Highnesses, My Lord, We have news!”
They waited but he stood silent trying to catch his breath. 
Caryn waited for the news and then looked at Bixby. He motioned to her but, she didn’t understand. He motioned again with his head as if she should do something.
“What…? What do you mean?" she whispered. "What is…?” –– and she moved her own head as Bixby had just done. He replied by making the same cranial gesture, groaning and pointing toward the messenger –– which confused Caryn all the more.
 “Mom," said Amy. "I think you’re supposed to say something. Remember that thing about not speaking unless spoken to?  It’s ‘cause, you’re the Queen!”
Then it struck Caryn..., protocol! “Oh. Right. I forgot about that. Okay. Young man, you have news?”
“Yes Your Majesty.”
“Okay, tell me. What is it?”
“The creatures Ma’am.”
“Yes, yes, well…, what about them?”
“They have been identified Ma’am.”
Caryn was becoming frustrated at this game of manners and royal protocol and the girls were snickering at their mother’s predicament. So she issued an order.
“Look, instead of answering only my specific question, just tell us your news. All of it.”
“Yes Ma’am. We've heard the puppy’s barks and they've identified the creatures as human. There are three and they are encamped in a small valley to the north. We have already sent a scouting party. At this time, that is all we know.”
“Finally, exclaimed Caryn!  “Now, was that so hard?
Now it was the messenger who looked confused. “Begging your pardon Ma’am but, was what hard?”
Caryn’s eyes rolled up and she shook her head in frustration. “Oh, never mind.”
“Well then” said Bixby. “It seems we shall have to wait a little longer before we find out just who our new visitors are. Humans…, ah ha! I suspect Hestia has something to do with this. If they approach closer, Artemus will alert us. We shall know more in the days to come.”
“Lord Bixby!”
“Yes Ma’am.”
“How would the puppy’s barks tell that young man all that stuff…, humans, three of them, encamped?”
“Oh!  I am sorry Your Majesty. Please forgive me. I should have explained before. Lewis and Clark understand and speak a language, sort of a code. I believe that your society used to use a similar code created by a Samuel Morse. It is not necessarily the best way to communicate but it is quite helpful at times like this.”
Dogs that understood and barked in 'Morse Code', an entire underground city, people who lived for centuries; once again Caryn was having trouble believing or even comprehending these revelations.
“Wow,” she mumbled. “In that case, let’s carry on and explore more of this incredible place.”
As continued, Caryn supposed that centuries of time would most certainly have given the inhabitants incentive and motivation to make their prison look just like the village in which they used to live. Some of the ceilings were lit and painted to mimic the sky and there were trees, shrubs and flowers growing everywhere. They met many people from all walks of life, bakers, gardeners, clothiers, shoemakers, and doctors to name a few, and discovered it was a complete metropolis hidden from all who resided above.
When they ended their day back in their underground chambers, it struck Caryn that, although Amy and Julie had met and played with some of the children, they were unusually quiet about this fantastic experience.
“Well girls, what did you think of our tour through this wonderful place down here?”
“I miss Lewis and Clark” grumbled Amy.
“And I don’t trust these people” cautioned Julie. “They seem way too nice. How do we know they’re telling us the truth and not making things up?”
“The truth huh...? Okay girls. Have we been told anything that we’ve found was not true?”
“Noooo....” they both answered.
“Have we been threatened or hurt in any way?”
“Noooo....” they answered again.
“Are we completely and totally outnumbered?”
“Outnumbered…?  Oh… yeah” mumbled Amy. “Ok mom –– no choice –– got it!”
"Great! Then, good night."
Caryn walked to her bedroom wondering. I just can’t wrap my head around all this. What happened to reality? Is this another country, another planet or another universe?
Exhaustion from this long day quickly induced her to sleep until dawn’s morning light. She opened her eyes to the sight of a young woman quietly standing next to the doorway.
“Oh…! Good morning!” she said a slightly startled.
“Good morning Your Majesty” replied the maid.
Caryn sat up yawned and stretched but the woman made no sound or movement. “What are you waiting for?”
“For your first order of the day Ma’am.”
Caryn rubbed her face and shook her head trying to wake up. “Oh, my first order…, I see. Well then, my first order is, tell me why you're here and why you're so quiet.”
“Ma’am, I am just following the rules learned from the book of protocols and I am hopeful that I am performing them to your satisfaction. You are the first ruler I have ever served in person so please forgive me if I’ve made an error.” 
“Book of protocols huh...?" Caryn mumbled between yawns. "Okay, tell me about this book.”
“Oh, um, well Ma’am…, I am to be always present but quiet and shall not speak unless spoken to. Unless she directs, I shall ask no questions of Her Majesty, and I will always––”
Caryn’s eyes widened as she continued reciting the rules.
“Wait, wait, wait… wait a minute, stop!”
With a quick bow, the maid instantly went silent.
That book sounds way too restrictive. Whatever happened to just talking? Please speak to me as you would anyone else.”
“Yes Ma’am, as you wish.”
“As you wish... Ha, think I’ve heard that one before. Okay. Are my daughters up yet?  I’d like to see them, and… oh yes, has there been any more news of the visitors in the north valley?”
“Yes Ma’am, I shall see to the Princesses and then ask if anything more has been learned about the visitors.” 
With a quick curtsey she disappeared through the doorway, presumably to retrieve the requested information. Caryn shook her head. Boy, she thought, pretty soon they’ll be waiting for my permission to breath. Ridiculous!
Shortly thereafter, Caryn’s daughters walked in looking a bit perturbed. Amy held up a piece of paper. “Mom, why are you taking this Queen stuff so seriously?”
“Queen stuff…, what are you talking about?”
Amy held up a note. “You had one of your servants deliver this summons!”
“Seriously, a summons? No way. You’re joking.”
“Here Mom. You read it. It’s a summons.”
The note written in beautiful calligraphy read:
Her Majesty Queen Caryn
hereby summons
Princesses Amy and Julie
for an immediate audience
in The Queen’s bedchambers.
“You used to just tell us to get up because we were late for breakfast” complained Amy.
“Yeah mom...!  Now you’re sending us a summons?” And together, almost as if they had rehearsed it, they exclaimed “A Summons…, really? What’s that all about?”
Then they snickered, bowed and spoke in unison. “Reporting as ordered Your Royal Majestic Mother-ness.”
Caryn stared at the beautifully written note and then burst out laughing. “Holy buckets...! I’ll have to be more careful what I say. They take things way too literally. I asked the maid if you two were up yet and she turned my question into an official order. How cool is that?”
“Maybe it’s cool for you," grumbled Julie, "but it's like we were being called to the principal’s office.”
Still laughing, Caryn put the note on a table. “Whew. Tell you what, let’s have one of those baths and a massage like yesterday and then see what’s for breakfast... okay?”
When they finished an enjoyable breakfast, during which the girls laughed and joked about the Queen’s summons making even the ever stoic Bixby quietly smile and snicker, they walked to the central tunnel room. Once there, Caryn began asking people if there was any news about the visitors. 
It was difficult for her to call them sweeper, maid or baker. So, she asked if they'd like to have a proper name. Their answers were all identical.
“Yes Your Majesty, if that is your wish.”
There's that, 'If you wish' thing again. They agree because they think it's an order. How can I let them know I want them to tell me what they want? 
She thought for a moment, looked at Bixby and exclaimed, “Ah-ha!  I have an idea. The summons….  They did a great job making and delivering it. I should have them make a notice and deliver it to all the people. It will be a simple question. A question they can answer without me being present. That way they can tell us what they want instead of saying that constant if that is your wish thing.”
“An excellent idea Your Majesty.”
Caryn raised her hand and asked in her most loud and regal voice, “Who here is a scribe?”  The acoustics in the huge round room were so perfect that her question echoed throughout the entire area making everyone jump.
When she saw their reaction and heard how loud her voice sounded, she put her hands over her mouth and said, “Oops!”  Then she waved and sheepishly said, “Sorry”.
Everyone turned, raised their hand and replied, “Here Your Majesty!”
When she saw all those hands in the air, embarrassment set in. Oh how silly of me…she thought.  Read and write? Of course they can all read and write. After all, they’ve had centuries of education.  She pointed to a young girl and asked, "Do you have time to help with a project?"
“Whatever Her Majesty wishes”, replied the girl.
“Excellent! Then let us send a proclamation to everyone that says, Queen Caryn wishes to know whether or not each inhabitant of this land would like to have a proper name.
To answer this question, you must tell The Queen your desire and not merely submit to hers. When another addresses you, what name would you like them to use? Do you feel like a George, a Jennifer, a William or a Nichola? Let The Queen know your true honest desire.”
“Yes Ma’am, at once!” And off she went. Caryn realized that the girl had not written anything down but shortly thereafter, when a draft of her proclamation was presented, it had her exact words with the addition of two lines.
~ Official Notice from ~
Her Majesty Queen Caryn
She was amazed. "Perfect," she said. "And you didn't even take notes. Great! Distribute it to everyone."
“Yes Ma'am. Um, begging your pardon but, what if several people choose the same name?”
“Good question. Let’s find out what they choose for their given name and then we’ll work on surnames.”
"Very well Ma'am. These will go out today."
That evening, there was a knock on Caryn's door. Her personal maid looked at the Queen for approval and then opened it. It was Bixby.
“Good evening Your Majesty. Apologies for this late intrusion but we have just received news."
"Great! What is it?"
"The visitors are three humans who, like yourselves, escaped the twenty first century war and are now encamped in the valley to the north. Also like you, Hestia led them to food and water and they appear to be in good health.” 
"Ah..., people, just like us, that's reassuring. I kept imagining some horrible creature that––" Suddenly, she was interrupted by barking. "Oh, do I hear what I think I hear?"
Just as Bixby turned toward the door, Lewis and Clark came bounding through it followed by the girls. "Mom, they're back!" exclaimed Amy as she and her sister sat down on the floor to play with their favorite pets.
“Hey guys, Welcome home!" said Caryn as she knelt to pet the two puppies. "I want you to know that Amy was really concerned but I knew you'd make it okay." The dogs yipped and jumped to the children's laps. "Okay, that's one worry gone. Now, please continue Lord Bixby.”
“Yes Ma’am! There is a man named Sir Edwin Wallace, an electrical engineer who was traveling home to Scotland by ship when it was attacked and sunk. He, with his wife and son, managed to survive on floating debris until they washed up on our western shores.
After finding small amounts of food and water, they were visited by a disheveled white dove begging for something to eat. Sir Edwin’s son shared a little of what he had and the dove led them to the north valley where they now rest. They do not yet know of this place or the castle above so it will remain a secret while our scouts continue to observe and learn more about them.”
Caryn was astounded at the detail of this news. “How Lord Bixby..., how on earth, could you possibly know the man’s name and what he does for a living? Did someone actually talk to him?”
“No Ma'am. But a white dove listened to their conversations, informed our scouts and they sent the information back here through the tunnel tubes.”
“Hestia. Well, she certainly gets around. But why didn't she just fly back here and tell us?"
"Sound travels much faster than a bird flies Ma'am. And I'm sure, she had other things to do."
"I see. Well then, what of their living conditions, isn’t it cold up there this time of year, do they have a place to sleep and enough food?”
“They have temporary shelter. Tomorrow they will be directed toward an abandoned farmhouse not too far from their present location where they will be safe and warm.”
“Directed?  How..., who will direct them?”
“Hestia has a way of doing these things Ma’am. If they fail to follow a fawn or a puppy, then she will become a bear or some other animal and cause them to flee in the proper direction. They may become fearful but she will do it gently to guide them to their destination without harm.”
“A bear, or some other animal? Ha! Well, of course she will. Whatever was I thinking? It seems that we are no longer the only outsiders. Are more people coming?”
“Unknown, but anything is possible.”
“Any-thing…? That sounds scary.”
Perhaps. But since there is no imminent danger, it is no longer necessary to be hidden down here. Do you wish to return to your castle this evening or wait till the morrow?”
“Well, first, I have a question. As our closest advisor, please read this proclamation and tell me what you think.”
Bixby smiled as he read the notice. “Your Majesty, this is wonderful! We have always been known only as slaves of King Leopold. Having a name means being a person, an individual who matters. I believe this will be happily welcomed by everyone.”
"That, my dear friend, brings up another question. Before you were taken from your villages, what names did you use?"
Bixby thought for a moment. "I..., I do not know Ma'am. I remember that which occurred when the soldiers came but nothing else until we were here as slaves."
“Partial amnesia huh? Severe trauma can cause that for many people. Sometimes the memories come back over time and sometimes they don’t ever return.”
“I see. I never thought of that.”
“Another question: Can the people down here come up through the library closet if I issue such a decree?  I want them to be able to choose where they want to live, either here, on the surface or even both. Is that possible?”
“No Ma’am. The invisible barrier prevents us from leaving here through any opening, even the library.  However, I will research this further and advise you. We have been here for centuries of your time and do not age or die which, as you say, is really weird. We know this was not always the case so I will have to search out the old texts to find out why it is as it is. Until then, I cannot give you an accurate answer.”
Caryn sighed. “And I thought this was going to be so easy. I guess it’s not, even for a queen. Humph…, nuts. All right, do your research and keep me apprised. People deserve freedom, especially your people.”
“Thank you for the kind thoughts Ma’am.  Will you be staying the night then?”
“I suppose so. The treatment we receive here is superb. It’s like going to a spa, something we could never afford to do before. It would be wonderful to stay another night and enjoy it for one more day.”
“So be it Ma’am. I shall then bid you all a good night and wish you a restful sleep.”
With a courteous bow, he left them to while away the night in their oh-so comfortable beds.
The next morning, Caryn awoke and saw several people quietly standing, waiting for her greeting.  “Good morning.” she yawned as she stretched and sat up in bed.
“Good morning Your Majesty.” they all replied in unison.
“My goodness!” she gasped when she noticed how many there were. “Why are you all here?  Did something happen?” 
The same maid who chased her around the room trying to help her on with a robe stepped forward.
“Ma’am, your proclamation about choosing a name went out and your subjects are now anxiously awaiting an audience. Shall I tell them that it will be later today after you have had time be properly prepared?”
“Proclamation…? Oh, right. That's why you're all here. Um, why do they request an audience maid?”
“Because, Ma’am, each person has written their list of desired names and now awaits your choice.”
“Oh, they want me to choose. Every person wants me to choose their name…? Jiminy Christmas! There's thousands of them. Oh-my-gosh. This could take months, or years. Maid, I have to meet with Lord Bixby before we schedule an audience. Oh-my-gosh…, they want me to choose every name. Tell Lord Bixby that we should meet at breakfast.”
“Yes Ma’am, I will inform him immediately.”
Caryn’s little idea had just turned into a gigantic task. She thought about it while they bathed. Then, later, at breakfast, she discussed her concerns with Bixby.
“They want me to choose each one of their names... every person down here. That will take years. And besides, one’s name is a very personal thing. How can we get them to choose their own names?”
“Perhaps, Your Majesty, you should enlist their help. If you tell them what you just told me and then direct each family to choose a surname and each person in that family, a given and middle name, you will find the task much less time consuming.”
“Direct them...? You mean order them to choose for themselves. That makes it a team effort. Brilliant Bart. Absolutely brilliant! Okay, we’ll give them a week or two to decide and then record their chosen names. We’re going to need a staff to do all that recording. This is great! Where should we make this announcement?”
“I believe the central tunnel room is the best choice Ma’am. Shall I send out word to have the people assemble after lunch?”
“The central tunnel room..., perfect acoustics, and it’s huge..., excellent choice. Yes Lord Bixby, send out the word.”
Shortly after lunch, the Royal Family stepped out on a balcony in view of thousands of residents. They filled the floor, the mezzanine, every landing, step and doorway and there were lines upon lines trailing back throughout the city. Bixby announced their plan, a staff of recorders was chosen and Caryn’s project was under way.
As they walked to the library’s secret stairs Caryn whispered, "Bart, your brilliant idea made that job easy."
"Thank you Ma'am. But are you sure you wish to return to the castle upstairs? We are all more than happy to make you comfortable down here."
"I know. And you have done that with five star service. But I think it's time we got back to the real world of doing things for ourselves. We'll be back soon. You can bet on that."
"Yes Ma'am. We look forward to your return. Um, what does ‘five star’ and ‘bet on that’ mean?"
“Five star means excellent, topnotch. And bet on that means it will probably happen.”
“I see…, I think. Um, what does ‘topnotch’ mean?” 
“It means the best. I’m glad we are both learning things from each other.”
“Yes Ma’am. As am I.”
~*~
The Counter-Spell
As the light of dawn brightened her bedroom, Caryn yawned, rubbed her eyes and sat up. On this morning, she was alone.  Her eyes finally opened and she looked around.
“Hey... where are the...?” She took a breath, cleared her throat and realized where she was. “Oh, right! We’re back in the castle..., no maids up here. Better check on the girls. And I’m talking to myself..., out loud..., again!  Whew, that’s a little nutsy.”
She went downstairs, started a fire and began preparing breakfast. Boy, she thought, that creatures thing threw our whole schedule off. Wonder if Bart will have class today?
A half-hour passed and Caryn was ready to start cooking but her children were still nowhere to be seen. She went to their bedroom and saw pillows and covers over their heads. Lewis and Clark sat up when she entered but, a quick finger to her lips and a quiet “shush” told them to stay silent. The puppies quietly waited as a sly smile crept across her lips.
Should I let them be lazy and sleep a little longer…?  Then, her smile turned into a grin. Nahhh. I’ll have some fun. With her hands around her mouth she yelled, “Wake up girls. The school bus will be here soon. You don’t want to be late and miss it!”
Amy was the first to stir. “Okay Mom… in a minute.” Then, her eyes opened wide and she bolted upright. “Huh!  School bus…, oh-my-gosh. We’re late!” She jumped out of bed and started shaking Julie. “Come on Julie. The school bus is going to... be... here...? School bus? Wait a minute.” She realized where she was and slumped down on Julie’s bed. 
“Mom, why did you do that? You got me all scared about missing a bus that doesn’t even exist anymore." Then she stood and exclaimed, "That was really mean!”
Julie poked her head out from the covers and yawned. “Hey Amy, what’s going on…, what’s all the yelling about?”
When Caryn burst out laughing the puppies decided it was their cue to jump onto the bed and play. They pulled down Julie’s blanket and sat at her feet wagging their tails. “Aw... come on you guys. Do you have to play now...?  Geeze... you’d think it was time to get up or something.”
Amy looked at Julie, then at the puppies, then at Caryn and started snickering. “Okay Julie. Come on, get up... no servant people up here this morning.”
The puppies barked and started licking Julie's face. “Okay, okay guys. I’m awake. Okay…?”
“That was fun. Guess you’ll both be downstairs for breakfast soon, huh girls?”
“Yeah, breakfast. Okay mom” they muttered.
Whenever Caryn asked Bixby about having his people come up to the surface, his answer was always the same.  “We have not yet found any method, spell or device that allows us to pass through the barrier.”
She considered it a shame they could see the valley through tunnel openings but could never wander through its timeless beauty. Would they never know the feel of a warm spring rain or the thrill of sliding down a hill on new fallen snow? The situation continued to nag her until, one day after class, she sent the girls away and cornered Bixby.
“Bart, each time I see your underground city, I’m reminded of just how beautiful a home your people have created. There must be a way they can also enjoy the beauty we have up here. How is the search for an answer progressing?”
“Your Majesty… um, I mean Caryn ––”
“That’s all right Bart. Call me whatever you’re comfortable with. We’re all alone up here anyway so either one will be okay. I’d rather have you concentrate on telling me things instead of trying to remember how to address me.”
“Thank you Ma’am. But, if it’s acceptable, I prefer addressing you as Your Majesty and Ma’am. The title is appropriate and suits you very well.”
Caryn grinned. “As you wish Lord Bixby. But don’t expect me to call you Lord Bixby all the time.  Bart is easier for me, especially when I’m not thinking like a queen.”
“Of course Ma’am. As you wish.”
Caryn squinted with one eye. “I suppose I shouldn’t complain about the 'as you wish' thing either should I.”
“It is appropriate Ma'am.”
“Got it –– Now, what about the search?”
“Um…, the search, oh yes. The staff of people you chose to help with the name decree has been looking through each and every place of records but they have not yet found any answers and there are hundreds of thousands of records so it may take considerable time.”
“I see. Sounds like a shortage of personnel problem to me.  Are there any other people we can add to the search team?"
“Yes, of course Ma’am.  All are ready to do your bidding.  What would you like done?”
“Let’s have the people who are recording names focus only on that and have other people search the records. I don’t want to upset anyone’s daily routine but I believe it’s important to find an answer. After all, this is for the people’s benefit that we do this thing.”
It suddenly struck Caryn that her words sounded just like a politician wanting to expand the role of government 'for the good of the people'. Then she wondered if it was really for them or her. They seemed perfectly happy as things were. But if the answer was found, it would become their choice of where to live, work and play.
“Bart, do you think they really want to be able to come to the surface or am I just imposing my own whims on them?  Is there some way we can ask them and get an honest answer so we know how far to pursue this project?”
“Your Majesty, you know we are all happy to do your bidding. But, since you’ve asked the question, we can survey the entire population to see what they truly desire.”
“Excellent. Do it. But I want to know what they really want and not what they think I want."
“Yes Ma’am.  I’ll see to it today.”
Governance guided by the people’s true wishes and not of a single person’s demands and orders was her goal. She hadn't asked for this responsibility but find comfort in managing, what she hoped would be, a fair and equitable society.
On her way to the kitchen, she noticed the great room fireplace needed more fuel. She added two logs and stood there, staring at the flames, thinking.
These people have done quite well.  They’ve established a good life… built a beautiful city… they have everything they need… and they did all this long before we ever arrived.  Boy, everything I say, every single word, is taken as an order or law. I have to be really careful. Being a queen is novel and very agreeable. The girls are happy and safe, but anything more than that is just a wonderful extra gift. Wow, I can’t believe how our lives have changed.
Three days later when they entered the library for Bixby’s class, their teacher gleamed with excitement. He held up a very old, scarred and tattered book that appeared to have been through some terribly hard times.
“Your Majesty, Princesses, good morning to you all.  Today, I am overjoyed. The guilt I have endured for all these centuries has finally been lifted!”
“Well that’s great news! And a good morning to you as well Bart. What guilt you are talking about?”
“The spell Ma’am, the spell. I always thought I was the one who created the spell that was to protect but instead, imprisoned my people underground. The records in this book show it was not my spell at all but, in fact, that of another. This is indeed an uplifting day for me and only came about because of you my Queen.”
“That is wonderful. Do the records say who did it?”
Bixby carefully opened the book to a page that showed the story of the original exile of his people to the underground prison.  King Leopold had his most skilled sorcerer create a curse that would cause them to never age or die. Further, they would never remember exactly how they were imprisoned and would only know that they were relegated to an eternal existence below the surface. No one would ever see them again and they would just have to make the best of their dismal underground dwelling.
Over the centuries they worked together. Mere survival gave way to filling their days with construction, maintenance, learning and what entertainment they could create. The prison created by the evil monarch had previously been a book repository and his kingdom’s main store house of records. So, with the assets contained therein, much of their entertainment consisted of reading everything they could find.
“You see my Queen?  My words are not the cause of our situation after all.  However... this may have created a different problem as you can see here in this passage.”
~*~
This curse will last as long as King Leopold or his heirs rule this land. If by some stroke of fate, his lineage should cease to exist, it shall continue until that time when the then absolute ruler finds and executes the counter-spell.  Until that act is correctly performed, nothing will change.
“That's wonderful Bart, I’m so happy for you!  This counter-spell it mentions, can we use it to free your people?”
Bixby’s face saddened.  “I am afraid, Ma'am, we still don't know what the counter-spell actually is.”
“Oh wow, bad luck. Then what do we do?”
“Continue searching Ma’am... that’s all we can do. But, at least we’ve made some progress.”
“Then we’ll continue searching.  I am curious about something though.”
“Yes Ma’am...?”
“With all those thousands of people who read all the time and, given the amount of time you've all been down there, why wasn’t this information found before?”
“We had no reason to read the old records Ma’am. Our first objective was survival. Then we turned to those subjects that would be of use in building our city. Even after all this time we've only read a small percentage of the writings so records of things past seemed unimportant until your directive.”
“Umm, that makes sense.  By the way, what results did the survey return?  Do your people want an end to their restriction or do they prefer to leave things as they are?”
Bixby pulled a large rolled up scroll from a bag and let several meters of it spill out over the Library floor. 
“Your Majesty, each answer is the same from beginning to end.  They have all answered ‘YES’ and wish to have the choice you propose.”
“Wow, everyone...?  Such unity! I’m so happy we did the name thing the way you suggested before sending out this survey. The names on this scroll mean everyone has a voice and can state their own thoughts. For reasons we can discuss later, please secure this scroll in a safe place for now.”
Julie was looking at the scroll, reading the names. “Yeah Mom, if you hadn’t done that naming thing, all there’d be on this paper is a bunch of yeses.  That’d be really lame!”
Bixby looked puzzled.  “Lame...?"
“Oh, it’s just another one of their expressions Bart. Means, not very good. Anyway…, let’s make this happen! What else do we need to know?”
“Well, this record tells us of several caveats to which we must adhere in order to make the counter-spell work. Firstly, you must be an absolute ruler, therefore, we, all of us, must be bound to do your bidding as your servants and subjects. You must also be the one who finds the counter-spell. And, lastly, you must be the one who correctly executes its powers.”
“I have to do it all...? Wow! What about the absolute ruler thing. I freed you, remember?”
“True Ma’am, but I have, and do again here and now, pledge my absolute loyalty and servitude to you, my Queen.  Every resident of the underground city has done the same so you are, in fact, our absolute ruler.”
Amy pulled on her mother’s sleeve.  “Hey Mom, did you just become our ruler instead of our mother?”
“Yeah Mom, are we your subjects too?” asked Julie.
“No girls.  Don’t worry, I’m still your mother. But I guess this means that you both have to do what I say.”
“Oh right. So it’s like the same thing Julie. We always had to do what she said anyway.”
“Is Amy right mom…? Well…? Okay, go ahead.... You guys can keep talking. Go ahead. Continue.”
Caryn chuckled and bowed. “Well, thank you so much for your permission…, Your Highness.”
Julie grinned. "Keep talking about the counter-spell thingy. Go ahead. We don't mind.” Caryn and Bixby were trying not to laugh so Julie motioned with her hands again.  “Go ahead…, talk. The counter-spell…, remember?”
“Okay," mumbled Caryn between chuckles. "That part was easy. Now, what about finding it? I have no idea where to look. How am I ever going to I find it by myself?”
“The record does not say that you cannot be assisted Ma'am. But ultimately, you are the one upon whom we depend. It does, however, clearly stipulate that you must be the one who executes it.”
“So you can help search but I have to find it and I have to execute it. Well then. I guess I’ll have to be up to the task, hmm." With one hand behind her back and a finger to her lips, The Queen began pacing back and forth.
Julie leaned close to her sister. “Oh-oh," she whispered, "Mom’s creating another project and she looks really, really, really royal ruler-like.”
Suddenly, her pacing stopped, she pointed up and shook her hand for emphasis. “Then, Lord Bixby, I hereby decree that, as absolute ruler of this land, each and every person shall use whatever special talent they have to find the location of this counter-spell and report it to me. Leave no square centimeter unexamined nor any riddle or clue unexplored. We shall persist until we prevail!”
“Yeah Julie, totally ruler-like. She just included everyone in her decree…, us too, I think.  I wonder what we'll have to be doing this time.”
“It shall be as you have decreed Ma’am. However, we can search only the underground areas. Only you can roam freely on the surface. Also, the surrounding lands are expansive and potentially dangerous. This undertaking will be much more of a challenge for you than for us.”
“Well, Lewis and Clark will help. And perhaps, Hestia as well. Is there anything else that might give us some direction or clue?”
“No Ma’am. That is all we know at this time.”
“I see. Well, I don’t know how long it will take but this is important and it’s worth the effort.”
She began pacing again, deep in thought, back and forth in front of Bixby’s desk. “Hmmm, we don’t know where to start looking…, we don’t know exactly what we’re looking for…, and all we have so far is that statement in the book about the counter-spell. Right…?”
Everyone nodded.
“Not much to go on. We’ll have to start with whatever additional information your people can find underground. Have them search for a clue, an instruction, a map, or anything else that might give us direction. Perhaps something helpful will turn up. It might be a description, an old record, book or script. Anything relevant could help."
“Yes Ma’am. I will see to it today.”
Thousands of people began searching but, after several weeks, Caryn became frustrated with their lack of progress. "Bart," she said one day after class, "it looks hopeless."
 “Your Majesty," he replied sympathetically, "this thing you are attempting is a benevolent act worthy of the effort and the time it may take. Do not give up on your important ideas just because they take longer than you first anticipated. My people may now be dependent on you to find the key to our freedom but that does not mean we are not willing to wait another century or two.”
“Ha! Another century or two…?  Come on Bart. Thank you for the kind words but, really. You guys don’t age or die but I’m not so sure about us. Are we going to be this age forever as well?”
“An excellent question Ma’am, excellent. Um, I really don’t know. We’ve never had this situation before.”
“So, you may be able to wait for centuries but, if we continuing aging, we won’t be alive that long. That’s problematic. I think we'll have to try a different approach.”
"What do you have in mind Ma'am?"
"Not sure yet. But don't worry. We’ll figure it out.”
“You believe we will Ma’am?”
“Yes Bart. I do. I don’t know when. But, it'll happen. It will definitely happen!”
When they left the library that day, Julie whispered, “Mom’s on a mission again Amy.”
“Yeah but this one’s impossible.”
“You think?"
“Seems like it Julie. But, if anyone can do it, she can.”
“Yeah. I guess. Hey, you want to go downstairs and play with the other kids today?” The puppies whined.
“No, I think we should help Mom. Maybe we can find a clue or something.” The puppies yipped.
“How are we going to do that?”
“I don’t know Julie. Come on, let’s think about it. Maybe we can come up with an idea or some place to look.”
“Okay. But not in the tower!”
“Why not?”
“Cause it takes too long to walk up all those stairs.”
“Julie, you’re a wuss!”
“Nu-uh, am not, there’s a lot of stairs.”
“Yeah, guess you’re right. Okay. No tower. Hey. What about all those other doors on the way up? We've never been through them.”
"You have to go up the stairs to get there."
"Oh, right. Okay, no tower today. Come on. Let's go underground and play with the other kids."
"Okay. Cool. I’d rather play softball anyway."
“Yeah, hmmm. I’d rather help mom. She’s always helped us. Maybe the kids know about some hiding places that no one searched yet. Let’s ask them. We can play softball another time.  What do you think Julie?”
The puppies yipped, ran back to the library and waited.
“Aw, no softball today huh? Oh all right Amy. I guess Lewis and Clark think it’s a good idea so let’s go search for hiding places and find a clue.”
“Okay! Deal Sis. We’re on a mission. High fives!”
~*~
Bixby’s Treasure Hunt
She stood at a window, arms folded, silently gazing at the colors of spring and contemplating all that had happened in this incredibly mysterious world. Green grasses and blossoming flowers seemed to be screaming, it’s time to play in fields of clover and search for the counter-spell!
She walked out to the orchards pondering why she had issued that decree. This is a wonderful place to live. Why don’t I just leave things as they are? Those people have a beautiful city and their lives seem just fine. What exactly am I trying to do, and, what if I get it terribly wrong?
Then she sat by a tree and looked out over the beautiful valley. The truth is… they’re trapped down there. No one should be imprisoned like that. No matter how nice the prison is, it’s still a prison. They should be free. Besides, I have to follow it through. I gave my word.
She walked back to the castle and made her decision. I have to try. They're good people and they deserve this choice. I'll tell Bart in the morning.
The next day, she accompanied her girls to class with new determination. “Good morning Lord Bixby. I understand this week will be devoted to navigation. Yes?”
“Yes Your Majesty. But it will take more than one week.  We'll be studying all the things necessary to determine where you are, and how to get to wherever you want to go."
"Is that like reading a roadmap or something?"
"It's more than that Ma'am and I promise to make it interesting and fun. After learning a few basics, we will work with a very old map found just last week by one of the underground residents. It seems to be possibly related to our search for the counter-spell but covers an extremely large area. Before traveling such distances, it is vitally important that you learn to find your way over unfamiliar ground.”
“A map, you found a map that shows the location of the counter-spell? That’s wonderful!”
“No Ma'am, no location, just clues.”
“Oh. Clues on an old map, lots of ground to cover. Well then, is this navigation stuff something I really need to learn? The girls and the puppies already know most of ––”
Lewis and Clark interrupted her with a loud bark.
“Oh, really? So you guys think I should be in these classes as well, huh?”
They barked again. “Ha! I guess that means yes.”
“Come on Mom,” pleaded Amy, “Stay. You’ll like it. Bart makes it fun and Lewis and Clark said you should stay”
“So I have your approval then. How about you Julie?”
“Sure Mom, just don’t slow us down. You know how you get into those long conversations with Bart. We just want to learn this stuff so we can go out and play with the puppies.”
Caryn patted Julie on the shoulder and sat at a desk.  “Okay Julie, I’ll try not to be too much of a burden.”
“Aw, Mom, I didn’t mean­­––”
“It’s okay honey.  I understand.”
“Okay you two. Are you done? Can we start now?”
“Of course Amy. Whatever Her Highness wishes. Please Lord Bixby, proceed.”
Amy made a face and grumbled, “Boy, it’s about time.”
This time, it was Julie who leaned over to her sister and said, “Shush, I want to hear this!”
Bixby smirked a little and began class with a discussion of latitudes, longitudes, degrees, minutes, seconds, sextants, compasses and other navigation tools. And, all the while Caryn was thinking: Is this something I really need to know?  How will I ever remember all this stuff? Degrees, minutes and seconds…, on a map? I had to use a talking navigation system in the car to find my way to the stadium but none of that navigation stuff exists here. ~sigh~ Guess I’ll have to pay attention to everything and hope I understand it. Wow!
Amy's expression was priceless as she focused on Bixby’s every word and soaked up his scientific mumbo jumbo like a sponge. Julie, with her tongue peeking out, was making prolific notes about everything Bixby said. Caryn, however, was getting more confused by the minute.
 “Let me demonstrate” said Bixby as he walked over to the puzzle Julie had assembled. He tapped the rotating globe with his pointer and –– POOF –– it expanded to three times its former size. The clouds disappeared and glowing vertical and horizontal lines appeared on its surface.
Lewis yipped, ran under Amy’s desk and Clark jumped onto Julie’s lap and whined.
“Holy buckets” exclaimed Caryn as she jerked back in her seat!  “That was a neat trick. How did you do that?”
Amy just grinned. “That was way cool!  Rock on Bart. You’re the man!” Holding two thumbs up, she added, “Very, very totally rad, and cool!”
Julie calmly petted Clark, put him back down on the floor, flipped to a fresh page and drew a large circle on her pad.  Then she added lines across and labeled them, Latitude and vertical lines labeled, Longitude.  Caryn looked at her drawing. “Gee Julie, I guess you’ve got this stuff down. How did you remember which way the latitude and longitude thingies went?”
“Easy Mom. When the planet rotates, you can always see the latitudinal lines but those longitudinal lines disappear and it takes a long time for them to come back around again. Longitudinal, long time. Get it? Neat, huh.”
Caryn watched the rotating globe for several moments. Then, she proudly said to Bixby, “Julie’s pretty smart, huh. Latitude lines go left and right and longitude lines go up and down.  I never would have thought of that.”  Caryn nudged Julie’s shoulder. “Cool beans Julie, way-to-go!”
As the class continued, Caryn gazed at her daughters knowing that, if they worked together, their combined navigation skills would probably be sufficient to get them almost anywhere. Lewis and Clark sensed her thoughts and yipped as if to say, “Yup. We knew that… yup, we did.”
Bixby tapped the sphere again. It stopped rotating and a small bright spot lit up. “This is where we are, your home.”
Caryn got up, walked to the floating globe, ran her finger up to the top. “North”, then, down to the bottom. “Okay, this is south, this is east and this is west. And zero latitude is right here. I understand the up, down, back and forth stuff. But what do the numbers have to do with finding our way around?”
Before Bixby could answer, Amy blustered. “Really Mom? It’s just a numbering system. Come on, please keep up!”
“Okay Miss brain. Since you have all this stuff figured out, you are now our official navigator. I'll stick to serving dinner.”
Amy realized how she sounded and instantly became apologetic. “I’m sorry Mom but look, if we don’t learn this stuff, we’ll never find our way back to have dinner!”
 “Oh, good point. Well…, okay. I’ll try harder. Bart, do you think I’ll ever be able to remember all these details?”
“Yes Ma’am. However, you will remember only some things at first but, those that you do remember and understand will help you in times of need. More and more will become clear as time goes on and you'll become quite comfortable with this knowledge.  I'm sure of it."
Caryn shrugged. "Okay…, if you say so."
"I do Ma'am. And given the task at hand, you will need as many tools and as much knowledge as possible. There will always be danger and I wish to teach you everything I can to help you survive and successfully complete your mission.”
“Great! What haven’t you told us about the danger part?”
“The search may require traveling to places where there could be unknown dangers so it is important that you are able to find your way back here to safety. Do you not agree?”
“Well, yes, back to safety. Safety is good.  Amy…, Julie…, safety is a good thing. Right?” Ha! As if I actually needed an answer to that question. Oops! Bart just read my thoughts again. Sorry Lord Bixby. Please continue.
Bixby sat down behind his desk. “Very well. Then, in order to make these subjects a bit more enjoyable, we can play a game. Should there be some sort of prize for the winner of each contest?”
“Yeah Mom, a prize!” The girls shook their heads as if silently saying, yes, yes, yes.
“Well Bart, a game or contest sounds like it could be fun. What do you have in mind?”
“A treasure hunt could be quite enjoyable Ma'am. And it will allow each of you to practice your new knowledge. We shall keep it within this valley to ensure your safety and our residents can observe your progress through the vantage points. If that meets with your approval, I will have the game’s details ready by the morrow.”
“Mommy, mommy, can we? Please…? It sounds like fun.” Caryn couldn’t refuse the girls’ pleading but she still wanted to know all the details of his game.
“Okay, okay girls. Bart, I’ll review your game plan and rules when you have them ready and then make my decision. And, girls…, we’ll decide whether or not to play when we know more about this treasure hunt game.”  
With Bixby's addition of a treasure hunt, the material took on new appeal. What would they learn that would help find the treasure and win the game? Treasure hunts were a mystery and mysteries were fun to solve.
He described the workings of a compass and how it could give them directions. “If you are in Blackthorn Forest and wanted to return home, you should head toward the snowy mountains. But, what if it is dark and you cannot see the mountains? Your compass will always point toward them because they are north of Blackthorn Forest.”
His descriptions and examples started to create mental pictures of different places within the valley. By using reference points such as the castle, the mountains, Blackthorn Forest, the pass through the ridge and others, the correct direction became fairly easy to visualize.
“Who can tell me in what direction are the snowy mountains from here?” he asked.
“North!” exclaimed Julie.
“Zero degrees or three-hundred and sixty degrees” added Amy trying to be more specific.
“Which is it Amy” asked Caryn “zero or three-hundred?”
“Three-hundred and sixty Mom. It’s either one. They’re both the same. See? Look. They’re both due north at twelve o’clock, like…, straight up.  If you start at zero and go all the way around three-hundred and sixty degrees, you wind up back where you started…, at zero.”
“Oh, right. See? I said you were the brain of the family. You’ve got this stuff down pat.”
“I knew that too Mom” said Julie looking a bit sad.
Caryn saw the look on her face and hugged her. “Yes you did. And I’m just as proud of you. You both realize that you’re my official navigators from now on. Don’t you?”
Julie’s smile returned. “Don’t worry Mom.”
“Yeah Mom” said Amy as she and Julie gave each other high-fives. “We’ll keep you from getting lost.”
“Wonderful! There. You see Bart? I now have two navigators at my disposal.” The puppies jumped up and whined. “Oh, I’m sorry.” she said while petting them. “It seems I have four excellent navigators.” Lewis and Clark sat back down and yipped.
True to his word, Bixby had the game details ready the next morning. They each received a map, a clue and a small compass set in a bracelet.
The first hunt was inside the castle. The rules stated they could work together or compete. The winner would be the first to find a hidden coin and would receive a prize.
“Now remember,” he cautioned, “you must bring the treasure coin back here before mid-day in order to win.”
Julie was looking at the map and Amy was reading the clue. They asked, “What’s the prize?”
“Ah, that is a surprise. Are there any other questions…, no?  Then, let the hunt begin!”
They put on their compass bracelets and headed to the great room. Julie scratched her head and muttered, “I don’t understand this clue. It says to go to the room that contains an invention commissioned by Napoleon Bonaparte. Who’s he?”
“Some French guy I think Julie. Maybe it’s in that room where I found all those tools and materials I used to make Christmas presents.”
Amy giggled. “Ha! You’re both wrong. He was the army general guy that conquered a lot of places and had some scientist invent the tin-can so his armies could carry lots of food without having it spoil. I figured that out before we even left the library and I’ll bet it means the pantry.”
“Food in tin cans, huh? I didn't know that. Okay, to the pantry!  I hope you’re right Amy.”
When they walked in, they saw the coin in plain sight on a counter.  "Well, look at that” chuckled Caryn. Julie reached for it but Caryn stopped her. “I think Amy should take it. She’s the one who figured the clue out.”
Julie started to object but then thought better of it. “Yeah, I guess you’re right Mom.” She picked up the coin and handed it to Amy. “Here Amy. You won.”
“Thanks Sis. That was… Hey, wait a minute!”
“What’s wrong?”
“Mom, Bart can’t come out of the library, right? So how did he put this coin in here?”
Back to the library they went with the coin and a question.  Bixby looked up from his desk. “You found it already…?  I must have made this hunt too easy.”
“It wasn’t easy for Julie and me but Amy figured it out right off.  She’s the winner so she should get the prize.”
“So be it. Princess Amy, I'm happy to present you with this special silver whistle."
"Cool!" She blew it but they didn’t hear anything. She blew it again, still nothing. “Am I doing this wrong or doesn’t it work?” She blew it again, this time, very hard. Lewis and Clark put their paws over their head and then ran behind Bixby’s desk and whined.
“What’s wrong with them” asked Caryn?
Amy examined the whistle, looked at the puppies and suddenly, her face lit up. “Oh wow, I get it. It’s a dog whistle.  Only dogs can hear it.”
She blew it again, but this time, very softly. Both puppies ran from under Bixby’s desk right to her. She blew another short soft toot. The puppies yipped and jumped into her lap. “Okay. I think I’ve got it now. Gee, thanks Bart. I’ll bet they can hear this whistle from far away. This is totally cool!”
“Yes Princess, from a very long distance indeed. And I'm happy you remembered some of the things we discussed in previous classes. You did very well. Now, are there any questions?”
“Bart…?” asked Caryn with a puzzled look.
“Yes Ma’am?”
“How did you put that coin in the pantry?  I thought you couldn’t leave the library.”
“The coin, oh yes. Well, you are aware, are you not, that whatever foods you decide to prepare for dinner always seem to be in that pantry?”
"Yes....”
“And, you are aware that many things happen here for which we have no explanation.”
“Yes.... Is this going to be another one of those unexplained mystery things?”
“All I can tell you Ma'am is that I am not the one who placed the coin in the pantry.”
“Then, who did?”
Bixby put his hand on the huge book that only he could pull from the shelf. “I read in here that the coin would be there. That is why I created that clue. And, I am happy to see, it was correct.”
"The book..., the invisible author or, should I say, prophet. Girls, do you get the idea we’re being had?”
“Had Ma'am, what is––?”
“Oh, it’s nothing Bart. It was just one of my old paranoid thoughts. Sorry I said it.”
Although their first treasure hunt was short and easy, Caryn knew that eventually it could get dangerous. That evening they were discussing it. "Girls, every time we play this game it's going to get harder and harder. I don't think we should compete against each other anymore."
"But then, who'll get the prize Mom?"
"We need a prize to learn. And Bart mentioned dangers. It'll be a lot safer if we learn to do it together."
The girls nodded. "Right. Yeah, dangers..., survival…, stay together. Got it Mom."
"So, let's forget the competition and concentrate on succeeding..., and staying alive."
They nodded again. "Alive. Yeah..., alive is good."
"Then it's settled. From now on we work together instead of running in different directions trying to win a game."
"Okay Mom, alive is good. Right Amy?"
"Yeah Julie. We stay together. I like alive."
The next morning, Caryn asked, “Bart, did you suggest the competitive prize thing just to get us to learn that it’s better to work as a team?”
“I just wanted to give you the opportunity to decide for yourselves Ma’am. I believe you have chosen wisely.”
“Right. Though so. That was a really sneaky way to teach us a lesson. But it worked.”
They continued their treasure hunt game and learned where many of the nearby vantage points were located on the surface.  Later, when they started learning their way through the tunnels to those same openings, the network of underground pathways became easy to visualize. If it started raining while they were out, they ran to the nearest observation point and returned to the castle through a tunnel. Bixby’s treasure hunt was proving to be very effective.
Each search became more difficult forcing them to use a different skill in a different place to find and unravel clues. They enjoyed the fun of practicing what they had learned in class but it was, of course, done in the safety of the valley.
When the time came…, when they began the real search in unknown lands, would their new knowledge and skills be sufficient to find the counter-spell…, or even survive the unknown dangers Bixby had mentioned?
~*~
The Silver Sheath
After successfully completing yet another of Bixby’s search games, Caryn was becoming anxious to begin the real expeditions to find the counter-spell.
"Girls, are you both comfortable with all those numbers and directions and maps and things?”
“I sure am Mom," replied Julie confidently. She pulled out her yellow pad of paper. "Look at this map.  If we were here and wanted to get to here, we'd have to go through here.”  She pointed out the safest route and Amy agreed.
“Then I’m going to ask Bart to get us started on the real search.  Are you both sure we can do this... for real?”
“Yup, I’m totally ready Mom!”
“Me too!” added Amy.
“Okay. Then tomorrow we’ll tell Bart it’s time to get started..., for real.”
The next morning, they marched into the library confident they were ready to begin the real search.
“Bart, we’ve been playing this game every day for weeks but we still haven't seen the old map you found.”
“Ah, so you feel ready. You have played these games in relative safety close to the castle. The old map is of a much larger area and could take you to places out of our reach.”
“What does, 'out of our reach' mean?”
“It shows many places where we cannot help so it is imperative you are able to survive and navigate. If you do decide to proceed, we, as your servants, will happily assist. Please, read this message. I've been holding it for some time.”
He handed Caryn a note from his people that read:
We would like to see and experience the things you describe but are willing to forego that enjoyment to ensure your safety.  We do not wish to lose you our Queen but will abide by whatever decision you ultimately make.
“Bart, I’m flattered and moved they would sacrifice their freedom for my welfare but I still want to see that old map. Then we can decide whether or not to continue.”
“As you wish Ma’am” He went to a corner shelf and pulled out a long large tube and held it up. “The map Ma’am.”
He unrolled it covering a large table from end to end. Caryn gasped at its size, its detail and the huge area it showed.  Mountains in the north, a huge north-west desert, the great western sea, Blackthorn Forest in the south and a dark foreboding area that traveled round to the steep rocky cliffs in the east were all depicted in extreme detail. It was indeed a very large area.
Julie looked back and forth across the drawing. “Way cool!" she exclaimed. "Now we've got a chance to use a real map.  Look at all these places. This is going to be fun!”
“Fun, huh?" chuckled Caryn. "I’m not so sure about that.”
Amy was busy reading. “Hey Mom, I think these things along the bottom are all clues.  Look, they’re like directions but they’re all jumbled up.”
Caryn ran her finger over the words. “They’re riddles.  Great!  Here we go again.”
“We'll figure them out Mom” said Amy confidently.
“We have to find a starting point before we can plan any kind of search. And, we still don’t know what we’re looking for. This clue mentions the castle. Maybe we’re already at our starting point. Hmmm, it says,"
It is for the searcher this is written, the one who shall be at ease in the castle’s darkest parts.  The one who sees the place of light at the equality of spring. But hasten and do not wait till the same in fall for the snows will cover that for which you seek and perhaps the searcher as well.
“That’s cryptic.  Any ideas… Julie… Amy… Bart… um, puppies?”  Everyone shook their heads and the puppies whined. "Okay, then. What else do we have to work with?”
“Um, Ma’am, a thought. How well do you see in dim light or in the dark?”
“Oh, very well I guess. Why?”
“It says the searcher is at ease in the dark. If you are at ease in dimly lit places, perhaps it means the searcher is you.”
“Well..., I’m the one who’s supposed to find the counter-spell, so... Okay. But what does the place of light mean?  And, what is the equality of spring?”
Amy suddenly started jumping up and down with her hand in the air. “Okay Amy, what is it?  Do you have to go to the bathroom?”
She scowled. “No Mom, but I think I know what that equality thing means.”
“Well don’t keep us in suspense. What is it?”
“It’s the first day of spring!”
“Explain!”
“Equality Mom, the first day of spring has equal light and dark.  You know, the vernal equinox thingy.  It’s the same on the first day of fall but it says not to wait till then.”
“The vernal equinox. Brilliant Amy. Absolutely brilliant. What about the rest of the clue?”
“I don’t know, couldn’t think of anything else.”
Julie and Bixby agreed that the 'place of light' referred to the library, a place of knowledge and the equinox was about to occur the very next morning.
"Well, if all that is correct, I'll have to be here when the sun comes up to see what happens. Guess I’ll be sleeping in here tonight."
That evening, she got comfortable in an overstuffed chair in the corner the library. When dawn came, she was awakened by Lewis’ barking and then saw Clark rigidly pointing toward a place on the wall. The sun’s first rays flowed through a small opening illuminating a single book high up on a shelf.
She bolted upright and exclaimed, "That's it!" She rolled a ladder over to the book and started climbing. The girls were already coming down the hallway and heard the rumbling of ladder wheels rolling across the hardwood floor.
“Mom, what was all that noise and what are you doing way up there?”
“Oh, morning girls. I think I found an answer to the riddle. It might be in this book.” She stretched to reach it, gripped its spine and pulled. “A-ha! Got it.”
When she climbed down the ladder, a single sheet of paper escaped from the book’s cover and floated downward.  “I’ve got it Mom” shouted Amy as she caught the paper in mid-air.
“Way-to-go Amy, good catch!  Let’s see what it says.”

Seek the place of your allies to the north
and retrieve the silver sheath.
They looked each other and grumbled, almost in unison, “Oh great! It’s just another riddle.”
Caryn placed the note back in the book and sighed. “Come on girls, let’s go have breakfast.”
“Hey Mom, can we work on it?”
Caryn handed Amy the book. “Sure. Have at it.”
They discussed the new riddle during breakfast and concurred that ‘allies to the north’ meant the new people who had recently arrived and had moved to the other side of a mountain range. It made sense that one should not travel through high snowcapped mountains at the beginning of fall when avalanches were frequent. Most of the clue seemed logical, except for the 'silver sheath'.
Before starting class that day, Caryn asked if there was a tunnel leading to where the visitors were now located.
“Yes Ma’am, several. Our scouts had been using them to observe these new people until the winter snow covered the openings. But, now that spring has arrived, it should be melting. Do you wish to have them checked?”
“How long will that take?”
“The shortest route is about five or six days’ travel.  If we send someone now and they use the tubes, we should know in five or six days.”
Caryn scowled. “Five or six days to get a report and another five or six days for us to make the journey...? That’s too long.  We should just go ourselves.”
"But, Ma'am ––"
"No buts. We'll go. It's still early so today would be a good time to leave."
“Us..., today..., now...? Cool Mom. Great!  Come on Amy, let’s go get our stuff.  We’re going on a trip!”
“Very well Ma'am.  I will have a team assembled to escort you and replenish any food and supplies you might use from the rest stops.”
“Super!  Okay, as my Chief of Staff, you will be in charge while we’re gone.  I’m going to get a few things before we leave so I’ll meet you back here in a few minutes.”
Soon, they headed down the secret stairs to meet their escort and begin their first real adventure. Caryn was exhilarated. “The game is afoot!” Then she whispered to the girls, “I read that somewhere.”
Everyone in the room wished them a safe and successful journey as they disappeared into the tunnel surrounded by Bixby’s escort team.
Although their search games had never included this particular tunnel, its wide berth, high ceiling and smooth floor was not surprising. Every tunnel they previously traversed was similar. Sun vents lit the way and every ninety meters there was a large compass engraved in the floor that showed their direction of travel.
As they progressed northward, Julie paused at each compass to make detailed notes and diagrams.
“What’s that stuff mean?” asked Amy.
“It’s a map so we can find our way back.”
“Julie, these people already know how to get where we’re going and how to get back.”
“Yeah. They probably do. But I’m going to make a map anyway.”
“Why?”
What if something happens and we have to find our way back…, all alone…, without them?”
“Oh come on, what could happen? Nothing! It's just a trip to see those people.”
“Says you. But, what if––"
“Yeah, yeah. You and your 'what ifs'. More walking and less writing. You’re slowing us down. Keep up would ya!”
Caryn suddenly stopped and the girls almost bumped into her. “Girls, please stop arguing. It’s irritating.”
“Oops! Sorry Mom. We’ll be quiet. Can we whisper?”
“Yeah Mom. Me too. Sorry. I’ll draw my map faster.”
After hours of travel they reached a circular junction room with a round table in the center and openings to several tunnels leading in various directions. And, it was lunchtime.
“Your Majesty, there are rooms just there where you can refresh yourselves whilst we prepare your mid-day meal” said a young maid who had chosen the name Sarah.
“Thank you Sarah. But what of all of you? We can't possibly fit everyone in there.”
“True Ma’am. You three should refresh yourselves and we shall then follow.”
“Hmm,” muttered Caryn as they entered the wash room, “we get to go first. I guess rank does have its privileges.”
During lunch, she wondered about the mysterious silver sheath.  What the heck is a silver sheath anyway? I hope I can recognize it if we find it.
After resting, Caryn stood up and looked around the room at the tunnels. “Does anyone know which one of these tunnels we should take?”
Before anyone could answer, Lewis and Clark bounded over to an entrance, sat one on each side, and barked.
“Well, I guess that answers my question.”
Sarah was utterly surprised. “Ma’am, they are correct. That’s amazing!  How could they know?”
“I have no idea. But Lewis and Clark are very special puppies Sarah. And, they have some pretty unique abilities.”
“Ah… They must be the ones we have all heard about.  I should have known.”
“Pretty amazing, huh. And they’re cute as well.”  Caryn picked up her bag and slung it over her shoulder. “All right then, let’s get started.”
Their escort formed up like a well-trained platoon and marched between the puppies into the tunnel. This passage was not quite as ornate or decorated as the first but it was well lit and, interestingly, was marked with a line and the words twenty kilometers.
“Sarah... what does this twenty kilometers mean?”
“That’s the distance to the central tunnel room Ma’am. And over here the compass shows that we are now on a heading of three hundred degrees.”
“That’s north-west Mom.  Just like Bart––” Julie suddenly remembered her etiquette and corrected herself. –– “I mean, just like Lord Bixby taught us!”
Amy held up her compass bracelet. “Yeah Mom. See?”  The needle pointed in the same direction as the one engraved into the floor. “It’s just like Lord Bixby said only…, it’s a little more west than north-west Julie.”
Julie looked at her compass. “Yeah, yeah, I know. That’s what all those numbers are for. I remember that stuff too!”
“Well girls, I’m glad both of you paid attention in class and understood all that gibberish.  Good job.”
Hours later, the light began to dim as they approached another room furnished with comfortable sleeping quarters.
“Whew” exclaimed Caryn, wiping her brow. “Thank goodness.  I’m exhausted.”
Sarah gave some instructions to the others in the troupe, walked over to Caryn and bowed.  “Ma’am, dinner will be ready shortly and your beds will be made up thereafter. Is there anything else you require?”
Julie was acting very anxious. She pulled on Sarah’s sleeve. “Is there a bathroom here?”
“Bathroom…? Oh. Right. You mean a loo or, um, a toilet.  Yes Your Highness, just there.”
“Thanks.” Julie took off running, Amy followed and Caryn said, “Thank you Sarah. I think we all need to clean up a bit before dinner. It’s been a very long walk.”
The next four days went much like the first. Before retiring that night, Sarah told Caryn they should arrive at the observation point the next morning. “And if luck is with us, the snow and ice will have already melted.”
It was a restless sleep for the Queen that night. She kept dreaming of a battle at a rural house wherein a man was forced to defend his family from hostile aggressors. She saw him pull an incredibly shiny sword from its silver scabbard and fight for his life.  What a strange dream she thought when she awoke.  I wonder how it ends.
The next morning, they were on their way very early and soon arrived at a sheer stone wall at the end of the tunnel. When Caryn saw it, she asked if they had made a wrong turn.
“No Ma’am. This is correct. The wall before you is actually a blocking door.”
“Oh. Lord Bixby did tell us about them. But, during our treasure hunts, all the tunnels were open. What do we have to do now?”
“We must first observe the other side to see if anyone is there. Please do exactly as I do and you will see.” Sarah closed her eyes and put one hand on the wall’s surface.
Do exactly what she does she said. Okay, put my hand on the wall to see what’s on the other side. This is weird. 
She tried touching the wall with one eye open but nothing happened. Then remembering Sarah’s movements, she closed both eyes and tried again. When her hand touched the wall, she gasped, “Oh-my-gosh, I can see the outside!” She pulled her hand away. The vision disappeared. She closed her eyes and put her hand back on the wall. “Sarah, it’s like I’m seeing the opening of the tunnel with my eyes closed. Is this real?”
“Yes Ma’am.  What you see is exactly that which is on the other side of the blocking door.”
“Wow, what a trip!  How come I can do this…, see through the door I mean?”
“You have been given a key Ma’am.”
“What's that got to do with seeing through solid stone?"
"You have the power of the key Ma'am."
"The power of... This is crazy but, okay. What’s next?”
“Open your eyes and I will show you Ma’am.”
Sarah stepped back, waved her hand in a small circle and the blocking door slid sideways into the tunnel wall revealing a large opening to the surface.
“Wow! Did you see that Sis? I wish we could do that.”
Sarah heard Julie’s wish. “You both can Highnesses. You have also been given a key.”
“Really…? Can we try?”
Sarah showed them where to stand, what to do and the girls practiced making the massive stone slide back and forth. They started dancing around and waving their hands but, after a dozen opens and closures, Caryn stopped them.
“Okay girls, it's great fun but that’s enough. It’s time to continue.” She stepped past the door and scanned the scene outside. “Well Sarah, you were right. What I see is exactly what I saw with my eyes closed. Wow. That’s amazing."
“It is Ma’am. However, please be aware that the remainder of your journey is on the surface where we cannot go. Please be careful and return safely.”
Lewis and Clark ran out to scout the area and quickly came back yipping as if to say it was okay to go.
“I think they’re telling us it’s safe out there Mom.”
“So it would seem Amy. Okay girls. Let’s go.”
Sarah watched them walk farther and farther away until they disappeared from sight down the hill. Then she sighed, wiped away a tear and turned toward the escort team.
“They are now out on the surface alone and unprotected. Please use the sound tubes to let Lord Bixby know.”
Navigating their way down the hill was relatively easy until they reached a long flat ridge that stopped them in their tracks. Caryn looked over the edge, sighed, and backed up.
“That’s a long sheer dangerous drop girls. We’ll have to find a way around this ledge. Okay navigators, should we go east or west? And, by the way, where are the puppies?”
“Don’t know but I’ll call them with my whistle Mom.”
“I still can’t hear anything when she blows it Mom.”
“I can’t either Julie. But Lewis and Clark can.”
When they heard barking, they looked down over the ledge and saw the puppies waiting just below its east end.
 “There they are. See Mom? Lewis and Clark are navigators too. Let’s follow them.” She ran eastward, paused and looked back. “Hey, are you guys coming?”
“On our way Amy! Okay Julie. Let’s go.”
By following the puppies, they safely made their way all the way down to the valley below.
Smoke coming from the chimney of a quaint little farmhouse next to a fast running stream told Caryn people were present. She paused for a moment, looked all around and then gazed at the high snow-capped mountains.
“Look at those peaks and cliffs. Boy, am I glad we had a tunnel to walk through. We never would have made it through all that snow and ice up there.”
They crossed the stream on a short bridge, followed a path to the farmhouse and knocked on the door. No one answered. Caryn knocked again. “Hello in the house!” she yelled but still, there was no response.
“Girls, I want you and the puppies to hide over there while I look around.  I’ll let you know if I find anyone.”
Amy, Julie, Lewis and Clark all took up positions behind rocks and trees while Caryn cautiously walked all the way around the buildings. Again she knocked on the door and again there was no answer so, she pushed on it. The heavy door slowly swung open revealing a fire brightly burning in the hearth and a table set for three.
“Hello, hello… is anybody here?” Then she cautiously stepped over the threshold and into the room.  Someone must have made this fire she thought.  “Hello…!  Is anyone here?  My name is Caryn and I’ve come to greet you... hello... hello!”
The puppies suddenly ran past her into a room. Then she heard yipping and a young voice laughing. She stepped into the room and saw Lewis and Clark rolling around on the floor playing with a boy of about seven years of age.
“Well…, hello young man. It looks like you and the puppies are having fun. But where is your family?”
The boy stood up and just stared silently until Lewis bounded over to Caryn and sat at her foot. Then Clark gently pulled him to her as if to say, it’s okay. She’s a friend.
Caryn knelt down petting Lewis. “Don’t be scared. I won’t hurt you. My name is Caryn. What’s yours?”
“My name is John mum… John Wallace and my Mummy and Daddy will be back very soon.” He was obviously quite frightened by these strangers in the house.
“Well John, it’s a pleasure to meet you and, I would like to meet your parents as well. Do you mind if I wait? You can play with Lewis and Clark if you wish. They’re very friendly and cuddly.”
His face lit up. “Can I…, can I really play with them mum?”
“Yes. Of course you can. But I’m going to wait outside. I don’t think your mum and dad would be happy to find you alone with a stranger in your house.”
She went outside and told the girls to take positions on the high ground, one upstream and one down. "John’s parents should return soon. When you see them, blow your horn.”
Artemus had given them each a small trumpet as a thank you for visiting so often and now was the perfect time to utilize them.  It wasn’t very long before Caryn and John heard one of the girls trying to play her new instrument.
Toot, ter, crack, squeak, tooo, toop...  squeak, terooooooo, squeal, squeak.  Incredible sounds, unlike anything she had ever heard before blared through the valley.
Caryn burst out laughing. “Wow! They definitely need more practice.” She looked through the open door at the boy. “Don’t worry John. That’s just one of my children attempting to play a trumpet. Your parents must be on their way back.”
And once again they heard the squeaks, cracks and squeals that no trumpet in the world had ever before made.
Caryn covered her face with her hands to prevent anyone from seeing just how uncontrollably she was laughing at her daughter’s first attempt at music. She shook her head and muttered, “I don’t know if that was Julie or Amy but, she definitely needs lessons.”
She wiped the tears of laughter from her eyes and saw two people approaching over a small knoll. The man was carrying a string of fish and the woman carried their improvised fishing gear. Caryn waved.
They stopped, looked and cautiously approached. “I am Sir Edwin Wallace. This is my wife Amanda. And who, may I ask young woman, are you?”
“Ah, Sir Edwin Wallace is it. Please forgive us Sir Edwin, Amanda, but the sound you heard was one of my children’s first attempts at playing an announcement on a trumpet. I think she needs a few lessons and, lots of practice.”
Edwin squinted and looked around.  “A trumpet you say.  I’ve not heard one that sounded like that before. What announcement was that to be, and…, who are you again?”
“I am Queen Caryn. I’m happy to see that you are all managing, and quite well it seems. My daughters, Amy and Julie, are somewhere on that hill and these beautiful animals are Lewis and Clark. My troupe is further up the hill and we’ve traveled here to retrieve something of great importance.”
When Caryn said the word ‘queen’, their faces went pale and they bowed. “Your Majesty,” said Edwin nervously, “we were not poaching or trying to steal your land or anything on it.  We just––”
Caryn held up a hand. “It’s okay. I’m not here for anything like that. In fact, I’m quite happy that you found this shelter and that you’re all safe and well.”
They breathed a sigh of relief. “We meant no harm Ma’am.  We were traveling home when a huge explosion capsized our ship and we drifted here on floating debris. I assure you, we were just trying to stay alive.”
“I know Sir Edwin. Believe me, I know. You’ve all survived a terrible war. But now, you’re safe. It’s a bit chilly out here, may we go inside?” Caryn put her hands around her mouth and yelled. “Girls, come down here to the house!”
They went inside, Amanda made everyone a hot cup of tea, John, Amy and Julie played with Lewis and Clark while Edwin and Amanda spoke of their escape from the war and their harrowing trip. It sounded like the same global turmoil Caryn had endured. Evidently, the destruction had been everywhere, even in America.  
Edwin said the ship’s survivors were scattered in all directions during a storm that left them completely alone, clutching a large wooden crate, adrift on the ocean. Luckily, fair winds and strong currents soon carried them to the shores of this land.
“It was strange,” he said. “There was a white dove that brought us some grapes to eat and then kept dropping them further away so that we’d have to follow. Quite unusual actions for a bird, don’t you think?”
“Ah, that would have been Hestia. She’s very good at helping people find the best path to shelter and safety.”
“Hestia…?” questioned Amanda. “You know this bird?”
“Yes I do Amanda, quite well in fact. I’m happy you followed her here. But, I do have to ask, why did you look so scared when you saw me?  I’m certainly not threatening or evil looking…, am I?”
Amanda hesitated for a moment. She glanced at Edwin and put her hand on his.
“We were afraid, Caryn…, um, I mean Your Majesty, that the owners of this place had returned and we’d have to leave. We have no other place to go.”
Edwin placed his other hand on top of Amanda’s. “Is that why you’re here Ma’am, to reclaim your property? Do we have to leave?”
Caryn leaned across the table and put both of her hands on top of theirs. “No, you do not have to leave. You are welcome to stay as long as you wish. So, please relax and tell me more about yourselves.”
Edwin hugged Amanda as relief flushed across their faces. “Thank you Ma’am. Thank you so much.”
For the next hour, the children played and the adults talked of their respective arrivals and of the unusual things they had all encountered.  It was interesting comparing notes but Caryn omitted many details lest these friendly people turned out to be not as they appeared.
“Sir Edwin…, Amanda…, we came to find a silver sheath. I don’t know exactly what it might be but, have you found such a thing, or perhaps something that might be described as such?”
“Sheath…, a silver sheath…? I’m not sure what that is.  Could you be more specific?”
“I wish I could Sir Edwin but that’s all I know.  Have you found any silver articles at all?”
“We have cleaned up a bit,” said Amanda, “and put a number of things in the barn for storage.  Perhaps you can find your sheath there.”
At the entrance to the barn, Amanda pointed. “I put some silver items just there.” They walked past stacks of various farming implements to a far corner where she pulled a burlap cover from a pile of silver articles. “I thought these might be valuable so I tried to protect them as much as possible.  Perhaps your sheath is here.”
“Well,” breathed Caryn, “let’s have a look.”
Most of the items were heavily tarnished and many were damaged but, as the height of the stack diminished, they saw a bright, incredibly shiny silver scabbard.
“Oh-my-gosh, I think this is it! A scabbard is a sheath for a sword and this is just like the one in my dream! Did you find a sword anywhere?”
“No Ma’am. This is everything.”
“Well, I think this is what we came for. Do you mind if we take this scabbard to our castle for further examination?”
“Of course not Ma’am. Please feel free to take it. But, a scabbard without its sword is––”
“Ah yes Sir Edwin. You believe that, without its sword, it is valueless. However, I believe that this is the sheath for which we have traveled all this way. And, we found it just in time. It’s getting late and we have to return to our troupe.”
“Very well Your Majesty” said Edwin with a bow of his head. “It has been an honor having you visit and we wish you a safe and pleasant journey home.”
They walked out of the barn, Caryn called the girls, and Amanda curtseyed. “Your Majesty, thank you so much for letting us stay here. I don’t know what we would have done if we had to leave. This is most generous of you and we’ll take care of your property as if it were our own.”
“Um, may I ask Ma’am, what kingdom is this?  We don’t know exactly where we are.”
Caryn suddenly realized that she didn’t know either.
“Regarding this property Sir Edwin, I’ll have the hall of records checked. If there is a rightful owner who wishes to retake this home, I’ll see to it that you are provided with another place to live. In the meantime, live here in peace and we’ll send word of our findings.”
Just then, the children came running, interrupting their conversation.  It was perfect timing for Caryn to avoid answering Edwin’s question about the name of the kingdom.
John was cuddling and petting Lewis and Clark. “Mummy, Daddy, can they stay please?”
His parents laughed and Caryn said, “I’m sorry John but, we all have to go now.” John looked sad so Caryn sat down next to him. “Don’t worry, we’ll be back. I’m not sure when but we will come and visit again and you can play with them some more.  Is that okay?”
John still looked disappointed but managed to mumble a rather unhappy okay. The puppies yipped and licked his hands and face until he was laughing again.
“Well, I think it’s time. Girls, say your goodbyes. And Sir Edwin…, Amanda…, again, thank you for your hospitality and for helping me find this scabbard.”
They headed back toward the tunnel. But, partway up the hill, Caryn stopped at the end of the ledge and waved to the Wallace family before walking behind it out of their sight.  “We’ll wait here for a while” she told the girls.
“Mom, why are we stopping here..? The tunnel is just a little farther up there.”
“I know Julie but, I don’t want them to see us disappear into the hillside. Let’s keep the tunnel opening a secret.”
“Oh, okay. How long do we have to wait?”
“Not long. They’ll go inside in a few minutes and then we can go up to the tunnel.”
Lewis was lying on top of a rock next to a patch of snow.  From that distance, his white coat made him invisible to the Wallace’s but he could clearly see them. A few moments later, he jumped down from the rock and let out a soft woof.
“There. See? That didn’t take long at all.”
They continued to the tunnel opening, ran inside and Caryn did a quick headcount before waving her hand at the blocking door. With a slight rumble, the door slid shut.
“Welcome back Your Majesty!  Was your trip successful?”
“I think so Sarah, look at this scabbard.”
“Begging your pardon Ma’am. I don’t know what an empty scabbard means, but if this is what you came for then you’ve achieved your goal.”
“Ha!  I’m not really sure what it means either but I hope it’s the right sheath.  It’s the only one I could find.”
“Then, we can only hope it is the correct one Ma’am.  When would you like to leave?”
“Do you think we can make it back to that room we stayed in last night before bedtime?”
“Yes Ma’am, I believe so.”
Within minutes, they were walking back through the tunnel and Julie’s stomach was grumbling. “Mom, when are we going to eat?  I didn’t have any lunch today.”
“We’ll have dinner when we stop for the night honey.  Here, eat this apple while we’re walking. Do you want one too Amy?”  She dug deeper into her bag.
Amy could see that Caryn couldn’t find another apple. “No thanks Mom.  It’s okay, I’ll wait for dinner.”
Sarah heard the conversation and held out a beautiful red apple. “Are you sure you wish to wait Your Highness?”
Amy’s eyes lit up. “Wow, really… I can have it?”  Sarah handed her the treat.  “Gee, thanks!”  She took a bite, looked at Julie and said, “See, I got one too.”
After dinner that night, Caryn was looking at the scabbard, staring at it, thinking of her recurring dream and wondering if it was the sheath described in the map’s clue.
“Mom, can I blow the lantern out now?  I'm sleepy.”
“Oh, sure Amy. Sorry.”
Each night, Caryn dreamt the same dream about the knight and each time there was a little more detail, but the meaning remained a mystery.  Finally they arrived at the central tunnel room to the sound of trumpets, thunderous applause and loud cheers from thousands of residents who had gathered to greet them.
Sarah directed the troupe to divide on either side of the tunnel opening so the Royal Family would be in the center as they emerged from the entrance.  Caryn was surprised and quite puzzled about all the excitement.
“Welcome home Your Majesty” said Bixby with a bow and a smile.  “Welcome home.”
“Thank you Lord Bixby. But, what is the reason for all this? Did something happen while we were gone?
“This is the first time you've returned from a dangerous quest and your subjects are happy to welcome you back. It is as much for them, as it is for you.  You are now an established hero of the realm.”
“What…, me, a hero?”
“Yes Ma’am. Now please, follow me. Your bath is ready and, thereafter, dinner will be served.
They followed Bixby as he walked through the crowd while holding his hands high and clapping. People parted, clapped and bowed as the Royal Family passed and soon they were at their private washrooms. Bixby held his hand toward the open door. “Whenever you are all ready, we shall dine.”
Caryn smelled the sweet aroma of bath oil. “Oh boy does soap and warm water sound good.  Come on girls... let’s go get clean and human smelling again.”
Bixby turned to leave but Caryn stopped him. “Bart, you have to tell me exactly what this hero stuff is all about?  All we did was go to the north-country, meet some very nice people and bring back this old scabbard.  And it doesn’t even have a sword in it!”
“Yes Ma’am. But first, enjoy your bath and I’ll explain at dinner.  I’m sure it has been a very tiring trip.”
“Ha! I must smell really bad huh.” Bixby’s face reddened a little. “Okay, got it –– bath, then dinner –– good plan!”
The warm bath was rejuvenating but the skillful attention given to Caryn’s aching feet was absolutely heavenly and made her feel whole and complete again.
Afterwards, they were escorted to the great hall where thousands of residents awaited their appearance. Caryn was seated at the center with Amy and Julie to her left, Bixby to her right and Lewis and Clark at her feet.  The table was wide enough for several more seats but none were there. Only four chairs were occupied and it seemed very ostentatious to the valley’s new Queen.
As if on cue, the people began shouting, “Speech, speech, speech, speech!” Caryn leaned over to Bixby and whispered, “Bart... um, sorry... I guess this is certainly formal. Lord Bixby, what do they want a speech about?”
“You have just returned from a quest and they wish to hear of your adventure Ma’am.”
“Oh…, my adventure. But the most difficult thing we had to do was to make our way down a slippery hill without falling.  There were no battles or victories and it sounds like they want to hear an adventurous tale. What should I say?”
“Whatever you wish Ma’am.  They are your loyal subjects and want to hear you speak.”
Caryn stared at Bixby for a moment, thinking. “Whatever I want to say...?” She stood and cleared her throat. The crowd went silent.  Her children watched.  Even the puppies sat staring.  She looked around, took a long breath and tried to ignore her stage fright.
“Ahem, well…, I have been told that I’m now a hero for having successfully completed this quest. However, the truth is that our trip was rather non-eventful. We did nothing heroic and brought back only an old scabbard. The people we met were just like us. They seemed friendly and were led to their place by, we believe, Hestia.  So, it would seem that she has something in mind for them much as she did for us although, I don’t know what that might be.”
She took sip of water to quench her dry throat.
“I am hopeful you are not disappointed that I don’t tell you a tale of victorious battles and conquests. I cannot do that because there were none. However, I will tell you about some very special people who made this quest possible.
There are real heroes who emerged from this trip. They are the people in our troupe who did most of the work and stood ready to protect us even while we slept. They, every single one of them, are the real heroes.
Fortunately there were no battles. But if any occurred, they were ready and willing to defend us all. For that, I decree, they shall be known as the true heroes of this, our first quest.”
She leaned down to Lord Bixby and whispered. “Bart, I think they should be seated up here with us. They were, after all, willing to do whatever it took to protect us from harm.”
“Of course Ma’am. I shall have places set for them.”
Bixby motioned to someone standing in the wings. Several people came to him. He whispered instructions. They left and quickly returned with place settings and chairs for the entire troupe. Then he turned to Caryn. “Ma’am, I am familiar with their names. Would you like me to introduce them?”
“Brilliant! Yes. And once again you saved me from embarrassing myself. Go ahead. Do it.”
Bixby announced each person’s name and the audience responded with here, here and a raise of their glass. After they were all seated, Caryn raised her glass, turned to each side and extended her hand.
The crowd cheered, applauded and finally went quiet waiting for the Queen to continue.
 “Every person who has done something for another should be recognized and honored. During our trip, each of you have done whatever was necessary and were ready to do even that which was not required. You honor us with your courage and your willingness to serve your fellow citizens. And so, this celebration is for you. To everyone in our escort, I toast and I thank you. Thank you all!”
Caryn put down her glass, held her hands up high, walked, one by one, to each person, clapped and shook their hand. The audience applauded and cheered for each one of them and she noticed a red blush appear on Sarah’s face. This young woman, Caryn thought, was the kind of person she wanted as a close friend.
In the morrow, they would examine the scabbard. But for now, the residents needed a celebration, an event they could remember.  And so it was. They ate and danced and talked and mingled until finally, they retired to comfortable beds and fell asleep in their beautiful underground city.
~*~
The Knight’s Dagger
“Nuts,” she muttered. “Still dark. Way too early to get up. Why the heck do I keep waking up from a dream about the same thing every night? Something weird is going on in my head. Very strange. Oh well. C’est la vie.”
She yawned, rolled over and slipped back into her same repeating dream. This time, however, there was much more detail. Instead of just random bits and pieces, she could see and hear everything, much like watching a movie unfold.
A knight who had completed his duties fighting endless meaningless battles, left his cadre and returned home to live in peace with his wife and children. The news of his departure infuriated King Leopold. “No knight ever leaves my army. Bring him back. He will return to duty or he will die!”
Two days later, a dozen horse soldiers arrived at the knight’s home. The lead soldier announced: “Your leave has been cancelled and we have been ordered to bring you back. You will continue your duties in the King’s army or be considered a traitor subject to death.”
They talked for a moment and then argued. When their words became more heated, the lead soldier drew his sword. The knight ran to his house, retrieved his own weapon and fought with every ounce of strength he had. But in the end, they were too many and he fell to the ground, defeated.
Caryn was groaning, shaking and fighting to continue the dream and see what would happen next. She saw them take the sword from the knight’s lifeless hand, forced herself to ignore the blood and focused on the weapon’s details.
It was silver with a golden hilt and an ivory handle. She noticed beautiful intricate decorations and several words engraved on its sides but could not make out what they said. Suddenly, she awoke and sat up with a jerk.
“Holy buckets!” That dream…, they killed him. That poor man…, he ––” She sat for a minute, hands over her face, catching her breath, and mumbling. “That sword, it has to be the one for the scabbard. That’s what we have to find, the sword.” She rubbed her eyes and noticed a woman standing silently by the door. “Oh, hello. Good morning!”
“Good morning Your Majesty.”
“I guess it’s time to get up.  Have my children awakened and, um…, what is your name?”
“I am called Karen Ma’am and I will see to your children.”
“Okay but do not wake them or serve them with a summons or anything.  I just wondered if they were up.  If they’re still asleep, let them be for now.”
“Yes Ma’am. As you wish.”
The maid spoke to someone in the hallway and Caryn went to the wash room to freshen up. A few minutes later, another woman came in and whispered something to Karen.
“Was that about my daughters?”
“Yes Ma’am, it was.”
She hung up the towel and thought, here we go again!  Karen is going to answer only the question I’ve asked. Let’s see, how can I word this?   “Karen, have my daughters awakened without disturbance and are they ready to start our day?”
“Yes Ma’am, they have awakened, were not disturbed and are ready to begin.  Also, your morning baths are ready whenever you wish to take them.”
“Yes...!" exclaimed Caryn with a pull of her fist. "I did it and got a complete answer."
"Ma'am..., what does ––?"
"Oh, it’s nothing Karen. A bath sounds wonderful right now. Thank you. Let’s go.”
“Yes Ma’am. Please follow me.”
After an hour of pampered bathing and a delicious breakfast, Caryn asked Sarah about the ownership records of the farm where the Wallace family now lived.
“Lord Bixby already has several people looking for those records and wants to be notified immediately when they are retrieved.”
“How did he know that’s what I –– Oh, never mind. Excellent! I guess it’s time for us to attend Bixby’s class.”
“Very well Ma’am.”
“It’s good to be home” she said as they exited the closet into the library proper. “But, after all that attention down there, I’m not sure we can get used to doing everything ourselves again.”
“Can we move down there?” asked Julie.
“Yeah Mom,” added Amy. “It’s fun to play with the other kids and…, and you don’t have to do any work or anything. Can we, huh?”
“Sorry girls. We still have things to do up here but we’ll be visiting from time to time. Oh, and Bart, we haven’t been out to water the hens in over a week. Do you mind if we delay class a little?  I won’t be long.”
“Of course Ma’am, take your time. We’ll wait until you return.”  He looked at the girls.  “What would the Princesses like to discuss while Her Majesty is gone?”
“Bart,” asked Julie, “why are we called Highnesses and Mom is Majesty?”
“Well, Your Highness…”  Bixby began to explain titles and royal protocols as their mother left the room.
She hurried out to the henhouse, looked inside and saw it was empty.  “Oh no, where did they go?” she asked no one in particular. Oh great! She thought.  Looks like I’ve messed this all up. She looked out toward the west hill. Maybe they just wandered off. I have to find them!
Then she heard a faint sound. Clucking? The hens, yes! It has to be the hens. They were walking toward her in a perfectly straight line on their way back to the henhouse.
“Wow! I have to tell Bixby about this!” She filled the water trough and hurried back to the library.
“You guys won’t believe this” Caryn exclaimed between deep breaths. “The chickens weren’t even there…, in the henhouse I mean.  I had to go look for them.  Whew!”  She took another long breath.
“Gee Mom, what did you do, run all the way back?”
“Yup. Wow. Let me catch my wind.” After several more deep breaths she continued. “They weren’t thirsty at all.  I saw them all coming back from the stream in a line like they were marching or something. They walked right past me into the henhouse.  It was cute. Really weird but cute.”
Julie broke out laughing.  “Marching…? Come on Mom, chickens don’t march.”
“Those chickens did Julie. They were in a perfectly straight line and, oh well, never mind. You had to see it to understand.  Okay, sorry for the delay.” She went to Bixby’s desk. “What’s on the agenda today Bart?”
Julie leaned over to Amy and whispered, “Mom must be tired after that trip we took.  Chickens––don’t––march!”
Amy replied, “I don’t know about that Julie. Some pretty weird things have happened here. Maybe she’s right.”
“No way Amy, I think she’s losing it. Chickens just don’t march.  Let’s make sure she doesn’t have too much to do for a while. I think she needs to rest. Okay?”
Caryn heard them whispering and chuckled. “Okay girls. What are you secretly cooking up this time?”
Julie blushed slightly. “Oh, nothing Mom. We were just…, um…, Amy was telling me that ––”
Suddenly her answer was interrupted by a loud knock on the closet door.
Bixby opened it and a young man handed him some very old documents. “Ah, you have found something. Wonderful. Thank you.”
“I apologize for the interruption but I am the only one of our people who can pass through the closet door into this library and I instructed them to let me know the minute this information was found.”
“No worries. What did they find Bart?”
“The records you requested about the farm in the north. Now, let’s see what we have.”  He spread the papers out on his desk.  “Ah ha, a decree from King Leopold that cancels all leaves for his knights.”
“That might be about the knight in my dream. Can you find out more about him? It might lead us to the sword.”
“Yes Ma’am.  I’ll see to it.”
When they went to class a few days later, Bixby gave Caryn two books. One spoke of the evil King’s exploits and the other was a biography of his inner guard.
“Thank you Bart. I’m going to go read these while you conduct today’s class with the girls.”
“Very well Ma’am. I am sure you will have questions from the content in one of those books.”
Caryn went to a comfortable chair near a window and began reading about the King’s inner guard.
Hmm, it says that one of his Knights had become the King’s most important General by always leading his troops to victory in battle after battle. His unique ability to wield his silver sword and expertly command his troops enabled him to easily conquer the King’s enemies with great dispatch.
When this Knight announced his retirement to return home to his family, King Leopold was outraged about losing his greatest military asset.
Leopold knew his reputation would suffer if he refused to let the Knight take his leave after being true to his oath and fulfilling all his designated duties. So he publicly wished him well and thanked him for his valiant service.
Months later, when Leopold thought everyone had forgotten, he sent horse soldiers to convince the Knight to return or be considered a traitor. The knight refused. He was killed and his silver sword was brought back and presented to the King as evidence of his death.
The sword had a long mystical history of being wielded only by extremely superior warriors. Many wanted this weapon but only a very sparse few had ever carried it.
King Leopold, pleased by the Commander’s success, presented him with the sword and promoted him to General of all southern legions.
As it turned out, he was the same general who commanded the armies encamped in Blackthorn Forest when Bixby’s spell flowed through the entire area. This was the place to search for the missing sword.
“That’s it!” exclaimed Caryn. “That’s where the sword is. Bart, are there tunnels leading to Blackthorn Forest or do we have to go overland?”
“Oh my Ma’am. That is an evil, dark and very dangerous place. There is only one tunnel to that area. We discovered that the forest is always dark as if in eternal night. The result of one of my spells I believe.  Since one can see for only a few feet, observation points are virtually useless so we built no more tunnels to that region.”
“Well, that doesn’t sound very inviting.”
“It is not at all inviting Ma’am. And there are shadowy strange creatures that our people have seen moving near the observation point.”
“Oh, fudge bananas, there’s that creatures thing again.  Okay, what kind of creatures are we talking about?”
“We do not know. They seem to be dark shadows more than substance and black like the night. They move like the wind. I believe they are ghosts of the King’s army.”
“Ghosts you say?  Now you’re telling me about ghosts in the forest. That’s really scary but I still want to know everything I can about this black forest. Going there certainly does not sound like a very enjoyable trip at all.”
“After what I’ve just told you, are you still considering going there?”
“If that’s where the sword is, I have to. We really don’t know how it fits into our search for the counter-spell but, for some strange reason, I believe it does.”
“I respectfully remind Her Majesty that she need not attempt such a treacherous journey. The residents are perfectly happy to leave things as they are.”
“No…, I am not giving up that easily. I’ve given my word to the people and I plan to keep it. But I do want to be as prepared as possible.”
“Yes Ma’am. Then we should gather every bit of information we have about that region so you can make an informed decision. We’ll begin our research today.”
“Excellent. And while you’re doing that, we’ll go back and present the Wallace’s with a deed for their property. Maybe we can learn something else about the sword and how to retrieve it while we’re there.”
The girls lit up when they heard Caryn mention a trip to the Wallace house. “Can we go with you?” asked Julie.
“Yeah Mom, John would love to play with the puppies again. Is it okay if we go too?”
Caryn laughed.  “Play with the puppies, huh?  I think you just want to see John again yourself.” Amy blushed. “Yes girls, you can go. We’ll leave in the morning. And Bart, if it’s all right, we’ll stay downstairs tonight so we can get an early start. Here is a list of things I want to take with us.”
“Yes Ma’am, we’ll make preparations and prepare a deed to the property in their name.”
After a good night’s sleep and a delicious breakfast they went to the central tunnel room. When Caryn saw her large troupe and wagons loaded with supplies and goods she requested, she gasped. “Oh-my-gosh Bart. Did I have that many items on my list?”
“No Ma’am. Not quite that many. The additional items will be used to provide for you and your troupe’s long journey and to also restock the resting areas along the way.”
“Oh. Good idea. Get two things done from one trip. Brilliant! Are those wagons meant to be pulled by horses? They look like ones I’ve seen in cowboy movies.”
“Cowboy movies? I do not know. But these wagons roll easily through the tunnels and have a unique undercarriage that carries them up and down stairs and inclines.”
“Awesome! Looks like we’re ready to head out girls. Wagons ho!” Sarah, Bixby and even the girls stared at her, confused. “Oh, sorry. That means let’s roll, um, let’s go. Still no idea huh? How about this one, Forward march!”
“Mom, everyone is waiting for you to start walking. Did you watch an old cowboy movie last night? That’s weird.”
When they arrived at the observation point, the problem of moving crates and sacks down the steep hill became evident. “Sarah, if we place everything outside the opening and then enlist the help of the Wallace family, would they be able to see the entrance to this tunnel?”
“No Ma’am. But do not pass through the opening whilst within their immediate sight or it will appear to them that you are disappearing into the hill itself and we do not wish to raise their curiosity. Lord Bixby believes it is better to keep them ignorant of the tunnel opening for now.”
“Right. Then, given that, we’ll place everything a short distance away out of view of the opening.”
They spent hours going back and forth to move the crates, boxes and sacks to an acceptable spot. By then, Caryn was exhausted and dusk was almost upon them.
“Okay girls. That’s enough for today. Let’s go back inside for dinner and a good night’s rest. We’ll continue tomorrow.
When they headed back out in the morning, Julie started grumbling. “How come you brought so much stuff Mom?  It’ll take forever to get it all down there.”
“Oh come on Julie. All this work is good exercise, builds up your muscles. And I think the Wallace’s will help after we talk to them on our first trip down.”
“Julie, quit whining and let’s just do it” blustered Amy.  Besides, what else do you have to do today?”
Julie scowled. “Okay, I guess you’re right. Let’s go…, and come back…, and go…, and come back…, and…”
They walked down the path toward their cache with Julie still mumbling, Amy grumbling and Caryn chuckling.
When they rounded the last corner, they stopped and stared at four mules standing next to the pile.
“Oh-my-gosh!” exclaimed Caryn. “Where did you guys come from?” The mules just stood there as if they were waiting to be loaded and led down the hill. “Girls, I’ll bet Hestia had something to do with this. Mules equipped with backpacks and harnesses don’t just appear out of nowhere.”
Amy petted their noses.  Then, she examined the harnesses. “Mom, are these for carrying stuff?”
“I think so Amy. These mules must belong to someone.  Let’s see if there’s anyone around here.  Maybe they just wandered off from their owner or they’re lost.”
“Maybe they belong down by the Wallace’s place Mom.  We can load them up and go down to find out.”
“Ha... Nice try Julie. But, let’s see if there’s anyone else around here first.”
Suddenly, one of the mules pulled off the tarp with his mouth and nudged one of the crates.  Then he looked at Caryn, nudged the crate again and pawed the ground.
“I think we’re being told to get started” Caryn laughed.  “Well. All right then. That should make you happy Julie.”
"See, told ya they belonged down there."
The mules made sort of a whinny-hee-haw noise. The puppies barked and Amy gestured a thumbs-up. “Yay! Rock on you guys and thanks for the help."
Soon, the girls, Caryn, the mules and even the puppies were carrying something down the hill along a path that wound back and forth like a switchback. Near the bottom, Edwin noticed their caravan slowly zigzagging down the slope and jogged up to meet them.
“Your Majesty, let me help you with your things. What is all of this?  Are you moving? Do you need a place to stay yourselves?” Then, his fear returned and his face went pale.  “Are you taking possession of ––”
“No, no, no Sir Edwin, we’re fine and we’re certainly not evicting you. These things are for you and your family.  They’ll help you get started here so consider them a housewarming gift.”
“Housewarming gift…? Ma’am, I don’t know what to say.” Edwin was speechless as they continued the rest of the way but Caryn snuck a wink and a thumbs-up to the girls.
They tied the mules to the porch. Amanda and John came out to help. And together, they made quick work of unloading.  “Amanda, she brought all of this as a gift for us.”
Amanda blushed, looked in one of the sacks and pulled out a can of peas and a sack of flour. “Oh my…, oh my…, thank you. Thank you so much!”
Edwin put his arm around her. “Please excuse my wife Ma’am. We’ve had only fish to eat for several months. To be able to make bread and have vegetables is… well… it's a very welcome treat. Thank you so much!”
“Oh… Sir Edwin…," said Caryn with slightly teary eyes, "you have no idea just how well we know what it’s like to be without food. I am so happy we could do this for you.”
Edwin was also a bit choked up. “Ah-hmm, Ma’am, are your mules hungry or thirsty?  There’s grass here and ––”
“Ah yes, the mules. These lovely animals were found with no owner and they could be quite helpful if you decide to plant any crops. You have a plow in your barn and there’s a myriad of other things that they can do as well. They’re beautiful animals, aren’t they?  I don’t think they’ll be any trouble to keep if you’d be kind enough to give them a home?
Edwin’s mouth dropped open before he managed to reply. “Yes, yes of course Ma’am!  They are very welcome here.  But you said our barn.  Does that mean that ––”
“Yes, it does. It is now yours and here is the official deed. Your ownership is recorded in our Hall of Records and the boundaries are clearly marked on this map. You can also use the lands beyond for crops and grazing as long as you respect their unspoiled beauty. Live here in good health.”
Edwin read the deed, showed it to Amanda and then bent down and showed it to John.  “Do you see this John? This place is ours now. We can stay. It’s our home!”
A wave of emotion flooded Caryn’s heart. She loved giving, and this gift of a home to a good family who had lost everything, put a lump in her throat. She took a deep breath, sighed and regained her demeanor. “Okay, well… uh hmm, that’s done but we have more to do.”
She realized her emotions were showing and thought, get control of yourself Caryn Elizabeth. Enough of the soggy stuff. Boy, I hope Bart can’t read my thoughts from this far away. I’d be so totally embarrassed if he knew I almost cried. 
“Okay girls, we’ve got lots of things to carry inside.”
She picked up a sack and went through the front door.  The girls followed suit, then the Wallace’s and soon, they were opening the crates. Bixby’s friends had added some surprises to Caryn’s basic list. One crate was filled with hammers, nails, saws and various other tools. Another was filled with fasteners and hardware of all kinds. A third crate contained canned fruits, vegetables, jellies and preserves. And a fourth was filled with seeds for planting various crops and books on how to care for and harvest them.
Just then, Amy asked if they could out and play. “Sure, go ahead and have fun. We’ll be here sorting out all this stuff.”
“Ma’am, this is too much. It’s incredible but, with respect Ma’am, we have no way of paying for all this. The land, the property, all this food, these tools and the mules, no one gives such things for nothing.  What can we give in return?”
Caryn chuckled and walked slowly around the table, thinking.  She looked at all of the supplies as if she were counting them. The Wallace’s waited in silence.
”Sir Edwin…, Amanda…, I believe that, since we have an abundance of these things and you, a good and honorable family, need them…, it is my duty to see that you get them.”  Caryn stopped and pointed up for emphasis.  “But” she exclaimed!  “There is something I want.”
“Oh yes Ma’am, anything.  You’ve saved our lives.  Here, I have this gold watch and ––”
“No, no, keep it. What I do want is for you to rebuild your lives as best you can. I and my girls have been given a similar chance and we know what it feels like to lose everything.  Be healthy, happy and prosperous here, in your new home. That is how you can repay me.”
Amanda and Edwin looked at each other, sighed with astonishment and went back to examining the gifts. Amanda held up a can and said, “Apple pie filling… and flour… and… oh my, I haven’t tasted an apple pie in so long.”
Tears welled up in her eyes as she got up. “I have to make us some tea.  Please excuse me.”  She turned to hide her emotion and disappeared into the kitchen.
Caryn quietly smiled and sat down in a chair by the fireplace. Edwin sat on the floor looking at the tools and hardware mumbling, “Thank you… thank you… thank you.”
A few minutes later, Amanda came back with tea and a smile. “Actually Ma’am, I do have something for you. After you left last time, I kept looking in the barn and found this silver knife. I remembered the empty silver case you took and thought this might be important. It looks just like it, only smaller. I tried to clean it up but I couldn’t get it out of its case to clean the blade so I don’t think it has any value.”
Caryn set her teacup down to examine the knife.  Except for the smaller size, the scabbard was identical in design to the one they found before and the handle looked just like the sword in her dream.
“This is interesting. You said it’s stuck?”
“Yes Ma’am.  We tried everything but it wouldn’t come out of its case.  It’s ––”
Edwin corrected his wife. “I think it’s called a scabbard Amanda.”
“Oh yes, sorry… scabbard. We couldn’t get it out of its scabbard.  It’s either rusted or jammed somehow but, certainly of no value like that.”
Caryn looked at the knife’s detail and markings. Then she gripped the handle in one hand, the scabbard in the other and easily slid the shiny silver knife out from its scabbard.
“I though you said it was stuck.”
Edwin stood up, Amanda stepped closer and they squinted at it in disbelief. “I don’t understand. We both tried and it was stuck. We couldn’t budge it!”
Caryn examined the blade, the hilt and the handle.  It was an identical but smaller version of the sword used by the Knight in her dream. She slid the knife back into the scabbard and pulled it back out again. “Perhaps there was something holding it that you cleaned off. It’s just fine now.”
“Well, I’m happy we could, at least, give you something more than just a cup of tea.”
“Actually, I think you’ve given me something of great importance in this and I thank you for it.”  She stood up and put the knife in her bag. “Well, this visit has been very enjoyable but now it’s time for us to return home.” She walked to the door, opened it and called to her girls.
Edwin was still overwhelmed. “Ma’am, “I don’t know how to thank you. All this is… well… it’s­­ ––”
Just then, Amanda’s emotions got the better of her.  She hugged Caryn and, with tears running from her eyes said, “Caryn, I cannot ––” Suddenly, she let go and took a step back.  “I mean… oh, I’m sorry Your Majesty!  I just… I mean that… uh ––”
Caryn put her hand on Amanda’s shoulder to stop her verbal fumbling. “It’s fine Amanda. You don’t have to apologize. We’re friends.  At least, I hope we are.  We’ll see you again so please, enjoy our gifts and stay well.”
Handshakes, thanks and hugs were passed all around and they all started walking up the same switchback path. Just before a sharp turn around a large rock ledge, Caryn stopped. “This, I’m afraid, is as far as you may go, at least for now. We’ll see you again, soon I hope.”
With one more goodbye, they walked around the corner and disappeared from the Wallace’s sight to complete their climb back to the tunnel where Sarah had everything organized for their trip home.
“Your Majesty, did things go well?”
“Incredibly well Sarah. You should have seen the look on their faces when they discovered what we were giving them.  It was wonderful. And you snuck in a few things I never even thought of.  Well done Sarah. Very well done!”
“Thank you Ma’am.  We thought they could use a few tools and some hardware.  I am happy the gifts were well received.”
“Oh yes, that they were.  It seems we make a very good team.  I never would have thought of a saw or an ax. Oh, and by the way, look at this.”  Caryn pulled out the knife.
Sarah examined it.  “A dagger…, and, quite a beautiful one it is!  Does this correlate with anything in your search Ma’am?”
“I think so.  I’m hoping Lord Bixby can shed some light on it. Ah, I see everyone is ready so let’s go home.”
“Yes Ma’am.”  She handed the knife back to Caryn. “I believe that dagger is an excellent weapon you should keep with you especially during your journey to Blackthorn Forest. It is an effective tool with which you can defend yourself.”
“Defend myself…, with all these people around us? Why would I ever have to do that?”
“Ma’am, when you exit the tunnel opening into Blackthorn Forest, we cannot ––”
“Oh, right. I forgot that little detail. We’ll be alone…, all alone. Well Sarah, I’m hopeful there will be no such adversaries who force me to use this weapon.”
“Let us hope Ma’am, let us hope.”
“Hoping for that might be just wishful thinking. Ah well, let's not worry about the Blackthorn trip right now. It's time to go home from another successful mission.”
During their trip back, Caryn couldn't stop worrying about the Blackthorn Forest quest. For her, failure was not an option.
  Bart said it’s always dark, there are ghostly creatures, and it’s a dangerous evil place. Sounds scary! What if ––
Oh for crying out loud Caryn Elizabeth. Stop being a wuss with all the ‘what ifs’ and get a grip on yourself. Fighting isn’t something you haven’t been through before. Creatures, dark, evil huh? So what.
For now, just focus on getting back home so we can all have a nice warm bath and a good meal.

~ BUT ~
Will she ever have to use the dagger?
Will her mission to the dark forest be merely a treasure hunt…, or will it be a total catastrophe?
Queen Caryn is headed into the unknown and will experience far more than she had ever thought possible.
~*~
The Ghosts of Blackthorn
The morning after their return from the Wallace’s, Caryn brought the silver dagger to breakfast for Bixby’s examination. "Bart, what do you think of this little sword? It looks like a small version of the sword in my dream and Sarah thinks I should keep it with me for protection.” She slid the dagger from its scabbard, slid it back in and handed it to him.
Bixby felt its weight and looked closely at its details.  “This dagger, or little sword as you called it, is extremely well made, exquisite craftsmanship and quite unique!”
“It looks dangerous to me. Speaking of which, is there any more information about Blackthorn?”
“No Ma’am. We’ve not found anything more than you already know. This dagger, however, is noted in one of the writings about a knight before his demise.  It was his weapon of choice in close quarters and his defensive tool of last resort.  It is written that he used it quite effectively when faced with possible defeat at the hands of an enemy and it saved his life several times.  Apparently, he did not have it close by on his last day. Was this also in your dream?”
“No. The first time I saw it was when Amanda gave it to me. The silver scabbards match like they’re part of a set. This has to be the knight’s last resort weapon you just described.  Look at the handle, the hilt and the blade.”
Bixby tugged on the handle but the dagger would not come out.  He tried again. “Hmm, I’m sorry Ma’am but, it seems to be stuck.” He looked more closely. “Is there a catch or lock of some kind that has to be released?”
“Gee, I don’t know. Here, let me see it.” She pulled it out with very little effort. “I don’t know what was holding it” She slid it in and out a few times. “Seems okay now. Here, try it.”
Bixby pulled but, once again, it would not budge. “I believe, this dagger is only for you Ma’am. And, from what I have just witnessed, I agree with Sarah.  Keep it with you and always close at hand.”
Puzzled, Caryn pulled the dagger from the scabbard, slid it in and out a few times and shook her head. “I don’t understand. What keeps it from sliding out when you try it?”
“It has chosen you as its master. No one else can use it.”
“Oh poppycock Bart! Come on now, how can a knife choose anything?  It’s just a knife!”
Bixby tried again but the two pieces would not come apart. “Well, it can be pulled for the ready by you, but not by me.  Tell me Ma’am, except for you, has anyone been able to pull it from its sheath?”
“Sure, the Wallace’s…, um, no, actually. Come to think of it, they couldn’t pull it out either. Now that you mention it, no one could do it. Why can I pull it out but no one else can?”
“Ma’am, I can only surmise that it has some sort of purpose that you are to execute.”
“Purpose? Well, if that’s the case, I’d better heed Sarah’s, and your advice and keep it with me on our next trip.  Speaking of which, let’s get started on our plan.”
“Yes Ma’am.  Here is everything we know.”
They reviewed Bixby’s notes about the forest, the army, their general, the spell and the terrain but it was far too little upon which to base a firm strategy. Caryn folded her arms and closed her eyes trying to sort out what to do next. Everyone awaited her decision in anxious silence. Then she looked at the map, at Bixby, at her children and sighed. “Okay girls, we are going on a scouting mission!”
“Where to Mom?” asked Julie.
“Oh rats!” exclaimed Amy.  “It’s to that dark yucky Blackthorn place isn’t it?  Do we have to go?”
“Yeah Mom. If we go will we be gone long?  We think something needs to be planted in the garden and we don’t want to be late doing it ‘cause it might not grow.”
“Grow…? Julie, you want to do some planting…? Ha! Right. Sure you do.  And do you also have a bridge you want to sell me?  Nice try kiddo.”
Julie shrugged.  “Well, it was worth a try.”
“Lord Bixby, we will leave tomorrow morning.”
“Yes Ma’am, your troupe will be ready.”
Six days later, Caryn peered into the last section of tunnel that would take them to Blackthorn Forest.
“Holy Moly Sarah! It’s still daylight here but pitch black in there. How are we going to see anything?
“We have lanterns to light the way Ma’am. I suggest we rest here for the night. It will take a full day to reach the observation point in the forest tomorrow.”
“Very well. We’ll stay here for the night and tomorrow we’ll travel through a tunnel where it’s always night. Ha! This quest is beginning to feel very real.”
The next day, or night as it were, they arrived at the huge stone blocking doors between them and Blackthorn Forest.
“Hurray! We’re here…, finally. Let’s have dinner and get a good night’s sleep. Um, it is night now, isn’t it?”
“I believe so Ma’am. Although there are sun vents here, the sun never shines in this area.”
That night, Caryn slept a troubled sleep and was eventually awakened by Lewis and Clark nudging her face with their cold noses. She yawned and stretched. “Oh…, good morning guys…, and Sarah. Guess it’s time to get moving.”
“Have you rested enough to continue?”
“I think so. How long have we slept?”
“I’m not sure Ma’am, perhaps several hours. I wish it were possible for us to go into the forest with you but, since we cannot, we have attempted to supply you with everything you might need. These knapsacks contain lanterns, food and water. And you do have your dagger with you, do you not?”
Caryn pulled it from her bag. “Yup, got it right here. Good thing you reminded me…, creatures and all that.” She attached it to her belt and pulled it from the scabbard.  “Do you think I really need this thing?”
“Better to have it than not Ma’am. Please be careful. We shall await your safe return.”
After breakfast, they opened the blocking doors and walked out into the ghostly darkness of a forest that hadn’t seen even a sliver of light in centuries.
It looked like a huge black canvas with no visible detail as if a fire had ravaged every bit of life but left trees and branches still intact. Everything they touched had a black surface of soot that quickly covered them with its greasy dark film. Even Lewis and Clark were no more than black furry balls nearly invisible against the forest floor.
They had been walking for only a few minutes when Julie suddenly said, “Mom, I can’t see a thing.”
“Neither can I” echoed Amy.  “How are we ever going to find a sword in this place?  We can’t even see the tunnel anymore. Are we going to get lost or are we already lost?”
Caryn began to think this whole scouting thing was a bad idea and finding anything in such darkness was impossible.
“Girls, you’re right. This isn't working.  Let's go back and figure out some other way to find the sword.”
“Okay Mom but, which way is back?”  Julie was holding her lantern near the ground looking for the white stones she had been dropping to mark their path.  “The stones are gone.  We’re lost… I knew it… I knew we’d get lost!”
“Calm down Julie.  Let’s look at our compasses.  We’ve been walking east so ––” Caryn flushed with fear when she held the lantern close to her unreadable soot covered bracelet. As she tried to wipe it off, Lewis and Clark began barking and the sound of galloping horses filled the air
“Girls, put out your lanterns. Get down and stay quiet!”
They blew out their lanterns and waited as thundering hoofs came closer and closer, louder and louder until suddenly, they stopped.
Shadowy figures began moving all around them like bursts of cold air with no physical presence.
They tried to remain motionless, hidden in the darkness. Then Caryn felt something on her shoulder. She pulled away.  Then she felt hands lifting her up. “Hey!” she yelled.
She was thrown up on an animal. It felt like a horse but in the ethereal darkness she couldn’t tell. 
Dim shadows flew all around them. The girls yelled, screamed, fought and kicked. Lewis and Clark were stuffed into a sack still barking and whining. Then it went silent.
It was impossible to escape from ghosts that moved with such speed in the black of night and the entire Royal Family quickly became their prisoners.
Once again, the sound of thundering hoofs echoed through the forest as they were taken to some unknown place. Once there, Caryn and her daughters were thrown to the ground in front of a dark figure. She squinted trying to see who or what this creature was.
That momentary silence was broken by his cold, sadistically growling voice. “Well, well, well, what have we here? Three little females. And they're all alone. Men, I think we will have a great deal of fun with them.”
A chill ran down Caryn’s spine when she imagined what he meant by “fun”.
 “And you brought dogs…? What can we do with dogs?”
He dropped the sack to the ground with a thud.  A yip and a whine came from inside.  “Perhaps they can provide us with some entertainment. Target practice for the archers might be interesting to watch. You there, put them in a cage!”
He turned toward Caryn and leaned very close. She could feel his cold breath and smell the repulsive stench of death.
“Hmm…” he growled. “What shall we do with these females?” His cold hand brushed the side of her face. “This one is an adult. She might be useful but those two children will never grow up in this place.” He moved toward the girls.  “Children are nothing but problems. Let’s find out if they are like us or if they can die.”
A glint of light from shiny steel flashed across Caryn's face as he drew a sword.  She forced her eyes to adjust to the dark… squinting, pushing her vision to its limits. The sword’s hilt gave off a soft glow revealing a white handle gripped by a black hand. This was the sword in her dream.  Even in the darkness, its sparkle was clearly visible and his intent to harm her children was even more evident.
She stood to take a step toward him to plead for their lives but he pushed her back to the ground.
“You, Private,” he ordered, “secure the two children together. I want to see if this blade will take off two heads with a single blow.”
The soldier hesitated.  “But… Sir, they are just childr––”
“Are you questioning my orders?” he growled holding the sword against the soldier’s throat. “This blade can kill even us. Do it now or you will be the first to taste its metal!”
Caryn’s fear instantly turned into rage. She scrambled to her feet. Her arm brushed against the knight’s dagger, his weapon of last resort. She pulled it from its scabbard and lunged at the shadow of the man who would kill her children.
“You will NOT harm my girls!”
Her action surprised the swordsman. He turned to attack but she had fallen to the ground and rolled to the side.
In an instant, she was back on her feet attacking him. Her blade slashed through the darkness in his direction but she was unable to see exactly where to strike.
She screamed, yelled and wildly stabbed at the shadow and suddenly, a spark flashed between their blades.
For a moment, his cold emotionless eyes that showed no compassion or mercy were clearly visible. It was frightening but Caryn continued her violent attack with even more vigor.
He swung his sword. She slipped on the greasy black ground and fell. The blade passed above her head. She rolled toward him, slashed at his legs and felt her blade slice through something solid. He faltered. In an instant, she was back on her feet ferociously attacking this evil spirit.
Their blades crashed together. Sparks, then lightening flashed between them. The electric current continued to flash between his sword and her dagger and Caryn could see that his leg was visibly injured.
He swung at her with incredible force. But Caryn’s dagger stopped the larger blade with a burst of energy so bright, it lit the entire area and momentarily blinded eyes that had become accustomed to total darkness.
She seized the opportunity and lunged at his throat. Her dagger found its mark. He choked and stumbled backward. She stabbed at his heart. Their blades slammed together, sparking and flashing until the entire area was bright as day and Caryn was solidly on the offense.
She continued screaming and slashing until he fell to his knees and then to the ground, choking, gasping and dying.  
The enchanted silver sword fell from his hand and slowly dimmed to a yellow glow and then, to darkness.
“No one will hurt my children!" she screamed. "No one, do you hear? Now be gone with your hateful soul!”
Finally, on her hands and knees over his body, she wondered who would attack her next. She looked around, trying to see anyone approaching. It was too dark to see how many soldiers surrounded them and she questioned if she could even go on. But there was no further movement.
She grabbed the knight’s sword in her other hand and stood. Its orange glow crept up her arm in a white glistening aura that ran across her shoulders and down her other arm to the dagger. She heard gasps from the shadows when the light surrounded her entire body.
“Have you soldiers had enough of your fun?  Are you going to let us leave now or is there someone else who wishes to do us harm?”
Her angry voice echoed throughout the forest but there was no response from any of the soldiers as she put her dagger away and opened her bag.  With sword in one hand and its scabbard in the other, she slid the blade back into its home.
“There. Now you two are finally reunited.”
The instant the sword’s hilt seated against the scabbard’s opening, it began to glow even more brightly. Then, it crackled, sparked and sent a long bright arc up to the trees over their heads. She held it up high with both hands, much as if presenting it to someone in the sky and light traveled from between her hands to a treetop. It danced from limb to limb and tree to tree spreading its sparks in an ever widening umbrella of electricity, crackling and snapping as it lit the top of the forest. From above their heads, it traveled down to the ground, becoming louder and louder until the ground itself began to shake and flakes of black soot began to fall.
“The ground shakes. What has this woman done?” asked one voice.
“She has defeated the General!  She must be a sorcerer!” exclaimed a second.
“No. Only a royal could do that.  She has to be the new monarch.” said another.
“A woman?” questioned a forth.  “That cannot be!”
The ground quieted, the black snow ceased and the sun started to shine through trees to the ground. Light was beginning to penetrate Blackthorn Forest for the first time in centuries. Sunlight, welcome sunlight, without which nothing can grow. Something monumental had happened but Caryn wasn’t aware of what she had actually done.
Within minutes, the entire forest was flooded with sunlight. Soldiers, who had been living in total darkness for centuries, squinted and covered their eyes. Caryn could now see their would-be captors. The army of soldiers who had been trapped by a spell rubbed their eyes and stumbled around in obvious confusion.  One of them finally stepped forward.
“To have done such a deed you must be royalty. But you are a woman.  We have long awaited a great warrior, a man of extreme power. However, the general is now dead. Therefore, you must be a queen for only a sovereign could have accomplished what you have done.”
Her heart raced as she searched her mind for a way out of the terrible turmoil.  More soldiers slowly approached to see if what they had witnessed was indeed true. Was their general really dead?  Had this small unknown woman really defeated him?  There was no possibility of escape so Caryn had to sound very regal once again.  She changed her grip on the sword ready to pull it from its scabbard.  A long breath escaped her slightly parted lips before she spoke.
“This despicable excuse for a man on the ground before me is no longer your general and the King you served is also dead. I am Queen Caryn and these are my daughters. Who may you be soldier and why have you brought us here?”
The man knelt.  “A thousand apologies Your Majesty. I am the Colonel of this regiment and you have vanquished our general.  It was he who ordered us to capture you. He was even more malevolent than King Leopold. For your deed, we thank you and hereby pledge our allegiance.”
Caryn was still holding the sword at the ready with one hand on the scabbard and the other on its handle. She relaxed slightly and lowered it but maintained her grip. Adrenalin was forcing enormous amounts of blood through her veins but she controlled her rage and used words instead of steel.
“You pledge your allegiance do you?  After what you have just done, how can I believe you?”
“Your Majesty, we are just poor farmers and tradesmen drafted into the King’s army with no choice but to follow whatever orders are given.  You have freed us all from his cruelty and this forest from its spell.  As Monarch of this land you are now our Queen and we shall serve as you command.”
While they were speaking, the whole forest was changing.  Water started to flow in a stream. On its banks, the black fallen leaves and soot dissolved into new green sprouts bringing long awaited life back to the now revived woodland.  
A fresh gust of wind blew off the black greasy soot in a cloud of powder that fell to the ground. The trees creaked and groaned starting their long awaited spring tradition of growing new green foliage. The spell, at least for Blackthorn Forest and those trapped within, was finally lifted.
Caryn took several more deep breaths as she looked at the changes that were rapidly occurring around them and then her attention went back to the soldier kneeling before her.  “Are you now the commanding officer of this force Colonel?”
“Yes Your Majesty.  The general is dead.  I am next in rank and, therefore, now in command.”
“And these soldiers will follow your orders?”
“Yes Your Majesty, they will.”
“Then, if what you say is true Colonel, you shall first release Lewis and Clark from those cages!”
With only a nod from the Colonel, two soldiers immediately scrambled to open the cages and both dogs ran to the stream to splash and frolic in the water. With their black soot gone, they were once again white and cuddly.
Caryn relaxed a bit more and looked out over the army of warriors squinting at each other and rediscovering everything around them. One by one, they followed the puppies lead and washed the black soot from themselves in the clear flowing water.  More and more of them followed. And, as the greasy dirt disappeared from their bodies, Caryn could see that they were not ghosts at all, just ordinary men.
She attached the scabbard to her belt and took another deep breath.  “I think I’d like a better look at these soldiers you now command Colonel. You said you are now their highest ranking officer did you not?”
“Yes Ma’am, It is as I said.”
“And you have pledged your allegiance to me?”
“Yes Ma’am, I have and again I reaffirm it.”
“Very well then. Let us see how your men react to my presence.  Come, walk with me.”
As Caryn approached the closest group of soldiers, each one knelt to the ground, bowed his head and said, “My allegiance is to you my Queen.”
They walked around the circle of soldiers that surrounded them and, as they passed, a wave of bowing heads flowed from front to rear.  Along with the clank of an armor covered knee striking the ground, they heard voice after voice say the same thing.  “My allegiance is to you my Queen.” Over and over she heard the same pledge. After completing the circle, she stopped and looked the Colonel squarely in the eyes.
“Colonel, I believe that you and your men have, quite literally, entered into a new day and now have a new purpose.  How many men are here under your command?”
“Just over ten thousand Ma’am. Why do you ask?  Is there a new campaign you wish us to begin?”
Caryn smiled and stepped up on a small ledge. “No Colonel.  I just want to know how many mouths I have to feed and care for.”  Then, she turned toward the troops. “Soldiers, hear me! Your dark purgatory has ended.  This forest is restored to its original state. Life can now continue!”
Her voice carried to their ears, over their heads and back, back, all the way through the forest. She remembered Bixby’s voice doing the same thing in that huge room of underground residents but it surprised her as she realized that some force was making her words carry to the farthest reaches of the forest and was heard by every soldier.
For a few moments she paused to observe the expressions and body language of the soldiers. Then she continued.
“You have been here longer than you can possibly know, centuries I am told and” –– Her voice softened slightly, –– “I am sorry to tell you that the lives of those you knew, those people who were outside this prison of darkness, no longer exist. Their lives have continued without you.”
She stepped down and heard the buzzing of many voices as soldiers questioned each other about her statement. Their joy of being finally freed quickly turned to sadness when they realized just how long they had been imprisoned.
The Colonel realized his own loss and, with a despondent look, closed his eyes.  He took a very long sigh, rubbed his face, pushed his emotions aside and approached the Queen as would a true commander.
“Your Majesty, we must send word of this day to every living soul in the land. Every man here is at your command. What are your orders?”
A lump of compassion crept into Caryn’s throat as she saw him forcing back his own sadness. She felt his sorrow and put her hand on his shoulder. The remaining soldiers snapped to attention, some with tears in their eyes and others with a lump in their throat. But all were ready to carry out The Queen’s will.
She gave the Colonel a comforting pat, a compassionate smile and stepped back up on the ledge.
“This forest has begun its return to life. The water is now clear and you will find apples, pears and many other edibles ready to be picked.  As soldiers of the realm, I know you are capable of surviving for a time so you will remain here in your camp until my return in two fortnights!”
There was another buzzing of voices.  Caryn understood their skepticism about the food.  She looked directly at the men in front and said, “You doubt my words?”
They looked at each other and shuffled a little daring not to speak but still unconvinced.
“Tell the man behind you and the one behind him and the next and the next until this message is passed to the platoon at the top of that hill. Tell them to pick the reddest apple within reach and pass it forward.” The men just looked at Caryn for a moment wondering who would pass her message first.  “Do it –– NOW!” she ordered.
Several of them turned around and said “Pick the reddest apple...!”  The next one said the same thing and, within seconds, the words Pick the reddest apple… buzzed through the woods and up the hill to the platoon in the orchard.
Caryn folded her arms and waited.  Now where did I come up with that she wondered?  I hope that picture I imagined of the orchard turns out to be real!  Oh-my-gosh! What if there is no orchard? What will I say then?
Her fear of having said something stupid grew but, within a few moments, a bright red apple was passed from soldier to soldier, from the hill to the ledge. A sergeant was the last one to receive it.  He looked at it, amazed by its beauty. Then he walked forward, knelt, bowed his head and held it up.  “Your apple my Queen.”
Caryn rubbed it on her sleeve, took a bite and said, “umm, very good... and sweet too.  How long has it been since you have tasted a sweet juicy apple Colonel?  Here...”  She held it out.  “Try it.”
The Colonel took the apple and looked at it. “Go ahead, it’s very good!”
He took a bite and his face lit up.  “Yes Ma’am, it is good, very good indeed!  I had forgotten the taste of such a fruit.  It is,” he took another bite, “very, very good!”
Caryn smiled and looked at the soldiers. “Both I and your Colonel have eaten of the apple.  It is safe and it is real.  Tell the men behind you to pick the fruit and pass it throughout your ranks, and then, enjoy your first meal in many years.”
As her order went back through the forest, the men started cheering and soon there was a roar of words and of laughter that echoed through the forest.  Caryn shook her head and thought, a simple apple, something they’ve not tasted since their imprisonment.  Such a thing is definitely a treasure when your stomach has been empty for so long.
Their sense of sight, touch, smell and now, taste, had returned.  Ten thousand men had rediscovered life and were talking and tasting and laughing and cheering.  She let them enjoy their newfound freedom for several minutes and then held up her hands.  The men in front turned to those behind.  The message moved quickly through the ranks and the entire army became quiet.  
“I now give you all a new mission.  You will no longer attack innocents nor plunder any lands.  From this day forward, you are all charged with the protection of this land and everyone in it.  There are many things that have occurred during your time here and you will have to become accustomed to a very different world.  I have faith in your ability to adapt, to improvise and to overcome your emotional and physical hardship. Therefore, I give you this time to talk amongst yourselves and decide to whom your true loyalty shall be pledged.  You will make your decisions while we are gone and inform us of them when we return.  Do you understand these instructions?”
Thousands of voices answered, “Yes Your Majesty.”
The Colonel turned toward his troops.  “Pass the word!  Our new Queen has spoken and it shall be as she has ordered.  Let no man be ignorant of this fact!”
“Well,” Caryn whispered to the Colonel, “I hope I’ve made myself clear.  Do we fully understand each other?”
“Yes Ma’am. I believe we do.”
“Very well.  Then it’s time for us to return home.  In two fortnight’s time, I’ll be back for your answer. Till then Colonel… until then.”  She turned toward her daughters and said, “Amy, your whistle. Call them please.”
Amy blew her whistle and the puppies came running.  Caryn put her hands on the girls’ shoulders, looked at the Colonel and said, “Goodbye for now.”  Then she knelt down, quietly breathed a sigh of relief and whispered, “Okay… Lewis, Clark, we’ll follow you.  I am completely lost.”
With two animal navigators in front, the Royal Family started back to the tunnel.  The soldiers parted and bowed as they all passed by and Caryn nodded to them as if it was the right thing for a royal to do. Amy and Julie remained silent until they were well away from the men.
Finally, out of earshot of the soldiers, Amy burst out with, “Whew, way to go Mom.  Wow! You were rocking!”
“Yeah Mom: where did you learn how to do all that stuff?  You were crazy wild.  Boy, I hope you never get mad at me!”
Amy slapped Julie’s shoulder. “Ha! Did you see how she stopped that general guy?  He never had a chance!”
“Yeah, and all that lightening and those sparks.  That was really cool the way it lit up the whole forest.
“Yeah. Totally cool Julie. And the light when the sun came through. Did you see the look on their faces?”  Ha… really awesome. Way to go Mom!”
Caryn smiled. Hestia, I don’t know if it was you or someone else helping me but thank you for saving our lives.
Lewis and Clark led them straight back to the tunnel and, with a sigh of relief, they walked into the safety of invisibility from the surface.
Caryn learned that, in their absence, when the sun lit up the view around the observation point, Sarah tried to exit the tunnel but was stopped by the invisible barrier. Her concern for their wellbeing was stronger than her fear of what might happen to her on the surface. It was a surprisingly gutsy move and Caryn was relieved that no harm had come to her.
Although they had lifted the spell of Blackthorn Forest, the spell keeping people underground was still in full force.
  “Sarah, please bring what food we can spare keeping only enough for our return journey. We leave this place with many mouths to feed, mouths that we hope will become our friends and allies.”
The provisions were brought to the tunnel opening where they did much as they had done at the Wallace farm by carrying creates and sacks a safe distance away from the hidden observation point.
Lewis and Clark ran to the encampment, led one of the soldiers to the newly created cache of food and stealthily snuck back to the tunnel.
They closed the stone doors and a week later were back in the comfortable underground city. Bixby met them at lunch.
“Your Majesty…, Your Highnesses…, welcome home. I understand you retrieved the sword and that you now have your own army. Congratulations are in order.”
“Lord Bixby, it’s very, very good to be back. It was quite an experience. We did manage to recover the sword and break a spell but I’m not sure it brought us any closer to finding a counter-spell that will free your people. Now that that piece of the puzzle is done I don’t know what to do next.”
“Not to worry Ma’am, I'm sure the map will give us another clue. However, let us set that aside for the moment. Now is the time to celebrate your return from an extremely dangerous mission where you defeated a powerful evil general. So truly, you are now a hero…, our hero. And your people will want to celebrate your success.”
“Well, perhaps, a celebration would be enjoyable. And, my friend, perhaps you can tell me what am I going to do with an army of ten thousand men?  Where do I house them and how do I feed them? I am hopeful we can handle such important responsibilities.”
“Ma’am, you have been through many trials in recent months and have always done well.  I expect you will continue in that same manner. Now, it is time to rest.  You’ve had a very long hard journey.”
Caryn sighed. “Well, as wonderful as rest sounds, I cannot. Tomorrow, we must look for the next clue and, in two weeks, I must leave on another trip to Blackthorn and meet with the army that awaits my promised return.”
“Very well Ma’am… and the celebratory dinner?  Your subjects will be disappointed if you do not appear.”
“Oh yes, of course, a celebration of our victory. I should let them know what we’re doing.  All right, we’ll announce our progress at tonight’s dinner, and tomorrow, we’ll look for the next clue. But, right now, I want to take a nap.  I’m really… really… really exhausted.”
Every soldier had pledged allegiance to the Queen
but how many would actually honor their oath?
Was the Colonel truthful or did he lie to save his own life?
She gave them two fortnights to choose their path.
Would their choice be friend or foe?
The Queen’s questions will soon be answered
on her next trip to Blackthorn Forest.
~*~
A New Mission
Caryn was in the library reading every sentence on the old map over and over and becoming increasingly frustrated.  None of these so called clues make any sense at all. How can I decide which clue is next when I don’t even know what they mean? This is impossible!
Just then, Bixby came out the closet door. “Ah, the map, have you made any progress Your Majesty?”
“Oh, hi Bart, no I haven’t. What’s up?”
“Up Ma’am…?  I’m not sure.”  He looked up at the ceiling and Caryn laughed.
“Oh, sorry, I did it again.”
“Did what Ma’am?”
“I forgot who I was talking to and used another American expression.  What’s up means what’s going on or what are you doing or something like that.  Anyway, you’re early. I didn’t expect to see you for another hour or more.”
“Yes, well, I wanted to update you on the clues we’ve been working to decipher.”
“Oh good, I can’t make heads or tails out of them.  Did you find out which one is next?”
“No Ma’am.  We have not, sorry.”
“Oh fudge bananas.  Well, at least I’m not the only one who’s stumped by these riddles.”
“They are very cryptic and very difficult.”
“That’s for sure, anyway, I have to go back to Blackthorn and meet with the Colonel.  Do you have any suggestions on what to do about these gosh-darn clues?”
“Yes Ma’am, I do.  We are most certainly missing some unknown key. Until we find it, it may be impossible to determine which clue is next.”
“So how do we find this unknown key?”
“My people are searching as we speak Ma’am. But, there is another matter.”
“Oh!  Now you’re going to throw something else at me huh?” Bixby’s face scrunched into a very puzzled expression. “Oops, there I go again, another metaphor. Sorry. What’s the other matter?”
“Ma’am, I suggest you delay your trip.  Now that we can see from the vantage points, a great many of our people are working on additional tunnels that will allow us to observe the entire region.  It should only take a few weeks. Then, we can watch the soldiers for a while to see if they pose any threat.  We cannot protect you on the surface but, if necessary, each tunnel will provide you another means of escape.”
Caryn smiled and patted Bixby’s shoulder.  “That might be a good plan had I not told the Colonel I'd return in two fortnights.  If I don’t, I could lose my credibility with him and the troops.  I have to go as planned.”
The girls came in and heard her statement.  “Oh goody, another trip. We get to go too don’t we…?”
Bixby continued trying to dissuade the Queen. “But, Ma’am, we do not know if their allegiance is truly to you or if they spoke only out of fear. They could be dangerous.”
The girls looked at each other.  “Dangerous…?  Uh-oh! Maybe we shouldn't go” whispered Julie.
“Oh come on Julie. You saw what Mom did the last time.  She can beat anyone.”
“Beat anyone Amy…?  Ha, I don’t think so. And Bart, about the trip. Yes, they could be dangerous but we have a chance to create something worthwhile here and I don’t want to miss the opportunity. I have to see what kind of alliance I can create to protect this valley. As for you girls, yes. You and the puppies can go.”
“Ma’am, perhaps these soldiers will be content to stay where they are and not bother us at all.”
“Oh poppycock Bart, let’s think logically. They're men who had families and they'll search for them even though it seems their loved ones have long since passed away.
They were here at the castle before going to that forest so they’ll eventually remember the lay of the land and return to this place. If they should become adversaries, our only choice would be to fight another war or hide underground. I’ve seen what war does to people and I’m not willing to give up a chance to prevent it.”
“Ma’am, what you say is true. But everyone is concerned for your welfare and we can do nothing to protect you.”
“I appreciate the concern but I told them to make a choice and I would return in two fortnight’s time for their answers. Besides, we need strong backs and willing minds and they are the perfect candidates. No Bart, I understand your concerns but I must go. I have to see if I can make this a better place for them and for us. We’ll leave on schedule just as planned.”
Two days later, Caryn and her troupe set out for Blackthorn Forest. During the trip, she kept thinking about being alone with all those soldiers. It was a scary thought. Saying those words to Bixby was the easy part. Actually doing it was something else again.
They arrived at the end of the tunnel late on the sixth day and set up camp for the night. A morning arrival would suit her plan. Before going to sleep, she pulled out her diary and added a few comments.

Tomorrow morning, I’ll walk to the soldiers’ camp to meet with the Colonel and I’m scared out of my mind.  Last time was very strange and I don’t know if I can do something like that again.  If they become hostile, I’m not sure I can escape so I’ve given instructions to Bixby and Sarah in case I don’t make it back.  They know they must take over until Amy and Julie are old enough to rule.  I hope it doesn’t come to that.  The soldiers could be of great help in rebuilding the city.  The Colonel seemed honorable and his intentions earnest.  I hope I read him right.  There has to be a few good men in that army, maybe more.
That night, she dreamt about what she would do if the soldiers became hostile. What scared her even more was what she would do with ten-thousand men to command.  Fear of failure was, by far, her greatest apprehension.
At dawn, the blocking doors were opened and she walked out into beautiful Blackthorn Forest.  The sight surprised her.  Wow she thought.  This place really did flourish.  Guess I was so scared when we left I just didn't notice.
“Okay guys, let’s get started. Lewis, you’ll get the Colonel and bring him to me.  Clark, you should stay near enough to Lewis to see what’s happening but stay out of sight.  If the soldiers get nasty, bark to let me know so I can rescue him.”  She wasn’t sure how to do that but it seemed to be the right thing to say at the time.
"Once the Colonel and I are together, you guys sneak back to the tunnel, understand?”  A woof from each, a wave goodbye to her girls and they proceeded to a meeting place some distance from the tunnel opening.
It didn’t take long before she heard the sound of several horses approaching.  They stopped in the clearing she had chosen, dismounted and the Colonel walked toward Caryn stopping a few meters away. He knelt and said, “Good morning Your Majesty.”
“Good morning Colonel. Have you and your men decided what your futures will be?”
“Yes Ma’am, we have. This past month has been quite pleasant and each man has pledged his allegiance to you but we all have many questions.  Is it possible that we may ask those questions to quell our curiosity and dispel any remaining misgivings that some might have?”
“Ask and I’ll tell you what I can.”
 “Ma’am, I see that you’ve chosen a very defensible position on high ground.  What troops you may have hidden in the forest around us and what escape route you might use are questions a professional soldier would immediately ask. My compliments on a strong tactical choice. You’ve chosen well.”
“Colonel, I’m hopeful that military tactics are unnecessary today.  My goal here is peace.”
“Then Ma’am, I wish to send my squad back to our encampment so that you and I can discuss the men’s questions in the free and open conversation we both desire.”
Caryn snapped her fingers. Lewis and Clark came out of the brush to sit one on each side at her feet. She looked down at them.  Each one gave out a soft woof.  Caryn nodded and both puppies quickly disappeared back into the bushes.
“It appears that you are an honorable man so, go ahead, dismiss your soldiers and we’ll talk.”
With a simple nod from their commander, the squad turned and rode away.
“Very well. Now, please sit over there. That spot looks comfortable.”  He walked to the flat stone and sat as instructed.  “There now, Colonel I realize you cannot tell if someone is behind you, an archer…, a soldier perhaps. But I want you to know I mean you no harm.”
“Thank you Ma’am. Nor I, you.”
“Very well. Now, your questions.”
“Yes Ma’am. Many of the men wonder if any friends or relatives were also trapped and have now been released and others don’t understand what really happened.” 
He continued describing their concerns and spoke of King Leopold and of the dreadful things they were ordered to do.
The late general enjoyed being the king’s enforcer and relished seeing the infliction of pain and suffering upon others. He also used fear and intimidation to keep his soldiers in line.  Anyone who dissented risked his life and those of his family. “You have done us a great service Your Majesty,”
“Tell me, why didn’t you all rise up against such evil and overthrow it?  From what you’ve said, there must have been more of you than of King Leopold’ loyalists.”
“Ma’am, not a man among us knew who could be trusted.  There were spies everywhere. Even a simple verbalized dissent would result in the suffering of our families. It was a terrible course and we were helpless to change it.”
“Then, it’s possible that some of your own men, even those who have pledged allegiance, might be spies and could pose a threat to everyone else who wishes to follow the course I previously described, is it not?”
“Perhaps Ma’am. But if our families are gone, then we cannot be held hostage by the fear that they might be hurt. If any spies do remain, they have no one to whom they can report. Even if there are those among us who might be of that persuasion, they will have now become insignificant. It is also my belief that this army will follow your orders and I shall command them according to your wishes.”
“Well said Colonel.” 
Caryn was still unconvinced and wanted to investigate further.  Speaking directly with the men would help her form her own decision and she also wanted to keep the Colonel wondering. The less he really knew, the safer she’d feel.
“This little chat has been most informative. I’ll go back to my encampment. You will return to your troops. Inform them of our discussion and I’ll come to you tomorrow.”
“As you wish Ma’am.”  When he got up and walked back to his horse, Caryn scooted backward, slipping out of sight in the underbrush.  He mounted, turned and raised his hand.  “Your Majesty––” he started to say but she was gone.  He sat for a moment before riding away mumbling, “Vanished without a sound. She is certainly much more than just an average woman!”
Back in the tunnel, she ordered fires to be lit under each air vent. “When we cook our evening meals make sure the smoke rises up so the soldiers can see it from every vent in this area.  I want them to think we have many people spread throughout the high ground above them.”
Sarah issued the instructions and the fires were lit. “Ma’am, do you think this will make them believe we have a large army here?”
“I really don’t know Sarah.  It’s only theoretical intimidation but it’s better than doing nothing. They probably won’t know what to believe.”
“I see your point Ma’am.”
Before sleeping that night, Caryn pulled her diary out again.  “Hmm, only a few pages left.  I’m going to need a new one when we get back.”
I think today’s meeting went well.  The Colonel seemed to be very open and honest.  Tomorrow might be the most difficult one though. I have to walk right into their camp. I hope the puppies can help me sneak in.  That way, I can surprise them.  It might help.  Is this really the beginning of Queen Caryn’s army?  I’m going to have to sound really regal tomorrow.  Boy, this queen stuff is hard!
Just before dawn, Lewis and Clark led Caryn unseen past all of their sentries, right to the commander’s tent.  She used her loudest voice and, once again, it carried to the farthest reaches of the forest.
“Good morning soldiers! Please assemble and give me your attention!”
The sleeping men, startled by the booming sound of a woman’s voice, jumped up, rubbed their eyes and reached for their weapons.
“Soldiers, calm yourselves and put away your swords.  You are many and I am but just one.  You have nothing to fear from me this day.”
The Colonel ran from his tent and stopped when he saw Caryn.  Then, he waved and, after a bit of rustling and the sounds of many blades and arrows reentering sheaths and quivers, Caryn’s heart went back down from her throat.  It worked she thought.  I hope my face isn’t as red as it feels.
“Good morning Colonel.  I trust you and your men are ready to hear our plans. You have quite a force here and I’m sure they’re anxious to learn of their future. Shall we begin?”
“Oh, um… good morning Your Majesty” he said while tucking in his shirt and straightening his clothes. “I expected some warning before your arrival and I apologize for not being ready.  Did I hear you tell the men to assemble?”
“You did.”
“Well then…”  He turned toward the man behind him.  “Lieutenant, have the men assemble as our Queen ordered.”
“Thank you Colonel.  I wish to speak with every soldier, one by one.  Can you organize that?”
“Yes Ma’am. Um, all ten thousand of them?”
“Yes Colonel, every single one of them.”
He took a long breath and told his staff to organize single file lines. As they formed, Caryn looked at the sheer number of faces and realized that this would take a very long time.
“I’ll need a table, some chairs and a private place for you, your staff, the individual being interviewed and me.”
“Yes Ma’am. We’ll use my tent.”
Caryn was seated at a table flanked by the sergeant of the guard and a lieutenant to whom she gave a book and several pencils which he examined with great curiosity.
“Your Majesty, begging your pardon but, what are these strange wooden things?”
“Those Lieutenant, are called pencils, writing implements to record each man’s name and the notes of each interview in that book.  You do know how to read and write, do you not?”
“Yes Ma’am, I do.”
“I had forgotten Colonel, that you and your men came from a time centuries past when commercially bound books and pencils didn’t exist.  Perhaps,” she said with a laugh, “I should have brought scroll paper and quills instead.”
She chuckled and took back the book and pencil. “Here, let me show you Lieutenant.  This is how you write...,” she turned it end for end, “and this is how you erase to correct a mistake.  And when the lead, that’s this black pointy tip here, wears down, the pencil has to be sharpened with this.”  She handed him a sharpener. That was fun, she thought.  I forgot they’ve never seen a pencil before.
After a bit of mumbling about the strange writing implement, they were ready.  As each man entered, the Lieutenant wrote his name, rank and whether or not he could read and write followed by any notes Caryn dictated.
Her first question was, “How do you wish to live from this time forward? Speak freely and tell me your innermost thoughts and desires.” She could tell from their answers that most were tradesmen, artisans, craftsmen or farmers and were there because they had no other choice. Such knowledge and skills would be needed to rebuild the city.
The process went on for hours until the Colonel said, “Ma’am, it is getting dark. With your permission, may we continue this tomorrow?”
Caryn looked out through the open flap of the tent and leaned back in her chair.  “You’re right.  Well then, if you would be so kind, please loan me one soldier and two horses.”
“Yes Ma’am, the Lieutenant will escort you. However, since it is almost dark, I’ll send additional troops with torches to light your way.”
Caryn stood up and stretched. “I think a slow ride with your Sergeant of the Guard will suit my purpose. And there’s no need for torches or extra troops. I can see quite well in the dark but I do think the Sergeant should have a torch to light his way back here.”

When they left, Caryn heard soldiers talking to each other. “Amazing, she dresses like a commoner and rides a horse like a man instead of being transported by carriage.”
“Who is this woman who has slain the General and taken the Knight’s sword? And the forest…, how did she bring back the sun?” asked another.
“How does she appear from nowhere in our midst and why can she see in the dark?” asked a third.
The sound of their questions died out as she and the Sergeant rode their horses out of the camp. When they were far enough away, Caryn began her interrogation.
“Sergeant, I notice you seem to have reservations about me and the future of this land. Tell me and tell me true…, are you not happy about the end of your imprisonment or do you think something else is at work here?”
He looked at Caryn for a moment, thinking. “Ma’am, I do not know what to believe. However, I have pledged my loyalty to you as our Queen and, until something disproves what I’ve seen, I shall do as I have sworn. I do not believe that King Leopold is dead. Nor do I believe that we have been in this forest for, as you say, centuries. How could it be so?  I have, however, seen you slay the General. Many have tried but no one has ever succeeded. Therefore, you must be a power to which I bow. I know of no other explanation so I shall do as you command and bide my time.”
At last, Caryn thought.  We’re getting somewhere. An honest answer from an otherwise silent man. She wondered if his doubt came from military training or just plain cynicism.
“Bide your time, huh?  Are there others like you who disbelieve that which they have experienced for so long? And how do you explain the blackened days and nights that were your own life little more than two fortnights past?”
“I cannot Ma’am. Nor do I know if it was merely a dream brought on by sickness or spirits or if this is such. I wonder if I shall awaken back in the darkness you have just described or I have awakened to this life we now see.  Which is the reality and which the dream?  I do not know and I cannot say. But for now, we are here and here is where I must live.”
As they continued, Caryn discovered that they shared some common traits.  Neither was willing to trust the word of strangers until they had proven themselves.  They had both experienced lies and shams and wanted to avoid being the victim of any such shenanigans again.  He had not seen his family for quite some time and worried about their wellbeing.  Caryn couldn’t give him any answers to satisfy those questions but she did feel his pain of missed loved ones and of a quieter life he once knew.  Although he was a hard shelled and well trained professional soldier, he seemed to be a good man as he described his feelings.

When they reached the clearing, she said, “Sergeant, it sounds to me as if your name is Thomas.  In any event, I’ve enjoyed our conversation and will see you tomorrow.”  She jumped to the ground, handed him her horse’s reins and said, “Goodbye for now Sergeant.”
When he turned around to ride back, she slipped into the underbrush where Lewis and Clark were waiting. They nudged her hands with their noses as if to say “Whew, welcome back!” Caryn could hear the Sergeant’s muttering as he slowly rode back to camp. “Thomas, how did she know my name is Thomas?  I’ve not been interviewed and no one has addressed me by Thomas in years. How could she know?”
Dinner tasted especially good that night, probably because Caryn had refused to eat anything at the soldiers’ camp.  Afterwards, she dictated a description of the army, its troop strength, morale, their weapons and the like to Sarah. “We’ll update this information each day. It might come in handy.”
“How long do you think we'll be here Ma’am?”
“I don’t know yet Sarah, perhaps a few weeks.  Guess we'll need supplies."
"We have enough for a week.  If I send a message through the tubes, we can have a convoy here by then Ma'am."
"Excellent Sarah, do it!  Oh, and one other thing, send the Princesses back. No sense making them wait here while I interview all those men.”
When Caryn arrived at the clearing, the Sergeant was already waiting with an extra horse. She stayed hidden and circled around through the underbrush to the opposite side.  He was concentrating on the spot she was in the night before so, she quietly stepped out and walked up behind him.
“Good morning Thomas. This is quite a nice surprise. To what do I owe this pleasure?”
He turned around with a jolt.  “Oh…, Your Majesty! Yes, it is a good morning.  Um, if I may ask Ma’am, did I forget that I told you my given name or did someone else tell you?”
“No Thomas, no one told me your name. Perhaps it was your doubting nature that gave it away. Whose idea was this surprise greeting?”  Caryn petted one of the horses. “And what a beautiful animal this is. Is he my ride?”
“Yes Ma’am, he is. I chose to arrive early hoping we might speak a little more on our way to camp.”
“Ah…, the Sergeant has questions. Yes Thomas. Ask what you wish and I’ll tell you what I know.”
Caryn mounted the horse before Thomas could even offer his help. As they slowly rode to camp, he asked about what had changed while they were under the spell and what might have happened to their families.
“Families and loved ones, they are important. I’ll tell you what we know so far but there is much more we do not know.”
Caryn said they didn’t know how widespread the spell had been but, if others had also been captured by its force, they too would have survived and been freed. They discussed things past and present and she judged him to be an honorable loyal man of very high standards.
When they entered the camp, Caryn noticed a white dove circling overhead and wondered if it was Hestia. Throughout the day, she periodically looked up and smiled at the tiny wings up in the sky. It made her feel a bit more confident and relaxed. For the next thirty days, the interviews continued from dawn until dusk and finally, they were complete.
“Well Colonel, I wish I had had more than two minutes with some of them but, this was a good start. Now, you and I have some things to discuss.” She stood up and stretched.  “Let’s discuss your next mission, shall we?”
She walked around the table trying to work the kinks out of her back and stopped at the tent’s opening to look out at the soldiers.  “How adept are your scouts at searching?”
“Excellent Ma’am. They are well trained and very experienced.  Why?”
“I have a job for them.”
Suddenly, a small group of soldiers approached the tent objecting to a woman as their Monarch.  The Colonel immediately ordered them back to their ranks. Instead of obeying, they drew their swords.
Caryn grabbed her sword and dagger but, before she could draw them, the dove flew down and landed in front of the soldiers. A loud POOF and a CRACK went through the air as she changed into her human shape startling the dissenters.  They froze.  She put her hand on Caryn’s shoulder and smiled.  “You will not need your weapons today Your Majesty.”
Then Hestia’s voice blared to the ears of every man in the ranks and to every being in the forest. “This Queen you see before you is the rightful Monarch of this land. Let no one believe otherwise. For if you do, the black purgatory from which you have just been released will seem like a paradise compared to the future you will be made to endure.”
The unfriendly soldiers took several steps backward with their mouths and eyes wide open in awe. Another crackling of the air and Hestia changed back into a dove and flew into the forest leaving everyone shocked and disoriented.
“Did I see what I thought I saw” questioned one?  “Did you see it too” asked another?  In that moment, their mutinous swagger changed into a fearful and subservient demeanor and Caryn ordered them to come closer.
“Lieutenant, do you know these men?”
“Yes Your Majesty.  I do.”
“Good.  Please record their names.  I may need to provide them with additional counseling.”
The Sergeant and the Colonel stole a glance at each other and smiled as the Lieutenant wrote down each man’s name in The Queen's book.
“Do you wish to remain in this army under the command of this Colonel or do you wish to be off on your own?”
They were obviously shaken but one of them, who appeared to be their leader, knelt before her. “Your Majesty, we beg your forgiveness. We spoke out of turn and offer our apologies and wish to return to our ranks. We will follow whatever orders you may give.”
Caryn was not convinced. “Tell me, do you offer this apology out of loyalty, honor or fear?”
Would they lie and try to say only what they thought this Queen wanted to hear? A stuttering and stammering followed but it was obvious that some had mixed emotions and some were only subdued by their fear of terrible repercussions.  Caryn knew this group would have to be watched closely.
“I will meet with each of you once again. Lieutenant, have them wait in line and send them in one at a time.”
She went back into the tent, questioned each one and compared what they had said in their first meeting with what they had to say in this one. Several of them said the instigator was their squad leader and he would make their lives very hard if they refused to take part in his little experiment.
She had heard of such occurrences but reserved judgment on their truthfulness until she knew more.  She also detected that a few of them were obvious liars and would say anything to better their position.  What would she do with them, especially their leader?  He would lie, intimidate and use any other means to accomplish his goals. Could he be salvaged or would he always be a problem?
“Shall I have them placed under arrest Ma'am?” asked the Colonel after they had all been questioned.
“No Colonel. I think it suits my purpose to let them be for now. Let them think they’ve escaped any retribution for their actions today. However, they are still under your command and, as always, will have to follow your orders.”
“Yes Ma’am.  We’ll keep a close eye on them.”
“Very well. Now, let’s get back to your new mission.  No one knows if others were also released from that spell but if they were, I want them found, protected and reunited.  Colonel, I'm going to rely on you to complete a thorough search of the entire forest and then travel to our castle. With any luck, we may be able to restore the lives of all your men.”
“Yes Ma’am. Understood. Do you wish an escort for your safe return home?”
“Thank you Colonel but no, I have my own means of transport and safety.”
“Yes," he said with a smile, "I believe you do. And it is quite an effective one it would seem.”
“I’m glad you noticed.  Now, this is a very large forest and will take some time to search, so be thorough and very, very careful. Have your lieutenants record any further outbreaks of mutinous behavior. If immediate action is necessary, deal with it as you see fit. You’re quite experienced and skillful at your job but, please remember, you are now an army of protectors and not one of plunderers. I’ll expect a full report when we next meet and look forward to your safe arrival at the castle in several months hence.”
Caryn and the Sergeant rode back to the clearing, said goodbye and she snuck through the underbrush to the tunnel anxious to get some sleep and then return home.  Six days later they approached the central tunnel room and she could hear someone announcing, “Queen Caryn returns! Queen Caryn is returning from another successful quest!  Hear ye, hear ye all, Queen Caryn returns!”
Successful adventure…? I wonder, she thought as she heard those words.  That remains to be seen.
“Mommy, mommy, you’re back” yelled Amy and Julie as she emerged from the tunnel. They greeted her with a couple of quick hugs and started chattering at full speed.
“We taught them how to play softball while you were gone. Want to see?” asked Julie.
“Yeah Mom. And these kids are pretty good too!”
Julie interrupted.  “–– Wait till you see ––”
Amy finished Julie’s sentence.  “–– us play a game.”
Caryn laughed at their excited jabbering about organizing a softball league.  “Sounds like you’ve been busy while I’ve been away.  When’s your next game?”
“Oh, we’ve just been practicing so far Mom.”
Julie bowed.  “Yeah Your Majesty, we wanted to wait until the Queen got back so Her Majesty could see us play!”
“Ah, back to being royal again huh Julie?  Okay, so tell me, where did you get a softball?”
“They already had a ball for playing a game called cricket so we just showed them how to play softball with it and now we have two teams.”
“Yeah” added Amy “But their bat is weird. It’s flat on one side and curved on the other and the ball is really hard.”
“Hmm… a flat bat and a hard ball, sounds like you guys could use some help.”
“Help…?  What do you mean Mom?”
Caryn’s famous sly smile crept across her face.  “I think we can do something to make things a little better but it may take a while to come up with the proper gear.”
“Proper gear…?  What are you up to now Mom?”
“I’ll let you know when it’s ready.”
The girls looked at each other and silently mouthed, when it’s ready?  Then they shrugged. “Come and see.  We’re going to be practicing in a few minutes.”
Caryn followed them to the underground field where they had marked out a makeshift softball diamond with white lime powder and organized several teams.  Practice lasted an hour or so and Caryn chuckled as she watched her daughters show the other children how to play their new game.
“Well, that was fun to watch. Looks like my girls have become coaches. By the way Sarah, is there any chance I can have a bath and massage?”
“Of course Ma’am. Whatever you wish.”
“I don’t want to create trouble for anyone but it would be wonderful to clean up and relax for a while.”
“It’s no trouble Ma’am.  I’ll see to it immediately.”
Fifteen minutes later, Caryn was relaxing in a warm bath. “Oh yes, yes, yes. Wish I could stay right here getting massaged, washed and pampered but it’s getting late and I have a celebration to attend.

Hestia’s Bracelet
Maria was waiting quietly by the door when Caryn yawned, sat up, stretched and shook herself awake with an unintelligible burbling sound.
“Good morning Maria.  Oh my. It’s bright in here.  Guess I slept a bit later than usual. Better get moving. Would you please wake my children?”
“Yes Your Majesty. I’ll see to it now. And we are not to use an official summons. Is that correct Ma’am?”
“Ha! Yes. That’s correct.  No summons. Just awaken them so we can all have breakfast together.”
“Yes Ma’am.  Does Her Majesty wish us to prepare her bath this morning?  Oh, and your staff has a new set of clothing we hope she will find pleasing.”
Caryn stretched her arms and groaned.  “Um... yes please. A bath sounds wonderful.  New clothes too, huh?  I’m sure they’ll be perfect.”
When Maria left to wake the girls and prepare the baths Caryn began talking to herself. “Boy, she talks like a servant from the middle ages. I have to get her to loosen up a bit. Her Majesty… humph!  Like I’m not here. The next time someone says, does Her Majesty wish something, I’ll say I don’t know. But the next time I see Her Majesty, I’ll ask her.”
Then she thought about such a reply. “Nah, probably shouldn’t say something like that. They wouldn’t understand the joke and might be insulted.”
Later, at breakfast, she asked Bixby if he had made any progress with her secret project.
“Yes Ma’am, I believe the gifts you ordered should be here immediately after breakfast.”
“Super!  I can’t wait to see the girls’ faces when they see what you’ve made for them.”
Amy and Julie didn’t take long to finish eating. “Mom, we’re done.  Can we go play with the other kids now?”
Caryn glanced at Bixby and grinned. “Nope. Not yet Julie. We have a surprise for you and Amy.”
Bixby nudged Caryn and pointed to people carrying large sacks walking toward them.  “Oh goodie!” she exclaimed clapping her hands. “And I think it just arrived!”
When softballs, bats and gloves were placed on the table in front of the girls, their jaws dropped in total shock as they stared at the sports gear and then at their mother.
“Wow! Totally cool! Look Mom..., a real softball!”  Amy looked at the people who brought the gear.  “Oh––my––gosh, thank you. Oh––my––gosh, Oh-my-gosh, this is great!”
Julie picked up one of the bats. “Hey, these are just like the ones we used back home. Rock on! Yay!”
Caryn leaned close to Bixby and whispered. “It looks like your sports gear makers did an outstanding job Bart. Who did all this? I want to thank them for a job well done!”
“I’ll thank them for you Ma’am. And I’m sure they will be happy that the Princesses approved their work.”
“Girls,” said Caryn as she picked up a glove, “Bart’s friends looked up all the instructions on how this stuff is manufactured and made everything from scratch. What do you think, is this gear okay?”
Between the laughs and ‘wows’, the girls managed to say, “Oh––my––gosh. Bart, this is rocking! Totally super!”
Bixby smiled. “We are hopeful, Highnesses, that these softball items will be acceptable for your use.”
Amy looked at Bart with her mouth still open.  “Acceptable…?  Way to go Bart!  You guys rock!  Thanks!”
Julie, anxious to get started, tried to pick up all the bats at once.  “Can we go try this stuff out Mom?”  Then, two of them slipped partway through her arms.  She bent to and fro trying to prevent dropping them.  “Whoa! “Help!”
“Julie, either you guys need some help carrying all this gear, or––”
“Mom,” interrupted Amy, “Julie didn’t even see those bags at the end of the table.” Then, she asked one the people who brought the gear, “Are those for carrying this stuff?”
“Yes Your Highness. They are.” He brought them to the center of the table, opened one and held it toward Julie. “It will be easier to carry those bats if they are put in here Your Highness.  Would you like me to assist?”
“Oh, right. I knew that” Julie said with a red face.
“Sure you did.” commented Amy sarcastically. “And how were you going to carry all those softballs…, juggle them? That would have been funny to see!”
“Cut it out Amy. I knew there was something to… um…. Oh, just never mind.”
With a little help, their new gear was put into sacks and the man holding the bag full of bats asked, “If you wish, we will carry these for you Your Highness.”
“Oh, okay… sure. That would be cool.  Okay Mom, we’re ready.  Can we go play now?”
“Sure... have at it. And there’s another surprise waiting for you at ––” But they were already off and running. “Hmm, I don’t think they heard me.”
“I believe they’ll discover it when they get there Ma’am.”
“Yeah. You’re right Bart. You have no idea how happy you’ve made my children. And that, my friend, makes me even happier!”
“Thank you Ma’am. It is not just the Princesses who are happy. I have spoken to some of the other children and they seem quite anxious to learn and play this game of softball. For them, it is a new form of enjoyment. So it appears that our Queen has done a very good thing for everyone.”
“Oh noooo Bart. It’s not just me. It is we, all of us who have done a good thing for our children.”
Bixby smiled and nodded.
“Well” Caryn breathed “I think it’s time to retire to that cozy little sitting area and discuss what we’re going to do with ten-thousand men.  Sarah, will you please join us?”
They went to their favorite conference spot and Caryn began with questions. “Should we bring them here or keep them in the forest...? There’s lots of work to be done but feeding and housing ten thousand men could be a problem.”
“Ma’am, if they stay in the forest, they must be kept busy on a mission of some sort.  Otherwise, they’ll become restless and start searching for this place.”
“I agree with Lord Bixby Ma’am. What kind of mission might you keep them on for a long period of time?”
Caryn leaned back and thought for a minute. “Good question Sarah. To answer it, I have to ask another question.  How long would it take them to search every village, town and city that might have been caught up in that spell?”
“The total area that was under the spell is, as yet, undetermined so it’s impossible to say.  Are you planning on having them search such a huge area to just keep them busy for a time?”
“Well, the orders I gave them to search for others will keep them busy for now. But they also had families and loved ones. If any of them were imprisoned by that spell, they would have survived. Perhaps, they can be reunited.”
Bixby looked at Sarah.  “Our Queen still thinks of others, even those who, just a short time ago, would have done her harm.”  He looked back at Caryn. “Ma’am, is there any other reason for such a mission?”
“Yes there is.  It will give them time to adjust and give me time to see if they are willing to live in peace. If so, we can eventually bring them back here to rebuild the city above.  Then, they would have homes and a life of prosperity.”
“Begging your pardon Ma’am but, what if they decide to take over the castle, or do you harm? How could you stop ten thousand soldiers from doing whatever they wanted?”
“Sarah, if they had that in mind, what would stop them from just coming here and doing it anyway?”
“A good point Ma’am. What are you planning?”
“I think offering a home for them and their families is a much better choice than making them outcasts. I also think it’s the right thing to do.”
Bixby looked up from reading Caryn’s notes, removed his glasses and rubbed his eyes. “Your Majesty, judging from the comments in your diary, their Colonel appears to be your ally and the others follow his orders. Further, you’ve made a remarkable impression on them and they have also been admonished by Hestia.”
He closed the diary and pushed it back to Caryn. “A little fear can sometimes be a good thing. I recommend that you build on this start to gain the loyalty of at least the majority.  What can you give them for which they would be grateful?  Are there any desires they may have which you can fulfill?  That would be very helpful.”
“Well, they all came from some trade or craft before being forced to become soldiers and might welcome a return to it. We’ve been given a new start here and I think they also deserve the same opportunity.” Then they discussed many ‘what-ifs” knowing that all of them were merely guesses.
One morning, Bixby told her their observers had sent a message saying the entire army was heading toward a lake in the north-east quadrant of Blackthorn Forest.”
Caryn decided a surprise meeting was in order and left the next morning. Six days later they were at a vantage point above the edge of the lake viewing the entire camp. It was the first time she was able to see the army’s ten-thousand soldiers gathered in one open area and that view made her gasp. Her gaze remained fixed on the soldiers as she spoke.
“Sarah, I think we’ll stay inside tonight.  How many vents do we have in this area?”
“Perhaps one hundred or so Ma’am.”
“Good. Tonight we'll set up fires to emit smoke from them.  When they awake tomorrow, I want them to see as many individual columns of smoke as possible so it appears they’re surrounded with their backs to the water. As Lord Bixby said, a little fear can be a good thing.”
“And the fireworks Ma’am…, when and how do you want them used?  We can fire the mortars from many different tunnel openings if you wish.”
I haven’t really figured that one out yet Sarah. But I was thinking that ––”
Suddenly, Hestia flew into the tunnel interrupting Caryn mid-sentence and ––swoosh–– changed into her human form.
“Your Majesty, this silver bracelet is for you. It will give you the same invisibility you experienced with Artemus.”
Caryn took the bracelet and examined it. “Thank you Hestia but, what do you mean by the same invisibility?”
“Wear it on your wrist Ma’am.  When you enter the army’s encampment, turn it until you feel a slight tingling.  Then, you will be as Artemus, invisible.”
“Invisible, me..., I can be invisible...?  Wow, now that’s really cool.  Are you sure it will work on me?”
“Yes Ma’am, it will work and, after you have used it once, it will work only for you. No one will be able to see you or detect your presence unless you speak. When you are ready to become visible again, turn it until you feel another tingling.  Either direction will do. To become invisible again, turn it once more.”
Caryn put the bracelet on her wrist.  “Hestia, do this mean that no one will be able to see me in that encampment?”
“Yes Ma’am. That is correct.”
“Wow, that’s impressive. Thank you. Thank you very much! I think my plan just became a little more doable.”
Hestia bowed, changed back and flew away.
“Well Sarah, I think our plans just changed. This little gadget is going to make my entrance a lot easier. Oh, and you know what?  Now I know how we should use the fireworks.”
“You have a plan for them Ma’am?”
“Oh-my-gosh, this is so cool!  Yes, I do Sarah. Listen to this. Tomorrow morning, I’ll sneak into their camp, right up to the Colonel, and he won’t even know I’m there. This is great!  Okay, once I’m there, you tell everyone to fire the mortars to wake up the soldiers and when I see them go off, I’ll turn this bracelet and… poof… I’ll appear.  Holy buckets, is this totally cool or what!”
“Um..., yes Ma’am. It is um, cool..., I suppose.”
“That should get their attention.  Okay, I have to try this.  Sarah, look at their camp and tell me what you see.”
Sarah looked out through the opening and then turned to answer her Queen, but Caryn was nowhere in sight.  “Ma’am…, Your Majesty…?  Where are you Ma’am?”
Caryn turned the bracelet and became visible again.  “Wow, it really works! I walked all around you, and you didn’t hear me either. Ha, I tip-toed. Cool!”
“I could not tell where you were. That’s quite startling I must say.”
“Yeah. It’s way cool isn’t it?”
“Way cool Ma’am?  I noticed no change in temperature.”
“Just an American expression Sarah... it means uh... splendid or, wonderful, great or something like that.”
Caryn walked back into the tunnel turning the bracelet and blinking on and off like a Christmas tree.  This is so cool… wow!  Oops, maybe I’d better not be showing everyone this invisibility thing quite yet. She turned toward Sarah not knowing if she could be seen. “Sarah, am I on or off?”
“On or off Ma’am…?  I do not know what you mean or even where you are. This is difficult Ma’am.  I cannot see where to direct my words.”
“Ah-ha...!  I must be off.” She turned the bracelet.
“Oh. There you are. What does on or off mean?”
“You can see me now, yes?”
“Yes Ma’am, I can.”
“Good, then I’m back on again. I wasn’t really sure. This is super!  I think I’m ready for tomorrow’s meeting with the Colonel.  Come on Sarah, let’s go tell everyone about our plan. Well..., except for this bracelet of course. We’ll keep that part a secret. Okay?”
Just before dawn Caryn asked Sarah if everything was ready. “Yes Ma’am. Our people are stationed at the mortars and ready to shoot the fireworks out through the tunnel openings when you are in position.”
“Excellent, then it’s time to get started.”
“Um, one question Ma’am.”
“Oh, okay. What is it?”
“How will we know when you are in position if we cannot see you?”
“Oh, right, good point. Forgot I’d be invisible. Let’s see….” Caryn looked down at the camp.  “How about this?  When I get into position near the Colonel’s tent, I’ll become visible so you can see me. That will be your cue to fire.”
“Yes Ma’am. I will fire, the others will hear this mortar and they will ignite theirs as planned.”
On her way to the camp, she spotted a sentry. I have to try this bracelet on him.  She turned it, walked in front of him and stood for a moment.  Then she waved her arms in the air. Wow, this is really great!  He doesn’t know I’m here.  Okay… time to get this started.
She quietly walked to the Colonel’s tent and turned her bracelet. A few seconds later, she heard the whumps of mortars followed by very loud explosions in the sky. Sarah’s artillery team was executing her plan perfectly.
Colorful bursts of sparks and flashes lit the tops of the surrounding hills and their noise caused a great deal of rustling and hollering from the troops. Soldiers jumped from their tents and ran outside to see what was happening. One of them yelled, “The sky is on fire!”  Others were pointing toward the hills and hollering. “The air, the air over the hills..., it burns!”
Ten-thousand men watched as the second volley went off.  They had never seen fireworks and the sight mesmerized them.  While the show captured everyone’s attention, Caryn snuck into the Colonel’s tent, turned her bracelet and stood silently in a corner, waiting.
After the fireworks stopped, there was a buzzing of voices throughout the camp as soldiers talked about the strange phenomenon in the sky. Caryn could hear the officers just outside the tent. “See the columns of smoke?  There’s an army in the hills all around us,” said one.  “And, they have some kind of fire-breathing weapon,” said another.
Then the Colonel said, “I’m not sure that army is hostile.”  The others looked at him wondering what he meant. “It may be an announcement of the arrival of a friend.”
He went back inside to grab his jacket and saw Caryn standing next to the table.  “Oh…Your Majesty…!  How did you…? I am sorry Ma’am. I was not informed of your arrival.  If that lightening and fire in the sky was your announcement, then I have to say I’ve never seen anything like it before.”
The other officers heard him talking and looked into the tent.  “Why did no one inform me of the Queen’s arrival this morning?”  They were dumfounded. “No one knew Sir.”
“Colonel, they could not have informed you since no one saw me arrive.  And now, I bid you all a good morning.  Soldiers, would you please give us this tent.”
The officer’s looked at each other, bowed and left.  “I have new orders for you Colonel.”
“Yes Ma’am” he answered while still tucking his shirt into his trousers.
“First, a question. Have you found any civilians, villagers or families?”
“No Ma’am, but It will take quite some time to search the entire forest.”
“Then perhaps these new orders will be a welcome change for both you and your men.” She spread a map out on the table.  “I want you to organize your best farmers, tradesmen and craftsmen and send them to the central valley.  Here is the route they will take. There, they will begin building quarters for your entire army and will plant fields for the winter’s crop of food.
I also want a cadre of your most trusted men to ensure the loyalty and honor of these workers. They will act as our police whose services, I am hopeful, will not be needed.  Can you assemble these two groups today without weakening your own field strength and effectively continue the search?”
“Yes Ma’am, I can have them assembled this day.  What chain of command do you wish?  You’ve not mentioned who shall command these two groups.”
“A good question, I will need a commanding officer and whatever staff he requires to be effective. Discuss it with your officers and I’ll return in a few hours for your recommendations whereupon, we shall proceed."
“Yes Ma’am. I'll see to it now.”
Caryn stood. The Colonel got up, bowed and left the tent.  A quick turn of the bracelet and she was invisible sneaking out of the camp back to the tunnel. She knew that, when the Colonel came back into the empty tent, he would ask the guards stationed all around it how the Queen had left. She also knew they would tell him that she had not. That should confuse them a little more she thought as she walked back to the tunnel.
“How did everything go Ma’am?”
“It couldn’t have been better Sarah. They’ll be talking about how I got into the Colonel’s tent without being seen for days, probably weeks. And they’ve never seen fireworks before either. That should keep them wondering about the ‘burning air’ in the sky.”
“Excellent Ma’am.  Would you like lunch now?”
“That sounds good.  What do we have?”
After a few hours of rest, Caryn was ready to continue testing the demeanor and reactions of this huge army she wanted as a loyal ally.
She walked down the hill to the camp and stopped thirty meters away from the Colonel’s tent. Then she became visible. “Good afternoon soldiers. May I pass?”
Her sudden silent appearance shocked them. They bowed, opened a wide path and stood at attention on each side as she walked through smiling.  
The Colonel was at his table discussing something with several officers when Caryn walked in. They stood up and bowed. “Good afternoon Your Majesty.”
“Good afternoon Colonel and to you all.  Have you decided who will be in the groups we discussed earlier?”
“Yes Ma’am but we're still working on the officers and their staff.  Major Sidney Talbot here is best suited for command but has asked to be left on the search party. He has family that may have been in this forest when we were all imprisoned and wishes to continue looking for them. Other than the group commander, we’ve selected everyone.”
“I see. Then tell me Colonel, do you have anyone who might be found in this search?”
“No Ma’am, I have no one. They were with King Leopold who you said was dead so they must have perished as well.”
“Then I believe you should be group commander and you should promote the Major to Lieutenant Colonel and make him commanding officer of the troops left here.
He will then have his wish and I will have my Commanding Officer.  Do you believe the Major can command this important search for survivors?”
They all looked surprised.  Major Talbot smiled a little and the Colonel thought about Caryn’s proposal.  He hadn’t considered leaving command of the main body of his army in someone else’s hands.  “Well…” he said thoughtfully. “Yes Ma’am. I believe he can.”
“Very well. Then that is done. How many of your men possess the skills we discussed?”
“Most Ma’am…, in one form or another.”
“Excellent. Now I want to show you your route on the map.”  She pointed out the waypoints, caches of supplies and landmarks along the way to the castle. “I think we need about four thousand men. Don’t worry about threats along the way.  I’ll see to your and your troops’ protection.”
The Colonel, Major, Lieutenant and Sergeant Major all looked at each other when Caryn made her guarantee of protection.  How could it be that one woman could protect an army of ten-thousand professional soldiers? Caryn knew what they were thinking.  She just smiled and continued.
“Gentlemen, I believe we have our plans in order.  Are there any questions?”
And so it was done. Caryn would arrive back at the castle in one week. The Colonel and his soldier-tradesmen would travel a surface route arriving several weeks later.
Bixby’s people had already begun placing the caches of food and supplies at the marked waypoints on the map. Amy and Julie viewed the work as another adventure and included some books and games with the usual necessities.  Such little extras, they thought, might boost the troops’ morale if they found any free time to utilize them.
The Queen still wasn’t sure how her plan would actually turn out. But, if it went wrong, they could escape to the underground. The soldiers would find the castle sooner or later anyway so being proactive was much better than just waiting for the inevitable to happen someday.
Besides, the Colonel was rather attractive. And, he was single!  Caryn wondered where that might lead.
Hestia's Warning
Once again, Caryn was in the great room staring into the fireplace and talking to herself.
“I don’t know if this thing I’m doing will work or not. But now that I’ve started it, I have to manage it.”
With no one else present, she continued voicing her thoughts without fear of anyone thinking her strange.
“What will I do when four thousand soldiers arrive?”
She walked to the empty library, over to the still rotating globe Julie had assembled, and stared at it.
“How big is the area those soldiers have to search and where are we on this planet anyway?  Is it here, or here?” She ran her fingertips over the polished sphere. “I wish I knew how to do this job.  Queen…, Monarch…, or whatever the heck I am, I don’t want to fail these people.”
Her eyes became misty. She looked out a window and sighed. “I feel so tired, so weak and so very uncertain.”
Suddenly, Amy burst into the library, saw Caryn and stopped. “Hey Mom, we’re getting a softball game started downstairs.  Come down and ––” She saw the look on her mother's face and walked closer.  “What’s wrong Mom?  Are you okay? Are you crying?”
Caryn wiped her face with her hands.  “I’m fine Amy. I was just…, ah, hmm. So, you have a game huh, when?”
Amy stared for a moment. “Okay, you don’t want to talk.  Come on then, let’s go play!”  She grabbed Caryn’s hand and pulled her toward the closet door.
“Okay love bug, I’m coming.” Caryn smiled as she wiped tears from her cheeks, and ran down the secret stairs.
Watching the game and speaking with others made Caryn realize it was better to be there instead of alone feeling worried and sorry for herself.
She scheduled a meeting with Sarah and Bixby for the next morning and fell asleep that night smiling. My girls have become teachers of Softball. Yup, they’re my girls all right!
The next morning, she indulged in a bath and finally started to feel normal again. She was back on track.
During breakfast, they chatted about the game, the other children and how much fun it was to be teaching and coaching others to play a game they both enjoyed. That made Caryn think of another group she was anxious to discuss.
“Well, that was a wonderful breakfast. Okay girls, you two go play softball with the other kids. Bart, Sarah and I have a few things to discuss in the conference room.”
“Okay Mom. Thanks for not making us stay. We know you guys talk about important stuff but sometimes it’s really boring. Have fun discussing your, um, things.”
The girls ran to the softball field and Caryn, Bixby and Sarah headed to their favorite conference area. Caryn’s eyes widened when she saw large stacks of paper on the table.
“That looks like a lot of work. Do I have to read all that stuff? That would take me a year!”
“These are the plans for the workers you invited.”
“Oh –– right –– plans for the soldiers –– got it.”
“This, Ma’am, is a set of plans for their quarters and this, for the workshops. This is for eating and food storage and the horses can be stabled here. What do you think?”
“Well, I’m not sure I understand them but they look kind of like the drawings in the book I found about the castle.  What are these little squares here?”
“Ah, those are individual bedrooms. And over here we have new area expansions for those that might find or acquire families. Then we have meeting rooms, common eating areas, bathing rooms and kitchens. These are the workshops for building and repairing things and warehouses for storage.”
It was brilliantly laid out and artfully drafted.  The resulting structures would undoubtedly be a place that these men would be proud to call home.
Caryn was astounded at all the detail “I don’t know how you took ideas from my mind, organized them, put them on paper and designed an entire city. Wow! Bart, Sarah, I’m amazed at your outstanding work. I can’t wait to see it built!”
“Oh, I am sorry Ma’am but all this will take some time to construct. I am afraid you will have to wait for a while.”
“Oh, you mean the, I can’t wait thing. Sorry. That’s just another one of those pesky expressions. What it means is that I look forward to seeing it done. Of course it will take time. We don’t even have any workers here yet.”
“Ah…, yes. Very good Ma’am. For a moment I was afraid you wanted it done immediately and I did not know how we could accomplish that.”
“Do not worry my friends. Your plans are excellent. Now, what about building materials, tools and all the other things necessary for construction?”
“Well Ma’am,” said Sarah. “Much of the material is already on the surface and we have already started manufacturing hand tools, nails, bolts and the like.  Within a week, we’ll have several wagons finished that can be used to carry these supplies out through any of several tunnel openings.  From there, it should be easy to pull them into the city making it appear as if they came from some other place.”
“Wagons…? How heavy are they?  Do you think my two girls and I can pull them from the tunnels into the city?”
Sarah smiled. “I am sorry Ma’am. I should have explained further. Mules like the ones that carried your gifts down the hill to the Wallace’s will pull the wagons from the tunnels to the construction area. Please forgive me for not being more explicit. I do apologize.”
Caryn’s face lit up with a huge grin. Now, why didn’t I figure that out? Mules… of course!  “No apology necessary Sarah. I should have known. It’s ingenious and very well thought out. I knew we’d make a great team. Ha! I’ll bet they’ll wonder how I and my two daughters could possibly supply them so well. Okay, what else do we have?”
There were maps, plans, instructions and guides, all of which punctuated the enormity of the project. Its sheer size and complexity would certainly put the Colonel’s project management abilities to the test.
Caryn was relieved that it would be he, and not she, who would be doing that managing.  “This just might work out after all” she mumbled.
Several quiet weeks went by until, very early one morning, Artemus sounded an alarm.  Caryn sat straight up but there was no maid waiting by her door.  She rubbed her eyes and looked all around.
“Is there anyone––” Suddenly it hit her.  Oh, Caryn Elizabeth you dummy. You are up in the castle. Duh…! Get your head together and wake up you doofus!
The alarm repeated.  Have they arrived, she wondered?  She listened to Artemus’ pattern.  “They’re coming from the east just as planned.  Good. Very good.”
She jumped out of bed and ran to the girls’ bedroom.  Julie was already sitting up but Amy had pulled a pillow over her head and was trying to stay asleep.
“Okay girls, come on. Time to get up. Things to do!”
Julie yawned.  “What’s happening, is it another creature thing?  Do we have to run downstairs again Mom?”
“No honey, this is expected.  We’ll have breakfast and then go to the library for an update.”
Amy mumbled, “I didn’t sleep much last night Mom.  Can I stay in bed a little longer?”
“I’ll get her Mom!” exclaimed Julie as she jumped over to Amy’s bed and pulled down the blankets.
“Hey! Come on Julie, leave me alone, would ya?”  She rubbed her eyes and realized that staying in bed was no longer an option.  “Oh all right. All right! I’m coming. Okay?”
After breakfast, they went to the library and Caryn explained her plan. “When the soldiers reach the field outside the wall, I’ll walk out across the bridge to meet them. You girls will stay inside. I have Hestia’s bracelet so, if they try anything, I’ll just disappear.”
Artemus would help with his trumpet and she believed Hestia would continue to watch over the situation. But even with all that preparation, Caryn was still apprehensive.
If there was a confrontation, it would be four against four thousand. Escape to the underground through Bixby’s closet door would be their only chance of survival.
However, the soldiers would be re-discovering the valley on her terms instead of theirs and she was hopeful it would work out just as she planned.
Late afternoon of the next day, Artemus sounded another alert. His patterned notes indicated that the soldiers were now approaching from the south and they were very close.
In a few hours four thousand men would arrive at the same gate Caryn had originally walked through. They would not see a silent vacant city devoid of all life.  Instead, she would greet them.
Dusk was nearing. It was time to light the lanterns. She hurried out the door, down the streets and across the bridge with a blazing lantern in one hand and a lamplighter’s pole in the other.  She lit two lanterns at the end of the bridge, then the two at its center, two on each side of the gate and a string of them leading to the castle entrance.
Amy had fired up the lanterns atop the high fortress wall and Julie lit the ones in the courtyard. It was almost dark by the time they returned to the great room.
“Whew” Caryn breathed. “That took longer than I thought but I think we’re ready. It looks pretty with all those lanterns burning. Did you get the ones in the windows girls?”
“Yup. I did this side and Julie did the other one.”
“Yeah” added Julie. “They’ll think we have a whole lot of people here. Can we watch when they get here?”
“Girls, you know the plan.  Stay near the library. You should be able to see out the windows from there. If anything bad happens, Bart will take you downstairs.”
Amy slapped her sister’s shoulder.  “See, I told you we’d have to do what we talked about.”
“Yeah okay. I just wanted to ––” Julie was interrupted by Artemus’ trumpet. This time, his alarm sounded like a hundred trumpets playing an announcement of gigantic proportions.
Caryn jumped. “Wow! That was impressive. Loud too.  Okay girls, off to the library with you. It’s time to do my act.”
The girls took off running. Caryn straightened her cloths, walked out the front door, crossed the bridge and waited.  Minutes later, a wide column of horses approached.
She stood motionless as they came closer. More and more of them became visible against the dim horizon. They were a formidable force indeed.
The Colonel raised his hand signaling a stop to their advance and dismounted. Then he walked to Caryn and dropped to one knee.
“Your Majesty, we have followed your orders and are here to do your bidding.”
“Good evening Colonel. Please rise. I hope the map proved useful and you had as pleasant a trip as possible. Were the provisions adequate for you and your men?”
“Oh yes Ma’am! Every one of them were happily surprised by the food and especially by the reading material and games you provided. It was difficult to keep their minds on our journey. They spoke about things long forgotten and enjoyed foodstuffs never before tasted.”
“Excellent. Then it was as I hoped it would be.”
It was also great forethought to include instructions on how to open what you referred to as cans.  We’ve never seen such a container. I am hopeful our arrival is in keeping with your schedule.”
“You’re right on time. Now, please walk with me. It’s not far so you can leave your troops here.” She looked at the two soldiers accompanying him. “And have your Lieutenant and First Sergeant follow us.”
He signaled his troops to stand by, handed his horse’s reins to the Lieutenant and walked with Caryn across the bridge. Then, they strolled along the streets toward the castle.
“Ma’am, I hope we’ve not frightened your townspeople.  It appears they are all hiding.”
“Well Colonel, given your past history of pillaging and conquest, what would you do if you were a peaceful family and saw four thousand soldiers in front of an open gate?”
“I understand your point Ma’am. How many live here?”
Caryn didn’t answer.  Instead, she stopped at the entrance to the garden labyrinth in front of the castle. “Lieutenant, when you get back, tell your men set up camp outside the wall for the night and use as much of the field as necessary. The Colonel and I will be discussing our future plans for a while.”
They looked at their commander. He nodded, took his horse’s reins and they rode back to the troops.
Caryn smiled. “I see they still look to you for approval even though I gave the order.”
“They were only following their chain of command protocol Ma’am. It’s customary to gain the approval of their ranking officer when present. I hope you were not insulted.”
“Not at all Colonel. It’s good to know that the actions of our military are predictable, defined and disciplined.”
“Now, as you can see, it’s only a short distance to my home and it’s almost time for dinner. Will you join us?”
“Of course Ma’am. As you wish.”
His answer was identical to that of the underground residents. She looked at him for a moment.
“Ma’am, is there something wrong?”
“Oh… um, no. Just your reply to my question. I’ve heard it many times before and you said it verbatim.”
“I see. If Her Majesty wishes, I can remove whatever statement upsets her from my vocabulary.”
“Not to worry Colonel. You said nothing to upset me.  Perhaps someday I can explain. But, for now, come. Let’s walk.” Then she smiled and thought, there’s that ‘Her Majesty’ thing again. Keep your mouth shut Caryn Elizabeth. Now is not the time for sarcastic jokes.
They strolled along a path through the labyrinth of hedges to the castle’s front doors discussing their surroundings.
“Ma’am, your moat is dry yet your garden appears green and well kept.  I can see no one else here.”  He strained his eyes looking for the presence of others around them. “How is it Ma’am, that you can keep all of this maintained?”
“I am not alone.”
He stopped and held up his hands. “Begging your pardon Ma’am but, where is everyone? Are they truly hiding?”
“Colonel, step over to that fountain, look down into it for a moment and tell me what you see.”
He looked puzzled but obeyed. Caryn rotated her bracelet when he leaned over the edge. “I see nothing but a dry fountain Ma’am.” He turned around.  “Ma’am...?” He spun around looking in all directions. “Ma’am, where are you –– Where did you go?”
She waited until his back was toward her again and twisted the bracelet. “Look behind you Colonel.”
He spun around.  “How ––”
Caryn held up her hand interrupting him. “Colonel, there are many unusual things about us you do not know. Now, shall we continue our tour?”
“Oh. Well, yes, of course Ma’am. As you wish.”
By this time, the Colonel was wondering if he had entered a city of spirits, ghosts or the gods. 
Caryn explained that there had been a great deal of change since the soldiers were trapped in the forest and they all had much to learn. When she took the reins from his hand the horse acted skittish until she gently rubbed its neck and said, “Will you wait for him here for a while?”
“Ma’am, if we leave him here without my presence he will probably wander away.”
“I don’t believe he will. He agreed to wait right here. I also told him the fountain would fill if he was thirsty.”
The Colonel was trying to comprehend this strange situation as they walked inside and then to library where Bixby and the girls were waiting.
Colonel, you remember my daughters, Amy and Julie. And this is Lord Bixby. Girls, the Colonel will be joining us for dinner.  Please come to the kitchen when you’re finished here.  Lord Bixby, I think we have everything in hand for now so, I’ll bid you a good night and see you tomorrow.”
“Your Highnesses…, My Lord….” said the confused Colonel as he and Caryn left the library.
“I thought it would be wise if we had this time alone to discuss our future. Please, have a seat while I finish a few things on the stove.”
“Ma’am…, why is the Queen doing her own cooking?  Let me help. What can I do for Her Majesty?”
“No need Colonel, no need. I enjoy doing this sometimes and I want you to get to know my family without the presence of servants and pompous royal protocols.”
He was fascinated by the peeler Caryn used on a cucumber.  It was something he had never seen before.  He picked it up and examined it.  “Ingenious!”
She smiled at his interest.  “Have a seat and relax. Tell me, how do your men feel about coming here and possibly returning to their trades?”
“Many of them are excited about it.  Some, who have lost families, wish to concentrate on work but there are a few who wish to remain as soldiers.”
“I see” she said while cutting ingredients for a dinner salad. “Are those few the ones called Royal Marines?”
“You know about the elite guard Ma’am?”
“A bit. Honor courage and commitment if I remember correctly. Tell me about these men.” She put a bowl of fresh salad on the table and went to the stove.
They discussed the army’s makeup, its titles, divisions and general duties. Then Caryn related more of her plan.
“Colonel, it is my belief that everyone should have a home. Eventually, depending on how this works out, I will give each of your men a plot of land that will be their own.”
“Your Majesty!” he exclaimed with a look of disbelief.  “A ruler does not give land away. Quite the opposite in fact. He…um, or she takes it by any means necessary. With all due respect Ma’am, is this some sort of ruse?”
Caryn chuckled. “A ruse? No. I am quite serious and this is very real.” She put a loaf of bread on the table and handed him a knife. “Would you please slice that for dinner?”
He started slicing but kept his focus on Caryn’s words.
“No one can actually own the land. We can only live on it and care for it for a while.  If this is done reasonably well, the land will take care of us. I say that your men will own their home because they will then become partners with it. They will have to care for it and in return it will care for them. No one will take it away as long as they choose to live there. This is our way. And, by choosing to make this your home, you will have to make it your way as well.”
The Colonel finished slicing the loaf and handed the knife back to Caryn.  “Your plan sounds wonderful and extremely generous Ma’am. But I have never heard of such a thing. Will this be true for all my men?”
“Yes. All of your men, including those still on patrol, are welcome to live here in peace. However, anyone who chooses to take the path of violence, hostility or greed will be banished forever. Together, we can have a prosperous society and a bountiful life.” She stepped close to the Colonel and looked him squarely in the eyes. “If any person or group threatens this ideal, they will be considered an enemy and dealt with accordingly!  Take this message to your men. Let them discuss it and choose their futures. I will meet with you tomorrow for their questions and answers.”
Just then, Amy and Julie came running in through the door followed by Lewis and Clark. “Here we are Mom.”
“Just in time girls, dinner is ready.”
They had an enjoyable meal and pleasant conversation. Then Caryn walked the Colonel out, purposely stopping in front of that huge door they still hadn’t opened. After saying their goodnights, Caryn thought, it went well… very well I think.  Tomorrow’s meeting will be very revealing. I wonder how many of his men will choose our peaceful way of life over the one of violence they’ve experienced for so many years?
As she walked back to the kitchen, she worried about how she was going to manage the monumental task of organizing all those people’s lives. If they rejected her offer, how would she convince them that they could not just take the castle and the city by force?  It was a time for superior negotiating skills and Caryn needed some guidance.  Perhaps Artemus might be able to give me some ideas?
When she got back to the kitchen, Julie asked, “Mommy, how long are those soldiers going to stay here?”
“Perhaps for a very long time Julie, we’ll find out tomorrow. But I’d like to talk to Artemus tonight.”
“Up in the tower… cool. We want to go too Mom.”
Caryn smiled. “Okay, let’s get some goodies for him.”
“Artemus, are you awake?” asked Caryn when they walked into the top floor of the tower. It seemed a courteous but silly thing to ask since they knew he never slept.
“Good evening Your Majesty and Your Highnesses. To what do I owe this lovely visit?”
Several weeks before, Caryn had taken advantage of the dumbwaiter’s huge size and sent up several small pieces of furniture.  This was the perfect opportunity to use it.  The girls set plates of fruit, breads and apple juice on the table and Caryn put a few treats in the birdhouse for Hestia.
“Artemus my friend, I know you’re aware of the soldier’s presence and of their history of violence and conquest.  I’ve made them an offer to live here in peace and I need your thoughts and guidance.”
One could never really tell where to look when talking to the invisible lookout so Caryn mimicked her habit of talking to the walls when she was alone.  She described the events leading up to the soldiers’ arrival but failed to notice that Hestia had arrived and was listening while quietly nibbling at the treats she had placed in the birdhouse. “Tomorrow I have to meet with them.  What do you think? Can you give me any advice or ideas?”
His voice came back in a soft tone. “Ma’am, I believe that if you turn to your right you will receive the advice of someone far wiser than I.”
Caryn turned just in time to see Hestia change into her human self.  “Oh” she said, a bit startled.  “Boy, I still haven’t gotten used to that!  Good evening Hestia.”
“And to you as well Your Majesty.  Please listen carefully as I must give you a warning of what is to come.”
"Uh-oh. A warning. Okay, what is it?"
“On the morrow, you must greet the Colonel dressed in your finest garb wearing your sword and dagger. When a soldier approaches and defies you, invite him to do his worst but do not worry for he cannot hurt you. Stand fast and allow him to continue his attack until he exhausts all energy. Then, draw your sword but do not use its lethal power on him.  By sparing his life you will send a message throughout the army that these soldiers are there by your choice and not their own.”
Caryn looked puzzled and concerned. “You want me to just let him attack?”
“Yes Ma’am. The few remaining dissenters will see this and realize that there is a power far greater than they could ever hope to control and that their only choice is to either stay and live in peace or leave this land forever. In order for them to accept you as their Queen, you must remember to stand fast without fear. Only then can you become their accepted ruler.”
Caryn started to ask a question but, without warning, there was a swishing sound and Hestia flew away.
As she disappeared into the night, Caryn heard her say, “Thank you for the meal, it was delicious.”
“Well…” breathed Caryn.  “Wear the sword but let the guy attack me. That sounds really scary.”  She thought for a moment and took a very long breath. “Children…, Artemus…, it appears that I’ve kept you all up tonight and it’s time to retire. Thank you for the company and please accept my apologies for this late hour. Children, come. It’s time to go.”
“Ma’am, it is always a pleasure to visit with you. And your apology is not necessary.  I never sleep because I am always on duty.  But I do think that you three should get a good night’s rest. Tomorrow will be a very busy day.”
With their adieus said, they returned downstairs.
“Off to bed with you girls.”
“Mom…?”
“Yes Julie…?”
“What’s going to happen tomorrow?”
“I’m going to meet with the soldiers why?”
“Because Hestia said some guy was going to attack you.  What does that mean?”
“She also said I'd be fine. That guy can’t hurt me…, remember? Don’t worry, I’ll be okay. Now, go to sleep.”
Amy had been silent during that short conversation but, when Caryn leaned over to kiss her goodnight, she whispered, “Just tell us what to do Mom. We’ll help.”
Caryn smiled, put her hand on Amy’s cheek and winked.  Then, she went to her own room hoping she could sleep.
She worried about what he cannot hurt you meant.  The, stand fast, part sounded very scary. The, continue his attack, part was even scarier.
It would be another night of troubled sleep dreaming about a medieval soldier attacking her until he was exhausted. 
I have to stand fast and let him attack. Is tomorrow the day I die?  No. Hestia knows what she’s doing… I hope.
The Illusion
After a stressful night of worry, she finally awoke, splashed cold water on her face and started looking through her clothes for what she would wear at today’s meeting.
Uh-oh, my finest garb. Hestia said my finest…. Hmm…. Great!  I can’t find a thing to wear that fits that description.  She yawned, rubbed her eyes and took a long breath.  Whew, okay… breakfast first… then maybe I can figure this finest garb thing out.
Suddenly, the girls ran into her bedroom. “Mommy, Mommy” yelled Amy, “Lord Bixby wants to see you downstairs as soon as possible!”
“Well, good morning to you too. What does he want?”
“We don’t know but it’s really important!” exclaimed Julie.  “Can we hurry up…, pleeeeezzze?  We’re getting hungry and they might have food for us down there already.  You slept really late this morning.”
“Food huh?”  Caryn laughed, and the girls pulled her down the stairs, through the library and down to the underground city where Sarah was patiently waiting.
“Good morning Your Majesty. Your bath is ready and then we can finish the fitting of your clothing for today’s meeting.  Please follow me Ma’am.”
As they walked to the baths, Caryn started to grin.  The fitting of my clothing…? Ah-ha. Of course. How could I have ever thought I'd have to do this all by myself?  How absolutely silly and scatterbrained of me!
 Sarah smiled as if she heard Caryn’s thoughts but silently continued toward the bathing rooms.  Once there, Caryn put herself in the maids’ capable hands. When they massaged the tension out of her neck the stress she had endured all night became no more than a thought in the background.
After being toweled dry, three more maids entered with the outfit she would wear that day. The white silk blouse was hand fitted to perfection and the cream colored riding pants were tailored as if they knew every measurement of her body.
White silk stockings allowed her feet to slip into the calf length riding boots with ease and matching kidskin gloves slid over her hands as if they had always belonged to them.
A matching corset that was tight, but not too tight, a sash with a jewel encrusted medallion, a lightweight summer cape and Caryn was dressed for the all-important “tête-à-tête”.
“This way Your Highness” said Sarah. As she and her entourage proceeded to breakfast, Caryn chuckled wondering if she was being prepared as a Queen ready for battle, or as some sort of sacrificial lamb.  Ha! Oh well. It’s too late now for such thoughts.  I’m committed.
The great hall was already filled with people anxiously awaiting their Queen. “Sarah,” asked Caryn as they entered, “I thought it was going to be just you, Lord Bixby and us for breakfast today.  Why are all these people here?”
Sarah started to answer but was interrupted by sixteen trumpets playing the queen’s entrance announcement. A crier shouted, “All rise!  All rise for Her Majesty Queen Caryn!”
Everyone stood and applauded. When Caryn walked down the aisle, the people bowed as she passed by and, half way to the table, she leaned down to the girls and whispered, “Boy… I’m really glad they dressed us for this occasion.”
Amy whispered back, “Good thing Mom. It would have looked really un-royal-like if you were in your jeans and Acorn Acres sweatshirt.”
Amy giggled and Caryn scowled back at her trying not to break out in laughter.
She stood behind the head table with her daughters to her left and Bixby to her right.  The room went silent.
“Hear ye…, hear ye…, hear ye all!" announced Bixby.  "Soon our Queen will face the army encamped outside the fortress walls, whereupon, a critical decision will be made by those who do not yet understand. This then, is our time to break bread with our Monarch and prepare her for the task at hand. To each and all, enjoy this morning meal for we know not what this day may bring.”
Caryn looked at Bixby and quietly said, “That sounded rather ominous. Lord Bixby, what is all this ceremony about?  Is there something I don’t know?”
“Ma’am, your subjects are concerned about your meeting and the presence of the army disturbs them.  This is more for their assurance than yours.  Please, do not be concerned. The entire morning has been fully planned. The only unknown is the decision to be made by the soldiers. We have great confidence in your ability to control the situation and know that you will do well today.”
“Oh. I see. I wish I had as much confidence as you.”
Amy leaned over and said, “Don’t worry Mom. You're gonna rock!” She held up her hand for a high-five, slapped her mother’s hand and said, “They won’t know what hit ’em!”
After finishing their meal and clearing the tables, the huge doors in the back of the hall opened and a beautiful white horse was led down the center aisle to the head table.
One young man held the reins and another, who carried the silver sword and dagger, walked up the steps and placed the weapons on the table in front of Caryn.
“Your Majesty. I am instructed to tell you that you should hear the soldiers’ desires and needs. I am also instructed to remind you of Hestia’s directions and assure you that the act described in the tower will be successful. Be confident and brave Your Majesty.”
He bowed, walked down the steps and stood by the horse.
Caryn attached the sword and dagger to her belt. The two halves of the head table were pulled to each side leaving a wide opening in front of her.  She walked down the steps to the horse thinking. How could that boy have known about Hestia’s instructions?  She ran her hand along its neck.  “You’re an incredibly beautiful animal.” She looked at the saddle and reins. The white contrasted with a light tan trim that matched her outfit. She chuckled. “Lord Bixby, I think you have a designer who used to work for Louis Vuitton or maybe Versace.”
He looked puzzled.  “Ma’am…?”
Caryn laughed.  “Never mind.”
Bixby was still confused.  He looked at Sarah for an answer but she just shrugged.
“Okay horse” Caryn said as she took the reins from the boy.  “I don’t know your name but it seems you and I have a date with our destiny. If we’re fortunate, we’ll both live to see what our future has in store.” Then she looked at Bixby. “I don’t think we’re going to use the staircase to the library so, how do we get out of here to the surface?”
“You will exit through those doors Ma’am. Your horse knows the way and will take you to the underground forest where you will enter the army encampment.”
“The whole army is now underground…? I thought––”
“I can only explain that you will see and be able to talk to them and they, you, but neither will be where the other is.”
Now it was Caryn who looked confused.  “Neither will be where the other is. What the heck does that mean?”
Bixby smiled and bowed but gave no answer.
She mounted the horse and it started walking on its own. Just as Bixby had described, they went out through the doors and down the hallways to the underground forest.  Once there, she could see the army encampment in a field brightly lit by the morning sun.  She stopped to look behind. The hallway was empty.  No one had followed her.  She looked at the army encampment ahead.
How can they be down here? She wondered.  Isn’t this the domain of the underground residents and no surface dweller can enter?  What’s going on here?
The horse whinnied and continued walking through the field right into the camp. They went past soldiers, sentries, tents and horses but no one paid any attention. When she saw a lone soldier writing in an old diary, she stopped and spoke.  “Good morning soldier.  What are you writing?”
He looked up and jumped to his feet. “My Lady, um, I am writing to my wife and children ma’am.”
“But that looks like a diary not a letter. You must be writing them a story. How do you expect to get it to them?”
A look of despair flushed across his face. “I do not. That is, um… well, I know I will never see them again but it eases my loneliness to write a bit as if they were still alive. This is my way of remembering who I once was. If I may ask, ma’am, who might you be?”
Caryn smiled and noticed the single silver bar on his uniform.  “Well Lieutenant, I am just someone who wishes to meet the people who make up this army and learn their desires and wishes. Tell me, what are your plans for the future?”
With a puzzled expression, he put down his diary and walked toward her. “My Lady, I do not wish to seem impertinent but,” He looked closely at Caryn and her horse. “…are you the Queen of whom I have heard? You seem a bit too well placed to be just someone.”
“Yes Lieutenant, I am. Now tell me your plans?”
He quickly knelt on one knee. “Oh, I am sorry Your Majesty, I did not know!”
“No worries. Stand up if you wish.”
“Thank you Ma’am. I only know that we must all make a decision later today. All I have been told is that we can remain as we were or we can choose to return to our former lives where we shall have a place to live in peace.”
“And you Lieutenant, what will you choose?”
“Ma’am, I wish I could return to my family, my teaching and my study of astronomy but I know that is impossible.”
“Many impossible things have happened here Lieutenant so don’t give up your dream. Just keep writing to your loved ones and think about what you wish to do with the rest of your life.  I thank you for your honesty and wish you well.”
Caryn prompted her horse on to the next stop leaving the Lieutenant a bit confused and certainly wondering even more about his upcoming decision.
The soldiers were all stirring from their sleep and going through their morning routines and each was startled at Caryn’s sudden appearance. I must be invisible to them until I stop and speak.  They act as if I’m appearing out of thin air and disappearing back into it again.  She was right. To the soldiers, she was silent and invisible until she spoke. That evoked some very interesting reactions.
Each had his own story, his own desires and his own fears but there seemed to be a common thread. Again and again Caryn heard the same wish to return to a peaceful life of family and friends, to teach their children and to see them grow into good men and women. Most of them were just average people who had been forced to learn the way of violence and had lost everything they held most dear.
But –– there were others –– a small but distinct group that enjoyed the sadistic power of their acts. The skills of fighting were not forced upon them but instead welcomed as a way of life and they enjoyed every minute of battle.
 They were the ones Caryn had to find and determine if they would stay or have to be banned forever.
She stopped and listened to a small group talking about a queen who had taken command. They called it a trick, a sham and they would never follow the orders of a woman. Caryn kept her silence, the protection of her invisibility and noted who these rebels were. She would see them again very soon.
By the time she reached the Colonel’s tent, morning had matured and activity abounded.  She waited, silently watching and listening. When the Colonel finished speaking with several officers and turned to enter his tent, she spoke.
“Good morning Colonel.”
He spun around. It was a shock to have a woman on horseback suddenly appear just three meters away.
“Your Majesty…! Good morning to you as well. It seems you always catch me unprepared.”
“Don’t be concerned. Announcements of my arrival are for another time and place. Today I come for an important task. Please finish getting dressed and ride with me.”
He bowed, disappeared into his tent and soon emerged in full uniform.  A soldier brought his horse and he and Caryn rode to an area of the encampment that she knew was populated by the worst of the rebels. It was there she must follow Hestia’s instructions and make her stand.
“Ma’am, are you sure this is where you want to go?  Some of the soldiers in that platoon are still unconvinced and may become quite disrespectful.”
“Exactly. They are the ones with whom I wish to speak. Perhaps they just need a little convincing.”
She was extremely nervous about this encounter but knew she had to do it for the good of her children, the underground citizens, the men in this army and the valley that had been so generous during her worst of times.
As they slowly rode along, the Colonel told Caryn he had sent his officers out to gather the soldiers’ decisions and would not know their answers for some time yet. They continued talking about what was in store for those who chose to stay until they reached the platoon from which Caryn anticipated conflict. The men she had eavesdropped on earlier were having a heated discussion about their futures.  This is it she thought.  It’s time to get their attention.
“Good morning soldiers. I believe you are speaking about me. Is there a question I can answer for you?”
They turned around facing her and the Colonel.  One of them shouted, “There she is, the woman who would take away our manhood, our swords, our armor and our self-respect!”  Several others muttered, nodded their agreements and quickly became focused on rejecting the woman who would put an end to their enjoyment of battle.
“Stand down and disp ––” began the Colonel but Caryn interrupted his words.
“Colonel, it’s time for these soldiers to see something about which you all know nothing. Observe!”
The soldiers moved closer. The Colonel started to move between them and the Queen. She held out her hand, stopped him and looked squarely at the rebel leader.
“You wish to dispose of me. Therefore, I give you this opportunity to do just that here and now. Do your worst!”
The Colonel didn’t know what to do.  His first thought was to protect the Queen but she was still holding her hand out for him to stay still.  With a frustrated expression, he grudgingly held his horse back and Caryn nudged hers forward a few feet.  Then, she calmly said, “If you really wish to do me harm, please proceed.”
The soldiers drew their weapons and surrounded her.  “You carry a sword woman. Defend yourself or die!” yelled one of them.  Caryn and her horse remained perfectly still.
“Your blows mean nothing to me soldier. Do what you will, but remember this. You and your cohorts will be judged by your actions and treated accordingly!”
They had a clear path of attack but they were trying to understand what she meant and were hesitant to attack a woman who made no attempt to defend herself. One of them moved forward.  He swung his sword with all his strength expecting to fell the Monarch in one blow. It had no effect.  The inertia from the lack of resistance on his sword threw him off balance and he fell to the ground, stunned. It was as if she were a spirit of some kind.
Caryn took a long silent breath. Her heart went back down from her throat when she realized what had just happened. Wow, we’re okay! Just like Hestia said.
Her attacker was dumbfounded but stood, regained his footing and swung again slicing only the air. His frustration and anger grew into an uncontrollable rage. He continued his violent attacks again and again until finally, completely exhausted, he fell to the ground panting.
His followers realized they could do no better. They put their swords away and whispered to each other. “Who is this person?”  “How can this be?”  “I don’t understand!”
She dismounted, drew her own sword and stood over the exhausted soldier on the ground.  “Now, it is you who must defend yourself.  Raise your blade!”
Still panting for air, he struggled to his knees. As he raised his sword, Caryn quickly swung hers and cut off his blade as if it were no more than soft butter.
She raised her sword as if to strike. “Do you wish to live or die? Choose… now!”
He was exhausted, confused and beaten. With a final sigh, he dropped his hands to his sides. “Your Majesty, I am at your mercy. I wish to live if you will permit it.”
She slid the silver sword back into its scabbard and mounted her horse. The other soldiers were standing like statues in disbelief of what they had seen. They spoke not a word for fear of experiencing the same humiliation and expressions of awe confirmed that this act had indeed made an impression on every single one of them.  
A crowd quickly gathered relaying word of what had just happened throughout the ranks. More soldiers came running to see what would happen to the defeated man.  He was the most vicious, strongest warrior in their entire infantry and the impossible had just happened. He had been easily defeated in one-on-one battle. And the victor was a woman.
Who was this Queen?  The blade of his sword sliced off like a soft branch was not to be believed but, there it was. She was something mystical, powerful beyond anything they had ever seen. What would she do with him? Had he finally met his fate and would this be his end?
Caryn glanced at the Colonel, saw his amazement and noticed a slight smile peeking through his lips.  She looked down at her would be assassin.
“Soldier, pick up your blade and place it and its handle back into your scabbard.  Now that you’ve experienced your own limitations, I believe we can speak politely to each other.  Get to your feet and tell me your name.  I wish to know to whom I am speaking.”
He picked up the severed blade and moved it close to the handle, the two pieces were drawn together and merged back into the sword he had carried for all those centuries.  He stared at it in wonderment as the crowd around him ooh’ed and ah’ed.  He looked at Caryn then, back at the sword.  What decision was he trying to make? Was he considering another attack?  After a moment of hesitation he realized this was no ordinary battle. He was truly and completely beaten.
With his sword back in its scabbard, he bowed and said, “Your Majesty, my name is Alexander and I am ready to take whatever remedy you deem fit as retribution for my actions.”
The sun was warm and a slight breeze blew across the field as the entire army gathered to witness the event that was unfolding in this remote part of the camp. They passed the news from front to back and everywhere in between until every single one of them knew what had just happened.
Caryn, now confident in Hestia’s power, had to focus on the right thing to do. She could not allow herself to become caught up in any self-satisfaction, vengeance or emotional pats on the back. She knew that this victory was not for her but was, in fact, for everyone.
“Well Alexander, I want to ensure that I, and all here, understand your request.  You said that you wish to live. Does that mean you wish to live here, with all of your friends and allies…, here in this place and here as a loyal subject?”
“Yes Ma’am. It does.”
“Then, Alexander, you and I shall have further conversations before I decide your fate.  Your first duty is to spread the word about this day to all in this army. You shall not embellish the facts but will tell only those things you experienced. In seven days hence, you and I will once again speak whereupon we shall decide your future.”
With his head still submissively bowed he replied, “Yes Ma’am. I understand and will comply”
Caryn pulled up on her reins.  “Colonel, I think my work is done here.  Shall we go?”
The Colonel’s usual unemotional face was now red and flushed.  He took a very long and deep breath of relief.  “Yes Ma’am… after you.”
Caryn looked at him and smiled.  She secretly hoped that her own anxiety hadn’t been too apparent and decided to focus on his.  “Why Colonel, were you nervous about how this would turn out?”
“Yes Ma’am… I… um… I did not think that… I just didn’t know that you could ––”
Caryn didn’t wait for him to finish his stuttering.  She laughed, spurred her horse and headed back. The Colonel looked at the defeated soldier, shook his head and galloped to catch up. The soldiers opened a path in front of the Queen giving her clear passage back to the Colonel’s tent. As they rode side by side, he managed to ask, “I do not know who or what you are but you could obviously defeat this entire army by yourself.  I have never before seen such power. Are you a god and what will you do with Alexander?”
Caryn laughed.  “A god?  No Colonel, I’m not a god. The power you just witnessed isn’t even mine.  It’s something beyond me, beyond you and beyond all of your soldiers.”
“I don’t really understand Ma’am. But I do know that I and most of my men would follow your orders even without such a display of power. You are truly our Queen.”
Caryn smiled.  “Ah but, the total defeat of Alexander in front of the others might help prevent some of them from objecting to my reign in this land.”
“Agreed Ma’am. Fear of retribution is a powerful sedative for quelling rebellions. Will you make an example of him?”
“That depends on him Colonel. We’ve been given a second chance here and it’s up to us to use it for everyone’s benefit.  You and I are on trial much as he just was. Our future actions will determine our future existence. I’m hopeful it will be a good one. What I do with Alexander is up to him. His words and actions over the next few days will determine his fate and ours will do the same for us.”
“Pardon me Ma’am but, with such power, how could you be on trial by anyone?”
Caryn glanced at him with a serious expression. “Sir, I have to answer for my actions just as you and everyone else here and this is a time for us all to reflect.  You and your men have a week to ponder what happened here today and decide who will stay and who will not.” –– She stopped and looked squarely into his eyes. –– “I assure you Colonel that no harm will befall any of you by my hand but I cannot predict your futures.  Only you will determine what that course will be and it shall be done by your own decisions and deeds.”
When they arrived at his tent, the Colonel bowed. “We shall have your answers in one week Ma’am. I will see to it.”
Caryn bade him goodbye and rode out from the encampment through the underground field.
After she passed by the last sentry, she looked back over her shoulder.  The entire camp was fading from sight, dissolving into the air.  Tents, soldiers, horses and their fires were becoming more and more transparent as she moved farther away.  Then, they disappeared.
She was just as confused as the soldiers and wondered if the whole episode had been a hallucination.  If I’m dreaming that I’m having a dream, I wonder what will really happen when I wake up. She put her hand over her face, closed her eyes and continued riding out of the field…, wondering.
The horse carried her through the hallways and back into the great room where she was greeted by the huge crowd.  She rode up the center aisle to the front of the room amidst cheers and accolades of a successful mission and wondered how they could know of her actions.  Maybe some of them saw what happened from an observation point or something.  Humph, guess I’ll have to make another speech.
She dismounted, took a long breath and petted the horse. “I don’t know where you came from but you are quite a beautiful steed. I hope I’ll see you again.”
Suddenly, the reins dissolved from her hand and the horse changed shape..., into a human.  It was Hestia!
Caryn’s hand went back up to her face and she looked at Hestia through her open fingers.  “I should have known... or at least guessed.  Wow!”
Hestia smiled, bowed her head and, without saying so much as a word, changed into a white dove and flew down the hall, through the doors and back to the underground forest.  “Wow,” Caryn muttered, “I’ll never get used to that!”
As she walked up the steps to the stage, people were still applauding and cheering.  She turned to face the audience and Bixby raised his hands to quiet the crowd.  Caryn leaned over and whispered, “How did everyone know what happened?”
Bixby put his hand next to his mouth and whispered back.  “Your Majesty, we could see everything.  We watched as you passed through the camp, as you spoke with the soldiers and as you defeated the one called Alexander. You see, you never actually left the underground forest.”
“What?  I was there in their camp…, wasn’t I?”
“Not in the physical sense Ma’am.  You could see them but they could only see you when you stopped and spoke.  You were not really on the surface and they were not down here but you could see and hear each other’s image whenever you chose it to be so.  Since each of you could only see a projection, an image of each other, there was never any possibility that they could hurt you.”
“Oh!  That’s why Alexander’s sword passed through me with no effect.  It wasn’t really me!  I was just a ghost.”
“Yes Ma’am. That is correct.”
Wait a minute though, if I wasn’t really there, then why was I able to cut off his blade.  I saw it fall to the ground and then I saw it become whole again.  How did that happen?”
“Ma’am, with all due respect, there are still some things that even you cannot yet know.”
“Ha!  Well, at least I don’t have to make a long speech to tell everyone what happened so let’s start this celebration.”
And celebrate, they did.  The head table was rolled into position, food was served and Bixby handed Caryn a brightly wrapped box with a card that said, “A gift for Her Majesty.”
“A present... for me…?  Thank you!”  She tore it open and gasped.  “Oh Bart…, this-is-beautiful!”
“I understand your other diary is nearly full and we thought you might like a new one. I hope this is acceptable.”
Caryn opened the lock and felt the buttery soft leather cover.  She looked at her name stamped in gold leaf and flipped through the lightly lined blank pages.
She leaned over to Bixby and hugged him. “Thank you Bart… oh, um, I mean Lord Bixby.  I love it!
His face turned bright red.
When Caryn noticed his flushed color, she laughed. “Sorry about that. Forgot my royal demeanor thingy for a second..., protocols and all that.”
He loosened his collar a bit and adjusted his tie.  “Yes Ma’am.”  He cleared his throat.  “Um, I am, um.... We are happy that you like our gift and hope you will memorialize your thoughts in this very special diary for a very long time.”
Caryn grinned.  “I will my friend. That I will.”
Later, upstairs in the castle, a cool breeze flowed through the open bedroom window and across Caryn’s face as she closed her eyes and wondered about all that had happened that day.  She yawned and rubbed the tight muscles in her neck.
I think it’s time for a nap.  Maybe if I sleep for a while, I’ll wake up in the real world.  I wonder. Did any of this really happen or has my imagination finally taken over my thinking?  This is way too much to figure out now. Time to sleep. I’ll worry about my sanity later.
Reconstruction
Seven days had passed and Caryn was still wondering if her experience with Alexander was real or just a dream. It all seemed quite impossible. Before getting out of bed, she opened her new diary and began to write.
It’s time meet with the soldiers again but this time there will be no imagery or other trickery. It will really be me walking out to the Colonel’s tent.
I wonder why we can’t do it the same way this time.  It seems infinitely more effective and much less stressful than actually being in the midst of all of those soldiers. Oh well. Once again, I said I would do it and now I have to keep my word.  This leadership stuff is not all fun and games.
Sarah knocked and peeked in. “Your Majesty, it’s time to prepare for your meeting.”
“Oh, right. We start very early today it seems.”
“Yes Ma’am. Just as you ordered. I see you were already awake.  Have you not slept?”
“Yes…, a little. I just woke up early and decided to write a few notes. Sarah, would you tell me something?”
“Of course Ma’am!”
“Last week when I was in the underground field, did I…, was there a” — Well, just tell me what you saw happen.”
Sarah looked puzzled.  “Ma’am, Hestia took the form of a horse and you rode her into the army’s camp for a meeting.  Don’t you remember?”
“What about the soldiers who attacked me?”
“There was only one who attacked Ma’am. You defeated him. Today you are to decide his fate for that act.”
It was as she remembered. With a sigh of relief, she put her diary on the nightstand, blew out the lantern and jumped out of bed. “Thank you Sarah. Let’s get started.”
“Yes Ma’am.  We have your bath and today’s outfit ready.  Do you want someone to awaken the Princesses?”
“No thank you. Let them sleep.  They’ll want to go with me and it’s going to be too dangerous today.  Keep them down here where it's safe.”
“As you wish Ma’am.”  Sarah opened the door and they went to the private bathing room where the maids had everything ready.
It was still dark when she walked up the secret stairs to the castle.  She checked her appearance in a full length mirror, gulped down a nervous emotion and went to the front door.  
I’m glad the girls are still asleep so they can’t see how scared I am.  Then she stiffened. “Whew!  Okay Caryn Elizabeth, get hold of yourself!”
With a deep breath, she hurried out the door, past the fountain, down the streets to the open gate, and stopped. A thick morning mist shrouded the entire bridge.  Whoa, I can barely see my feet.
She tried to walk as quietly as possible but the sounds of her boots on the bridge were amplified by the dry moat below.  Thud… thud… thud…. They echoed through the fog like the feet of a huge giant smashing into hard ground.  She stopped for a moment and listened.  It was dead silent.
“This is really spooky!” she said out loud followed by…, “Oops.  Shush Caryn.”  She covered her mouth, took another deep breath and continued.  At the end of the bridge, she stopped again.  “Whew” she muttered quietly with her hand on her chest.  Okay heart… slow down… take a breath…. I can do this…. I will do this. And, I will be successful!
Suddenly, Artemus played an announcement that sounded like a hundred trumpets. The sheer volume and suddenness of it startled Caryn so much she nearly stumbled.
Whoa. How the heck did he do that?  They'll think there's an entire army in the castle.  Then she smiled. Artemus, you sly devil.  That’s what you want them to think…, along with waking them up of course.
To the right, the left and behind, the haze was so thick that one could not even see the ground. Then it thinned in front creating a path that guided her to the Colonel's quarters unseen.  Hestia or someone is doing this. Fog or mist or whatever this stuff is just doesn’t behave this way.  Ha, and I thought I’d have to do this one all alone.
When she reached the Colonel’s tent, the haze quickly evaporated into the warm morning air revealing many soldiers startled from their sleep by Artemus' deafening announcement.
“Good morning Colonel." she said as she emerged from the mist and walked through the tent opening. "The fog has lifted and this will be a beautiful day.”
He bowed.  “And a very good morning to you Your Majesty. I hope your week went as well as did ours. There has been quite a change here.”
“Excellent, then you and your soldiers are enjoying our sunny days and peaceful nights I trust. And, what of your troops, have they decided?”
“Yes Ma’am!  Many welcome a return to a peaceful life and to the professions, trades and businesses they knew before they became soldiers.
For others, however, being a soldier is the only profession they've ever known and they’re unable to understand what they’ll do in a place where there are no battles to fight.”
“I see.  Perhaps they're the ones you refer to as Royal Marines.  I've had some experience with such a person and I assure you that their honor courage and commitment does have a place here and they are definitely needed.”
“Her Majesty seems more familiar with Royal Marines than she previously let on but, based on what I've witnessed these last few months, I am not surprised.”
“Let’s just say that I've observed the mannerisms of your warriors and understand their dilemma.  They’ve worked hard to hone the skills necessary to be victorious in battle and I won’t take that away from them.  This new society is based on peace and harmony. But even here, there is a place for them.  I see a new campaign in which their talents will be needed and a new mission upon which they shall be focused.”
“Then you are planning a new operation Ma’am.  What troop strength is necessary and when must we be ready?”
“Ah Colonel, you’re thinking offensively.  I don’t wish to attack anyone.  Soldiers are also charged with the task of protection... defense... the preservation of a society’s way of life.  It is this type of campaign I wish to begin.”
“I’m not sure I understand Ma’am.”
“This Queendom will be one of peace and freedom through strength.  I am sure you know that an enemy’s fear of losing a war helps prevent war from happening.”
“True Ma’am. I believe I see where you are going with this new campaign. How will you implement it?”
For those who choose to reject my offer, they will be given all the supplies necessary for a safe and comfortable passage out of this land.  For those who accept, they will stay to rebuild this place.  And those who wish to remain as soldiers will protect it against all threats, whether foreign or domestic.  Everyone in your army has a skill of some sort and each one is needed. Each one is just as important as the other and each one will be utilized. Send that message to your men and tomorrow, we'll finalize our strategic plan for the future.”
The Queen’s message that each individual was just as important as every other was spread throughout the army and, for them, it was quite extraordinary. The knowledge that they were not just pawns to be spent in battle at the whim of a greedy monarch was uplifting.  Even those who chose to keep their weapons at the ready would have a place protecting others who would trade in their sword for the plow or the pen.  They could once again become men of honor.
Over the next few weeks, Caryn and the Colonel refined their plan and started the artisans, carpenters, masons, farmers and the rest on the task of building their future homes.
There were many smiles and pats on the back as men finished a stone wall or a window frame and then stood back to admire their work.  They were now building instead of razing and destroying.  
Their work rewarded each craftsman with a new self-respect and hope for the future. Skills, long dormant, were flowing to the surface in a glorious bouquet of partnership and cooperation. One mixed shellac while another smoothed the wood.  Another mixed the mortar and yet another placed each stone. The result was the birth of a new home built with a pride no longer suppressed by frustration and hate.
Early one morning Caryn went to the Colonel. “I see that things are going well here. The fields are planted and the buildings occupied but we have much more to do.”
“Every man has a place to sleep and food to eat.  What do you wish to add?”
“They're missing something very important Colonel. Their families.”
“Yes Ma’am. That is true but ––”
Caryn put her hand up.  “I know I know. It seems their families are long gone. But we’ve found some information, a clue of sorts.  I don’t know if we can ever find any of their loved ones but don’t you think it’s worth trying?”
“Yes, of course Ma’am. But it's been almost two months and the troops still searching have found nothing.”
“Understood. I want you to get your latest information, make a map of the areas they’ve searched and give it to me.”
“Yes Ma’am. How will that change anything?”
“We’re going to study it.  I can’t promise this but maybe we can come up with a more effective search plan.”
“I see. Perhaps a different perspective will help.  When our couriers arrive tonight, we’ll update our maps and have them ready for you in the morning.”
The next day, Caryn took the maps to the library. “Bart, do you know how much area was under your spell?”
“No Ma’am.  I vaguely remember reciting the words but I’m not sure if I said Blackthorn Forest or just the southern regions.  I am sorry but, it was the second or third day I was locked in the closet.  I wish I could be more accurate.”
“Well, no water for several days would certainly make one’s mind a little convoluted.  I can attest to that.  What do you think about searching the other areas?”
Bixby ran his index finger over several places on one of the maps.  “These are all possibilities Ma’am.  If the spell was wider than just the forest itself and these areas were also trapped, many towns and cities would have been affected.”
“Then, if those areas were affected, the people there would have been restored just like the army. I’ll let the Colonel know tomorrow.”
The next morning, Caryn marched into the Colonel’s headquarters with an arm full of maps.
“Good morning Colonel.” she said continuing without waiting for his reply. “What do you think about splitting up the six thousand soldiers you have searching as a single group into small parties of say…, twenty men each?  That would give us about three hundred search parties.”
"I don't understand Ma'am?"
“We think it’s possible that the spell may have covered these areas as well as the forest you were in.  We really don’t know. But, if it did, there will be many other people who will have survived all those centuries.  If that is true, we have to find and reunite them. Your soldiers’ families could be among them. What do you think?”
His face lit up with optimism.  “I like this plan Ma'am!  We've been limiting our search to only the forest.  If what you believe is true, it opens up a very large area and covering it with many small teams would be logical. Very well done Ma’am!  I’ll have my staff send out new orders immediately.”
Within a week, there was a constant stream of couriers coming and going to various places carrying news of their progress. The new areas were so large it could take years to search them all but it gave the men a goal and, more importantly, hope for the future.
Over the next month, Caryn noticed a marked improvement in the appearance of the castle and its surrounding structures.
Houses, shops, dining halls and meeting rooms had been renovated and four thousand men no longer had to sleep in tents.  Hay had been cut and raked for storage and the corn and wheat fields had been plowed in preparation for the next spring’s planting.  Storage buildings were filling up with the early harvest of staples to be used throughout the winter and, seeing their cooperation, the Queen smiled.
Ordinary men, who had once destroyed and pillaged, were now giving back with their best efforts. They worked from sunup till sundown never tiring, never complaining.  Perhaps they knew it was for their own use and, with any luck, would also be for their missing families.
One afternoon the Monarch looked out over the valley from high up in the tower. “Artemus, do you think it possible that we can ever find their families?”
She heard him moving toward her. Then his disembodied voice surrounded her ears.  “Your Majesty, it is a beautiful afternoon, don’t you think?”
She laughed.  “You’re not going to answer my question, are you?”
“You are doing the right thing Ma’am but I cannot predict the future.  I can only see and report.”
She turned around and spoke into the empty room.  “Well Artemus, I hope that someday soon, you'll be alerting us to a courier galloping toward us in an extreme hurry.” 
She walked to the door and looked back toward the room’s center. “And, my friend, that courier will be carrying wonderful news of having found an entire city of the people those men miss so much.”
“I look forward to that Your Majesty.”
Back in her bedroom, she picked up her new diary and smiled.  Giving me this was really considerate. I am so lucky to be surrounded by wonderful people who truly care about others. She opened it and began to write.
Tents are no longer necessary and, on the face of it, we now have a real society…, a real Queendom. Except for a few dissenters who are loyal to the Colonel but not to a queen, everyone seems content. The dissenters think it’s demeaning to be ruled by a woman but they don’t want to leave the only life they’ve ever known. At least, no one has been sent away. I really don’t want to exile anyone.
Every week we analyze the reports from search teams and coordinate with Lieutenant Colonel Talbot. He’s quite content to stay in the field hoping to find his and his troops’ families.
I wish there was something more I could do but I don’t have a clue what that might be. Perhaps Bart, Sarah or those who are looking through old records might discover something useful. I can’t even imagine what that could be but they’re good at everything they do. Me…, not so much.
As she wrote those notes, exhaustion overtook her. It was time to stop, rest and sleep.
She put down the pencil, yawned and got into bed mumbling. “A nap..., just an afternoon nap. I have lots to do tomorrow. I’ll just take a quick nap to rest my eyes.”
Within minutes she was fast asleep and unaware of a white dove gliding silently in through the window to deliver an envelope that was secured with a red wax seal of the Queen’s crown.
The bird looked at Caryn, carefully placed the envelope on the open page of her diary, flipped its cover closed and silently flew away into the warm afternoon sunshine.
Several days later she opened her diary to write about her plans for the Wallace family and discovered the message.
~*~
Be vigilant, be brave and always be yourself.
Evil still grows in the shadows.
~*~
What other battles will she have to fight to keep her Queendom and its people safe and content?
Only time will tell.

~*~
Let us know what you think happens next
