
Chaos of Choice

Book 1

Blood and Fog
	






By Kaeleb LD Appleby







I would like to acknowledge the works of J.R.R Tolkien, R.A. Salvatore, Andrzej Sapkowski, and the Final Fantasy titles by Square Enix, for opening my eyes to other worlds beyond this one.  










Cover Art by K. I. Dawson-Appleby




PART ONE


At the end of time the Goddess shall rise and with her she will bring death and destruction unto the world as she unleashes her vengeance upon The Five Gods.
The Prophecy of The Five, Ch 5: The Prophecy


Ever since the beginning of our time the Fog has been with us, granting the people of Essinendeür power, caring, love, and life. The cloud of many colours that is the Fog is said to be a gift of The Five Gods by self-righteous preachers and other holy men who in truth have little understanding of it. Many say the Fog is a sentient being that acts and thinks through its own volition, and some even say it was in fact the Fog that created The Five. Nonsense. The Fog is a tool to be used, a means to create great magicks, and through that magicks create incredible things. But the Fog can be a fickle tool, dangerous, and there is nothing worse, and nothing more inspiring, than a tool with a mind of its own.
Memoirs of a Magi by Magi Drakkas Eitherian





Chapter One

Year 3630, the Fifth Age, the eighty-seventh day of Spring

He sliced through the cloud cover, causing water droplets to splatter across his face, a face set with determination. The grey clouds surrounded him as he sped through the air causing more drops of water to spray on his face and the windshield of his craft. He was travelling at immense speeds but the shape and design of his craft protected him from the wind as he plummeted towards the ground.
The clouds suddenly burst apart and the far green lands of Essinendeür opened up below him.  Still far below he could see the great snow-capped mountains and the dense pine forest around their rocky feet.
Needless to say though, he was not in awe of the land below him, for his mind was set on his task. This mission, which had been given to him alone, was the sole reason he was here and he would not let his mind slip. He would complete his mission and nothing would distract him. Though he did wonder why he was landing in the northern region of Gaianaus when his objective lay far to the south in The Scar of Gornl. Dismissing his curiosities he set his mind back to the task at hand. He would land in the north and then set about travelling southwards, and kill any who opposed him.
A smile crept over his face as he thought about the many enemies he might encounter in this dangerous and foreign land. His golden eyes glanced over his shoulder where he could see the silver hilt of his sword out of the corner of his eye. The sword was his only friend and his greatest ally. It was his most deadly tool and he was a master in its use.
A sudden flash of light caught his attention and he saw a burning spear of flame scorching towards him. Clouds evaporated before it and he could already hear the wind whistle and burn as the flames locked onto him.
“De’im,” he quietly cursed and he tried to steer his ship away from the missile.
But no matter how much he changed his course or altered his speed he could not break the lock the magickal projectile had on him. There was no escaping the spear of fire so he gritted his teeth and waited for the impact. The missile flew closer and he could feel the heat on his face and arms, but he did not flinch until the last second. Inches from impact he spun his craft away from the missile causing the flaming arrow to blast past him and explode in the air. Somehow he had evaded the attack, but the missile had ripped off one of his craft’s wings and sent him into a dangerous spiral.
The wind whistled past his ears as he tried to correct his craft’s flight, but it was no use. Without the wing his ship was too off balance and there was no way he could stop his fiery descent. He crashed through the canopy of the pine forest and in a blur of motion and smoke he was violently thrown from his seat. The trees splintered as his craft bounced off several pine trees before it came to an abrupt halt at the foot of a wide tree trunk.
With a groan he pushed himself up from the ground and staggered to his feet. Somehow he had survived. The pine needles that lay in a thick carpet on the ground must have saved him from being ripped apart by the rocks.
Tall trees surrounded him, some with trunks ten feet wide and standing hundreds of feet high. Around the base of the trees the undergrowth was filled with small, pale, leafy plants, but they were sparse and the gnarled roots of the trees stuck out of the ground like thin fingers as they clutched desperately to the black rocks among the pine needles. The only light penetrating the dark forest was from the hole that he had created in the crash. Outside that loft of light the forest was filled with shadow.
The Fog hung heavily in the air, its colours of green, yellow and pink shimmered in the rare sunlight that had cascaded into the forest. It danced on the light rays like dust particles on a soft breeze, shifting about as it warped and rolled over itself.
Without much regard for his surroundings he stretched his back and arms before making sure his sword was still clipped to his shoulder, and with a deep breath he began on his way to complete his mission. But before he could take a step his broken craft suddenly sparked a light and the fuel ignited with a deafening boom. His incredible reflexes saved him and he dove away from the explosion. Rolling to his feet he looked up just in time to see a warped piece of shrapnel hurtle at his face.
***************************************************
Cold steel and bright monitors filled the dark room each with flashing lights and dials, each designed for a specific purpose, and at each of them someone sat, monitoring the dials and lights. In a room full of sounds of machinery and technology it was hard to believe the level of silence. Not a word could be heard from the silhouettes watching the screens so intently, their focus fixed, which they had learnt to not let slip from their tasks.
Discipline had been drilled into them since they first set foot in the world, the weak fell and the strong continued on. Only the best survived in this world, and here they were, in a small room staring at monitors, such menial tasks set for warriors of great skill. After years of brutal training they had reached great heights of physical and mental ability, and yet here they were sitting in front of a data screen, their faces stamped with boredom.
A light began to flash, bringing her from her daydream.
“De’im,” she muttered quietly as she looked at the flashing screen, “Commander, I have a ‘System Fail’.”
“What? How?” the Commander asked in surprise as he moved over to her station.
“I am not sure sir, I was watching the screen when all of a sudden Number One went offline,” she shrugged.
The Commander sighed. “These things cost a fortune too, write up a report.”
“Wait, sir it’s coming back online.”
“Really? Well, I guess there is a reason they cost so much.” The Commander laughed softly. “Keep an eye on it.”
“Yes sir,” she said with a nod, and sighed as she went back to her day dreaming.
Agitatedly she stretched her fingers and shoulders, she was sick of work and longed to be back in the training arena.
*******************************************************
He awoke with a start his hand reflexively trying to go to the sword at his shoulder. But his hands did not move, for they were strapped to the arms of the chair that he was sitting in. He pulled against the colourful glowing bindings angrily, but it was no use, he was captured.
Never before had he been captured by the enemy and he was annoyed that he had been, but never the less the challenge of escape filled him with excitement. A thin smile came to his lips as he looked about the room.
Everything in the cell, including the chair, was made from the powers of the Fog: the cloud-like phenomenon that granted magicks to Essinendeür’s populace. He had learnt all about the Fog and its powers during his study leading up to this mission. The glassy surface of the walls, floor and ceiling with the Fog floating calmly within, indicating that this structure was a specialised building made entirely from the Fog.
He firmed his jaw in resolve and smiled, because once free of the bindings he could escape the walls with relative ease. Subconsciously he glanced toward his right shoulder where he could just see the silver roaring lion’s head pommel of his sword.
The only door to the small room opened quietly and in walked a beautiful soldier, her golden tanned skin, rich red hair and delicately pointed ears made it clear she was a Zirarien, also known as a Blood Elf. She was dressed in a tight green military uniform which had glowing lines of magicks running through the fabric and accentuating her curves. An epaulette on her left shoulder with three glowing lines on it identified her as a captain, which meant he was likely being held inside a military compound.
The blood elf closed the door softly and stood staring curiously at him, her amazing blue eyes boring into him.
He quickly looked away from the elf’s stare for something was suddenly very wrong within his mind. He kept thinking about how attractive she looked, those long shapely legs, her thick scarlet hair, and stunning blue eyes. He imagined those legs wrapped around him and him running his hands over her body.
What is wrong with me? His thoughts were so foreign, he was only meant to be thinking about completing his mission, and nothing should be distracting him.
Struggling with his thoughts he focused his mind on his mission, it was still there and as clear as ever, but now it felt less important.
Had his captors cast some form of magicks upon him? No, that was impossible. The side of his head began to throb and a trickle of blood flowed down from the wound on the side of his head where the piece of shrapnel from his exploding air-craft had hit him. Had the blow to his head created these thoughts to spark within him?
“I thought the medics had stitched up that wound,” remarked the elf as she took a closer look at the side of his head. “We had to cut away your hair to clean it. You are lucky to be alive.”
“Luck had nothing to do with it,” he mumbled, and stretched his neck, which suddenly felt stiff.
“Who are you?” she asked, causing him to snap his eyes to her.
“No one of concern,” he replied quickly, and looked away as he pulled at his bindings.
“No,” the elf shook her head seriously. “You are someone of great concern, that much is clear. So, who are you? Were you in the military, an officer perhaps?”
He looked at her in confusion.
“Your sword,” she explained, “it is the same shape as an old Lieutenant’s ceremonial sword, the same as a Dwarven Sabre. Although it is quite a bit larger, and the black metal of the blade is unusual.”
He did not respond as he looked away from the elf and continued to pull at the magickal bindings.
“Very well,” she sighed. “Keep your secrets. But if you do not say anything we will have to resort to less than civil means of interrogation.”
“Torture?” He smirked.
“I do not condone it,” she replied quickly, “but my superiors consider it viable and I have to follow their orders.”
“And you just do as they instruct?” he asked without thinking, and it caused him to wonder at his own question.
“What can I do?” the blood elf asked irritably. “Create a petition to stop the torture of prisoners. I do not think that will make a great difference.”
“I was once told that the only thing required for evil to prosper is for one good person to do nothing,” he replied simply, but again his words did not sit well in his own mind.
The blood elf gave him a curious look and it seemed as if she was about to say something more, but the door to the chamber opened quietly and in walked a short fat man with the same green uniform, that had several glowing lines of rank upon his shoulder guard. Thankfully though, his uniform was not skin tight.
“Captain Fairris,” the fat man said, “your five minutes are finished and your alternative method of interrogation has seen no benefit. It is time to see if I can’t get him talking.”
“Please Commander Razaless, if you would give me more time,” the blood elf replied. “I have barely begun to create a rapport with the prisoner.”
“No Fairris,” the Commander stopped her short. “Regional Command Rathgard wants this done quickly, and he is in fact coming down on the morrow. We need results.”
Fairris sighed deeply and looked as if she wanted to argue, but she did not, and with a sympathetic glance at the prisoner she left the room.
“Fairris,” Razaless called after her, “I need you to go to the observation room to be a witness for this interrogation, Danner is on his break. No arguing, this is an order.”
“Yes sir.” The elf nodded her head solemnly and closed the door after her.
“Well then, let us to it, Lieutenant,” Razaless smiled coldly as he turned back to the prisoner.
“What did you call me?”
“You have not given us a name, and there is no record of you, so you have been simply labelled ‘The Lieutenant’,” the Commander explained with a shrug, “Because of your sword you see, shame there are no magicks in it else we might have sold it for a good price. It is a rather grandiose title, and in my view you are not fit to have it, but there we are and there we have it, Lieutenant.”
The prisoner did not reply and he narrowed his golden eyes at the Commander.
“I must confess, I quite enjoy myself whilst interrogating prisoners,” Razaless said as he stretched his fingers.
The Lieutenant continued to stare quietly at Razaless, a thin smile spread across his face.
The Commander paused to regard him curiously and the slightest hint of hesitation began to show on his face. Clearing his throat the Commander wiped away the sudden moistness on his palms and muttered a spell under his breath.
The Lieutenant watched with amusement as Razaless pointed two fingers towards him and a ring on his finger flared brightly. Wisps of Fog swirled around his hand as the spell was completed before drifting through the air towards The Lieutenant and into the gems mounted at the crosspiece of his sword.
The Commander’s eyes went wide in surprise as he realised that his torture spell had not worked and he looked at the prisoner, puzzled. The Lieutenant returned the Commander’s confused expression with a mocking smile.
Razaless’s face went red in embarrassment and he tried again to cast the spell of pain, but the same thing happened.
“Are you enjoying yourself now?” The Lieutenant smiled, causing Razaless’s face to convulse in anger.
The Commander gnashed his teeth. “There is more than one way to make you talk, scum.”
With a flick of his wrist a magickal dagger appeared in the man’s fat hands and the Commander took a step towards him.
“You are no Lieutenant,” Razaless sneered. “You should not have even been labelled as a Private. You’re nothing but a witless cur, scum of the earth, and I will make you talk, one way or another.”
The Lieutenant did not reply and in fact he was no longer even paying attention to the Commander, as he realised that something else was terribly wrong with him. The throbbing at the side of his head had increased and was now blinding him with pain. A pulse of agony flashed before his eyes and he tried to yell out, but all that came was a guttural roar. White dots appeared in his sight as the torment increased and he desperately pulled against the bindings on the chair, twisting the magicks that held him. Suddenly his hands were free and he grabbed franticly at his skull trying to suppress the pain. He twisted in the seat grabbing the arms of the chair, his nails tearing apart as he scratched across the glassy surface, but all he could feel was the burning throb in his head. He could feel the warmth of his blood flowing down the side of his head and neck. Lightning bolts of pain pulsed through his body making his joints pop in convulsions, his stomach twisted and he felt as if he might vomit. The torture was too much to bear. He heard the bone splitting crack of his skull and blood erupted from the side of his head as he fell into unconsciousness.
****************************************
His consciousness came back as the hard ground slapped against his face. There came a clang of metal on rock as his sword was thrown down beside him. Rolling onto his back The Lieutenant coughed the dust from his lungs, and rubbed away the bright stars behind his eyes.
“What happened?” he mumbled to himself and coughed again.
Rubbing a hand across his face to try and push away the grogginess he still felt, he forced himself to stand so that he could be rid of this place. Dusting off his dark blue vest and loose pants that were tucked into his tight knee-high boots, he looked to be on his way out of the prison. Before he even took a step, a sudden wave of light-headedness came over him and he stumbled to the side. Concern gripped him as he stretched the dullness from his fingers; for some reason he had not fully recovered.
Stubbornly he shook away his disorientation and lethargy and turned to pick up his sword, but it was no longer there, and instead it rested in the hands of a large fat man who was showing it off to a gathered crowd.
Anger flared within him as he saw his beautiful blade in the hands of such an inept fool, the silver sharp edge along the black blade glimmering in the light of the sun Inüer.
“Welcome to the Abyss buddy,” the man with his sword said, laughing at him. “Did ye have fun with the Commander?”
The Lieutenant glared at the large man and slowly surveyed the laughing crowd.
“No way you’re getting out of this prison boy,” the man holding his sword continued. “But I’ll tell you what, do everything I say an’ you might actually enjoy yourself here.”
A chorus of laughter erupted from the crowd, and The Lieutenant narrowed his golden eyes dangerously.
“Return my sword,” The Lieutenant said calmly.
The large man regarded him curiously. “I’m thinking it be mine now.”
“You’d be thinking wrong,” he replied coldly, causing the man to regard him cautiously.
“Slice ‘im in two, Haster,” someone shouted from the crowd.
Before the man in the crowd had even finished speaking The Lieutenant dashed forward and slammed Haster in his ample gut, blasting the wind from his lunges. A quick and powerful kick followed, breaking the brute’s leg at the knee. Without slowing his movement he grabbed Haster’s wrist and pulled it away from the handle of the sword and in the same motion he pulled the arm from its shoulder socket. Pulling his sword back from Haster’s hand he took a step back and looked down at the kneeling man who was shaking with pain. With one swift swing of his sword Haster’s head fell to the dirt and was followed quickly by the rest of his body.
Flicking the blood from his sword The Lieutenant clipped it back onto his specialised shoulder guard and headed off into the rest of the compound and away from the stunned crowed. Before he could walk ten paces an acute sting shot through the side of his head and his vision blurred.
“Not again,” the Lieutenant growled. “Why have I not recovered?”
Throbbing pain shot through his face and neck again causing him to fall to his knees and scream out in anguish. He heard the sound of bone cracking and he felt the flow of his own blood and once again darkness took hold of him.
************************************************
Cold steel and bright monitors filled the dark room each with flashing lights and dials, each designed for a specific purpose, and at each of them someone sat, staring at the dials and lights. In a room full of sounds of machinery and technology it was hard to believe the level of silence. Not a word could be heard from the silhouettes watching the screens so intently, their focus was fixed, which they had learnt to not let slip from their tasks.
Discipline had been drilled into them since they first set foot in the world, the weak fell and the strong continued on. Only the best survived in this world, and here they were, in a small room staring at monitors, such menial tasks set for warriors of great skill. After years of brutal training they had reached great heights of physical and mental ability, and yet here they were sitting in front of a data screen, their faces stamped with boredom.
“Sir, here are the reports you requested,” she said as she handed the Commander the file.
“Thank you,” he replied without giving her much regard. “What is the latest report on Number One?”
“It is showing some abnormalities, but core functions are working properly,” she reported. “I will have the official report for you tomorrow.”
“Good.” The Commander nodded. “Before you go back to your station send this to the High King. That will be all.”
“Yes sir.” She took the piece of paper from the Commander and walked slowly over to the internal document transfer.
As she strolled across the room she absently glanced at the paper hoping for something interesting, but it was just the usual internal memorandum: a status report, predicted events and misinformation for the High Commission in Essinendeür.
With a sigh of boredom she sent the report and headed back to her work station.








Chapter Two

His golden eyes snapped open and he jumped into a sitting position. No longer was he lying in the dirt at the entrance to the compound, rather he was resting on top of a pile of rags that were likely used for a bed. The walls and roof of the hut was made from tin that was filled with hundreds of rust holes that let in the light. A chamber pot sat beside the bed and a crooked doorway led to the only other room in the run down building.
The Lieutenant stretched away the stiffness in his neck and rubbed a hand across his face. His sensitive fingers ran over the roughness of the scabs that ran from his left eyebrow across his temple and above his ear. Once again it had been cleaned and dressed.
With a sigh he got to his feet, subconsciously reaching over his shoulder to make sure his sword was still clipped there, but his fingers did not feel the soft black leather of the handle, he felt only air. Desperately he spun around and grabbed at the rags of the makeshift bed, tossing them around the small room, but soon his hands only scratched at dirt. His eyes darted around the room; his sword had to be there, but it was nowhere to be seen and despair clutched at him.
“Ya didn’t have to make a mess,” said a voice from the doorway where a small old man stood.
Quickly his despair turned to anger and he strode towards the old man. Grabbing him roughly by the collar of his jerkin The Lieutenant slammed the old man hard against the wooden frame of the tin wall.
“Where is it?” The Lieutenant demanded desperately.
“What is wrong with ya?” the man said gasping as he struggled feebly against The Lieutenant’s iron grip.
“My sword, where is it?” The Lieutenant demanded again.
“Ya never had a sword.” The ancient man pleaded, “Let me go.”
With a growl he let go of the man’s dirty shirt and turned away, kicking the chamber pot as he did and causing the contents to splatter across the dirt. Once again a sense of despair seeped into his mind.
“That is a fine way to thank the man who helped ya,” the old man grumbled as he hobbled into the next room.
“You, old man,” the Lieutenant said as he followed. “Where am I, which prison is this?”
The old man sighed deeply as he sat down at a small table and looked at him, deep lines creased between his bushy white eyebrows.
“My name is Mercile, not ‘old man’,” replied the old man indignantly. “And ya have the honour of being within the walls of the great Gaia Mountain Penitentiary. The place they send not the criminals, although I am sure there are quite a few of them, but the lot they want forgotten. Political refugees, soldiers of the people, the powerful nobleman that they want to get rid of or the unlucky soul who someone powerful simply doesn’t like, and like every other prison there is no chance of escape for ya lad, a magicks field surrounds this compound eliminating the use of other magicks.”
“I don’t need a lecture,” The Lieutenant replied. “I know of the Gaia Prison, and I know of the magicks field.”
“So, The Lieutenant knows everything does he?” Mercile snorted. “He knows the inner workings of the prison, of the Faction leaders in each Quarter and how they are constantly vying for control of the entire compound?”
He looked blankly at Mercile. “Do not call me Lieutenant.”
“Do ya have a name then?” the old man retorted.
He shrugged. “When it suits me, one is as good as another.”
“Then why not Lieutenant?”
He sat down opposite Mercile, never taking his stern gaze from the old man. “Lieutenant is a military rank, not a name.”
Mercile smirked. “If I shortened it to Lieut would that bother ya? Like that it’s an elven word meaning wanderer, nomad or vagabond depending on the context in which ya use it.”
The remark made the Lieutenant pause and look away from Mercile thoughtfully. “Li’ute also means lion,” he mumbled softly.
“What?” asked Mercile squinting his eyes, “Speak up, my hearing ain’t so good.”
“Nothing.” He shook his head.
“What?” Mercile asked loudly again.
“Nothing,” Lieut growled irritably.
“No need to yell.” Mercile sat back on his stool.
Lieut’s hand balled into a fist and he glared dangerously at the old man, but Mercile just burst out laughing, although his mirth quickly turned into a spasm of coughs, and after much struggle he coughed up a mouthful of phlegm that was red with blood. Casting his red spittle off into the corner Mercile wiped the bloody dribble from his chin and smiled weakly at Lieut.
“So, Lieut, care for something to eat?” Mercile asked with a smile.
“Just water,” he replied, and Mercile passed him a demijohn of water from the stash in the corner.
“Ya lost a sword then?” the old man asked between mouthfuls of stale bread.
“Yes.” Lieut nodded.
“Ya should talk to a man called Vythe over in the West Quarter,” suggested Mercile.
“Why are you trying to help me?” Lieut was quick to ask.
Mercile shrugged. “Everyone needs help at some point.”
Lieut narrowed his eyes at the old man. “Who is this Vythe?”
“He is a thief, and a good one at that, maybe he knows who took it,” replied Mercile. “He’s got his hand in a lot of pots that one, half the fights between Quarters have him and his friend Legin to thank.”
“A master of puppets,” Lieut mumbled after he took another swallow of water.
“And Vythe spins a web ya do not want to get caught up in,” Mercile said seriously. “Which makes me wonder why he-”
A loud bang on the front door interrupted the old man and made him jump in surprise and grab at his chest as if he was about to have a heart attack.
“Merc, we know ye got the guy who killed Haster in there,” shouted a gruff voice. “Open the door or we’ll knock it down.”
“I’ll handle this,” Mercile reassured Lieut as he got to his feet and shuffled over to the door.
“He’s not here fellas,” Mercile said as he opened the door, but the two men would not hear any of what the old man had to say.
As soon as the door opened the closest brute drove a rust-pitted dagger into Mercile’s gut and shoved past him. Lieut was on his feet and ready for a fight even before Mercile had opened the door, and with a confident smile on his face he waited for the two men to charge at him.
He did not have to wait long, for as soon as the first thug saw him he hollered and raced in, bloody dagger leading the way.
As the first one neared, Lieut exploded forward with a front kick blasting into the man’s gut, stopping him in his charge. As his foot touched down he grabbed the assailant’s head with both hands and slammed his knee into the man’s face, shattering his nose. Before the thug fell backwards into unconsciousness Lieut ripped the dagger from his meaty hands and turned to face his next victim.
Hardly learning from his companion’s errors the next thug charged in just the same as the first one. With a smile Lieut quickly flipped the dagger over in his hand and like a whip launched it into the oncoming thug’s throat causing the man to stop in his tracks and clutch desperately at his neck in an attempt to stem the blood flow. But inevitably the man stumbled backwards as his face drained of colour, and he collapsed to the ground.
Lieut started to move towards Mercile as the first thug began to regain consciousness, so he absently slammed his heel into the man’s throat. Walking past the second brute he picked up the dropped dagger and slid it into his belt at the small of his back.
Lying on the ground Mercile was coughing up blood when Lieut knelt beside him, and with a quick look at the wound in the old man’s gut he knew there was nothing to be done.
“It’s … it’s over for me,” Mercile stammered looking up at Lieut’s blank expression. “I hope … ye find yer sword … lad.”
Lieut watched impassively as the light left the old man’s eyes before standing up and looking briefly around the room for anything he could use. Taking a skin of water from Mercile’s stash he turned to leave.
“What have you done?” exclaimed someone angrily from the doorway.
Lieut turned to see a dark-haired man, roughly the same height as him, wearing a richly designed vest and stark white sleeves of a fitted shirt. His pants were black leather with embossed designs throughout, and his boots were high with silver buckles up the side.
“I haven’t done anything,” Lieut replied simply as he studied the man.
“Mercile just happened to stabbed himself in the stomach?” the man replied sarcastically, his darks eyes flaring.
“No.” Lieut shook his head. “These two thugs killed him. I killed them. And now I am leaving.”
Lieut pushed past the dark-haired man, who made no attempts to stop him. As a second thought he turned back to the man who was looking sadly down upon the body of Mercile.
“Do you know of the man named Vythe?” Lieut called out, making the man turn to regard him curiously.
“There are few who do not.” The man smiled as he turned from Mercile’s body. “Such is his infamy. Why do you look for him, if I may ask?”
“You may not,” Lieut snapped. “You can tell me where in West Quarter I might find him.”
“Can I?” the man replied, narrowing his eyes. “Luckily for you I have my own business in the West Quarter so I can point you in the right direction.”
“I did not ask for company,” Lieut said calmly.
“His location is such that it will be easier to show rather than tell,” replied the dark-haired man with a smile. “Shall we?”
The man headed off without another word, so with a frustrated sigh Lieut followed.
“You will expect payment I assume,” Lieut remarked as he walked beside the man.
“Of course,” came the reply. “But we can work that out later my friend.”
“I am not your friend,” Lieut replied quickly.
The man stopped and looked upon him as if wounded. “Do you prefer I call you Lieutenant?”
Lieut shot the man a curious glance, which was returned with a knowing smile.
“You had a reputation before you even set foot in this wretched place,” the dark-haired man explained. “These walls talk, if you know how to listen. ‘Newcomer’ they say, ‘a Lieutenant’ they whisper. If you listen hard enough you will also hear a tale of how this Lieutenant killed Commander Razaless during an interrogation by means of the Fog gushing out of his head.”
The last comment concerned Lieut, but he dismissed it. “You listen to fanciful gossip?”
The man laughed. “There is a shred of truth even in myths, and Commander Razaless is indeed dead my dear Lieutenant.”
“Don’t call me that,” Lieut replied sternly.
“Very well.” The man shrugged. “What shall I call you then?”
“Call me Lieut, if you must.”
The man laughed. “Elven for vagabond. It suits you.”
Lieut was losing his temper, but there came a shout from down the road as a group of inmates walked grim-faced towards the door of a large structure that was built into the main wall of the prison, and where the guards were barracked.
“It appears as if another rumour holds some truth,” the darkhaired man remarked as he nodded towards the group.
“What rumour?” asked Lieut.
The man smiled knowingly. “Some members of the guard are being thrown in with us.”
The two large doors of the barracks slid apart and several guards were pushed into the compound. Immediately their magickal binding dissipated and two of the guards dashed to get back into the safety of the barracks, but the doors were already closed. A cheer erupted as one of the prisoners launched a large rock that crushed one of the guard’s heads against the wall.
Lieut was about to move and be on his way but the shimmering red hair of one of the guards caught his eye. It was the blood elf, Fairris, who had initiated his interrogation.
“Why would she be cast in here?” Lieut mumbled to himself and clenched his jaw in frustration as he came to the only reasonable conclusion.
But he needed to be sure, and that meant talking to the elf, which unfortunately meant he had to save her from this rabble of prisoners.
Gritting his teeth in annoyance he started towards the group, but he was stopped short when the dark-haired man grabbed his arm and fixed him with a questioning look.
Lieut twisted from his grasp and shoved the dark-haired man back a few steps.
“There is no point aiding them,” said the dark-haired man as he regained his balance.
“Not them, her,” Lieut replied, wondering why he was even explaining himself.
“But why help at all?”
“It is not your concern,” Lieut replied sharply before darting off towards the fray.
Lieut picked his path quickly and headed for a small hut. He launched himself off a rock and jumped onto the roof. Without slowing he jumped from the roof and catapulted into the group of prisoners, drawing the rust-pitted dagger from his belt as he did. Lieut landed atop several inmates, shoving his dagger through the temple of one of them before rolling to his feet. Three other prisoners fell away from him clutching at their spilling entrails and the rest looked on in stunned silence. Lieut was upon them in seconds opening arteries and showering the rest in blood and gore.
Lieut worked his way through the mass of bodies towards Captain Fairris, who was fortunately still alive. He could see her red hair flashing through the gaps in the crowd as she executed skilful unarmed attacks. The last line of prisoners fell away desperately grabbing at their severed arteries and there stood the blood elf. A mixture of relief and confusion appeared on her face before she turned back to face the attackers, but the assault had stopped. Lieut paused as he waited for the next attack, but none moved and a circle began to form around him and Fairris.
“Hold, men of the East,” shouted a loud voice from the roof top from which Lieut had jumped and where the dark-haired man now stood confidently. “You have your work to be returning to.”
A murmur flowed throughout the group of prisoners, each wondering if they should be taking this man seriously.
“Who are you to tell us what to do?” called someone from the crowd, which induced several more shouts along the same vein.
“You are mistaken, my friends,” replied the dark-haired man, an arrogant smile across his face. “It is not I that demand this of you, why if it were up to me those two fools would be carrion food by now. Alas, it is not up to me, and as it were this command comes from Argyle. Am I correct in assuming that we are still all under his employ?”
More murmurs rippled throughout the crowed, accompanied by many concerned glances.
“Hold up, I recognise you,” shouted one of the prisoners, “You don’t work for Argyle, and you don’t even follow a faction. So how do you know what our Faction Leader commands?”
The dark-haired man smiled in response. “An apt question, but easily answered. I was with him only moments ago, and he paid me well to convey his message to you all. Any more doubts, perhaps you would like to talk to Argyle once you are done here, I am sure he will be pleased with your lack of discipline.”
The crowd of prisoners practically jumped to get on their way, many with worried looks on their faces.
“No way I’m going against Argyle’s command again,” Lieut heard one of the prisoners say. “I don’t want to spend a week in the Pit, last time nearly killed me.”
As the crowd left, the dark-haired man jumped lightly down from the roof and swaggered arrogantly over to Lieut, a wide smile on his face.
“I thought that went rather well,” the man said, his dark eyes glimmering.
Lieut did not bother replying, and turned towards Fairris who was stumbling over towards the bodies of her fallen comrades.
Several times she fell to the dirt and rocks, ripping the thin material of her uniform, which was now deprived of magicks. After what seemed like a painfully long time, she reached the body of one of her friends, who was barely alive. A few words were exchanged before the man died and Fairris began to cry.
Lieut sighed, he did not have the time or the patience for this and he needed answers now. Calmly he walked over to where the elf knelt by her friend, tears running down her face.
“Why are you imprisoned here?” Lieut demanded, his voice causing the elf to jump in surprise. “Was it the Regional Commander who sentenced you? Is he here at the prison? Tell me.”
“Have you no sympathy?” scolded the dark-haired man. “Her friends have just died, give her a moment to mourn.”
“Do not interrupt me.” Lieut glared at the man. “This is not the time to mourn. I need to know, now.”
The dark-haired man gave a disgusted sigh and turned away.
“It is because of you,” the elf mumbled.
“What?” asked Lieut insistently, hardly hearing what the elf had said.
“It is because of you they are dead!” Fairris screamed as she got to her feet, fists clenched by her sides. “If you had just died at that crash site none of this would have happened.”
The elf’s eyes burned with anger and tears as she lunged at him, but Lieut easily knocked aside her punch and sent Fairris sprawling in the dirt. With her uniform torn and her skin scratched, she was up in a flash, sending kicks towards his head. Lieut was getting annoyed as he agilely dodged the kicks, and with a growl he ended the fight quickly. As one of the elf’s kicks flew to his ribs, Lieut grabbed it firmly in mid-flight and at the same time knocked her other leg out from under her, causing Fairris to fall heavily on her back. Coughing for breath she did not return to the fight.
“Now you will answer me,” Lieut demanded.
“Enough of this insanity,” the dark-haired man cut in, and he moved to help the elf to her feet, but she pushed him away.
“They are all dead,” said Fairris quietly as she looked back to the bodies of her friends.
“Not all of them,” the darkhaired man replied softly to the elf. “The other woman was taken by a couple of the prisoners.”
The elf’s features brightened slightly. “Which way?”
“They left in the direction of the brothel.” The man nodded towards the West Quarter.
Without another word Fairris took off, her hands clenched at her sides and her face set with determination.
“Stop,” Lieut demanded. “You will answer my questions first.”
“I don’t have time for you,” Fairris snapped over her shoulder. “Leave me alone.”
Lieut growled in frustration, but he let the elf go, she had said enough for him to come to a reasonable conclusion. He was the reason why Fairris and her friends had been imprisoned, which meant the Regional Command had indeed betrayed him and was now tying off loose ends.
“Why save her, only to interrogate her before letting her go?” asked the dark-haired man as they watched the elf stride determinedly away.
“The only reason I did save her was to ask why she had been imprisoned here,” Lieut replied simply. “Weren’t you taking me to Vythe?”
The man studied him for a moment before a smile shot across his face, “Of course.”
Lieut headed off alongside the dark-haired man as they made their way from the wide dusty area in front of the guardhouse.









Chapter Three

He was walking along a dusty area which was not very large, only a dozen or so small shacks sat around the place. Further towards the east it sloped steeply following the prison wall as it circled down into the valley and to the main township of the East Quarter. From this vantage point Lieut could see the small township surrounded by large mechanisms that straddled deep holes in the ground, designed for lowering and retrieving ore and miners.
The flat table land followed the wall to the eorth before it abruptly ended as tall cliffs towered high, stopping anyone from getting to the North Quarter from this location. The only way into the North was a few miles to the south along the undulating terrain of the slopes.
Lieut and the dark-haired man walked from the dusty area onto a path that twisted and turned, accommodating for the undulating hillside and carving a brown trail through the green grass. There were not many trees in the area, the rough slope and blowing wind did not allow for much growth so it was predominately covered in tough grass and large rocks. The trees that had managed to prosper were thin and hardy, with not much foliage to rest under during a midday heat.
As the path moved up from a dip Lieut came to the crest of a slope and the entire compound opened up before him. A few miles to the south the aptly named Southern River sparkled in the afternoon light from Inüer, and even from this distance a few sails could be seen catching the breeze as the small fishing vessels glided across the waters of the manmade lake.
To the west stood many buildings tightly packed together with small streets running chaotically in between the old buildings. Strangely, the whole of the West Quarter was comprised of buildings, and if it were not for the dividing wall that split up the quarters the western houses would likely have taken over the whole compound. But as soon as the houses of the West Quarter had reached the dividing walls they had stopped their advance. With no way of expanding outwards, the buildings had begun to grow upwards with poorly created rooms stacked on top of each other as they twisted and turned up into the sky.
Continuing on their way Lieut and the dark-haired man soon came to the northeast wall and followed it to the southwest. It was not a very large wall in any respect, not even two metres high, but it served well enough to mark the division of the quarters. Lieut regarded the grey stone wall curiously as he walked along, absently wondering how long it would have taken to build.
“These walls you see were commissioned by the prison authorities,” the dark-haired man remarked as if reading Lieut’s mind, “The prisoners were forced to build them by the Prison Commander, to try and dissuade convicts from fighting over boundaries. But of course it did not work.  It was only commissioned because the prisoners spent more time fighting over the boundaries than attending to their work, like mining and such. This place used to be an actual town at one stage. Pine Vale it was called, only turned into a prison because the Barron in Issia realised that all the thieves and rogues fled to this area when they had drawn too much attention from city guards. So, in their continuous need to control everything, the lords of the northern land of Gaianaus decided to turn an outlaw’s sanctuary into the grand Gaia Mountains Penitentiary.”
Lieut did not bother replying, he already knew about the prison and its history, and this man he was with just seemed to enjoy hearing the sound of his own voice.
“And there lies ‘The Convict’s Crucible’,” remarked the man as Lieut followed him down the slight decline towards an in-ground arena surrounded by small hills.
The area was only large enough for two combatants to have a comfortable amount of room to engage in combat, and the dirt and rocks in the arena were worn to dust from the countless number of battles that had already taken place.
“The Crucible marks the centre of the compound and is probably the only form of entertainment these convicts have,” the man continued.
“These ‘convicts’,” echoed Lieut curiously. “Are you not one of them?”
“Me?” the man asked in surprise. “I was merely passing through, and decided to linger a bit.”
“And how long have you lingered?” Lieut found himself asking.
“Ten years,” replied the darkhaired man seriously. “I have been in here since I was eighteen.”
A slight sense of curiosity sparked within Lieut, but stubbornly he quelled any further questions he had, telling himself that it did not matter and that only his mission mattered.
The dark-haired man continued to mutter about goings on in the prison, but Lieut was not listening. In fact, he was getting quite annoyed by it, but he repressed his annoyance and stretched the stiffness from his neck.
Before long they had moved into the West Quarter where broken cobblestone streets greeted them and tall houses made from all types of material closed about them. To Lieut’s surprise the streets were empty and the doors were shut.
“Is it usually this empty?” Lieut asked curiously.
“No,” the man replied, seeming worried. “I would say that Aurora has commanded that the streets be emptied so that our guard friend may reach her unmolested.”
“So she can have another whore working for her?” Lieut nodded understandingly.
“Aurora’s establishment is considered a sanctuary to most of the female inmates,” the dark-haired man replied.
Lieut scoffed at the thought of a brothel being a sanctuary. “It doesn’t matter,” he said. “Where is Vythe to be found?”
The dark-haired man smiled slyly. “Coincidently, at the brothel.”
Lieut stopped and looked at the man threateningly.
“I should confess, I know Vythe quite well.” The man smiled disarmingly.
Lieut let out an irritated sigh. “Lead on,” he said, deciding to stick with the man despite his frustration.
“Why yes of course m’Lord.” The dark-haired man mocked, and with another smile he headed up the slight incline towards the brothel.
As they reached the crest of the small hill Lieut saw a flash of blood red hair as Fairris pushed through the front doors of the brothel. Seconds later he heard a muffled cry and the sound of something falling to the floor.
“That was the elf,” the dark-haired man remarked. “She may have been attacked.”
Lieut shrugged uncaringly. “She should have been more wary.”
“Are you not going to aid her?” the dark-haired man asked in surprise. “After you went to all that trouble to keep her alive before?”
“She said enough to answer my question,” Lieut stated.
“So you do not care if she dies now?”
Lieut turned his perplexed gaze to the man. “If you love helping everyone you meet, then charge in to her rescue yourself.”
The man turned and continued walking towards the brothel. “I know Aurora, she will not harm a potential profit.”
Lieut followed, his frustration growing. “Then why suggest that I aid the elf if you know no harm will come to her?”
      “You went out of your way to save her before, why not now?” the dark-haired man said with a shrug.
“Now, she is of no more use to me,” Lieut replied seriously, which caused the dark-haired man to turn and regard him closely.
“I am surprised at your lack of caring for others,” the man baulked.
“You know nothing about me,” Lieut replied coldly, and he pushed past the dark-haired man and through the doors of the brothel.
On the other side of the door it opened up into a wide entrance with an arching staircase off to the right that led up to the second floor balcony, which was held up by red painted beams. Dim candles burned on the walls filling the air with a smoky haze and bringing a sweat smell of incense to Lieut’s nose. On the plush red carpet surrounded by three thugs the blood elf lay in a daze, but he gave it little thought and turned his attention to the peculiar woman standing in the doorway of a side room.
She was a yineth, a race of all females that are usually reclusive and live in the expansive grasslands east of Port Na’brath. Sometimes the odd Yineth would venture forth into the world, but generally they were a peace-loving race, close to nature and the earth. Clearly this was one different as she was in a high security prison.
Like all Yineth this one was tall with attractive curves and long delicate rabbit-like ears that slanted back from her beautiful face. Long blonde curls fell down around her elegant neck where a silk robe was draped across her shoulders, which was the only thing she wore. Her eyes sparkled with green and blue, and like all Yineth, her pupils were diamond in shape.
“Come to aid the Zirarien?” the yineth asked as she turned to regard Lieut.
“Hardly,” Lieut replied simply. “But you can tell me where I can find Vythe.”
Her laugh surprised him. “Why, he is standing right behind you.” 
Lieut spun towards the dark-haired man, anger burning in his golden eyes.
“What?” Vythe asked seriously. “You never asked who I was.”
“And you did not care to mention it?” Lieut growled, as he took a step towards the dark-haired man.
“Why should I?” Vythe was quick to reply. “I do not know who you are and you did not say why you wanted to meet with me. If you err on the side of caution you live longer.”
“Very well,” Lieut said through clenched teeth. “But now that I know who you are, you will answer my question.”
“You will have to wait,” Vythe replied calmly. “I have business with Aurora first.” He nodded towards the yineth.
Lieut grabbed Vythe by his fancy vest and shoved him backwards into one of the red pillars. Before Vythe could react Lieut had his dagger drawn and pressed against the annoying man’s throat.
“I did not come all this way and waste my time to have to wait until your own business is done,” Lieut snapped, his eyes burning angrily. “You have deceived me once already. I suggest you do not try my patience.”
“I conduct a business in information, if you want my services, you will have to wait your turn.” Vythe glared back, keeping his composure. “I suggest you release your hold on me, else lose what makes you a man.”
Lieut followed Vythe’s eyes down to see that Vythe had drawn a dagger of his own and positioned it on the inside of Lieut’s thigh, where he could easily sever Lieut’s femoral artery. Lieut narrowed his eyes at Vythe who returned the glare. A slight smirk came to Lieut’s face and he calmly took a step back and returned his dagger to his belt.
“Do not fret, my business with Aurora will be short,” Vythe said as he adjusted his vest and hid his dagger up his sleeve.
“Be done with it then,” Lieut replied as he continued to glare at Vythe.
Vythe shot him a sarcastic smile before moving past him to talk with Aurora. “My dear Aurora, you look well.”
The yineth smiled. “Don’t let me get in the way of your lover’s tiff,” she joked.
“Gorgeous women always come first.” Vythe smiled back, which made Aurora blush.
“You are incorrigible Master Vythe.” The yineth smiled. “What information do you have for me?”
“The very best of information I assure you.” Vythe laughed, “But one that will cost a fair amount I am afraid.”
“How am I to know if this information is worth it?”
“Have I ever misguided you?” Vythe looked hurt. “My dear, you wound me with your harsh words. Here I am, coming to you with this information when I could have easily gone to one of the other quarters.”
“I apologise.” Aurora smiled. “I am flattered that I am your first priority. Please, tell me Vythe, what is this information you possess?”
A wide grin came to Vythe’s face. “My dear Aurora, your desires for the North bears such plentiful fruits.”
The yineth looked at him slyly. “Name your price?”
“I want the elf,” Vythe replied seriously, nodding towards the unconscious Fairris.
“I am surprised by you Vythe.” Aurora looked genuinely shocked. “But if you want to be her first customer so be it.”
“You know what I mean, Aurora,” Vythe said tiredly. “I do not wish to bed her, but have her released from your, let us say, employment.”
“I am still surprised by you,” stated Aurora, “But very well, if that is your price, so be it.”
“Be it so then,” Vythe said chuckling, “Now the information for you. It is my great pleasure to inform you that the time to strike Zairole is now, while he is more concerned with what Argyle is doing.”
The information made Aurora smile widely, obviously this was good news.
“Borris,” Aurora called to one of the brutes that was still standing over the unconscious blood elf. “Send out the word, we attack tonight.”
With a nod the grubby man departed into the shadows of the room, followed closely by the other two men.
“My dear Vythe, you have outdone yourself this time.” Aurora beamed, “Will you join us in the assault?”
“You are kind, but no, my place is not on the battlefield.” Vythe lamented.
“But you will stay the night of course,” Aurora insisted, “A room and a few girls is the least I can do.”
“I do not want to impose-”
“I insist,” the yineth cut in. “No imposition, I assure you.”
“How can I refuse a beautiful woman?” Vythe smiled in defeat, “But do not worry about the girls.”
“Of course,” Aurora replied. “You never were one for the trivialities of a-”
“Where is she?” the now conscious blood elf suddenly demanded, cutting Aurora short. “Where is Beth?”
“The other guard?” Aurora asked in surprise. “I am sorry to say that she slit her own throat the moment she got her hands on a sharp object.”
The news turned Fairris’s face white and she collapsed back to the carpet in an onslaught of sobs.
“Captain Fairris,” Aurora said with a sigh to Vythe and she nodded towards the blood elf. “Once such a force amongst the guards, now she has nothing. It is terribly sad. Was she not the one to recapture you and your associate Legin on your past two escape attempts, Vythe?”
Vythe nodded slowly. “Indeed she was.”
“Have you finished your business yet, Vythe?” Lieut asked sarcastically, not bothering to hide his irritation.
Vythe turned a tired expression to Lieut. “Yes, and thank you for being so patient. If you will accompany me up to the room Aurora has given to me for the night, I will answer your questions.”
“I will send one of my girls to show you the way,” Aurora before departing to her private room.
A girl came quickly and indicated to them to follow her. “Is one of yous gonna carry the elf?” she asked curiously. “Can’t be havin’ her lying ‘bout the entrance like this, all unconscious and what have ya.”
“Would you mind Lieut?” Vythe said. “You are clearly stronger than I.”
“She was your payment for the information,” Lieut replied simply. “You carry her.”
With a sigh Vythe walked over to Fairris and picked her up easily before nodding to the whore to lead the way.
The girl smiled and led them up the wide staircase and to the left of the landing all the way down to the last room. She stopped briefly at the door to open it before heading on her way without another word.
Lieut followed Vythe over the threshold and glanced about the room. Vythe placed Fairris on one of the three beds before he opened the doors to the balcony to let in the last rays of Inüer as He disappeared below the western mountains.
Before Lieut could say anything another whore came in carrying a large serving tray of food and drink. The woman left without saying a word and Lieut poured himself a glass of water. Seeing the array of foods on the plate Vythe quickly walked over and helped himself to the small feast.
“Are you free to answer a simple question now?” Lieut asked irritably once he had swallowed a mouthful of water.
“If I must,” Vythe replied dryly. “What information are you after?”
“My sword was stolen from me,” Lieut explained. “I want to know who stole it.”
Vythe frowned at him. “This is a prison, but weapons are not uncommon, how am I to remember one sword from the next? Why would I take note of the theft of one from another?”
“Because my sword is unique,” Lieut replied. “Men would kill to possess it, and I will kill to take it back.”
“Is that so?” said Vythe curiously and he stroked his chin. “What does this sword look like?”
“A black blade with a silver edge, straight crosspiece and a lion’s head pommel,” Lieut replied. “Not one you would easily forget.”
“You are not wrong,” Vythe remarked thoughtfully. “I do not know about who stole it, but I believe Zairole was in possession of a large sword matching your description.”
“He is the Northern Quarter Faction Leader?” Lieut asked seriously.
Vythe nodded.
“You will have your payment as soon as I have my sword,” Lieut said, and he headed towards the door.
“There is no point going now,” Vythe called out, making Lieut stop before he reached the exit.
“What do you mean?”
“If you go now you will have to go through Zairole’s paid guards,” Vythe explained.
“That will not be a problem,” Lieut replied calmly.
“Save yourself the hassle,” Vythe said quickly before Lieut moved to leave again. “Wait until Aurora’s army head off and use the distraction to get to Zairole unhindered. I will be doing that myself, so I can show you the way.”
Lieut narrowed his eyes. “Why aid me?”
“It has nothing to do with you,” Vythe replied simply. “There will be a lot of coin available once Aurora successfully defeats Zairole.”
Lieut studied the man in front of him carefully, there was something about Vythe that he did not like and it was clear to him that Vythe knew more than he cared to say. But he also had no way of stopping Vythe from going with him to find Zairole.
A groan and a cough broke his train of thought and both he and Vythe looked to see Fairris wake and push herself up to a sitting position.
“Finally awake are we?” Vythe smiled when the elf noticed the two of them.
Fairris’s features darkened almost immediately. “Not you two again.”
“I think you should show a bit more appreciation towards the two who saved your life, twice,” Vythe responded.
“Appreciation?” Fairris replied angrily. “My friends are all dead.”
“And you are not.” Vythe stated.
“If only I were,” the elf replied bitterly.
“The whole world would mourn if one as beautiful as you should die,” Vythe remarked dramatically.
“Better that than ending up with the likes of you,” Fairris snapped back.
“So there is still a fire in there.” Vythe smiled and Fairris looked away.
“You two know each other?” Lieut asked hesitantly.
Fairris studied Lieut with her deep blue eyes but she did not reply.
“Yes, we are previously acquainted,” Vythe replied. “The previous two times my friend Legin and I escaped from the prison, Captain Fairris was the one to capture us.”
“Captain no longer.” Fairris lamented quietly.
“I think I like it better without the Captain.” Vythe replied, and he tossed a grape into the air before catching it between his teeth.
“Where is your friend Legin?” Fairris asked Vythe. “I suspect he has something to do with this as well.”
“He is around.” Vythe shrugged. “And I am sure he is aware of what is happening, at least I hope he is.”
As silence descended over the three of them, Lieut found himself becoming increasingly agitated. His eyes kept drifting over to Fairris and his mind began to imagine things, and he had to consciously force himself to look elsewhere.
In an attempt to distract himself Lieut headed for the door.
“If you are still intent on coming with me to the battle, move, or I will leave you behind,” Lieut called over his shoulder to Vythe.
“What battle?” Fairris asked.
“Aurora is attacking the North Quarter tonight,” Vythe remarked as he got to his feet.
“I will join you,” the elf announced with surprising determination.
Lieut clenched his jaw and let out an exasperated sigh, before pushing through the door and moving out onto the landing that overlooked the entrance to the brothel. Down below, the large room was packed with fighters from the West all clad in battle garb, which was not much considering the poverty within the prison walls. All the whores were down there as well, and standing confidently upon the steps leading up to the second level, was Aurora, wearing tight, hardened leather armour that showed as much skin as it protected.
A sly smile crept across the Faction Leader’s beautiful face when she noticed Lieut move down the steps beside her. Aurora’s face brightened even more when Vythe arrogantly waltzed down the stairs.
“Why Vythe, I am surprised to see you,” Aurora called out.
“You did not think I would miss an opportunity to loot Zairole’s treasures.” Vythe laughed back as he stopped beside the yineth.
“Of course not.” Aurora smiled. “I only fret that there is no room left in my entourage for you and your friends. And you cannot believe I have the resources to pay you as well.”
“No matter.” Vythe dismissed the thought. “I will take my payment out of Zairole’s cache, whilst I work separately from your group of ruffians. I see myself more as a privateer, the special operative that works separately but for the same ends.”
Aurora smirked. “Of course you do. No matter, but do be a dear and don’t empty Zairole’s vault before we get there.”
“I wouldn’t dream of it,” Vythe replied with a grin. “Shall we to business? It would be favourable if this were done whilst the night is young, so that I may have a decent rest before the morrow.”
Aurora smiled again and shook her head before turning her attention to the gathered crowd. “Let us begin, the pleasant orchards of the North will soon be our playground.”
A cheer rose up from the audience and the group pushed and shoved each other out of the doors, all eager to kill something.
Lieut waited for the group to disperse before leading his unwanted companions out the main door. The army bustled down the main street of the Western Quarter, and as they moved along many more people joined the fray, eager for some excitement in their otherwise tedious existence.



















Chapter Four

Outside the brothel Lieut turned to Vythe. “You had a path in mind?”
“Indeed.” Vythe nodded. “We can follow the prison wall to the North, and come in behind Zairole, taking him completely by surprise.”
Lieut did not reply and simply headed off towards the western entrance of the prison at a jog. Moving by the houses he came upon a wide semi-circle devoid of buildings in front of two large gates where the outside merchants came to the prison to trade with the inmates. Giving it little thought, he turned north along the line of the high prison wall. The Fog trapped within the crystalline surface of the prison fortifications let of a soft glow that illuminated the path ahead of him, making the trek easy.
It was not long before he jumped the wall that divided the West Quarter from the North and began the steep climb up the Northern Hill. The path was hard going as he vaulted over large rocks and scaled small cliffs, but he was not fazed by the difficulty as his endurance and strength was unmatched by any. The same could not be said for Vythe and Fairris, as soon as the incline started they began to labour and Lieut was moving further ahead of them. He looked back briefly once or twice but continued to push on regardless of the fact that the other two could not keep up with him.
Lieut skilfully scaled the last small cliff and pulled himself onto a small plateau where a lone mansion stood with many trees and vegetable gardens surrounding it. The building was a relic from the Pine Vale days, and although it seemed as though the current occupants tried to keep it in good condition, the house looked quite derelict.
Lieut gave the mansion little thought as his golden eyes scanned the area. From the winding road leading up from the South the ring of metal could be heard, and many men now gathered around the front of the mansion.
He thought about simply heading over and killing them all before moving into the house to find his sword, but fighting them would take time, and in that time someone could escape the battle with his sword, and he would not take that risk. Lieut sighed heavily for as it turned out he needed to wait for Vythe to hear more about the man’s plan of attack. With a growl of frustration he waited impatiently for his two unwanted companions to reach the top.
Lieut was reconsidering charging in alone once again when he heard the heavy breathing of Vythe and Fairris as they rolled over the lip of the cliff and onto the plateau.
“You waited for us,” Vythe said with amazement between his laboured breaths.
“Because I need you to tell me the best way into the mansion,” Lieut replied simply, and Vythe let out a small laugh.
“It will be easier to show rather than tell,” Vythe replied and he took a deep breath. “There will still be guards about the mansion, so it would be best to take a stealthy route.”
Lieut did not reply and fell into step behind him as the three of them moved through the small field towards the back of the house where Vythe stopped at the base of a large apple tree. With a wink to Fairris, Vythe started to climb up the tree and make his way out on a limb before jumping easily to the second story balcony.
Lieut followed quickly and he and Fairris joined Vythe on the verandah, where the man was kneeling in front of a door and picking at the lock. The door swung open in seconds and Vythe led them into a bedroom and over to the large fireplace.
“Last time I came through here it was in the middle of the cold month of Winter.” Vythe smiled, but both Lieut and Fairris looked at him blankly. 
With an exasperated shake of his head Vythe headed down the chimney.
The chute was narrow and the ash stung Lieut’s eyes and lungs, but the trip was quick and in seconds he moved out from a cold hearth and into the dining room of the house where a huge oak table sat. There were no guardsmen but he could hear their shouts coming from other areas of the house.
“Look at this mess,” Vythe remarked unhappily once Fairris had joined them, “My shirt is ruined. I do hope there is a change of wardrobe at the end of the night.”
Again, neither Lieut nor Fairris bothered replying, so Vythe sighed and moved through a door into the big kitchen.
Vythe gave this room little concern and headed through another door and down a flight of steps into a brightly lit cellar. Vythe did not pause and he walked over to a huge iron bound barrel which sat on its side up against the wall. The old oak barrel had a small brass tap at the bottom of its six-foot diameter and it seemed as if it held some sort of alcohol in its depths as it rested on two supports a few inches off the ground. Across the face of the barrel above the small brass tap it read: ‘Torpin & Co. Producers of the Finest Black Ale in All of the West March,’ and under the writing was an insignia of the company with a rather fancily designed ‘T’.
Vythe reached out and lightly pushed on the right side of the barrel’s face, and cleverly the whole thing swivelled on hidden hinges to reveal a secret passageway dug into the rock.
Motioning for them to follow, Vythe skipped down the passage where a flight of rough-cut stairs led down into Zairole’s hidden vault. The sound of voices drifted up from the cavern as Lieut headed down and into a small grotto with wooden beams holding up the ceiling. A few lanterns hung around revealing several men surrounding a few chests of coins, and they all jumped in surprise as the intruders entered.
“Vythe,” a short fat man in fine clothes exclaimed as he pushed past his bodyguards. “You bastard, you told me no one was planning on attacking me.”
“Not so, Zairole,” countered Vythe. “I said Argyle had no intentions to do so. Those are Aurora’s forces winning above.”
“Aurora.” the fat man blurted. “That whore of a bunny. We had an agreement.”
“One easily broken it would seem.” Laughed Vythe. “And there is no need to be rude, she is a yineth not a bunny. Such derogatory terms upset my sensibilities.”
“Damn it Vythe, I need your help,” Zairole replied desperately.
Vythe smirked. “There is no chance I am boarding a sinking vessel.”
Zairole’s face turned red. “Then damn you to the Abyss as well,” he shouted and turned to his bodyguards. “You three, kill them.”
“Finally,” muttered Fairris, and she moved to face the oncoming attack.
Lieut also moved to kill the bodyguards, but his eyes fell upon the giant of a man that had stayed beside Zairole. Rather, not the man, but the silver lion’s head pommel that could be seen over his shoulder.
Lieut never took his eyes off the man, even as the two bodyguards moved in he continued to glare at the thief. Without blinking he quickly stepped inside a bodyguard’s backhand swing with a sword. Grabbing the wrist of the bodyguard he snapped the man’s elbow and wrapped his arm around the man’s head bending the bodyguard backwards and breaking his neck.
As the man fell Lieut pulled free the short sword and stepped over the twitching body. Never taking his deadly stare off the large man, and with his new sword, Lieut moved towards the next bodyguard who came at him with a few sweeps of a small mace. Lieut easily dodged the clumsy swings before blocking one swing solidly and stepping forward to shove his sword through the man’s throat.
“That sword belongs to me,” Lieut said calmly and he pointed the bloodied sword towards the large man.
“Tarris, kill him,” Zairole squeaked to the large man.
But Tarris’s face was pale and he darted towards the side of the cavern where a secret passage opened up.
As soon as Tarris moved, Lieut sprinted forward, but he was too far away and the stone doorway slammed in his face. He slid to a stop and turned and sprinted back up the stairs into the cellar. Picking up speed he lunged up the short steps and through the kitchen where he knocked the side door off its hinges. His thoughts were only for his sword as he took off in the direction the secret tunnel should have followed, he would not let Tarris get away.
A smile appeared on his face when he noticed movement amongst some large rocks ahead of him; it was Tarris. The fool thought he had escaped. Acquired sword still in hand Lieut pulled out the dagger belted at his back and launched it at the head of Tarris. He would have killed the man right then if Tarris had not seen him out of the corner of his eye and stumbled on a rock in his distraction. Lieut’s dagger flew harmlessly over Tarris’s head and ricocheted off the wall of the prison.
With a frustrated growl Lieut jumped ahead, his short sword leading the way. Somehow Tarris managed to bring Lieut’s own sword down from his back and intercept the strike. Their swords locked and Tarris pushed forward trying to out muscle Lieut. But Lieut did not give the bigger man any ground and he held firm.
With a sudden shift of his feet and a twist of his hips, Lieut caused both swords to fly out wide and out of the grasps of both combatants. The swords untangled in the air and collided with the wall of the prison where Lieut’s sword with the lion’s head pommel embedded itself up to the crosspiece, whilst the other blade bounced off and landed in the dirt without leaving a scratch on the glass surface.
With the blades now gone Tarris looked confident and readied his fists. Lieut smiled as he quickly darted forward landing two heavy blows into Tarris’s stomach. But the bigger man grunted away the pain and swung a heavy fist toward Lieut’s head. Lieut stepped back easily from the slow strike and let it sail by before stepping to the side and slugging Tarris in the ribs and kidneys.
The huge man could take a hit, and again he grunted away the pain. Lieut lightly danced away from another wild swing by Tarris, a smile upon his face at the unexpected challenge. Lieut skipped back in to the fight and landed a solid kick to the inside of Tarris’s leg, which dropped the bigger man to his knee. His next kick came in just as fast, heading for Tarris’s head. But it did not connect very well as Tarris fell backwards with the kick and rolled to his feet.
Tarris came back with a smile on his face, but Lieut was hardly worried. Tarris attacked with several measured jabs all of which Lieut easily dodged, and when the big hook came, he spun under Tarris’s arm and launched himself off a nearby boulder. As he came down from the jump his fist connected heavily with the side of Tarris’s head, dropping him to one knee. As quick as lightning Lieut stepped on Tarris’s bent thigh and sprung upwards, his knee slamming Tarris under the chin and sending him sprawling and dazed on his back.
Hardly finished with Tarris, Lieut landed lightly and spun down low, whipping his leg around so that his heel catapulted into Tarris’s face and shattered his nose as the man tried to sit up.
Lieut finished his spin and jumped back to his feet, a victorious smirk on his face. Without another thought for Tarris he happily strode over to where his sword was embedded in the prison wall. As Lieut expected all around his sword the crystalline surface had turned a dull grey colour and the Fog was gone, his sword completely undamaged.
Lieut heard footsteps as he neared his sword, and he did not need to turn to know it was Vythe and Fairris, he quietly let out an irritated sigh.
“Impossible,” he heard Fairris gasp as they jogged up to him.
This time he did turn to look at them, and saw their bewildered expressions at the sight of his sword impaled in the wall.
“No weapon has ever, can ever, damage this wall,” Fairris said with a stunned expression. “How is this possible?”
Lieut did not reply.
“Can you get it out?” Vythe asked, his expression the same as the one Fairris wore.
Again Lieut did not reply, he simply reached up to the hilt of his sword and with a twist and a tug the wall shattered like glass and he pulled his blade free. Where his sword had been was now a gaping hole in the wall, as wide as it was deep. But as quickly as the shards of the wall dissipated, the edges of the hole began to mend, creeping back over the area like a pond icing over in the cold. In seconds the hole was gone and the wall returned as if nothing had ever damaged its smooth surface.
“Perfect.” Vythe breathed, and a smile crept across his face.
Lieut sighed again and began to return his sword to the specialised clips at his shoulder, but movement from Tarris stopped his hand. Casually Lieut walked over to the dazed man and waited for Tarris to regain his senses. As Tarris opened his eyes Lieut lowered his sword towards the man’s head, causing Tarris’s eyes to widen all the more and the man scrambled backwards away from the sword tip. A large rock stopped Tarris from going any further and Lieut’s sword tip rested just below his chin.
“Did you steal this sword from me?” Lieut demanded, his arm holding the large blade steady.
“What? No,” Tarris stammered, his voice deep and rough.
“How did you get it then?”
“Zairole, the Faction Leader, he gave it to me as payment,” the large man replied quickly.
“And you did not wonder how he came by such a unique weapon?” Lieut pressed.
“Listen, mate, I’m just a sword for hire tryin’ to make a livin’ in this hell hole,” explained Tarris desperately. “I don’t ask questions, I do what I’m paid to do, an’ that’s it.”
Lieut was about to run the man through, but he paused, confusion suddenly clouded his thoughts. Was this man so different from him? The parallels were unsettlingly similar, so much so that he found himself slowly retracting his sword. Tarris did not miss the opportunity and he quickly scrambled to his feet and hobbled off into the night.
“You were a fool to let him live, one day he might seek vengeance,” Vythe remarked as Lieut returned his sword to its rightful place at his shoulder.
Lieut’s thoughts were still clouded when suddenly the wound on the side of his head began to throb and pain shot through his body, forcing him to his hands and knees. He growled away the agony as best he could but it was no use. Blood began to flow from his gash and run down his cheek to drip onto the dirt between his hands. The intense pain was blinding him but he saw clearly the colourful cloud of Fog begin to swirl before his eyes.
“Not. Possible,” Lieut growled, his fingers digging into the ground.
None of this made sense to him. The pain increased and he gnashed his teeth and shut his eyes in an attempt to push it away, but it did not work.
Gradually the acute ache began to subside, his breathing became normal and he found the strength to stand. Groggily he wiped away the blood from his cheek with the light gold sash that he had wound around his belt. Shaking the clouds from his mind he turned towards Fairris and Vythe who were both looking at him with an expression mixed between horror and intrigue.
“I need to get to Port Na’brath,” Lieut mumbled, as he pushed past the still stunned pair and headed back towards the house, his mind swirling.
“Wait,” Vythe called after him. “You are breaking out, are you not?”
“Our time together is finished,” Lieut replied simply.
“You are not the only one that wants to get out of here,” Fairris retorted as she too caught up to him.
“I am sure everyone in here wants to be out,” replied Lieut, “but I will be going alone.”
“You still owe me for the information I gave to you about the sword,” Vythe said sternly.
“I owe you nothing,” Lieut replied angrily.
“Have you no honour?” Vythe countered angrily. “We had a deal.”
“Do not speak to me about honour.” Lieut whirled to face the man. “The only reason you claim I have none is because I have a means of escape and you want to be rid of this place. The only deal between us was that when you gave me the information about my sword, whatever payment you wanted could be taken from Zairole’s stash. I owe you nothing, Vythe, and neither do I owe Fairris anything.”
“You saved my life,” the elf spoke up. “The least I can do is help you escape.”
“You assume I need help.” Lieut scoffed as he continued at his swift pace.
“What about getting to The Port?” Vythe called out, making Lieut stop and turn back around. “You wish to get to Port Na’brath, correct?”
“Maybe,” Lieut replied, his eyes unblinking.
Vythe smiled widely. “Once out I can open a teleportation gate that will get you there in seconds. I can save you a lot of time and money.”
Lieut stared at the man in silence, his jaw clenching. “Fine,” he decided.
“And the lovely Miss Fairris here will join us.” Vythe crossed his arms in front of his richly designed vest.
Lieut narrowed his eyes at the man, but eventually he nodded his head in agreement.
“Thank you,” Fairris said quietly to Vythe, and the two of them moved to join Lieut.
“I also have another friend, Legin-” Vythe began.
“No,” Lieut cut in angrily. “I have agreed to the elf. There will be no more if you wish to see the outside of these walls. You need me, I do not need you. Remember that.”
“I cannot leave him behind,” Vythe replied desperately.
“You will, if you want to be out of here,” Lieut said simply, his eyes cold.
“Alright,” Vythe agreed hesitantly. “What is your plan of escape?”
Lieut stared hard at the man for a few seconds. “The walls are too thick to cut through, but the door to the guard’s barracks is not.”
“That’s suicide,” Fairris remarked with disbelief.
“The guards will pose little trouble,” Lieut replied calmly. “And with luck I will come across the Regional Commander.”
“I guess we will have to go that way then,” Fairris replied, her expression suddenly hard.
Lieut regarded the elf curiously, but he quickly dismissed his thoughts.
“If you go through the barracks the whole region of Gaianaus will be after you very quickly,” Vythe said seriously. “Which would make your time in The Port ten times harder.”
“You seem to have all the answers,” Lieut remarked dryly. “What do you propose?”
“The Water Gate in the South Quarter,” Vythe stated with a smile. “It is thin, and I know that the magicks in it require it to be so. We create a distraction and then slip away with the currents unnoticed.”
“What form of distraction did you have in mind?” asked Fairris curiously.
“What is the point of a distraction?” Lieut cut in. “Why not just go down to the river at night?”
“My friend, this prison is run how the guards see fit,” Vythe explained. “Nothing happens without their knowledge or approval, and as such many of the inmates spy for the guards. They also run this place like a business. The inmates mine, craft, and farm produce which is then sold to outside merchants with a big cut of the proceeds going to the guards. They have a great investment in this place and strictly control all within. Almost nothing you do will go unnoticed, even if there is unrest happening. But at least it will be longer before they realise you have escaped.”
“Word of a trio jumping into the South River would quickly find the ears of the guard.” Fairris nodded in agreement. “It is something they would want to know, for they would have to fish out the drowned bodies of the prisoners stopped by the Water Gate.”
“And if there were no drowned prisoners found …” Vythe let the thought hang in the air.
“What kind of distraction were you thinking?” Lieut asked irritably.
“A riot.” Vythe’s eyes lit up. “And I know just the person to start one.”
“Let us be quick about it then,” Lieut said, decidedly.
Vythe smiled sincerely. “Finally we agree on something.”
Lieut shook his head in frustration but he followed Vythe and Fairris back towards the mansion where the victory celebrations had already begun. The triumphant Western Quarter combatants had found Zairole’s hidden cache of wines and were merrily dancing and singing around bon fires that had sprung up over the plateau the mansion was built on.
Lieut followed Vythe through the merry groups and past several prisoners throwing away the earned coin for some time with the whores. What made it worse was that they had not even bothered to find some privacy.
Trying to ignore the entangled forms, Lieut followed Fairris through a side door and into the main hall of the mansion. The room was crowded with prisoners lining up to be paid for their services and aid in capturing the Northern Quarter. Lieut gave it little thought though and continued to follow Fairris as she trailed after Vythe into the dining room where the large oak table stood.
On top of the table sat half a dozen plates of food and several pitchers of drink, and at the head of the table Aurora sat happily with a chalice of wine in one hand. The yineth had now changed from her battle leathers into a no less revealing gown of steel grey satin that reflected the green of her unusual eyes.
“I was hoping you would join me Vythe,” Aurora remarked happily when she noticed them enter.
Reluctantly Lieut sat down at the table and poured himself a mug of water.
“How could I pass up such a lovely feast?” Vythe smiled at Aurora as he sat at the other end of the table. “Or such lovely company?”
“It is the least I could do for you in aiding my victory here in the North,” Aurora replied.
“What is the most you could do?” asked Vythe coyly, making the smile on Aurora’s face widen.
“Vythe,” Lieut cut in angrily.
Vythe shot him an annoyed look. “I would be remiss if I did not mix business with pleasure.”
“Keep to the business, or forget our agreement,” Lieut was quick to reply.
Vythe let out a deep breath. “Aurora, my dear, since my associate is so insistent perhaps I can ask a favour of you?”
The yineth’s eyes darted curiously between Lieut and Vythe, but she nodded for Vythe to continue.
“Would you be so kind as to start a riot for us?” Vythe asked sweetly.
Aurora looked at him curiously, “Tis’ an odd request. May I ask why?”
“No.” Lieut jumped in before Vythe could say anything.
Vythe glared at him. “Best that you do not know, Aurora.” Vythe smiled weakly.
“Another escape attempt?” Aurora inquired sweetly.
“Best that you do not know,” Vythe said again.
“I suppose you will have more luck this time now that Captain Fairris is one of us,” Aurora remarked offhandedly, causing Fairris to look up from her empty plate like she had just realised there was a conversation going on.
“Can you do it or not?” Lieut asked seriously.
“I can.” Aurora nodded to him before turning to Vythe. “Perhaps we could go somewhere more private to discuss the details, Vythe?”
“I would love nothing more,” Vythe replied sincerely. “Perhaps we will find someone who appreciates the enjoyment of an intellectual conversation.”
“I am certain we shall.” Aurora rose from her chair and she and Vythe left the room and headed for the stairs.
“You should see the size of Zairole’s bath tub,” Lieut heard Aurora remark.
To which Vythe replied with a laugh, “Lead the way.”
Lieut let out another sigh and stretched the stiffness out of his neck. This was going to take longer than he had hoped, but at least when they get out Vythe will open a teleportation gate and he will be in Port Na’brath in seconds. Then he might find some clarity in the confusion he had been feeling ever since the crash.
Lieut had another big mug of water before he rose and left the dining room. Fairris had left shortly after Vythe and Aurora, and he was thankful for that, because with the blood elf around his confusion became greater.
As Lieut moved slowly out onto the verandah that ran around the whole house, Inüer just crested the eastern horizon casting golden light over the region. The merriment of Westerners had halted and their celebrations stopped due to most of them passing out from excessive consumption of alcohol and who were asleep on the ground around the ashes of the fires.
Lieut moved through the unconscious and half naked crowd and headed to the edge of the hill that overlooked the dusty road that wound down the hill and through the many different tiers before moving out into the rest of the prison.
The aptly named Northern Hill was covered in blossoming fruit trees and large vegetable patches. The air was alive with the sound of birds greeting the morning light and the buzz of bees searching for pollen. But none of the beauty interested him as he looked out over the prison, for his golden eyes were fixed on the area where the South River washed under the prison wall. That was his goal and nothing else concerned him at that moment.
Annoyingly the shimmer of blood red hair caught his attention.
Lieut turned his gaze from the South to see Fairris who sat further along the cliff top similarly staring out into the morning as she hugged her legs close to her body as if to ward off a chill wind. Lieut tried to look away and forget about her, but he found that he could not, and again the strange feeling stirred within him, making him clench his jaw in confusion and irritation.
A rumble of distant thunder grabbed his thoughts and he turned to see dark clouds looming over the great peak of Gaiagus, the largest of the mountains that made up the Gaia Mountains. Lightning flashed and the wind picked up. Although the storm was still a ways off Lieut knew it would come fast and hard when it did hit. He looked away from the squall and turned his thoughts back to his objective.
“Escape is the only thing that matters at this moment,” Lieut said softly to himself in determination.

Chapter Five

Cold steel and bright monitors filled the dark room, each with flashing lights and dials, each designed for a specific purpose, and at each of them someone sat, staring at the dials and lights. In a room full of sounds of machinery and technology it was hard to believe the level of silence. Not a word could be heard from the silhouettes watching the screens so intently, their focus was fixed, which they had learnt to not let slip from their tasks. Discipline had been drilled into them since they first set foot into the world, the weak fell and the strong continued on.
Only the best survived in this world, and here they were, in a small room staring at monitors, such a menial task for warriors of great skill. After years of brutal training they had reached great heights of physical and mental ability, and yet here they were sitting in front of a data screen, their faces showing just the slightest hints of excitement as they completed the procedures.
“All systems check,” the Commander called out.
“Core at one hundred per cent,” one of the clerks called back.
“Full synchronisation, check,” said another.
“Number Two is ready to go.”
“Engine ignition,” one of them called to the Commander. “Clear disengagement.”
A few minutes of silence ensued as all the clerks and the Commander studied their monitors in anticipation.
“Entry a success,” one of them called, breaking the silence.
“Successful landing,” another called from the side
“All systems at full capacity.”
“End simulation,” the Commander called out causing the clerks to relax with victorious smiles upon their faces. “Good work everyone, when the second launch comes, we will be ready.”
She sighed as she turned back to the monitor, with the trial launch over it was back to the boredom of monitoring the systems. How she wished for some excitement to break the monotonous regularity of her existence. If only she could be part of the launching party, she thought with another sigh, looking around she could see that the others felt the same.
“What is the latest news?” asked one of the clerks beside her.
“Same as before,” she whispered back. “A vague confirmation from Number One that the High Commission has indeed betrayed us.”
“But we were to deceive them,” her colleague remarked quietly.
She nodded. “That is still the plan as far as I know.”
“Is Number One still showing abnormalities?” asked another clerk who had been listening.
“Yes,” she replied. “But it fluctuates, sometimes they are there and other times not at all. It is still functioning as required, but for how long, who can say.”
“I wonder what caused the anomalies?” the first clerk pondered.
“That is enough chatter,” called the Commander before she could reply. “You will all have time to gossip after the working day has finished.”
“Yes sir,” the three of them muttered.
She went back to work, but her colleague’s question continued to play on her mind. She had worked closely with the creation of the Vessels, but still she had no idea what could cause such variations in internal scans of Number One.
*************************************************
A roar of thunder brought Lieut from his thoughts and he could see that the storm was very close now. It was flying down from Gaiagus at an incredible speed as its dark hands stretched across the pale morning sky, blocking out the light from Inüer.
Lieut had always enjoyed storms; the sheer power he felt from the thunder and the speed of the lightning was inspiring. Many times he had stood atop a mountain as a storm surged around him revelling in the awesomeness of such tempests. He would stand like a statue as the rain and wind pelted him and lightning cracked into the stones beside him. Being able to feel the power of the storm whirl around him made him feel alive and seemed to give him strength.
Feeling the first spots of rain on his head Lieut turned back towards the mansion; now was not the time to bathe in the raw power of the storm. Lieut glanced towards Fairris, who was still in the same position from when he had last looked. He hesitated briefly before walking back to the shelter of the house. Lieut walked under the cover of the verandah just as the rain started to pour down, bringing small hailstones with it. More lightning flashed and the thunder boomed as he pushed his way into the mansion.
Barely seconds after he found a seat in the main hall Fairris burst through the doors, completely drenched from head to toe. Lieut forced himself to look away from the droplets of water trickling down her face and beading on her skin where her uniform was torn. A welcome distraction came as Vythe arrogantly swaggered down the stairs and sat down in what was Zairole’s throne, tossing one leg over the arm as he leaned back against the cushions.
“The riot will begin in a matter of hours,” Vythe said triumphantly. “I have to say it is true what they say about the Yineth. They do indeed have a female’s anatomy.”
Surprisingly, Fairris let out small laugh, but Lieut just shook his head.
“We should leave then,” Lieut said as he got to his feet. “It will take a while to get to the South Quarter, especially with the two of you.”
“I am so sorry to be a burden to you Lieut,” Vythe replied sarcastically, but he stood up and moved to join him anyway.
Lieut ignored the jape and headed for the door, thankful to be on his way. Outside, the storm had increased in ferocity, and the sleeping prisoners were being roused by Aurora’s associates in preparation for the riot. Lieut strode hastily out into the rain and powered along the road that headed down the mountain. Between the flashes of lightning it was nearly as dark as the night and the haze of the rain obscured his vision. For anyone who had not seen the brief dawn they would likely swear it was still night. But the dim light did not deter Lieut, he knew where he was going and the brief flashes of light aided him in seeing his objective in the distance.
The thunder cracked overhead and the dusty path down from the Northern Hill turned to mud with dozens of rivulets pouring down and making streams through the muck. Vythe and Fairris were close behind him, both of them nearly at a jog to keep up with his swift pace. But Lieut did not care for them, the sooner he was out of the prison the better, and if they could not keep up then he would leave them behind despite Vythe’s promise of aid once they were out.
As he passed The Convict’s Crucible, Lieut saw dozens of torches stream out from the East Quarter and take the path to the West. Glancing over his shoulder he could just make out the torches of prisoners already at the gates to the guard’s barracks.
“Aurora kept her word,” Lieut remarked, virtually yelling to be heard over the noise of the storm.
“O’ye of little faith,” Vythe shouted back with a smile. “I said I would persuade her to cause a riot, did I not?”
Lieut did not reply and he continued into the South Quarter. Even here many prisoners had heard of the riot and were racing off to join the fray, which left the Quarter practically empty. And with such a stormy day, none of the prisoners were foolish enough to risk heading out onto the Southern Lake to fish, as was typical in the Southern Quarter.
A sudden flash of lightning angled down and struck one of the prison towers, causing veins of electrical energy to cascade throughout the glassy structure of the prison walls without doing any damage.
As they came to the boardwalk and docks that framed the Southern Lake Lieut realised that the exit might be more difficult than he first imagined. In such a short time, the ferocious storm had turned the pleasant Southern River into a turbulent maelstrom filled with debris.
“Is this the only way?” Fairris asked as she looked hesitantly at Vythe who was looking behind them and seemingly distracted.
“Stay behind then,” Lieut replied seriously, grabbing Vythe’s attention.
With nothing more to be said Lieut walked to the end of the jetty and jumped into the raging waters. The torrent pulled him out into the middle of the lake and towards the mouth of the river. Lieut drew forth his sword just as the rapids took him and sucked him under the surface. Bouncing off a rock Lieut was thrown about and he was pulled under the surface and into a spiral. Being dragged along the bottom of the river he bounced off several more rocks, which threatened to dislodge his hold on his sword. Somehow he managed to keep a hold of the weapon and he pushed off another rock to bring his head above the surface to suck in a deep breath. He did not have much time to breathe though, for the wall of the prison rose up to meet him and the river once again sucked him down and under the wall. With a twist Lieut straightened himself up and angled his sword towards the magickal wall that was coming up fast to meet him.
Lieut thundered into the barrier, the impact nearly blasting the air from his lungs, and his sword buried itself up to the hilt. Almost immediately he could see the Fog start to disappear from within the crystal wall. Vythe and Fairris suddenly thundered into the barrier alongside him, causing cracks to appear throughout the clouded surface. Agonisingly long seconds passed by and Lieut was struggling to hold his breath against the crushing force of the river that flowed unhindered through the magickal barrier. Mercifully the wall suddenly shattered, releasing him back into the flow of the water and out from under the prison wall. Lieut desperately pushed off a rock and forced his head above the water to suck in the much needed air.
But the relentless river did not give him much respite as it dragged him back under the waves. Again Lieut pushed himself off a rock back to the surface, holding his sword close to his chest the whole time. Hours seemed to pass and he and the river battled, each time it dragged him under Lieut found a way to push back to the surface to desperately gasp at the air.
Finally the river eased and the turbulence lessened, allowing Lieut to lie on his back and recover his breath. As he lay there, letting the river take him swiftly along, he felt a lot more battered than he would have thought, he also noted two other bodies drifting along the river near him.
The river had one more trick to play and Lieut’s ears picked up the sound of a roaring waterfall. He looked up just in time to see the river drop away before him, sending him falling dozens of feet into a deep pool. Lieut sucked in a deep breath and hugged his sword close just before smacking into the pool’s surface. The impact rang in his ears, temporarily disorientating him, but he quickly gathered his bearings and began to kick hard towards the surface.
It was slow going with his clothes and sword dragging him down, but he made it to the surface and breathed deep.
Sluggishly he headed for the bank where he saw both Vythe and Fairris climbing up from the water. Lieut pulled himself up the bank several metres away from them and tried to walk on away from the water, but he stumbled and collapsed amongst some ferns. Something was not right, his body was not healing itself as quickly as it should. Lieut’s mind struggled to find reason in it, but that too failed him and he fell unconscious.







Assimilation. Why is such an innocent word used with such caution in this Age? For it is only through assimilation that Elves, Dwarves and Halflings might ever be considered as part of society. It has only been through assimilation that the race of Men has prospered so greatly. Back before the First Age it was said that many different races of Men lived across Essinendeür and it has been through assimilation that we now rule the entire known world. This is a fact. It is sad that as soon as people say that the so-called Elder Races of Elves, Dwarves, Halflings, and the like should assimilate into our culture it is called racism. But this is not so, assimilation is a form of friendship or companionship, one race forming a bond with the more dominant culture and taking on the dominant way of life as their own. Ultimately, for the Elder Races to at last be considered equal, they must first assimilate into the more dominant society of Men and move away from their old cultures and traditions.
The World of Men by Magi Arthonal Grund







Chapter Six

Year 3630, the Fifth Age, the eighty-ninth day of Spring

Lieut woke to the sound of voices and the roar of the waterfall with the light of Inüer filtering through the green ferns that surrounded him and glared in his eyes. Slowly Lieut stretched himself out, forcing away the stiffness in his muscles.
With a slight grimace Lieut got to his feet and swung his sword into its clips and stretched the stiffness out of his neck. Down by the pool Vythe and Fairris turned to regard him with surprised looks upon their faces.
“Fairris and I were certain you had already left,” Vythe remarked with a sigh as he looked back across the water, seemingly distracted.
“You look uninjured,” Fairris said to him, but she too did not give him much consideration.
“Vythe, your teleportation spell,” Lieut demanded, ignoring their remarks.
Vythe looked away. “It will take some time to align the gates correctly.”
“No it won’t,” Lieut was quick to reply. “You said yourself, you are skilled with magicks, and Port Na’brath is an easy place to locate.”
Vythe continued to stare into the water and pay him little heed. “You seem to know quite a bit about magicks, Lieut. Teleport yourself.”
“I do not use your magicks,” Lieut replied quickly. “And it was our agreement that you teleport me once out of the prison.”
“If I recall, you reneged on our agreement once before.” Vythe turned to him. “It would seem only fair that I return the favour.”
Lieut’s eyes flared angrily and his hands balled into fists, but he controlled himself as he noticed Vythe’s despondent expression.
“You have lost your connection to the Fog,” Lieut stated with a scowl on his face. “Those ten years you have spent in the Gaia Prison has severed your connection to its magicks. Without it you are worse than useless.”
Vythe turned away and let out a deep sigh.
“What of you Fairris?” Lieut asked. “Do you know the spell of teleportation?”
“No.” Fairris shook her head, her attention on Vythe.
“De’im,” Lieut mumbled angrily as he left the two by the pool and headed downstream without saying a word to Vythe or Fairris.
All was not lost, however, and Lieut knew that the town of Galleraze was just over a day’s walk from his location. If he followed the stream he would soon come across the town, and hopefully a Magi.
Lieut followed the creek as it ran northeast along a deep vale with high cliffs on either side. The valley was littered with large leafy trees and little to no undergrowth. A thick grass carpet swayed in the breeze in the clearing and wildflowers turned their bright colourful faces towards the light of Inüer in the eastern sky. It was a warm day and although the heat was not as oppressive under the shade of the tree, the bugs and insects were out in full force this morning, which made Lieut’s walk through the valley very unpleasant. His mood darkened as the day grew warmer, and despite the pleasant songs of the birds and the bubble of the creek he was not enjoying himself. He constantly swatted at the bugs and flies that landed on his arms and bit at his flesh. It was bad enough that he had lost time after falling unconscious, but the bugs were making things much more annoying.
Lieut eventually stopped by the creek under the canopy of a bushy tree for some respite, but rest did not come. The bugs swarmed about his head and bit at his bare arms, and even in the shade the heat had become suffocating despite it being early Spring when the cold of Winter still clutched at the northern realm of Gaianaus.
Ruthlessly, the insects pursued him, forcing him to move faster to try and escape them but it was to no avail. That afternoon the irritating vale merged into a larger valley and the creek flowed into a wide river. Thankfully the bugs left him then and Inüer began to disappear behind the mountains to the west.
Darkness crept across the land and the shadows deepened as Lieut considered stopping for the night. He was going to push on determinedly despite his fatigue, but the welcoming look of a lone willow tree on the bank of the river slowed his walk.
Curiously the tree line had receded from the stony bank around the willow leaving a field of long grass where it stood by itself. Lieut walked slowly up to the tree as it reached out from the bank into the river, its gnarled roots imbedded firmly into the soil and rocks. As he approached, dozens of fireflies burst out from the boughs, each of the bugs a different, vivid colour. The insects gently flew around him, pleasantly getting caught in his hair and landing on his shoulders before drifting off towards the forest.
He smiled slightly as he removed his sword from his shoulder and sat down between the roots of the old tree. The stars had come out and the twin moons drifted in the sky, the larger seeming to cradle the smaller one.
The stars were different here, Lieut noticed as he gazed upwards, and somehow there seemed to be more of them than he remembered.
Lieut sighed as he thought of his home, where everything was so simple, where he could just focus on each mission as it was given to him and his brothers. But, ever since he had arrived in this wretched place his mind would not focus on his objective and his objective only, as it usually would.
“What are these doubts I keep having?” Lieut mumbled to himself.
He had thought that getting away from Fairris and Vythe might help him think straight, but it had not helped at all.
Closing his eyes Lieut banged the back of his head hard against the trunk of the tree, which caused one lazy firefly to buzz down from the branches. Realising all its companions had already left, the golden glowing bug raced off towards the trees.
Lieut rubbed his hands across his face as he thought of his brothers, one of which would be arriving in Essinendeür soon, in pursuit of his own mission.
Would his brother also have confusing thoughts once he arrived?
He hoped his brother would not, and in fact he hoped his brother could help him make sense of his confusion, which is why he needed to get to Port Na’brath.
“What is wrong with me? I don’t understand,” he said quietly and banged his head on the willow tree again.
The sound of heavy footsteps and muffled grunts grabbed his attention and his golden eyes popped open. Lieut quickly rolled to a crouching position and scanned the area for the individuals making the ruckus. Through the darkness Lieut spotted three small forms moving from the tree line to the north. They were grinlocks, short creatures with thin gangly arms and masses of hair on their heads. They wore simple clothes of hide and bone and their thick hair and beards were plaited and adorned with bone carvings. Grinlocks were considered as common beasts or monsters by the majority of the people in Essinendeür, and they perpetuated this by being aggressive and vicious, attacking merchants, wanderers and outposts indiscriminately. But they were also intelligent, which made them much more dangerous than your average beast.
Lieut smiled, finally something he did understand.
Confidently standing up Lieut calmly walked out into the field, his sword in hand. He was only several paces away by the time one of the grinlocks spotted him. The creature let out a shout and launched its spear towards him. The missile flew harmlessly by Lieut’s left ear, and he slowly raised his sword to meet the next attack.
The next grinlock charged him, its large battle-axe leading the way. Lieut turned his hips at the last second and let the blade fly by then responded with a slash across the creature’s belly, spilling its intestines. The grinlock dropped to its knees and Lieut spun around its back, taking the thing’s head with him.
The next grinlock darted towards him swinging a small mace into Lieut’s chest. Quickly lifting his sword up to stop the backhand blow Lieut pushed ahead, slamming the crosspiece of his sword into the creature’s eye. The grinlock screamed out and tried to swing its mace again, but the howls stopped when Lieut plunged his sword through the creature’s chest.
Lieut turned to the last grinlock, the one who had thrown the spear, as it stood as still as a statue, its face stamped with fear and disbelief. Calmly Lieut walked towards the creature, his sword still dripping with blood. The grinlock’s dark eyes widened and it shuffled backwards, its large bare feet snagging a rock and causing it to fall on its back. Lieut jumped at the opportunity and lunged at the grinlock, the tip of his sword leading the way.
“Don’ts ded mi,” the grinlock blurted out in a ruff voice. “I’s beg yous.”
Lieut stopped mid-strike, the tip of his sword millimetres away from the grinlock’s bearded neck.
“I’s beg yous. I’s not want be ded,” the grinlock whimpered.
Lieut paused and looked at the creature in confusion, and with disbelief he saw his own hand move his sword away from the grinlock’s throat.
The grinlock also looked at him curiously but slowly got to his feet. “I’s tank yous,” the grinlock said hesitantly, and it turned to leave.
As the grinlock turned away Lieut shook his head vigorously and clenched his jaw in frustration.
“One question,” Lieut said, causing the grinlock to turn back around.
“You kill?” Lieut asked as he moved towards the fiend.
“Yis,” said the grinlock, a confused look on his face.
“Then you should be prepared to die,” Lieut said coldly and he drove his sword through the grinlock’s chest.
Lieut watched impassively as the creature slumped to its knees, its mouth opened wide in a silent scream, the light leaving its eyes. Lieut pulled his sword free, turned away and walked back to the willow tree.
He had done the right thing, Lieut told himself, he was an elite warrior who killed anyone who opposed him. But for some reason he was disappointed with his last kill. With frustrating and confusing thoughts running through his head he sat back between the roots and stared up at the stars and moons and waited restfully until morning.
The eastern glow that promised a glorious morning did not bring with it clarity for Lieut and his conflicted thoughts. Pushing away his troubles as best he could he left the willow tree and continued to follow the flow of the river as it headed towards Galleraze. The clearing by the willow tree seemed to be something of a rarity in the area, for before long tangled trees crowded around him and did not seem to end anytime soon.
Like woody veins, the thin tree trunks twisted up though the rocky ground, interweaving with other trees and forming a tangled mess of a canopy with small dark leaves. The ground had mostly loose stones with hardy reeds at the base of the trees and few boulders stood among the growth towering over him and covered in pale green moss and fungi.
Lieut moved quickly and skilfully through the tangled mess of branches and boulders, always keeping the river to his left. It was midmorning by the time the trees released him from their maze and Lieut found himself standing atop a rocky precipice where the wide river flowed over the lip of the cliff into an enormous lake. From this view point he could see a dozen more waterfalls gushing down from the mountains and into a long loch. In the distance, at the far end of the lake, he spied Galleraze sitting upon wooden beams and walkways in the middle of the water.
Lieut looked down from the cliff beside the waterfall, but there was no easy way down and he would have to go miles out of his way to find a road. Without much consideration Lieut jumped from the top of the waterfall.
It was a fifty foot drop to the water below but his flight lasted only seconds before the water crashed around him and the thunder of the waterfall was snuffed out. His wet clothes dragged him down and he felt a rock clip his shoulder. Kicking back to the surface Lieut swam to the shore, shook the water from his silver hair and with smile he looked back to the top of the cliff. He shook his head again to rid his hair of water before setting off towards the town of Galleraze.
The banks of the lake where he walked were covered in thick grass and stony shores and large trees and vibrant bushes shaded a narrow path that wound around the water. Occasionally a small stone bridge would arch over the pools below the waterfalls, but they were few and far between. Sometimes a small fishing hut would be standing on the side of the path among the thick foliage, but they were sparser than the bridges.
It took the rest of the morning for Lieut to reach the city, having to cross below several more waterfalls in the process, but by midday he was walking amongst the hustle and bustle of the city centre. Galleraze was positioned on the precipice of a thousand foot waterfall known as Aregion Falls, which fell into the great Arbeth River. The river travelled thousands of miles before emptying into the Golden Sea on the eastern seaboard of Essinendeür.
Despite Galleraze being situated at the top of a gigantic waterfall, it was by no means small. A population of over five thousand called the lake town home and it was made up of a mixture of Men and Elves, with only a few Dwarves. With the help of Fog magicks, their life seemed quite comfortable.
Like every other town the class segregation was outstandingly obvious. The rich were carried around the market by servants in luxurious looking palanquins whilst the merchant class walked and the homeless crawled. Predominantly, the rich consisted of mostly Men, the merchants a mixture of races and the poor mostly Elves and Dwarves. On nearly every corner a dirty and skinny looking individual sat holding out their hands for the kindness of a stranger only to be ignored by all, including Lieut.
At the centre of the town sat a wide square where hundreds of market stalls were set up and where every merchant was spruiking their goods. Lieut ignored them all.
It was not only the centre square where things were happening, down nearly every narrow alley things were going on, be it a pair of city guards beating up a civilian, or a whore with her legs wrapped around a customer, but again Lieut ignored it all.
He needed to find the town Magi so he could get to Port Na’brath, everything else was unimportant. With this in mind Lieut took a direct path to the richer section of the city, and with a few questions of the guards he found the place he was looking for. At the northern end of town sat a large walled estate where the Mayor of Galleraze lived and with him also resided the town Magi.
Lieut smiled in satisfaction as he walked up to the gates of the estate, but that smile vanished as he was stopped by two guards, both of them holding halberds and wearing the coat of arms of Galleraze: a golden sun on a blue field. Accompanying their golden sun was the symbol of the Mayor’s household, which meant that these two were more than just some members of the docile city watch on a shift these two were members of the household.
“What do you want?” demanded one of the guards, moving his spear to block Lieut’s path.
“I need to speak with the Magi,” Lieut replied calmly.
“What’s your name mister?” the second guard asked as he eyed Lieut up and down.
“What does it matter?” Lieut asked in return.
The first guard spat to the side. “You’ll be needing to make an appointment afore you can talk to Magi Grund, which is why we need a name, see?”
Lieut stared at the first guard, he could have easily forced his way to this Magi Grund, but he did not think that would help his cause.
“Call me Lieut,” he replied, unblinking.
The second guard scribbled his name down on a piece of parchment. “Alright mister ‘Lute’, come back tomorrow morning,” the second guard said as he wiped his nose on his sleeve.
Lieut’s eyes narrowed. “Why?”
“‘Cause we said so, that’s why,” the first guard replied. “And ‘cause Magi Grund is busy til then.”
Lieut let out a frustrated sigh and looked past the guards to the large mansion.
“Don’t worry mate,” the second guard said with a smile. “There’s a good tavern not far from here, best thing about it is it’s a brothel also. The ‘Moist Rose’ it’s called. Can’t miss it.”
The first guard nodded his agreement. “Best place around. But don’t you go getting friendly with Bellia, the blood elf, I plan on being her first tonight. Man, once my shift is over I’m racing there and she will be tighter than your money purse, Decht.”
The first guard slapped the second on the shoulder.
“What do you mean, Jecht?” Decht demanded. “I bought a round of ale the other night.”
“You did,” Jecht agreed. “But it was only us two there at the time. As soon as the rest of the gang showed up you suddenly run out of money. Gone spending it on Rosy’s big thighs.”
“Man, I love myself a fat girl.” Decht laughed. “More to grab onto.”
The two of them burst out laughing, and Lieut sighed in disgust and left, quickly moving away from the pair and back into the city.
It was late afternoon and the boardwalks were becoming less crowded and the night dwellers were beginning to come out of their hiding holes. Thieves, ruffians and vagabonds who revel in the dark of the night and just like any other city Galleraze had their fair share of them. But that did not bother Lieut as he walked through the darkening streets. The night dwellers spent their lives sizing up their marks and with one glance at Lieut, they knew they had no chance, so they left him alone.
Lieut did not bother finding a tavern for the night. He did not sleep so there was not point renting a room for five times the amount of gold it was worth. He was comfortable enough simply sitting down on a bench that over looked the Aregion Falls and waiting until daybreak.
The night went by slowly and the next day’s dawn broke early. The cloud of mist that was drifting up from the Aregion Falls turned into a golden curtain when Inüer breached the horizon. A golden light washed over the city and Lieut watched the spectacle with a slight sense of awe. When Inüer rose higher into the sky the cloud began to break apart letting sharp rays of light through the thick veil. Lieut sat watching as the blanket of cloud dissipated into yellow wisps before drifting off into the blue sky. He was not the only one watching the marvellous spectacle and dozens of people stood around the open area overlooking the waterfall, all of them eager to wake early just to see the golden curtain of cloud that Galleraze was famous for.
As much as he could appreciate it, he had to be the least eager person there. To Lieut it was only a way to pass the time until his appointment with Magi Grund. It was rather a unique sight, he conceded that, but he was more concerned with the amount of time he had to waste before the Magi could teleport him to Port Na’brath.
Lieut watched as the last wisps of cloud disappeared into the morning before he left the area. As he walked through the city many arguments broke out between the early morning merchants. Their heated discussions over who had which stall area first sounded loudly throughout the empty streets. But Lieut ignored them.
Soon Lieut found himself back at the gate to the estate where two new guards were standing, each with a long spear in hand and the colours of Galleraze with the symbol of the Mayor’s household.
“What do ya want, traveller?” said one of the guards.
“I have an appointment to see Magi Grund,” Lieut replied simply.
The guard who greeted him looked him up and down and sucked at his teeth. “Ya have a name?”
“Lieut.”
The second guard mumbled as he looked through a list of names on a parchment. “Here we are, Mister Lute to see Magi Grund. Morning appointment.”
The first guard sucked his teeth again. “Go on in then, but I will be keeping an eye on ya, weirdo.”
“Oi, Tallen,” the second guard shouted through the gate.
A young boy came running, his face grubby and the wisps of a moustache appearing above his top lip.
“Bring Mister Lute here to Magi Grund,” the second guard commanded and the bright-eyed boy nodded eagerly.
“This way Mister,” Tallen said politely as he led Lieut through the gates and into the courtyard.
Many raised garden beds stood throughout the courtyard, forming an interesting pattern when looked down on from above. In the garden beds many plants blossomed joyfully in the rich soil provided for them and the bees were buzzing about, the fresh fragrances filling the morning air.
At the centre of the yard was a small void that looked down into the waters of the lake with several benches positioned around it. At these benches sat a group of women, and several of the younger ones giggled joyfully to each other when they saw Lieut.
Awkwardly Lieut looked away from the women and continued to follow Tallen from the gardens and into the west wing of the house, where a small tower was situated.
“What is it with Magi and towers?” Lieut mumbled to himself as Tallen knocked three times on the old wooden door.
In short time the door creaked open and there stood a young woman with shoulder length blonde hair and round spectacles on her thin nose. She was much younger than Lieut had expected and she wore long robes, like most Magi, though hers were covered in hand knitted flowers of many colours.
“Your morning appointment ma’am,” Tallen announced courteously.
The Magi frowned at Tallen. “Yes I can see that boy, now off with you,” Grund commanded and the lad hastily dashed off.
“I am Magi Arthonal Grund,” the woman said dramatically. “Please, do come in.”
Lieut’s golden eyes darted around the cluttered tower as he walked into the small room. Piles of paper and books were stacked all around and two chairs were situated under a void looking up to the second floor. Lieut scoffed subtly as he moved past a table between two chairs where, in prominent view, sat the academic work ‘The World of Men’ by Arthonal Grund. Magi were not known for their humility. Moving through the clutter he sat down in one of the chairs and Magi Grund occupied the other.
“You must be the one the twins, Jecht and Decht spoke of,” the Magi said her blue eyes wide. “They were right, you are the unusual type. And your name, Lieut, tis’ another oddity. Elven for wanderer, but you are clearly not an elf, or any other of the Elder Races. And your silver hair and golden eyes, simply remarkable.”
Lieut tore his eyes from an arrangement of steaming vials in the corner and fixed the Magi with a stern glare.
“You must forgive me sir.” Magi Grund looked away from his glare. “But I have a fierce interest in the races of M’Aierth and the assimilation of those races. I thoroughly enjoy the myth that an ancient Magi mixed the essence of rabbit and women to create the Yineth. Utterly preposterous of course, but enjoyable nonetheless.”
“I have no interest in your racist views, nor am I here to sate your curiosity,” Lieut said firmly.
“You think me racist?” the Magi baulked.
“The ‘assimilation of races’,” Lieut replied, mimicking the woman’s words. “Your book: ‘The World of Men’. You believe that all races should become like Men, and that any other history and culture is pointless to hold onto in the face of progress.”
The Magi looked at him, shocked, and stumbled over a few incoherent words.
“There is no point trying to deny your racism Magi,” Lieut continued. “Your research and experiments are littered around this room, and no doubt your findings will be commended once submitted to the Magi Order. But I do not care. What I do care about is your magickal services.”
Magi Grund’s mouth hung open in surprise, but she quickly composed herself. “You may think it racist, but you cannot ignore the obvious facts that the races in Essinendeür are growing further and further apart. The differences between us and them are irreparable. If we cannot get them to assimilate into our society, dissention will develop throughout the realm. Their equality relies on their assimilation, you cannot deny it.”
“‘Us’ and ‘them’,” Lieut replied. “That is the thinking that spurred the war between the races in the Third and Fourth Age. If you people stopped for one second and thought that perhaps it was not the other races that needed to assimilate, but rather the race of Men becoming more accepting of other cultures and not trying to control everything in the land, then attitudes between races would not be so volatile. An obvious solution to the racial problems would be if you people actually made the effort to dominate all other races, instead of sitting back in your lazy dotage and philosophising on the issues.
“But I say again, I do not care,” Lieut continued. “I simply need you to teleport me to Port Na’brath.”
Magi Grund rested back in her chair and studied Lieut over the top of her round glasses. 
“Very well,” the Magi nodded slowly. “I lament for the debates we might have had if you had but more time, and interest.”
Magi Grund rose to her feet and began pacing about the room, tapping her lips with a finger. “I will make you a deal Mister Lieut, I will teleport you at no cost.”
Lieut narrowed his eyes.
“But in return for my magicks,” the Magi continued, “you will answer some questions for me and perhaps share a drink after. To sate my curiosity, do we have a deal?”
“No,” Lieut replied simply and he rose to leave.
The Magi let out a small laugh. “You cannot be serious. You refuse to answer a few questions about yourself and an enjoyable night of debate, which would make your journey easier? I think you are getting the better end of the deal.”
Lieut did not reply and he pushed through the old wooden door that led back into the courtyard, leaving the confused Magi behind.
“At least tell me where you are from?” Magi Grund called out behind him, but Lieut kept walking.
With his hands clenched at his sides he walked briskly through the gardens and slipped past the two guards at the gate and back into the city streets.
These endless setbacks were beginning to make him angry, the first few were just a slight annoyance, but now it was bordering on ridiculous. It was as if the moment he set foot in this land it had been determined to stop him at every turn.
Lieut paused by the corner of a building and took in a deep breath to calm himself. All was not lost though.
“I need a horse,” Lieut said determinedly to himself and he walked briskly into the city.
By mid-afternoon Lieut had spoken to dozens of people, but in each case the horse was either too old and not fit for riding or the merchant was unwilling to part with the beast. So, reluctantly, by the end of the day Lieut found himself walking along the main street that led out of Galleraze. With his hands clenched by his sides, his face was set with frustration, but he was still determined.
He still had time until his brother arrived in Port Na’brath, he would just have to walk briskly, with little to no stopping, and hopefully he would come across no problems or hindrances on the road. Lieut firmed his jaw as he strode along the main boardwalk leading out of the town.












Chapter Seven

The main street of Galleraze was surprisingly wide, so much so that two carriages could pass each other with room to spare. At the sides of the road, merchant stalls and large buildings stood tall and many people walked about on their daily routines. Every hundred metres or so stood an island in the middle of the road in the form of a raised garden bed, but unlike the plants at the Mayor’s estate these were poorly looked after and completely ignored by the bees.
Lieut followed the road, his gaze determinedly fixed on the distance. The buildings soon fell away and only the planks remained as the road curved out towards the edge of the waterfall before continuing along the cliff face. Thanks to rune magicks, the planks of the road needed no supports as they floated thousands of feet above the valley floor and wound along the side of the sheer cliff face.
Just as abruptly as the buildings of Galleraze fell away, the floating highway ended as it connected to the land where the Gullesian Highroad started its trek through the Gaia Mountain Pass. By the time Lieut moved from the floating planks and into the region known as the Hills of Inüer, it was dark and the twin moons once again drifted in the blackness of the endless sky.
Lieut did not stop for the night, instead pushing onwards, determined to reach The Port before his brother did.
The trek through the night was easy enough, the moons shone brightly and the crickets chirped. Occasionally he heard the distant howl of a wolf or the hoot of an owl overhead, but ultimately the night was uneventful, and Lieut was pleased with that.
The day came slowly, and soon Inüer blazed in the sky, making the hills in the distance appear yellow. The unusual colour of the grass was due to an oil which made it appear yellow from a distance, but when up close the grass was as green as always.
On either side of the road stood wooden fences that closed off areas in the wide valley for grazing farm animals to wander. Small tracks branched off from the main dirt road between the paddocks and off into the trees to houses or more grazing areas.
The Hills of Inüer was farming country, where the air was crisp and the folk pleasant. Every passing traveller or farmer tipped their hat or nodded in regard as they passed by Lieut with an occasional remark on the pleasantness of the day.
“Fine morning,” yet another farmer said to Lieut as they passed by each other.
Like every time before, Lieut ignored the remark, but this time it was because something else had caught his attention. Down the road a ways, a pair of travellers stood in the middle of a crossroad talking as they looked up at an old signpost. Immediately Lieut recognised the red hair of the elf and the richly designed vest of the man, but he smirked a little despite his misgivings.
As Lieut neared them they both turned to regard him, most likely thinking he was just another farmer to nod their head at and make a pleasant remark. Their expressions turned to surprise when they realised it was Lieut walking up to them.
Vythe laughed slightly in bemusement at seeing him. “What a strange coincidence that we would meet you here.”
“Annoying coincidence,” Lieut replied.
“I was sure you would be at The Port by now,” Fairris remarked with a smile.
“The Magi would not teleport me,” he replied, his attention lingering on Fairris as he sensed something different about her.
“I find that hard to believe,” replied Vythe curiously. “The Magi Grund I know of would do nearly anything to further her research on the assimilation of races.”
“Exactly,” Lieut stated.
Vythe’s features brightened in realisation. “I see. You refused to answer her questions.”
“I could find no horse either,” Lieut said absently as he looked around.
“That would be near on impossible in Galleraze,” Vythe agreed. “Especially considering that the town makes its money in fishing.”
Lieut shrugged. “I have resolved myself to walking for the time being, unless your connection to the Fog has returned.”
“It has not, yet,” Vythe replied with a sense of optimism. “But I am confident it will in time.”
Lieut absently looked up at the signpost where four names had been carved into the wood. Ahead was the ‘Gaia Mountain Pass’, to the right it read ‘Illna’, back the way he had come was ‘Galleraze’ and to the left the sign said ‘The Gul Ravine’. Oddly ‘Ravine’ had been scratched at and just below it was carved ‘Abyss’.
The story of the Gul Ravine being completely destroyed flashed through Lieut’s mind, but the details were limited.
“Farewell to you both.” Lieut nodded curtly and moved past Vythe and Fairris heading for the Gaia Mountain Pass.
“Why not travel with us?” Fairris called out, causing Lieut to stop and consider her.
“You will only slow me down,” Lieut decided and moved to go again.
“Even if we know of a shortcut through the mountains?” said Fairris, again making him stop.
“What shortcut?” Lieut asked curiously.
“Through the Gul Ravine,” replied Fairris. “There is a tunnel that ends near to the Anduěr Monastery in the Gaia Mountains.”
“The Monastery marks the halfway point through The Gaia Pass,” Vythe explained. “It should take a day off your trip.”
“Why do you want my company?” Lieut asked, narrowing his eyes.
Vythe and Fairris shrugged and looked at each other.
“Why not?” Vythe asked back. “Better to have three in the party than two, especially if we come across trouble.”
Lieut paused as confusion and suspicion seeped into his thoughts.
“The town of Gul is destroyed, correct?” Lieut asked hesitantly after a few moments
“Indeed,” Vythe said with a nod. “Which hopefully means no one will hinder our passage.”
Lieut paused again for a few seconds as he thought it over.
“Alright,” Lieut finally decided.
Vythe smiled. “Then let us be off, my friend.”
“I am not your friend,” Lieut was quick to say. “And you are not mine. Neither are you my comrade nor my companion. You were a means to an end, but no longer. And now we are simply travelling in the same direction.”
“That suits me fine.” Vythe smiled back, though his eyes were cold.
Lieut nodded and took up the lead towards the Gul Ravine.
He set a strong pace along the dusty road, but neither Vythe nor Fairris complained, and in fact they spoke cheerfully to one another. This made it quite obvious to Lieut that Fairris was indeed different, she seemed happier, as if a weight had been lifted from her shoulders. She was also wearing some new clothes.
In place of the dirty and ripped guard’s uniform she had worn, was now a tight beige leather corset with shoulder straps, made from belts of leather over the top of soft white linen. She also now wore a dark red skirt with a chainmail underlay that was cut high on both sides, showing off her long legs. A few thin belts rested on her hips to carry pouches full of necessary travelling items.
Although most of her outfit was new, she still wore the shoulder epaulette on her left shoulder that displayed her military rank, and she still wore her knee-high black leather boots and black gauntlets.
Several thick straps of leather lined with lace wound around one of her thighs and her upper right arm, most likely for aesthetic purposes than for anything functional. Although, Lieut could see how a dagger could comfortably fit under the leather strap on her leg.
To complete Fairris’s outfit she wore a small silver earring in each ear and around her neck hung a thin silver chain, which ended with a small pendent just above her cleavage.
Lieut found himself struggling to keep his mind on the road ahead and once again he was filled with confusion.
“Lieut?” Vythe called, grabbing his attention.
“A small question,” Vythe continued. “Was it you that killed the grinlocks along the river to Galleraze?”
“Yes,” Lieut replied, not bothering to turn to regard Vythe.
Fairris let out a triumphant laugh. “We agreed on five gold, correct?”
 “Here, take your filthy coin,” Vythe replied bitterly. 
Lieut heard the clink of coins exchanging hands.
“I must say though, it was nicely done, Lieut,” remarked Vythe. “Three Grinlocks by yourself is no small feat.”
Lieut shrugged, not bothering to slow down. He could have easily killed ten Grinlocks by himself.
“How did you become such a good fighter, Lieut?” asked Fairris, her tone pleasant.
Lieut glanced briefly over his shoulder, but did not reply.
“You like your secrets don’t you?” Vythe said dryly. “Have it your way then, we will try to not engage you in conversation any further, and we will consider you a mute bodyguard who is leading us safely through the mountains.”
“Well, that would be something you are familiar with Vythe,” Fairris remarked playfully.
“More than you know in fact,” replied Vythe with a laugh. “When I was young I used to have a servant that followed me around everywhere I went. My father’s idea of course, and I would not now be surprised to learn he was also a bodyguard.
“He was remarkably like Lieut as well,” Vythe continued, slightly louder so Lieut could hear more clearly. “A surly fellow, never said much, but he was very useful. But also unnecessary, for by the time I was eight I was already as powerful as many of the Magi teaching at the Guild, so I could protect myself very efficiently.
“What of you?” Vythe asked. “Any man-servants for the lady Fairris?”
“Hardly,” scoffed Fairris. “Besides, my parents were never wealthy, and anyway, they died when I was five.”
She went quiet for a few moments.
“But when I joined the Guard in the Zirarien city of Elestarl, I trained some recruits,” Fairris spoke up again. “Who were practically like servants.”
Both Vythe and Fairris laughed at that, but Lieut did not share their mirth.
By mid-afternoon the road had narrowed and the grass had grown back from lack of use, the fences on the sides of the road were rotting and falling down from the absence of maintenance. The trees grew more wild and crowded over the track, as if wanting to have a look at the travellers that wandered foolishly towards the Abyss of the Gul Ravine.
The darkening mood of the land had little effect on Lieut, but Vythe and Fairris had become quieter and sensed the malice in the air as they picked up their pace to move closer to Lieut.
Inüer dipped towards to the western horizon and the shadows lengthened, playing tricks on their eyes. Vythe and Fairris’s discomfort became more obvious and Lieut could definitely feel a quiet threat around him.
“We should rest for the night,” Vythe remarked as the light grew dim, and Fairris readily agreed with him.
Lieut was annoyed at having to stop, but he did so anyway. The darkness did not bother him, but he did need both Vythe and Fairris to show him the way once he reached Gul. Reluctantly Lieut joined them beside the road where Fairris was preparing a fire.
The blood elf rubbed her palms together above a pile of dry logs and as she did the Fog flicked about her hands. Lieut felt the hunger his sword had for the Fog, but he mentally suppressed its desire to absorb the conjuration. Slowly Fairris moved her hands apart and the Fog pooled together to create a ball of fire. As her hands moved further apart the ball grew in size until Lieut could feel the heat on his face. Fairris then pushed the ball of flame towards the pile of logs where the dry wood quickly caught alight, and in no time the fire was flickering happily.
“Would you like a bite to eat, Lieut?” Vythe asked him, offering a cut of salted beef.
“No.”
“Surely you must be hungry,” Fairris looked at him in surprise.
“It is no trouble Lieut,” Vythe said sincerely. “We stocked up adequately at Galleraze.”
“No,” Lieut said firmly. “I am fine.”
“A swig of red wine perhaps?” Vythe persisted, offering him his flask.
“I only drink water.”
“You are missing out.” Vythe laughed and took a swallow of the wine. “This is quite a nice drop as well. Of course not as good as the wines my family produce out of Elmnest, but it is decent.”
Lieut looked at the man in confusion. “I thought you were going to refrain from trying to engage me in conversation?”
Vythe laughed again. “It was a jest, Lieut. I find it to be a good idea to get to know those who I am travelling with. Would you not agree, Fairris?”
“On the road is the best time to get to know another, I find.” The elf readily agreed.
“And the two of you have got to know each other?” Lieut asked dryly.
They looked at each other and shrugged. “Well enough,” said Vythe and Fairris nodded.
“And you know me well enough,” replied Lieut.
“Not really,” said Fairris.
“I would hardly say I knew you well enough,” Vythe added.
“You know that I was in the prison and you know that I am on my way to Port Na’brath,” Lieut said simply. “What else is there to know?”
“Who you are?” Fairris was quick to reply, “Where you’re from? How you became such a good warrior? How your sword was able to break the walls of the Gaia Prison?”
“How you ended up in the prison might be a start,” Vythe added with a curious glint in his eyes.
“What did you do that landed you in a prison for political refugees and people who crossed the wrong nobleman, Vythe?” Lieut was quick to ask in response, “And what of you Fairris, what happened in Elestarl that brought you thousands of miles to the Gaia Mountains?”
They both looked away not wanting to answer him.
“We all have secrets,” Lieut finished and looked back to the fire. “Some more than others.”
No one spoke after that, and they each stared into the flames as the fire danced along the wood, hypnotising the travellers and drying their eyes out.
“Be a good bodyguard and take the first watch, Lieut,” Vythe said, as he was already drifting off to sleep.
Lieut looked angrily at Vythe for being ordered about, but he suppressed his ire.
“I’ll take the second watch,” Fairris said as she too began to fall asleep.
Vythe and Fairris made themselves comfortable and before long they had drifted off to sleep.
The darkness of the night slowly crept in around Lieut so tightly that if it were not for the fire he would have had trouble seeing his hand a few inches from his face. The trees seemed to have moved closer as the night drifted by, drawn in by the heat, their boughs blocking out the stars and moons, making him feel as if he was locked in a cave of twisted wood.
But Lieut was not bothered, he did not know the concept of fear, even when a wolf howled close by his muscles did not tense and his heart did not jump a beat. He was indifferent about such trouble, and it came from knowing that there was no adversary he could not defeat, no warrior or beast that could kill him. It had always been that way, only his two brothers had ever posed a decent challenge, but even they had never bested him.
Lieut let out a deep breath and stretched his legs, his back resting against a tree, his sword across his lap and his gaze staring wistfully into the slowly dying fire as he waited until dawn.
The fire was nothing but a cold pile of ash by the time the eastern sky grew light and Lieut rose to continue on the journey.
“Wake up,” Lieut said loudly. “It is time to move.”
Fairris woke with a start and looked about in surprise. “Dawn already. Lieut, you took the watch for the whole night?”
“I don’t sleep,” Lieut replied simply. “Let’s go.”
Fairris gave Lieut a strange look as she gathered her things, but she did not say anything. Vythe did not wake as quickly as Fairris so Lieut kicked his foot to bring Vythe from his dreams. Even with a kick Vythe was slow to move. He rubbed his eyes and stretched out the knots in his back, before yawning widely and looking irritably at Lieut.
“It is much too early,” Vythe complained between yawns.
“Then be left behind,” Lieut replied casually.
Vythe sluggishly gathered his things. “What of breakfast?”
“Eat while you walk,” Fairris suggested, causing Vythe to look at her darkly.
“Lieut is bad enough, Fairris,” Vythe said as he forced himself to his feet. “I do not need you agreeing with him.”
Fairris laughed cheerfully as she moved to catch up to Lieut who was already leaving them behind.
Lieut heard Vythe grumble under his breath as he stumbled to catch up to him and Fairris and he took an apple out of one of the pouches he had tied to his belt.
Lieut continued at the same pace as the previous day, briskly moving through the countryside that had changed from lovely pasture fields into a black and rocky land. Twisted trees grew up between the black stones and the only grass was sickly tufts of brown blades. All else was a black stone called ebonite, which had been mined in Gul before everyone disappeared.
By midday the narrow path had widened and led down into a deep ravine where no plants grew. Replacing the trees were large boulders that had fallen from the tall cliffs, the black stones littering the area turning the path into a natural maze. Their footsteps echoed off the walls and reverberated louder than normal in their ears.
Vythe and Fairris were on edge by the unnatural silence of the ravine, but Lieut was unperturbed. They emerged from the twisting path through the chasm and onto the main road through Gul. The once busy road was now nothing more than an alley that the wind could travel through.
The town of Gul had once been a place full of life and enjoyment, but now it was no more than a dead town, and in place of a street with bustling people, the road was filled with debris and floating wisps of Fog.
“The Fog is dense here,” Fairris remarked uncomfortably.
“But it is peaceful,” Vythe observed, “as if in mourning for the town.”
Lieut scoffed at the notion and walked off down the main street of the city, past the broken market stalls and shattered monuments. Along the walls of the ravine, holes could be seen cut into the stone for windows of houses. But along with the cleverly crafted windows and walkways there were also large cuts in the stone, as if a great sword had carved into the wall of the ravine.
Lieut paused at what seemed to be the centre of the town where remnants of a statue stood in front of him and three roads broke away down separate canyons. The Fog floated aimlessly through the air, reflecting back images of him in obscure ways. Sometimes reflecting his face like a mirror, other times showing him at an odd angle, and other times, out of the corner of his eye, he could see his own image moving even though he stood still. And every time a cloud of Fog drifted too close to him it was sucked into the gems on his sword.
“Of course,” Lieut heard Fairris gasp. “That is how Commander Razaless’s spells had no effect on you in the torture room. Anther crystals.”
Lieut turned to face Fairris and Vythe and he nodded briefly. “Four of them, two at the centre of the crosspiece, and another two for the eyes of the lion.”
“Remarkable,” Vythe exclaimed. “They have such an unusual colour to them, which explains why the prison authorities overlooked it. In truth your sword would likely be worth a fortune. But I thought you said you could not use magicks Lieut?”
“I cannot,” Lieut replied.
Vythe looked at him curiously for a second. “I see what you mean. You do not use magicks but you can unleash the raw power of the Fog through your sword. Quite a remarkable technique, if true.”
“My sword controls the Fog in the Anther crystals and I control my sword,” Lieut replied offhandedly.
“What? Like telepathy?” Vythe asked with a derisive tone in his voice.
Lieut nodded slightly and turned back to the three gorges leading away from him. “Which way is this shortcut?”
“Take the path to the right,” Fairris replied, sounding distracted.
Lieut continued on his way as the wind whistled through the canyon, whipping up dirt and old fabric, but the Fog continued to float by undeterred by the breeze. More carnage followed them through the ravine, and it seemed to gradually increase as they moved further along the road.
“What is the story of what happened here?” Lieut asked curiously, surprising himself as well as Vythe and Fairris.
“I am not surprised you do not know,” Vythe replied. “It was a little known town to begin with, but it did produce the greatest amount of ebonite ore to Issia in all of Gaianaus. No one can say for sure what happened here, some say marauders or fiends came through, others think it was a plague. But both are ridiculous, everyone overlooks the entirety of the destruction, most likely because they want to. They do not want to see the truth. They do not want to see that what happened here was so catastrophic and so complete that not a single soul crawled out of this place alive. But of course that would have been impossible, considering not one body was ever found.”
Lieut stopped walking as he came around a corner to look upon the entrance to the mines and both Vythe and Fairris stopped short as they too took in the sight.
Up several steps stood what used to be a large vestibule that led into the mine, but now the pillars were strewn about the landing and above the small entrance was a gaping black hole that appeared to have been ripped open by razor sharp blades. Peering closer to a broken pillar, Lieut noticed that it too had been cut by some kind of blade.
A smile formed on Lieut’s face as he continued to look upon the scene, for whatever had done such a thing was surely formidable, perhaps even strong enough to make a decent challenge for him.
“I think it is pretty clear what destroyed Gul,” Lieut remarked and he shot Vythe and Fairris a sly look.
“Please do not say dragon,” Vythe said with a sigh.
“Because they are supposedly extinct?” asked Lieut.
“They are a myth, Lieut, a child’s bed time story, nothing more,” Vythe replied seriously. “This is probably the work of a Magi from a rival mine in the mountains. Make it seem as if something catastrophic happened here so no one would ever come back and Gul is no longer the most profitable mine in Gaianaus.”
“I would have preferred a dragon,” Lieut replied disappointedly.
“We have to turn back,” Fairris gasped suddenly, and both Lieut and Vythe looked at her curiously.
“Do not tell me you think it was a dragon as well?” Vythe said with a disbelieving laugh.
“No Magi could have done this,” Fairris replied, taking a step backwards. “You know that as well as I, Vythe.”
“It was definitely not a dragon,” said Vythe, shaking his head.
“But it was definitely … something.” Fairris took another step back.
“Look Fairris,” Vythe said calmly as he moved towards her, “what happened here in Gul was nearly ten years ago. I am sure that whatever beast did this has moved on, and besides we have Lieut as our bodyguard, remember?”
Fairris shook her head and looked away. “I cannot, if anything happens to …” her voice trailed away and she looked at the ground. A few awkward seconds passed before Fairris took a deep breath and looked back up. “Let’s go,” she said with steely eyes.
Lieut regarded the elf curiously as she moved past him, before looking at Vythe who only shrugged and motioned for him to lead the way.
Lieut dismissed the oddity and took up the lead into the dark depths of the mines.






Chapter Eight

The blackness quickly closed in around Lieut, Vythe and Fairris as they moved deeper into the tunnel, but before any of them could suggest lighting a torch, a crystal hanging on the wall began to glow. It was faint at first, but as Lieut continued to walk it grew brighter, and soon another crystal further down the tunnel joined the first. Although the glow was dim, the light it cast was more than adequate for Lieut to see where he was going. The tunnels of the mines were quite wide and the ceiling fairly high, but oddly enough there was no evidence that something had clawed its way out from the depths of the tunnels. This was reassuring in many ways and seemed to make Vythe’s explanation of a Magi causing Gul’s annihilation more plausible.
It was an easy trip through the mines, but both Vythe and Fairris still felt anxious so they talked little. As they did not come across monsters lurking in the darkness their trek was agreeable enough.
Several times on their journey Lieut cautiously led the way along narrow paths where to one side a deep hole had been cut down into the earth with thin trails spiralling down its sides. But the sinkholes were few and most of the time he was leading the trio through square-cut tunnels with sharp turns and crystals glowing dimly intermittently along the walls.
Every now and then they would come by an anti-chamber, where Vythe insisted on looking inside for lost treasures.
Surprisingly, as Lieut led them past another door it was instead Fairris who was the one to check inside. She barely spent two seconds inside the room before she rushed back out with tears in her eyes.
“Curious,” Vythe remarked softly as both Lieut and Vythe looked inside the room. “But there is nothing in here, only an old table and chairs like all the other rooms. Well, I suppose the lack of a king’s treasure is enough to reduce someone to tears.”
“Here,” Lieut remarked and he pointed to one of the room’s wooden supports.
On the beam carved into the wood was Fairris’s name alongside several others.
“I see. This must have been where Fairris and her friends stayed during their recruitment for the prison she was telling me about,” said Vythe. “An understandably painful memory considering their recent deaths.”
Lieut did not reply and he left the room.
Back in the corridor Fairris had continued on without them, but she had not gone far. Around the next corner Fairris waited for them, her eyes rimmed with moisture, but she wiped away the tears and motioned for Lieut to continue to lead.
Lieut had not gone far when they came across another door, which of course Vythe insisted on checking in.
“You will not find anything,” Lieut said in annoyance.
“How can I know that if I never look?” Vythe winked at him as he moved through the door.
“You will not find anything, because there is nothing to find,” Lieut replied irritably. “All that is left in this place is rotting wood and dust. So let us move on quickly and be rid of it.”
“It is odd that you should say that there is nothing to find.” Vythe smiled as he ducked his head out the door. “For I have in fact just found the perfect place to rest for the night.”
Lieut let out a growl of frustration as he followed Fairris through the door. “I should just leave the two of you behind,” Lieut said with a sigh as he sat down at the table.
“You should,” Vythe replied as he looked about the small room for treasures, “That way you can only blame yourself for getting lost in these tunnels. Fairris is the only one of us who knows the correct path through the darkness, but, like myself, she cannot walk tirelessly for days on end. So, if you want to be certain of getting out of this place I suggest you stay with us and wait whilst we rest. But honestly, are we really that bad a company to have?”
Lieut did not reply and Vythe went back to looking about the room. Lieut stretched his neck in frustration and turned his eyes to Fairris as she moved to the cast iron stove to light a fire using the rags of the tattered old bunk bed in the opposite corner.
“How interesting,” Vythe mumbled as he held up a stone and grabbed Lieut’s attention.
“Ebonite ore in an ebonite mine,” Lieut felt compelled to remark sarcastically. “What a remarkable treasure you have found.”
Vythe glanced at him before looking back at the stone. “Your sarcasm is unfounded, Lieut,” Vythe replied dryly. “For, if I am not mistaken, this is not just ebonite, but ‘ebonesium’.”
“What?” Fairris asked curiously, walking over from the lit fire.
“Magi in the Er’athore Laboratories in Aierthian created ebonesium by subjecting ebonite to high levels of condensed Fog,” Vythe explained. “It is the only way to form the metal, and yet here it is, seemingly to have formed naturally. See how the Fog flickers within its depths? A clear indication of ebonesium, and its obvious outward appearance is so very different to manufactured ebonesium.”
“You know as well as I do that naturally formed ebonesium is a foolish concept,” Lieut replied seriously.
“Is it?” Vythe looked at him. “Have a closer look then, Professor.”
Vythe tossed the fist-sized stone to Lieut, which he caught without taking his eyes off Vythe. Holding it up before him, Lieut looked closely at the black rock, the edges were smooth and within its crystalline surface the Fog shimmered. Lieut was unimpressed and tossed the rock back to Vythe who passed it to Fairris.
“Still consider it foolishness?” Vythe asked smugly.
Lieut did not answer.
“Is your sword made of ebonesium, Lieut?” asked Fairris as she sat down at the table across from him.
“No,” Lieut replied.
“What is it made from then?” Fairris persisted curiously as she gave the rock back to Vythe.
“A metal.”
Vythe cursed quietly as he took up the last chair by the table. “You and your secrets Lieut.”
“We are three of a kind then,” Lieut replied as he stared hard at Vythe.
“I think I begin to understand you somewhat Lieut,” Vythe said genuinely, causing Lieut to scoff.
“You once asked how I ended up in the prison.” Vythe looked at Lieut and then Fairris. “I will tell you both. I was betrayed and wrongly accused of murder. My family is a noteworthy house in Port Na’brath but that provided little influence and I was imprisoned at the Gaia Mountains Penitentiary. A tragic tale, but that is it and it cannot be changed.”
“I had no idea,” Fairris said quietly when Vythe had stopped.
“I told you I was innocent.” Vythe shot Fairris a smile that made her laugh a little.
“And that is the whole truth is it Vythe?” Lieut asked sceptically.
Vythe narrowed his dark eyes. “Mostly the truth.”
“Mostly.” Lieut smirked.
“Which is still more than you,” Vythe was quick to say as he glared at Lieut.
“I …” Fairris stammered quietly, grabbing both Lieut’s and Vythe’s attention. “The reason why I was at the prison …”
Fairris paused.
“I used to be in the Elestarl Guard. One day we were tracking a small band of Darian raiders though the desert.” Her delicate finger began to draw swirls in the dust that had gathered on the table. “I … the Darians ambushed us. My entire squadron was killed. I led my friends to their deaths.”
Fairris paused again, and quickly wiped away a tear on her cheek. “I was the only one left alive, but I could not return to Elestarl. So, I ran, far from Cientrasis, far from their deaths. But death continues to follow me, and still I run.”
Silence filled the room as Fairris stopped abruptly, her face falling into her palms and her red hair falling about her face.
“It was not your fault, Fairris,” Vythe said quietly.
“But it was,” Fairris replied sadly.
A few seconds passed in silence, as Fairris quietly dried her tears.
Vythe looked at Lieut. “So why were you at the prison, Lieut?”
Lieut fixed Vythe with a hard stare and did not reply.
“Come on Lieut, tell us something about yourself,” Fairris implored as she looked intently at him.
“Fine,” Lieut said irritably, “if it will stop you both pestering me. My sword is indeed made of a metal.”
Vythe let out a disgusted sigh.
“I was not finished,” Lieut was quick to say. “Also known as A-Grade metal, created from a Zodiarc stone.”
“What is that?” Vythe asked curiously.
Lieut paused and hesitated. “It is a rare metal found in the Zonaris Abyss, a deep crater at the bottom of the Ja’car’is Sea which was formed long ago when a meteorite collided with M’Aierth. Only four stones have ever been found in that crater.”
“Ja’car’is Sea?” Vythe looked surprised. “In Nevārance?”
Lieut nodded casually.
“You have been to The Land of a Thousand Isles?” Fairris too looked surprised.
Again Lieut nodded.
“Last I heard they were not too fond of foreigners,” Vythe remarked raising an eyebrow.
“They are not,” Lieut replied flatly.
“That is a lot to go through just to get some metal for a blade,” said Fairris, shaking her head.
Lieut did not reply and shrugged slightly.
“And it is this Zodiarc stone that allows you to control your sword through telepathy?” Vythe asked very curiously.
Lieut did not reply.
“If it is true, it is very intriguing,” Vythe said softly, stroking his chin.
“You being in Nevārance explains the craft you crashed in,” Fairris remarked. “It is said they have great technology there.”
“So what takes you to Port Na’brath?” Vythe asked. “A ship across the Western Oceania, back to Nevārance perhaps? I do not know how you will get through the Divenarn Band though.”
Lieut looked at Vythe, but still he did not reply.
Vythe rubbed his brow. “You and your secrets.”
“I believe we have been here before,” Lieut said as he rose to his feet, and Vythe and Fairris let out a small laugh.
“I will take the watch,” Lieut remarked as he moved towards the door of the room.
“I doubt there are any fiends in these halls,” Fairris called after him. “There is nothing here, only death and decay.”
Lieut did not reply and he closed the door behind him, shutting off the light of the fire and resting his back against the stone wall.
“Perhaps I said too much,” Lieut said quietly to himself. “The little they know the better, for secrecy is my ally. So why did I say anything at all?”
It mattered little, Lieut realised, what secrecy there was disappeared when the Regional Command of Gaianaus destroyed his air craft. The High Commission knew he was here and they knew something was happening that they did not agree upon. What did it matter if two wayward individuals knew a little about him? Vythe was a hunted criminal, and Fairris was running from her past, what threat could they possibly pose to his mission?
Lieut stretched away the stiffness in his neck and brought his sword down from his shoulder. Sitting down with his back against the wall, he placed the sword across his lap and waited for Vythe and Fairris to get some rest.
Lieut woke Vythe and Fairris when he reasoned it was dawn, though Vythe complained that it was not morning yet and took his time getting ready. Thankfully they were on the move soon enough, with Lieut hastily leading the way, hoping that he would see the end of the tunnels by the end of the day.
This day of the journey was the same as the last, black hallways with only a few crystals to light their way, but even they seemed to be coming at a lesser frequency. The corridors became less worked, the turns more curved and natural, and the wooden support beams seemed to stop altogether.
By Lieut’s estimates it was now past midday and the tunnels did not seem to be ending any time soon. He could still feel the thousands of tonnes of stone above his head and the air was still stale and heavy. A distant sound of trickling water of an underground stream filled his ears and lazy clouds of Fog had begun to drift through the walls, casting a glow along the corridors.
As Lieut turned a corner he was met with complete darkness. No crystals floated along this tunnel and it seemed as if they would come across no more.
After the brief surprise Lieut strode confidently into the darkness, and as he walked along he noticed that it was not completely pitch black. Small fungi grew in the cracks and crevices in the stone around him, casting a soft bluish glow throughout the corridor. Every now and then a cloud of Fog would drift through the tunnel, illuminating the area more which allowed them to walk without stumbling on the uneven floor.
The tunnels continued to twist and turn through the mountain, rising and falling with the naturally smooth stone.
“This path was likely once an underground stream,” Vythe remarked, his voice echoing down the tunnel. “Listen, you can hear it.”
“We will come across what is left of it soon,” Fairris replied absently as if she was lost in her own thoughts.
As Lieut turned a corner the sound of the distant stream echoed louder throughout the tunnel, bouncing off the rock walls and unnaturally reverberating in his ears. 
“These tunnels feel different to what I remember,” Fairris remarked with concern as they continued along.
“Perhaps it is because you were with a larger company back then,” Vythe offered positively.
“Perhaps.” Fairris shrugged. “But I am not so sure. There were no Fog clouds the last time, and can’t you feel the malice in the air Vythe?”
“Your imagination, I’m sure,” Vythe replied unconvincingly.
Fairris did not reply for the eerie stillness in the shadows and the unnatural sound of the stream spoke volumes.
The noise of the stream greeted Lieut loudly around the next corner, but his ears had deceived him. It was not a large running river bouncing over the rocks, but rather a small trickle loudly falling into a cold dark pool.
The still pool was at the side of the path as it led into a gigantic cavern with great stalactites hanging from the ceiling and stalagmites shooting up from the floor many times joining in the middle. Scattered throughout the cavern, climbing on the stalagmites and growing close to the stream were more glowing mushrooms, but here they were growing much larger and more vigorously. Many of the glowing fungi come up to Lieut’s head, with crowns the width of a large boulder. And among the mushrooms grew other fungi, long tentacle-like plants, similarly glowing and stretching into the air and ending in round bulbs.
“Does this look familiar to you, Fairris?” Vythe asked quietly, but his voice echoed loudly throughout the cavern.
“Yes,” Fairris replied, her voice also echoing uncomfortably loud. “The other recruits and I challenged each other to see who could stay in that pool the longest. We all nearly got hyperthermia.”
A slight embarrassed smile came to the elf’s features, but it quickly vanished and tears filled her deep blue eyes. Fairris sucked in a deep breath and turned towards the pool, kneeling down by its edge.
“We should not linger,” Lieut said, uncaring for the loudness of his voice.
“Give her a moment,” Vythe replied quietly, and Lieut stretched his head to the side.
Suddenly they heard a splash and a scream, and Lieut turned to see a pale white hand with black fingernails seize hold of Fairris’s wrist, trying to pull her into the dark water. Before Lieut and Vythe could react and rush to her aid, Fairris summoned a Fog weapon to her free hand and severed the arm that held her.
Fairris staggered back from the pool’s edge, her weapon still in hand, as the water of the pool began to bubble.
Lieut drew his sword, but his attention was caught on Fairris’s interesting weapon. It looked like a cross between a gun and a sword, with a long blade protruding from the underside of a half metre gun barrel. Lieut felt the desire of his sword to absorb the Fog in Fairris’s gunblade, but he stopped it from doing so, for he knew from the bubbles forming in the pool that she would need her weapon again.
Vythe had pulled a metal shaft from one of his satchels, and with a flick of his wrist it extended into a seven foot, double ended spear.
“Finally things are getting interesting,” Lieut remarked as Vythe regarded him, a slight smile coming to the dark-haired man’s face.
From the water, a pale grey and bulbous head appeared, and as it reached the edge, its black fingernails clawed at the stone of the bank. Yellow eyes stared at them unblinking as its lanky form clambered out of the pool.
“‘Aquis Necrophilia’; a Drowner,” Vythe said sourly, and the bulbous headed monster smiled widely, water gushing from between its blackened and rotten teeth.
Several more drowners clambered from the waters and stared at them before the first drowner let out an ungodly howl, its mouth opening unnaturally wide. Its howl was suddenly cut short when its head exploded in a shower of blackened blood. A second shot came from Fairris’s gunblade, knocking it backwards into the foaming water, where a dozen more heads were starting to appear.
The other drowners looked at each other in surprise, before letting out their own screams and charging at Fairris.
With a smile, Lieut lunged to intercept, his black sword leading the way. A drowner swiped at him, but he split the hand down the middle to the elbow, and then he split open the necrophage’s head. As he lopped off another head he noticed that another gunblade had come to Fairris’s other hand and she was now spinning around the drowners, sending their limbs and blackened blood flying. He also noted that Vythe had stayed back from the fray and was killing any of the beasts trying to flank them.
Lieut found himself smiling as he realised how well the three of them fought together, complimenting each other’s abilities. But it also made him think about how well he and his brothers used to fight together, which led him to thinking about how confused he was. That in turn made him angry.
Bearing his teeth in frustration Lieut spun under the arm of a drowner, taking its leg with him and impaling the next drowner through the face. The monsters continued to fall around him and his companions, but still the pool bubbled and still more drowners climbed onto the bank. He had no trouble with an endless fight, but he knew that both Vythe and Fairris could not hope to continue with such ferocity, and eventually they would fall.
Strangely that thought concerned him.
A drowner suddenly launched itself off a stalagmite intending to tackle Lieut to the ground, but the fiend clearly did not know its opponent very well. Lieut saw the jump and lunged away from the creature and quickly stepped back in, his sword swinging upwards to meet the drowner’s descent. The impact from Lieut’s sword split open the drowner’s head and sent it flipping over backwards and into two others.
Suddenly a stone-splitting roar boomed though the cavern, making all combatants stop and shrink under the power of the bellow.
Lieut was the only one that continued to fight, and the stunned drowners fell like wheat being cut for harvest. The remaining drowners soon gathered their wits, but instead of continuing the battle they turned and fled back into the water of the pool.
As quickly as the dark waters of the pool had begun bubbling, it stopped, but the tremendous roar continued to reverberate. Vythe and Fairris covered their ears in an attempt to reduce the noise while Lieut glanced around the cavern at the shadows in between the stalagmites and stalactites in search of the source of the sound.
But as the sound died down, no adversary lunged out from the darkness, and Vythe and Fairris glanced around nervously.
“Well, whatever made that might be interesting,” Lieut remarked after many moments of silence.
Both Vythe and Fairris looked at him in disbelief as Lieut’s eyes sparkled. He flicked the blood from his sword and returned it to the clips on his shoulder guard.
“At least we now know what destroyed Gul,” Vythe remarked with a small laugh. “Disgusting Necrophages.”
“The drowners would have eaten the bodies before hibernating in the pool,” Fairris said seriously. “But they could not have wiped out the entire town.”
“It was a hope,” Vythe replied despondently. “But it seems the fiend responsible is yet to come.”
“Or has already left,” Fairris said. “I hope.”
“That would be disappointing.” Lieut smirked as he moved from the pool along the trail leading into the forest of stalagmites making Vythe and Fairris jump to catch up with him.
“Are you eager to die, Lieut?” Vythe asked when he caught up.
“I will not be the one dying,” Lieut replied simply.
“You would not stand a chance against whatever made that thunderous roar,” Vythe replied, shaking his head.
Lieut did not reply and continued to stride ahead.
“A glorious death,” Fairris remarked vaguely.
“The only way Death is getting me is if he comes himself,” Lieut replied as he shot Fairris a curious glance over his shoulder.
A smile at the possible challenge ahead displayed openly across Lieut’s face as he followed the winding path through the cavern with Vythe and Fairris close at his heels.
The trail undulated with the terrain, spiralling up the sides of huge stalagmites and across narrow stone bridges that arched over small gullies filled with running water. For many minutes they walked through the cavern, sometimes it was wide open with great natural columns of limestone formed by dripping water. Other times they were forced to squeeze through narrow gaps between rows of thin stalagmites. All the while the sound of running water filled the air, the glow of the large mushrooms lit their pathway and the anxiety as a result of an unknown devilry hung heavily around them. But Lieut did not slow his pace, in fact he increased it, excited to meet the unseen foe, revelling in the thought of what a great challenge it would pose.
Though, as the minutes turned into hours Lieut’s excitement and Vythe’s and Fairris’s anxiety lessoned, as it seemed that the beast that had made the monstrous roar would not appear.
“Let’s rest here,” Fairris requested as they walked into a small grotto illuminated by many fungi.
Reluctantly Lieut stopped and Vythe and Fairris had a few bites to eat and a few mouthfuls of water.
“I have never seen you eat, Lieut,” Vythe remarked curiously as he tossed an apple core to the side. “Do you ever eat?”
“Let’s go,” Lieut dismissed the question as he headed along the path out of the grotto.
Another hour drifted by and still they continued to walk through the stone jungle. The beast that had scared the drowners away was still elusive, and Fairris seemed to be having trouble keeping the same pace that Lieut was walking at.
Soon the stalagmites and stalactites thinned and Lieut led Vythe and Fairris out from the stones into a wide area. As soon as Lieut stepped from the towering stalagmites he knew something was wrong. It was not just the crumbled piles of stone that littered the area or the areas where the stone seemed to have bubbled that worried him. It was a sixth sense, a warrior’s instinct that something was watching them.
“We should move quickly,” Vythe whispered, apparently also feeling the unseen threat.
There were only a few glowing mushrooms, so it was harder to see into the darkened corners and crevices of the cavern. Still Lieut’s golden eyes darted to each shadow as he moved swiftly across the floor. As he rounded a large pile of rubble, an exit from the cavern came into view. Just as he took one step towards it a massive form dropped in front of him, causing the earth to shake under the impact.
The beast stood over twenty-feet tall at the shoulders, and nearing on one hundred feet from its nose to the tip of its pointed tail. Its great leathery wings stretched out beside it as the beast reared on its back legs and roared. The sound shook the cave, causing a stalactite to fall from the ceiling and crash to the ground. The monster’s great body was covered in many colourful scales and around it wisps of the Fog seemed to manifest and glow fiercely. Its whole body was the colour of the Fog, except for its eyes, which were black with pale slits.
As the beast rested its front feet back on the ground it glared at them, its dark eyes making them feel as if their feet were rooted to the ground.
Lieut smiled and his hand slowly moved to the hilt of his sword.
“So much for dragons only being a myth, Vythe,” Lieut remarked dryly.
Vythe did not reply, nor did Fairris say anything, for they were both frozen in fear and cowering behind him.
“THEIVES!” the dragon roared and its head moved back as it sucked in a huge breath.
As its head snapped forward Lieut grabbed his sword quickly and brought it down as a shield in front of him.
A torrent of fire burst forth from the dragon’s toothy maul and enveloped them. Vythe cursed and Fairris gasped, but Lieut still smiled.
The torrent of fire crashed into his sword like a wave onto rocks and it circled around them. Vythe and Fairris covered their heads and crouched behind Lieut, but the flames never touched them.
Lieut’s arrogant grin widened for he had guessed correctly that the fiery breath of the dragon was pure Fog, just like the rest of the beast. Lieut’s sword ate the Fog greedily, sucking the flames into the Anther crystals. The fire that swirled around them changed colour and went grey as if all life had been drained from it and with the colour the heat disappeared too. In a flash, the fire disappeared, leaving Lieut, Vythe and Fairris unsinged. Lieut stood triumphantly, his golden eyes laughing at the dragon that pulled its head back in surprise.
Lieut never missed an opportunity and he sprinted forward, leaving both Vythe and Fairris to look around in bewilderment. The dragon was quick to react to Lieut’s charge and its toothy jaws snapped down at him. Lieut dove to the side at the last second causing the dragon to crunch into the stone. Agilely the great beast jumped to the side, lashing out at him with a clawed hand. Sliding under the swipe Lieut cut the dragon on the back of its claw. His sword sliced easily through the scales and bit at the Fog within making the dragon jump back further and roar in pain. Rolling to his feet Lieut moved to chase the huge monster down, but suddenly the point of the dragon’s spiny tail speared towards him. Lieut twisted quickly and used the flat of his sword to block against the sharp point, but the impact from the blow sent him flying backwards into a wall of thin stalagmites. Lieut’s head hit the stone and his consciousness flew from him.






Chapter Nine

Slowly he came to, his head pounding in his ears. His mouth was dry and his tongue thick.
“Finally you stir,” spoke a male voice. “I was just about to throw a bucket of water on you.”
“Vythe?” Lieut mumbled as he ran a hand across his face.
“What?”
“Come on, get up,” demanded a lighter voice. “That is the last time we let you drink a cask of wine by yourself. The fathers of the village maids are dark on you.”
“What?” Lieut asked in confusion, forcing his eyes to open.
“My brothers,” Lieut gasped and he jumped into a sitting position.
He was on a wooden framed bed with a straw mattress and feathered pillow behind him. The room was dark with only a few candles and the glow of the coming morning streaming through the window. But unmistakeably his two brothers stood before him, both with looks of disbelief.
“Of course it is us,” said his brother with pale purple eyes. “Now move it.”
“If we are going to make it through the Northern Passage to Essinendeür, then we need to have early starts,” said his red-eyed brother.
Lieut rubbed a hand across his face again, before swinging his legs out of the bed to stand. His mind worked feverishly to understand what was happening, but he could make no sense of it. Everything was so vivid, so real, just as real as the dragon made of Fog had been.
But was that just a dream induced by too much wine? Why was he drinking wine? Fluids aside from water were not permitted.
As Lieut scratched his head trying to figure out what was happening his fingers slid over a patch of hair that had been cut away just above his left ear and the scars that ran across his temple. The shrapnel from the crash had caused that so then this must be the dream.
Lieut looked in confusion at his two brothers who were talking idly while they waited for him. A genuine smile came to his face.
“What do you think?” his red-eyed brother asked him as Lieut rose to his feet. “Push through to Malen`bar, or stop at Mendōre? You have a choice.”
Suddenly his vision blurred and the wooden floorboards came up to smack him in the face.
Darkness surrounded him and from the shadow a feint light began to grow. The light rushed towards him stopping only metres from his face and he could see that the glow was pulsing from within the depths of a great crystal. Seeping from the top of the glassy surface of the crystal the Fog drifted into the air and vanished into the blackness.
“Complete your mission,” a woman’s voice said loudly before everything turned black again.
***********************************************
“The wind,” someone shouted distantly. “The answer has to be the wind.”
A low grumble reverberated in his ears and forced his eyes to open. Lieut was lying on his back with broken stone from the stalagmites scattered about him. His sword was still in his hand and his head throbbed in pain. Lieut shifted his weight so a large round object would stop pressing in to the small of his back. With great effort he slid his hand under him and pulled out a huge gem stone. Lieut pushed himself up onto one elbow to look around. He was resting in one of a few piles of gold coins and gemstones. It seemed that he had landed in the dragon’s hoard of treasure.
“Indeed, it is the wind,” rumbled an unearthly voice. “Your turn to ask, and try to make this riddle interesting so it may occupy more than several seconds of my mind.”
“Very well, o’ great and godlike dragon,” a much fainter voice replied.
Lieut crept to the edge of the hole he had made in the stalagmites during his short flight. Peering through one of the small gaps in the columns of stone he could see Vythe standing in the middle of the cavern, facing off against the great Fog dragon that sat with its front legs crossed before it.
“What are you doing, Vythe?” Lieut mumbled at the insanity of playing a game of riddles with a dragon.
Turning his attention from Vythe his mind quickly moved to the task at hand, he needed to defeat this devilry. Lieut’s eyes sparkled as he looked around the area in search of a point of attack. His eyes came to rest on a narrow alcove that would bring him to the same height as the dragon’s head. Before Lieut headed off he shoved several handfuls of coins and gem stones into a couple of pouches that he had tied to his belt.
“What is the meaning of life?” Lieut heard Vythe ask as he slipped from the treasure chamber and into the shadows of the cavern.
“You are too vague,” the dragon grumbled back. “Whose life are we talking about? Mine, yours or the one belonging to someone else?”
Lieut found a perfect scaling point and began to climb carefully and silently up the uneven wall of the cavern, making sure his sword did not scrape against the stone.
“What is the meaning of life, in general?” Vythe replied confidently.
Carefully Lieut pulled himself up onto the narrow ledge, silently drawing his sword so that it would not make a noise as he edged along the stone shelf.
“How can there be a definitive answer to such a question?” grumbled the dragon.
“Do you admit defeat then?” Vythe asked in reply.
“NEVER!” roared the dragon as it jumped to its feet, its thunderous voice shaking the stone and making Lieut press his back against the wall to avoid falling rocks from above. “I am the destroyer of worlds, the undefeated and the incarnation of death itself. Your petty riddle will not be my defeat, tiny man.”
As the dragon calmed it sat back down and returned to pondering the riddle and Lieut crept quietly out onto the ledge he had seen before that would bring him closer to the dragon’s head. Keeping to the shadows he could see that Fairris had also been edging around the cavern as she too searched for a way to strike at the dragon. Lieut approved of her tactics, but he would be the one to kill the abomination of nature.
With even the fiercest of creatures there was a weak point, and because this dragon was created from the Fog, its weak point had to be an Anther crystal where the Fog was manifesting. Lieut could easily guess where this fiend’s Anther crystal was located, for at its chest the Fog-coloured scales seemed brightest and a warm glow emanated from there.
“Do you have an answer then, dragon of Fog?” Vythe called to the beast, “What is the meaning of life?”
“Death,” Lieut said loudly as he sprung forwards, his sword leading the way.
The sound of his voice caused the dragon to turn to regard him, just in time to see Lieut’s sword slice into its eye. Lieut’s sword cut through easily, too easily, and in fact his whole body sailed through the dragon’s head.
Surprised, but hardly beaten Lieut landed with a roll on the hard ground and turned to face the dragon’s coming jaws. He dove to the side, striking out with his sword as he did. His blade caught the dragon on the side of the head, causing the beast to roar. Lieut jumped back from the claws of the dragon to see both Vythe and Fairris sprinting, but they were racing away from the fight and towards the exit of the cavern.
“Cowards,” Lieut cursed them as he dove forward and away from the jaws of the beast.
He rolled perfectly and jumped to his feet in a flash, heading towards the dragon’s chest and the Anther crystal within its Fog body. Lieut thought his victory was at hand, but quicker than he believed possible the large dragon flapped its great wings and launched itself into the air.
“Flee Lieut,” Fairris screamed from the exit of the cavern.
“You cannot win against such an adversary,” Vythe called desperately and waved him over.
Lieut cursed, he did not want to believe it but they were right, he could not win this fight.
With a yell of anger and frustration, Lieut sprinted for the exit just as the dragon landed again. The great beast roared ferociously and sent another breath of fire after him. Lieut flicked his sword into its clips at his shoulder and continued to sprint for the exit. As the fire licked at his heels the Fog in the flames was eaten up by his hungry sword leaving him unharmed as he darted into the tunnel.
Vythe and Fairris were a fair way in front of him, but Lieut closed the distance quickly and passed them. As he sprinted along, the tunnel began to slant upwards and soon he was climbing hand over hand up a steep staircase that had been cut into the chute. Every so often the stairs flattened out, offering respite to the climbers.
“Stop,” begged Fairris as they moved onto one of the ledges. “I … I need to rest.”
Vythe happily obliged and he stopped to suck in deep breaths. Lieut was hesitant to stop, but he did.
“Damn it,” Lieut spat, pulling his sword from its clips and slamming it into a large rock where it imbedded itself half way into the stone. “Curse that beast. I will have it next time.”
“Be thankful you are alive,” Vythe remarked in between heavy breaths.
“I have never lost,” Lieut shouted back, kicking at another large rock and sending it down the steep chute.
“There is a first time for everything,” Vythe replied calmly.
“Not for this,” Lieut snapped back. “Not for me.”
Lieut growled angrily and wrenched his sword from the stone before placing it back at his shoulder.
“You were right though,” Vythe remarked, making Lieut turn to regard him. “The answer to my riddle was death.”
Lieut smirked. “I fight the dragon and you make riddles with it.”
Vythe laughed. “It was terribly hackneyed was it not?”
Both Fairris and Vythe burst out laughing, and even Lieut found himself smiling.
“Who would have thought children’s stories were true,” Fairris joked. “Come on, let us leave this place.”
In agreement Lieut took up the lead once more, climbing tirelessly up the near vertical steps. Lieut kept his pace constant, even a little bit slower than he normally would. Vythe seemed capable of keeping up with him, as did Fairris. But as the minutes turned into hours the blood elf began to fall behind, causing Lieut and Vythe to stop and wait for her.
“Are you alright, Fairris?” Vythe asked with concern as they started off again.
“I’m fine,” Fairris said dismissing the issue.
But Lieut could see that there was something wrong with Fairris, and surprisingly he found that he was a little concerned. Vythe likely noticed it as well, but he did not press the issue any further.
Lieut pushed away his feelings and continued up the steep climb. The twisting tunnel was dark and cramped and the only light came from the glowing fungi. The sound of the stream could still be heard echoing through the dark corridors, but apart from that the only noises were that of their feet and the rhythmic breathing of his lungs.
Lieut’s mind drifted back to the strange vision he had experienced after the dragon knocked him through the wall, of him and his two brothers and a smile crept to his face as his mind lingered on the thought. But Lieut purposely rubbed it away with the back of his hand.
The other part of the dream had been of his mission, but as to whom the woman’s voice belonged to he did not know. It had seemed as though he had seen him and his brothers wandering about the land with no missions set for them, which seemed very odd to him. But he also had the images in his mind of his mission objective, which was also beginning to appear odd. Lieut was not used to such confliction and he clenched his jaw in frustration as he stretched the stiffness out of his neck.
“You have a choice,” Lieut mumbled to himself. “A choice in what? What is wrong with me, the concept of choice should be a non-issue?”
The words his brother had spoken in the dream rang in his ears again and continued to echo around his mind.
As Lieut emerged from his thoughts he realised that the ground had evened out and the light of day was streaming into the tunnel between the cracks in the wall ahead. It appeared as if the tunnel was used as an escape chute or access shaft during the time the people of Gul mined the tunnels, but now the exit had been blocked off by piled rocks. Poorly stacked rocks at that, Lieut noticed as he stood before it, and as Vythe and Fairris came up behind him Lieut dropped his shoulder into the stack. After several more hits the rock wall fell away, letting the light from Inüer cascade into the gloomy mine, and allowing Lieut to walk freely out into the snowy mountains.
The wind howled around him, picking up snowflakes and biting at his skin. Even though the clouds were heavy, to Lieut’s dark-adjusted eyes it was unbearably bright. His eyes readjusted quickly and he focused on a trio of travellers that stood on the plateau opposite him, wide and surprised smiles on each of their faces.
“Well, well, well boys,” said the short bald man with a tattoo of a Chimera on the side of his head and he laughed, “look what we ‘ave ‘ere. Told you they would come this way. I says the only way through Gaia Mountains is past the Monastery, so we teleport to the Monastery and wait for them. I told you so I did.”
“I think we found ourselves some good fortune, Boss,” remarked a taller man, standing to the left of the bald man. The taller man was running a hand through his shoulder-length blond hair.
“Good fortune indeed,” said the man on the far right, who was the exact image of the one on the left, except his hair was short. “You’re so smart Boss.”
“But you do not seem happy to see me, Vythie?” The bald man pouted.
Lieut looked at Vythe, who was glaring at the bald man, his lips tight and his dark eyes burning.
“The only time I will be happy to see you, Elardōre, is when you are dead at my feet,” Vythe replied slowly through clenched teeth.
“You wound me Vythie-boo,” Elardōre replied. “Were we not friends?”
“Perhaps, once,” said Vythe and he shook his head, “No longer.”
The corner of Elardōre’s eye twitched and the man’s hands clenched into fists.
“C’mon Boss,” the twin with the short hair whined. “Rathgard wants them dead, so let’s kill ‘em already and get our gold.”
“Shut up Felix,” Elardōre growled back, causing the bigger man to shrink away.
Elardōre looked back at Vythe. “I’ll give you a choice, Vythie,” the man said. “For old time’s sake. I was hired by the Regional Commander of Gaianaus to kill the treasonous blood elf, and I’ll do the silver-haired one just ‘cause I can. Ain’t no mention of a thief and traitor, so I’ll let you walk away. Betray your friends like you once did me, leave and forget about them.”
“I never betrayed you-” Vythe began.
“You did!” Elardōre screamed manically. “You left me for some skirt! That bitch whore took you from me. You were my friend, my brother-in-arms. We bled together. We stole together. We killed together. We had the whole world as our playground, our toy to use as we pleased. The rich feared for their gold at the mere mention of our names and the skirts giggled whenever our triumphs were whispered. You could have had any of those whores, you could have had a different one each night. But you threw it away. You threw me away when you went with her!”
“So you kill her?” Vythe spat. “So much for our friendship.”
“Don’t you see? I did it because of our friendship.” Elardōre’s eyes widened, and a smile crept across his face. “We could do anything we wanted. No one dared stand in our way. Who needs to dominate the world through force when you can do it through infamy and guile?”
“You are a madman,” Vythe replied.
“I. Am not. Crazy!” Elardōre screamed back. “I’m not.”
“Kill ‘em boss,” the long-haired twin encouraged.
“I said shut up Falix!” Elardōre yelled back.
“Enough of this farce,” Lieut cut in irritably. “You want to kill me, hurry up and fail. I have better things to do than listen to a madman, two idiots and a personal history I care nothing about. Now you choose, be out of my way or draw your swords.”
“Very well, you wanna play then, so be it,” Elardōre said calmly.
“The blood elf is mine,” Falix smiled as he rolled up his sleeves. “I have always wanted to kill a filthy Blood Elf.”
“You have made your decision Vythie?” asked the bald man.
“You will die here today,” Vythe replied grimly, and he pulled forth the small metal shaft of his retractable spear.
“Finally,” Lieut mumbled and he drew forth his sword as he moved towards the twin called Felix.
“Nice stick,” Felix jeered at him, and a Fog-created sword and shield came to the man’s hands.
Lieut could not feel the hunger of his sword for the Fog in Felix’s weapons, so he reasoned that the twin must have been using an Anther crystal ring. It mattered little to Lieut as he stepped lightly across the surface of the snow. This man would die.
Felix came at him quickly, the man’s sword darting for Lieut’s chest. Lieut slapped it aside and countered by slamming hard against Felix’s shield. The man stumbled under the blow and fell back a few steps. Lieut moved quickly and swung again into the shield, forcing Felix back further. He continued to slam his sword against the shield until Felix was on one knee and the solidarity of his Fog weapons wavered.
Suddenly Felix cast a wave of energy that sent Lieut back a few steps before the Fog was absorbed into his sword. The second it took him to gather his balance Felix was back on his feet, this time wielding a great sword to match his own.
Felix growled in anger and lunged at him. Lieut easily deflected the strike, and the next one, letting Felix play out his anger and exhaust himself. But he did not miss an opportunity when it came, and when Felix overreached one of his sweeps Lieut dove in. He slammed his sword against Felix’s blade, sending it wide, before cutting back the other way and cutting into Felix’s chest. But instead of flesh and bone crunching under his strike there was a sudden blue flash and Lieut’s sword scratched harmlessly across an unseen barrier.
“Magick buffs,” Lieut spat in disgust as he stepped back from combat. “Are you so weak that you need the magicks of the Fog to enhance your abilities and protect yourself?”
“Are you so weak that you cannot use the magicks of the Fog?” Felix retorted, and his sword cut back in much faster than before.
It was obvious to him that Felix was using buffs to not only make his skin as hard as stone, but to also increase his strength and speed. Lieut growled in anger and revulsion at the lengths this man was going to to try and compete with him. A true warrior used natural skill alone.
Lieut sneered and pushed ahead, forcing Felix on to his heels immediately.
Lieut came down with a powerful two-handed chop, which Felix blocked just above his head. If it had not been for the enhancements he would have cleaved Felix in two. Thinking quickly Lieut kicked ahead with his back foot, slamming into Felix’s groin.
Although it did no real damage Felix instinctively flinched and Lieut continued his momentum with a devastating upper cut with his sword. The sharp edge connected firmly with Felix’s face, the stone skin preventing any damage. But it did not prevent the impact of the blow, and Felix staggered backwards in a daze.
Lieut seized his chance and began cutting and spinning his sword, thrusting into Felix, each time the stone skin flashed blue and stopped any damage. But with each cut Lieut knew he was wearing away Felix’s stone skin and soon one of his attacks would taste flesh.
Somehow Felix had managed to cast a spell on himself that brought him from his delirium and he tried to counter Lieut’s attacks. But despite the obvious increase again in speed and strength, Lieut was able to stop Felix’s attacks easily enough.
He could see that Felix was beginning to get frustrated and angry, so he smiled at the twin, causing the man to yell in anger.
Lieut’s patience saw fruition when a scream was heard from the side where Fairris was fighting Falix. Lieut could see out of the corner of his eye that Falix had Fairris suspended in the air whilst subjecting her to painful blasts of energy.
Fairris’s scream had distracted Felix for a split second, and that was all Lieut needed.
Felix’s stone skin had been considerably weakened, so Lieut lunged ahead, the tip of his sword carrying with it all his strength. Felix turned just in time to see the tip of Lieut’s sword shatter the stone skin and plunge into his chest.
As the blue fragments of the stone skin fell to the snow, he drove his sword deeper into Felix’s chest, all the way up to the hilt.
“Where are your magicks now?” Lieut whispered in the man’s ear as the snow around their feet turned red with blood.
Felix tried to respond, but Lieut kicked the man backwards off his sword and onto the snow where he died, coughing up blood. Without giving the dead man another thought Lieut turned to the situation at hand. Falix was continuing to torture Fairris, laughing all the while, and Elardōre had all but defeated Vythe.
He moved to save Vythe who had just rolled his ankle and dropped to one knee.
Lieut sprinted towards them, but he knew he would not be quick enough. Elardōre screamed out in triumph as he swung a Fog-made battle-axe straight for Vythe’s head. The axe suddenly reversed its momentum and flew backwards, along with Elardōre as a wave of energy exploded forth from Vythe. The bald man screamed again as the axe disappeared from his hands and he went tumbling over the edge of the cliff and to the thousand-foot drop below.
The wave of Fog energies rolled over Lieut, knocking him backwards into the snow, and for some reason refusing to be absorbed by his sword. As he rolled to his feet he could see that it had also knocked over Falix who had been distracted. Fairris was now motionless in the snow and Falix turned red-faced towards Vythe. But his look of anger soon changed to that of fear as he looked upon Vythe.
Lieut too, had to gasp when he saw Vythe floating a few inches off the snow as a torrent of Fog swirled around him. Vythe’s eyes were rolled back in his head and his mouth hung open. Never having seen or heard of such a thing Lieut stood still looking on in shock.
Falix had a different approach, and he began throwing balls of energy at Vythe, all of which were sucked up by the swirling Fog and reflected back at him. Falix screamed as his own energy waves slammed into him, burning his clothes and blasting his skin. Falix screamed again and stupidly threw a large ball of energy, but this too turned on him. Falix’s own energy wave thundered into his chest, exploding apart his clothes and skin and showering the surrounding area in blood and gore and bone.
The swirling Fog around Vythe began to lessen and the dark-haired man collapsed on the ground clutching his head. Lieut slowly returned his sword to his shoulder guard and began to move towards Fairris to see if she was still alive. But he changed his mind, figuring she was likely dead, and he walked over to Vythe instead.
“What was that?” asked Lieut curiously.
Vythe’s eyes sparked as he looked up at Lieut. “Whatever was blocking my connection to the Fog, broke, causing magicks to suddenly flow through me. I think the stress of the situation caused it to be more dramatic than it would otherwise have been.”
Vythe let out a tired laugh.
“Are you hurt?” Lieut asked.
“I could not be better.” Vythe smiled as he looked up at Lieut. “The Fog has returned to me.”
Lieut nodded. “Fairris is not so well off.”
Vythe looked up in concern and staggered to his feet. As Vythe moved towards Fairris he stumbled and would have fallen but for Lieut unconsciously grabbing him by the arm.
Lieut quickly let go again and awkwardly turned away to head towards Fairris.
Vythe followed and knelt down beside the elf, giving Lieut a curious look.
“She yet lives,” Vythe remarked happily.
“Can you heal her?” Lieut asked without thinking.
Vythe shook his head. “Alas, I know little of healing magicks, and I am currently too weak to be casting serious magicks. You must help her, Lieut.”
“Must?” Lieut raised an eyebrow.
“You owe her that much at least,” Vythe said desperately.
“I owe her nothing,” Lieut was quick to reply. “I owe you nothing.”
“How can you say that after what we have all been through?” Vythe asked in disbelief.
“We travelled together, that is all,” Lieut countered, “It is absurd to think that I owe you something merely because of that.
“But,” Lieut continued, stopping Vythe’s objections. “I will carry her to the Monastery, and that is all I will do.”
“Alright.” Vyth smiled. “Be swift.”
“Once you arrive at the Monastery and recover your strength, I expect you to teleport me to Port Na’brath, Vythe,” Lieut said as he picked up Fairris.
“Of course.” Vythe smiled again, but his eyes did not.
“I will await your arrival.” Lieut said as he regarded Vythe apprehensively. 
With nothing more to be said Lieut turned away and sprinted off into the gathering snowstorm.










Chapter Ten

The paths were oft times narrow and the turns sharp along the road through the Gaia Mountains, but Lieut had little trouble running at top speed along them. Even with a storm coming in and constantly pelting him with snowflakes and icy winds Lieut continued to run on.
As the hours went by sweat began to bead on his face and heavy clouds rolled in obscuring his vision with thick grey walls. But he pushed on relentlessly. If Fairris was to live he needed to get her to the Anduěr Monastery.
He glanced down at the elf in his arms. It seemed that not a patch of her skin was free of a dark bruise or cut. Falix had been merciless in his torture, but there had been something else amiss with her before that. Lieut had noticed something about her as they were coming up the stairs on their escape from the dragon, and now he could see it clearly. There were black lines running up her forearm from dark nail marks on her wrist.
Lieut reasoned that it must be where the drowner had grabbed her, and now the poison from the fiend was seeping into her blood stream. Clenching his teeth Lieut pushed on faster through the snow and sleet, the icy rocks of the path making even his steps slip a bit. The path suddenly cut back on itself, causing him to head straight for the edge of a cliff, but his quick reflexes and fast feet allowed him to turn agilely. Suddenly he lost his footing on the ice and tumbled to the ground where he slid towards the grey abyss.
Thinking quickly he dropped Fairris to the snow just before his feet slid over the edge of the cliff. His fingers dug into the icy rocks in a desperate search for a handhold, but he could not find one as he went over the edge of the cliff. As the grey clouds reached out to swallow him, his fingers found a crack in the rocks, and he latched on desperately. Lieut growled in pain as he felt one of his fingers dislocate, but he held on. Hanging from one arm, with his feet floating in the clouds, Lieut let out a deep breath before swinging himself back up onto the ledge. His other hand found a hold and he pulled himself up alongside Fairris, who, still unconscious, had been oblivious to it all. With a quick realignment of his dislocated finger he pushed away the pain and picked up Fairris before sprinting off into the snowstorm again.
Lieut kept a keen eye out for more hairpin turns as he moved quickly along the road and traversed several wood and rope bridges. Finally he saw a glowing beacon of fire piercing through the clouds, and behind it loomed the shadow of a huge building carved into the side of the mountain. Lieut darted across another wide wooden bridge, past the large burning brazier and up the stone steps that led to the Monastery.
Huge pillars framed the large double doors on which Lieut knocked heavily with his foot. It took several minutes and several more heavy kicks on the wood until he heard a latch click and one of the doors crack open.
“She needs your aid,” Lieut said as he pushed through the doors. “We were attacked along the road.”
“How dreadful,” gasped the elderly monk that had opened the door.
“I believe she has also been poisoned by Drowner venom,” Lieut continued. “You must hurry.”
The monk nodded hastily but suddenly paused and looked closer at Fairris. “She is an elf,” the monk said looking hesitant.
“So? She needs aid,” Lieut pressed.
The old man nodded stiffly. “Anduěr will never turn away anyone, even if they are of a lesser race,” the man recited piously. “Follow me.”
Lieut ignored the man’s attitude as he quickly followed the monk down the long hall and through another wooden door, this one smaller. Down several long hallways they went before moving into a smaller room with a single bed, where Lieut placed Fairris. The monk left the room, but returned quickly in the company of two nuns. 
“Come.” The old monk bade him away “The nuns will treat her. Luckily we have seen the Drowner venom before and know how to counter its symptoms.”
Lieut followed the old man from the room, glancing over his shoulder a couple of times until the door was closed.
“You can buy a warm meal at our tavern,” the old man was saying when Lieut turned to regard the man again. “And rent a room. We get quite a few travellers along this road. And don’t worry for your friend, she is in good hands and will be as right as rain in a few days. Then I hope you and her will leave quickly, we do not need people thinking we are sympathetic towards the Elves, you see?”
Lieut nodded to the monk and headed towards the tavern.
Many hours later Lieut stared absently out into the grey abyss of clouds and the drifting white snowflakes. The storm had lessened in the past couple of hours and even as Lieut stood there he could see the clouds beginning to break apart. He was standing out on the balcony that led from the under city, the light flakes of snow falling about him and accumulating on his shoulders and head. The wind had picked up, but he did not feel the cold despite the balcony sitting high up on the side of a cliff.
In the creating of the Monastery the monks had fashioned a magickal field around external areas like the balcony, which nullified the cold. The magicks fields also nullified any use of magicks within the Monastery, similar to the one that was around the Gaia Mountains Penitentiary.
Even though Lieut was looking out into the storm, he was not seeing it. His mind was elsewhere.
Why had he even bothered carrying Fairris to this place? He should not care if she were to die, such was life. But then why did he feel worried for her?
He let out an exasperated sigh, his hot breath causing a cloud of steam to drift into the air.
His mind wandered again to Fairris and how hopeless she had looked when he was carrying her. Lieut growled away the images.
“I should have just left her,” Lieut mumbled, but shook his head. “No, I could not have just walked away. There is no honour in that.”
Lieut rubbed a hand across his face, he was so conflicted and it was because of the damnable Regional Commander shooting down his craft when he had first arrived in Essinendeür. As well as the cursed Fog that for some reason ended up inside him and was the cause of those weird bouts of seizures and tampering with his thoughts about his mission.
“Hurry up Vythe,” Lieut mumbled quietly. “The sooner I get to Port Na’brath the sooner I can meet with my brother and hopefully he can help me.”
“Beautiful view is it not?” commented someone at his side, breaking Lieut’s train of thought.
He slowly turned an annoyed glare towards a priest that stood beside him, similarly looking down at the valley. The snow had stopped falling and the clouds had broken apart revealing an incredible view across the snow-capped mountains and the setting sun.
Lieut did not reply to the monk and he looked back to the view down the valley.
“Just happy to gaze across the mountains I see.” The priest smiled, and Lieut stretched his neck.
“Do you want something?” Lieut finally asked in irritation.
“Perhaps,” the priest replied. “But perhaps it is you that is in search of something. You seem troubled, can I aid you in bringing you enlightenment?”
Lieut scoffed. “Enlightenment?”
“Through the words of Anduěr we will all achieve enlightenment,” the priest said seriously.
“I do not want to hear the words of a false God,” Lieut replied dismissively.
“False?” exclaimed the priest in surprise. “How can any member of The Five be false? How can the words of a deity be false? No traveller, it is your thoughts that can only be considered as false, and if you submit to the will of The Five you will find enlightenment, salvation and understanding.”
“I see more clearly than you do, Priest,” Lieut was quick to reply. “The Sect of Anduěr, along with all religions is a lie designed to control the people. There is no enlightenment, only contradictions wrapped up in pious lectures demanding that the people confess their sins and submit to the church for salvation. Your religion is a vehicle for control, and nothing else.”
Annoyingly the priest smiled at him. “Your ignorant words are similar to my own when first I came through here. But the words of the Gods found me and showed me the way from the darkness. Let me guide you to the light. The church is a holy vessel for the will of The Five, to deny it is damnation.”
“What are these magickal barriers around the Monastery if not a contradiction to what Anduěr teaches?” Lieut rebutted. “By the words of Anduěr in the Prophecy; ‘the magicks of the Fog are for the Gods only. And all mortals that use it shall be condemned to eternal torture in the Abyss’, but yet you use the magicks.”
“It is a necessary evil so that no other magicks shall be used whilst within these holy walls.” The priest dismissed Lieut’s words.
“But why stop your contradictions there, Priest,” Lieut pressed his point. “You and yours condemned the Crythnin religion and massacred its followers for worshiping the Fog over The Five Gods. But yet the Prophecy of The Five states that the Gods were born from the Fog. Why condemn the religion that praises your Gods? Because you want control and any other major religion threatens that control.”
Annoyingly the priest was still smiling at him.
“Your words are those of someone lost in the darkness,” said the priest. “Please let me guide you to the light and moral righteousness.”
“So I can speak the words of a zealot?” Lieut spat. “And tell me, how moral is this monastery, really? You conduct the place like a business selling food, bedding and provision for travellers, all at exorbitant prices. I brought my friend here, near death, and sure the monks and priests are aiding her, but for a price. But what am I paying for? It is not for the restocking of potions or herbs and salves for you do not use any, you use magicks of the Fog stored in Anther crystals just like anyone else. Do not look so surprised.” A nasty smile came to Lieut’s face. “I felt the tingle of magicks the moment I laid her in the bed. So what then do you use the money for? Does it go to the sick and homeless? Of course not. The gold goes straight to the Temple of The Five in Issia to be spent on ornate objects to worship your Gods or to buy political influence with the cities’ lords and control the economy of the realm. You claim that religion is the light and based in moral righteousness, but what I see is darker than the Abyss.”
The priest shifted his weight uncomfortably from one foot to the other and glanced around for some sort of aid, but there was none.
“And let us look closer at this Monastery,” Lieut readily continued with his accusations. “I see around me both men and women, but do not expect me to believe that you are all celibate, that none of you have needs and have never shared each other’s beds. Which highlights another contradiction, you need magicks to stop pregnancy, and I see no children running around or pregnant women. But I suppose you are all just following the lead of Anduěr when he fell in love with a mortal woman and fought over her with his twin Antōre. And here I was thinking that Gods would be above the desires of love, anger and jealousy.”
The priest did not reply and continued to look uncomfortable.
“Your religion is a cruel joke,” Lieut continued. “It has swept across this land demanding subservience for salvation, control for enlightenment, and you kill all that disagree or oppose. No Priest. There is no enlightenment here, only the blind leading the blind and all having their strings pulled by the master of puppets that is religion.”
Fires burned in Lieut’s eyes as he left the monk, shocked, standing on the balcony as he moved into the under city in search of another reclusive spot where he could, hopefully, be alone.
Although it was called the under city, it was hardly a city; it did not have very many buildings and only two streets. One leading from the stairs that went up to the actual Monastery and another that ran along the length on the high roofed cavern. Along the main road lined the buildings that housed the monks, priests and travellers alike, as well as two shops and a tavern. At the point where the two roads came together at a junction there stood a huge carving of Anduěr striking a commanding pose. Every inch of the statue had been meticulously carved, from his intricate robes to his stern face that looked down on Lieut as he passed by and headed for the stairs that wound up into the Monastery.
Lieut was still fuming over the priest’s audacity to try and lecture him about religion when he suddenly realised that he had referred to Fairris as his friend. Lieut stopped mid-stride in the middle of the road before continuing on at a faster pace, his hands clenched by his sides.
“Lieut,” came a call ahead of him, making him stop again.
“Are you rested enough Vythe?” Lieut asked hastily.
“It is good to see you made it here well enough, too,” Vythe remarked sarcastically.
“Are you rested enough to teleport me?” Lieut pressed.
“Hardly.” Vythe looked at Lieut in surprise. “I just arrived and was heading to the tavern for a meal and a bed.”
“Here,” Lieut said and he tossed Vythe one of the large bags of coins and gems.
“So the dragon did have a treasure trove after all?” Vythe smile widely and dropped the pouch into one of his smaller satchels that had an extra-dimensional pocket in it. “I feel remiss not to have seen it. What of Fairris?”
“She lives, and heals,” Lieut replied offhandedly. “The monks and priests moved her to one of the rooms at the tavern where you can go and see her.”
“That is good to hear.” Vythe nodded. “I shall head there promptly. What of you, will you linger here?”
“Until you teleport me, yes,” Lieut replied quickly.
“Join me for a meal later?” offered Vythe with a genuine smile.
Lieut half nodded before turning to go. “You will teleport me tomorrow,” he called over his shoulder. “I trust you will be rested by then.”
“Of course,” Lieut heard Vythe call back as he started up the stairs. “But, where are you going?”
“This way,” Lieut replied simply before he disappeared up the stairs.
Wandering aimlessly through the Monastery Lieut headed back to the entrance hall and paused to look at the six stone pillars that held up the ceiling. Two of the pillars were carved into the likeness of the demi-gods that Anduěr created to be his faithful servants. Wooden benches were laid out in rows between the pillars, each facing the back of the hall and the dais where the head priest conducted his sermons. Behind the raised dais was another large stone statue of Anduěr looking just as dour as he had been in the under city. With only a brief recognition to the craftsmanship of the carving he continued on his wandering and was soon ascending up a wide staircase that climbed up into the top of the mountain.
At the top of the stairs he found a small tower where large bells hung in the rafters and a huge beacon fire burnt out on a balcony. Moving past the burning fire Lieut rested his hands on the stone of the terrace railing. It was cold here at the peak of the mountain where the magickal barrier to keep out the chill was weak. For some reason he liked that fact, as if it resembled the failure of the Anduěr Sect.
The clouds had mostly cleared and he could see unhindered across the mountains as Inüer began to drop below the western horizon. Again his mind drifted to the vision he had had when the dragon knocked him unconscious, and again he liked the idea of he and his brothers venturing through the lands with only them deciding what they would do next.
“Is that not what Vythe, Fairris and I are doing now?” Lieut asked the wind, before shaking his head in anger. “No, it is not the same, it cannot be the same. Vythe and Fairris are merely people I have met and would soon leave. They mean nothing to me. Then why did I say Fairris was my friend when I was speaking to the monk?”
Lieut’s frustration boiled over and he slammed his fist into the stone railing, causing it to shudder under the impact.
Lieut subconsciously stretched the stiffness out of his neck as he watched the last rays of Inüer vanish behind the western mountains, leaving the sky in a pink hue. Gradually the sky darkened and another front of heavy clouds rolled over from the north bringing with it thunder, lightning and heavy sleet. Not wanting to get wet Lieut turned from the balcony and began his descent back to the under city. Just as he took the first steps down, a spear of lightning struck the top of the tower sending the thunder rolling deafeningly through the sky.
Lieut heard many more crashes of thunder and the thrum of rain as he made his way back down through the Monastery. It became even louder when he walked into the under city as rain and wind flew in through the open balconies. The magicks around them were only designed to stop the cold, and they did to some degree, but the barriers did not stop anything else.
As he stopped at the tavern a nasty smile came to Lieut’s face when he saw one monk running away from the open cut balcony as the rain came through. The tavern which was situated right on the corner of where the two streets met, and like all the other buildings in the cavern, the tavern was made of stone, and was in fact built halfway into a huge stalagmite which had been hollowed out. He found it hard to believe that the monks carved the building, and over a dozen other similar ones, without the use of magicks. It was more likely that they built the place before denouncing magicks, or perhaps the rumours that the dwarven clan from the Gaia Vale had built the place were true.
Either way Lieut gave it little thought as he pushed through the tavern’s wooden door and into the sparsely furnished and smoke-filled bar. The large room was dimly lit with an orange glow of torches on the walls and a large fireplace to the left of the entrance. Next to the fire and along the left wall stood the bar where the barkeep was wiping an unseen spill and looking bored at the lack of customers.
Throughout the room small round wooden tables sat and at them resided a few travellers, one of which was Vythe. He sat with his feet resting on the table, his chair on only two legs. He had a mug of wine in his hand and was talking to one of the barmaids who was blushing.
Lieut moved over to Vythe’s table and took up the chair opposite him. Vythe stopped flirting with the maid when Lieut sat down.
“Be a dear and bring some water for my friend here,” Vythe said with a charming smile, and the barmaid left.
“Quite a decent establishment,” Vythe remarked, turning to him.
“If you can overlook the fact that it is in a Monastery,” Lieut replied. “Are the owners of this tavern monks as well, I wonder?”
“Most likely.” Vythe shrugged.
“A shame really,” Vythe said as he watched the barmaid return with a pitcher of water and a mug for Lieut.
“I doubt her vows will stop her from jumping in bed with you,” Lieut remarked cynically, to which Vythe laughed aloud.
“Let us not get into a debate about religion, I am too tired.” Vythe smiled, and he took another sip of his dark red wine.
“And too drunk,” said Lieut.
“I am not drunk,” Vythe replied indignantly. “Merely light-headed.” 
Vythe laughed again.
“Whatever you call it,” Lieut said with a dull expression, “go lie down before you fall down, so you may get some rest and teleport me in the morning.”
“I wondered why you were being so polite,” Vythe said jokingly, “You just want me to teleport you.”
Lieut swallowed a mouthful of water, but did not reply.
“Why is it you wish to go to Port Na’brath?” asked Vythe, leaning forward on the table. “If I may ask?”
Lieut looked sternly at Vythe but did not reply.
“Come now,” Vythe insisted, “at least tell me why I am teleporting you.”
Lieut looked back at his cup and did not reply.
“Very well,” Vythe said, “I will not teleport you then.”
Lieut’s golden eyes snapped back to Vythe, but Vythe matched his penetrating glare.
“I need to go to the Magi Guild in The Port,” Lieut finally said with an irritated expression.
Vythe cocked his head to the side. “Why?”
“To see the Grand Magi,” Lieut replied evenly.
Vythe’s eyes narrowed and he studied Lieut for a few moments, “For some reason I thought it would not be as simple as that.”
“Much in life is simple,” Lieut replied with a shrug.
“But why all the secrecy?” Vythe had to ask. “If it is that simple why keep it so close?”
“Why does it matter?” Lieut retorted. “My business is my own. I never asked you where you were going and why, honestly I do not care. All I ask is that you return me the same courtesy.”
Vythe slowly took another drink of his wine his dark eyes not leaving Lieut’s.
“I once attended the Magi Guild in The Port,” Vythe remarked offhandedly. “But I was expelled.”
“Vythe, stop,” Lieut cut in. “Stop, before you start telling me your life story.”
“I never was,” Vythe replied indignantly. “Merely trying to create conversation.”
“Don’t bother.”
Vythe shot him a smile. “Very well then, I shall depart for my bed seeing no conversation is to be found.”
“Don’t forget to take the barmaid with you,” Lieut remarked dryly, causing Vythe to laugh.
“Perhaps I will,” Vythe said and he finished his drink before swaggering off towards the stairs next to the bar that led up to the rooms.
Lieut watched Vythe leave, but not before Vythe had made a few comments to the barmaid that made her giggle. Lieut took another drink of his water before he too left, but instead of going to a room he left the tavern and wandered into the under city.

















Chapter Eleven

Burning torches lined the streets, hanging on the buildings and positioned around the base of Anduěr’s statue. But the streets were empty, all of the monks had retired early leaving the under city in a hollow state. The rain had eventually died down and was no longer blowing in through the balconies. Only the frequent flashes of lightning were seen and somewhere overhead distant thunder roared.
Lieut walked aimlessly out onto one of the balconies where a few drops of rain greeted him. The main storm had moved off to the west and could be seen swirling over the mountains to the south. Directly in his line of sight to the west the clouds had moved on and the stars and moons showed their faces, casting a silver glow over the jagged peaks of the Gaia Mountains. Even in this little light he could see the outlines of the peaks of the western range clearly as they reached into the sky.
The whole mountain range, known as the Engle Mountains, looked as if one of the planet’s tectonic plates had turned in the ground and created the mountains to slant towards the north. And they could be seen clearly with their spearhead peaks glowing white.
For the first time he realised how incredible Essinendeür was, it had so many natural wonders. Like these mountains and the floating peaks of Thienlin, home of the Snow Elves, or the burning sands of Anastarā where it became so hot that residue from the sand would combust in a green flame and turn the desert sands red.
Lieut pushed the inane thoughts from his mind, the natural wonders did not matter, only his mission mattered. Tomorrow Vythe would teleport him, he would get to Port Na’brath ahead of his brother and meet him, and together they would sort out his problem.
A sudden thought stopped him and made him rethink. His brother would not arrive in The Port for a while at least. So what would he do while he waited?
“Can’t sleep either?”
The question pulled Lieut from his contemplations and he turned to see Fairris join him on the balcony. Many bruises still dotted her skin, but there were no more welts and the cuts had healed leaving no scars. From the way she walked he could see that she was still weak, but she was forcing herself to move through the pain.
“I told you before, I don’t sleep,” Lieut said, turning back to the view.
“That’s right. You are lucky,” Fairris remarked as she leaned on the railing next to him.
Many seconds of silence slipped by and Lieut began to feel uncomfortable.
“The monks told me that you carried me here,” Fairris said quietly. “Why?”
Lieut shrugged, he truly did not know why. “Vythe asked me. You would have died if I had not.”
“Thank you,” Fairris said and she smiled at him.
Lieut looked away.
“I suppose Vythe will teleport you to The Port tomorrow,” Fairris remarked.
Lieut nodded.
“Your business must be really pressing?”
Lieut shrugged in reply.
“If it is not that pressing why don’t you travel with us?” Fairris hesitantly suggested. “At least until we are out of the mountains.”
Lieut turned to regard Fairris curiously.
“I thought I was the reason your guard friends died?” Lieut said as he studied Fairris.
Fairris looked away, her expression filled with pain. “When you first left after we escaped the prison I was glad, I was still filled with anger towards you. But now, I see that it was not you who killed them. You are no doubt caught up in the reason why they did die, but you did not kill them. Regional Commander Rathgard was the one who murdered them. And for what? Simply because my squad and I were the ones who went to where you crashed and brought you to the prison. If I ever meet him again he will know my anger, and it will be the last thing he knows.”
Lieut regarded Fairris’s mask of anger as she stared out across the mountains with curiosity. He found that he believed her declaration and he also believed she would go through with it, and he respected that.
“Rathgard was also the one who betrayed me,” Lieut remarked offhandedly.
“The Regional Commander was the one that shot down your craft,” Fairris said understandingly.
“Why do you want me to accompany you through the mountains?” Lieut asked, and he glanced towards Fairris.
Fairris looked away.
“You are a good companion,” Fairris said with a smile. “And not to mention very capable in a fight.”
Sudden images flooded Lieut’s mind, images of him on adventures. But this time he was not with his brothers, instead it was Vythe and Fairris who were beside him.
Lieut stretched the stiffness from his neck in aggravation, but the pain on the side of his head would not go away and it forced him to his knees. He could feel the warmth of his own blood trickle down his check as swirls of Fog rushed before his eyes, and he suddenly realised he was yelling. Images of his fourth brother filled his mind, the light emerald green eyes of his youngest sibling stared at him questioningly. Why had his youngest brother always had to question things? He always asked why he was following the orders. Why they were doing what they were. Why they had to complete the missions given to them. He could still see the questioning look his green-eyed brother gave him as Lieut had driven his sword through his chest.
His eyes watered as the Fog receded back into his head and the pain vanished. Lieut staggered to his feet, using the railing for support and wiped away the blood on his cheek. A sudden wave of dizziness came over him and he stumbled back to the ground.
“Lieut, are you alright?” Fairris asked and Lieut felt her trying to help him to his feet, but he pushed her away. 
“Leave,” Lieut demanded angrily and he heard Fairris shuffle back a few steps.
“No,” Fairris replied, standing her ground.
“I said, leave,” Lieut growled at Fairris, making her shrink back a few more steps, but she did not go.
“No,” Fairris insisted. “You are not well, Lieut. Let me help you, it is the least I can do after you saved my life.”
“I do not need any help,” Lieut replied as he pulled himself to his feet.
“Lieut,” Fairris said commandingly, making him turn to look at her. “The Fog is inside your head. There is no way that you should be alive.”
Lieut looked away. “I am fine.”
Fairris’s mouth hung open in shock, but she did not press the issue.
Lieut wiped the rest of the blood away from his face and looked back towards the view. His mind reflected on the moment he had plunged his sword into his brother’s heart. He had followed an order, which was what he was meant to do, not ask questions or wonder why. But then why was he so upset at the memory? Would his brother turn on him when they met in Port Na’brath? He was breaking orders by going to The Port, but how could he complete his mission when he was so confused?
Lieut shook his head and ran a hand through his silver hair. Perhaps some more time to think about his problems would not be a bad thing. Just maybe he could find some answers on the road out of the mountains alongside Vythe and Fairris. Besides, his brother would not be in The Port for some time yet, so he could either sit around in some tavern in Port Na’brath or walk the road of adventure while he waited. The choice was not that hard to make.
The first light of the day was shining on the peaks of the mountain, causing the snow to burn pale orange in the glow of Inüer. Fairris tentatively walked over and stood beside him as together they watched the beautiful sunrise. The snow-capped mountains before them and to the west burst into an orange flame as the dawn came. The white fingers of the clouds reached out of the valley and stretched into the clear blue sky.
“We should awaken Vythe if we are to depart early,” Lieut remarked as he began to head back into the under city of the Monastery.
“Does that mean you are going to join us through the mountains?” Fairris called as she skipped to catch up with him.
Lieut did not reply as he headed straight for the tavern.
To Lieut’s surprise as he pushed through the door of the tavern he spotted Vythe sitting at the same table they were at last night. To Lieut’s observation it seemed as if Vythe had gotten little to no sleep at all. The man’s eyes were bloodshot and he was staring blankly at the table top.
“You look well rested,” Lieut remarked dryly as he and Fairris sat down at the table.
 “Very droll Lieut.” Vythe looked at him and blinked slowly. “I’ll have you know that I had little to no sleep at all.”
“Preparing a teleportation spell?” Lieut remarked.
“Well that is just it,” Vythe looked down at the table. “I should tell you Lieut-”
“Don’t worry about it,” Lieut cut in.
Vythe looked up in confusion. “What?”
“Do not worry about the teleportation. I have decided to travel with you and Fairris out of the mountains.”
“Why?” asked Vythe in surprise. “You still have business in The Port, correct?”
“Yes,” Lieut replied. “But my business is not that pressing.”
Vythe rubbed a hand across his forehead and picked some sleep out of the corner of his eye.
“Very well.” Vythe yawned and stretched his arms above his head.
“I thought you would be more upset,” Fairris remarked. “Considering you spent the night preparing the spell.”
“Some things cannot be helped,” Vythe said as he scratched the back of his head.
Lieut found Vythe’s responses a bit strange, but he kept his thoughts to himself.
“We need to leave now,” Fairris said suddenly.
Vythe looked at the elf in surprise. “Not before I break my fast I think.”
“You do not understand,” Fairris quickly replied and she leant forward over the table. “The man with the blond hair at the bar is a guard from the Gaia Prison.”
Both Lieut and Vythe looked over at the man at the bar. The traveller had dirty blond hair, a three-day beard and was wearing weather worn traveller’s clothes.
“Maybe he is a guard no longer,” Vythe suggested, turning back to Fairris.
But Fairris was shaking her head. “No. His name is Liuden De’Vaan, he always took his job very seriously, and he is very ambitious. Likely he was sent after us by Rathgard along with the Head Hunters your friend Elardōre was leading. See, look at his skin. Those small bruises all over his body indicate that he has had teleporter’s pox recently. Elardōre must have left him here before meeting us along The Gaia Pass.”
“If he is a problem, why don’t you just kill him?” Lieut asked casually.
Both Vythe and Fairris looked at him in surprise.
“There is no point in killing for the sake of it,” Vythe remarked.
“If I considered him my problem I would kill him,” Lieut replied simply.
“Perhaps it would be best if we just left,” Vythe said as he stood up. “Before we are noticed or before he does become your problem, Lieut.”
Fairris readily agreed and quickly rose. Dismissing the remark Lieut joined their departure.
In short time Lieut was walking alongside Vythe and Fairris as they made their way along the road leading down from the mountains. Inüer had crested the eastern mountains and it seemed as if it would be a pleasant day. The going was easy enough as the path they took wound through the tall peaks, crossing gorges that were hundreds of miles deep. Sometimes the road went through the mountain itself with long tunnels, providing some shelter from the icy winds that were beginning to pick up.
Vythe and Fairris talked easily, but Lieut still found it awkward to converse with them. Choosing to journey with companions was a new situation for him to be in, and he was still not sure if it was a good idea.
Halfway through the morning Vythe and Fairris decided to stop for a rest and a few bites to eat in one of the short tunnels through the mountain. While Vythe and Fairris ate Lieut took some mouthfuls of water from the skin that he hung on his belt.
“I have yet to see you eat, Lieut,” remarked Vythe curiously. “And it has been over ten days since we first joined company.”
Lieut glanced at Vythe but did not reply.
“You are not a Helwyr, are you Lieut?” asked Vythe curiously.
“No,” Lieut replied. “Helwyr have white hair and yellow eyes, and more to the point they serve the Sect of Artāre, killing evil fiends and monsters. Do you really think that I would serve the religion of The Five?”
“I suppose not.” Vythe conceded. “But Helwyr are subjected to magicks of the Fog while still in the womb and as an infant. They also drink elixirs to increase their abilities, which could explain much about yourself.”
Lieut scoffed at the remark. “Next you will say that you thought me to be a Sineater from the Sect of Agnōir.”
Vythe laughed aloud at that.
“How can people believe that if you pay someone they will take your sins upon themselves so that you may find salvation?” Fairris said bitterly. “It is all a lie you know. How they make their lips look cracked and burned, it is all just makeup and illusionary magicks.”
Vythe laughed again. “Is not all religion an illusion?”
“Let’s go,” Lieut said decisively.
It seemed as if both Vythe and Fairris agreed with his statement, for they packed quickly and were soon walking briskly along the road again.
“I met a Helwyr once,” Vythe remarked as they walked along. “Her name was Rivian, Rivian of Garrald.”
“Her?” Fairris asked in surprise.
“A rarity I know,” Vythe said. “Because of the subjugation to magicks during pregnancy, the majority of Helwyr turn out to be male, and for some reason all of them are infertile.”
“You must have had fun with her then,” Fairris remarked dryly.
Vythe laughed. “I shall never tell.”
“You said she was from Garrald,” Fairris commented. “I have never been there.”
“It is a small village, west of the Grassy Downs where the Halflings seclude themselves,” Vythe happily explained. “But of course she was not actually from there. The monks of Artāre choose a home town for the Helwyr at birth, despite the fact that they are all born in the Artāre Monastery in the forest of Vhasden, in the southern reaches of Norrendōrel. Virtually on the other end of the continent from Garrald. I am always surprised at the amount of devout followers of Artāre who submit themselves to mother a Helwyr.”
“I suppose you met her in Sparren, then,” Fairris said offhandedly.
“In the Morrow Plains, east of Sparren, actually,” corrected Vythe. “We both joined a Mōrgul caravan going from Lake Ire to the north. She had finished a job from one of the Mōrgul chieftains and was recovering from some nasty wounds.”
“The clans of the Thunder Plains don’t usually allow outsiders to accompany their caravans, do they?” Fairris asked curiously.
“Not unless you can persuade them otherwise,” Vythe replied, “and that persuasion usually takes the form of gold.”
The day continued on in such a manner with Vythe and Fairris talking behind Lieut, as he walked silently in the lead. For most of the day it was pleasant with Inüer warming the crisp mountain paths, but when evening came the weather turned bad. Grey clouds rolled down from the northeast bringing with them sheets of snow and obscuring the vision of the travellers.
Lieut did not want to stop and wait out the storm, so they pushed on. The wind began to drive the snow into them making it hard to see the edges of the mountain path and sheer drop beyond, so eventually Lieut gave in to Vythe and Fairris’s desires to stop. Luckily he found a small ledge to the side of the path that was sheltered mostly by a short cliff. There they made camp, and Vythe dug a wide hole in the snow and created a fire from the Fog. Both Vythe and Fairris sat close to the fire and warmed their hands. Even though they had been casting spells of warmth upon themselves nothing could compare to a scorching fire to warm ones bones.
Lieut stood back from the fire though, not caring for the warmth of a flame, and his golden eyes looked around the small plateau. Through the haze of the blizzard he could make out the shadows of tall stones standing in a circle just ahead of him. Standing Stones, as they were called, did not concern him much, but he had always wondered why people had placed them in such a manner, it seemed an inane thing to do in his mind.
Lieut dismissed it from his mind and joined Vythe and Fairris by the fire, sitting with his back to the small cliff face, his sword across his lap.
“Fairris, before I forget, take this,” Vythe said suddenly and he pulled out a silver-banded ring with an Anther crystal set at its centre. “I acquired it off of one of the Head Hunters we met through the pass.”
Fairris thanked Vythe and took the ring, the silver band immediately shank to fit Fairris’s finger.
“Now there will be no conflict between my own ring and the crystals on Lieut’s blade when you use magicks,” said Vythe with a smile.
Fairris returned the smile before flicking her wrists to summon her twin gunblades. Unlike before when Fairris had used her Fog created weapons, this time Lieut did not feel the hunger of his sword to consume the Fog, but that was to be expected. The Fog that had created Fairris’s gunblades was being controlled by the Anther crystal ring on her finger. The crystals set on his sword only absorbed Fog that was not already in control of another Anther crystal, which was why it absorbed energy waves directed at him.
Lieut’s mind flashed back to the time he had spent learning all this information about magicks and how the Fog was used. Energy blasts were different to other magicks, when an energy wave is cast the Fog held within the Anther Crystal is released, thus allowing his sword to absorb it. But for spells that create weapons, buffs and other sustained conjurations not directed at him or still in control of the caster, the Fog could not be absorbed by his sword.
Although if the concentration of the caster of the Fog weapon wavers, it leaves the weapons vulnerable to being shattered, and if that happens the Fog that made the weapons will be absorbed by his sword.
Lieut had also learnt that a person’s skill and strength with magicks was dependant on their inner power, or natural energy flow, called Quia or Connexion. This Quia was relative to an individual’s affinity with the Fog, so theoretically even he could develop an affinity with the Fog and use magicks if he chose to.
“You people and your Fog,” Lieut muttered to himself.
“The Fog gives us strength,” Vythe replied, hearing what Lieut had said. “Our world revolves around the magicks derived from the Fog, and the weapons like Fairris’s gunblades are stronger than any metal.”
“My sword would shatter any Fog-made weapon within minutes.” Lieut stated confidently.
Vythe narrowed his eyes. “Perhaps, but as you said, your sword is made from a Zodiarc stone, and I am sure there is no other metal that would even come close to comparing.”
“The metal of a Zodiarc stone is not the only type that is stronger than Fog weapons,” Lieut replied with a shake of his head.
“What others then?” Vythe prompted, genuinely curious.
“Croxide ore from the Amber Mountains make a metal called crimson, if made correctly a weapon of that steel, imbued with dwarven runes, would shatter Fog weapons easily enough,” Lieut explained.
“I have heard of that metal.” Fairris added. “But the dwarves of the Amber Mountains keep it all to themselves and rarely trade it.”
“Mythrl, though very rare, is another metal stronger than Fog weapons,” Lieut continued.
“What Mythrl weapons there might be, are stolen away by Elves to hide.” Vythe replied. “Or locked within unbreakable vaults of kings.”
“Take it if you want it,” Lieut stated flatly. “And considering it is stronger than any Fog blade, why not?”
“Believe me, I have tried.” Vythe laughed. “Trust me when I say that those vaults are unbreakable.”
“Take it from the Dwarves or the Elves then,” replied Lieut, unblinking.
“I am not too keen on fighting my way through a legion of dwarves, thank you,” Vythe replied with a laugh.
“If you were strong enough it would matter little,” Lieut replied simply.
Vythe’s mood changed after Lieut’s remark. 
“With no regard for who you may hurt in the process?” Vythe asked seriously.
“That is life, Vythe,” Lieut replied. “The weak die and the strong live on.”
“So we should have a perpetual state of anarchy?” Vythe baulked.
“I thought that would be to your liking,” Lieut said. “How many years did you spend travelling the realms and taking what you wanted alongside Elardōre?”
Vythe paused and looked sternly at Lieut. “That was before I realised the price I had to pay.”
“Anarchy sounds like a good idea to me,” Fairris remarked absently. “No authority, a world where you have to be strong or die.”
“Even in anarchy there is authority,” Lieut replied. “The weak will quickly flock to the strong, begging for protection, and soon the strong will create an authority and enforce rules on the weak.”
“A dictatorship is your answer?” Vythe cringed. “One authority and a tyranny over all?”
“One ruler does not mean a tyranny,” Lieut was quick to say.
“And what if that one ruler is weak?” Vythe asked seriously.
“Then they will be eaten whole by those who are stronger,” replied Lieut, as if it were obvious.
“Take, for example, Essinendeür.” Vythe rebutted. “Can you imagine what it would be like if there was one king ruling all six realms? Undoubtedly the High Commission would be secretly pulling the strings of this king for their own purposes. It may seem pleasant at first and wars between realms would stop, but what if the line of the king was broken? Essinendeür would rip itself apart, each lord of each realm would all make claims to the throne and civil war would burn this world to ashes.”
“Please, enough talk,” Fairris cut in before Lieut could reply. “I am still suffering from the poison, I need rest and it is hard with you two arguing.”
“My apologies Fairris,” Vythe said sincerely. “But here, drink this. It should help. It is a healing potion I, let us say acquired, from the Monastery.”
Fairris chuckled slightly before she swallowed the green liquid in the small vial in one gulp. Thanking Vythe, Fairris then turned over to find some sleep.
“Vythe,” Lieut said, grabbing the man’s attention. “Political control comes and goes, but one thing will always remain: the weak die and the strong survive.”
“That may be so Lieut,” Vythe conceded, “which is why the strong need to protect and aid the weak.”
Lieut did not reply, despite his disagreement. 
“I too, need rest.” Vythe yawned. “Are you alright to take the first watch?”
Lieut looked away in reply, and Vythe made himself comfortable as he curled up close to the fire.
It was a strange thought to Lieut that Vythe believed that the strong should protect those who are weak. How could someone even think like that?
Always he had been told that you needed to be strong, to be powerful, so that you would not die. By helping the feeble you only achieved in weakening yourself.
So why did Vythe say that the strong should protect the weaker people?
Lieut clenched his teeth and forced away his confusion, all were weak except for him. As he stretched away the stiffness in his neck his mind flew back to the day he had led an army through the Sentrin Gate and laid waste to the southern capital of Cir’ben.
Like an embodiment of strength and power they stormed across the northern plains of Syn’is and brought fire to the city of Cir’ben, which was now only known as the Old City Ruins. An army came to greet them in front of the city walls, but they fell like the weaklings they were. The southerners stood no chance as he and his brothers burst through the city gate, burning everything in their path. The army they led flowed through the streets like a black tide, raping and looting as they went. The weak fell at their feet on that glorious day.
Suddenly Lieut could remember more clearly the screams of the dying, the groan of the buildings burning around him, and the crying of the women and children.
Lieut felt as if he was back at that battle, the fire burning all around him, he could feel the heat on his skin. His face was streaked with dirt and sweat. His muscles ached from days of fighting. In his hand he held his sword, the blood still fresh on the blade. The smell of burning flesh filled his senses, making his eyes water.
The smoke of the burning city filled the sky, turning the light red, like blood. He heard the protest of stone as a building tumbled, and a scream that was silenced by a falling brick. Rain began to fall, cleaning away the dirt on his face and blood from his sword.
Then just as suddenly as the images had come to him he was looking back into the fire and at Vythe and Fairris who still slept by it. A light snow was falling and accumulating on his shoulders and lap, melting in his hair and burying him. A lot of time must have passed whilst he reflected on his past victories for it was dawn and Inüer was already brightening the overcast skies in the east.




Chapter Twelve

Lieut wiped away a trickle of blood that was making its way down his cheek from the deep gashes at his temple, and standing up he shook the snow from his shoulders and hair. He thought about waking his companions, but changed his mind and walked across the small plateau towards the standing stones that occupied it.
Amid the Standing Stones Lieut brought his sword up before his eyes and smiled at its beauty. The sword would likely be considered heavy by most, but not to him. It was nearly ten centimetres wide at the handle, the blade stretched out roughly a metre and a half from the hilt, tapering off on a slight curve to the tip. The metal was black with a sliver shine along its razor-sharp edge and the cross-piece was wide and crafted from silver. As the crosspiece connected in the middle of the blade it wound around an Anther crystal before continuing a few inches down the black metal of the blade in a spiral. The handle was of soft black leather and with a silver pommel carved into the likeness of a great roaring lion’s head with more Anther crystals for the eyes, which seemed to burn with inner fires.
The large sword moved like a feather in Lieut’s hands as he worked the blade in wide arches and sweeps, always turning with the motion and always on the balls of his feet. He spun in a twist before cutting back in the other direction with cuts and stabs, switching hands and reversing his grip on the handle in fluid motions, which made it seem as if his sword was twirling around him. Lieut had been taught that the movement of your feet was the most important part of swordsmanship, and his feet were dancing across the top of the fresh snow, kicking flakes into the air. As the snow swirled around him, he went into a spin and with each cut of his sword he carved a snow flake in half. Tirelessly Lieut turned and darted as if he were battling an unseen opponent, and with each sweep of his great sword he caused the snow to swirl about him. Down low he went, his sword turning above his head and around his shoulders, the tip of the blade creating small cuts in the snow. With a balanced uppercut he was standing again and continuing his dance. Suddenly he stopped his movement and stood still, his eyes closed and his sword in one hand by his side. Slowly the swirling snowflakes returned to their lazy descent to the ground. Lieut let out a deep breath and returned his sword to the clips that were seamlessly built into his silver shoulder guard.
“Incredible,” someone breathed.
Lieut did not need to look to know that it was Fairris, but he turned to see the elf sitting by the fire near where Vythe still slept looking on in amazement. Lieut did not respond, and he turned back towards the Standing Stones.
“I have never seen anything like your style of fighting before,” Lieut heard Fairris say as she stood up, her feet crunching slightly on the snow as she walked over to him.
“Where did you learn?” asked Fairris.
Lieut turned to regard her, but still he did not reply.
“Please,” Fairris insisted. “If I can learn where you were taught, then maybe I … maybe I can …”
Fairris’s voice trailed away and still Lieut did not reply, but he did regard her closely.
“You can what?” Lieut asked when Fairris still had not continued.
Fairris sighed deeply and looked back at him, her blue eyes locking with his. “Then I can become a great warrior, to become stronger, like you.”
“Why?”
“What does it matter?” Fairris shot back, fire simmering in her eyes.
Lieut studied Fairris closely for a few minutes. “I cannot tell you where I was taught.”
Fairris’s shoulders slumped a little. “Can you teach me then?”
Lieut nearly laughed aloud at the question. “I have never taught anyone anything.”
Fairris let out a deep breath, her face marked with such pain that Lieut suddenly felt rueful. With her head drooped Fairris turned and began to walk back towards the fire.
“Wait,” Lieut found himself calling to her.
Fairris turned back towards him, a slight sparkle in her eyes.
“The best way to learn and to become better is to practice,” Lieut said awkwardly as he looked at the Standing Stones around them.
“And how do I do that?” Fairris asked curiously.
“By sparing with an opponent,” Lieut replied, still purposefully not looking at Fairris.
“You would spar with me?” Fairris asked, her tone showing her excitement and surprise.
“Yes, I guess I will,” Lieut said hesitantly and he looked at Fairris. “But do not think that it will be easy. When training, you fight like it is a real battle. So expect to be hurt, for I will not grant you any special treatment.”
Fairris hesitated slightly, but she firmed her jaw and nodded.
“First blood from a cut ends the fight,” Lieut said seriously as he drew forth his sword.
Fairris drew in a steady breath and her ghostly Fog-made gunblades appeared in her hands.
As soon as Fairris’s blades formed, Lieut lunged at her, his feet moving quickly and his sword arm moving quicker. In three short slashes he had Fairris on her heels, and in just another three more slashes into her blade he slipped his sword through her defences and sliced her on her hip.
Fairris winched and jumped away from him, but the sparing session was over, Lieut had defeated her.
With her gunblades dissipated Fairris examined the cut on her hip. Lieut knew it was not deep and if he had wanted to, Fairris would not be walking now.
“Incredible,” Fairris said as she wiped away the blood and cast some minor healing magicks on the cut. “I have trained nearly all my life and yet you were able to defeat me in five seconds.”
“You need to stay on your toes and move your feet more,” Lieut said simply. “Only luck saved you from losing more quickly.”
Fairris shot him an indignant look. “I will do better this time,” she replied with determination and her weapons came to her hands again.
A slight smile came to the corner of Lieut’s mouth as he lunged at Fairris, the tip of his sword leading the way.
Fairris did better this time, whether it was because she had only just woken up last time or that she had now found her rhythm, Lieut could not tell. But it mattered little. He quickly worked her blades high before cutting low across her thigh. But his blade did not scratch flesh, rather there came a blue flash and his sword skipped by without drawing blood.
Fairris jumped at his surprise and went on the offensive, apparently thinking she had an advantage, but he moved quicker than Fairris, blocking her attack and countering by kicking her heavily in the gut and sending her backwards into the snow drift.
“I warn you now Fairris,” Lieut said angrily, “if you ever use magickal buffs again, these sparing sessions are finished. Only the weak use buffs, those who can never be true warriors and perpetuate their own weakness by using the Fog to enhance their abilities.”
Fairris was coughing as she tried to regain her breath, but she nodded.
“You move so quickly,” Fairris remarked once she had gathered herself, “Your sword clearly weighs a lot and yet you wield it as if it were made of air.”
“That is because it is a real weapon,” Lieut replied. “Not one made of Fog that weighs nothing. If you practice with a real sword its weight will soon seem normal to you, and you will be stronger for it.”
“I can make my gunblades weigh more,” Fairris suggested, “so to imitate a weapon made of steel.”
Lieut nodded in agreement, and fought away a smile he felt coming to his face. He was glad when Fairris’s Fog weapons came to her hands so that he might try to force away some of his frustration and confusion.
Now that Fairris was wielding heavier weapons he defeated her twice as easy, and she quickly fell back with a line of blood across her collarbone. To her credit Fairris acknowledged her defeat before trying again.
But there was no way that Fairris could defeat him, Lieut had single handedly destroyed armies. Sure enough, he defeated Fairris within seconds with her falling back with a line of blood on her skin. Fairris was quick to ready her blades for the next duel, and Lieut happily obliged her.
Their battles continued on for many minutes, but from the exertion of the sparring, along with Fairris keeping her concentration on her weapons and casting minor healing spells on herself, it was obvious to Lieut that she was getting tired.
Only a couple of seconds after Fairris summoned her gunblades again it was over completely. Lieut shot the tip of his sword ahead aiming for Fairris’s eyes. She managed to cross the blades in front of her face to block his attack, but as soon as the strike connected Lieut pirouetted low and swept Fairris’s feet out from under her. Fairris landed in the snow, her gunblades disappearing.
Breathing heavily Fairris looked up at Lieut and shook her head in exhaustion. To his surprise Fairris forced herself to stand and conjure her weapons again.
“That is enough,” Lieut said.
“I can continue,” Fairris growled back through clenched teeth.
Lieut shook his head. “You will gain no benefit while fighting in exhaustion.”
Fairris let her weapons dissipate and she slumped to her knees, sucking in deep breaths.
“You two make more noise than an avalanche.”
Lieut turned to see Vythe sitting by the fire watching them while he ate.
“But I always enjoy some entertainment whilst I break my fast,” Vythe remarked with a smile. “Although, I am more partial to some pleasant music, rather than the clash of metal and gasps of pain.”
Neither Lieut nor Fairris replied as they walked back to the fire where Vythe was sitting.
“Those markings are new,” Vythe observed as he looked closely at Lieut’s sword.
Lieut looked down at the flat of his blade where brightly coloured ruins had begun to show on the black metal.
“When the sword absorbs enough Fog the runes glow,” Lieut shrugged and he returned the blade to his shoulder.
“Remarkable, they are not like any runes I know of,” Vythe remarked curiously, “Do you have a name for such a fine blade?”
Lieut shot Vythe a curious look and shook his head. “It is a sword, why would it have a name?”
“All great weapons have names,” Vythe replied as if it were obvious. “Take my double-ended spear for example.” As Vythe spoke a six-foot long Fog spear formed in his hands with a long thin blade at each end. “I have never come across anyone able to create the same spear of the Fog. So it must be unique, and therefore deserves a name, and I have called it ‘Yārnrd’.”
“Is that supposed to mean something?” Lieut asked, a dull expression on his face.
“It is dwarven for ‘lancer’,” Vythe replied indignantly. “And you may look suitably enamoured because you know well that Dwarves protect the secrets of their language, along with all else, very well. And you will also find it surprising that I know the Dwarven language.”
Lieut fixed Vythe with a bored expression and did not reply.
“Well I am impressed Vythe,” Fairris said honestly.
“Thank you Fairris,” Vythe said and his spear vanished. “Your gunblades have names too no doubt?”
Fairris nodded and her twin weapons came to her hands. “The left is ‘Fomalhaut’ and the right ‘Vāga’.”
For the first time Lieut noticed that there was a slight difference between the two weapons. The blade of Vāga was more curved while Fomalhaut was straight, also the barrel and handle of both weapons was different.
“So, does your sword have a name Lieut?” Fairris asked, her twin weapons dissipating.
“No, it is a sword, a tool of a warrior,” replied Lieut. “Although, this blade is a part of me and if it is stolen I will die trying to retrieve it.”
“Such a weapon is deserving of a name,” Vythe remarked seriously.
“Do your boots have names or the rings on your fingers? Of course they don’t. The sword is mine and that is enough,” Lieut replied firmly as he rose to leave. “It is time to go.”
Vythe and Fairris did not argue as they gathered their things. Vythe extinguished the fire with a wave of his hand and Lieut led them from the small outcropping back onto the mountain path.
The Gulesian Highroad that ran through the Gaia Mountains Pass continued in much the same fashion as it had done previously. The wind bit at Lieut’s flesh and blew the snow into his face. Although the cold was no worry, the constant falling snow was becoming an annoyance. The wall of heavy snowflakes obscured his sight and made the trek longer than anticipated as it increased in ferocity. The snow storm continued for another couple of days, forcing the trip to a virtual standstill. During the times when it was at its worst they were forced to stop completely for they could not see the path in front of them. Having nowhere to go they sat down where they were and Vythe conjured a Fog fire. Lieut noticed that despite their abilities to cast warming spells upon themselves both Vythe and Fairris were looking cold, to the point where Fairris was visibly shivering. But the ever resourceful Vythe had an answer for the cold and he pulled forth two thick fur cloaks from one of the pouches at his belt.
Lieut was surprised at first when he saw the two cloaks come out of the small pouch, but he knew the answer.
“An extra-dimensional pouch,” Lieut remarked, and Vythe shot him a smile. “Hard to find a vendor that sells those. Who did you steal it from?”
Vythe laughed. “Galleraze has many treasures, if you know where to look.”
“I have a third cloak, if you want it, Lieut,” Vythe continued.
Lieut shook his head.
“Why am I not surprised?” Vythe quipped.
“Surely you must feel the cold Lieut,” said Fairris, holding the fur cloak tightly around her shoulders.
Lieut did not reply.
“But that does not make any sense,” Fairris exclaimed. “How?”
“Still you persist with the questions that you know I will not answer,” Lieut replied irritably.
Fairris looked as if she was about to object, but Vythe cut in.
“Come now Fairris, we need to accept that our friend is simply peculiar,” said Vythe. “Perhaps he has an unbelievable control over his body temperature. Or maybe the reason why he does not feel the cold is due to a disease he suffers from, and is too embarrassed to tell us.”
Lieut did not bother saying anything.
“Perhaps it is the Layprin disease,” Fairris remarked, joining in on Vythe’s jibe. “I hear that is a terrible thing to contract. All your senses gradually go numb to the point where you cannot even feel the breath you draw in.”
Vythe was nodding in amusement. “Or could it be the result of sleeping around too much when he was younger, and not protecting himself from the sexual diseases carried by the unclean? It’s not Pugis, is it?”
Vythe looked at him with a disgusted expression, and Fairris laughed.
“Enough,” Lieut demanded angrily, which only caused both Vythe and Fairris to laugh harder.
“We jest, my friend.” Vythe laughed.
Lieut glared at them both. “The storm has eased. Let’s go.”
Still laughing Vythe and Fairris joined Lieut as he started off along the road again. The storm had barely lessened, but it was enough for Lieut to see the path ahead of him. By that evening the blizzard had practically stopped, and only light snowflakes fell around them. Vythe and Fairris had both decided to continue wearing the thick fur cloaks and as the night fell around them they sat by the fire hugging their shoulders closely. The clouds had disappeared by now, leaving the skies clear and the stars and moons to twinkle down upon them.
“Look,” Fairris pointed to the sky, “the stars are crying.”
Lieut and Vythe looked to the heavens to see ribbons of illuminations weaving across the sky, turning from a lime green into a deep blue before shifting through the colours of purple, pink, red, yellow and then back to green.
“The Summerset Aurora,” Vythe remarked, “an accumulation of Fog high in the air.”
“Look at the depth of colour,” Fairris replied. “It foretells a warmer than typical summer.”
Vythe and Fairris continued to talk lightly about the coming season and other such things, but Lieut was not listening. His sight and mind was completely enchanted by the Summerset Aurora. He had never seen anything like it before, it was incredible. The Aurora hypnotised him as the ribbons danced back and forth, intertwining and becoming one before ripping apart into several, all the while shifting colour and appearing as if the skies were burning.
Sitting down with his back to a rock and his sword across his lap, Lieut continued to gaze into the Summerset Aurora. Soon Vythe and Fairris stopped talking and drifted off to sleep, leaving him to take the watch, as usual. For the whole night Lieut stared into the sky, watching the colourful ribbons of light burn through the heavens, until the dawn came and they disappeared into the day along with the stars.
As Inüer glowed brightly in the clear eastern sky Lieut decided it was time to rouse his travelling companions. Fairris was practically awake already and insisting that he and her have another sparing session while they waited for Vythe to rise.
Fairris lost as quickly as the times before and it was not long until she was exhausted. By the time they finished Vythe was wide awake and so they continued on down the mountains.
The day was clear and the wind crisp. Long white fingers of cloud drifted up from the gorges and valleys and dissipated into the sky. By the afternoon the clouds had formed and once again they were pelted with snow. Thankfully it did not become too heavy and they pushed on through the snowstorm.
The heavy clouds and mist hung around for the better part of the trek, bringing with them spasmodic blizzards and sadly preventing Lieut from seeing much of the Summerset Aurora during the nights. But the snow did not stop Fairris from pestering him to spar with her, and if she had improved any it was very minimal. The only thing that Fairris seemed to have learnt was to better take a hit. He was somewhat pleased to see that her endurance was notably improving at least.
With the clouds and snow hanging around all the time it prevented him from seeing the views across the land and also from noticing the change in terrain. It came as a surprise to them all when they seemed to be suddenly surrounded by tall pines and ferny undergrowth.
That night they camped under the bows of a giant pale pine, a common tree in the Gaia Mountains, its grey trunk over six-feet wide with roots that spread wide and deep. Both Vythe and Fairris found the nooks between the roots to spend the night in relative comfort. Lieut was content to just rest against a boulder as he caught glimpses of the Summerset Aurora through the branches of the pine trees.
The next day brought a break in the overcast weather and gave the promise of an enjoyable day. After Lieut and Fairris practiced their swordplay they set off along the road.
Compared to the trails through the mountains the road here was easy to walk along, it was only a dirt road, but wide and with tall pines lining the edges. Tufts of grass poked their way through the top soil of the road and around the rocks. Although the recent snows had made the road muddy for the most part the trek was easy going. As such they were making good time, and Lieut believed that they would be down from the mountains within a couple of days.
When they broke for lunch Fairris again asked Lieut to spar with her, which he obliged, and he started to realise that he enjoyed these moments of sword play with Fairris.
“It is a good thing that minor healing spell of yours prevents scarring, Fairris,” Vythe remarked once Fairris had exhausted herself. “It would be a shame if Lieut’s blade were to slip.”
“I do not slip,” Lieut quickly shot back.
“No, I don’t suppose you do,” replied Vythe, studying him closely.
When Fairris had regained her breath and healed her cuts, they set off again. As always Lieut took the lead and Vythe and Fairris fell into step behind him.
The afternoon continued on exactly how the morning started, with blue skies and a warm light from Inüer and a cool breeze racing through the trees prevented it from getting too hot.
Not long after they had stopped for a rest Lieut spotted some movement ahead on the road. Three men were in the process of lifting a wagon that was stuck in the mud on the side of the path. The wood of the wagon was old and half rotted with hundreds of wood worm holes all over it. The canvas was in tatters and seemed to be growing mould. Even the iron bolts and supports looked as if they were nearly rusted through. As soon as Lieut had seen the men and wagons he was suspicious, and his fingers tingled in anticipation of a fight.
“Greetings travellers,” called a large hairy man with thick arms and a thick chest.
It was clear enough that this man was a native of Gaianaus, with his thick black hair and sharp blue eyes, and even his voice was thick with the accent of the northerners.
“Well met,” Vythe returned the greeting. “In a spot of bother are we?”
“Not at all,” bellowed the burly man. “We will have this wagon out in no time.”
“Perhaps a new wagon would be a prudent investment,” suggested Vythe.
The stranger laughed loudly. “Only too right, but we won’t need it once we get to the Monastery.”
“Of course.” Vythe smiled back, but his eyes were hard.
“Good day friends.” The burly man nodded to them. “I am sure we will meet again.”
“I have no doubt,” replied Vythe stiffly.
Still eyeing the large man suspiciously Lieut departed down the road with Vythe and Fairris close beside him.
“They were bandits,” Lieut remarked, once they were far out of sight of the men at the wagon.
“Yes, I think they were,” agreed Fairris seriously.
“We should have just killed them,” Lieut stated flatly.
“Let us hope they saw how formidable you were and it will not come to that,” Vythe replied sternly.
“Why are you so opposed to killing, Vythe?” Lieut felt compelled to ask.
Vythe looked at him curiously. “Everyone has a right to life, Lieut.”
“That does not mean they have a right to keep that life,” Lieut replied quickly. “Everyone makes choices, and if they are prepared to kill then they should also be prepared to die.”
“Not everyone chooses to be where they are in life,” Fairris added. “Not all who are bad are inherently evil, and for many it is the situations that they find themselves in which force them to make bad choices.”
“Perhaps,” Lieut conceded. “But let us say someone steals food because they cannot afford it, and they soon find out that they are good at it so they continue stealing. Do they stop when they have what they need? Of course not, they choose to continue stealing, and will now kill to keep what they have taken. Maybe that person did not start out as inherently evil, but now, through their own choices they are as such.”
“Not all are that way,” Fairris remarked quietly, causing Lieut to glance at her curiously.
The path had begun to wind down the decline and the forest had become more over grown with ferns and other shrubbery. Moss grew on the rocks and mushrooms grew at the base of the trees and fallen logs, and a creek bubbled as wildlife was noisily going about its day. The well-used trail twisted down the hill and dipped into a small dell where a stone bridge crossed over a stream and at the other side of the ford the path continued up into the trees.
As Lieut passed the midway point of the bridge he noticed that the birds had become quiet and the rustles in the bushes were too heavy for an animal. Two men crested the hill at the other end of the basin, one a thin and sickly looking half-elf in dark robes and black hair, and the other a burly man from Gaianaus, the same man from the broken wagon.
“What a remarkable coincidence,” called the big man.
“So much so that it strains credulity,” Vythe called back, his voice sour.
The burly man burst out laughing and slapped his belly. “You sir, have a wit about you.
“No use trying to fight,” the burly man continued. “Your Fog magicks are no use now, see my dear friend Orinno here has cast a globe of void over you. He is so good with void magicks and hexes.”
“Do you always have to tell people that, Barnore,” huffed the thin half-elf.
“It’s true,” Barnore protested.
“I know it is,” said Orinno. “But I like to have an air of mystery about my magicks, is that too much to ask?”
“Well, no,” the bigger man said apologetically, “I’m just proud of you is all.”
Orinno smiled. “That is nice of you to say.”
“Well I am,” Barnore insisted.
“Come on!” someone yelled from the trees.
Barnore looked surprised. “Right, to the task at hand.”
The big hairy man looked down at them. “Perhaps I should introduce myself more formerly. My name is Barnore de’Turin, opportunist, profiteer, philanthropist and a ruggedly good looking individual.”
As the man finished he went into a low bow and came up with a wide smile on his face.
“You are nothing more than a murderous bandit,” Fairris spat back, her eyes burning.
Barnore smiled wider. “Indeed I am, and unfortunately for you three I am also a slaver this day.”
Lieut sneered, thoroughly fed up with the situation, and wishing he had already killed the man. He took a step forward. Suddenly a crossbow bolt ricocheted off the stone in front of his foot.
“I would not do that my friend,” Barnore remarked. “All my men are dead eye shots.”
“I am not your friend,” Lieut sneered back.
The sickly half-elf laughed. “Quite a lively bunch these ones.”
“Much more than the other ones.” Barnore nodded in agreement.
“Shall we head to Lancer now?”
“I think you are right, Orinno,” said Barnore. “These three will get us some nice coins, especially the elf.”
“She is quite pretty isn’t she?” Orinno agreed, causing Barnore to scowl at him.
“Is she now?” growled the big man. “Perhaps I will have to make her less pretty. My fist will fix her, and you, if your eyes continue to wander.”
Orinno suddenly cowed and sheepishly submitted.
“Enough,” Lieut growled and he drew forth his sword quicker than any of the archers could shoot him.
Lieut heard the click of the crossbows and he dove into a forward roll, causing the bolts to bounce off the stone. As he came to his feet he skilfully deflected two more arrows and then darted towards the two men up the path. But before he moved two more steps his vision blurred as a wave of energy slammed into him from Orinno’s spell. Lieut’s sword would not absorb the magicks for he was still within the sphere of void. He had no defences against the magicks and darkness took him.
****************************************************
No cold steel and bright monitors with flashing lights and dials filled the dark room. The usual silence was filled with noise of the waking city and to the east the sun was beginning to rise and send glowing rays through the tall buildings.
She was sitting at a round metal table relaxing and enjoying the morning at the terrace park of the tall building. It was the perfect spot to soak up the morning sunshine, and with her apartment only a block away it was also convenient. Air cars moved by her as they quietly took people to work or brought them home after a busy night.
She sighed and sipped at the hot beverage she was warming her hands around. She would be starting work soon and was glad of the time she could spend just sitting and relaxing.
“Good morning,” her friend greeted her as she sat down opposite, similarly drinking from a paper cup.
Her friend was also wearing the same uniform as her, and had her hair tied up in the same fashion. If it was not for her friend’s features she could believe that she was looking into a mirror.
“Ready for another day?” she asked light-heartedly.
“Death take me, no,” her friend rolled her eyes. “How was your weekend?”
She sighed. “What weekend?”
“The Commander still has you working long hours?”
“With the abnormalities Number One is still suffering from he has me double checking all of them over and over, as well as constantly running analysis on Number Two and Three.
“What about you?” she asked tiredly. “How are the mission parameters forming?”
Her friend smiled wide. “They are going good. Latest intelligence explains secret tunnels through the city and into the Guild.”
“Really?” she said in surprise.
Her friend nodded excitedly and took a drink from her cup. “Hopefully it will be executed without any problems unlike last time.”
“Do you know what went wrong last time?” she asked curiously.
Her friend suddenly looked sheepish. “I am not supposed to talk about Number One’s mission, nor the details of the failure.”
She nodded, expecting as much.
“But I will say this: it was indeed the High Commission and one of their Regional Commanders,” her friend said with a sparkle of mischief in her dark grey eyes, “and they are now claiming that we betrayed them.”
“Do you think it will be a problem?” she asked, a concerned expression on her face.
“Probably not.” her friend shrugged. “Our emissary will smooth things over no doubt.”
A loud bell rang throughout the city, grabbing their attention.
“What? Is that the time?” her friend exclaimed. “We should get going.”
Her friend got up and hailed a cab with a wave of her hand.
She joined her friend in the back seat of the cab and looked out of the car’s window to watch the buildings fly by. The cab took them through the city, up around the buildings, sometimes even through the structures. They passed by the huge stadium, which held the weekly championship matches; this weekend was the second round of the championship. Sadly she would likely miss it and the Commander would have her continuing with her work. Personally she had never been very successful in the championships and she was always eliminated in the first few rounds.
“Take Cloud Way and through the Emister Building,” her friend instructed the brown-haired cab driver.
“Dawncast Drive is always slow around this time,” her friend remarked to her.
Several minutes later the car flew through the large building and out the other side where a huge towering structure greeted them. It was the tallest and widest in the city and was where they were heading.
“Here we are m’Ladies, HQ,” the driver said as he pulled up to the docking bay of the tower.
She and her friend paid him a small amount before exiting the cab.
As they walked out into a large terrace fore court, which was halfway up the building, she and her friend joined the crowd of people that wore the same uniforms as they moved into the HQ building.
“Yet another day,” she remarked despondently as she walked through the doors.
She said farewell to her friend before checking in at the desk and heading to the lifts that would take her to the floor she worked on.
The lift ride was quick and soon she found herself in the room where her station was located.
Cold steel and bright monitors filled the dark room each with flashing lights and dials, each designed for a specific purpose and at each of them someone sat, staring at the dials and lights. In a room full of sounds of machinery and technology it was hard to believe the level of silence. Not a word could be heard from the individuals watching the screens so intently, their focus was fixed which they had learnt to not let slip from their tasks.
Discipline had been drilled into them since they had first set foot in the world, the weak fell and the strong continued on. Only the best survived in this world, and here they were, in a small room staring at monitors, such menial tasks set for warriors of great skill. After years of brutal training they had reached great heights of physical and mental ability, and yet here they were sitting in front of a data screen, their faces stamped with boredom.
She sighed again as she turned her monitor on and began work, how she longed for these days of peace to be over and for the days of war to be upon them.


















There is real evil in this world. Pure and unadulterated evil. Such manifestations have been seen in history in the likes of Gildon the Deceiver, and can be seen in the many monsters that roam our lands. But the evil I see daily is not the Drowners, Necrophages, Grinlocks, or other foul beasts that I am hired to kill, but the murderers, rapists and molesters that infest our world. Too often have I witnessed a child molester being acquitted because the victim is too scared to speak up. Too often have I seen families slaughtered and the killer walk free because he was hired by a lord. Too often have I seen rapists walk away from the law with a smile on their face because they are the son of a nobleman and their victim was only a poor village girl or elf. I have seen preachers scream that we should place our faith in The Five and our sins will be absolved through repentance, but those same preachers are later found in bed with a crying child. It is not the beasts in the wilds that are evil, it is us, we are the monsters.
Killing Monsters by the Helwyr Drizzen of The Dale






Chapter Thirteen

Year 3630, the Fifth Age, the twentieth day of Summer

The sound was distant at first, but it grew louder through the darkness until it was banging in his ears. It was the sound of wood and chains and rocks. As his mind cleared he realised that he was lying down, but strangely the ground kept bumping him around. Lieut tried to open his eyes but his mind was still too addled by the hex Orinno had cast on him. Lieut tried to move, but again it was of little use, his limbs were heavy and his movements sluggish.
Stubbornly he growled away the extreme lethargy and tried to move into a sitting position. But just as he moved there was a great jolt and he felt himself fall. His flight ended quickly with the impact of rocks and dirt. Suddenly he felt a tug on his arms and he was being dragged across the rocks. Out of desperation he forced his heavy eyes to open, and his legs to move to make him stand, so as to not be ripped to pieces by the rocks.
As he started to get his feet under him he felt a strong hand grab him under the shoulder and help him to his feet. As soon as he found his feet he shrugged away the help stubbornly. But without the support he nearly tumbled back to the ground. Somehow he kept his feet and soldiered on, stumbling over the rocks. As his mind cleared and his eyes adjusted he came to realise the predicament he was in.
His wrists were in magickal chains that were attached to a wagon in front of him. To his right both Vythe and Fairris were in a similar arrangement, and they were not the only ones. The convoy was at least five wagons long, ahead of him were two wagons where the slavers were resting and at the wagons behind were more victims of Barnore and Orinno, similarly chained as he was.
“How long was I out?” Lieut asked Vythe.
“Two days,” replied Vythe solemnly. “Fairris and I were beginning to worry for you.”
Lieut looked to Fairris, and noticed that her face was bruised and beaten. She had a black and swollen cheek, and her lip had been split as well as her eyebrow. Fairris looked away when she noticed him staring at her.
“What happened?” Lieut asked seriously.
“Barnore was true to his word when he said he would make me less pretty,” Fairris replied stiffly. “Orinno joined in as well.”
“He didn’t-”
“No,” Fairris interrupted him. “They only beat me and wondered if Zirarien bled and felt pain like them.”
Lieut clenched his jaw angrily and balled his fists so tightly that his knuckles turned white from lack of blood. Angrily he tugged at the magickal chains.
“It is no use,” Vythe remarked dryly. “The half-elf Magi has used a hex to bind the magickal chain to the wood. Cursed hexes and void magicks, there is a reason why it has been an illegal form of magicks for nearly three thousand years, ever since the dark times of Gildon.
“That is why his spell hit you, Lieut,” Vythe continued. “The sphere of void stopped your Anther crystals from working, but such an anti-magicks globe does not stop the use of similar void spells and hexes. And the same cursed sphere is around us and the other captive’s wagons.”
“Kill the Magi, break the void sphere,” Lieut muttered, his jaw firm.
“There is no escape Lieut,” Vythe replied in surprise. “We will be sold as slaves in Lancer several days from now.”
“There is always an escape,” Lieut retorted. “If you have a will to do something, and the means to do it, there is always a way to see it done.”
“What means is there?” Vythe said bitterly. “Your sword has been taken from you, and unless you know a hex spell or other void magicks more powerful than Orinno’s, you cannot escape, and that is assuming you will be able to connect to the Fog through the void sphere, which I cannot even do. There is no escape.”
 “Watch me,” Lieut said as he turned to Vythe, his eyes cold. “Before you realise I will be free of these chains, I will have my sword and Barnore, Orinno and any other slaver that gets in my way will be dead.”
Vythe shrunk back from him then, a concerned look on his face.
Shortly the wagons pulled off the main road and went down a grassy descent to a wide green clearing next to a flowing river. The wagons all stopped and the slavers began to jump down and begin to set up camp.
Lieut waited patiently, his breathing steady, his expression calm and his mind focused on the slaughter that was to come. A pair of slavers moved towards him, chatting merrily between them.
“Bastards,” Lieut called to them impassively and he spat on the closest slaver.
“You scum,” the man swore at him. “I see you are awake just in time to get your face smashed in.”
The man rushed towards him, fists balled. As the slaver was about to swing, Lieut struck first, kicking the inside of the man’s leading knee, making him drop to the ground. As the man fell, Lieut’s hand shot out and slammed the slaver in the throat, sending him falling to the ground unable to breath.
The slaver’s companion looked at Lieut in shock before drawing his long sword and swinging at him.
Lieut smiled as he stepped under the swing, allowing the blade to be stopped by the chain that connected to the wagon. As the sword hit the chain, Lieut quickly grabbed the man by the arm and pulled him forward, driving the tip of the sword into the wood of the wagon just beside the chain and slamming the slaver’s head into the side of the cart. The impact of the sword split the wood and broke the hex conjuration that bound the magickal chain to the wagon.
As soon as the chains dissipated he ripped the sword free from the wood and sprinted off, looking for the man who had claimed his sword. Luck was with him, for the very next slaver he saw had his sword, but the large man also saw him.
“Alarm!” the large slaver screamed as his hand went to the hilt of Lieut’s sword.
As Lieut sprinted he quickly reversed the grip he had on his acquired long sword, anticipating the slaver’s attacks. As predicted the larger man brought his sword down in a powerful cleave. Lieut dropped to one knee as the sword came for his head. With ease he deflected the heavy swing and spun up from the ground, slicing the inside of the slaver’s thigh in the process. As he completed the lightning fast pivot he reversed the grip on his sword again and drove the tip deep into the slaver’s chest.
Lieut let go of the long sword and ripped his own blade from the dying slaver’s hands, kicking the man to the ground.
It happened so quickly that only now had the rest of the camp realised that one of the prisoners had escaped. By now Lieut was racing towards Barnore, his eyes burning with bloodlust.
Barnore saw him coming, but it was too late, Lieut was already upon him. As the man turned wide-eyed towards Lieut, he swung the blunt edge of his sword into the man’s crotch. In the same momentum he let the crosspiece slam into Barnore’s face, shattering the man’s nose. With a twist of his wrist the razor-sharp edge ripped across Barnore’s gut, opening skin and spilling entrails. As he finished he slammed his heel into the slaver’s chest, sending the man tumbling to the ground, his intestines covering the grass around him.
A scream from the side tore his attention from the satisfaction of the kill, and he looked to see Orinno looking on with tears streaming down his face.
“You!” Orinno screamed, his sadness turning to anger. “I will rip the skin from your flesh. I will make your blood boil and your eyes melt. I will make you feel the pain of a thousand tortured men until you beg for death.”
“Best get started than,” Lieut interrupted coldly, causing the Magi to scream again.
Orinno’s face was white with anger as he sent a torrent of hexes and energy waves towards Lieut. But each time Lieut just slapped them aside with his sword, never taking his eyes from the slaver. Orinno was clearly not thinking, since they were both outside the influence of the void field, for the sickly half-elf just screamed all the more and sent more hex and void spells towards him. Each time Lieut simply slapped them aside and let his sword absorb the Fog within the magicks.
By now Lieut could feel the energy tingle within his sword, and see the fierce glow of the runes down the flat of his blade. He focused his mind into the sword and made the accumulated Fog build into a singular attack.
When the next hex came at him he knocked it high, absorbing the Fog and forcing the energies in the blade to release. The edge of his sword glowed white hot as he quickly swung it down. As his sword hit the ground a burning gold light burst forth from the arch his sword had made and raced towards Orinno. The blade of energy ripped through the grass and dirt and plummeted into Orinno. The Magi managed to cross his arms in front of his face in some form of defence, but it mattered very little. As the blade of light hit Orinno the man exploded in a shower of blood and bone.
Lieut sucked in a deep breath and sat down on the lush green grass. He could hear that the other slaves had realised their freedom when Orinno’s magicks ended with the Magi’s life, and they had now begun to rip apart the remaining slavers with whatever weapons they could find.
He stretched the stiffness from his neck and rubbed a hand across his brow. In truth he knew that he should not have used his weapon skills on such a meaningless target, and he knew that it would be some time until enough Fog had been absorbed for him to use it again. But he had felt enormous satisfaction seeing Orinno burst apart. A smile came to his face as he noticed the bits left of the Magi littered around the small crater, and his smile widened further when he heard the dying coughs of Barnore behind him.
As Lieut stood up and returned his sword to its clips the fighting had ended and he saw Vythe and Fairris jog towards him.
“No escape, right Vythe?” Lieut smirked.
“I could not be happier to be proven wrong.” Vythe smiled back, but his expression soon changed as his looked around the area. “What happened to the Magi?”
“He’s around,” Lieut replied with a smile. “Over there. A bit of him here.”
“I guess you are not going to say how he was eviscerated?” Vythe said with a curious expression.
Lieut shook his head and shrugged.
“The bruises on your face seemed to have rapidly healed, Fairris,” Lieut remarked as he looked at the elf.
“One of the other slaves is good with healing magicks,” Fairris replied with a smile. Although, the split skin could still be seen on her lip and above her eye, and one of her cheeks was still a bit swollen. “Come on Lieut, the other captives wish to thank you.”
“No,” Lieut said suddenly and began to head back to the road.
“Wait, Lieut,” both Fairris and Vythe exclaimed as they raced to catch up with him.
“The night is nearly upon us,” Vythe protested. “I do not understand.”
“Stay if you wish,” Lieut replied as he pushed through the trees and walked up the incline to the road. “The road is flat, there will be no trouble walking at night.”
“Are you so opposed to being thanked?” asked Fairris in surprise.
“I did not do it for them,” Lieut quickly replied, striding up the last couple of metres to the dusty road.
“Well I am going to stay the night,” Vythe declared as they all stood on the road. “I had never any intentions of going to Port Na’brath anyway, and in fact was going to head for Lancer. Though I am glad it will now not be as a slave.”
Lieut stopped and turned to Vythe. “As you wish,” he decided. “But I will have you teleport me now, if that is the case.”
“Alright, but it will have to wait until tomorrow,” Vythe replied and Lieut narrowed his eyes. “It has been a long day Lieut, I have been walking for miles. I am tired and drained of energy. Wait here until tomorrow.”
“No,” Lieut cut in. “I will not be delayed any longer. If you want to stay so be it. But I will not linger. Someone in Midway will no doubt be able to teleport me the rest of the way. Farewell to both of you.”
“Wait, stop!” Fairris yelled before either of them could move. “Is that it?”
“Is what it?” Lieut asked.
“After what we have been through together we are going to part ways just like that?” Fairris asked in disbelief.
“People come and go,” Lieut replied simply. “I never asked for company.”
“That is what I thought,” Vythe remarked flatly. “We were just a means to an end for you. You travelled with us from Galleraze because it suited you, just like now. You killed the slavers to free yourself, if it had only been Fairris and I that had been captured you would have done nothing, am I right?”
“Then why would he save me by carrying me to the Monastery?” Fairris asked Vythe before Lieut could reply.
“Because Lieut thought I would teleport him no doubt,” Vythe replied simply.
“Have you both finished?” Lieut asked seriously. “I did what I did for my own reasons, none of which I feel obliged to tell either of you. So, now I am leaving for Port Na’brath, if either of you wish to come fine. If not, farewell.”
With that he turned from Vythe and Fairris and walked briskly towards the west. He heard Fairris call after him to stop, but he paid the calls no heed and he continued walking, his eyes unblinking.
Not several minutes later as Inüer glared him in the face Lieut heard the light steps of someone running to catch up with him. Glancing over his shoulder he could see that it was Fairris, and only Fairris. Soon she was beside him, breathing heavily from the run and they exchanged looks but neither of them said anything, and they walked side by side into the setting sun.
It was soon night and without a word uttered they both moved from the road and under the branches of some trees. Fairris lit a fire from the dry wood and around it they both sat, staring into the flames.
Lieut rested up against the trunk of a tree, his sword across his lap.
“Why did you follow me?” Lieut asked Fairris curiously.
Fairris looked up from the fire, a surprised look on her face before she looked away and shrugged.
“I still aim to be your equal in battle,” Fairris replied unconvincingly, looking at the fire.
“No,” Lieut stated. “By now you realise that skill comes through practise, and you could have just as easily sparred with Vythe. Why did you follow me?”
“Why does it matter?” Fairris snapped back. “You never speak of your motives, so why should I speak of mine?”
“Fair enough.”
Fairris shot him an exasperated look, but she did not say anything and she turned over to go to sleep.
Lieut dismissed it and turned back to the fire to get lost in its hypnotising dance. He would have looked to the sky and watched the Summerset Aurora but it could only be seen in the mountains. So for the entirety of the night he sat and watched as the fire slowly died and dawn came.
The next day brought with it a strong wind that blew in from the west, flying along the wide valley between the Gaia Mountains and the Yineth Grasslands. As Lieut and Fairris set out, the wind was blowing squarely in their faces, making them hunch into the walk as they strode along. As what seemed to be becoming a usual thing, he and Fairris had once again fought it out that morning in a mock battle, and as usual Fairris was easily beaten.
Later that morning they came to the crossroad where the Gulisian Highroad met the Boarder Pass. The Pass was a stretch of flat and dusty road that ran along the border between Cientrasis and Gaianaus and led to the Lawless city of Lancer in the east. But Lieut and Fairris were heading in the opposite direction of Lancer, and their sights were set on the western horizon.
“We are now moving from the wild lands and into the Endress Vale,” Fairris remarked casually as they moved through the crossroad. “The Forest of Endre is to the south.” She pointed to the line of trees to the left. “And this whole valley is patrolled by the soldiers of Midway. Well, to this crossroad at least. Will any patrols be a problem, Lieut?”
 “I doubt it.” Lieut replied. “What makes you think they will?”
“I just assumed,” Fairris remarked. “Considering you have admitted to being caught up in the affairs of the Regional Commander like me, and we both escaped the Gaia Penitentiary.”
“If any try and arrest me I will kill them and be on my way,” Lieut replied offhandedly. “They will quickly realise that they live longer if they do not try and stop me.”
Fairris shot Lieut a stunned expression, but she did not say anything and they continued on down the road.
This stretch of the Boarder Pass was a lot different than on the other side of the junction they had just passed. Here the lands were cultivated and farmed, green pastures and rows of crops filled the wide vale, right up to the edges of the Endre Forest. Little villages occasionally met them along the road, but they were filled with suspicious eyes and turned shoulders.
Lieut realised that even if he was inclined to stay the night in a soft bed he would find no welcome in any of these hamlets. The folk here had grown naturally cautious of wanderers, which only seemed the normal thing to do living so close to the wilds.
They also passed a few tired faced guards, but they gave them nothing more than a passing concerned eyed. No doubt most of them were retired soldiers, who were clinging onto the only form of control they could. It was likely that if any sort of fight would occur they would be less than useless, and would turn tail and run like all the others. It was also evidence to the fact that the Regional Commander must have kept Lieut’s escape from the prison, along with Fairris and Vythe, a secret for he saw no recognition in the eyes of any of the guards, nor any wanted posters on the village billboards.
Lieut and Fairris came across a couple of quiet townships with quaint names and populations less than one hundred. They both agreed that it would be better not to linger within them, even if it were only to stop for a rest.
Around midday they moved from the road to find some shelter from the gusty winds underneath a wide bushy tree where Lieut sat down on one of the gnarled roots, and Fairris occupied another.
“Did you know that this land used to be occupied by Halflings?” Fairris asked after she finished a mouthful of food.
Lieut took a swallow of water and shook his head.
“It did,” Fairris continued. “Long before Midway and Lancer were ever built. It was called The Vale during that time, and all the farmland you see was worked and harvested by the little folk. Remnants of the underground housing are more evident towards the foothills of the Gaia Mountains to the north.”
“Why did they leave?” Lieut asked, though he was not that interested.
“It is said they left when the Gulisien Highroad came through and the Boarder Pass and the Road to Lancer were paved,” Fairris replied. “The history book would say that it was because they did not like sharing their lands and were angry that wanderers constantly travelled through it. But that is not true. They were forced out by Men, big folk from Midway who wanted the rich farming lands for their own, or ruffians from Lancer who wanted a halfling-sized slave, or for the mere fact that the Halflings are peace-loving folk and were easy to push around. They left because of the greed of Men.”
“I did not think that teachings in Elestarl would encompass the history of Halflings,” Lieut remarked.
“My father taught me,” she replied softly and she looked down at her hands. “Before he and my mother were killed.”
“We should go.”
“Wait,” Fairris said suddenly, and she summoned a Fog dagger to her hands.
Fairris then turned to the tree and began carving a small symbol into the bark.
Lieut noticed that there were half a dozen other carvings in the trunk, all different and many faded.
“This is a Wander Tree,” said Fairris in reply to his questioning look. “Travellers and Rangers should always carve their initials or coat of arms into the bark, it is good luck, and is a tradition.”
Lieut looked at her curiously before looking at the mark she had just finished carving into the bark. It was simply her name in elven with Lieut’s underneath.
“Even the Essinendeür Rangers have marked this tree,” Fairris said, pointing to an ancient marking in the wood. “I suppose you know who they are.”
“Mercenaries.” Lieut shrugged as they left the bows of the tree and walked back onto the road.
“They are now,” Fairris said as she caught up with him, “but they were not always so. When they were first started by the Ranger Renith in the Second Age, their purpose was just to aid the simple folk and protect them from beasts in the wild, asking only for a warm bed and a hot meal in return. But now they have become corrupt and greedy like the rest of the world, with excessive prices that pay more for the name than the service.”
Lieut absently nodded his head, not really listening to what Fairris was saying. Fairris seemed to realise that he had not been paying attention to her and fell quiet.
The rest of the day continued on in much the same fashion. They passed a few farming homesteads and one or two villages, and every time were met by suspicious folk. By the evening the wind was still blowing strongly into their faces and sending waves through the long grass on the side of the road.
That night they decided it would be best just to camp at the side of the road and save them the hassle that would no doubt come if they tried to rent a room in one of the villages.
In the night the wind died down and clouds rolled down from the mountains, bringing light rain with them. It was lucky that they had camped beneath a cluster of trees, but even so they were soaked by the morning.
Heavy clouds lingered throughout the day, with distant rumbles of thunder to the north and the occasional flash of lightning. Lieut and Fairris continued their swift walk along the Border Pass through the drizzle, finding shelter when they could.

















Chapter Fourteen

The next day brought an end to the rain and blue skies greeted them in the morning. As always Lieut did not sleep during the night and woke Fairris early to be on their way. Fairris woke in a good mood and after she had a bite to eat they began their typical early morning sparring session. Lieut noticed that Fairris’s high spirits aided her during their mock fight as the elf attacked and defended with more enthusiasm and lasted longer than she had done previously. But it was starkly obvious that Fairris’s overall skill level had only slightly improved. It would be a very long time yet until she would ever be close to his level of ability, if at all.
They set out shortly after the sparring session with Inüer shining at their backs. The farms around the area had become less and the terrain had become rockier as the road moved along the foothills of the Gaia Mountains. Ahead of them a staircase of water gushed down from the mountains and carved into the earth causing the road to move down a gentle hill and across a long stone bridge, before winding back up onto the flat on the opposite bank. The creek was the beginning of the Yorna River that ran to the south and emptied into the ocean at Port Na’brath. Along the banks of the Yorna grew great green trees that crowded the waterway, but on the other side of the bridge the bank was wide and flat where there were only rocks and grass. As Lieut and Fairris moved from the bridge a trio of travellers came from the top of the hill ahead of them.
Lieut instantly recognised one of the travellers, the bald head and shoeless feet of the Head Hunter Elardōre was a sight not many would forget.
“Not him again,” Lieut grumbled, not slowing his pace. “How is he even alive?”
“My wayward fugitives,” beamed a tall man with short black hair and blue eyes. 
The man wore a dark green uniform with a darker overcoat and across his breast shone the silver wolf of the Gaianaus coat of arms. Atop both shoulders were metal guards, similar to the one Fairris wore, except this man had several lines of rank upon both of them.
“Rathgard,” sneered Fairris, a dark cloud coming to her features.
“So you are the Regional Commander of Gaianaus,” Lieut remarked as both groups of travellers stopped, several paces from each other.
The Regional Commander nodded his head slightly.
“It was you who shot me down?” Lieut asked seriously.
“I gave the order, yes,” replied Rathgard evenly.
“You admit the betrayal?” Lieut’s eyes narrowed.
“The betrayal was from you and yours,” the Regional Commander snapped back. “What did you expect us to do? Your arrival was not agreed upon.”
“Kill first, ask questions later.” Lieut clenched his jaw. “How weak.”
Rathgard pinched the bridge of his nose and took a deep breath. “It no longer matters, communications have been made and our people have come to an agreement. Did you not hear about that? I have not come to interfere with you, but to tie up loose ends.”
“What?” the soldier beside Rathgard asked in surprise.
Lieut recognised this soldier as Liuden De’Vaan, the same guard they had seen at the Anduěr Monastery.
“You charged this man with treason yourself, Regional Commander,” Liuden argued.
“Enough,” Rathgard commanded, and the guardsman bit his lip.
“Yes, enough with the talky-talky and chitter-chatter,” Elardōre whined. “Can’t we just kill the bloody elf and Vythie already?”
“Indeed,” agreed Rathgard.
Elardōre let out a triumphant laugh, but his mirth soon turned to anger. “Hey, where in the Abyss is Vythie?”
“In Lancer by now, no doubt,” Lieut said as he drew his sword from its clips.
“Curse him!” Elardōre screamed, and a large Fog battle-axe appeared in the man’s hands.
“Why do you fight?” Rathgard cut in, a look of confusion upon his face. “I just told you that the conflict between us is resolved.”
“You destroyed my craft. Marooned me in a forest,” Lieut replied evenly. “This wound on my head is a result of your foolishness. Nothing is resolved between us. Only blood pays for blood.”
“But we are working together,” Rathgard blurted out in fear. “You fool.”
Lieut took a step forward, his golden eyes unblinking, and Fairris right beside him with her gunblades in her hands.
“Rathgard is mine,” Fairris growled her lips tight.
“Kill Fairris, Guardsman De’Vaan, and that Captaincy is yours,” Rathgard commanded Liuden as he backtracked away.
Liuden visibly sighed and summoned a sword and shield to his hands.
“Isn’t Regional Command more to your liking, Liuden?” Fairris asked, causing Liuden to look at her curiously, a hint of a smile in the corner of his mouth.
Lieut turned his attention solely on Elardōre who was looking at him wildly.
“You’re surprised I am alive?” the bald man asked him, nodding his head quickly. “I would not be if it were not for luck. When that cursed Vythe knocked me from the cliff I lost all consciousness and believed meself a goner. But then I awoke, stiff and cold and lying in snow, but alive.” The man’s eyes became distant. “With just enough strength in me to cast a warming spell I managed to stay that way. I then returned to the Regional Commander. Why you ask? ‘Cause I was hired to kill you, and kill you I will.”
“I am waiting,” Lieut replied and a thin smile came to his face.
Elardōre’s eyes widened and the corner of his mouth began to twitch. The strange man let out a maniacal scream and lunged at him with his axe.
Lieut easily deflected the swing and countered, but Elardōre turned out to be more cunning than he had anticipated. The bald man swept low and flung a handful of dirt at Lieut’s face as he rose. Lieut quickly twisted away from the cloud of rock and dust and darted back inward. Their blades locked together before them and they glared at one another.
Suddenly Lieut felt the push from Elardōre increase tenfold and he struggled to hold his footing, the Head Hunter was using magickal buffs to enhance his strength. Lieut beared his teeth in anger and flexed his muscles, pushing back against the weight of Elardōre’s attack. Just as Elardōre tried to push back Lieut twisted to the side, causing the Head Hunter to fall forward.
Elardōre managed to drop into a roll to regain his balance, but Lieut was upon him in a flash. Just as Elardōre turned to face him, Lieut drove his sword through the smaller man’s face. But what remained was only an after-image conjuration of the Head Hunter.
Lieut quickly turned around just in time to see the real Elardōre attack him. Only his lightning fast reflexes saved him and he backpedalled quickly, his sword picking off each of Elardōre’s attacks. Metal called out in a constant thrum and he moved quickly to regain a strong attacking stance, but Elardōre saw the advantage and did not relent.
Out of the corner of his eye Lieut saw a flash of energy from Fairris’s fight and a magickal shard scorched towards him. As the ball neared, his sword sucked up the Fog and Lieut turned the power towards Elardōre. Although it was not that strong the blast was enough to send the Head Hunter back a few steps and allow Lieut to set his feet in a correct fighting stance.
Lieut pressed towards Elardōre, his sword slashing and darting at the Head Hunter. This time it was Elardōre’s turn to retreat from the onslaught of strikes. Lieut then went into a spin his sword flying at Elardōre at every conceivable angle. Staggering on his heels Elardōre desperately defended against the blur of attacks, a look of fear came across the man’s face and he began to whine.
Lieut could see his victory. Elardōre was at the point of simply using the flat of his wide axe to defend the attacks. With every blow the Head Hunter let out a grunt or wail, and with every ten blows five would slip past Elardore’s defence and bite into skin.
The Head Hunter could see the end coming, Lieut could tell. In an act of desperation Elardōre threw a ball of energy towards him. Lieut smirked for as soon as the wave left Elardōre’s hand it was absorbed by his sword. Once again Lieut sent the power of the Fog towards Elardōre.
The Head Hunter staggered backwards and fell onto his backside, a bewildered look on his face. Lieut was quick to seize his chance and his sword slammed under Elardōre’s chin. But once again his blade hit nothing but the ghostly form of Elardōre.
Suddenly his legs buckled as Elardōre’s shoulder charged into the back of his knees, sending his tumbling to the ground and his sword jarring from his grasp.  Twisting onto his back Lieut turned in time to see Elardōre’s axe descend towards him. As quick as the blink of an eye, Lieut’s feet shot up and caught the blade before it blasted into his chest. Elardōre snarled and put more weight into the attack, gnashing his teeth and growling madly.
Lieut’s hand moved blindly around the area where his sword had tumbled, quickly trying to find the handle of his weapon. Just then his fingers felt the lion’s head pommel of his sword and he clutched onto it tightly. With a smile he swung his sword towards Elardore’s head, but suddenly the bald man was flying over the top of him.
Lieut was quick on his feet, his sword in both hands, just as Vythe raced past him.
“Elardōre is mine,” Vythe said coldly, his dark eyes fixed upon the bald man who was jumping to his feet.
Lieut was about to protest, but he changed his mind and decided to let Vythe resolve the issues between him and Elardōre by himself.
Lieut looked to see if Fairris had finished with Rathgard yet, and he was disappointed to see that she had not. He shook his head and walked towards Fairris’s battle just as Vythe and Elardōre began theirs.
As Lieut headed towards the battle, Fairris raced towards Rathgard’s lackey, Liuden. The guard was slumped to his knees looking exhausted, several metres in front of Rathgard who looked as if he was amidst the preparation of drawing in the Fog’s power to create a ball of energy.
Lieut was completely taken by surprise when Liuden cupped his hands and launched Fairris over his head to catapult into Rathgard, Fairris’s gunblades leading the way into the Regional Commander’s chest.
They both tumbled to the ground, Fairris screaming and her weapons firing an endless stream of magickal bullets into Rathgard’s body. Blood and bone showered into the air covering Fairris in gore, but she continued to fire until all her anger was played out.
Fairris stood up, breathing heavily, her face set with grim satisfaction. Liuden also jumped up, apparently not so exhausted, a smile across his face. That smile disappeared when Lieut levelled the tip of his sword inches from the man’s throat.
“Lieut, wait,” Fairris called out, before he could decapitate the guardsman. “Let him live.”
Lieut looked at Fairris curiously, her face and hair covered in blood and bits of skin and bone.
“We have an agreement,” Fairris said to his questioning look. “He is not our enemy.”
Lieut continued to look at Fairris curiously, but he lowered his sword and Liuden let out a sigh of relief.
Suddenly an explosion sounded behind Lieut and dirt and debris showered down. Lieut looked to see Vythe and Elardōre with their weapons locked, glaring at each other. They broke apart for a split second before engaging again with a flurry of attacks. Elardōre was now wielding two smaller axes and getting the upper hand against Vythe and his spear.
Elardōre knocked Vythe’s defences high and blasted him in the chest with a ball of energies. Vythe flew backwards up the hill and spun in the air to land on his feet. As soon as Vythe landed and looked back at Elardōre the Head Hunter launched one of his axes towards Vythe. As the weapon flew through the air it turned into a ball of magicks leaving a trail of Fog in its wake. Vythe blocked the attack with his spear, causing the energy to explode in a cloud of Fog, but as soon as the first attack hit Vythe, Elardōre threw his other axe. This too turned into a ball of magickal energy, and this time Vythe jumped unnaturally high into the air, his spear spinning above his head. Elardore’s attack blasted into the ground and exploded just as Vythe descended towards Elardōre.
The Head Hunter looked exhausted and all Elardōre could do was cross his arms across his face as Vythe slammed down a few feet in front of him. As Vythe landed he drove the tip of his spear into the ground, sending a wall of dirt and grass through the air and a wave of energy into Elardōre.
As the dust cleared Lieut saw Vythe kneeling upon a small podium his spear still in the ground. Around Vythe’s small stand a wide and shallow crater could be seen carved into the earth. Not surprisingly Elardōre also stood on a small podium of grass amid the crater that had carved around him. Amazingly in the air around them both floated the chunks of earth and rock that had been ripped up when Vythe had attacked.
Elardōre laughed in a high-pitched tone and his large axe once again appeared in his hands. But Vythe moved quickly and spun towards Elardōre, ripping his spear from the ground in the process. Around the tip of Vythe’s spear a large clump of earth had formed and Vythe swung it with all his strength into Elardōre.
The Head Hunter’s axe disappeared from his hands as Vythe’s earthy cudgel blasted into the man, exploding in a shower of dirt and sending Elardōre tumbling to the ground.
With a wave of his hand Vythe sent the clumps of dirt and rock that floated in the air spinning towards Elardōre. Every time the Head Hunter tried to stand a clump of earth or rock sent him back to the ground. With a stream of crude curses Elardōre continued to try and stand in vain. Finally the Head Hunter’s attempts were stopped forever when Vythe made a motion with his hand that caused the rocks and dirt to group above Elardōre’s head before tumbling down atop him.
As the final rocks tumbled down around Elardōre, Vythe let out a deep breath and collapsed to his knees, his spear vanishing from his hands.
Lieut, Fairris and Liuden slowly walked over to where Vythe was kneeling, though the guardsman was a bit more hesitant.
“That was incredible,” Fairris remarked as she knelt beside Vythe and helped him to his feet.
“I thank you.” Vythe smiled as he brushed the dirt from his trousers and sleeves. “I do not apologise for stealing your fight away from you Lieut. I had to kill Elardōre myself.”
“It matters little,” Lieut said with a shrug.
“Who is this?” Vythe asked Fairris nodding towards Liuden. “The guard from the Monastery?”
“Yes,” replied Fairris. “His name is Liuden De’Vaan, we were acquainted at the prison when we were both guards there.”
“Simple guard no longer,” Liuden declared with a smile. “I will be Commander of the prison now, and very possibly the new Regional Commander soon.”
Vythe did not say anything and studied Liuden closely.
“Hopefully you will bring the prison some much needed improvement, Liuden.” Fairris strained a smile.
“That is what I intend,” Liuden replied with a nod. “I shall start with reinstating your rank Fairris, and the ranks of your fallen friends. None of you should have been branded as traitors.”
Fairris looked away from the guard. “Thank you. Do you leave for the prison immediately?”
“No,” replied Liuden. “I think I will join you to Midway and rest at the inn first, it is not far from here.”
“If you must.” remarked Vythe flatly. “Shall we be off then? I think I should like to reach the Midway Inn before dark, so I may receive some much desired rest.”
“Decided to accompany me, Vythe?” Lieut asked.
“No.” Vythe shook his head, but a smile came to his face. “I decided to go to The Port, so if you are going in the same direction perhaps we can travel together?”
Lieut smirked. “If you must.”
Vythe laughed at that and joined Lieut as he headed from the dell and back onto the road. The dusty track wound up from the low area next to the river and onto wide flat grasslands. The Gaia Mountains stood high in the north as did the Yineth Uplands to the south. The road stayed close to the river Yorna before it turned towards the south and got lost in the trees. More farming lands passed by between them and the Gaia Mountains with fenced paddocks and large houses near the foothills of the peaks. The land rose and fell before them and Inüer began to blind them as it fell towards the western horizon.
“Vythe, what is the history between you and Elardōre?” Fairris asked curiously. “There seemed much hate between the two of you.”
“I have told much of our past together already,” Vythe replied sadly. “We were once friends, but he betrayed me and killed someone very close to my heart. He then decided to frame me for the murder.”
“Was he always so insane?” Liuden asked.
“No,” replied Vythe as he glanced over his shoulder at the young guard. “He became that way after we escaped from the Void together. Before that day he was as normal as the next man. Together he and I made names for ourselves as the greatest thieves in the known world. We stole from the vaults of kings and the archives of Aierthian.”
“Wait,” Liuden interrupted. “You snuck into Aierthian? How? And what do you mean you escaped from the Void?
“One question at a time.” Vythe smiled, seeming to enjoy the guard’s astonishment. “Yes Elardōre and I snuck into the city of Aierthian. But how we did it I will keep a secret.”
“But Drakkas Etherian sealed the city himself so he and the other Magi could work without the kings demanding that they share their secrets.” Liuden baulked. “It is said great stone golems guard the gates and Drakkas placed a magickal field over the entire city. You can only get in if you have been personally invited by Drakkas.”
“All you say is true,” Vythe said to Liuden, still smiling. “But Elardōre and I did it. As for your second question, we ventured into the Void entirely by our own volition. It had been a slow year and our popularity was diminishing so we were looking for an amazing exploit to boost our status, and it just so happened we heard of a group of Magi that had opened a stable door into the Void. As it turned out it was quite a foolish idea. For we soon became lost in the endless cloudy plain of the Void, only by luck we managed to escape. It was soon after that when Elardōre began to become strange, and I announced that I wanted a break for a while and returned to Port Na’brath. Evidently that did not sit well with Elardōre.”
“Incredible.” Liuden laughed. “I have never heard of this before.”
“You have heard of the legendary thief Vorn, no doubt?” said Vythe shooting a sly eye towards Liuden.
“Well of course I have,” Liuden replied, then his mouth fell open. “You don’t mean to say that you are Vorn? But you must be. Well this is incredible.”
“Vorn was in fact two master thieves: Elardōre and I. I do trust you will keep it a secret?” asked Vythe, a smile on his face.
Liuden nodded eagerly. “Of course I shall. And to think I grew up hearing the legendary feats of Vorn, and here I am meeting him. Well, half of him.”
Vythe wore a wide smile as they pushed on into the coming evening and light conversation continued to flow among the group.
But Lieut did not join in.




















Chapter Fifteen

Inüer vanished below the horizon and the first of the stars began to come out one by one. Veiled at first, but as they walked on with still no sign of Midway the stars became brighter and the night became darker.
Just as Vythe and Fairris were discussing stopping for the night the road fell away down a gradual slope before it led into the village of Midway.
The town was not much bigger than the hamlets Lieut and Fairris had passed through previously, but because of its location Midway had a much inflated fame. This was because Midway was situated exactly where the borders of realms Gaianaus, Sesserrech and Cientrasis met, and the town was built to accentuate this fact as much as possible.
Long stone walls moved along the line of the borders of the three regions and at the centre stood a tall tower. The tower and walls were nothing compared to a big city, but the inhabitants were proud of their iconic location and village design. Between the long walls dozens of houses were built and many paths twisted between them. At the base of the tall tower sat the largest building within the town, and as it was it was also the tavern, it was another aspect for which the town was famous.
At the beginnings of the town it was just the tavern, only known for having soft beds and excellent tasting ale. It was called the Midway Inn, and from those humble beginnings the town had grown, and now was only known as Midway. But the tavern was still held in high regard and was indeed the only thing that kept the townsfolk together.
Lieut did not stop at the top of the hill to admire the peculiar architecture; he led the group down and into the village. Midway had hundreds of travellers moving through the town so the folk only gave them a passing curious glance as Lieut walked by.
The tavern was bustling with commotion and music when they entered. A large fire burned in the corner next to the stairs that led up into the tower where the rooms for rent were located. A long bar sat directly across from the entrance with many stools in front of it. Behind the bar, shelves of bottled spirits, wines and beers were stacked and above them were the three coats of arms that bordered the town.
There was the silver wolf on a green field for Gaianaus, the golden eagle on a sky blue field of Sesserrech and the red dragon on a yellow field of Cientrasis.
Around the room were dozens of wooden chairs and tables where the customers sat, and directly to the left as they came in and to the far corner on the right, were passageways that led under the walls to the other bar rooms of the Midway Inn.
It was fairly crowded this evening, and no doubt most of the customers were patrons from the village, but Lieut did note several groups of rough looking travellers, a few off duty guardsmen, and a lone dwarf staring into his mug at the bar.
Vythe took the lead as they entered and led the group to a table in the corner.
“Shall I order?” Vythe asked as they sat down.
“Nothing for me,” Liuden said stiffly. “I think I shall have an early night.”
The guard said no more and moved quickly to the bar to rent a room.
“He left quickly,” Vythe quipped. “You will want water, I suppose Lieut. What of you Fairris?”
“Same as you,” Fairris replied with a shrug.
Vythe nodded and headed over to the bar where he began to talk with the waitress who was there.
“Liuden really did leave quickly,” Fairris remarked as she watched the guardsman head to the rooms.
“Better for him, and better for us,” Lieut replied simply.
“I suppose you are right,” Fairris agreed. “After everything that has happened I guess he is only thinking of his own wellbeing. It probably will not do him well to be noted as being in our company should more trouble come our way.”
Lieut did not reply as he continued to observe the tavern and the occupants within.
“Lieut,” Fairris said after a few minutes, grabbing his attention. “What did Rathgard mean when he said that he was on the same side as you?”
Lieut looked at Fairris calmly, completely expecting such a question after Rathgard had foolishly blurted it out.
“He meant what he said,” Lieut replied simply.
“Are you working with Rathgard then?” Fairris pressed suspiciously, “Is that why you are heading to Port Na’brath?”
“Before today I had never met Rathgard,” Lieut replied honestly, “and I am heading to The Port for my own reasons. What does it matter anyway?”
Fairris looked at him in surprise. “Rathgard destroyed my life, had my friends and I imprisoned for treason simply because we were the squad that brought you to the penitentiary. I would have you tell me what you know of Rathgard and his actions.”
Lieut continued to look at Fairris calmly, unblinking. “As I said, I had never met Rathgard, and I travel to The Port for my own reasons.”
“Are you working with the High Commission then?” Fairris persisted.
Lieut rubbed his brow with annoyance. “What if I am? It is no concern of yours one way or the other.”
Fairris looked at him in puzzlement, but she did not say anything else.
Vythe returned with three drinks then and he sat down at the table.
“Am I interrupting anything?” asked Vythe curiously when he noticed the tension between Lieut and Fairris.
Lieut looked away and took a swallow of water from one of the clay cups that Vythe had brought with him.
“Fairris?” Vythe looked to the elf.
“Just before the fight, Rathgard claimed that he and Lieut were in league together,” Fairris explained, her eyes never leaving Lieut’s.
Vythe looked at Lieut curiously. “And are you?”
“As I told Fairris,” Lieut said slowly and deliberately, “I had never met Rathgard before then.”
“Well Rathgard was a Regional Commander and a member of the High Commission,” Vythe reasoned aloud. “Is it they that you are in league with?”
“Enough,” Lieut said irritably. “Who I ally with or not is my own business.”
“Perhaps I should tell more of the High Commission,” Vythe replied with a serious expression on his face.
“Spare your breath, I know all the relevant details,” Lieut replied angrily.
“But what is relevant is not always true,” Vythe was quick to reply. “All the High Commission is, are a group of individuals that seek to manipulate each realm so they may get the greatest profit. Every realm has a Regional Commander on the High Commission, and those members weave their lies into the ears of the region’s lords and kings. Twisting and turning the decisions of the rulers to suit their own selfish desires.”
Vythe took a sip of wine. “It is my belief that it is the High Commission’s ultimate goal to bring all the realms under their rule.”
“None of what you said is news to me, Vythe.” Lieut looked at Vythe blankly.
“You know this and yet you continue your allegiance with them?” Vythe narrowed his eyes.
“I never said I did,” Lieut snapped back. “Both of you chose to infer that yourselves. I detest the fact that you two make presumptions about my allegiances.”
With frustration Lieut shoved his seat backwards as he rose from the table, coincidently knocking his cup to the ground in the process and causing it to shatter on the floor.
“Then why would Rathgard say such a thing?” Lieut heard Fairris ask Vythe as he left the table and walked over to the bar.
“I think you will be paying for that cup you broke,” the barkeep said to Lieut as he sat down on a stool near the dwarf who was heavily drunk.
Lieut glared at the barman, causing the man to back away.
“A cup of water, barman,” Lieut demanded.
The barkeep hesitated for a second but poured him a cup anyway, this time in a pewter cup.
“Water?” Laughed the dwarf, looking over at him, beer foam saturating his beard. “What kind of softy drinks water?”
Lieut looked at the dwarf curiously, his dirty blond hair and beard was wild and coarse, his arms and chest thick and muscled. The dwarf’s booted feet dangled above the floorboards as he slouched in the bar stool with over a dozen empty mugs around him.
“Someone that does not want to end up like you,” Lieut replied simply.
The dwarf burst out laughing and slammed his fist into the bar top, sending the mugs flying.
“You’re alright for a big fella,” smiled the dwarf, his eyes shining under his bushy eyebrows. “I’ll buy you a drink.”
“No.” Lieut replied sternly.
“Danno, where in the Abyss are you? Danno?” the dwarf called out loudly and the barkeeper came running, wiping his hands furiously on his apron.
“What is it Bārdin?” asked Danno. “Confound it all, there be no more drinks for you this night. You be a good smithy for this town I will grant you that, but this be the last time I will be letting you drink yourself blind.”
Bārdin slowly looked up at the barkeep, drool running down his beard, “I was wanting to buy me friend here a drink,” the dwarf said slowly.
“And I said I did not want one,” Lieut cut in, causing both of them to look at him.
“There is the cursed dwarf!” yelled a man from the doorway, and he walked briskly through the crowd accompanied by four large friends.
The man’s face was dirty with bits of dried blood on his cheek and forehead, his arm was in a sling and his expensive clothes were ripped.
“Remember me you little imp?” the man sneered at Bārdin.
The dwarf spun around on his chair and studied the battered man through bleary eyes. “Can’t say I do.”
Bārdin swung back around and grabbed a hold of his mug of beer so forcefully that a lot of the golden liquid spilt onto the bar top.
“You shoed my horse you son of a Grinlock,” growled the man. “The beast threw that shoe and sent me flying to the ground.”
“I see what this is about.” Bārdin smiled at the man, “You want me to shoe it again. Come by tomorrow and I’ll do it for ya.”
“I already killed that damn horse,” snapped the man. “I want my money back, plus the amount the horse was worth.”
Bārdin burst out laughing. “You halfwit, there is a reason we Dwarves invented contracts. Perhaps you should have had a closer look at yours, it said: ‘that in the cases of horse shoeing I’, that’s me, ‘will not be held liable for any damage, or injury, sustained if said horse or horses throw a shoe or shoes, over twelve hours after the shoeing of said horse or horses’.”
Bārdin smiled widely at the man. “An’ it be over twelve hours since I shoed your horse. You can read, right?”
Lieut watched with amusement as the man’s face turned red with anger and humiliation. The corner of his eye began to twitch and the man lashed out at Bārdin, kicking the stool out from under the dwarf. The kicks did not stop once Bārdin had tumbled to the ground, and the man kept slamming his boot into the dwarf.
Lieut had seen enough and he slipped off his barstool, launching the pewter cup into the head of the pretentious man in the process.
“How dare you, vagabond,” the man cursed. “Do you have any idea who I am? I am the son of Lord Bellis Dasher. Lord of Midway and all of the Endress Vale.”
“I do not care who your father is. It is one thing to demand your money back, and quite another to beat up a drunk.” Lieut glared at the five men. “Have you no honour?”
“You’ll stay out of this silver hair, if you know what’s good for you,” said the closest man, pointing a grubby finger in Lieut’s face.
“I do not like being threatened,” Lieut said coldly.
Quicker than the man had time to react, Lieut grabbed the man’s finger and snapped it backwards. The man screamed and fell to his knees clutching his broken finger.
The next man in line lunged at him with a wild roundhouse punch. Lieut easily stepped inside the arm, blocking the punch and grabbing the back of the man’s neck before slamming his head into the bar top.
Lord Dasher’s son stumbled backwards with a squeal and fell to the floor as his other two bodyguards charged at Lieut.
Lieut stepped ahead and slammed his foot into the first man’s gut, dropping him to his knees. The second bodyguard punched at him, but Lieut easily deflected the attacks and countered with an elbow to the man’s jaw. Lieut jumped back half a step and launched a turning kick into the side of the man’s head, which launched him over the bar top and he tumbled to the ground beside the cowering barkeeper.
Lieut walked towards Lord Dasher’s son, slamming his knee into the head of the bodyguard who was still struggling for breath. The blow dropped the man to the floor boards completely unconscious.
“Please don’t hurt me,” Lord Dasher’s son cried, still on the floor, “By The Five I am sorry, I’ll do anything.”
Lieut stopped in front of the man, considering what to do. But Bārdin did not hesitate, the dwarf raced past Lieut and grabbed Lord Dasher’s son by the collar.
“Please don’t hurt me,” Lord Dasher’s son begged, but he was interrupted by a loud crack as Bārdin head-butted the man right in the forehead.
Bārdin turned back to Lieut laughing, blood trickling from his nose and lips. “Haven’t had a good rumble in a long time.” The dwarf laughed and he wiped the blood off his face.
“You aren’t bad either, laddie,” Bārdin continued. “But if ya want to be a good brawler, you got to practise more.”
Lieut glanced back to the four of Lord Dasher’s bodyguards that were still on the floor.
“Four to one,” Lieut reminded the dwarf. “Perhaps it is you that needs more practise?”
Bārdin laughed again as he moved to stand the stool Lord Dasher’s son had knocked over.
“Stop there you vagrant,” growled one from the group of guards that had been watching the fight. “Both of you are under arrest.”
“Give it a rest Foldon,” said Bārdin, as he glanced over his shoulder.
“We have had enough of your antics Bārdin,” replied the guard wearing the colours of Sesserrech. “This is the last time you cause a drunken brawl and get away with it. And as for you stranger, we don’t like your type in this town.”
“I did not see you jump to the dwarf’s rescue when these men were kicking him,” remarked Vythe who had walked over to them through the stunned crowd accompanied by Fairris.
The guard with the Sesserrechien colours looked at Vythe closely. “Who asked for your input? You might be a noble of Port Na’brath, but you aren’t in The Port at the moment. Here, I say what the law is.”
Vythe looked suddenly uncomfortable, and his lips went tight, his fingers twitched.
“What house is that design anyways?” Foldon asked, pointing to Vythe’s vest.
Suddenly the group of guards went flying backwards as a wave of energy shot forth from Vythe’s hand. The tables splintered and the chairs crumbled as the guards wearing heavy chainmail armour landed in a heap in the corner. Many people looking on cried out in surprise and stumbled away as the music suddenly stopped and everyone looked to see what the commotion was. 
“What in the Abyss, Vythe?” Fairris exclaimed in surprise.
“We need to leave, now,” Vythe replied and he darted for the staircase that led up into the tower.
Lieut and Fairris did not argue the point and they followed Vythe to the staircase, and for some reason the dwarf Bārdin followed them in a drunken daze.
“Stop. Someone stop them,” Foldon the guard called out, but none were game after what they had just witnessed.
Instead of taking the ascending staircase Vythe darted down the stairs that led to the basement.
“Where are you leading us, Vythe?” Lieut asked calmly. “You said you wanted to leave.”
“Going through the town would have been unwise,” replied Vythe not slowing his run. “The guards would have been upon us in minutes. There is a smuggler’s passage in the basement that will take us safely from here.”
“What was all that about?” Fairris asked as they came to the bottom of the stairs.
“Ask me again once we are out here,” replied Vythe seriously.
Vythe moved quickly to the end of the cellar and to a large wardrobe where he opened the doors and pushed aside the hanging coats. Vythe climbed in and swept aside a heavy curtain that hung at the back, which hid the way into a secret tunnel. Fairris moved through next and Lieut followed.
The blue glow of subterranean fungi greeted Lieut as he followed Vythe and Fairris along the tunnel. It was quite a tight fit and the jagged wall sometimes made it difficult to move along. The air was damp and the constant trickle of water could be heard echoing out of the darkness.
“What is this place?” asked Fairris curiously after they had been moving along in silence for many minutes.
“It was used to smuggle goods past the border during the war between Lord Wataven of Sesserrech and King Barnett of Krnōrel in the Forth Age,” explained Vythe. “Border taxes had increased excessively because both Cientrasis and Gaianaus had signed the Treaty of Neutrality that prevented them from helping. So instead of paying the taxes they dug this passage, and the owner of the Midway Inn allowed merchants to use it for a lesser tax. Quiet clever really.”
“Sounds like extortion to me,” Fairris remarked.
They pushed on through the darkness, the glowing mushrooms and moss illuminating their skin and granting them an easy passage. But despite the light, it was not so easy, many times Lieut found that he had to crawl under low arches and squeeze sideways through narrow gaps. He even had to take his sword from his back many times to stop it catching on the rocks.
“You need to be thinner than a Valenthōr to get through here easily. How exactly did the merchants get their produce through these tunnels?” Fairris asked as she manipulated her body so she could move through a small gap.
Lieut watched the smooth roll of Fairris’s body as she moved through which caused him to painfully stub his toe on a rock. Clenching his teeth angrily he purposely kicked another rock.
Vythe let out a small laugh at Fairris’s question. “That is something I do not know. But like as not through some form of magicks.”
The passageway continued on in much the same manner as it carved a scar through the earth. Sometimes they climbed over large boulders, other times under low arches, but always the path was no wider than a couple of meters and the ceiling no higher than seven-feet. The minutes began to slip into hours and still they continued to walk through the tunnel, until finally they turned a corner and came to the end of the cramped passage.
The tunnel ended on a small ledge halfway up the side of a hill that looked down upon a wide river. Only a few trees grew around the river and he could see the Yineth Plateau rising up to the south.
“Here seems a decent enough place to rest for the night,” Vythe remarked and he sat down on a rock and conjured a fire.
“Now you can tell me why you attacked those guards?” Fairris said, sitting down on a rock opposite Vythe.
“He recognised the design of my vest or was about to,” Vythe replied as he ran a hand through his raven black hair.
“I fail to see the significance,” Fairris remarked with a puzzled expression.
“All the noble houses of Port Na’brath have a unique design for their family’s coat of arms,” Vythe explained. “All noble members of the house hold wear a vest, or similar such garment, with the house’s design upon it. It is a symbol of authority and all in Sesserrech, as well as other realms, learn to take note of it.” Vythe displayed his magnificent black and gold vest more clearly to them.
“Why was it a problem that he recognised your house?” Fairris asked curiously.
“Because word spreads,” Vythe replied as if it were obvious. “Soon my family will hear that one of their sons was seen at Midway, and shortly after that they will realise that none of their sons were actually anywhere near there.”
“What do you mean?” Fairris cocked her head to the side.
Vythe paused and looked seriously at Fairris and Lieut. 
“My family think I am dead,” Vythe stated. “So when they hear one of their sons was at Midway, they will think that someone has stolen the design of their house and will come looking for me. Or they will think that their son Vythe Varrintine is not in fact dead, and they will come looking for me.”
“You do not wish to see your family?” asked Fairris in surprise.
“I most certainly do not wish that,” Vythe replied with a shake of his head.
“But you are still heading to The Port?” Lieut remarked, giving Vythe a curious look.
“Yes, it seems I am,” Vythe replied with a slight smile and he threw a twig into the magickal flames.
Loud snores interrupted their conversation and they all turned to see the dwarf Bārdin lying in the mouth of the cave, using a rock for a pillow.
“Is that the dwarf from the tavern?” Vythe asked in surprise. “Did he follow us?”
“Dwarves.” Fairris shook her head with distaste.
“Does it matter?” Lieut asked.
Vythe laughed. “I guess not. But I have to say that I was quite looking forward to sleeping in a bed this night. Alas for my poor back.”
Vythe sighed heavily and made himself a bed by the fire amongst the rocks and grass and was soon asleep. Fairris gradually followed Vythe’s lead, leaving Lieut wide awake and staring into the fire.













Chapter Sixteen

The next day came with a chill and a light mist drifting up from the river below. The wind whipped up the path of the River Yorna pushing the mist into the crisp blue sky. Lieut closed his eyes as the wind blew his hair back and he breathed in the fresh taste of the morning. It was still early when he woke Vythe and Fairris, but he chose not to disturb Bārdin, hoping they could slip away whilst the dwarf was still sleeping.
As Vythe and Fairris had a bite to eat the dwarf woke suddenly with a loud choking sound and a snort.
Bārdin jumped to his feet in surprise at his surroundings, his eyes darting around the area and falling upon the trio.
“Kidnappers are we?” The dwarf snorted. “I be thinking you picked the wrong dwarf to nap.”
Bārdin balled his fists towards them expecting a fight.
“Ease yourself dwarf,” Vythe replied calmly. “We are no kidnappers, and you are definitely no child. You followed us in your drunken delirium last night. Head down that tunnel behind you and you will find yourself back at the Midway tavern with more beer to guzzle.”
“What games you be playing?” the dwarf asked, glancing over his shoulder at the passage way. “Trying to send me down into a dragon’s lair, are ya? Well this dwarf ain’t no fool.”
“Clearly,” Fairris mumbled sarcastically.
“Go where you wish then,” Lieut remarked with a shrug.
“Wait a minute,” Bārdin said recognising Lieut. “I recall last night now. And I thank you for your aid with Lord Dasher’s son, silver hair.”
“No thanks is necessary.” Lieut looked away from Bārdin. “Nor is it desired.”
“You’re half right.” The dwarf nodded. “But much more be necessary. I be honour bound to aid you now. You helped me when you did not need to, and I will do the same.”
“I do not need or want your help,” Lieut replied quickly.
“Be that as it may.” Bārdin put his hands on his hips. “I’ll be sticking with you until you do need my help.”
“That will be never,” Lieut stated. “You say you are honour bound to me, but keep your honour and leave.”
“What honour would there be in that?” Bārdin looked at him in confusion.
“More so than being in someone’s debt,” Lieut was quick to say.
“Who’s in whose debt?” Bārdin asked back. “I said I be honour bound to lend you aid when you need it most, I said nothing about being in your debt.”
The dwarf gave him a curious look before joining Vythe and Fairris by the fire and helping himself to what food was available.
“What can I say to make you leave?” Lieut sighed in frustration.
“You cannot compete with the stubbornness of Dwarves, Lieut,” Vythe cut in, a bemused expression on his face. “What is your name Master Dwarf?”
“Bārdin son of Bain, I be.” The dwarf bowed low. “Not too happy with an Elf in company, but I’ll just have to put up with it I guess.”
Fairris grumbled something under her breath and clenched her jaw before standing up and walking away from the fire. “Shall we train, Lieut?”
Lieut did not reply as he moved to join Fairris, drawing his sword in the process.
Fairris summoned her gunblades and suddenly launched herself off a rock towards him. He easily slipped under the attack and knocked Fairris down the steep hill. Fairris tumbled and rolled, bouncing off a few rocks, but she was on her feet as soon as she could be and just in time to face him again as he jumped down the rocks to where Fairris had landed.
It was one of Fairris’s better days, and she lasted longer than usual. Lieut and Fairris jumped around the rocky hillside exchanging attacks, but always Fairris would end up going for another tumble down the hill. Somehow they both ended up in the shallows of the river but they did not stop their duelling. Water flew through the air as Lieut spun in circles, his attacks forcing Fairris to defend. Soon blood joined the water as his sword slipped through and scratched Fairris on the thigh. Like always the cut was not deep, and Fairris quickly healed the scratch and continued the sparing session. Inevitably Fairris became exhausted and stumbled on the loose river stones. Lieut was quick to aid her fall and stepped ahead kicking Fairris firmly in the gut and causing her to fall backwards with a splash into the water.
Fairris sat up in the shallow water, gasping for breath, her gunblades vanished and the tip of Lieut’s sword inches from her neck.
“You lose, again,” Lieut stated simply and turned to head back towards the hill returning his sword to the clips at his shoulder and leaving Fairris in the water.
“What am I doing wrong?” Fairris called to him frustration.
Lieut turned and gave Fairris a curious look. “Nothing.”
Fairris slapped the water in frustration and moved to join him. Her clothes and hair were saturated and water was streaming down her skin. Lieut tried to turn and continue heading up the hill, but something was stopping him.
Fairris drained the water from her amazing red hair and joined him, a smile on her face. Stretching the stiffness from his neck he and Fairris returned to the campsite where Vythe and Bārdin had been watching them.
“That was fun.” Bārdin laughed as they returned. “Always a hoot to see an Elf pulled off their high horse.”
“You would not do better,” Fairris snapped and glared at the dwarf.
Bārdin laughed again. “I’d not be fool enough to try. By the look of that sword alone I know I can’t beat him.”
“What do you mean?” Vythe asked curiously.
“Only the greatest of warriors would be able to wield a weapon like his.” Bārdin pointed to Lieut’s sword.
“Trust a Dwarf to believe the weapon makes the warrior,” Fairris remarked derisively.
Bārdin glared at Fairris, but did not reply.
“Why is it that there must always be suspicion and dislike between Elves and Dwarves?” Vythe wondered aloud.
“It be the Elves that caused it,” Bārdin was quick to say.
“Hardly,” Fairris exclaimed, “ever have Dwarves been jealous of the fairer Elves.”
“Fairer?” growled Bārdin.
“Enough,” Lieut cut in. “It is past time we left.”
“I guess you will be wanting me to teleport you then,” Vythe said hesitantly, seeming uncomfortable.
“We’ll see,” Lieut replied slowly as he regarded Vythe curiously. “Come on, let’s go.”
The animosity between Bārdin and Fairris continued as Lieut led the group from the hillside up onto the flat. So much was the dislike between Elves and Dwarves that they both walked as far from each other as possible, and even remarked how the other was not a viable travelling companion. Both Lieut and Vythe tried to ignore such remarks and just walk on through the morning.
They stayed close to the River Yorna as it carved its way through the earth. To the south the ground rose dramatically as it headed up to the Yineth Plateau and to the north the Gaia Mountains could still be seen, though, now the snowy peaks seemed quite far away and had begun to turn to the north. The land was flat in this region, and wide, with long grass and infrequent trees. What foliage there was grew close to the river and predominately on the southern bank. Littered throughout the grass lands were small shrubs and woody trees with bright leaves and small flowers. Little birds fluttered around the shrubs and grass, all of them with vivid colours and pleasant calls.
Lieut could see the narrow paths in the grass that had been made by small animals, and on one of the many rocks he even saw one of the makers of the paths. But as soon as the small furry animal saw him it darted back into the grass, not to be seen again.
As Lieut walked along, beside him Bārdin began to mumble a tune. Lieut could not hear much of the lyrics, but was able to catch a few words:

Far to the south where the Fog trees have grown;
Lays a realm of both wood and stone;
Grün Narād, O’ Grün Narād;
The stolen kingdom of my dwarven home.

The rest of the song was lost in Bārdin’s rugged beard, and Lieut could not hear the words.
“What is Grün Narād, Bārdin?” Lieut decided to ask, his voice breaking the quietude of the morning.
“My once home,” the dwarf replied solemnly. “Men called it Ironwood. But it is my home no longer. A darkness crept into Grün Narād that no light can pierce.”
“Is that not the way with all Dwarven holes?” Fairris asked, causing Bārdin to scowl at her.
No more was spoken about Ironwood, and the tension between Fairris and Bārdin continued to grow.
But that was the way between Dwarves and Elves, ever since the dawn of time there had been animosity and disagreement between the races. Lieut recalled the documents he had read on the matter concerning Elves and Dwarves, it had only been a minor point but he remembered it clearly.
Lieut recalled the tale well, and a tale it was for there was no real documentation of the actual events that led to the rivalry between Elves and Dwarves. Their dislike of one another started where most things do: at the beginning.
The High Elves say that at the beginning of time both Dwarves and Elves arrived in Essinendeür. The Elves awoke to see the Dwarves, and the Dwarves saw the Elves. But neither could say for certain who had arrived first. The High Elves went on to indicate that they were the first as the Dwarves were still asleep when they saw them. But the Nirüd dwarves claim that they were asleep because they had been waiting for the Elves to arrive. It was then that the dislike of each other continued on down through the descendants of the High Elves and the dwarves of Nirüd.
Lieut shook his head as he remembered what he had read, it was a foolish dispute to be sure, but that did not stop Bārdin and Fairris disliking one another.
Annoyingly for him the bitter remarks and subtle insults continued on each time they stopped for the night. Every time either Fairris or Bārdin said something the other was quick to berate them.
As their journey together wore on Lieut could see that Vythe was also beginning to become annoyed with the two of them. Neither Fairris nor Bārdin physically lashed out at the other, but he could tell that sometimes they indeed wanted to. This also became very obvious during the time he and Fairris sparred, for each time she would attack with pent up frustration. But her anger never aided her improvement, and on several occasions he told Fairris such, whether she acknowledged his words he could not tell.
During the passing two days, the River Yorna had turned towards the south as it followed the line of the foothills of the Yineth Plateau. By now Lieut could just make out the line in the distance where the ocean met the land. He knew that if he continued straight for the sea he would come across the Northern Longroad that went from Port Na’brath to the Gaianaus capital of Issia. Even now he could make out the pale line of the road as it stretched its way through the grass lands and around and over the slightly undulating terrain. Between the road and the sea Lieut could see the skyline of two lord’s castles standing among the grass with small villages and farm lands surrounding them. Also amongst the hills and grass there were great rugged stones, some standing, but most were just strewn throughout the land chaotically.
“These boulders are remnants of the time of Illendüil,” Fairris remarked one evening as they set up camp at the base of the large rocks. “The Zirariens tell a story of how there once were great mountains in this area where the High Elves lived and built great castles atop the high peaks of the mountains, called Illendüil. But the Gods grew wary that the High Elves were coming too close to the heavens so they destroyed the castles and mountains, leaving behind flatlands riddled with rocks to remind them that the heavens are where the Gods live, not the Elves.”
“What a daft story.” Bārdin was quick to criticise.
“It was then that the High Elves became divided and split into three groups,” Fairris continued, ignoring Bārdin’s remark. “One group going to the High Steep, another going to the hot sands of the high desert of the Crimson Wasteland, and the last group heading to the Foglornt Forest. Respectively the three groups were the ancestors of the Lithinüer in Thienlin, the Zirarien in Anastarā, and the Valenthōr in Gālendress.”
“By Dhror’s beard, I haven’t heard so much rubbish in my life,” snorted Bārdin. “The clan of the Scarred Mountains never recorded any mountains in this region.”
“Probably because it was before any Dwarves lived in the Scarred Mountains,” Fairris retorted.
“They’re the oldest clan, after Ironwood,” Bārdin snapped back, “Been there for many millennia.”
A sly smile came to Fairris face. “Like I said, it was before the Dwarves lived in the Scarred Mountains.”
Bārdin grumbled in his beard at Fairris but he did not continue the argument.
That night they camped among a group of pitted rocks. The night was dark and as always Lieut was left to take the watch. Although the moons did not shine this night, he had no trouble seeing.
The stones atop the downs stood out on the horizon line like silent watchers of the night. Many sounds filled the air, most of which were not the nightly birds or crickets in the grass. Wilder things called these lands home, preying on caravans that moved between The Port and Issia. Fortunately, though Lieut did not think so, the night passed without any assaults on their camp and they made it to the Northern Longroad halfway through the next morning.
As they trudged along the wide paved road the day turned grey and overcast. The heat and humidity made Lieut’s skin clammy and his vest stick to his back. The flies soon became irritating, buzzing around his face and biting his bare arms. Vythe and Fairris did not seem bothered by the weather or flies, probably thanks to some form of magicks. Bārdin on the other hand seemed more irritated than Lieut did. The dwarf jumped around swatting at the flies and trying to squish the ones that bit him with his meaty hands.
A few hours after they stopped for a midday meal the sound of horse’s hooves on the road echoed in Lieut’s ears. Fairris also heard it and turned around to see what was coming from behind them.
“It sounds like a peddler,” Vythe remarked as he squinted into the distance. “I can hear the bells on his wagon.”
“A peddler,” Bārdin exclaimed. “Quick let us move on. We don’t need to talk to the likes of one of them.”
Fairris smirked and quietly laughed to herself.
“Do not be so suspicious,” Vythe replied.
“Liars, tricksters, tramps and thieves, all of them,” Bārdin snorted. “They will use some witchcraft on you and next thing you know you’re giving them all your money for an item that is worthless. And if you begrudge them a deal they will slit your throat in the night and take what they want.”
“Those are the lies, Bārdin,” Vythe replied seriously. “They are just merchants trying to make a traditional living on the roads.”
Bārdin snorted again, but did not say any more.
“I do hope he will grant us a lift to The Port,” Vythe remarked. “My feet are sore from all this walking.”
Soon the pleasant music of small bells filled the air and the clip-clop of hooves brought the old wooden wagon down the road to meet them.
“Greetings peddler,” Vythe called out and the wagon stopped beside them.
“And to you travellers,” the peddler replied. “Can I interest you in purchase from my wares?”
“Only if one of those things to purchase is a seat to Port Na’brath?” replied Vythe with a smile.
The peddler looked at each of them in turn, his eyes lingering on Lieut.
“Alright.” nodded the Peddler. “A gold coin each and I’ll take you to The Port.”
“See? What did I tell you,” Bārdin burst out. “Trying to rob us, he is. A gold coin each, that’s pure theft.”
“You can walk if you wish, Bārdin,” Vythe remarked dryly as he climbed into the seat next to the peddler.
Bārdin grumbled to himself, but eventually he joined Lieut and Fairris in the back of the wagon amongst the peddler’s goods. With even more grumbling Bārdin handed over a gold coin to the peddler before finding a seat.
“You’re an odd company to be finding along the road,” the peddler remarked as they set off. “May I ask your names?”
“You may,” replied Vythe. “I am Vythe  and this is Fairris the Zirarien, Bārdin son of Bain and Lieut.”
“And who might you be?” Bārdin demanded.
“The name’s Tornie Frogman Henry,” replied the peddler with a smile.
“Frogman?” Bārdin asked suspiciously.
“Aye.” Nodded the peddler. “‘Cause I am always hopping from town to town.”
Tornie burst out laughing, to which Vythe and Fairris joined in, and even Bārdin cracked a smile.
“Heading home are you Master Varrintine?” Tornie asked looking towards Vythe.
A look of surprise flashed across Vythe features, and Tornie laughed again.
“Why the surprise?” The peddler chuckled. “I’ve been in this business a long time boy. I know the designs of the leading houses in Port Na’brath. But I am curious as to why you didn’t introduce yourself as such?”
“I have been away a long time,” Vythe stammered, “I thought it would be enjoyable to surprise my family.”
Tornie looked at Vythe curiously. “Your family will hear of your arrival long before you see them, if you go about wearing that vest.”
“Perhaps I should take it off before we come across more travellers on the road,” Vythe remarked offhandedly.
“I have a few nicely designed vests in the back, if you would like to buy one?” Tornie suggested.
“No, thank you,” Vythe said as he slowly unbuttoned his family vest.
“You should know better than to deny a peddler a deal,” Tornie replied darkly.
“Why you, sly, conniving vagabond,” roared Bārdin jumping to his feet. “What did I tell you?”
Tornie suddenly burst out laughing, and he slapped his thigh.
“What’s all this now?” Bārdin demanded angrily.
“It was a jest, dwarf,” said Fairris, a smile on her face.
“Be at ease Master Bārdin.” Tornie smiled over his shoulder. “I will not rob you blind in the night and leave you with nothing but your skin and beard.”
Bārdin sat back down, once again mumbling into his beard, and looking darkly at Fairris and the peddler.
It was hot and humid that night and the clouds were heavy, but they refused to give up the rain. It was not until early morning that the clouds released their hold on the moisture and brought some relief to the travellers.
They had little for breakfast and were soon on the road again, but the drop in temperature lasted only a short while. The rain soon stopped and it became twice as humid and twice as hot.
During the day they passed a few outlying towns that were governed by one of the three lords in the area and Tornie stopped and tried to sell his wares. He sold a few items but many of the townsfolk had grown up with children’s stories that painted peddlers in a bad light, so most were suspicious and stayed away from him.
But none of the country folk in the villages could be as suspicious as Bārdin. The whole time the dwarf sat with his arms crossed, never taking his narrowed eyes off Tornie, as if he expected the man to suddenly disappear with all his possessions.
Dwarves were a naturally suspicious and a secretive lot but Lieut had to wonder when Bārdin began to look through Tornie’s goods, no doubt trying to find evidence of the peddler’s witchcraft.
“By Dhror’s beard,” Bārdin suddenly exclaimed as he pulled an old two-handed axe out of one of the ironbound chests.
“Do I hear the heathen words of a nonbeliever of The Five?” Tornie remarked and he looked over his shoulder.
“The Five are the Gods of Men,” Bārdin snapped back, not realising that Tornie had been joking again. “Dhror is the Father of the Dwarves.”
“I meant nothing by it Master Dwarf,” Tornie quickly replied. “And I see you have found one of the only weapons I carry. You will not be surprised to know it is for sale. For five gold coins it is yours.”
“Where did you get it?” Bārdin demanded, holding the single headed axe in front of his face.
“I did not steal it,” the peddler replied dryly. “It was sold to me by someone, I completely forget who. I have had it for years, no one wants to buy a steel weapon you see, and even if they did that one is too old and blunt to make any real money. See how scratched and dull the axe head is.”
“How dare you,” Bārdin growled back. “This is of Nirüd craft, of the finest crimson steel, forged in the fires of ancient dwarven strongholds by master smiths in the days of my ancestors. This axe has no doubt chopped off the heads of hundreds of Grinlocks, and you call it scratched and dull.”
Tornie looked curiously at Bārdin. “Well, now that I know what I really have. It can be yours for fifty gold coins.”
Bārdin narrowed his eyes at the peddler. “Throw in a good quality whetstone for free and I’ll take it.”
“What?” Fairris exclaimed in disbelief.
“Fifty gold coins for an old axe?” Vythe baulked. “And yet you were loath to part with a single gold coin for a ride to The Port.”
“What’s your point?” Bārdin asked back.
“Dwarves.” Vythe laughed and shook his head, but said no more.
“You are an honest dwarf, Bārdin.” Tornie said sincerely. “Because I did not know of the blade’s heritage I will sell the axe to you for the original five gold and will give you one of my best quality whetstones.”
Bārdin seemed to be taken aback and stumbled over a few words. 
“Perhaps I was wrong about you peddler.” Bārdin conceded. “You have a deal.”
Bārdin then untied a large bag of coin from his wide belt and counted out ten gold coins and handed it to the peddler.
“Keep the change.” Bārdin nodded to the old man.
Tornie smiled. “You will find a whetstone in that small wooden chest.”
Bārdin quickly found a good quality stone and sat down and began sharpening the dull edge of the axe.
They drifted by slowly and the wind picked up from the west and blew away the clouds, alleviating the humidity and paving the way for a pleasant afternoon. The sounds of the rattling cart and stone on steel filled the air as the road wound up and over the many small hills. Several roads branched off from the main path and led further to the west and towards small fishing villages that could be seen in the distance.
By that evening Bārdin had made quite a shine on the edge of the axe and was cleaning the steel with an oil rag that he had also bought off Tornie. Now the axe no longer looked like an ancient relic but a weapon ready for battle. Dwarven runes now shone on the long handle and were carved into the flat of the large axe head. Being made from crimson steel there was a feint reddish tint to the metal, but the sharp edge shone with a pinkish hue.
As Lieut sat by the fire that evening he noticed that Fairris kept looking at the axe out of the corner of her eye. This reminded him of another document he had read, which further tried to explain the dislike between Elves and Dwarves.
Both the High Elves and Nirüd Dwarves were excellent craftsmen and created weapons, jewellery and items of incredible beauty. But always the Dwarves had been jealous of the elves’ skill with crafting weapons, and the Elves similarly jealous of the dwarves’ expertise in turn.
Lieut could see such jealousy in Fairris’s eyes now as she looked upon the axe. He could see that she wished that she had twin gunblades of similar make.
It was known that weapons from Fog were a later creation by Men and in ancient times true weapons were made of steel and other metals. Such dwarven and elven weapons were imbued with magickal runes that imparted attributes to the blades. Bārdin’s new crimson axe was far more powerful than Fairris’s Fog gunblades, and Lieut could see that she knew that, and envied it.
Bārdin’s laughter broke his train of thought, and Lieut looked to see the dwarf holding the axe above his head, a wide smile upon his face. The light of the fire caused the weapon to shimmer beautifully and emanate a sense of power.
“Behold, the masterful craftsmanship of my ancestors,” Bārdin announced triumphantly. “Never will you see a better crafted weapon.”
“I don’t know about that,” Fairris was quick to remark. “The High Elves made beautiful weapons, and Lieut’s sword is just as masterful.”
Bārdin looked darkly at Fairris. “No doubt a Dwarf made your sword, right Lieut?”
“No,” Lieut replied absently, his eyes suddenly catching something of great importance.
In the sky above Bārdin’s axe a star was falling with a crimson tail. The burning dot soared through the heavens growing bigger and brighter. Suddenly it was falling towards the earth, evaporating clouds in its wake. The star fell to the ground many miles to the south and east.
“A Godstone,” Vythe remarked as he and the others also noticed the falling star. “No doubt the Magi of Aierthian will claim it.”
“Vythe, you must teleport me to The Port at once,” Lieut said walking towards the man.
“What? Why?” Vythe asked in surprise.
“There is no time for questions, teleport me.”
“Has it something to do with the Godstone?” asked Fairris. “Do you think it might be another Zodiarc stone and you could make another sword from it?”
Lieut shot Fairris a curious look but did not reply.
“Vythe,” Lieut insisted.
“What’s going on?” Bārdin demanded.
“Lieut, I cannot teleport you,” Vythe stammered and looked away.
“What?” Lieut asked angrily.
“Please believe me, that if I could I would,” Vythe quickly apologised.
“The only reason I helped you out of the prison was because you could teleport me,” Lieut growled. “Was that a lie? Was everything you said a lie?”
“Not exactly.” Vythe shifted his weight uncomfortably. “I can cast a spell of teleportation.”
“Then do it.”
“If I do I will die,” Vythe snapped back.
“What do you mean?” Lieut asked, his eyes narrowing.
“When I was lost in the Void those years ago, Elardōre and I discovered that a dark and powerful demon had been imprisoned there,” Vythe explained hesitantly. “We struck a bargain with the fiend and all three of us found an exit from the Void. But Elardōre and I betrayed the demon and left it in there.”
“What has that got to do with anything?” Lieut demanded angrily.
“I am sure that you know that a spell of teleportation opens a gate between two locations,” Vythe explained. “What you probably do not realise is that between those two doors is the Void. This is how Elardōre and I escaped in the first place, and how the demon can seize me if I open a teleportation gate.”
Lieut glared at Vythe unblinking for several seconds, clenching his jaw and fists.
“You still lied to me at the prison,” Lieut stated threateningly.
“Yes I did,” Vythe replied honestly. “But I had been in the place for ten years, Lieut. I would have done and said anything to be free of that place.”
Lieut let out a growl of frustration and turned away, kicking a large rock and sending it tumbling into the coming dark of the night.
There was not much Lieut could do though, he could run there and at good pace he could reach The Port by tomorrow. He looked back to the south where the Godstone had crashed down. Quickly calculating the distance from where it had landed to Port Na’brath he believed he still had time. Perhaps he had overreacted, and in doing so nearly exposed the rest of the group to certain facts.
Lieut sat down by the fire again, his thoughts churning in his mind. The group gave him strange looks for the rest of the night, but none of them said anything. Likely because Vythe and Fairris knew he would not answer, Bārdin probably did not care and Tornie did not know him well enough to ask such questions. But the curious looks remained.
At one point Lieut overheard Vythe and Fairris talking quietly between them when they thought he was not near.
“It was very strange,” Lieut heard Fairris remark to Vythe, “that he suddenly desired to be teleported at the same point we all saw the Godstone.”
“Indeed,” Vythe replied. “But I cannot guess why.”
“Do you think it may somehow be connected to Rathgard stating he and Lieut were on the same side?” asked Fairris.
“How?” Vythe gave Fairris a confused look.
“I do not know,” Fairris replied as she turned back to the fire.
Their quiet conversation stopped suddenly when Lieut walked back into the light of the fire. They both looked at him curiously, but neither said anything.
From there the evening ended quickly, Tornie was already snoring and Bārdin soon joined him, hugging his new axe close to his chest. Slowly Vythe and Fairris drifted off to sleep, and the night drifted slowly by with Lieut constantly trying to decipher his own thoughts and feelings.



















Chapter Seventeen

The next morning came clear and bright and with the promise that it was going to be a hot day. Lieut woke everyone quickly and shortly after Inüer crested the eastern horizon they were trotting down the road. Tornie would have preferred a slower pace, but Lieut urged him to go faster and ignore any villages they might come across.
Luckily they did not come to any villages, but that luck ended when they came to a region of the road where it wound around the base of several hillocks crowned with ominous crags. As they rounded one of the corners Tornie pulled the wagon to a stop and glanced nervously at the hills. On the road ahead of them sat a turned over wagon, its broken and battered skeleton scattered over the stone and blocking the way.
Lieut suspected it was a trap, but he was not willing to be delayed by a broken cart. Jumping from the back of Tornie’s cart he moved to the small cart to push it from the road. Bārdin was quick to join him and with their combined strength they made short work of the task and were soon walking back to the wagon.
Suddenly the ground at the side of the road erupted and a dozen grinlocks charged at them from concealed holes.
The Grinlocks were roughly the size of a Dwarf, but they were a lot more hairy and their limbs and body thinner. Unlike Dwarves they did not craft fine weapons, and instead wielded wooden clubs and stone-tipped spears. Some of them even carried rust-pitted steel swords and shields that they had no doubt stolen or looted off corpses.
Lieut was quick to draw his sword and slice through the closest grinlock, but more filled its place. Many more of the hairy creatures were hooting as they raced down from the hills on both sides.
Of all the civilised races in Essinendeür, Grinlocks were the least civil. But they were in no way considered stupid and were very good at raiding trading routes and hunting and pillaging remote farms. Their minds were less interested in building great houses, forming set laws and living in fine clothes. Grinlocks could almost be called nomadic or tribal, as such was their way, and they moved around constantly all over Essinendeür, following the beasts they hunted or moving along the trade route to terrorise merchants.
As Lieut sliced apart the ranks of the grinlocks attacking him, he remembered reading a text by Professor Dionel Atborogh, which was written on Grinlocks. Most of it had been conjecture as Atborogh had not actually lived with a tribe of Grinlocks to learn their ways and observe them. Although Lieut could see that most of the statements in the books were quite accurate. These grinlocks wore fur pelts for clothing that had been crafted exquisitely with leather belts and bone buckles. Throughout their furry hair and around their wrists and necks were jewellery made from bone. They also shouted at each other in a guttural language to try and flank him.
Lieut smiled confidently to himself, for despite their intelligent attack strategies the grinlocks stood no chance.
By now both Fairris and Vythe had joined him and Bārdin in the battle. Fairris was shooting volleys of magickal bullets from her gunblades while Vythe threw many magickal balls of energy at the grinlocks.
The raiding party soon realised that they stood no chance against such powerful adversaries and fled into holes in the hills.
Lieut smiled and turned back to the wagon, clipping his sword at his shoulder in the process. Suddenly Bārdin yanked him by the arm causing him to stumble to one knee. Lieut was about to turn on the dwarf in anger but he suddenly felt the wind of a passing spear whip by his ear and he looked to see the steel shaft imbed into the hard ground.
Lieut was quick to get to his feet and gave a slightly awkward nod to Bārdin. He could not believe he had been so foolish as to turn his back on the enemy before he was certain they had fled the field of battle. His eagerness to reach The Port had caused him to lose concentration on matters immediately at hand.
“Amateurish,” Lieut quietly berated himself, but he tried not to think any more about it as he climbed back into Tornie’s wagon alongside Fairris and Bārdin.
“My debt of honour is now paid to you, Lieut,” Bārdin said as they set off again.
Lieut nodded absently and did not reply.
“Will you return to Midway now?” asked Vythe curiously.
“No way am I returning there,” replied Bārdin. “I reckon I will linger in The Port for a while, and then maybe head out on the road again. Maybe southwards, I’ender is nice this time of year.”
“You do not have to leave our company Bārdin,” Vythe remarked sincerely. “You are more than welcome to stay.”
“I thank you, but no.” Bārdin declined. “I’ll find me own way.”
The group continued to talk, but Lieut was hardly listening to their conversation, his thoughts lingering on his rookie mistake. He had been in thousands of battles and not once had he felt he had come this close to Death’s clutches. This feeling only confused him more, he was not meant to fear dying. In a life of constant warring and killing one has to be ready to die in turn, and he always had been.
“I must be ill,” Lieut mumbled quietly.
Lieut nodded to himself, reassuring his thoughts and feelings, very glad that he would soon be meeting up with his brother so they might be able to find a cure.
Lieut’s inner turmoil continued throughout the day, and like the rage in his mind a storm began to brew to the west. Great plumes of cloud swelled over the ocean, turning black and ominous on the underside where lightning flashed continuously and sizzled up throughout the mass of it.
Even though the great storm was far away the distant thunder could be heard above the rattle of the cart, and the clouds were moving closer.
“It seems the storm brothers will put on a show this evening,” Fairris remarked, also looking out towards the storm.
“What’s that now?” asked Bārdin jumping to his feet and looking to the west. “It’s just a storm, I see no people.”
“Open your eyes and you will see them in the clouds,” Fairris replied, her eyes sparkling.
“Damn Elves and their fairy stories,” Bārdin grumbled and sat back down.
“What is the story of the storm brothers, Fairris?” Vythe asked curiously. “I do not know of it, and I do enjoy the tales of the Elves.”
“As do I,” agreed Tornie. “Please tell us my dear.”
“Alright. I suppose I can do that,” Fairris hesitantly agreed. “Now, how does it begin? That’s right, the storm brothers are the lords of the sky. The High Elves tell a story of the two brothers of the storm, Lightning and Thunder. Their names are Sarr and Brinder. Always together and never apart. Brinder storms through the heavens, his feet pounding the air as his laughs roll along for all to hear. Sarr dances beside him there and gone at the same time, he flashes down to the earth and back beside his thunderous brother before your eye can even catch a glimpse of him.
“The oldest bard, Lythina the Dreamer, tells the tale that before the Ages of beings there were great wars in the skies where many warriors fought and died. All except the storm brothers. Sarr and Brinder fought hundreds and defeated all, and to this day they rule the skies. Yet still they draw the battle lines for any who would oppose them, shouting threats and displaying their dominance to any who would be foolish enough to consider facing them.”
Fairris finished her tale and a distant rumble of thunder was heard and felt by each of the travellers, as if the storm agreed with what she had said.
“It’s nothing but rain.” Bardin snorted derisively. 
Just then another rumble was heard, but this one was more aggressive as if Bārdin’s comment had angered it.
Everyone laughed this time, but Lieut remained silent and Bārdin scowled back at the others.
The storm rushed closer and by mid-afternoon Inüer had vanished behind the clouds, making the sky flash orange before the darkness came forth. It almost seemed as if it were evening as the shadows grew dense.
Tornie pulled his wagon to a stop at the top of a small hill that looked down on the city of Port Na’brath.
“There she be,” Tornie remarked loudly. “The great Sesserrechien capital of Port Na’brath.”
Lieut quickly got up from his seat and looked down upon the high walls of the city. The city parapets were whitewashed and great golden oak doors marked the entrance. Pale blue banners flapped in the wind atop high towers along the eastern wall as it travelled far to the south along the ocean.
This was the north entrance to The Port, which meant the Magi Guild was far to the south at the other end of the city, so far that Lieut could barely see the iconic landmark in the distance on which the Guild was built.
Lieut’s eyes moved from the horizon and back down to the entrance where he saw a lone figure move though the large doors. It could have been anyone from this distance, but he knew in his gut that he had just seen his brother walk through the doors.
“De’im, I have arrived too late,” Lieut growled. “Quickly peddler, to the gates.”
“Alright, alright,” Tornie replied defensively and he flicked the reins to push the horse on into a trot. “No need to yell.”
Lieut sat back in his seat and fumed with frustration.
“You arrived too late?” Fairris asked him curiously.
“Yes,” Lieut replied sternly. “The fight with the grinlocks, delayed us too long.”
“What do you mean?” asked Fairris. “I do not understand, too late for what?”
“It does not matter.”
“Clearly it does matter,” Vythe remarked dryly.
“It does not matter to either of you,” Lieut clarified quickly.
Both Vythe and Fairris left it at that, but neither of them bothered to hide their annoyance with him.
They passed through the gates with no trouble, and now that Vythe no longer wore his family’s vest none recognised him. The first drops of rain began to fall on their heads as Tornie pulled his wagon to a stop just inside the gates.
“No doubt you all have your own business to attend to,” Tornie remarked. “I shall bid you all farewell here, but it has been a pleasure. And if you ever want to share a drink I will be happy to buy the first round, you may find me at the Golden Trough tavern. Farewell my friends.”
“I’ll join you there,” Bārdin announced not leaving the wagon, and he turned to the others. “So long to the three of you, it was fun while it lasted. Dun Noürg.”
Lieut nodded briefly to both Tornie and Bārdin before quickly heading off into the city. Vythe and Fairris said their farewells and raced to catch up to him.
“Heading to the Magi Guild Lieut?” Vythe asked as he came alongside him.
“You know I am,” replied Lieut without slowing his pace.
“You cannot simply walk up to its doors,” Vythe stated. “The Port is divided into three class sections with only a single bridge joining each of them. You will need a Writ of Passage to cross those bridges, and I do not suppose you have one of those, do you?”
“No,” replied Lieut. “I will use the tunnels built by the Thieves Guild that run below the city.”
“I thought as much.” Vythe grinned. “Perhaps I can assist you there?”
“Go on,” Lieut said, regarding Vythe curiously.
“I know the leader quite well,” replied Vythe. “You do not want much hassle, am I correct?”
Lieut nodded in agreement and continued to walk briskly through the muddy streets of the lower class. By now the rain had begun to fall steadily and many people had fled the streets to their dry homes or a tavern.
“What is the class division you spoke of earlier, Vythe?” asked Fairris as they walked along.
“I forget you have never been to The Port, Fairris,” Vythe said. “You see the city is divided into three sections, upper, middle and lower class. Also known as the Land of Lords, The Ladder and The Pit. You are currently in The Pit and the Land of Lords is many miles to the south, which is also where the Magi Guild is built. Eyes in this city are ever gazing to the south, greed gleaming within them. This cesspit around us is filled with the mighty who have fallen and the fallen who would be mighty. It is disgusting really, the amount of class discrimination that festers within these city walls.”
Lieut could see the obvious segregation that took place in the city all around him. The streets were filled with mud and refuse, the buildings were falling apart, there seemed to be very little drainage of water and sewage. Rats ran through the alleyways eating the rubbish left behind, dogs and cats ran wild throughout the area unchecked causing whatever havoc they could. There were hardly any street lamps lining the dark roads and very few guards patrolled this section of the city allowing crime to overflow.
“But what I have found remarkable,” continued Vythe, “is that the occupants of The Pit have formed their own authority to some degree. They look after their own down here, in many ways you are safer in these streets than you are in the Land of Lords. This is mostly due to the Thieves Guild, who run The Pit and looks after its citizens.”
“That is surprising,” Fairris remarked.
“It is mostly because of the events of the Third Age and the actions of Mandrel,” replied Vythe.
“I have not heard his story,” said Fairris thoughtfully.
“I shall tell you if you like,” Vythe replied with a smile. “But not now, for we are almost at the den of the Thieves Guild.”
Lieut knew where he was and where he was going, and Vythe was right, they were almost at the dead end alley that the Thieves Guild operated from.
The rain was pelting down and the lightning flashed and forked down from the sky, sending great tremors through the clouds. It was so dark now that the magickal street lanterns had begun to shine. One of the lanterns stood at the entrance to a dark alley, marking the gateway to the guild of thieves.
“Perhaps you should both stay here,” Vythe remarked seriously. “It will save you from any possible delay.”
Lieut looked at Vythe sternly. “You know what I am after?”
“The Keys to the City,” Vythe replied knowingly
“Be quick then,” Lieut said, his voice still stern.
Vythe winked at him and swaggered through the rain and vanished into the darkness of the alley.
Many minutes passed and the rain continued to fall and create small rivers in the muddy roads, but Vythe still had not returned. Lieut was beginning to become impatient and started to pace like a caged lion, stretching the stiffness from his neck and constantly looking towards the alleyway.
“Ease yourself Lieut,” Fairris remarked. “He has not been gone too long.”
“I am in a hurry,” Lieut was quick to reply.
“To see the Grand Magi, yes,” said Fairris with curious look. “But why are you in such a hurry? The Grand Magi is not going anywhere, is he?”
Lieut continued his pacing and did not reply.
“I do not understand,” Fairris said and looked intently at him.
“You do not need to understand,” Lieut replied coldly.
“But I want to,” Fairris was quick to reply, causing Lieut to stop and regard her curiously.
Just then Vythe appeared at the entrance of the alley and he quickly walked across to them, a grave expression upon his face.
“You have the keys?” Lieut asked sternly.
“Your arrival in the city has not gone unnoticed Lieut,” Vythe remarked seriously. “Nor has the arrival of another with silver hair, carrying a black steel weapon whose description reminds me a lot of yours. This is not a coincidence is it?”
“Where is the entrance to the tunnels?” Lieut asked as he looked unblinking at Vythe.
Lieut and Vythe exchanged intense stares for many minutes, but eventually Vythe looked away from the steely gaze.
“This direction. Follow me,” Vythe said and he motioned for them to follow him.
“What was that about?” Fairris asked as they jogged through the streets.
“I will tell you later,” replied Vythe. “Now we have to get to the Grand Magi with all haste.”
Concern flooded Lieut’s mind as he followed Vythe, something had happened down that alley that did not bode well. He knew his brother would have taken this same path as he, but there was no way that anyone could have known his mission objective. However, it was likely that the members of the Thieves Guild came to some conclusions and had told Vythe of their concerns. He could not let this jeopardise his brother’s intent in Port Na’brath, but it was also too early to make any conclusive decisions. He would decide later what to do with Vythe.
The storm had increased in ferocity as they moved quickly through the slush and mud of the streets. Vythe turned down a side street and came to a stop next to a large iron grate into which the rain waters were flowing. Quickly he knelt down and lifted the grate and indicated for Lieut and Fairris to jump down. Fairris hesitated, but Lieut did not and he dropped into the darkness below.
His fall ended with a splash and he moved from under the hole, Fairris soon dropped down behind him, and then Vythe behind her.
“Here, take this,” Vythe said when they all stood in the tunnel, and he pulled three chains from his pocket.
The crystals along the tunnel began to glow intermittently in the stone close to the ceiling. Small stone pendants at the end of the chains also began to glow as Vythe handed them out. Lieut slipped his over his head and quickly began his trek down the tunnel.
“Can you tell me what is going on now, Vythe?” Fairris asked as they walked through the ankle deep waters.
“Not yet,” Vythe replied mysteriously. “I will tell you all after we see the Grand Magi.”
“Why are you suddenly interested in seeing the Grand Magi, Vythe?” Lieut asked suspiciously, as he studied Vythe closely.
“Why are you?” Vythe retorted seriously.
“I have Fog in my head.” Lieut narrowed his eyes. “I thought the Grand Magi might know how to help.”
Vythe smirked and shook his head before continuing onwards.
Lieut heard Fairris let out a frustrated sigh, but she did not ask any questions about it.
The thief tunnels continued into the darkness with the green glowing crystals casting light across their path and reflecting off the fast running water.
They continued on in silence, following the course of the water as it moved through the maze of tunnels.
“If you are not going to tell me what put you in such a bad mood, Vythe,” Fairris said breaking the silence, “then perhaps you can tell me the tale of Mandrel?”
Vythe genuinely smiled for the first time since he had come out of the Thieves Guild alleyway.
“Alright,” Vythe agreed. “It all began in the year 1098, in the Third Age when Port Na’brath was not much more than a small fishing village. But this village was special in that the Magi Guild overlooked it. There were not many dealings between the Guild and the villages, they traded now and then and a few of the villages were considered talented enough to study at the Guild, but no more than that.
“It was during this time that the Magi Guild was also receiving much interest and notoriety throughout the realms. So much so, that a fleet from Nevārance one day appeared at the village and virtually bought all of Port Na’brath and attempted to buy the Magi Guild. Of course they were denied in that, but Lord Tharadain of Nevārance did not then depart. Instead he remained and Port Na’brath saw a huge increase in profits and trade. City walls were built and economic classes established, and for many years it was a very pleasant city to live in. But the growing Nevārancien influence was frowned upon by many and actively opposed by others.
“A form of resistance began to grow, especially from the lower classes in The Port, and one night they attacked the Nevārancien Lords. Much blood was spilt, but the resistance was nullified and Lord Tharadain became angry. He increased the taxes within the city as punishment for their unruliness. The people were virtually taxed into poverty.
“One who lost everything in taxes was Mandrel. He used to be a merchant of the middle class, with a small business and was very talented with magicks. But once he lost all his money he ended up sleeping in the gutters of The Pit along with so many others. He became angry at Lord Tharadain and formed another group of resistance, but this time they had a different plan. Instead of taking what they wanted by force, they stole it instead, and thus the Thieves Guild was formed.
“A golden age swept through the lower class of The Port, and continues still to this day,” Vythe finished. “I was always loathed to know that my family are descendants of the Nevārancien Lord, I always wanted to be related to Mandrel.”
“Did Mandrel build all these tunnels?” Fairris asked after a few minutes of silence.
“Yes,” replied Vythe, “as well as the bridges we will come across. One of which you will no doubt find quite amazing.”
Fairris seemed interested and asked a few more questions. But Lieut was not listening and he pushed on quicker through the tunnels.
Chapter Eighteen

The path of the thief’s tunnels twisted and turned before Lieut, slowly meandering to the south. Lieut turned a couple of corners and came to face a dead end where a small grate at the bottom of the wall let only the water pass beyond.
He stopped his walking and looked about curiously.
Answering Lieut’s unspoken thoughts Vythe moved past him and up to the corner where a small blue rune appeared glowing on the wall. Vythe lightly pressed the rune and a cleverly crafted doorway swung inwards to reveal a flight of stairs going down. As the door opened the water in the tunnel gushed down the steps, making the descent slippery. The narrow staircase quickly opened out onto a ledge that overlooked a raging river and waterfall.
They were on the side of a cliff with no way down or across the river. But looking up Lieut saw their path, and above his head the underside of a bridge could be seen in the darkness. Along the underside of the bridge was a series of metal rungs that ran like a ladder on the arch of the bridge, the first rung being barely inches from his head.
Lieut was about to start across when he saw movement at the other side. Someone dashed from the shadows and swung themselves up onto the rungs and began to come across. Strangely they moved like an ant with their feet finding secure hold on the underside of the bridge and not slipping. In short order the man landed down next to them breathing heavily, his eyes wide with fear.
“Help me,” the man begged as he violently grabbed a hold of Vythe’s shirt. “Blood, there was so much blood. We were attacked, a large man with red eyes and hair of silver. By The Five, the blood!”
Suddenly the man noticed Lieut and his eyes widened and he let out a maniacal scream before scrambling away up the stairs and into the tunnels.
“That was ominous,” Fairris remarked darkly.
“Come on,” Vythe said, and he climbed up on the underside of the bridge and began across in the same fashion as the man that had come across.
Lieut moved after Vythe and swung up in the same way, and to his surprise his feet also stuck to the underside of the bridge. With ease he climbed along the ladder and quickly made it across and joined Vythe on the ledge.
Once Fairris joined them Vythe quickly led the way up the stairs and through a familiar looking secret door. On the other side of the door rushing water met them along with the similar looking tunnels to the ones they had traversed previously. Following Vythe, Lieut quickly raced down the tunnels and splashed through the knee-high water.
Lieut smelt the stench of death several turns before he saw the mutilated corpses of three bodies in the water. All were missing limbs or heads and had their entrails away on the current. Covering his mouth Vythe knelt beside one of the bodies and looked darkly up at Lieut.
Fairris leant up against the wall of the tunnel, covering her nose from the stench, but she quickly drew back her hand from the blood soaked stone.
“Quickly, we must go,” Vythe said as he stood up, still looking at Lieut darkly. “Before the Grand Magi finds a similar fate.”
“What is going on?” Fairris demanded as they quickly left the gruesome scene.
“When I went to the Thieves Guild to buy these chains, they spoke of a large man with silver hair and red eyes who had come barely an hour before myself,” Vythe explained hurriedly. “He wore a navy blue vest, dark pants that were tucked into his tight knee-high boots.”
Fairris looked at Lieut’s attire straight away, which Vythe had practically described.
“This man also carried a black metal war axe with a silver edge,” Vythe continued. “Which reminded me very much of Lieut’s very own sword. This man bought a Key to the City and asked for the direction to the tunnel that led to the Land of Lords. I am finding it very hard to think it a coincidence that Lieut is heading in the same direction. I also find it very hard to believe that you do not know this man Lieut.”
Lieut did not reply.
“That is what I thought,” Vythe said darkly. “After what I saw in the tunnel back there I am starting to wonder what you and this red-eyed warrior want with the Grand Magi.”
“Lieut?” Fairris asked her expression very serious.
Lieut hesitated and stretched the stiffness out of his neck.
“It is the red-eyed man that I am after,” Lieut said through clenched teeth. “Not the Grand Magi.”
Vythe looked at him curiously. “So this red-eyed man is the one after the Grand Magi?”
Lieut nodded stiffly.
“How do you know him?” Vythe pushed.
“And how is Regional Commander Rathgard involved in all this?” Fairris asked.
“None of that is your concern,” Lieut replied seriously.
“Damn it Lieut,” Vythe swore.
Lieut whirled around to face both Vythe and Fairris. “This is my business, and it has always been my business. Be content that I have told you both what I have. I never asked for your company and I will be free of it at any time I wish. If either of you desire to remain in my company and call yourselves my companions, you will ask no more questions on this matter.”
Lieut left it at that and continued on through the tunnels. At first he thought both Vythe and Fairris would let him leave. But before long he heard the slosh of water as they followed.
No words were spoken for a long while after and the only sound to be heard was the splashing of water as they moved through the flooding tunnels. The pouring of water down from the grates above their heads echoed through the passages and the thunder roared distantly. The tunnels twisted and turned this way and that, sometimes dropping down a short descent only to rise back up again. For a long time they walked the drains but soon they came to another dead end where the water drained through small metal bars at the base of the stone wall. But with so much water trying to flush through, the small opening had become clogged and the level of water was up past Lieut’s knees.
Assuming it was similar to the last door they passed through, Lieut moved up to the corner, to the side of the clogged drain. He guessed correctly for as he moved close to the brick work a small blue glowing symbol appeared on the slimy stone. Lieut touched the rune lightly and a secret door swung inwards, forcefully pushed by the water.
Lieut had some trouble going down the stairs with the torrent of water pushing against his back, but as Vythe and Fairris moved past the door it closed and blocked off the deluge.
Lieut descended the last couple of flights of stairs and moved out onto a ledge where a wall of water greeted him. The fast moving river that divided the Land of the Lords from The Ladder raced in front of his golden eyes held at bay by some form of magicks. Trickles of water ran by his foot and floated in the air to join the river’s surge.
“This is Mandrel’s greatest work,” Vythe remarked. “The Water Gate. Look at the stone around you and you will see thousands of small runes etched into the rock, which keep that river at bay and also allow us to move through it. This is the larger of the two watercourses that the River Yorna breaks into as it comes to The Port.”
“Incredible,” Fairris gasped in bewilderment.
Lieut had to agree with Fairris’s statement, it truly was remarkable. Slowly he moved his hand up to the wall of water and let his fingers create waves within the water. The pendant that hung on the chain Vythe had given him flashed brightly for a second and the wall of water parted before him creating a tunnel through the river.
Fairris gasped at the sight and Vythe laughed quietly to himself as he moved into the tunnel. Fairris followed next and Lieut brought up the rear, stepping cautiously onto an unseen surface that was barley inches above the flow of water. But when he went to touch the walls his hand went right into the water.
“It is incredible,” Fairris remarked to Vythe as the water tunnel closed behind them. “How is it all possible?”
“The runes on the stone,” Vythe replied with shrug. “Similar to the bridge we crossed under previously, and the lights in the tunnel. Mandrel carved them all.”
“Why not use normal magicks?” asked Fairris.
“Runes are what Magi call passive magicks,” explained Vythe. “Active magicks, which is nearly everything else, can be easily detected. So you can see why passive magicks appealed to thieves. I am surprised that you know little of magicks when you are so good at them.”
“I know how to use some magicks,” Fairris replied with a shrug, “and that has always been enough. I never even considered going to the Magi Guild and learning the intricacies. But I am curious.”
“You have a strong Quia Fairris, I would have thought you would have been recruited as soon as you turned twelve,” remarked Vythe.
“Learning more of magicks was the last thing on my mind at twelve,” Fairris remarked sadly, causing Vythe to raise an eyebrow curiously.
“Perhaps I can make up for some of your lost chances at gaining knowledge of the intricacies of magicks,” offered Vythe with a smile.
“Alright,” Fairris said with a smile. “What is the Quia you mentioned?”
“Talk as you walk Vythe,” Lieut commanded. “We are far enough behind as it is.”
Lieut said no more and moved quickly towards the ascending stairs, which ended abruptly and the secret door opened wide. A cascade of water met him in the face, knocking him back a step, but he pushed through it. After a great struggle he, Vythe and Fairris were soon in the tunnels, breathing heavily with the door shut behind them.
“Right, what is Quia?” Vythe laughed as they set off through the tunnel. “It is quite simple really. Quia is the term used to refer to one’s inner strength or level of magickal power. It is the strength of will and spirit, and is directly related to your connection to the magicks of the Fog.”
“So the more powerful the Magi the greater their Quia or power is?” Fairris said slowly and Vythe nodded. “Alright, how do runes work?”
“Another easy one,” replied Vythe. “The rune markings upon an object create a pathway for the Fog to move through. Such markings can imbue the object with characteristics. Take these lights for example. Those crystals have runes upon them that cause the crystal to illuminate when in the vicinity of the pendants I bought from the Thieves Guild.”
“And the underside of the bridge?” asked Fairris.
“Runes that cause your feet to have extra friction and stickiness when they come in contact with the stone,” Vythe replied.
“What about the Water Gate?” Fairris asked curiously.
Vythe laughed. “Do not ask me to explain that one, for I have no notion of how Mandrel was able to do it. He used thousands of runes, and considering that when you combine two runes that are not compatible the magicks will violently tear the object apart, I am not going to attempt to understand.”
“Did you not say once that you wrote a dissertation on runes when you were in the Magi Guild?” Fairris remembered.
“Indeed I did,” Vythe replied with a nod. “Which was the same one that Magi Cardonian passed off as his own. It theorised that dwarven runes could be used to make the process simpler, for truthfully the Dwarves had already mastered the art of Runiology. But because they are so secretive and kept their knowledge to themselves, none others know of it.”
“Then how did you?” Fairris asked curiously.
“There was an old dwarf who used to work for my father,” Vythe replied. “He was kind enough to teach me and show me a few things. But nothing substantial enough to do anything more than theorise about dwarven runes.”
“Why are the Dwarves secretive?” Fairris asked out loud.
“The same reason the Elves are,” Vythe was quick to say. “But neither race can be blamed, for it is obvious that Men are very foolish and greedy when it comes to power and the obtainment of more power. Why else do you think Magi Cardonian stole my work?”
“Is that the reason you were expelled?” Fairris inquired.
“Partly,” Vythe said. “Of course he is Grand Magi now, largely thanks to my work. After he passed my thesis off as his own I sought revenge and implicated him in making malicious deals with unsavoury individuals. He had me expelled and soon became Grand Magi.”
“Did he really make such deals?” asked Fairris in wonder.
“How do you think he became Grand Magi so quickly?” Vythe countered, and then he shrugged. “But it does not matter now.”
Fairris asked a few more questions about the Magi Guild, but for most of the time the silence was filled with the sounds of water and the rumble of the storm.
It was not long into the trip under the Land of Lords, when Lieut started to notice the alarming increase in water that was flowing through the tunnels, so much so that even he was starting to struggle against the flow.
“We need to get out of these tunnels,” Vythe remarked seriously. “The deluge will wash us away.”
“Where is the closest exit?” Lieut asked in agreement.
“Follow me,” Vythe said, and he led the way through the water and down a side tunnel, one of only a few that had been seen throughout the trip. 
They pushed through the water and around the corner to see a glowing Fog barrier in their way. But as Vythe neared it the pendant around his neck flared and the wall parted down the centre. By now the waters were driving into them with serious intent to wash them away. Thankfully Vythe began to climb up the closest metal rungs that were imbedded in the tunnel wall and led up to a small hatch.
Lieut and Fairris followed Vythe up the ladder and found themselves in the large basement of a house. Crates of goods lined the walls and lay around stone columns, and a crystal wall light cast an orange glow about the room and reflected off the puddles of water they had brought with them from the drainage tunnels.
“Where are we?” asked Fairris. “Do all the houses have such easy access to them?”
“No.” Vythe shook his head. “This is the manor of a former leader of the Thieves Guild, and my mentor.”
“I do not have time for any reunions,” Lieut said seriously.
“Agreed,” Vythe said, before heading up the stairs.
The staircase was only short and he followed Vythe into a large kitchen with nicely tiled floors and painted walls. A wide door opposite the cellar stairs led to a dining room, another doorway led to a hallway and another up a narrow flight of stairs. Vythe moved to the door that led out into a side alley that was used by the servants of the house.
As Vythe reached the door the sound of light feet came into the kitchen and in floated a beautiful woman with long silver-blonde hair, porcelain skin, stunning moss green eyes and delicately pointed ears. She was a snow elf, a Lithinüer from Thienlin to the north of Crydon, also known as the High Steep. The elegant elf wore a light nightgown of rich white satin that enhanced the colour of her eyes. Her radiance seemed to emanate around the kitchen as she floated over the tiles, brightening the corners with an inner glow.
“My dear Vythe, why do you pass through my home without a word of greeting?” the snow elf asked, her voice clear and soft.
“Sārlien, I assumed you were abed.” Vythe bowed in apology. “The hour is quite late.”
“Do not offer me your lies, Master Varrintine.” The elf narrowed her eyes. “I know it would be more than mere thievery that would see you return to Port Na’brath. Give me truth.”
Vythe bowed again. “I apologise, my companions, Fairris, and Lieut, and I are tracking a large red-eyed man through the city. The same man killed three members of our guild earlier this very night. It is important that we find him before he reaches the Magi Guild.”
“I have heard of the trouble you speak,” Sārlien said gravely. “The same man is said to have emerged from the city tunnels not long ago where the guards tried to arrest him for having no permit. This red-eyed man killed them before disappearing into the city.”
“You have talked long enough, Vythe,” Lieut said forcefully as he moved towards the door.
“A relation of yours, Lieut?” Sārlien was quick to ask, making him stop. “The man’s description almost matches your own image.”
“I leave, Vythe.” Lieut ignored the snow elf. “If you wish to remain and talk say so.”
“I apologise again Sārlien,” Vythe said. “But I must go, if I find the time I will tell you all I know.”
“Be careful, Vythe,” Sārlien warned. “These times of peace are fast turning dark, and I believe you are at the edge of that darkness.”
Vythe blew the elf a kiss and pushed past Lieut and out the door.  Lieut followed quickly and Fairris joined them in the rain outside.
In the Land of Lords the streets were paved with patterned stone and a street light sat on every corner. At the edge of the roads were crafted gutters and metal grates, and at the centre of the widest streets were islands of gardens and small trees. The houses were tall and narrow, three stories at their highest with many balconies, painted colourfully. Above every door hung a coat of arms or a flag with the house’s design on it. The buildings were built alongside one another to limit the amount of dark alleys in this section of the city. But there was the occasional service alley where servants of the houses could enter without being seen going through the front door.
Lieut stood in the middle of one of the service alleys and began to head out into the city streets, but Vythe grabbed him by the arm and stopped him.
“You will draw far too much attention from city guards walking along the streets,” Vythe said seriously. “Follow me. There is an access to the roofs this way.”
Vythe was right so Lieut followed without objection to the end of the alley where a small blue rune appeared on one of the bricks, slightly different looking to the ones in the tunnels. But like the runes in the tunnels Vythe touched it lightly and it flared brightly before a dozen bricks began to slide out from the house, taking the form of a ladder up the side of the building.
Vythe began climbing, Lieut followed quickly and Fairris came up behind them. It was an easy climb for Lieut and he was standing on the roof within seconds, looking out across the city. As the lightning flashed he caught a glimpse of great domed roofs in the distance as well as a huge natural arch that stretched out into the ocean, which was where the Magi Guild was built.
“No trouble, Fairris?” Vythe asked the elf when she joined them.
“None,” Fairris replied. “I was climbing walls and running across roofs through most of my childhood.”
“Really?” remarked Vythe, looking at Fairris curiously. “I did not expect that, would you care to elaborate?”
“No. Let’s continue,” Fairris was quick to reply.
“Very well, you can see the arch from here,” Vythe said, pointing into the distance. “It is easy enough to follow the line of buildings towards it and then to the docks.”
“The docks?” Lieut asked Vythe curiously.
“There is a forgotten staircase that leads up into the Guild,” Vythe explained. “See there, where the arch touches back down into the bay.”
As the lightning flashed again Lieut could make out a small rocky island at the edge of the bay. Lieut nodded and started off at a jog across the uneven roof tops as they stretched into the city and towards the natural arch. Vythe and Fairris fell into step behind him and soon they were racing across the ridges of the roofs, none of them disturbing the terracotta tiles that all the buildings had.
As Lieut ran along his mind kept wondering about meeting up with his brother, and he was eager to do so, but for some reason he was also afraid. What if he could not be cured from this illness that had crept into his mind in the form of the Fog? What if his mind could never return to the state it was before all this had happened?
The thought truly scared him, but not nearly as much as the thought of never knowing. As his mind raced around in mental circles his pace gradually increased, and soon he was at an all-out sprint and Vythe and Fairris were struggling to keep up.
Ahead of Lieut the building dropped away as the next house fell to only two stories high, but across the void were three sturdy chimneys with little terracotta tiled roofs of their own. His mind hardly registered the obstacle and he agilely dashed across the chutes and back onto the line of roof tops. The line of the buildings began to turn more to the south and away from the west and gaps began to appear between the houses, but they were of little concern to Lieut. Without slowing Lieut jumped across a gap between the buildings and rolled to his feet on the other side, a full story below from where he had jumped.
The houses continued at this level for many minutes more and now he was heading due south. Up ahead the buildings returned to a height of three stories and a flat brick wall threatened to make him find another way to continue on. But Lieut did not slow down and look for another path, instead he increased his speed and virtually ran up the brick work. Launching himself off the third step up the wall he grabbed a hold of the edge of the roof and easily pulled himself up.
Before long the buildings came to an end and Lieut overlooked a huge market square. Dozens of other roads led from the square and each of them beginning with a large archway with many statues along the top. At the centre of the square was a large fountain in the shape of a tall, stern looking man. In one hand he held a sword while the other was stretched out before his face as if receiving something from the heavens. Around him hung blue glowing orbs that floated effortlessly in the air and cast the statue in a bright light.
Just then Vythe and Fairris slid to a stop alongside him, labouring for breath, and one of them accidently dislodged a tile from the roof. The tile flew silently through the air before shattering loudly on the marble pavement below.
“Cardonian Square,” Vythe remarked between deep breaths. “Every time there is a new High Lord of Port Na’brath a statue of him is erected here. Hence the current name of Cardonian Square.”
“Why?” asked Fairris, who was also sucking up deep breaths.
“It does not matter,” Lieut cut in and he set off again.
Lieut moved from the rooftop and out onto one of the arches that marked the entrance of the square. Vythe and Fairris reluctantly followed him as he agilely skipped across the top of the arch.
Lieut was halfway across another arch when he noticed the flicker of a torch in the dim streets. Quickly he darted behind one of the statues that sat atop the archway, and he motioned for Vythe and Fairris to do the same.
Hiding in the shadows atop the portico Lieut watched the guards walk painstakingly slow from one street and across the square. One of the guards pointed out something to the other and they walked over to where the tile had shattered upon the ground. The first guard knelt down to get a better look while the other squinted against the rain and scanned the roof tops. Eventually they shrugged to one another and continued their patrol.
As soon as the guards disappeared Lieut set off again, finding a straight line of buildings towards the west. He again started off at a jog but it soon turned into a sprint. Even though he was still somewhat wary of how his brother would react upon their meeting, he had to see him and at this point his brother was the only stability he might have to sort out the problem of his mind.












Chapter Nineteen

Lieut sprinted along the ridges of the roofs and danced around any chimneys that blocked his path. He jumped any gaps in the buildings and skilfully overcame any obstacle in his path. Not once did his foot slip on the slick tiles, nor did he loose his balance on the narrow ridges. The rain continued to fall and the thunder rumbled, but it was clear that the bulk of the storm was moving towards the eastern highlands.
The rain had already reduced to a light drizzle and he came to a stop overlooking yet another square. But this one was far less grand, a large tree sat in the far corner its wide bows covering half the area and shading a rather promiscuous fountain of a naked woman carved in very realistic detail.
Floating in the air around the statue were small glowing lights that accentuated the womanly curves of the statue and caused Lieut’s mind to wander for a brief second. On the other side of the square the houses dropped down to only single story buildings and were obviously less well made. That side of the square was where the servants for the lords and ladies lived and also the location of the second largest port of the city.
“Strange,” Vythe remarked as he came up alongside Lieut. “The guards usually make this area a common stop on their patrol. I am sure you can guess why.”
“We will take to the streets now,” Lieut replied and he dropped from the high roof down to the wet streets below.
Not willing to drop down from a two-story building, or use any magicks that could alert the guards, both Vythe and Fairris took a bit longer to reach the streets, but Lieut waited for them. By the time it took for Vythe and Fairris to reach him, Lieut had not seen a single guard patrol move through the square. Likely his brother had done something that caused the guards to be in another part of the city.
“Something must have drawn the guard’s attention,” Vythe remarked, voicing Lieut’s thoughts.
“At least it makes our journey easier,” Fairris remarked quietly.
Lieut did not say anything and he jogged out into the square, past the fountain and into the shadowed streets and alleys that would take him to the docks.
The rain continued to subside and soon it was nothing more than a light sprinkle and a mist drifting in from the sea, shrouding the lanterns and providing them with a more stealthy passage. Soon Lieut felt the wooden boards of the docks under foot and his eyes could see the tall masts of ships in the dull light and the wharfs as they stretched into the bay.
The thud of their feet on the boards echoed uncomfortably around them but was thankfully lost in the sound of the waves knocking about the boats that were tied in the dock. The smell of salt and wet wood filled Lieut’s senses as they made their swift way along the docks to the south.
“Stop,” Fairris said suddenly as she grabbed Lieut and Vythe by the arm. “Listen.”
At first Lieut could only hear the slosh of water and the clunk of wood. But then his sharp ears picked up the sound of metal on wood and the clink of chainmail. Vythe was still wondering what they were hearing when Lieut motioned for them to hide with him behind a stack of boxes. Together they knelt in the shadows and waited patiently for the guards to come and go. Gradually the sounds of chainmail and heavy boots grew louder, before too long the light of a torch searched out through the thick mist and sliced through the gaps in the boxes. A group of three guards appeared moving through the cloud towards where they were hiding, speaking in hushed tones.
“What kind of monster could have done such a thing?” the first guard stammered.
“Five guards cut in half,” the second guard said grimly. “The days are growing dark my friends.”
“We should sound the alarm,” the third guard said nervously.
“No need,” replied the first. “All guards are on duty since the first alarm call. Another would only put the people in a panic.”
“You think the patrol that we left back there at the murder scene will be safe?” the second guard asked with concern. “You don’t think this silver-haired man will come back that way?”
“No,” replied the first guard. “But the guy is still around. I can feel it.”
“Good,” sneered the third guard. “I should like to chop his head off myself and put it on a spike. Three of those killed were my good friends.”
“Don’t be a fool,” scolded the first guard. “Come on, stay focused.”
Their voices became muffled as they moved around the corner and the light of their torches disappeared into the mist.
“Another massacre,” Fairris remarked softly as they moved from behind the crates.
“This man you follow is certainly ruthless, Lieut,” Vythe said grimly.
Lieut did not reply and turned to continue.
“We cannot go that way,” Fairris said. “There is likely a group of guards at the murder scene as they said.”
“Follow me,” replied Vythe.
Lieut let Vythe lead them out along one of the wharves before he turned back to the south and climbed over the docked boats and ships. Understanding Vythe’s intent Lieut took the lead, darting up gang planks and hopping across the decks of massive seafaring vessels before jumping back down to the next jetty in line. Their going was slower but at least it allowed them to avoid any possible trouble with the city guard. Besides it was not that hard jumping across boats and hopping along lines of mooring poles that stuck out of the water. As he came to the last jetty in the line the mist seemed to lessen and the clouds above their heads had blown away letting the twin moons shine down upon them and turning the mist into a silver veil.
Lieut paused at the last jetty as he waited for Vythe and Fairris to join him, and he looked up to the gigantic natural arch that stretched out across the bay. It was no doubt once a headland that reached into the ocean like the prow of a ship, but the slow decay of time and the relentless seas had worn away the rock leaving behind a great archway. Even though he was some ways away it towered over the top of him with the building of the Magi Guild glowing in the moonlight. Strangely the Magi had even built on the underside of the arch and created towers that clung to the rock hundreds of feet above the waves.
When Vythe and Fairris joined him, Lieut moved to a small boat tied at the dock and untied the ropes and jumped down into the shallow hull.
“We are stealing someone’s boat?” Vythe asked dryly, but he hopped in as well.
“Nothing new for you Vythe,” Fairris said playfully as she joined them.
Lieut and Vythe took up the oars and pushed from the jetty and began to row into the bay.
“I never stole immorally,” Vythe replied indignantly.
“The noble thief.” Lieut scoffed at Vythe. “Take from the rich to give to the poor? Stealing is stealing Vythe, and it is only ever for one’s own gain. Do not mask your acts as moral thievery. That is a lie.”
Vythe considered this closely as they rowed. “Theft is theft,” Vythe eventually agreed. “But the reasons behind the theft can be moral and noble.”
Lieut did not bother saying anything more.
“I only ever stole because I had to,” Fairris remarked quietly.
“Really?” Vythe asked in surprise as he pulled back on the oar. “Why would you ever need to steal?”
Fairris looked away across the still water. “After my parents died, stealing was really the only way that I could eat.”
“I find it hard to believe that you lived on the streets,” Vythe replied. “Tell me more.”
“We are nearly there,” Fairris replied, changing the topic.
The arch was practically over the top of them now as they rowed towards the small rocky island where it touched down into the water. The sea was becoming harder to navigate with many rocks spearing out of the water or lying just below the surface. But they made it to the island safe enough, with having only suffered a few scrapes and bumps. Once standing on the barnacle-covered rocks and seaweed, Vythe led the way over the island.
As Lieut climbed over he saw another boat being battered against the rocks of the island and listing heavily. It was evidence to show that his brother was not far ahead of them.
Following Vythe, Lieut jogged along the flats to the ocean side of the island. There the climb descended to a narrow path that was virtually at the same level as the water.  The path led under the rock and into a long narrow cavern with a high ceiling.
As soon as Lieut moved under the rock a terrible smell assaulted him, making his nose hairs burn and his eyes water.
“The smell,” coughed Fairris, covering her nose. “This must be the lair of some troll.”
“Indeed it is,” Vythe said quietly, also covering his nose and mouth. “The Magi acquired one from the Broiling Moors in Krnōrel. The beast protects the secret stair.”
“Not anymore,” Lieut said as they walked around a corner to see a bloody mess.
The water beside the path ended in a shallow pool in the centre of a round cave. Piles of bones lay around the base of several stalagmites that sat in the corner. The light of the moons shone through holes in the ceiling, and lying on the stone surrounded by a pool of black blood was a dead troll.
“It’s huge,” Fairris exclaimed as they moved closer to the carcass.
“It cannot have been dead long,” Vythe remarked as he took a closer look at the beast’s wounds. “Its blood has not yet congealed.”
“It must have been over ten-feet tall,” Fairris remarked. “Such devilry, yet this red-eyed man has made short work of the beast.”
Behind the dead troll Lieut could see an old stone door that had been knocked off its hinges. Behind the broken door he saw a staircase spiralling up into the natural arch. Lieut did not need Vythe to lead the way anymore, it was clear which way to go and without a second thought for the troll he skipped past the body and began the climb up into the Magi Guild.
One foot over the other Lieut began his climb up and soon the minutes were drifting by and his anxiety increased. Dust lined the steps and cobwebs hung in every nook and cranny with the owners of those webs long dead. As he climbed crypts began to line the walls in small recesses that were filled with old bones. Along the walls were also small holes where the dead’s skulls had been placed, smiling at him as he passed with wide grins and hollow eyes.
The stairs finally flattened into a small room with stone supports lining the chamber. But this was only a further extension to the crypts with bones piled in the corners and skulls lining the walls.
“What use would a Magi Guild have for the dead?” Fairris asked uneasily.
“That is one secret I never really discovered.” Vythe replied with a shrug. “Perhaps the villagers in the old times used to send their dead to be buried within the guild. Or maybe the Magi used to take in the sick and diseased to try and cure them, and if the ill died, they placed them in here so the sickness would not spread. Perhaps the Magi used to experiment on the effects the Fog had on people and shoved away their secret down here, so no one would know.”
Lieut ignored the conversation and quickly moved for the next set of stairs heading upwards. Crypts did not concern him now that he was so close to meeting up with his brother.
This set of stairs was less dusty and thankfully not as long and soon he was moving into the lowest part of the Guild, which was also an extensive archive. Bookcases lined the walls and created a maze through the large chamber reaching right up to the high ceiling. Old tomes and scrolls filled every shelf of the bookcases, all covered in dust and likely forgotten by most of the Magi. Red glowing crystals floated in the air illuminating the cavernous chamber and casting deep shadows. Nothing could be heard aside from the sounds of their own feet as they walked along, kicking up the dust that lay heavily on the stone tiles.
“I am familiar with this area of the Guild,” Vythe remarked as he took the lead. “And I know of another secret passageway, this one going right to the Grand Magi’s very own quarters.”
Lieut did not argue and followed Vythe through the maze of bookshelves. Vythe led them up another short flight of stairs to another floor filled with books, but this one seemed more readily used. In fact there was little to no dust and cobwebs around the area, and the floating crystal lights gave off a greater radiance. The bookcases were still a maze filled with small side rooms where tables and chairs sat for students and masters to read in quiet solitude.
Despite the chaotic layout Vythe seemed to know where he was going, and he led them to a dark corner where a couple of steps led down into a small and forgotten study.
At the centre of the room sat a small table with a single chair, a glowing crystal hung in the air and a small bookcase sat in the far corner. Vythe moved past the table and went straight to the bookcase where he ran his fingers over the stone beside it and pressed hard in a specific spot. The sound of a moving bolt was heard and the bookcase swung out with a resounding creak to reveal a dimly glowing passage.
“How ever did you come across this?” Fairris asked curiously. “I find it hard to believe that you might have stumbled upon it by accident.”
“I enjoy a good read,” Vythe replied honestly. “And I happened across an old journal by one of the first Grand Magi, the same one who built these passageways. This one will lead straight to the Grand Magi’s private study.”
Lieut did not need to hear any more. He pushed past Vythe and into the narrow corridor. At the end of the passage yet more stairs greeted him, and without a thought he began to climb up the steep spiral. Moving up this flight of stairs seemed to take ten times longer than the other ones combined. Lieut’s feet echoed off the cold stone and his breath was loud in his ears.
Lieut suddenly stopped his climb as he heard the sound of breaking timber and a cry of pain above him, both Vythe and Fairris heard it as well.
“Damn it,” Vythe swore and he rushed past Lieut up the stairs with Lieut and Fairris following quickly.
Close behind Vythe, Lieut came around the last turn in the staircase to see a wooden door blocking his path. But as they neared, the door silently swung out into a large room, which was lined with bookshelves with a few tables and chairs around. Stacked on the table were piles of old papers and books, and the door they had come through was in fact one of the many bookcases.
To the side as Lieut came into the room the Grand Magi Fenard Cardonian lay atop his desk which was a pile of splinters on the floor. Standing ominously above the Magi with his huge black metal war axe resting on one shoulder was his brother. Lieut’s brother turned to regard him curiously when he walked in and he casually dropped his axe into the chest of the Grand Magi.
“No,” yelled Vythe, and he took a step towards Lieut’s brother and the grand Magi.
Lieut quickly intercepted, grabbing Vythe’s outstretched hand and swinging him around to slam him in the face with his elbow. He punched Vythe in the gut, blasting the air from his lungs and Lieut palmed him heavily in the chest sending him staggering backwards into Fairris. Under the weight of Vythe and the blow, Fairris fell backwards down the stairs with Vythe on top of her.
Quickly Lieut slammed the secret door shut and wedged a nearby chair into it so it could not easily be opened again. He then turned back to his brother, whose red eyes were regarding him suspiciously.













Chapter Twenty

Apart from the red eyes, Lieut’s brother was virtually identical to him, with similar features, the same clothes and the same silver hair. Although, his brother’s hair was cut short, and his brother was also near on a foot taller than Lieut’s six-foot frame. Lieut’s brother also had much broader shoulders and a bulkier frame.
“Why are you here, Nen’on?” his brother asked him in a deep monotone voice.
“I need your help Nar’to,” Lieut replied cautiously.
“You were given a hundred percent success rate with your mission,” Nar’to said. “You do not need aid.”
“Not with my mission,” Lieut clarified. “I am ill. Events happened that had not been accounted for, my ship crashed and somehow I ended up with Fog inside my head.”
His brother yanked his axe from the Magi’s chest and returned it to his shoulder.
Nar’to shook his head, “You should not be here. It is disobeying protocol.”
“Did you not hear me? I am ill,” Lieut replied forcefully. “I need to get home, I need to be cured. I need your help. I can no longer make any communications. Help me.”
“You would abandon your mission?”
“No,” Lieut said emphatically. “I just want to be the way that I was before the Fog invaded my mind.”
“If you abandon your mission, you must be destroyed,” Nar’to replied simply.
“Brother, do you not understand me?” Lieut asked in confusion. “Listen to what I am saying and not to the commands in your head.”
“You are beginning to sound like our youngest brother whom we had to destroy,” Nar’to remarked, taking a step towards him.
“Please, my brother.” Lieut was bewildered. “I just want to go home, I just want to be cured. Will you not help me?”
Nar’to took another step forward. “If you abandon your mission you must die. You are a danger to the success of our people and you must be destroyed.”
Lieut’s shoulders slumped in despair and he felt tightness across his chest. He hardly registered that his brother was striding towards him, brandishing his axe. At the last second Lieut’s instinct for survival empowered him and in the blink of an eye he brought his sword down from his shoulder to block Nar’to’s attack.
The power of the blow sent Lieut flying backwards and through the wooden door that led out of the study. Crashing to the ground he rolled to his feet and was ready to face his brother.
“Why are you doing this brother?” Lieut asked desperately, backing around the table and chairs that sat at the entrance of the room.
Behind him was the door that led out of the Grand Magi’s quarters, and in front was a large desk in front of a huge stained-glass window where the Grand Magi met visitors.
“We follow commands,” replied Nar’to as he stalked him around the room. “We do as instructed and do not question.”
“If you would just listen to me brother,” Lieut tried again to reason with Nar’to.
“You are no longer my brother,” Nar’to cut in as he attacked viciously.
Lieut could feel his world shattering around him and it was as if all the air had been blasted from his lungs. His brothers were the only things he had ever held dear, and the only ones he could ever relate to. He could feel his stomach grow heavy and beginning to churn as all strength seemed to leave him with the utterance of those words.
At the last second Lieut ducked under Nar’to’s attack and countered with a spin, forcing his brother backwards. Despite how bleak it all seemed at that moment he was not about to be defeated in battle.
His despair turned to anger and Lieut forced Nar’to backwards, his sword slicing at his brother from all possible angles. But his brother was no novice in battle and skilfully deflected each attack, using the impetus of Lieut’s attacks to move his own blows. Lieut gave Nar’to no chance to counter and continued to push him backwards until the large desk of the Grand Magi was right behind his brother. With a quick shift of his feet he slammed Nar’to’s axe high and sliced across horizontally.
Nar’to was up to the task and rolled backwards across the top of the table. Moving quickly Lieut kicked the desk, sending it sliding towards Nar’to. With a roar his brother chopped at the desk and sent it tumbling to the side and crashing into the huge stained-glass window.
“You will not defeat me this time Nen’on,” Nar’to declared loudly and a red glow appeared along the razor edges of his axe.
Lieut narrowed his eyes and summoned a similar golden glow to the edge of his sword.
Lieut’s eyes flashed as their blades connected, sending sparks raining through the air and scorching whatever they landed upon. His brother came at him with renewed ferocity causing him to back-pedal around the room dodging and weaving away from Nar’to’s axe. Lieut knew he was faster and more agile than his brother, but Nar’to was much stronger. He also knew that during the days when he and his brothers had nothing to do but spar amongst them, none of his brothers had ever beaten him.
But there was a difference to sparing and fighting for real, and as it was he was working furiously to stay out of reach of his brother’s powerful strikes. Every time Nar’to’s attack missed and connected with a bookcase or other such object, that object would explode in a shower of burning debris. The burning debris were causing the room to slowly catch alight, and if the fight did not end soon the room would turn into a furnace.
As the fight continued Lieut found that he could not press the attack for fear of actually beating his brother, for he knew that that victory would only come at the death of Nar’to. The thought of killing his brother turned his stomach. He could not bring himself to kill one of his own blood ever again.
Lieut’s mind continued to contradict itself and tie a knot in his gut, and he knew that he was becoming distracted from the fight.
A chair exploded as he just moved his head out of the way from a chop from Nar’to. The burning bits of wood flew into a pile of books and old papers at the base of a bookcase. Instantly the old parchment caught fire and the books and wood above it were soon burning.
Nar’to pushed Lieut backwards with a combination of heavy strikes that he barely deflected and avoided. This had to stop, he had to put aside his personal feelings else he would lose his head.
By now the fire raged around the room and had spread into the Grand Magi’s bedroom that was adjacent to the meeting room they were fighting in. The feather bed and thick rug quickly caught the flames, adding to the heavy smoke that hung in the air and stung Lieut’s golden eyes.
This had to end before they were both burned alive. With a growl of anger and despair Lieut took a stand against his brother’s attacks on the raised platform where the desk used to stand.
Behind him the fires turned the stone black and in front of him he could see the glow of the coming dawn through the large window.
Lieut had managed to pirouette and weave around Nar’to’s attacks, deflecting and countering where he could using the momentum of Nat’to’s great swings to spin into his own slices. Suddenly their weapons locked together. Putting him at a serious disadvantage to his stronger brother, and Nar’to knew it as well and pushed ahead.
Stubbornly Lieut pushed back, but he knew it was no use. The fire burned hot behind him and he knew that unless he could get out of this deadlock he would start to burn. Nar’to’s eyes bore into him emotionlessly as he pushed him further towards the fire.
Lieut thought about using one of his weapon techniques to break the combat, but not enough Fog had accumulated within the Anther crystals of his sword.
“No longer will you be considered the greatest of us,” Nar’to said through clenched teeth. “You will die a traitor.”
Lieut heard the words but he was not listening, for he began to feel the pain at the side of his head and blood began to trickle down his cheek and behind his ear.
Nar’to’s eyes widened in surprise as the Fog began to flow out from Lieut’s head. It swirled in front of Lieut’s eyes and was absorbed by his sword. Only a small amount went into the Anther crystals but Lieut felt a sudden pulse in power. Suddenly that energy burst forth without his command and blasted Nar’to backwards through the air and he crashed through the stained-glass window.
Pain shot through Lieut’s chest as he heard his brother’s yells, which were suddenly silenced. He tried to move to the window to see, but the pain in his head forced him to his knees as strange emotions and feelings racked his mind.
Distantly Lieut heard someone call to him, but he could not respond as the pain was too great. Finally the pain subsided and the Fog returned to his head. The heat from the fire seemed to suddenly vanish and he heard some words being spoken, but he was too groggy to attempt to respond to them. Suddenly he felt a heavy blow at the back of his head and his world went black.
**********************************************************************************************************************************

