 "Charlie the Great White Horse"
Trilogy of Books 
~Book Three~






~Prologue~
This is the third book in the series of "Charlie the Great White Horse"

  In the first book of the series called: "Charlie the Great White Horse and the Story of the Magic Jingle Bells". A constant: daydreaming, red-haired, ten year old boy Louis Parks, and his friends who live in Centerville, in the heart of Indiana in the early 1900's, became town heroes by saving Christmas one year; with the help of a very special horse named-"Charlie the Barnyard Horse". 
  Everyone in town thought that Ole' Charlie was just an old working carthorse who delivers the ice for the town-folks in the wintertime, but that ended up being the very farthest thing from the real truth. 
  Well it turned out that Charlie the Horse was no ordinary horse after all. In fact he is one of the last of his kind of horses that once roamed the face of the earth: who are called Arions or Semi-Immortal Horses who were bred, and taken care of by the Ancients who have come to live out their last days on earth, in Centerville. 
  Santa Claus was in need of a replacement for Rudolf the Red Nosed reindeer who is soon to retire. With the help of: Santa Claus, Mr. Beamer, Louis, and his boyhood friends, and mostly with the help of string of magic jingle bells, Charlie the Great White Horse was magically reborn on Christmas Eve, saving the future of Christmas, for all the children of the world.

***

  In the second book called: "Charlie the Great White Horse and the Journey to the North Pole", little Louis and his friends again had a calling (that was destiny) to save Christmas once again. Louis with his friends: Hot Tamale Molly, and Chug Martin, (with the help of Mr. Beamer), planned a long and very dangerous trip to the North Pole to stop the evil Squint-Eye Pete, and Black Jack Tilly from forever taking over and running Santa's Village. By luck Black Jack and Squint-Eye, had created evil presents for all the children of the world to play with, and cornered the toy market in the process. Each toy, the children played with, had the power to steal: the creativity, joy, and minds of its users. Louis saved Christmas, through his never-ending courage, and willpower but mostly, it was because of his unbreakable love for his best friend, "Charlie the Horse".

***

  In the third book called: "Charlie the Great White Horse and the Journey to Egypt", fate again has called on Louis to answer his destiny. With the help of his newfound friends from the first two books, and a few new strange and unforgettable characters from this newest adventure, Louis must once again thwart a new evil. It is an evil that is all encompassing and threatens to take over, all the good in the world. 
  As this story unfolds, it turns out that Mr. Beamer is indeed an "Ancient", not just an old farmer as he has been pretending to be, all these years. He is one of a great breeder of horses, and a truly wizened old wizard, who has lived on the earth since recorded time it's self. He is the overseer and caretaker, of the last of the great Arion race of horses, who are now calling Centerville home. 
  With the help of Charlie the Great White Horse, his son Junior, Louis, and his loyal friends, all must now face an ever-growing and purer "true evil", in a final and great battle for the minds, future, and good of all the children in the world.
  Now it is known that two special and magical books still exist in the world, from the Ancient Times. One book has been stolen, and has now fallen into the hands of evil, and one book lies in the hands of good, belonging to Mr. Beamer. 
  With the help of Mr. Beamer, Charlie and their friends they must decipher the secret writings found inside their copy of the sacred good book called: The Book of Honorius before the evil Squint-Eye Pete, his mom Big Sal Rossi, and the "Missouri Rats" decipher their copy of the evil book called: The Book of Aka Manah.
  Little Louis must once again take an epic journey filled with hope and courage, to the far ends of the earth, to answer his true calling in life. 
  The journey will be filled with inconceivable dangers, vile animals, strange otherworldly beasts, and evil men. Their journey will encompass the crossing over of far-away lands, wild vast deserts, exploring strange and magnificent cities, meeting great Shamans, Wizards, and Spiritualists; but most of all it will be the new unfolding story of Louis, and his final destiny. Because Louis will now be called on by a Higher-Power to unleash his inner mind and inner-courage, to thwart evil, as it never has been thwarted before, in the valley of the birth of humankind: "The Valley of the Kings", in ancient Egypt.  
  It's, just another day in the life of Louis Robert Parks. 
  
 "Charlie the Great White Horse and the Journey to Egypt"








~Contents~

Chapter 1 The Chest of Secrets........................................................................6
Chapter 2 Meet Big Sal..................................................................................12
Chapter 3 Another Day in Centerville...........................................................20

Chapter 4 Miss Trumble's Attic and Mr. Harvey the Ghost..........................28

Chapter 5 The Chest of Secrets Book One....................................................36

Chapter 6 The Chest of Secrets Book Two....................................................41

Chapter 7 The Book of Aka Manah...............................................................48

Chapter 8 The Rock Quarry...........................................................................53

Chapter 9 Honorius of Thebes: The Sworn Book..........................................62

Chapter 10 Mr. Beamer's Attic......................................................................75
Chapter 11 The Lucky 7 Train to Saint Louis?...........................................82
Chapter 12 The Pegusus........................................................................................................100
Chapter 13 Kauket.......................................................................................115

Chapter 14 The Journey Begins...................................................................122 

Chapter 15 Meet Elwood Booker................................................................134

Chapter 16 Harpeia "The Snatcher"............................................................145

Chapter 17 The Firebird????...............................................................160 
Chapter 18 King Kulika...............................................................................165
Chapter 19 The Shaman of Shambala..........................................................179
Chapter 20 The Neither World....................................................................191
Chapter 21 The Return to Egypt..................................................................202
Chapter 22 The Valley of the Kings............................................................220
Chapter 23 The Return of "Hathor the Solar Deity"....................................238
Chapter 24 Apohasis the Destroyer.............................................................257
Chapter 25 Inside the Belly of the Beast.....................................................267
Chapter 26 The Golden Horn.......................................................................274
Chpater 27 Back to Mr. Beamer's Barn.......................................................301
Epilog...........................................................................................................308 












~Chapter 1~
The Chest of Secrets

    "It's nice to have you back?old friend." 
    "It's been a long time since I, felt the comfort of your evil powers."
    "Evil belongs to me once more!" garbled Squint-Eye Pete as he popped his crazy evil eyeball back into its black empty socket, with his long chilly fingers.
  For three long weeks, Squint had been without his crutch, and best friend. The reviled evil eye had finally found its way back to its Dark Master...never to be lost again. 
    "Now how do I get out of this stench filled, reeking old bear cave, down the mountainside and into Santa's Village?" mumbled Squint as he fumbled about in the darkened cave.
  Squint-Eye Pete had made it to safety, out of the cold, dark waters of the Great Lake that night during the struggle, for the famed Cimmaron Cutter by floating on a piece of wreckage though out the fury of the great storm. Only by luck and determination, had he survived the night. 
  Temporarily defeated; but not beaten. 
  After a perilous struggle he finally had washed ashore where, Apollo and Jupiter had swam to their salvation (at the base of the "Table Rock Lighthouse") on the farthest northern shore of the Great Lake.
  After a few days of rest and plotting, Pete was off again, stalking his prey. Day and night, he tracked Apollo and Jupiter by their hoof prints in the snow. Pete trundled onward with hatred for his victims in his blackened heart, throughout the greater: wide, open lands of Canada, the Boreal Forest, through the Arctic Tundra fields, and eventually to the base of the Dark Mountain. Then upwards he climbed until he finally reached the southern Nanaluk Passage, and into the den of, Growlar the Ancient Cave Bear. 
  Pete had survived the long arduous journey northward by using Mr. Beamer's maps, and the mystical compass that he had stolen, only days before from Louis. Eventually when the road became too difficult to navigate, the night too dark to see through, or because of inclement weather, Pete found comfort and direction by using the powers of the magic bell that he had ripped off Louis's neck, while entangled with him, on the deck of the Cimmaron Cutter. 
  His desire for absolute and total power was once again contorting his mind, and within the grasp of his spidery fingers. 
  Now all that lay before him was, to pass over the highest part the Ingnok Mountains, then a quick decent, down the other side, into Santa's Village. Only a day or more away, and Pete would be once again, searching for his revenge. 
  No one gets the drop on Squint-Eye Pete, and certainly not some scrawny little red-haired kid, thought Pete as he quickly exited the bear cave, only stopping for a minute to contemplate the great battle that must have ensued within its depths. There were cracked bones, torn fur and blood strew about the rocky cave floor. The cooking-fire was still aglow, at the rear of the cave, and a scarred cauldron full of spiced stew leisurely simmered, waiting for the last of its missing ingredients to be placed inside...little Louis. After one last gander around the cave, Pete was off again, through the shattered Polar Gates and into the faint daylight of the northern side of the cave. 


  Santa's Village was a happy and enchanted place once more. 
  The three Missouri Rats; Black Jack Tilly, Cool Joe Biggs, and Rags Martin along with Squint-Eye Pete's boys: Big Belly Bill, and Sleaze Ball Tom had not so long ago, been shipped back to the Saint Louis jail, to once more be incarcerated by Warden Sergeant Pettigrew for the tenth time. Each member of that crew of misfits, and criminals now had their names etched in stone above their jail cells with a real place of their own, to call home.
  The Great Wrapping-Machine inside of The Great Hall was up and running once again. It had suffered only minor damage during that epic battle to save Christmas last year. All of the: friendly elf's, plump dwarfs, strong workingmen, mule-deer, and reindeer had since returned to the work they loved making presents for all of the children of the world. Louis and his friends had saved Christmas, just in time, and Santa's Village was once more a peaceful and serene place. 
  Alfeo the Lead Foreman of the Worker-Elf's was back at his old post overseeing the workings of the great machine. Elgar the 1st Class Lead Machinist elf had since returned to his job as well, as had the other Elf's in Santa Village. Elvina, (Algar's wife) was back baking cherry, and apple tarts, and brewing her special sweet teas. Of course, Santa Claus returned as well, helping out Charlie the Great White Horse in the daily running's of the village, The Great Wrapping-Machine, and the making of all the Christmas toys for the children of the world. 
  
  Nevertheless, the forces that drive evil are alive on the earth and still dwell...in weaker men's hearts.
    
    Evil...knows no fear.
    Evil...never sleeps. 
  
  Squint-Eye Pete had made his way down the dark mountainside though Snow Valley, and into the silent shadows of Santa's Village. After lurking and crawling about the village, he finally made his way to the main-square, then forwards to the entrance of the Great Hall. 
  It was well into the middle of the night, the village was found to be mostly quiet, this evening. Not wanting to cause a seen or draw attention to himself, Squint ever so gently poked his thin, bony head in through the open doors of the Great Hall all the while being careful, to hide his unsightly face.
  Not a soul in sight. 
  Pete searched about the vast room, with the stealth of the Invisible Man. Slowly slinking about the room, a quick change of direction here and there, then off towards the rear offices. 
  Laid out on a few long tables were the work schedules of the workingmen, elf's time cards, remnants of a half-eaten sweet-tart empty coffee cups, and a medium-sized superbly smithed, mystical looking, silver key. Not knowing what the key was for but noticing that the key was crafted with great care, Pete advanced to stuff the key into his dirty black pants, front pocket.
  Now looking about the room with no good intentions in his heart, he noticed an old newspaper strewn about the floor, at the rear of the room. He turned up the flame on the small gas lamp hanging overhead and pressed on, to scan over the pages. 
  The Snow Valley News was written in large black letters across the top of the page and down below that, the headlines read: 

The Three "Missouri Rats" Captured By: "Louis the White".
The Saint Louis Jail Receives Three New Inmates.

  Pete's long cold, probing fingers clinched the paper in his fists, with anger raging in his heart. His lone good eye (which was glowing in the faint light of the gas lamp) glared menacingly about the small, darkened back room. Pete lowered his head, with his large black wide-brimmed hat tilting downwards again towards the table, his evil eye which was partly covered by a tattered leather patch...was searching for answers. 
  Pete paused?deep in thought?searching for a resolve.
  "Do I have to do everything myself? I give those two idiot boys of mine, and those other three stupid morons; one simple job to do, and they screw it up. Big Sal is goin to kill em, if I don't get to em first. I'm-a gonna read this here newspaper from front to back, and find out what is going on up here, but first I need to get out of this hall, and away from the upsetting smell of these awful, elves and dwarfs". 
  With this last thought in mind, Pete quickly departed though the back door of the office, and into the darkened alleyway. Slipping back into the shadows from which he belongs. As he passed though another back ally he noticed a just baked apple pie, cooling on an elf's lone rear, windowsill. 
  Without a second thought...the pie was gone...and so was Pete.
  Covering himself with his large black trench coat, pulling his wide-brimmed hat down over his face one more time, and pulling up his coat collar up against, the cold arctic wind, he headed for a faint glowing gaslight at the farthest end of town, towards solitude and privacy. Upon sitting down on a small table perched under the light and devouring the apple pie, Pete began to read all about the recent goings-on, in Santa's Village. 
  There it was in bold print: the rescue of Santa's Village by Louis, Molly, and his friends, and the shipment of his Missouri Rats back to the Saint Louis jail. The flight of Louis, Charlie Junior, and Charlie on Christmas Eve this year; with them delivering most of the right presents, to the good kids of the world. 
    "I hate that freckle faced little kid, and that stupid horse"?thought Pete, time and again to himself, as he devoured the last of the fresh baked apple pie. 
    "I need a new plan. Nobody outwits Squint-Eye Pete, nobody!" 
  Pete's lone good eye and his fists could be seen scrunching up in anger, once again. 
  After a few moments of deep thought, Pete slowly tilted his head towards the starless, black night above. He gently removed the well-worn leather eye-patch covering his evil eye. In a low chilling voice, he called out into his own black, heartless world. 
    "Those Magic Jingle Bells will belong to me, and no one is going to stop me this time."
    "No one is gonna stop me, I tells ya?not anyone...no how."  
  Pete kicked the empty pie tin into the air, and then ripped the newspaper into shreds with a wild flurry. Thrusting his hands into the lower front pockets of his black duster, he was off again, with his mind racing faster than his legs could carry him, back into the heart of Santa's Village. 
  After skulking and searching about the empty alleyways, and streets, for the better part of an hour he eventually stumbled upon what he was now looking for...Santa's house.
  The modest, one story thatched covered hut, appeared to be quiet as a Sunday morning, with only a faint light coming from the smoldering brick fireplace, found in the living room. There was a small hallway leading to a few back bedrooms, and a small round living room at the center of the home that were full of over-stuffed furniture, low-lying tables, and a few sturdy wooden chairs.
  Pete, after lurking under the window for a few moments decided that the coast was clear. He headed for the interior of the home, by way of the unlocked living room window. Having experience at this time of crime before, Pete had no problem negotiating his way through the dimly lit home. Quietly and quickly, he slunk about the home searching for an ill-gotten bounty. 
  He made his way down the wide, long hallway to a back room, where a door was slightly ajar. Upon peering inside, he found Santa Claus and Ms. Claus, in a deep slumber for the evening. 
  With a sneer swiftly appearing on his face he abruptly continued onwards, towards the last room found at the end of the hallway, en route to the very back of the home. After quietly opening the door at the base with his dirty black boot, he finally found what he was looking for...Santa's office. 
  There were countless amounts of papers loosely strewn about the oval shaped, mid-sized room, across his large wooden desk, and across the thick wooden floor. There were numerous bookcases found perched against the dark walls, full of leather-bound books. A large portrait was found on another wall that was hand-painted, which bore a full length picture of, Ms. Claus as well as Santa standing with all the elf's, in front of the Great Wrapping-Machine, from a Christmastime long since passed. 
  Again, Squint-Eye snickered and sneered in disgust. 
  A low grumbling sound was heard coming from his throat.
  After quietly searching about the room for the better part of ten minutes, again Pet, could not find what he was looking for...Santa's Secrets. 
  All great and famous men had secrets, and treasures. Pete knew this, as well as the next professional thief.
  Where were the real valuables, the magic potions, old scriptures, famous writings, and the one of a kind, ancient scrolls? Santa Claus was almost three hundred years old. He had to have a secret chess, or safe stashed somewhere in this house. 
  It must be in his bedroom if not in his office, thought Pete. 
  Pete took a small wax-candle out of its holder off the wall. He lit it with the striking of a match. Upon cupping the candle ever so gently in his hand being sure not to let too much light off, he progressed out of the office, back towards Santa's bedroom. With another small thrust of his boot, Santa's bedroom door opened fully. Squint-Eye Pete entered the last place of earth that he should be: into the sanctum, and stillness of the purest and kindest man of earth. 
  Santa rolled over. He pulled the covers up over his face as a slight, unnatural breeze followed Pete into the room. A slight snort of air there, a scratch on the face here, was all Pete noticed, or heard from the sleeping couple. Pete moved forward into the dimly lit room. He immediately stumbled upon a footlocker at the end of Santa's bed. With a grimace of pain appearing across his boney face, and a small gasp of air exhaling from his lungs, Pete knelled down to get a closer look at the well-worn small steamer trunk.
  It had an undersized sliver lock on the front that was exquisitely made, and showed of the finest quality of workmanship. The main body of the chest was made of solid wood, which appeared to be an aged teak that must have come from a far-away and very ancient forest. 
  Etched across the wooden cover were three small words, in what appeared to be in an old elfish writing, Chest of Secrets.
  The candlelight was diminished. With the cunning and stealth of a venomous snake in the wild, Squint-Eye Pete was off again, with the box neatly tucked under one long thin arm. He darted silently down the hallway, into the living room through the open window, out into the uncertainty of the night and well out of sight. 
A practiced thief with another treasure nimbly pilfered. 
Pete was away, passing though the back alleyways, and dark lifeless streets, past a few large storage bins, and trash dumpsters found at the outskirts of town, and back out of Snow Valley, towards the safety of the dark mountain. 



























~Chapter 2~
Meet Big Sal

    "Who's, running this?er...ah?here prison? Me or that numskull...son of mine... Black Jack Tilly?" screamed out Big Sal as she slapped Cool Joe Biggs on the back of his baldhead, causing a large red welt to appear.
    "Well you are?Big Sal!" cried out Cool Joe as he rubbed the back of his head. 
    "You're-a, darned right it's me!"
    "Ya'll get caught for the tenth time, and this time by those little kids from Centerville. Then I gotta come all the way-a down here to break you outta of prison again. And then, ah you think your-a gonna be?ah?running the joint. I just don't see that-a happening!" said Big Sal, as she took a deep long drawn-out puff off of her filthy cigar.
  Big Sally was the biggest, smelliest, ugliest excuse for a woman that ever walked the face of the earth. 
  She had two large, oversized, and very flabby arms that hung off her exceptional rotund body. At the end of the arms found in the same proportions were two very fat hands that looked like someone had smashed them with a large sledgehammer, sometime earlier in her life. They had swelled up to enormous proportions then they never returned, back to a normal size. 
  The cracked, and splintered fingernails at the ends of her dirty fingers were, long, un-kept, and curled inwards towards the tips of her fingers. This of course made it very hard for her to pick her nose, which bothered her to no end. She had to have a very good friend do this for her, but in times of great need, she always managed to scare one of her family of crooks, into taking up the foul task.
  Her fat, droopy face was widespread, and it must have been over three feet across between her outsized ears. A very noticeable, thin black mustache could be seen above her crusty lips. Nevertheless, the mustache was well trimmed. Her so-called one good eye was steely black, a bit crossed-eyed, and had the same evil look in them, as Squint-Eye Pete's, steely and cold.
  This was Big Sal Rossi?Squint-Eye Pete's...mom.
  Hung all around Sal's round body, and covering most of the layers of flab was a gray and blue, tattered prison uniform. It fit tightly across the middle, covering only three of the six layers of fat that hung down, to almost below her swollen knees. 
  Big Sal stood almost six foot four inches tall just like her mangy son, and with the tall, tattered, stovepipe black hat she uses to cover her balding head, it made her appearance, even that much more imposing. 
  A few ragged tassels of gray and silver dirty hair, hung down off the back of her large head, almost down to her shoulders, which gave her some resemblance of a woman, but only ever so slightly. 
  Well-stuffed were her feet into her crunchy ripped-up socks, inside of her old black leather jackboots. With each step she took her fat would ooze out at the large rips in the leather, found around her toes. This made her feet look very much like a caterpillar trying to shed its cocoon in the springtime. 
  And oh, man, the smell of her feet, was just plain awful!
  Sal thought she was just adorable looking in her ugliness and sloth. She wore it well, and in some terrible way, the ugliness was actually attractive. Her husband, Hunch-Back Pete Rossi must have thought so. How else could Ole' Squint-Eye Pete have been born?
  The mostly, and the most defined feature on Big Sal was her large leather eye patch found covering her left eye. For Big Sal was the bearer of the only other evil eye in the world (Squint-Eye Pete, owned the other). 
  Believed it was that the two evil eyes were matching in their sinful powers, and when, or if ever the two would be brought together, the power of their wickedness could not be stopped. No one knew this to be true or not, but it was always thought that the wearer of the two evil eyes could overcome all true good in the world. 
  Of course, Big Sal and Squint-Eye Pete were still alive so how would anyone know this for sure. Squint-Eye oftentimes wondered about this, and pondered over the extraordinary powers, it might bring him, if only she were not alive. 
  After another long drag on her cigar, and a large exhale of swirling smoke out of her lungs, Big Sal spoke yet again. 
 "Now-a?you, idiots listen up. I took over this prison here. I ran off those cowardly prison guards. And I put Warden Sergeant Pettigrew...into one of his own cells. So any of you-a...that...ah...doesn't like the scam?then they may as well just-a scram back under the rock you climbed out from under. Now listen up?my son is gonna be here in a few weeks. I just l...o...v...e...my Pete. He's such-a...a good boy. Now I sent him up to the North Pole to see what was-a goin on... and he is expected back...with a few answers and soo?lutions. Then were gonna expand this...here-a operation, and make some real money again."
  Cool Joe Biggs grinned widely, showing his horrible teeth, at this proclamation by Big Sal. 
    "Ice! I just love ice", mumbled Cool Joe "and I love dirty money!"
  Black Jack Tilly stumbled to the front of the room. He began to talk.
  "Now Sal I did ah?what ya told me. I went up there to that North Pole with your grandkids Big-Belly Bill, and Sleaze-Ball Tom and two Rats. We tried the best we could to take over the North Pole, and we did for...ah...ah...awhile. We made those bad toys?just like ya said. We got some of em out to the kid's hands around the world, and they are playing with them as we speak. I tell ya...Sal things ain't as bad as you think. We still are gonna be...ah...running the toy market, and getting those kids to be real bad. They will turn to a life of crime, and then you'll have your followers. It's all just a matter of time."
    "Well we'll see-a about that soon enough. We'll give em some more time to start playing with those toys, and we should be getting into their heads?real soon now. Maybe you are-a...right, but the job ain't done just-a yet. Remember now, those three kids; Louis, Hot Tamale Molly, and Chug, and those fancy horses, and them there elves, they shut us down in the North Pole. 
  We are gonna have-ta start up operations here...in this jail, and work from here for a while. As soon as my boy gets back with what I sent him up there to git, then we'll be back in business. Now Sleazy, you still got that extra key to the Great Wrapping-Machine, right?"
    "Yeah, I still got it Sal. It's hanging around my neck on a string. I ain't gonna lose it, no way...no how."
    "Good. We'll all git back to business later...now Cool Joe git over here and help me with my wheelbarrow cause, I gotta go get a couple of poached chickens, mashed potatoes and gravy to eat in the commissary. I'm-a starving!"
    "Sure Sal, I'll help ya with that big belly of yours." 
    "What belly?"
    "Aw...er...Sal...I did'nt say nothin..."
    "Ya better not say nothing about my belly...ya got it Joe, or I'll be saying something about those horrible choppers of yours, and give you a good slapping?"
    "Yep...your right Sal we both ain't that cute...I knows that..."
    "Wha-t?..."
    "Ah..." 
    "Never mind now...I'm hungry over here like I said before, now git me to that there-a kitchen."
  After a few troublesome minutes of trying to stand up, Sal finally made it to her feet. Cool Joe managed to get the affable-sized wheelbarrow under Sal's huge belly. She took both of her hands and grabbed underneath, and around her blubbery belly, then quickly, and with great efficiency, she plopped her well-stuffed belly into the center of the metal body, slightly bending the lower support frame, then off she trundled with her hands firmly placed around both wooden handles.
  With toes smashing out of her shoes, a reeking smell followed her down the hallway pass the iron bars of the prisoner's cells, as she went towards the kitchen, and back into the comfort and delight of food. 
  A good grazing was in order. 
  The devouring of a few apple pies here, a few (twenty) servings of hot-buttered corn, large helpings of black-eyed peas, and of course a few boiled chickens, and Sal was ready for dinner to be served. 


  Squint-Eye Pete was making good time out of the northern most mountains, through the icy tundra fields, back through the Boreal Forest, out of Russia and Canada, heading now straight south towards Saint Louis, and the Saint Louis jail. About three more weeks and he would be, back home into his moms loving arms. Oh how nice it would to be home with dear sweet Ole' mom, Squint-Eye kept thinking as he rode along across the snow covered road, on the back of his fearsome stead...Black Thunder. 
  Santa's Chest of Secrets was still intact, perfectly hidden in one of his saddlebags, hanging off one side of his horse. He had not opened it yet, but he knew that whatever secrets it held inside, are exactly what Big Sal needed to send her vile plans for all the children in the world into motion. 
  Evil was on the move in the form of a dark horse and rider heading south.

    "Is that-a roasted pig ready yet...?"
    "Almost ready Big Sal..." 
    "How about?those briskets of beef..."
    "Coming real soon Sal...coming real soon"
    "What's-a taken so long? I'm hungry over here!" shouted out Big Sal from the mess hall, where she had found wellbeing sitting across three sturdy wooden chairs.
    "Not ready yet Sal. Will that pot of stew hold ya, till that roasted pig is ready?"
    "I don't know Black Jack, but I guess they-a?are a gonna haft-ta. I?told ya, to have those ready by five PM and they ain't yet. Dinner is served at five! And I'm-a telling ya for the last time...have dinner ready when it's supposed to. If it didn't take me so long to git in my wheelbarrow, I would roll in there and-a knock you, about the ears."
  All Black Jack, Rags, and Cool Joe could do was, get busy cooking.
    "Man she eats a lot Joe, and boy is she fat."
    "Shut up Rags. If she hears us she's gonna kill us."
    "And don't forgit it Joe, if she asks us again make sure ya tell her how cute her figure is, and how she looks like she's losing weight. I don't wanna get slapped again in the back of the head by one of those ham-hocks of hers, that she calls her hands."
    "Ham-hocks!" blurted out Black Jack while laughing and stirring a large pot of boiling chickens, at the same time. 
    "Yeah ham-hocks" said Rags as he started to peel another vat of potatoes,
"you're real funny there Black Jack". 
  

  A few weeks passed as Sal lounged about the prison stuffing her fat face the best she could, eating her life away, and reading books about famous crooks and their gangs. She had never been so happy.
  

  A loud knock was heard at the prison's main gates on day. 
    "Sal ya...in...there? It's your loving son Squint-Eye!"
  Sleaze-Ball Tom and Big-Belly Bill flung the large metal front doors open.
    "Ah?you two knuckle-heads sons of mine...git away from those doors. What the heck, happened up there in the North Pole last year? I told ya both to keep Santa's Village under control, keep that wrapping-machine up and running, and to make sure that those bad presents kept being made. That wasn't too much to ask now, was it?"
  "No dad. We we're?a doin just like you said, then that little red-haired kid showed up. He was yelling out somethin about being Louis the Red or Louis the White, then this big bear scared the snitzle outta us, and then all heck broke loose. I don't know?it was?er?all so complicatin," said Sleazy as he tried to give his dad a hug.
"No hugs...ya imbecile, why-ya trying to hug me, you birdbrain? I ain't happy to see ya. I will be happy to see you two bowling balls after we get, this wooden box I stole from Santa for Big Sal, into her hands, and we see what's in it. Now git me to Sal and right quick."
    "I'm up here in the dining room son!" yelled out Sal upon hearing all the commotion at the front gates.
    "Ma is you up there?" 
    "Where else would I be? Now get up here. You better have gotten that box, like I told ya ta...git."
    "Yeah I got it ma!" shouted out Pete as the metal prison gates closed with a loud clank behind him. 
  He quickly alighted up the three flights of steps (at the front of the prison) and into the main dining hall. Black Jack, Rags Martin, and Cool Joe Biggs hearing the hubbub, turned over the cooking of dinner to some of the other inmates of the prison. Heading straight for the dining room they ran squarely into Squint, as he was coming through the front mess hall doors.
    "Squint you old son-of-a gun, nice to see ya again!" said Black Jack as he too tried to give Pete a hug.
    "Have you gone as daft as those blubbering, stupid sons of mine? I ain't happy to see ya. You blew that horse napping down there in Centerville, and then you blew our operations up there in the North Pole. That's the last time I put you in charge when I ain't around."
    "Well Pete there was this scrawny, little kid and this big horse, ya see."
    "That's all I hear about, and read about is that kid, and that stupid horse of his. I have just about had it with that little boy. Now get outta my way."
    "Nice to see you Pete" said Cool Joe Biggs coyly.
    "Yeah...yeah! Nice teeth Joe."
    "Nice to see you again, and welcome back home" said Rags as he blew his nose into his dirty handkerchief.
    "Y-eah, y-eah?y-eah?now git the heck outta my way you two nimrods. I ain't in no good mood. Now where's my ma?"
  If you could only have seen the look in Pete's eyes, he found his mom, comfortably, seated in the back corner of the dining room, with a bunch of dirty dishes, and chicken bones strewn about the floor at her feet. It was the look of a lonesome son seeing his mom for the first time, in a long time. It was like a baby sow longing for a tit of her mother pig, lying in a bed of mud. 
  It was magical to behold.
    "Ma!"
    "Son!"
    "I missed you so ma. Did you get enough to eat while I was gone? You look at little thin."
    "Well, it was hard with the kitchen being run buy those three idiot friends of yours, but they did the best they could have" understood Sal as she tossed another perfectly skinned chicken carcass onto a nearby bone-pile. 
  Pete walked up to Big Sal with such love in his eyes. He kicked away a few dirty plates away from her feet so he could get closer to her, and with a hug so big, it almost broke your heart to see, Squint-Eye Pete wrapped his long, bony arms around his enormous mother. 
  She just about fell off the chairs she was perched across, but at the last moment she grabbed her wheelbarrow, to steady herself. She in turn gave Pete a long hug with her flabby arms. She slowly leaned forward, and gave Pete a soft kiss on the face making sure, to not get to much chicken grease on his leather eye patch. 
  "It's been close to five months ma since I've seen ya but I did as ya said, and went to Centerville to get that magic jingle bell. 
    "Well did ya git it son and that other stuff I sent you ta git?"
    "Nah, they caught on to me that I was in town. I ran into some little stammering kid, and I just could not help myself mom. I let my crazy eyeball that pop gave me, out for some fresh air, and to keep it working right, so I just had to show it to that little kid, and then my cover was blown, fer good. 
    "Well what happened, next Pete?"
    "Ya see...well...I had ta git out of town. So...I went way up the trail a-ways, and waited for those kids to go to the North Pole...like ya said they would. I followed em and followed em, and waited for a chance to jump em. You see Sal they had that magic bell...just like, you said they would. Well I jumped em good in a saloon in this little town." 
    "Well...what happened next?"
    "Then in busted that stupid horse we was once trying to horse-nap...Jupiter was his name. Anyway, they all got away. I didn't get that darned bell after all. I...then follered em, to this big boat on the Great Lake, and they got away one more time. They just kept seeming to git help from somebody; everywhere'd?they'd go.
    "Git to the-a point already, will ya?"
    "Ma I didn't git the real magic string of bells but I got this a here, one magic bell off of the little-ones neck, I grabbed this crazy compass out of his backpack and a few maps of the North Pole, and some other places."
    "You did good kid. What'd about the secrets and spells that Santa has? Was there a secret box, chest or old scrolls...or...anything?"
    "Why yes ma. Just look at this old wooden box I grabbed from Santa's bedroom" said Pete as he threw the enchanting looking wood box onto the dining table in front of her, which sent a few plates of greasy food flying off in all directions.
    "Why son I'm...so proud of ya. You are just so mean and evil. I raised a good kid, didn't I?" asked Big Sal as she leaned forward, giving Pete another big hug, and wet slimy kiss on the cheek.
    "We will figure out what's in the box later, and then look at that magic bell and compass. Right now, it's almost five o'clock and...ah...dinner is just about ready to be served, so pull up ah chair and git yourself a fork."
    "Sal, I've been gaining too much weight lately, so I am just not eating that much now, but I will sure keep ya company while you eat, you see I've got some important future plans, so I gotta be real thin."
  Where's my dinner!" screamed out Big Sal to Blackjack who was standing at the other side of room listening to everything that Pete was saying.
    "Coming sir! I mean Big Sal. Right away, you're?ah...er?majesty. I mean your honor."
    "Stop wasting time you idiot Black Jack, git me my vitals!" screamed out Sal again as she threw a large empty dinner plate across the room at Black Jack.
Rags, Cool Joe, and Black Jack disappeared into the kitchen to start the dinner service. Dinner went off without a hitch, except for running out of roasted pig. 
  Squint-Eye Pete ate a very thin dinner to be polite, then headed towards his old jail cell at the very center of the prison, down the hall from his moms cell. Upon entering his old home, he looked up over the doorjamb above the cell door, which read: 

Here lives Squint-Eye Pete...
The meanest and most evil person alive
Enter at your own risk































~Chapter 3~
Another Day in Centerville

    "Is it "Louis the White" or "Louis the Red" today, Louis?"
    "Hey why don't you kids stop picking on me? You know, we're still gonna beat you this year in the city championships.     
    "The World Famous Logansport Tigers beat you last year because you flubbed that catch. Remember that...catch, I mean error, Louis?"
    "Why'd you bring up that darn catch again? Why do you all care, if I flubbed that catch or not? Man you guys are the worst."
    "Were going beat you this year for the city championship, you just wait and see" proclaimed Louis as he rode his bike pass Mr. Hicks cornfield, where the old baseball field still stands.
    "Yeah, you bet Louis. You ain't gonna beat anybody...nobody...no how. Just because you're some type of town hero does not mean you're any better in baseball than us. Meanwhile what's with the white hair? You know you look like you have been scared by a ghost or something," shouted out a few kids from the Tigers team, who were out practicing getting ready for this year's baseball season.
    "Well just so you know I am going by Louis the White right now until my hair changes back to red. Then it will be Louis the Red, and I will beat you guy with either color of hair."
  Poor Louis being a town hero for thwarting a horse napping, then saving Christmas last year, and still no respect from some of the neighborhood kids. 
  Picked on and bullied, all the time. 
  It just never seemed to end for little Louis.
  Other than a few troublemakers in town causing problems, things had mostly settled down for Louis, Molly, and Chug since last Christmas. Louis was back in school for this semester, and found to be as happy as a flower in springtime after all he had made it to the sixth grade, and was right in line this year, to be an honor student. This would be his first time being an honor student. He had been studying all he could and felt that this was his best chance yet. His dad been helping him is his spare time, so this year, his grades were much better.
  Miss Trumble the Schoolmaster had given Louis, Molly, and Chug extra assignments, so they could catch up to the other kids, seeing that they had been away for so long on that adventure to the North Pole, to save Christmas last year. All three had done all of their assignments dutifully, and now had finally caught up to the other kids in school.
  Miss Trumble has been the sole teacher at Centerville's only schoolhouse for the better part of forty-five years, why she even started to teach some of her past student's kids now. 
  The medium-sized one room school, on the outskirts of town, which was about a mile from Louis's house, was taken care of by Turk the Blacksmith, and was still in good condition, for being so old.
  With all the kids, being back in school now for the spring semester meant the town of Centerville was quiet during the days and most nights. All the kids were found to be studying, and diligently doing their assignments, and special projects for extra credit.
  During the weekends, Louis was still very busy. He did his homework in the mornings, and in the afternoons he would strap in Mr. Belvedere the Plow Horse to his plow, and ready the cornfields for planting, with the help of Mr. Beamer and of course with his dad (who had miraculously returned to Centerville on Christmas Eve last year). 
  Louis had never been so happy lately, except for those Logansport Tigers always picking on him. 
  His family was back together again. 
  Captain Parks had been gone for over five years overseas defending his country. With the war now over, most of the service men, and women had returned home to restart their lives. A few friends of Louis's, their fathers had returned from the war as well, but some had not. It was all the talk, all over town for quite some time. Wars always had a very big impact on small towns, and Centerville was no different in that respect.


  The skies were found to be a beautiful color of blue during the springtime in Centerville Valley, where nearly every one of the townsfolk lived and worked. Most of the inhabitants of this little town that was nestled in the heartland of Indiana were farmers, small businesspersons, common blue-collar workers, or worked in the diary business. 
  If ever there was a place of beauty, tranquility, and calm it was found in the heart and soul, of the people of Centerville. 
  There had never been any real crime in Centerville that anyone could ever remember, except for that try at the horse napping, of Jupiter the Show Horse at the county fair last year. Maybe a piece of apple pie that was cooling on some ones window sill might have got lifted, or somebody might have borrowed someone's pint of milk left on their door step some morning, but other than that this was the most peaceful small town, in probably the whole county.
  It seemed for some strange reason that nothing ever much happened here until Louis was born, and started growing up. He was just in the middle of everything that was found to be good or bad. Of course, all the grown-ups loved and adored him, because he tried so hard to do well, but he always seemed to get in trouble or mess things up. 
  All the neighborhood kids loved Louis because of his endless daydreaming, visions, storytelling, and of course because of his recent incredible adventures to the North Pole. Many of the older or bigger kids in town still picked on Louis. It was as if Louis had to prove himself constantly to everyone, even when he had proved himself, so many times in the past. 
  Louis had managed to keep his unruly cowl-lick from getting the better of him, since he had gotten back last year from the North Pole. It had not stood up on end, even once, or given him any embarrassment at all. Maybe it was from Louis growing up, or just that Louis had not been in any situations that he could not control. Louis always knew in the back of his mind that that darn cowl-lick (that had is its own personality) would most likely be with him his whole life. Just as, Sammy's stammering would follow with him throughout his life, or Harry's growling all the time, would follow him.
  Molly Jenkins and Louis still were going steady, and were very much in love as only two young kids could be, or really knew how to be. Louis and Molly had just sort of grown up, and accepted that they were made for each other. They had been spending most of the early spring together they even sat next to each other this year in school. 
  All of Louis's friends were still living in town, and would drop by to play with Louis after school, when they weren't doing their chores, or had homework to do, of course. There was also the upcoming baseball season that started in June, so you could see all the kids in town were still very, very busy.
  Mr. Beamer was full of activity running his farm year-round, and he was back to running Charlie's ice-wagon, during the summertime. Apollo was still up at the North Pole with Jupiter running Santa's Village with Charlie, so Santa Claus with an another opening for the ice-wagon this summer; Ole' Baron Von Beck who use to deliver the milk for the Centerville Dairy applied for the job, even though he is almost twenty years old. 
  Mr. Whiteman who owns the local dairy had bought one of those steam-contraption cars which had put The Baron out of work, so what better job could there be for The Baron; but to bring him out of retirement, to take over for Charlie and Apollo, delivering the ice. 
  Mr. Belvedere the Plow Horse still was working for Mr. Beamer. He was doing all the heavy work out in the fields, and was just as happy as can be, with so much work to do. All the other animals still lived in Mr. Beamer's barn with Harriet the Milking Cow as the matriarch and the keeper of the inner-workings of the barn, and the overseer all the animals who, lived there. 
  The Henderson family of chickens had almost doubled in size. Arty the Pig and his brood still lived in the mud at the rear of the horse stalls. The nervous Mr. Turkey could still be seen (every once in a while) coming or going from his various hiding places, and of course the prideful Rodchester the Roster could still be found, staring at himself endlessly in the mirror (hanging on the wall) at the back of the barn. And of course, Mitch the Bulldog was still chasing wayward cats up trees. 
  Life went on in Centerville.


    "Hey Louis did hear Miss Trumble is going to be out of town for a few days? She's leaving this afternoon. Yeah, she's going to Indianapolis for her annual teacher's conference." 
    "No I didn't hear that Molly. What's that got to do with us?"
    "I thought we might ask Tessie, and Chug to go with us, to Miss Trumble's attic at midnight tonight, and have a visit with Ole' Harvey the Ghost. We haven't been up there in at least a year. Do you think it would be fun?"
    "Heck yeah?good idea Molly! You could put on some of your Crimson Passion lipstick again as you did when Black-Elk the Indian Ghost visited us, in the Boreal Forest last year. Then we could have a ghost and a clown in the room" said Louis as he made a funny face, which Molly didn't think was too funny.
    "Do you want The Look again Louis?" asked Molly as she started to clench one of her hands into a fist, and scrunch up her face.
    "Ah man...Molly...you know I am only foolin ya. I don't want, "The Look" and of course, I don't think you're a clown, when you wear that silly make-up. I just don't understand all that grown-up Lady Stuff yet?I guess. Of course, we can go tonight. 
    "Well, of course you don't understand me. I'm a real, refined Lady."
    "You got that right. I don't think I will ever understand that other stuff. Now you go ahead and find Tessie, and invite her. I'll ask Chug. We'll meet at Miss Trumble's front yard at about eleven thirty tonight, alright?"
    "Sounds good Louis, we can all meet then. All right Louis enough of this laying around all day in this park staring at the clouds, watching for strange faces and animals figures, that are supposed to appear. I swear Louis we seem to fool around, and goof off a lot when were together."
    "Man Molly that's what I read that we're supposed to do. You see when you go steady...this is what is thought to be fun. You see a, book I read, and my mom said so too, girls are supposed to like this kind of stuff. You know grown-up stuff that is romantic and all. I personally think it's brainless, but then again I'm trying to think like a girl."
    "Louis, remember The Look and if that don't work how about Indian leg wrestling while were laying here? I can straighten up your attitude about girls, right quick. You know I can Louis."
    "OK, enough of this. I know you could be beat me at that. Heck, you're still bigger than me. OK, I will stop all the joking. I will see you tonight in Miss Trumble's front yard."
    "Bye Louis."
    "See ya Molly."
  Louis jumped on his bike. He headed straightaway to Chug's house, to tell him about their plans for tonight; then rode to his mom's house where he knew Hattie May would be cooking lunch for him. Molly advanced over to Tessie's house. For the rest of the afternoon, she was not seen again that day.
  Upon dashing into the front yard, flinging his bike into a nearby bush and racing up the walkway to the front door, Louis loudly called out, "Mom The Hero is home!"
  Muncy (Louis's golden retriever, the most lovable dog in the world) heard the call; his heart about fell out of his chess, onto the rug where he had been laying all day, waiting for Louis to get home. He abruptly stood up, bounded over a nearby coffee table, hastened around the sofa, and then flew towards the front door, where Louis would soon be appearing. 
  Oh the hugs, the licks, the barking, the tail wagging, it was all so kind of silly to witness, or be a part of, but not to Muncy. His best friend and master were back, home.
    "Hey...ya...Muncy! Glad to see you too...old...buddy!"
  Muncy gave a wide-open smile as he flew into Louis's outstretched arms. 
    "We can go play later, but first I got to get some lunch. Man I'm a starvin. Mom what smells so good?"
    "Louis I'm in here" called back Hattie May from deep within the kitchen. 
    "What's for lunch" called out Louis as he tried to place Muncy back on the large rug in the center of the room. Muncy would have nothing of it, and followed Louis towards the delightful smells coming from the stovetop.
    "Louis go, wash your hands in the kitchen sink, and take a place at the table. I cooked you some homemade flour biscuits with gravy, and I made some fresh homemade applesauce. And the main course with be a thick breakfast beefsteak, medium-rare just like you like it." 
    "Man mom. Now you know why I'm never late for lunch?or dinner for that matter. Where's dad?"
    "Louis he's out plowing the north fields with Mr. Belvedere, and Mr. Beamer. They've got to get the fields ready for the planting season, which of course you know is right around the corner. You should have been out there as well, this afternoon now that I think about it. Exactly where have you been?"
    "Well...ah?I was over at Turk the Blacksmith's shop to see if any of those horseshoes were ready for Mr. Belvedere. Yeah?that's it?and as you can see, I did not bring any back, so they must not have been ready."
    "Louis if I go into town tomorrow, will Turk tell me you were there?"
    "Mom you don't want to do that. I will go down there tomorrow in the afternoon for you, after school. So don't you go worrying, none."
    "Louis is you fibbing again. I thought you grew out of that. Now where were you?"
    "OK...OK...mom...don't be getting mad at me again. I was with Molly down at the watering hole, staring at those clouds. Remember you told me girls like to do that romantic stuff. I don't think Molly is a real girl because she doesn't care too much for it. What's up with that?"
    "Louis she's just a little different than other girls. You might call her a bit of a Tomboy."
    "Well then why am I calling her Hot Tamale Molly then? I am going to start calling her Tom."
    "Louis enough already with all the joking, here's your lunch. Call me if your dad comes home early from the fields. I will be up in my room taking a little nap."
    "OK mom. Thanks for lunch, have a good snooze."
  Hattie May took off her dish-apron, quickly disappearing out of the kitchen, heading straight up into her bedroom. Louis ate his lunch as fast as he could as Muncy sat at his feet hoping that Louis would drop something (on accident) on the floor that he didn't like, or feel sorry for him and offer him, a well-deserved snack. 
  Louis finished his lunch with Muncy getting his fair share. Both retreated into the sunroom found at the rear of the house to take a quick nap on the trundle bed. Muncy crawled up on Louis's lap as Louis fell onto the bed. Louis pulled a warm comforter over the both of them. 
  It was a friendship made in heaven.
  The summer sun slowly lowered on the horizon, sending pale yellow and orange rays of sunlight in through the western windows of the house. A cool soft breeze rustled in the pine trees, and a few songbirds could be heard singing in the gently swaying trees. 
  Louis did have a wonderful life at times. 
  Off again, lost inside of his dreams and visions. Were these dreams this afternoon filled with riding on the back of a great white whale, on the wild and open waters of the Indian Ocean, or were they full of slaying treacherous dragons, that are known to fly over Transylvania, or old ancient Egypt? Maybe his dreams were filled with the visions of dueling with the large child eating green Ogres that are known to inhabit the southern lands in the Amazon River, and the Nile Delta. 
  Louis had a greatest imagination especially while sleeping.
  Captain Parks finally finished the last of his daily chores as the sun, set behind the last hill on the outskirts of town, and as the last of the daylight had all but faded away. 
  Louis's dad entered through the back kitchen door to the smell of his dinner warming on the stovetop. He removed his work-boots, placing them in the anther-room by the rear door. He then opened up the stand-up-cooler to grab a pint of cool milk that had been brought over by The Baron, earlier in the day. 
  Jeremy looked about the house for Louis. He finally found him fast asleep in a back room with Muncy still lounging across his lap. Jeremy gave Louis a soft kiss on the forehead, pulled the comforter higher up over him, then headed up the back stairway to find Hattie May, who was now wide-awake, sitting at her vanity desk, brushing her hair.
    "Hi pumkin."
    "Hi honey, it's sure nice to see you again. Your dinner is warming on the stovetop. Would you like me to draw you a bath now or later?" asked Hattie May in her gentle inviting voice, as she gave her husband a warm embrace, and a soft kiss on the cheek.
    "That would be great dear?yes I would love a warm bath, I'm just beat. I will eat dinner after that. Well, we almost got the entire north field plowed, and ready for the planting season. I think Mr. Belvedere is doing a great job. He is the strongest horse I have ever seen."
    "Yes we are lucky that Mr. Beamer gave him to us."
    "Did Louis have a good day in school?" 
    "Well I cooked him a nice lunch, which he promptly devoured, he did not tell me anything about his day at the schoolhouse. He was more interested in lunch and trying to figure out girls." 
    "Did he take Molly out to the watering-hole after school, to cloud watch like you suggested he do?"
    "Yes, he did but I don't think it went too well after talking with him. All I know is he is now going to be calling Molly, Tom. Ah, young love. Do you remember how we were once: just as clumsy and infatuated with each other as they are?"
    "Yes I remember. Just let him be then. He will figure it all out someday, in about fifty years, and even then, he still won't know anything about it. That's just how it all works."
    "Oh Jeremy, I really do love you."
    "I love you to Hattie May." 
  Hattie May finished brushing her hair, then hastened down the stairway to the back porch, drew some water up from the well then she heated it up over the fireplace in a larger black-iron pot. Jeremy took his bath then ate his dinner. He crawled into bed before Hattie May, without saying another word that evening. 
  Louis and Muncy slept in the back room through dinner, and into the early evening without so much as sound being heard from either one of them. Hattie May fixed another small plate of food for Louis, covered it up, then placed it on the stovetop to keep it warm. She placed another small bowl of food for Muncy in his dish and filled up his water bowl. She checked on Louis one last time, before her to turned in for the evening. 
  Louis continued his vivid dreaming for another few hours until he finally awoke, after hearing a loud night-bird singing in a nearby birch tree. Louis wiped the sleep out of his eyes. He turned to look at the old wooden clock hanging on the living room wall.

  Ten thirty...the bewitching hour was almost at hand: a very chilling and, strange... wind... was about...to blow into Centerville.



























~Chapter 4~
Miss Trumble's Attic and Mr. Harvey the Ghost

    "Hi Louis", said Molly with excitement in her voice "you're right on time".
    "Hey guys. Yeah, I'm glad I made it here. I almost overslept. I fell asleep on the back couch, and was out like Ole' Growlar the Cave Bear hibernating in winter."
    "Oh don't bring him up Louis, it brings back bad memories. Hey Louis, is your cowl-lick going to show up tonight" asked Chug as he took off his baseball cap, then pulled upwards, at the back of his hair.
    "Man, are you guys going to start picken on me again? I think you're all just jealous of my good looks...freckles...and...all".
    "Yeah, like I want to have freckles. You look like someone spilled a whole vat of red paint on you during a windy day. And that white hair of yours, you kind of look like a rabbit's tale on an Easter Sunday. What a combo."
    "Come on Chug knock it off, or I'm going home, plus I've already heard those tired old jokes before, how about something new already?"
    "Alright Louis, but you know every single time we go to try and see Harvey the Ghost you get scared, and your cowl-lick stands up on end again. I just wanted to see if you had brought your cowl-lick with you, or if it was already standing at attention."
    "Chug...!"
    "Now I was just thinking; we have never really ever even seen Ole Harvey, not ever, not even once. We thought we did one time before, remember it was last year at about this time, but it is always so dark up there" proclaimed Chug as he again, pushed his hair up in place at the back of his head.
  Louis just shook his head, with displeasure one more time.
    "Miss Trumble swears he's up there. She says she talks to him almost every night. Do you really think he's up there, or do you think Miss Trumble is just a little crazy?" asked Molly.
    "Yes she is a little crazy and kooky, we all know that. And as for my cowl-lick, well I have learned to control that darned thing, so don't you guys go worrying about that now," said Louis as he pulled at the back of his hair, mimicking Chug "and I bet we do see that old ghost tonight for sure. I can feel it."
    "Well I can feel it as well, for some reason Louis," chimed in Tessie "and hey I brought a surprise with me. I'll show you later when we get up in the attic."  
  The four friends headed for the front porch of Miss Trumble's house. 
  Chug poked his head in through a partially open window, seeing no signs of anyone home. 
  The house lights were all turned out. 
    "I don't think anyone is home, no lights on. Alright you guys let's get around to the back of the house, and climb up on the woodshed, and into that attic" said an eager Molly, as she signaled for everyone to follow her around back.
    "This is going to be fun guys," said Chug as he spied about the front yard one last time.
    "Yep...Ole' Harvey is gonna have some company tonight, that's for sure," said Molly, while she cleverly winked at Tessie "and I am just sure as can be that Harvey is coming out tonight without a doubt."  
  Tessie grabbed Chug's hand; Molly grabbed Louis's. All went running around to the rear of the house.
  All the kids in town had heard the weird stories about Harvey from Miss Trumble over the years. She would serve him dinner, and play her piano for him late into the night, after he ate. Sometimes some of the kids from town would hide behind a few low lying bushes found underneath her living room window, and watch her talking to her imaginary ghost. No one ever saw him, but it sure was fun every few months or so, to sneak up into her attic, and try to goad Ole Harvey into showing himself.
  Molly was the first up over a few neatly piled, stacks of wood, then to the top of the woodshed she climbed, onto a flat area of the back roof, and then through the rear scuttle-hole and into the attic. 
  Next were Tessie, Chug, and then Louis. 
  Louis took out two small candles out of his front shirt pocket. Chug grabbed a match out of his front pants pocket, lit the match, and then lit the medium-sized candle, which sent off a soft eerie yellow and red glow around the average-sized, musty room. 
  There was a piano sitting in the very back of the attic, with a cloth dustcover concealing most of it. A large, full-length, oval-shaped, floor mirror stood in the middle of the room that appeared to be a few hundred years old by looking at it. A few wooden mannequins with tattered dresses were strewn about the room, and there were a few old cardboard boxes stack up to the open wood-beamed ceiling in another area. 
  All four kids headed for the two rocking chairs, and small couch that sat in a small clearing at the center of the room by the odd looking, mirror. Louis placed the lit candle on a dusty coffee table then sat on the soiled, torn-up couch, next to Molly. 
    "Alright Molly, why don't you put on some make-up like you did that night in the Boreal Forest, when you called for Black-Elk?" asked Chug with a smirk on his face.
Molly smiled. She gave a look to Tessie as if to say, you two wise-guys just keep it up with the lipstick cracks.
    "Nah, don't do that Molly, no lipstick, we don't want to scare Mr. Harvey off" quipped Louis as he and Chug started to laugh aloud.
    "Louis...now...be kind...?" asked Molly.
    "Remember we're here so he can scare us; not the other way around," said a once again, smiling Louis. 
    "You guys are so mean. I will get Harvey here tonight. I bought something that I think will help us out," said Tessie as she pulled a small, out of the ordinary, old wooden doll, out of her coat pocket (that was dressed up like a Schoolmaster). The doll was wearing matching slacks and shirt, and had a black, leather-covered book attached to one hand. 
    "Where did you get that weird-looking, old doll Tessie?" asked an intrigued Louis, as he bent over to get a better look at it, in the dim candlelight.
    "My dad owns the Five and Dime, remember? He buys old dolls, wooden toys, trinkets and the like. He said he bought this from some old gypsy-woman, and one of, her peculiar friends that had rolled into town about 10 years ago, in a gypsy-wagon. My dad had it kept in a back room all these years. I was messing around this afternoon in his shop. I just happened to stumble across it."
  Molly slowed down her speech, and dropped her voice an octave. 
    "Well Tessie don't you know? that?old Miss Trumble's husband, who passed away all those years ago, was a Schoolmaster as well. Just think?no one knows how he died, for sure. Some people say it was an accident. Some others say that?it...it...was murder?and that he had been pushed by something, or someone?out of that very, attic window that we just passed through." 
  Molly raised a shaky hand; pointing over to the open rear window. 
  Tessie raised an index finger then made a slashing gesture across her throat, smiling strangely all the while.
    "Now you two girls stop it. You're scaring me?er...a...little bit," said a not so smiling Chug.
    "Tessie why'd you bring some weird old wooden voodoo-doll up here into this scary old attic anyway, that ain't fair?" asked Louis as he too, started to become a little alarmed.
    "Yeah you two girls stop talking like that;" chided in Chug, "we're supposed to be having fun. This is starting to not be, too much fun."
    "Again Tessie, now why did you bring that doll? Oh, I've got it, you two are just trying to scare us aren't you?" asked a now relieved, and strangely smiling Louis.
  Tessie took the candle sitting on the table in one hand, slowly placing it ever so gently under the dolls wooden shoes being careful not to bring it to close to the flame. The image of the toy doll now cast a strange shadow over the entire room and onto the odd, aged, mirror standing nearby. 
  Tessie started to talk in a deep, monotone voice, which really started to scare Louis, and Chug that much more.

Harvey who lives in darkness 
your time has passed
Come out of hiding 
and appear on this mirrored glass 
In our hands tonight
we bear your fate
So come out tonight
and don't be late 

  Chug quickly spun about in his rocking chair to face the dusty mirror. Tessie, Molly, and Louis all leaned forward in their seats to get a little closer to the mirror as well, when Tessie screamed out.
    "Ouch! My finger; someone bit my finger!"
  Everyone in the room jumped backwards at the sound of Tessie screaming. 
  Chug fell backwards out of the rocking chair, only to land in pile of cardboard boxes, which sent them flying out in all directions. Everyone started to laugh aloud at seeing Chug somersaulting about the room. Finally, Louis's probing eyes found their way back to the strange mirror that was now almost imperceptibly glowing, a pale blue color. 
  Louis thought, something very small could now be seen, stirring in the in mirror. He could not take his eyes off the well-worn, glass face. 
    "What are you staring at Louis? Ain't nothing to see but an old ghost" said Tessie as she cleverly looked at Molly, while she chuckled under her breath.
  Louis thought he saw a small dark figure starting to appear in the center of the dirty old mirror, but the candlelight was so dim, and the room was so dark, that he could not be sure.
    "What are you doing Louis? Why are you so intently staring at in the mirror? Molly, and I were only trying to scare you guys, nobody bit my finger" said Tessie as she, and Molly started to laugh out again, at Chug and Louis's expense. 
    "This ain't any creepy old gypsy-doll Louis. It's just an ordinary old toy-doll. I just dressed it up, before we came out tonight, to look like a Schoolmaster. I just made up that little riddle a moment ago. Molly and I had planned this all along. We were just trying to scare you. You're always laughing at Molly's lipstick, that Crimson Passion, and we just wanted to get back at you."
  Louis ignored Tessie and Molly.
  Chug stared intently at Louis. 
  Louis just could not take his eyes off the small image appearing in the mirror. 
  The image kept materializing, and appeared to be growing larger as Tessie spoke.
  The mirror began to glow a little brighter, sending very soft blue light about the room, Louis was apparently the only one who could see the abnormal light growing.   
    "What is it Louis...?" asked a now perturbed Tessie.
    "Do you see that blue light...do ya?" asked a flummoxed, and very bewildered Louis.  
  Louis stared into the mirror face so intently that the others started to grow a little more worried about him.
    "What light Louis? Have you gone daft?" asked a now scared Chug.
    "Like she said Louis, it's only a joke, really. Just look at her finger. She's just fine...," said Molly.
    "No I see him Molly, I really do. I see Harvey. He's right there. Can't you guys see him?" asked Louis as he pointed towards the mirror with a shaky forefinger.
  The air in the attic grew deathly still. 
  No night birds were heard singing outside; the nighttime seemed to grow darker by the minute. The small candle lighting the room flicked, and danced about from Molly's animated breath. Tessie's heart could be heard pounding in her chess, and Chug who was still sitting on the floor nearby, became as quiet as a butterfly in flight.
    "What do? do?ya?want with us Harvey?" asked Louis in a quivering voice.
  Louis's gaze towards the mirror kept growing in intensity, as the air grew heavier in the creaky old attic. 
    "Are you here to do us harm?" asked Chug who now thought that Louis was just trying to return the favor, and scare the girls back.
  The ploy worked.
  Molly grabbed onto Tessie's arm for support. She now started to believe Louis and Chug.
  Chug gave a small smile in Louis's direction.
    "Harvey you don't go after my Louis, or I will beat you up and down, about the ears until you hear church bells, and I mean it!" said a now very scared Molly.
    "Come on Louis, are you fooling us?" asked Tessie who was now just as scared as Molly was.
    "Yeah are you just kidding us Louis?" asked Chug who could now see in Louis's eyes that he really was frightened.
  Everyone just kept staring at Louis, then back at the mirror, and then back at Louis. Molly could not take it anymore when she, out of desperation and worry ripped at Louis's coat, trying to pull him away from the mirror. 
  Louis broke free of her grasp in a fit, falling face first towards the glass, ending up on the dirty floor, not more than a few inches away from the growing, ghastly image as it continued to appear; growing all the clearer at each passing moment. 
  As Louis sat up, he looked up at the image in the mirror in horror. 
  Louis narrowed his eyes.
  It was now perfectly crystal-clear, a full-length image now shown on the face of the mirror.  
  A sickly, tall dark figure wearing a long black trench coat, wide-brimmed black hat, and two leather eye patches over both eyes, fully appeared for Louis to see, in all its hideousness. The odd stranger used his two thin, grubby, and foul hands to reach up towards Louis's face, lifting the brim of his hat all the while, to show the shear ugliness of his face. 
  Louis scrunched his face up in pain, as he gazed into the dreadfulness he saw on the mirror face. 
  His lungs failed to take a breath. 
  His boney knees rattled together.
  His heart skipped a beat, as he stood transfixed in fear.
  The un-godly figure lifted up the two eye patches off his face, exposing two steely dark evil eyes. In all their glory, they started to spin wildly in their darkened sockets. 
  Up and down, back and forth, over and over again, they spun in wild concentric circles. 
  A broad, devious, and sinister smile grew across the bony face. The horrific image began to laugh hysterically, showing his rotted and blackened teeth.
  Louis's eyes about shot right out of his head.
  His breathing now returned, becoming very rapid, his brow began to sweat profusely, and his heart rate shot up to that of jacket-rabbit, on a run to save its life. 
    "Agggg-gg-hh!"
    "It's Squint-Eye Pete!" cried out Louis in pain.
    "It's Pete?" cried out Chug.
    "Help me!" screamed out Louis, sending his violently wiggling epiglottis (found at the back of his throat) well into everyone's view.   
    "He's alive!" screamed out Louis as he scrambled for safety backwards; kicking the mirror in the process, which sent it spinning forceful in circles inside of its frame. Each time the glass came back around, all Louis could see was Squint-Eye Pete laughing manically.
    "Run!" shouted out Chug.
    "Run everyone. Run!" shouted back Louis. 
  That was all the prodding that the others needed. 
  Chug shot up off the floor, bounded over the old couch heading without delay for the open rear window. Molly was quick to take Chug's lead, knocking over Louis, as she bolted for the rear window as well. Tessie grabbed onto Molly's coat for support and courage. 
  Both girls flew though the open window, landing with a loud thud on top of Chug, who was already lying on the flat part of the farmhouse roof. 
  Suddenly Louis was alone in the musty attic, with only wickedness to keep him company. 
 The spinning mirror came to a slow stop, with the image of Pete directly in front of Louis once again. 
  Louis could see Peter the Terrible, slowly mouthing a few insidious words: 
    "Your mind will be mine..."
    "Soon Louis, very soon...you will be mine..."
    "Your mind will belong to me."
    "No...no...!" cried out Louis..."
    "It can't be, not Pete again...!" shouted out a hysterical Louis.
  Louis's cowl-lick shot straight up in the air, it became as rigid as a blacksmiths anvil. Louis's eyes grew even wider, as his mouth and throat went dry. He tried to swallow but could not. His eyes began to sting from the sweat pouring off his forehead. He raised his hands to wipe his eyes clear, but the stinging would not cease. 
  Chug, Molly and Tessie crawled back up to the outside windowsill, looking in through the window as Louis screamed out again in anguish.
    "Agggg-gg-hh." 
    "I will beat you Squint- Eye. I will someday! I will, because I am Louis the White," yelled out little Louis.
  Repeatedly Louis screamed out. With one great last breath, Louis shrieked out, louder than he ever had before.
    "You will not take my mind Pete...not...ever!!" 
  As Louis's voice rose to a fevered pitch, the mirror shattered into a thousand pieces. 
  The glass flew outwards, covering Louis from head to toe. 
  He cowered. 
  Louis turned his back just in the nick of time as the glass flew past him. The sounds of the glass falling all about the room were horrifying.
  Molly called out. 
    "Louis over here...run...!"
  Louis regained his thoughts. 
  He was once again the master of his emotions. 
  He shook himself clean of the glass, gathered himself the best he could, then took off for the window; running as fast as his thin legs could carry him. 
  All three kids ducked below the windowsill as Louis sailed pass them, with legs and arms flailing about, out in all directions. Upon hitting the roof with a loud thump, with quickness Louis scrambled to his feet. 
  All four kids then scampered off the roof as rapidly as they could, down the side of the woodshed from whence they came, and towards the front of Miss Trumble's front yard. 
  None looked back, not even once at the old farmhouse, as they scattered and disappeared out of sight, down the dirt pathway that lead away from Miss Trumble's attic, Mr. Harvey the Ghost, and the terrifying Squint-Eye Pete. 


























~Chapter 5~
The Chest of Secrets Book One

  The Saint Louis jail is about one-hundred, and fifty miles south of Centerville, located on the rocky shores of the Missouri river. It is one of the older, most miserable run down jails in the entire state of Indiana, and it is now being run by the notorious, Big Sal Rossi, and her dishonorable gang of misfits, the Missouri Rats. 
  This gang of hoodlums, crooks, offenders, felons, villains, robbers and shysters are deep into all types of illegal activities: bootlegging whiskey, rum-running, stealing cars, strong-armed robberies, burglary, money-laundering, thieving and kidnappings, just to mention a few.  
  After over throwing the warden, and a few cowardly guards, the Missouri Rats had a new base, to set up their corrupt and very nasty empire. Now with Squint-Eye Pete and his two boys back in town and with Black Jack Tilly and his gang The Three Bad Dudes also being back: The Brains, Big Sal, were running all. Things could not be going any better. 
    "Hi ya ma, did you get good night's sleep?" asked Squint-Eye, as Big Sal came rumbling into the main dining room for breakfast, with her wheelbarrow firmly in hand.
    "Are you kidding me, a good night's sleep? That idiot Rags Martin, who was sleeping in the cell next to me, was blowing his nose and snoring all night long. It sounded like a foghorn was going off every five minutes. I'm moving to a new cell later today."
    "Yep, I've heard him before. He keeps the whole prison up at night."
    "Well mom, how about a nice big breakfast, a few plates of: eggs, bacon, sausages, English muffins, some toast, hot coffee, pancakes, biscuits and gravy and oatmeal? That ought to hold you until your mid-morning breakfast."
    "Yeah, git some of them eggs over here right quick Pete, cause I'm-a still starving. Now what were we talkin about yesterday, and where were we-a, with our operations? We got to git things in order here. Your lovin dad, Hunchback Pete showed me the ropes...god bless his soul. I miss him still...ya know."
    "Yeah we got to get thing in order here, and for old dad. I miss him too" said Pete.
    "I don't know how he ever passed on like that. Just think, him choking on a chicken bone, and committing suicide by shooting himself in the back of the head with that bow and arrow, then throwing, himself off that balcony and all. All at the same time, man that was something." 
    "Yeah, it was a real tragedy ma," said a real sad looking Pete.
   "The morgue owner, your good friend, Slim Red said it was not an accident, but a suicide. It could not have been a...ah...murder? Just think, Red signing that death-certificate for nothin, no money or nothin. That was nice of him to do ya that favor...um..." 
    "Yeah real nice of him ma...my good friend Slim Red...I owe him a favor for that."
    "Yep...it's all so sudden like...who would have thought it...?"
    "Yep..."
    "Hunchback just didn't wanna live anymore, I'm-a guessing. Image that you were the only person in the room to witness him committing suicide too. Again what did you think happened son?"
    "Oh Big Sal, he died of a suicide, alright. I'm real certain?ah?er sure of it. If you had seen how it happened, you would not have believed it. Yep...and sure was nice of him...before he passed on...to give me his "evil eyeball" and all. 
  It was right before he jumped over that rail all right. He was just the givin type and very caring. The whole time he was falling he kept saying son, tell your ma, that I love her."
  Oh, poor Sal just broke up after hearing the story of how Hunchback died again. Tears started to roll down here big fat, greasy cheeks, pooling into one of her oversized chins, that was hanging off to one side of her neck. 
  Black Jack Tilly came in through the mess hall doors wheeling a breakfast cart full of hot scrambled eggs, and other breakfast fiddles.
  Pete lifted up his eye-patch, letting his evil eyeball gaze in Sal's direction. Sal took another puff of her early morning cigar, put down her fork full of eggs for a moment then she lifted her eye patch as well. Both evil eyes met again, forming a bond between son and mother; once again renewed.
    "I love you ma."
    "I love you too son."
    "Now Pete enough of this talking about dead guys, how about we git back to business? Where is that Chest of Secrets you brought back with you from Santa's Village?" asked Sal as she stuffed her face with her first breakfast of the day.
    "Black Jack you good-fer-nothin-low-down-miserable-Missouri-Rat, git your butt moving...and...and...run over to my cell and bring me that secret chest. And I mean-a real quick like!" yelled out Pete. 
  Black Jack streaked right pass Big Sal, off through the mess hall doors, well down the hallway, and was on his way back before Sal finish her last plate of greasy bacon.
  After clearing a few more plates of food, Big Sal leaned back in her over-stuffed sofa, giving out a loud belch that shook the prison walls. 
Black Jack Tilley tore back into the mess hall, stumbling as he came to an abrupt stop in front of Big Sal. 
  He stood there with the Chest of Secrets in hand gasping for breath as Big Sal belched one more time. Black Jack stumbled forward, as the air from yet another sour smelling belch engulfed him.
    "Her ya go Big Sir...ah...I mean Big Sal. And if you want to borrow my razor later to take care of that five o'clock shadow of yours, just let me know."
    "I don't need no shavin...today...just a-yet. It's still early in the day. Now give me that chest, and go git me some more eggs, and right quick," barked out Sal.
    "Be right back, with some more eggs, just like you asked for sir..." 
    "Open that up Pete. We've got work to do."
  Pete took the key out of his pocket (which he had pilfered from Santa's office table) and placed it, into the key hole. The chest was sitting on the dining room table in the center of the room. As the key turned the medium-sized old, rickety chest, it began to rumble and shake. When the strange key hit the last tumbler in the lock, and as the key was withdrawn from the opening, the box fell quiet. 
  Sal wobbled to her feet, slid her wheelbarrow under her hefty and very flabby belly, grabbed both wooden handles, and started to haul herself towards the center of the room. 
    "Ma don't pick up too much speed now. You won't be able to stop yourself. Ma, ma!" yelled out Pete as Big Sal went thundering by. 
  Sal dropped both handles, sending the wheelbarrow skidding to a halt, with her tumbling sideways across the table that held the Chest of Secrets. As she hit the chest, it went flying up in the air, sending its contents scattershot about the room. 
  As Big Sal fell, she hit the floor with a very loud thump, which was heard throughout the mess hall, and greater prison walls.
  Then the room went silent. 
  Big Belly Bill, Sleazy, Cool Joe Biggs, Flat-Nose, Horse-Face, and a dozen other inmates hearing the noise came running into the dining room. Sal rolled over on her side, then sat up the best she could, as everyone present stood about the room, with a look of disbelief across their faces.
  The strangest thing happened next. 
An old, worn out leather-bound book, about twenty inches across, and about fifteen inches wide, rose up off the floor all by its self. It alighted to about three feet above where Sal was sprawled out on the floor. The front leather cover opened up by its self, sending an odd color of blue, glowing fountain pen rising up from within its pages. The strange pen began to write on an empty page in front of it, as everyone leaned forward to try, and read what was being written: 

The new boy-king has been born 
But Don't be forlorn

He has thwarted you once 
And won the first fight
You must not be defeated again 
If you want to own the night

The Ancients and Arions will arise once more
They will use a boy-king to strike back as before 
Holding back the tides of darkness
Will be their calling
Don't let this happen or eternal darkness will not be falling

Follow my words as they are written in this book
And once more evil triumphant without a second look

  Black Jack Tilly leaned forward, squinted up his left eye up to get a closer and clearer look at the words just written, crunched up his worried looking face, and spoke. 
    "Anybody here, know how to...read? I never got any good...schoolin...long enough to learn...nothin?any how."
    "Black Jack you mangy looking, ignoramus, git outta my way. Let me have a look at that book!" blurted out Big Sal.
  Everyone else in the room just plain froze, scared to death, and held steadfast in place, except for Squint Eye Pete and Big Sal. 
    "Ma, I think we've got somthin real important here. I knew Santa had some secrets, just like you said he would, but we might have come across the mother-load here."
    "Yep, I think you're-a right...son. I think there is gonna be a fight here between good and evil. I think we are-a gonna have to git right in the middle of it, if we're not already. 
    "Do ya think those words are written about that little red-haired boy that keeps showing up all the time, with that stupid horse of his, Sal?" asked Rags as he blew his, snotty nose again.
    "Yeah, it's that puny boy alright. Seems something is gonna happen real soon from what that fancy pen just wrote. Pete go git that compass, those maps, and that magic bell you stole from that kid, and bring them in here, right fast" said Sal as she started to figure out that this chest, that boy and that map, might all be tied together somehow.
  Pete yelled out for his dimwitted kid, Sleaze Ball Tom to run to his cell and fetch the items Sal wanted. After a few moments passed an out breath and frazzled looking Sleazy, reappeared in the dining hall.
    "Just like you asked for...dad. Did I do well?"
    "You are stupider than your little brother Big Belly Bill, and just as ugly," yelled out Pete as he slapped Sleazy on the back of one ear.
    "Thanks dad, you're the best, and I love you too."
    "How stupid is that kid of mine, Sal?"
    "Will you two bowling balls stop fussin, and let me think."
  Sal looked over the compass and the map intently. She just could not for the life of her make out where the connections were. 
    "Gather up all these papers, and maps lying about the floor, give me some room. I gotta do some figuring here, and try to find out what all this means. Git me, a large pork pot-roast out here right quick, then everyone git out, except Pete. I mean go!!" screamed out Big Sal, as everybody ran to grab the papers and place them on a nearby table. 
  Everyone scattered from the room, like bats flying from daylight. 
  After a few moments, a very large pork pot-roast was brought in by Black Jack Tilly. A few more moments passed as Big Sal gorged herself she then grinned widely as she wiped some errant pork fat from her over-sized chin; turning a quizzical eye towards Pete, she spoke out. 
    
    "Pete, my loving son, things are gonna git real interesting around here right quick. Evil will soon be on the loose once more in the form of Big Sal Rossi, and Squint Eye Pete."
    "Yes, I know ma..."
    "Evil...knows no fear," said Big Sal.
    "Evil...never sleeps," said Squint. 
  The Book of Aka Manah...has found its way back to its rightful owner...Petra Deegan Aden.




~Chapter 6~
The Chest of Secrets Book Two

  It was a beautiful summer morning with the smell of birch and pine trees wafting in the air. The sounds of songbirds singing in the trees could be heard, and a sprinkling of fluffy white clouds gently drifted westward, riding along on a soft inviting southerly breeze. 
  It was day like most, in Centerville. 
  Mr. Beamer and Jeremy Parks were out in north fields working with Mr. Belvedere the Plow Horse, tilling the barren fields while Hattie May was in her kitchen with Mrs. Beamer planning a PTA luncheon while sipping on a cup of sweet tea together. 
  Since it was a Saturday morning, most of the neighborhood kids could be seen out playing in their front yards, as their mothers, and fathers were busy deep within their daily chores, mostly tending to their farms. Louis was playing with Muncy, out in the front yard, as he always likes to, when he has caught up on his chores, and homework (which is rare).
  It was all and all a very pleasant morning in Centerville. 
  However, a cold and eerie wind of change was about to descend, upon the quaint town. 
  It would be a strange wind: that stirred from a far off and distant place. 
    "Muncy the wind is getting cooler. Can you feel it? Ouch! It somehow just bit me. Did you feel it? I've got to go inside and get a coat, wow, that was very odd. What was that? Stay right here Muncy until I return" said a now agitated Louis, as he headed for the front door.
    "Mr. Belvedere can you feel that wind? Look at the birds they all flew off in a hurry towards Martinsville, towards the south. Kind of weird isn't it. Can you make for the barn? Something just doesn't feel right about that wind," said a mildly alarmed Mr. Beamer. 
  Mr. Beamer turned, and waived over at Louis's dad, (Mr. Parks) who was mending a fence at the far end of the field. Upon seeing Mr. Beamer waiving both hands high in the air, and signaling for him to head towards the barn, Jeremy placed his tools back into a small wooden cart found nearby, and advanced, towards the warmth of Mr. Beamer's barn. 
  The winds unexpectedly grew in intensity, which sent the clouds above scurrying for cover. The sky grew a pale color of blue gray as a large cloud of dust and leaves were being blown about the ground. Muncy finally could not find any more comfort in the front yard. He headed for Mr. Beamer's barn as well. 
  "Muncy, are you getting cold out there?" asked Mr. Beamer as he ran into Muncy flying in through the front barn doors. 
  Muncy just wagged his tail, and slobbered a bit which brought a smile to Mr. Beamer's face. 
    "Can you believe this wind?" asked Jeremy as he to hurriedly, entered the barn. "I have never felt anything like it before. 
    "It sure is a strange, especially for this time year."
    "It felt like it bit me, on the hands and nose. Did you feel that too Mr. Beamer?" asked Jeremy as he felt his nose, then looking at his hands, to make sure all of his fingers were still intact.
    "Yes I did feel it. I cannot explain it, but if felt like some sort of ill gotten or evil wind or a wind that came from a far away land. I think I have felt that wind before but I'm not sure. I need to think a minute."
    "Ah, Mr. Beamer you're just over reacting. That was no evil wind, maybe it was just some erratic, arctic wind that blew down somehow from the north, which is I must admit as well, is unusual for this late in the year."
    "No Jeremy I have a sixth-sense about these things. We may have been friends for years and years but there are still a few things that you do not know about me, if my instincts are correct, and that wind was what I thought it was, you will know more about me, soon enough. 
    "Alright Mr. Beamer, and yes there are some things I don't know about you, that is the truth, but I for one just think as I said before, it was a just a cold...out of season blast...from the north.
  Muncy shook his head from side to side, barking an alarm, as Louis entered the barn. 
    "Hey what's was up with that wind? Did you feel it dad, Mr. Beamer?"
    "Yeah Louis, I felt it. It was a little strange, but I don't think I would worry too much about it son. Mr. Beamer thinks that it was something very alarming, and quit strange. He kind of got nervous; which I have to say worries me a bit, as well."
    "Mr. Beamer, I felt it too. It worried me as well. I don't know but it felt like some thing, bad had happened, and that the world had changed in some unexplained way. I can't really put my finger on it, but it touched my soul, deep down inside" said a worried Louis, as he placed his left hand over his pounding heart, to reassure himself, that all was well. 
    "I think I know what it was. I think I know what has happened Louis, and you...I am sorry to say...may be correct" said Mr. Beamer as he looked deeply into Louis's innocent cobalt blue eyes.
    "Well what was it already...Mr. Beamer?"
    "Yes...Mr. Beamer...what was it?" asked Louis's dad.
    "Someone has opened... the Book of Aka Manah."
    "What did you just say Mr. Beamer? The book of...wha-t? What kind of book is that? It sure doesn't sound like something, that I want to read," said a wide-eyed Louis.
    "Again if I am right about, this, then you will find out about it all soon enough Louis, as all the children, and parents here in town will," said Mr. Beamer as a sad, and very distraught look came across his well-worn face. 
    "Mr. Beamer, you're starting to scare me talking like that. Cut it out. What do you mean all the children and parents will soon know? Dad what's he talking about."
    "I don't know Louis; you're right it does not sound good. Can you give us a little more information about this book? What did you call it, the book of...? Aka...Aka Manah, Mr. Beamer?" 
    "I can't give you any more information right now, but I will shortly. I have to check a few things out to be sure, before I speak about it again. I am almost now positive, that we will have a visitor coming to town shortly. I will call a meeting to discuss this with the town leaders. The meeting will be here in my barn in a few days. So please try not to worry too much. I will talk to you both as soon as I know more." 
  Mr. Beamer turned and looked across the barn towards where Muncy was sitting on a bail of dry hay. 
  A strange look came across Mr. Beamer's face. 
  It was the look of dread. 
  It was a look of fear. 
  Only Muncy noticed the true and very deep worry that was upon Mr. Beamer's face. Muncy quickly headed over to Mr. Beamer to give him, a comforting nudge. He placed his wet nose into Mr. Beamer's hand that was hanging by his side. Mr. Beamer smiled at Muncy, giving him a reassuring pat on the head, but both knew that trouble was brewing in the air, and that a dreadful, and troublesome change, was coming to Centerville...soon enough.
  Louis took his dad by the hand, looked at Mr. Beamer one more time then turned towards Muncy, motioning for them to go. Louis did not say another word, nor did Jeremy. 
  Mr. Beamer mustered the best smile he could. He waved goodbye, as they passed out of the open barn doors, to return to their home, to ponder all that just took place. Mr. Beamer sat down on a nearby stool, took off one of his old work-boots. He then started to rub his aching toes. His long, silvery-gray hair hung down over his face, only partly hiding the anguish, and fear in his sullen eyes.
  Mr. Beamer mumbled to himself, "The Book of Aka Manah had not been opened, or read, in almost three-thousand years.


  Hattie May was busy with fixing lunch for Louis and Jeremy, when they both entered the kitchen through the back door. 
  Their faces said it all.
    "Louis, Jeremy what's wrong with you? Did Arty the Pig get out of his pen again? Did Mitch the Bulldog chase our Pepper the Cat up a tree? Well what is it boys" asked Hattie May as she gave Louis a very soft, and gentle hug as he finally reached her, at the front of the stove. 
    "There's trouble boiling up again, according to Mr. Beamer mom. I don't know what it is. He was talking about some weird book, and he had a real, worried, and very gloomy look about him. It can't be good," said Louis as he in turn, gave his mom a warm reassuring hug back. 
  Jeremy shook his head side-to-side as he sat down at the kitchen table. Then with a slight tremble in his voice, he asked Louis "Is this how it was before Louis?" 
    "What do you mean dad?"
    "When I was gone for all those years, is this how it was? You know, when trouble came to town in the form of Black Jack Tilly, is this how it started? Was there a feeling that you were to be in the middle of something that you could not escape from?" 
    "Yes, I guess so dad..."
    "Oh...Louis..."
    "I hate to tell you but it was something like this after I first saw Black Jack by the watering tough, and then later when I saw Squint-Eye Pete at that Saloon in Plainsville. It seems like I am joined at the hip with these good for nothing fellows, and having to do brave things all the time. 
  Why is it always me, and trouble? We seem to belong together. Now that I think about it a little more, I can just tell, that I will be in the middle of something big again. I don't know how to explain it, but when that strange wind hit me in the front yard, I just knew that, it was something, inescapable. 
  My work is not done yet; I feel that, something terrible has happened, and that I am the one to solve the problem again. Have you ever had that feeling dad?" 
    "Why yes Louis. Why do you think I went off to fight a war for our country? It was a calling that I just had to answer." 
    "That is exactly what I feel dad. It is something that is a calling."
  Hattie May gave Louis another long hug, and then gave Jeremy a soft kiss on the cheek. She spoke in a soft caring, and gentle voice as only a loving mother, and loving wife can do. 
    "I don't know what has happened, or what will happen, but if it includes my Lewy, then I know that were all in trouble again. Louis I don't know what it is about you, but trouble and you are like chocolate icing on a flat-cake. One just goes together with the other."
    "I know mom, I'm so sorry."
    "If it's not one thing then it's another. It's been two years now of this, so I guess I will just have to get used to it. My brave little son The Hero, my son The Famous World Traveler, my son The Savior of All Things Good. I guess it is just your birthright, I don't know, but if you feel something is stirring again then I will support you...all I can." 
  Louis looked up into his mom's soft, adoring eyes. 
  He gave her another big hug then reached out and grasped his dad's hand. 
    "I could not have done any of this, without your support mom. I love you both... more...than you will ever know."
  Louis knew that he would have to find Molly, and Chug, to let them know that something was up again, and tell them what Mr. Beamer had told him in his barn, only a short while ago. 
  Louis turned to go.
    "We'll talk later son," said a concerned Jeremy "I know you want to be with your friends right now". 
  Louis had a look of worry upon his face as he looked back, one last time at his mom and dad. He slowly vanished from sight, passing through the front door. Grabbing his bike, he was off, not to be seen again for the rest of that day.
  Mr. Beamer left his barn, disappearing up into his attic; he (just like Louis) was not to be seen for the rest of the day. 
  Hattie May with Jeremy sat at the kitchen table, talking over tea for a few hours. She went over the adventures (in detail), that Louis had gone though, the last two years. Jeremy could not believe what he was hearing. 
  Louis had told him some of the stories of Louis the Red and of Louis the White but Jeremy had no real idea the scope, and depth of Louis's great adventures. 
  The adventures of him being kidnapped by Black Jack Tilly, saving Jupiter the Show Horse, and then the next year, heading towards the North Pole with Squint-Eye Pete after him. There was the Cimarron Cutter and Captain Legrande, Raff the Red Wolf, Nebuka the Orange Yeti, the Great Wrapping-Machine, and a great snow panther named Panthera, then saving Christmas last year. 
  It was all so much that Jeremy just sat there, with a blank look on his face, trying to take it all in. At long last after about two hours passed Jeremy took Hattie May by the hand. Both exited the kitchen for the warmth of their bedroom, and a long afternoon nap, wrapped in each other's arms.
  
  Louis rode his bike in a slow deliberate pace towards Molly's house. The cold, eerie winds from earlier in the day had subsided, and died down, there was now (once again) a warm, gentle wind blowing in upon Centerville. The sun was low in the western sky as Louis rode along the earthen pathway. 
  All he could think about was his best friend Charlie the Horse, his son Junior, and Santa Claus who were back safe and well, living at the North Pole. 
  Louis mumbled under his breath. 
    "I wish they were all here now, they would know what to do. I know Mr. Beamer. He would not have said those things earlier, if he were not sure that trouble was here in town again. You know, I always knew there was more to that Mr. Beamer than meets the eye. 
  It's time he came clean and told me who he really is. I guess the time of reckoning and truth is at hand. I will find out soon enough about this whole situation with evil, and vileness, somehow after me, or following me and me, somehow involved with all of these shady rats, and bad fellows. It's bad enough going through life, having bright red hair and freckles, and these strange blue eyes?just my luck. You know, I tried to stay low-key, and out of trouble, but man it just follows me." 
    "Trouble!"
    "Trouble!"
    "Why is it's always me...why? I, guess my time to prove myself again...is at hand, once more; but this time, I am going end this... once and for all; no more adventures after this; no more evil; no more messing around with this. I am going to find a way to beat this for good." 
  Worrying is all Louis could do as he slowly rode along, with his mind constantly chattering. As he appeared into Molly's front yard, he called out at the top his lungs. 
    "Tom you home? Tomboy is you there, it is your boyfriend, the little red-haired, troublemaker...reluctant-hero...and...renowned daydreamer...Louis Parks." 
    "What are you yelling about down there Louis, and why are you calling me Tom? Just give me a minute and I'll be down" called back Molly as she stuck her head out of her second story bedroom window, which overlooked the front yard. 
    "Well hurry down. I got troubles again Molly."
  Molly scurried down the stairs, grabbed her coat off the coat-rack; she flew out the front door. She ran up to Louis as quick as her legs would carry her, throwing herself into his arms, knocking him off his bike. 
    "What's wrong with you Molly? You about knocked the wind out of me" said Louis, as Molly and Louis tumbled about the grass. 
    "Glad to see you to Louis; let's go down to the watering hole and you can tell me what's on your mind, and I'll bet whatever it is, I'll have an answer for you, and will be able to cure your problems. Do you want to bet? And what's this about me, being called Tom?" 
    "Oh my mom says you're a Tomboy..."
    "Wha-t's that..."
    "Awe...she says that you don't like any cloud-watching and romantic stuff, you know like a boy." 
  "Oh I understand now. Well I am a Tomboy. If you want to call me Tom that is fine with me. Hot Tamale Tom, has a nice ring to it...don't it?" 
    "Oh Molly stop kidding already, I've got some real problems here. I will take you up on your bet. OK, if you can solve this problem...whatever it may be, and however big it is...then I will?I?will?ah?ah?marry you?one day, I promise" said Louis who was kind of taken aback, and a little worried about his vague proposal to Molly."
    "You're on!" said Molly as she grabbed her bike, lying in the grass nearby. 
  Both slowly rode for the Centerville watering hole, found a few miles away. 
  The late afternoon sun hung low, just above the tree line, and was just as big and serene as ever. It had a beautiful and vastly strange orange glow to it as it began to set. The last of the sun's long soothing rays were a welcome-comfort to both, as they both leisurely rode along. It was just a beautiful late afternoon, if only Louis could enjoy it.
  After about an hour passed they reached the far bank of the watering hole, ditching their bikes underneath the large willow tree, found at the northern most banks. Both Louis and Molly clasped hands, as only two twelve year's olds in love, could do. 
  A few fireflies started to buzz around them, as the sun finally started to disappear, heading towards its restful slumber, for the evening. The smell of burning firewood started to fill the cooling air: birch wood, and cedar wood, perfumed the spaces around them.   
  Louis paused by the grassy bank, picked up a flat rock, skipping it across the quiet, still illuminated red and orange waters, then another, then another. Molly sat down on a dry patch of grass, took off her shoes, and began to rub her bare feet. Neither really had the will, or the need to talk about what was on Louis's mind, after viewing the evening's rising stars above them. A soft pale moon rose out of the east, lazily it hung above them.  
  Louis gave Molly a long, heartfelt hug; she returned the warm embrace in kind. 
    "I love you Molly. Always have...always will."
    "I love you too Louis. Always have...always will." 
Both gazed warmly into each other's eyes. 
The tall meadow grasses never felt so reassuring and pleasant, as they both fell down into its grip; they took a long, restful, sleep together. 



~Chapter 7~
The Book of Aka Manah

    "What a beautiful night that was. I slept like a, caterpillar in a cocoon?all snuggled up and cozy. I think my blubber kept me?warm all night."
    "That's great ma."
    "All was fine until I broke that darned bed of mine, and fell flat to the floor...for the tenth time. Son can ya...have one of your-a boys bring me a bigger bed today, and make it-a more sturdy one this time. I must be-a, putting on some weight again," said Big Sal as she looked out over the jail yard, below her cell.
    "Sure ma, I will get that dunderhead son of my mine Sleazy right on that this morning. Now how about that there book and those there papers...notes?and stuff that fell outta of that chest yesterday. Did you have any time to do any readin or figuring yet this morning?" asked Squint.
    "I did some readin last night Pete and yeah, it was like you said yesterday. We hit the Mother-Load on this one Squint. It turns out that that there book, is some sort of ancient book, written about three-thousand years ago, and it holds the key...are you ready for this Pete...to pure evil."
    "Is that right ma? Well I'll be a monkey's uncle."
  "Well you're not a monkey's uncle, but your close. You're the son of a hunched-back thief, if that makes you feel any better."
    "Ah, ma you always make me feel so darned special."
  Big Sal just shook her head in disgust. 
    "Sometimes you're so stupid", she thought to herself.
  Sal looked out across the main yard of the jail to see the empire she controlled. A parked steam-train was at the loading dock, in the center of the prison yard, where prisoners were walking to-and-fro with boxes, and boxes of stolen goods, loading and unloading them. 
  Big Sal was running the biggest, illegal operation in the area. With the prison guards all run off, and the warden locked-up, the prisoners were completely running the show. Every night their gang, (the Missouri Rats) would leave the prison to terrorize the surrounding city of Saint Louis. Stealing anything, and everything they could get their hands on food, clothing, cars, horses, whiskey, you name it; using the Lucky 7 train to ship the stuff off for sale, to other crooks, and criminals around the country. 
  The city of Saint Louis's train tracks ran right through the heart of the jail. Each night when the train would come in, the Rats would load it up with all the stuff they had stolen from the night before, then off she went into the night. It was quite an operation all right with Big Sal, and Squint-Eye Pete running the whole show, with both getting very rich in the mean time. 
    "Let's head over to the dining room again and git a big breakfast?we gotta talk with Black Jack Tilly and the Rats. We gotta make some plans, regarding that evil book."
    "OK ma. By the way, you sure look nice this morning. Is that a new prison-issued uniform you got on there? They must have sewed over ten of them together. It just has that special look to it."
    "I do look cute don't I Pete?" asked Sal as she grabbed her oversized wheelbarrow, plopping herself into it. With quite some trouble, she began to haul herself down to the mess hall. 
    "You need any help with your wheelbarrow Sal? I could help push ya if ya like."
    "Yeah, Pete, sure grab a handle, give a good push, will ya? You're so special son."
    "Ah...it...ain't...nothin ma."
  Breakfast was served by Black Jack Tilly and Rags Martin, after about an hour of fine dining on the prison food, Sal was ready to get down to business again. She called all of her top crooks, and thugs into the dining area: Lazy Al, Fat-Eye Joe, Flat-Nose Hank, Horse-Face, and Stinky Bob along with Cool Joe Biggs, Sleazy Tom, Big Bell Bill, and Black Jack Tilly. 
  After everyone arrived, all sat around a long low laying dining table full of dirty dishes and bones piles; the remnants of a few past meals by Big Sal. 
  She started the meeting by loudly banging a large skinned rib bone on the table, thereby calling all Rats to order. 
    "I hereby call this-a meeting of the Missouri Rats to order. All of you Rats keep real quiet, and listen right good, to what I gotta say because there is ah?ah...gonna be new order, and new laws, around here." 
  Rags blew his nose so loud into his dirty old handkerchief that a few plates cracked in front of Sal. Sal reached out across her wheelbarrow, and slapped Rags on the back of the head with a rib bone, which sent him flying across the room. 
  Everybody started laughing aloud wildly. 
  Sal yelled out, "Order Rats, come to order!" 
  All present, sat up in their chairs, or stood at attention, looking intently at Big Sal.
    "Now stop foolin around Rags, this is serious now...I tell ya. It seems that I have got in my possession the ultimate evil book here, thanks to Pete and his natural born, thieving skills. It appears that this book is called the Aka Manah. It is...how do I say this...it's the?ah, the ultimate Book of Evil. It says, from what I have read so far, how to control the minds of kids, just to start with."
  Everyone in the room gasped for air collectively. 
  Rags smiled largely, showing off his horrible teeth once again. A few of the weaker Rats in the room turned their heads in disgust, looking away from their hideousness. 
    "Ice baby...!" 
    "I just love Ice!" screeched out Cool Joe Biggs as he started to laugh that insidious and horrible laugh of his. 
    "Were gonna be rich" called back Horse-Face.
    "No doubt about that" screeched out Fat-Eye Joe. 
    "Yeah ice!" shouted out Rags again, as he blew his nose.
    "Everybody shut up, I'm-a talking here. Now where was I? Oh yeah, it seems that if we follow this here book's writings, then we will be able to manipulate, and control kid's minds. There are other evil things in here as well, that's from what I figured so far. Remember last year when we were-a trying to make all of those bad presents up there in the North Pole, to control the minds of the children, we didn't really know what we were doing at all, it turns out. 
  We did git some of them kids minds controlled, and started to make them lose their imagination and desires. Somehow this-a here book shows you how to do, a few secret incantations, and spells that I can do to really, completely control them. If we can control them, then we can?ah?bring em into our operations here. We'll be able to train them to steal and thief for us, and be real bad."
    "Sounds real good Sal" said a smirking Horse-Face, "keep readin."
    "Yeah it does sound good now where was I? Oh...yeah...then the Missouri Rats with our ranks filled and swelled over, will take over all the good in the world. We can control the entire toy market just to start with. 
  We can make evil toys, and if the kids play with those evil toys, we make here at the prison then we will have just thousands and thousands of new recruits. Heck, we almost already run the entire black-market around the country anyway, so getting those toys out will be real easy. Just think about it?we will have an endless supply of new recruits...all the kids in the world."
    "That's just ingenious Sal...just a real perfect caper. We'll control the kid's minds, and get them being bad real, early-on, before they have a chance to be good citizens," said Squint-Eye Pets as he lifted his long thin head upwards to show off his horrible face. 
  He next lifted the leather eye patch of his left eye, partially showing his evil eye to the room, and everyone in it; laughing all the while, like a banshee-warrior in the mitts of a battle. The laugh was so horrible and awful that it made Cool Joe's dastardly laugh pale in comparison. Everyone ran for cover and cowered as Pete had his fun.
    "Calm down again, and stop scaring everyone with that crazy eyeball of yours Pete. If ya'll like being scared, then I'll pull my crazy-eyeball out as well. You want to all see real, pure-evil, you ain't seen nothin yet" yelled out Sal. 
  Sal placed both of her plump hands onto the handles of the wheelbarrow; she wobbled to her feet, then she reached up and lifted her worn, old dirty leather eye patch off her right eye. Upon lifting the patch a large, black, probing, evil-eyeball appeared into the morning sunlight. 
  The evil eye was blood-shot around the outer areas, and the pupil was more dark, cold, steely, and more evil than any evil eye on the planet, even more evil than Squints. Nothing was more horrible to look at than Big Sal's disgusting orb. Round and round it shook, and danced about in its black socket, it festered, slowly dripped, and oozed, small amounts of milky fluids from both corners. 
  Big Sal grabbed her enormous fatted belly around the far edges (the best she could) with her very corpulent fingers, letting out a belly laugh so deep, and resounding that the walls of the mess hall began to shake, sending plaster, and brick falling everywhere. 
    "Haa-aa...ha-aaaa-ha!!!
  Time after time, she laughed until everyone was so frightened that most started to cry. 
    "Now where was I?" asked Sal as she sat back down. She cleaned a chicken carcass of skin with one perfect bite; next, she lit another Cuban cigar. 
    "Oh, yeah back to the business of pure-evil. It seems that Squint-Eye Pete...my loving son...also stole a set of blueprints. Not just any blueprints, mind you, these are ones to be able to build another great Wrapping-Machine, just like the one, at the North Pole. And of course, Sleazy you still have that other key, the one that fit that there great Wrapping-Machine up at Santa's village."
    "Yeah, I got it Sal. Its right here" said Sleazy Tom as he pulled the silver key out of his pants pocket, walked over to Sal, and handed it to her. Sal slapped Sleaze Ball Tom on the back of his skull, which sent him flying to the ground, into a pile of dirty dishes, smashing them to pieces. 
    "Now git outta here Sleazy, git me another boiled chicken. Oh, yeah the key, now as I was-a?ah?saying, we have the key...now all we got to do is start building another one of those Great Wrapping-Machines, use this key to start it, and start building a million more evil toys, to control those there kids minds. Now I will read the rest of this here book to git the spell correct, then we can start shipping those toys out to be played with. 
  Once again, we will git into the minds of the boys, and girls around the world and then those kids will come running to us looking to join our Rats. Well what do you think boys?" said Big Sal as she stood up to her full length again just to show off her well-rounded belly, one more time.
    "Nobody has more smarts than you Sal," said Lazy Al.
    "Yep you've got the real smarts," added Flat-Nose Hank.
    "Were gonna be rich all right" called out Stinky Bob. 
  Big Sal plopped herself back down on a sofa nearby, letting her belly hang back into her wheelbarrow.
  Everyone yelled out with joy at what an evil plan Big Sal devised. In unison, shouts and catcalls could be heard though out the prison as the word spread. 
    "Were gonna be rich!" called out a few more of the prisoners around the room.
    "We've got it made! Easy street I tell ya! Easy street!" howled out Black Jack Tilly.
  Rags blew his nose again, while Cool Joe started smiling like the thief he was. Again and again, he screamed out, "I love ice! I love Ice!" 


  Evil was once more on the march in the form of Big Sal Rossi, Black Jack Tilly, Squint-Eye Pete, and the rest of the Missouri Rats; the low-down crooks and thieves who run the Saint Louis prison. Little did Big Sal Rossi know that Squint-Eye Pete had even bigger plans than destroying all the minds of the children in the world, because Pete's evil knows no boundary, and it has no fear. Power begets power. Squint-Eye Pete, the infamous son of Hunch-Back Pete desired more power, and more money than Sal, or the other Rats could possible imagine. 
  The evil, Eye of Horus belonged to him already, and was neatly secured in one of his eye sockets, but the evil eye of The Wedjat, (his mother's evil eye) was what he, had now turned his endless desires towards. Pete knew that if he possessed both evil eyes, then the world, and everything in it would belong to him and him alone.
Only one thing stood in his way. 
Only one thing kept the evil eyes apart. 
Big Sal...his loving mom...was still breathing.








~Chapter 8~
The Rock Quarry
	
  Louis and Molly spent the better part of the evening sleeping under the stars in the grassy field next to the Centerville watering hole. Louis tossed, and turned inside of a very restless sleep though out the night. 
  Vivid images and visions of faraway lands filled his mind. There were; ugly cave trolls, a large ogre, a huge Minotaur, a fire-breathing dragon, rivers that ran with black unnatural waters, ancient pyramids, vast empty deserts, and a blistering Egyptian sun. His imagination and visions were still filling his mind day and night, and were getting worse as time passed.   
  In years past when he was younger, the dreams were of happier times and places, but recently the dreams were turning for the worse. They were now becoming more vibrant, and brilliant with a darker edge to them. 
  This began to wear on Louis.
  During the night was when the dreams were all the worse. Louis just could not stop the visions however hard he tried, and this mostly brought him pain, and ridicule from his friends. They would just pick on him endlessly. Louis just knew that he was different than most of the other kids in this way because, most of his daydreams, and visions had been coming true in the last few years. 
  He had seen two pirate ships at the rock quarry once, in one vision, after that loss baseball game to the Logansport Tigers. Louis had dreamed about pirates and pirate ships, and low and behold, he had a run in with Red Beard the Pirate Captain and the Red Ghost ship on the Great Lake, last year. He dreamed about wild cave bears, then, Growlar appeared in his path at the North Pole. It started to occur to Louis that his visions, nightmares, and daydreams were not just that, but that these were future truths. 
  He was foreseeing the future. 
  Now while laying again in the grass at the local watering hole with Molly two more vivid dreams assaulted his mind. Louis was having one dream, about riding on a great stream train, chugging down the train tracks, heading south (which he had dreamed about before). The train was full of kids who appeared to be in a trance. It was the same Lucky 7 train that Black Jack Tilley was going to use to take Jupiter the Show Horse away, to Saint Louis last year. 
  Another recurring vision was that of Squint-Eye Pete laughing hysterically at him. He was trying to control, and contort Louis's mind from inside the looking glass in Miss Trumble's attic. The vision of seeing Pete alive again haunted him; did he really see that image of Pete? 
  Was Squint-Eye Pete still alive?
  Was Squint-Eye Pete to be in his near future? 
  The things that Mr. Beamer was talking about yesterday still bothered poor, little Louis as well. He began to worry more than any little boy of his age should have to.


  It was Sunday afternoon, and Louis had just come back from town with his family, he had finished all of his chores for the day in the early morning, and was now sitting on the porch swing, with Muncy laid across his lap in a deep slumber. A, icy cold lemonade was quenching his thirst. 
    "Louis what are ya doin?" asked Chug as he rode his bike in through the front gates of the white picket fence, that surrounds Louis's front yard.
    "Aw, nothin Chug. I just got back from town with the family, finished my chores this morning, and was having cool lemonade. Would you like one as well?"
    "Sure Louis if it's not too much trouble. Molly and Tessie are coming by in a few minutes. Why don't we go over to the rock quarry, back behind Doc Wellman's house? I'll bet it's full of water, being that its springtime. We can go swing on that old rope hanging over its banks. Maybe we can try and get Molly, and Tessie, all wet and ruin their day."
    "That sounds good to me Chug. I was just over there with Molly yesterday. Let me get you that lemonade, we can wait for em here, on the porch here."
  Louis nudged Muncy off his lap, waking him Louis quickly disappeared into the house. Chug sat down inside the shade of the patio. He pulled a flower out of a nearby flower box, placing it neatly behind his left ear. He gave Muncy, a big hug and a pat on the head, which Muncy greatly appreciated. Louis returned with Chug's cold drink then sat down next to him on the swing.
    "Louis we haven't talked since the other night at Miss Trumble's attic. Are you OK?"
    "Yeah, Chug I'm alright, but I'm starting to have some very wild and very strange dreams at night, and during the day for that matter."
    "Anything you want to talk about Louis?"
    "Nah, not yet, it ain't anything that I can't handle, but thanks for asking. You've got to hear this though. Yesterday I was out in the front yard here, and some strange wind blew in over the farm. Mr. Beamer and my dad felt it as well. 
    "What do you ya mean a strange wind?"
    "I mean like the wind bit me...it was scary."
    "Well you better tell me more that don't sound too good...knowing you and all, and all the strange things you dream about all the time."
    "I'm telling you Chug, man it was not good. It was something real, unpleasant I tell ya. It was somethin that was after me. Chug I don't know how to say it, but I think another great calling is in order...or my destiny, or something is at work again."
    "Not again Louis?"
    "Man Chug, it never ends. Then Mr. Beamer, my dad, and I went into Mr. Beamer's barn to get warm. Then Mr. Beamer started talking some strange talk, about evil and strange changes coming, and things like that. It wasn't too good Chug. Not at all, I think something big is brewing again."
    "Well Louis if you need me to help ya out again, just let me know. Or I can get Jupiter or Apollo like last time, we will help you out, all you need."
    "You're a good friend Chug, but I have a strange feeling that this one is beyond you guys, I'm not sure yet. I think Mr. Beamer is going to get involved this time, maybe Charlie again and who knows...whom else."
    "You really think so Louis. That big ugh...?"
    "Yep...this one is gonna be real big! I can just feel it now, and especially after that vision of Squint-Eye Pete the other night, in that mirror. That kind of caps it!" said Louis as he took another gulp of his cool lemonade.
Just then, Molly and Tessie rode up to the front yard on their bikes, which ended the conversation.
    "How about we go over to that rock quarry again Tom?" asked Louis with a slight smile now appearing on his face.
    "Now I told you to knock that off...with that "Tom stuff"...Louis or you gonna get it."
  Molly smiled.
    "Tessie have you ever noticed that, Molly, is a Tom-Boy?" asked Chug.
    "Yeah, I have noticed, big deal. You want to wrestle or something, remember you may be a hero like Louis, but I'm still taller than you, and outweigh you...just like Molly is bigger and stronger than Louis...so you wouldn't have a chance," said Tessie with a narrow smile on her face.
    "Man, tough room" said Chug as he looked over at Louis.
    "All right, everyone down to the rock quarry. We'll take a swing on that old rope hanging down over the bank," said Louis.
  Off they went, down the dirt road about two miles, passing through a wide hole in a large thicket of thorn-bushes, up a low-lying grassy hill, and down to the rock quarry. It was a beautiful spring day with songbirds singing in the trees all about them; this only enlivened everyone's sprits.
  Louis was the first to the quarry, and the first to the rope swing; he jumped right on. He swung out over the sparkling blue water, landing on the far-side bank. Chug was next and then Tessie. When Molly jumped on, she didn't notice that she had some dirt on her hands. Off she went, and as she got about half way across, she started to lose her grip.
    "Louis! Louis, I'm?slipping...Louis..."
    "Molly careful..." yelled out Tessie.
  Down she went with a loud splash, into the pond, soaking her from head to toe. Louis and Chug could not help themselves. They started to burst out laughing. Tessie didn't think it was too funny; she motioned for Molly to swim towards them.
    "Molly, you OK? Oh, this is terrible. Just terrible" said Tessie.
    "What's so terrible? She's just doin her laundry while she still wearing it, that's all" said Chug which again got Chug laughing hysterically.
    "Oh, you're right Tessie, we shouldn't be laughing Chug. Molly come here and give, me a big hug. I will dry you off and give you my coat," said Louis as he extended his arms with open hands. 
  Molly swam over with a look on her face that just said, "Beware Louis, you're pushing it again".
  Louis helped her to the bank, took of his coat, and gave it to Molly. She used it to try to get warm, the best she could when she spoke up again. 
    "Man I'm freezing, that water was cold."
    "Look Chug a Crimson Passion flavored, Tom-sickle."
    "Now, are you really gonna be this immature your whole life Louis? 
    "I don't know Molly. It's just kind of fun being a kid. Except for these darned, visions I have been having again."
    "Have you been having those strange daydreams again Louis?"
    "Yeah, Molly I have them...day and night..."
    "Well that vision, or whatever it was that you had the other night in Miss Trumble's attic, well that look on your face just said it all. Now you being real scared the other night; that was funnier than me falling in the water just now. I bet you're still worried about that image in the mirror aren't you?" asked Molly.
    "Well actually Molly something else has happened. I'm going to have a meeting with Mr. Beamer in a few days. Seems trouble has come back to Centerville. I think that I am involved again. It's like when went to the North Pole last year. You see I saw Squint-Eye Pete in that mirror then a horrible, evil wind chilled me down to my spine the other day in my front yard. Mr. Beamer said some very scary things to me in his barn about that same wind. Molly I'm getting a little concerned again."
    "Well Louis I have an instant cure for your worries, remember like I told you yesterday," said Molly with a sly smile on her face. She turned to gave Tessie a little wink, that neither Chug nor Louis saw.
    "I don't want to really marry you Molly, I guess I shouldn't have offered, but let's see what kind of cure you have for my daydreaming and recent worries." 
    "Now about those worries of yours Louis come over here closer to me, and let me look at you; it's just all in your head..."
    "Molly you're so nice to me. I'm sorry I called you a Tom-Sickle earlier. I'm just not too good with some of my jokes, and I guess I should not have laughed, at you getting all wet too. Now as for my worries, how can you cure that?"
  Molly had a very serious look on her face; all the while hiding a smirk out of the corners of her mouth. She took off Louis's coat, shook off some of the cold, clinched her right hand into a tight fist, and reared back. 
  Louis eyes suddenly opened wide.
  With one quick blow, she punched Louis in the stomach, just as hard as she could.   
It landed squarely in the middle of his empty stomach. It was a well-placed blow. 
Louis lost his breath, stumbled backwards, rolling over sideways, falling into the tall spring grass. Chug and Tessie thought that was the funniest thing that they ever saw, and immediately began to laugh as loud as they could, falling to the ground as they pointed at Louis who was now about five yards away, grabbing his aching stomach.
    "You're....soooo....cured! Now you're not worried, anymore. Now you're, mad as heck" said Molly as she smiled as wide as a Sunday school-preacher looking at a full collection plate, during a Sunday morning sermon.
  Louis immediately checked his belly, to see if he was OK. He rose to his feet, still grabbing his stomach in pain saying, "Well Doctor Tom I guess you cured me alright. I guess I deserved that. But I don't think I will ever be ringing you for a house-call...anytime soon."
  Molly began to laugh as well; she headed for Louis with her arms wide open. Louis was a little hesitant at first, but he began to laugh along with the others as soon as the pain, started to subside.
    "House calls! Louis, you slay me sometimes. You really do," said Molly as she gave him another big hug. 
    "Now you always remember that punch Louis, and if you're ever in a bind, and you're worried or scare to no-end, just remember how to be cured, or how to cure a friend or enemy of the same woe. Use that cure, and you will immediately be in a better frame of mind...after the pain wears off of course..."
    "Of course" said Louis.
  Everyone rather had enough of the rock quarry for the day after Molly's, attitude adjustment of Louis. They all made their way around to the far bank, jumped on their bikes, and rode towards Louis's house again. 
  Louis rode through the open front wood gate of his farmhouse. Jumping off his bike, he headed directly towards the front door. Muncy came running towards him with his tongue hanging out and with his tail wagging. Tessie, Molly, and Chug stopped for a moment to say goodbye then turned to head back down the road, off in the other direction.
    "You're a real doctor now Louis?don't you forget it. You can cure someone's worries or cure someone's out of control ego...you know someone who thinks they are too big for their shoes..., which you sometimes are Louis..., remember with just one punch. It's all about attitude Louis." 
    "Yeah...it's all in your attitude Molly."
    "Now don't you ever forget this lesson today Louis...someday you might need it" said Molly as she waved goodbye to Louis; showing that big smile of hers.
    "Yep...I won't forget it either," said a smiling Chug. 
  As Louis came bounding in through his front door with Muncy at his heels he saw his dad coming down the stairs from his bedroom. Jeremy had a worried look on his face.
    "Dad what's up? You look worried. Heck dad I was just worried as well, but I got cured real quick...by Doc Molly." 
  Louis thought better of punching his dad in the stomach (to cure him of his worries).
    "Louis this is serious. Mr. Beamer has called a meeting in his barn; it is to be held two days from now at midnight. It will be an invitation only meeting, and from what he said to me earlier this afternoon, when I saw him at Marvin Waterwick's office downtown, was that we all must absolutely attend. You remember Marvin, he's the Fire Chief."
    "Yeah, I know him dad, but what's he got to do with this evil-wind stuff and future-troubles?"
    "I don't know Louis. I am sure Mr. Beamer knows what he's doing. Also from what he told me...Doc Wellman and Turk the Blacksmith are going to be there as well."
    "Sounds real serious dad..."
Jeremy motioned for Louis to sit down with him in the front living room.
    "Louis we need to talk for a moment."
    "About what..."
    "I talked with your mom for quite sometime the other day about you. Now as you know I have talked with you, but not as much as I would have liked to, about your past adventures and travels around the world, while I was gone for all those years. Louis I had no idea how really brave and famous you are. If all that Hattie May said about you are true, then you are truly a very, very brave little boy, and have lived quite the life, in the last two years.
  Louis just listened intently, as his dad continued on.
    "First off I am glad your hair is finally returning back to its normal, beautiful color of bright red, and that crazy white hair has almost faded. Louis when I first saw you last Christmas Eve, at that square dance when you rode in on that Christmas sleigh, your white hair kind of scared me a bit...not to mention that Santa suit. Secondly, from what I understand, you are a Santa Claus in training, and that you really did save Christmas last year.
    "Well yes, I guess I did, and I am a Santa in training...I guess...dad."
    "And now after thinking about your travels, and your involvement in all this mess, with Black Jack Tilly and Squint-Eye Pete, I guess I should tell you something that you did not know about yourself Louis." 
  Jeremy moved closed to Louis who was sitting down on the couch next to him. After placing a hand on his shoulder, he continued speaking. 
    "Louis I don't really know how to tell you this, but you come from a very famous, and distinguished family-tree. Did you know that?"
    "What are you talking about dad a very famous family-tree? Or do you mean someone we know is famous?"
    "No Louis that's not quite right. Where do I start?at the beginning I guess? Louis our bloodline comes from that of: adventurers, noblemen, great and very brave Egyptian Pharos, fierce warriors and war heroes, dignified kings and other famous fighters to say the least." 
    "You've got to be kidding me dad, this sounds like something Mr. Beamer would tell a story about on his back porch, or something that Charlie would make up in his barn when he was bored, and trying to cheer me up or something..."
    "No Louis now listen...what I am about to tell you is the absolute truth."
    "Continue on dad...I'm getting real use to this type of stuff..."
    "Louis, be serious...now your great-great-great-great grandmother was a warrior-queen named Boudicca. She was a tall and very terrifying queen in Roman times, who ruled with an iron-fist. She had the largest mass of red hair you ever saw. Then there was a very old and famous ruler named, King David. He had red hair and cobalt blue eyes just like yours; are you getting this Louis? Do you ever remember reading about him Louis?"
  "Why sure I do dad. I read about him in a few of those books that Mr. Beamer gave me...the ones from his attic. Go on dad, this is getting interesting."
    "Well Louis there was Napoleon Bonaparte. He had red hair; he was a great leader of men. He was from France. Then there was that flaming redhead, Queen Elizabeth. There was Thomas Jefferson, Richard the Lion heart, General George A. Custer, Eric the Red and of course, the most important person of all whom you are related to...Ramesses the Great from ancient Egypt. He was also known as Ozymandias."
    "Ozymandias who...?"   
    "He was one of the greatest Pharaohs of all time. Louis he had the same color of bright red hair, and exactly the same strange color of blue eyes that you and I have. Louis these are our direct ancestors. These are our people."
    "Wow dad...you're not foolin are you? Are you telling me I'm related to, all those past great heroes and warriors?"
    "Yes you are Louis."
    "I didn't know that dad. I'm shocked..."
    "Also Louis has it ever occurred to you that your good ole dad was a war hero as well?"
    "Yeah dad of course, I know you're a real hero, I'm so very proud of you. Hey it runs in the family remember; don't forget about me."
    "Well thank you Louis. Someday you might be even more famous than all of your past family members, and I combined."
    "Man it's just hard to really imagine that all those famous people are really related to us in some way, ugh dad? Man...oh...man! Now about you, again dad, I have read many stories in the newspaper about you, after you came back from the war, but I had no idea that you were, really that brave. They said you saved a whole bunch of people from danger...saved their lives and everything...and in a few other countries they even gave you a bunch of war medals."
    "Why yes Louis, I did do all of that. I will go over the stories with you about what happened to me in the war when you are older. I will show you all the medals I have someday but for now though, let's get back to you; please listen Louis...listen, this is very important now."
    "Ok..."
   "What I am trying to get at Louis is that, I really believe that you are destined for more greatness than you could ever conceive of, or could dream about. Did you know that only two other people who have ever lived on this earth have the exact same color of cobalt blue eyes as you have? One would be me your father and the...other was...Ozymandias the Great. He was the great Pharaoh who built one of the largest and greatest pyramids on earth, during the Nineteenth Dynasty of ancient Egypt. 
    "Heck dad. I had no idea about all this. I'm really related to kings, queens, generals, presidents and great warriors. I just thought I was pretty darn funny and amusing; a little skinny for my age had comical red hair, and strange colored eyeballs. Well this is getting better all the time. I can't wait to tell Ole Hot Tamale Molly, I mean Ole Popsicle-Tom, about this one."
    "Louis I am being serious here..."
    "Believe me dad...inside I'm just as serious as well..."
    "I really believe that what Mr. Beamer is saying and feeling to be true, and that you will have to go on another great quest, but this one will be even greater, than your one last year, to the North Pole."
    "Well dad let's go to that meeting in a few days with Mr. Beamer, to find out what's really happening. If I have to go on another great and noble quest, then so be it. It will be nice to know that destiny has called on me again to do something great for Mankind. Great deeds make great men".
    "Yes they do Louis." 
    "Even though I am only a kid, I will try and do my best with whatever, my future may be" said Louis as he gave his dad a long earnest hug. 
    "That is the right attitude Louis. I will go with you to that meeting. Hattie May and I will support you all we can Louis. Be strong again."
    "I will dad and thanks, it's good to know that you are both going to be behind me on this one. Last time I had to go off, you weren't here. That made it so much tougher."
    "Again Louis I am here to support you in your time of need."  
  Louis got up off the couch; he looked down at Muncy who was sitting on the floor. Muncy had a look of complete disbelief, at what he had just heard. My Louis is a hero and destined for greatness, thought Muncy. Muncy jumped up in Louis's arms, giving him a big lick on the face. 
    "Muncy stop licking my face already. I haven't even done anything yet."
    "Well dad we can talk about this later, at the meeting with Mr. Beamer, till then I am just going to keep on being a kid. By the way, can I sleep over at Chug's house the next two days? I have been keeping up on my homework, and doing my chores as Hattie May asked me to. Can I go over there after school, and just stay for a bit. His mom has been cooking a lot of apple and cherry pies lately. Seems some PTA meeting is coming up. I would rather be over there than here, if there are fresh baked pies involved."
    "Sure Louis you can stay with Chug for the next two days. Do not eat too many pies, and just check in everyday so I know you are all right. Talk with you later son. I have to go find your mom."
  Louis left the house to go find Chug, not really knowing what to think about what his dad had just told him. He started to get a little worried again about the upcoming meeting with Mr. Beamer. 
  As he got on his bike, he stopped for a minute to think, rubbing his still sore stomach, where Molly had punched him earlier in the day. That darned Molly, thought Louis, punching me like that in the belly. If she wasn't a girl, house with Muncy tagging along. 
Louis The Reluctant Hero...with a sore belly...went looking for an afternoon snack of: freshly baked hot so big and weighed more than I weigh, I would have punched her right back. Louis took off towards Chug's apple and cherry pie. 



~Chapter 9~
Honorius of Thebes: The Sworn Book 

  Louis headed directly for Chug's house to help out, with some of the baking for Rosalind (Chug's mom). He and Chug delivered some of the pies to the Ladies in town, and even took some of them down to the Centerville school where the PTA meeting was to be held, that night. He and Chug were paid two dollars each for their work, and of course, they could eat all the pies they wanted, what a great deal, they both thought. 
  Both were laying in the grass in Chug's front yard enjoying a late afternoon sun, and a full belly when Chug spoke out.
    "Louis did you hear about Stuttering Sammy and Growlin Harry?"
    "No what happened?"
    "They both got grounded."
    "For what Chug...?"
    "It seems that they both have just been getting, in a lot of trouble lately. Harry has not been doing any of his chores around the house; he hasn't been doing any of his homework this week, and has been in a real foul mood day and night. He just hasn't been himself, lately. He's been walking around talking, and growling to himself all day." 
    "He's always done that. Why do you think we call him Growlin Harry? Remember he's got big holes in his shoes. That can really hurt you know."
    "No Louis he's been worse than usual. I mean from what I've heard it's really bad. Then Sammy, he's been missing school as well. Haven't you noticed he's not been around?"
    "No."
    "Well I saw him the other day at Tessie Whitman's dad's Five and Dime, and he said he's scared of going to school, he doesn't want to ever go again."
    "What do you mean he's scared of going to school? He's been going to that same school for five years now. He knows us all; were all his friends."
    "Well it seemed to me that he's kind of acting like Harry. He's just being real weird. It's kind of scary."
    "Chug I don't know what could have happened. Maybe it's something to do with Mr. Beamer. That's all I can think it would be. What else could it be? I told you about what happened the other day with that eerie wind. That meeting is tonight in Mr. Beamer's barn at midnight. So maybe these things are all related."
    "I don't know if all of that's true. I just wanted you to be aware of it Louis. It's just real strange. Those are two of the nicest kids I have ever met."
    "Well Chug I'm laying here in this grass, and warming my soul in the sun. I've just eaten my share of the world's greatest pies, and have even made a few bucks doing it. How great it this? I could not be happier. Too bad I gotta go to that darn meeting tonight. It worries me a little bit," said Louis as he rubbed his over-stuffed belly.
    "Well Louis Molly and I, were invited as well. So you can count on us."
    "I didn't know Mr. Beamer asked you and Molly to be there."
    "I guess he figures were all in this together. Now remember if you're called on again to go to the North Pole, or you need me for anything you just ask Louis. You're my best friend in the world. I would do anything for you Louis."
    "Thanks Chug. That means a lot to me. Remember we are blood brothers. Remember last year when we sealed our friendship in blood with my pocket knife?"
    "I sure do Louis; I will never forget it..."
    "Well I have been eating so many pies the last few days, and have not been home much, so I feel like I'd better get going. I have to go see my dad and Hattie May. Plus, I'm going to take a nap before the meeting tonight. OK? I will see you then, Chug."
    "OK Louis I will see you tonight. Thanks for all your help with delivering the pies, and taste testing them with me...you know just to make sure they were cooked just right. You know quality control and everything" said Chug as he rubbed his over-stuffed belly, and smiled at Louis.
  Louis slowly mounted his bike as he looked for Muncy, who was out in the cornfields in front of Chug's farmhouse, chasing rabbits. 
  Louis whistled loudly. 
  Muncy flew in towards the front of Chugs' house with his tail and ears flopping about. Both disappeared down the road, towards home.
  Louis checked in with his mom who was found cleaning up in the kitchen. He found his dad out back in the tool shed, repairing a broken wagon. After seeing that everything was fine with both of his parents, he quickly headed upstairs to his bedroom with Muncy, to take a long, nap. His dreams were pleasant and non-eventful this afternoon for a change. Louis slept through dinner only to, be awakened at about a quarter to twelve by his dad. 
    "Louis you've got to wake up now. We have to go next door to Mr. Beamer's barn for the meeting tonight. Wake up Louis..."
    "Alright, alright, I'm awake. I will be down in a minute..." 
  Louis found the bowl of clean water that is always sitting on his dresser, splashed a little cold water on his face, put on his blue overalls and baseball cap, and then headed down the stairs to find his waiting parents. Both were to attend the meeting tonight. 
Heading out the door, he looked upwards towards the sickle moon hanging above, Louis said, "I once saw that same moon in the Boreal forest, above Canada dad. It always seems, to shine brighter in Centerville."
    "I know exactly what you mean Louis."
  As Louis, Hattie May, and Jeremy with Muncy trailing entered the barn, they were startled with what they saw next, the barn was filled with almost everyone from town. 
  There was Mr. Marvin Waterwick the Fire Chief, standing in the very back of the barn by Harriot the old milking cow. Doc Wellman was there, as well as Turk the Blacksmith, Mrs. Beamer, and Mr. Benson who owned the soda-shop. Miss Trumble the Schoolmaster was there as well, as were a few of the town bankers and firefighters. There were some of the Ladies of the Red Hat Society, and most of Louis's friends, Molly, Tessie, Jay, Becky, and Mildred Waters, with Short-Stack. Standing at the very back of the barn was Baron Von Beck who pulls the milk-wagon around town, and Old Mr. Belvedere the Plow Horse.
  Mr. Beamer was standing in the center of the barn, on a large bale of hay speaking to everyone when Louis and his family arrived.
    "Good Louis you are here with your parents. Please everyone make room for the town hero, and of course our own lovable Muncy," proclaimed Mr. Beamer as he waived for everyone to part to let him or her though. 
  Louis turned a little red in the face, as everyone gave him a long round of applause. Jeremy, Hattie May, and Louis found a seat right in front, proceeding to sit down on a bale of hay that was set aside for them. Louis waived to some of his friends, and next to some of the folks in the room, as Molly came over, and sat next to Louis; giving him a quick, kiss on the cheek. 
  Louis looked a little nervous, and a bit over-whelmed.
    "Now everyone our guest of honor has arrived, so please be quiet," said Mr. Beamer.
    "Louis you are the guest of honor tonight. Did you know that?" asked Molly.
  Louis turned redder by the moment.
  Mr. Beamer continued, "You're the guest of honor because of your heroics last year; because you saved Christmas. Also Chug, and Molly, we want to thank you, one more time, as well."
  Everyone in the barn began to applaud again, with a few whistles and catcalls being heard from Louis's friends.
    "OK again, everyone please settle down. We must get to the nature of the business, of why I have called you all here tonight. For this is really a very serious time in all of our lives." 
  Louis mustered a soft smile.
  Mr. Beamer continued.
    "Things have changed in the world in the last few days. I must now get down to the things of great importance that are before us." 
  Mr. Beamer's face tightened up as his eyes grew in intensity.
  Molly grabbed Louis's hand a little tighter. Louis looked over at his dad who gave him, a look of confidence.
  Mr. Beamer's voice grew in volume; he then raised both of his hands over his head to punctuate his next sentence. 
    "Evil is on the loose!!" he blurted out to everyone's amazement. 
  The crowd gathered immediately grew deathly still.
    The Book of Evil had been stolen from Santa's Village. The Book of Aka Manah has been opened!"
    "What is he talkin about dad?" 
    "Quiet now Louis. Let's let Mr. Beamer speak."
  Chug looked over at Louis with a worried stare on his face.
  Louis gave Chug a pained smile.
    "Now let me start at the beginning, now that I have your full attention. I know that some of you townsfolk are scared right now. I am sorry, but I can't say this any other way; I have to be direct. With this evil on the loose again, that is why I asked you all to be here tonight. It is because the reading of this book, the Book of Aka Manah, by the wrong person, or persons will affect all of you, in the very near future. 
  Matter of fact it will start affecting the entire world in the next few days. It is because the Book of Aka Manah is the only book in the world that holds the key and the answers to total and complete evil. It is a book of...ancient ways, of ancient secrets, and a book of evil truth. 
  It was a book written over three thousand years ago. In the time known as, the Middle Kingdom and it was written with the help of us, the Ancients and the great Pharaoh of Egypt...Ramasiis the II, the ruler of the Middle Kingdom. I am really sure...that I have your attention now."
  Chug's mouth was wide open. It could be found hanging down around his knees. Tessie with Molly looked at each other, with eyes as wide as Big Sal's rear end. Hattie May took Jeremy by the hand; quickly tightening her grip.
  Mr. Beamer continued.
    "Now the reason I am telling you about this is, because we believe, we being the Ancients...that we know who is in possession, and control of this book, and what he, she, and they intend to do with it. We must all come together, to stop them from completing their evil plans. The book of Aka Manah has not been completely read, or fully understood, or else none of us would be still sitting here in relative peace and quiet, at this time. The power of its evil has started to grow around us already. The children's minds in the world have already started to be effected by the evil force that lies within its covers." 
  Chug looked over at Louis and mumbled, "Sammy and Harry".
  Louis nodded, that he understood.
  Mr. Beamer continued speaking.
    "This book if read, and used correctly, has the ability to create mind control over the weak-minded in the world, or can take control of the most vulnerable or young around the world...the innocent children. This book was written long ago to document how it happened the last time. How evil almost conquered the world. It was the record of what happened before; it was in print, so that if it ever happened again, we would understand the evil in the future, and be able to stop it from happening again. 
    "Where was this book being kept? Who stole it, and most importantly of all, Mr. Beamer you are...ah...er...an Ancient? W-hat's...an Ancient?" asked Louis with an astonished look on his face.
    "Those are very good questions Louis. I will answer them all for you the best I can."
  Louis tried to swallow; his throat ran dry.
    "First off Louis, I must inform you of something else. There is a mirror-book to the book of Aka Manah. It is the ultimate Book of Good. The only kind like it, found on this earth. Called it is, the Book of Honorius of Thebes-The Sworn Book.   
  It has been in good keeping by the Ancients all these years, hidden from the forces of evil. It is a book written to counter, and keep in check, the book of Aka Manah. It has been hidden, well I might add, though out the generations, by the most good and honest people in the world. It was always believed that evil would also stay as far away from good as possible. Evil and evil-people consort, and mingle with like-minded people, animals, and beasts. This good book's safety, in the last three thousand years, has been held, and secured by the most noble, honest, and truthful people that the world has ever known.
  Louis gulped.
    "It has been hidden, and kept in safekeeping by past: kings, queens, noblemen, patriarchs, saints and lords though out the ages. For the last two-hundred years, it has been held in my possession, here in Centerville, for I am the Librarian of the Ancients. I am the appointed Keeper of the old books of our people. 
  Louis, Hattie May, Chug and just about everyone in the room were stunned to hear this, all except for Mr. Penneywell, Mr. Waterwick, Turk and Doc Wellmen.
    "I also have another revelation to speak tonight. Did you all know that Santa Claus is an Ancient and that he is my brother? We are the keepers of the Ancient's ways, and we are The Herder's of the last great bred of horses on earth, the Arion Horses. And of course you all should know by now, that Charlie is an Arion."
  Louis turned to Hattie May, he mouthed a question, The Ancients mom, are Herders and Keepers? What are Ancients?"
    "I'm sure most of you in the room have many questions in your mind that you would like me to answer, so I will try the best I can to answer them all. Louis I will answer the rest of your questions as the night proceeds."
    "Mr. Beamer I had no idea that you were related to Santa Claus. I always thought that you looked like him; you are both stocky, have white hair, and have that strange bump on your nose. And of course you both laugh the same, but I had no idea at all" said Chug.
    "Yes Chug, I am his older brother. We are almost three-thousand years old. Do you have any other questions?"
    "Why of course I do Mr. Beamer. As Louis just asked, what is an Ancient?" asked Molly.
    "Well Louis, Molly, Chug and everyone else present here listen: The Ancients were once a great race of people that lived in olden Egypt around the time of the Middle-Kingdom in the Eleventh Dynasty to the end of Fourteenth Dynasty which was between around, 1640 BC and 2080 BC. 
  We as a people were bred, to be a superior race by the great Pharos of that time. Especially Ramsis the II, he was a true believer, and creator in the science and magic that it took to fashion us. Through this ancient magic and great perseverance, we were born. 
  We were given the powers of, High-Thought, long life, moral-superiority, great leadership qualities and bravery. Louis, Chug, Molly and the rest gathered here tonight, simple put we were bred to be the superior people of our time, and for as long as we could survive into the future. Now as the ages have passed, most of the magic books, incantations, mystical medicines, and spells to keep our race alive were either, lost, stolen, or destroyed. Mostly because of wars, though out the generations, and ages since our creation. 
  As for me, I am the last of the Book Keepers or Librarians of our people. I have tried the best I could to keep the records of our people, and history straight but I like, Charlie the Horse have grown older though out the years, and have lost some of my mental abilities."
    "Man oh man! Mr. Beamer you're an Ancient. I knew you looked old, but I just thought all old people looked old, but I didn't know you were that old," said Molly with a wild look on her face.
"That is a very astute and clever observation Molly. Yes I do look old but you didn't think I was almost three-thousand years old, I bet."
    "So, Mr. Beamer I have a question."
    "Go ahead Louis."
    "You mean all of those things up in your attic, all that magic stuff, and old ancient books, and relics are mostly from Egypt?"
    "Yes Louis. Those things in my attic are the relics of my people, the books, calendars, records of my people and their history. Louis and everyone else in the room, I have a few other revelations that I would like to share with you now for you see I am not the only Ancient in the room. 
    "What Mr. Beamer...what...?" asked Jeremy in disbelief.
   Hattie May tightened her grip on Jeremy's hand.
I must confess that Doc Wellman our good town doctor, Mr. Waterwick the Fire Chief, Turk the Blacksmith, and Mr. Pennywell the Mayor, are all Ancients as well. Louis has you ever noticed, or thought, of the fact that there is a reason that Turk is the Blacksmith here in town?"
    "Well no Mr. Beamer. What are you getting at...?"
    "Turk is the town's blacksmith, but he is also the blacksmith or Ferrier for the Arions." 
    "What do you mean Arions? Are there more of them Mr. Beamer...?
    "I will get to that in a moment Louis." 
  Mr. Beamer motioned for Turk to come forward into the center of the barn.
  Everyone in the room, mouths dropped open even further. You could have heard a mouse scurry across the floor. 
  The room fell silent, once more.
    "Yes Louis, Chug, and everyone else present. All is true. I am an Ancient like Mr. Beamer and the others assembled here this evening: The Doc, Mr. Pennywell and Mr. Waterwick and I. I am the Care Taker and Furrier of the Arions, though out the eons of time. 
  You see Louis, Hattie May we Ancients have come to Centerville to live out the rest of our natural born lives. For this is the purest place on earth. The goodness of the town's residents and the good that dwells in this wonderful town is like no other place on earth. That is why we chose to live here among you all," said Turk as he motioned for Mr. Beamer to continue speaking.
    "I am sorry but there is even more we must tell you, so please may I have your attention again. Thank you Turk." 
  Molly, Tessie, and their friends all just kept looking towards the center of barn, following every word that was spoken with a deep look of contemplation on their faces. 
  Mr. Beamer again continued. 
    "Mr. Belvedere and Mr. Baron Von Beck, will you please come forward into the center of the barn?"
  The crowd parted as the two old workhorses moved forward, into the clearing, at the center of the barn. 
    "You see everyone here tonight...these two old working-horses are really Arions, just like Charlie. 
  Louis turned to look at Chug who was staring straight back at him.
    "You see we have all come to your town to live out our last days on earth. These two horses just have not had any great deeds of courage to perform, much like, Charlie did in the last few hundred years, so they are here to retire, just as Charlie did. 
  Charlie did have one last great feat to accomplish...taking over for Rudolf the Red-Nosed Reindeer, two years ago. Maybe we will still need these two horses in the future. I just don't know, just yet. I don't know if we still have the magic spells needed to convert them back, into the horses they were bred to be. I will have to look in my attic, to see if I have any of those books that would carry that magic. That is another issue that we will deal with in the near future."
  Mr. Belvedere spoke. 
    "Yes we are Arions, Baron Von Beck and I. You see my real name is Sergeant Major Bocephous the Mighty, who was in Alexander the Greats army, so long ago. The Baron's real name is Benedetto the Good, who traveled with Marco Polo though out China for so many years. You all remember the stories Mr. Beamer would tell on his back porch of us and our adventures. Those stories were all true. If you should need our services again, and if you can find the special magic to change us back into great warriors, then we will proudly serve Mankind again. Until then we should all pay attention to Mr. Beamer, and let him continue to speak." 
    "Thank you kindly Mr. Belvedere, we may, just yet call on you and The Baron in the near future." 
  Mr. Belvedere nodded a thank you then he, and The Baron stepped to the rear of the barn again, well into the shadows.
  Molly whispered in Louis's ear. "Louis this is incredible! Can you believe what we are hearing?"
  Louis grasped Molly's hand tighter in his; giving her a faint smile.
    "I knew those stories were all true. I just knew it Molly."
  Mr. Beamer continued. 
    "Now I have gotten through most of the reasons I have asked you all to come here tonight but now, I must address the most important thing of all, the real reason that we are all gathered. Again, evil is on the loose. The Eye of Horus has found its power and purpose in life, once again. This is the eye that Louis, Sammy, and a few others of you here gathered have might have encountered all ready, in your past. It is the evil eye that belongs to Squint-Eye Pete, his real name, which some of you I am sure do not know, is Petar Deegan Aden. 
  Louis mouthed his name, trying to remember it.
    "His name means Black Fire in Greek, in other languages or cultures, and at other times throughout history, he has been called other names such as The Dark Stanger or Peter the Terrible or The Dark Haired One. There have been many evil eyes in the world, but maybe only one is as evil as the one that lies within Petar's eye-socket, and that would be his mother's evil eye. 
  "I have read about this before Mr. Beamer" chimed in Louis. "There are: sick-eyes, hairy-eyeballs, fat-eyes, and eye's-of-envy. They talked about this in the books that you once gave me."
    "Yes that is right Louis. Petar's is by far the worst evil eye. For it can leave the seer of this eye lifeless, and without thought, which Louis, you have felt once. I am sure you can attest to that. The eye can rule the world. If only Petar knew its full powers. I am afraid that now that he holds the book of Aka Manah, he will be able to understand its full powers. With this power, he will be able to banish all good from the face of the earth, starting with the minds of our children. He will use and raise these children to be future criminals, through the power of that book". 
    "How do we know that Petar has the book of Aka Manah, and that he has begun to read it Mr. Beamer?" asked Molly.
  As Molly finished this last question, a commotion was heard at the back of the room, then a deep voice was heard; two emerald green eyes emerged from the shadows.
    "For I have just come from Santa's Village, and have just talked with Kris Kringle or Santa himself. Yes the book of Aka Manah has gone missing," said the great Panthera as he stepped forward into the faint light thrown off by an oil lamp, hanging above the center of the barn.
    "Panthera!" shouted out Louis as he jumped off his perch. Upon reaching Panthera, he threw his arms around his broad neck. 
    "You're here! You're really here!"
  Panthera knelt down low so that Louis could climb onto this broad back. Louis jumped aboard, giving Panthera a long, warm hug. Molly and Chug followed suit, also climbing on his back to give Panthera a warm embrace, and genuine hello.
    Jeremy, Hattie May and all the others in the barn who had never seen Panthera before could not believe what they were seeing. 
  The magnificent Panthera!
  After all the salutations and greeting were done, Panthera went back to the business to why he was there. The rest of the guests in the room just continually stared at the stately and very formidable white snow panther, as he spoke again.
    "Yes, it is great to see you all once again: Chug, Molly Louis, Mr. Beamer, Doc, and Turk, Mr. Pennywell, but we have serious business to discuss tonight. I want you all to know that what Mr. Beamer is saying, is all very true. 
  Petar and his evil mother, Big Sal Rossi do hold the book of Aka Manah. Petar stole it in the night like the thief he is from Santa's abode a few weeks back. What you don't know is that Big Sal's Rossi's real name is Kauket. You see Big Sal is the embodiment and life-blood of pure evil. Petar's mom is the reincarnation of the god of Primordial Darkness. 
  She has retaken her form here on earth after all these years. She is also the holder of the only other true evil eye on earth. She holds the evil eye of the Snake of Ra, the Serpent King's Eye. Petar's father was Mehen the Serpent. His evil was so terrible that over the years the power of his evil eye made him hunchbacked. Its evil forces contorted, and twisted his body into a hideous deformity. 
  Now if Petar has his way, he will try to kill Kauket/ Big Sal to gain the power of her evil eye. If Petar becomes the wearer of the two evil eyes then we may never be able to stop the full power of true evil at this time, or in the future. Petar, if all goes well will meet his father at the place of his creation once again, in ancient Egypt. If we allow this to happen the axis of the earth will complete a violent shift, reversing at its core, then good will no longer exist on earth, or dwell in the hearts of good beast, fish, man or animals."
    "And where does my Louis fit into all this?" asked Hattie May sheepishly.
    "Mom, Mr. Beamer, Panthera, may I try to answer this one?"
    "Yes Louis" said Panthera. "I think you already know the answers, for you are a very bright boy."
      "For...I am...I?am?the...Chosen One!"
  Jeremy looked at his son with many questions, and a renewed pride in his heart.
    "I am the one who is the direct descendent of Ozymandias the Great. The direct descendent of Ramesses the Great the Great Creator of the Ancients". I have the cobalt blue eyes and the red hair...I am the one and only. It is me?
    "Yes Louis, you are correct," said Panthera.
 Louis lowered his shoulders; the weight of the world was upon them.
    "We were not sure, you were the one, but we were hopeful. We knew that when you survived the gaze of the evil eye of Petar on the deck of the Cimmaron Cutter last year...that is when we were all sure. Having the mark of your distance relations within the color of your eyes was also the telling sign," said Mr. Beamer.
    "Since I am on a roll may I continue?" Louis gained eye contact with everyone in the room. 
  No one spoke. 
  He continued.
    "Charlie the Arion" was assigned to me to be my guardian, and protector. He gave me that magic jingle bell two years ago, just as it has been in the past for thousands of years. Arion and Master have reunited. There have been others...others who have tried to solve, this problem of yours. The...fighting and defeat of Ra the Snake, Petar, Mehen the Serpent and Kauket, but all have failed. Now it is my turn. Since I was able to survive the kidnapping of Black Jack Tilly...Petar's underling...fight off Growlar the Cave Bear, survive Nebuka the Orange Yeti, and I survived the evil eye of Squint-Eye Pete, and since I was anointed or appointed a Santa Claus in training and so on. Now that I have passed all the tests, I am now ready to take on evil face to face for the last time, and save the earth from shifting on its axis, which would let evil finally rule the earth, once again."
    "That's it in a nut-shell Louis," said Mr. Beamer. 
    "I always felt it..." said a distraught little Louis.
    "See, you are The Chosen One Louis," said Turk.
    "Well I kind of thought this next quest was going to be hard or something, or that it was something that I might be afraid of, but I had no idea. I've been thinking about this really for years, and only now have the questions been answered. Is this why I have these wild and vivid daydreams, and visions, of the future all the time?"
    "Yes Louis. That is also, why I have given you all the books from my library, over the years. We've been preparing you for your quest, really since the day you were born. You see your dad is right, and correct in his thinking. You are related to all of the famous and brave people that have lived before you. Most recently, your father was a war hero, and that only confirms our suspicions. There can be no doubt now. Again, Louis you are the "Chosen One" said Mr. Beamer as he tried to assure Louis that everything would be just fine.
    "Well, it all makes perfect since to me. Well what is the next step? Where do we go from here?" asked Louis.
    "Only the Book of Thebes can tell us Louis. I have brought it down with me from my attic. We will open it up in your presence, and you will ask it for the answers, for this is the book of truth. It was written for "you and you only" to read and comprehend."
  Mr. Beamer disappeared from the center of the room as everyone present once again, tried to regain their senses and wits about them. After a few moments, Mr. Beamer entered into the light of the oil lamp, but this time he held the "Scared Book of Thebes" in his hands. 
  Jeremy gave Louis a rub on the top of his red hair, winked, and with a gentle push, directed Louis towards the middle of the room where Mr. Beamer was holding the well-worn book. Louis fixed his hair a minute, took the straw out of his mouth, and tucked his shirt into his coveralls a little better. He reached out and took the Sacred Book out of Mr. Beamer's hand, looked over at Molly who was rubbing Muncy's belly, then began to slowly open the book.
  As the book started to show its pages to Louis, a bright uncommon light shot out from between the covers. The bright, bluish beams exploded straight up in the air, lighting the underside of the dusty barn roof. 
  All stepped back a few paces, as the iridescent light engulfed the room. Louis did not quiver, shudder, or tremble in fear; his courage did not falter.
  A small fluorescent blue fountain pen lifted up from the pages; it quietly hung in the air above the book. Mr. Beamer stepped forward. He saw that the book was found to be opened at the first page. Mr. Beamer with Louis leaned forward; they began to study the book together as it self-levitated out of Louis's hands. 
  There were pictures of Centerville, the water tower and of the Lucky 7 train, (the pages began to turn), pictures of Black Jack Tilley, Rags, Jupiter the Show Horse, Apollo, the county fair and Turk. Printed words were strewn about the pages. Some words were in English, some in ancient Greek, and some were written in the old, long ago Egyptian language that only Mr. Beamer could understand. 
  As the pages continued to turn by themselves Louis saw: Molly's kissing booth, him missing the flubbed catch during the championship baseball game against the Tigers, he saw the Great Lake, the Boreal Forest, Raff the great Red Wolf leader, Growlar the Cave Bear, the Nanaluk passage, and Nebuka the Orange Yeti. 
  There was the county fair and the parade, the climbing of the Great Pine Tree and Mrs. Telly Bell the Cook. There were pictures of Algar, Elgar, Alfeo, Elfrieda, and Elvina all dancing about their elf homes at the North Pole. These were all of the things of Louis's past, and parts of his great quests, be they big or small...were show on the pages of the Good Book.   
  Louis could not believe his eyes. 
  His life was being shown to him, and it was all recorded within the pages, of this one strange and very mystical book.
    "There are many great and noble books in the world that have been written. This is your book Louis. This is the book of your life that was meant to be written by you and you alone," said Mr. Beamer as he smiled at Louis.
  "You see Louis it has all been recorded for you, for this is your life's story. It is all here for the world to see. As all of us, have our own books to write. We are all the in the end, writer's of our own stories. Yours just happens to be written within the pages of a Magic Book."
  As the book flipped towards the second half of the book, they were blank. 
    "But Mr. Beamer, the second half of the book, the pages is blank..."
    "Yes Louis...they are. The Pen of Jupiter's Angels...Satquiel has not written the final chapters of your life's quest. This book is not complete; and there will be other books written by you, as you grow older. You will be the sole author, but you will write, the final words...to close this book. 
  Then you will have other chapters to write of your life in those books, for you will be a self-author in this last part of this story. There will be other quest to take be they, big or small, grand, extraordinary, mundane or ordinary. They will all be in your future, for you to write and tell the world about." 
    "Heck and good golly, Mr. Beamer! I had no idea that life could be like this when I was younger. I need to just be me and let these things happen, try to enjoy them and not worry so much. Are you trying to tell me, that I just have to be me, and no one else?"
    "That's about it Louis. You are becoming self-aware...of the person you were meant to be. You cannot change who you truly are, unless you truly know who you were, and where you're going?and you might as well accept that and keep that thought in your good heart, for the rest of your life. You have to learn not to be so hard on yourself, and just believe in who you are, and have faith in the decisions that you make. Everything will be all right in the end Louis. Have confidence in yourself, and all that you will be."
  With these last words spoken by Mr. Beamer...the Pen of Jupiter Angel Satquiel lowered into the pages of the Good Book...it slowly closed. 
    "We can read though the book, again tomorrow Louis. We are all tired and it is well past two o'clock in the morning now. Though evil never does rest, we will have to, for the remainder of the evening. 
  Louis come meet with me in my attic tomorrow morning. We need to speak again. We will form a plan to thwart the evil that is growing now around us and in far-off lands. We will find a way to stop Petar, the Book of Aka Manah, and Kauket. Everyone thank you for tonight, and try not to worry as well. For we have the Child-King among us who will protect us from the things we fear the most...our...own...fears.


















~Chapter 10~
Mr. Beamer's Attic 

  Louis slept remarkably well that night, after the meeting in Mr. Beamer's barn. The events of the last few days did not seem to affect him, as much as he thought they would. Being called a Child-King, the Chosen One and the Savior of the Good in the world maybe, was not as tough to handle, as he would have thought.   
  Lately...for Louis, it was just another day. 
   

  It was a bright, beautiful morning. The sun was shining in through the kitchen's east windows. 
    "Mom what's for breakfast this morning," inquired Louis as he entered the kitchen "how about some wheat pancakes, and a cup of coffee?" 
  Captain Parks gave Pepper the Cat a pet on the head, as he entered the kitchen. 
  "Oh, Louis I thought I told you about giving up coffee," exclaimed Jeremy "you're only twelve, and you drink two cups a day. My they grow up, fast."
    "I can't help it dad. I started drinking it last year on my trip north, and just never stopped."
    "Louis sometimes I think you're more grown up than I am."
Hattie May tossed a couple of wheat flapjacks on the griddle as Mr. Beamer knocked on the back double-dutch doors.
    "Good morning and how is everyone?" said Mr. Beamer.
    "Good morning Mr. Beamer; that was some talk, you gave last night; I barely slept at all last night. I was tossing and spinning like a clothes washer. I was a nervous wreck. I saw Hattie May sleeping just fine and I checked in on Louis during the night, all were sound asleep. I guess you're all just use to this type of stuff going on around here, but not me," stated Captain Parks.
    "Sorry honey. Yeah we have been doing this for a long time now, I guess. You know, it's just Louis being Louis." 
    "Can I get a plate of those flapjacks Hattie May, and can you throw in a cup of hot coffee as well? I will have it black just like Louis takes it," said Mr. Beamer as he looked over at Louis, who was devouring his pancakes as fast as he could.
    "Best...ever...mom."
    "Thanks Lewey."
    "Mr. Beamer can we go up into your attic this morning as you suggested last night? I cannot wait to get started. We need to start reading that "Good Book" again and figure out how to stop Petar, and Big Sal. I want to get this over before the start of baseball season. Heck it starts in about three months, and I want to be sure to beat those old Logansport Tigers for the championship this year."
  Mr. Beamer hearing this was reminded that, Louis was still just a kid at heart. He knew that Louis still had no idea what laid ahead for him. Louis had been through so much already. Mr. Beamer ate his pancakes, read a little of the morning newspaper with Jeremy and Hattie May, catching up on a little small talk in the process. As the dishes were being dried, and placed in the overhead cupboards, Mr. Beamer asked Louis if he would like to get started.
  Jeremy headed out towards the north fields, with Mr. Belvedere the Plow horse to begin his morning chores. Hattie May cleaned up the rest of the kitchen, then headed upstairs to finish knitting a sweater that she started weeks ago. Mr. Beamer and Louis (after eating a good home-cooked meal) headed up to the wonderment that was Mr. Beamer attic.
    "Here we are again Louis, up in my attic with another great quest thrown before you. Please take a seat on that chair over there. You will have many lessons before you go on your next quest, I can assure you that, and there is so much that I need to show you still. So you'd best be getting comfortable."
    "Alright Mr. Beamer I will try with all my might to pay attention, but don't go too fast. I want to make sure I understand everything. This is not like Miss Trumble's math class, where I don't care, what she's teaching."
    "Louis well you should be paying attention in all your classes. I know math is not too many students favorite subject, but what if someday a math question is brought before you, it turns out to be very important, and many people are depending on you and your knowledge but that one-day you did not pay attention like you should have in class? 
  Do you get the point Louis? All classes, and all of your studies are important in one way or another, you just will not know it until one day in your future. So always pay attention to your teachers, Louis."
    "Sorry, I was just telling the truth. I will start paying more attention like you asked Mr. Beamer."
    "Good Louis, I am glad we've got that clear. Now first off today, I need to show you where you have been, to be able to show you where to go next. I got up very early this morning as I have, for the last few days to try to read your book. From what the book would let me read, I found out that you have completed almost the entire task that was written, and prophesied for you earlier; but you are not finished yet. Let us open the book of Honorius of Thebes again. I will show you."
    "OK but go slowly, sometimes I don't pay attention...too much."
    "Louis..."
    "Just kidding..."
  The book was uncovered from its hiding place, from underneath a cloth draped over a table in the room. Mr. Beamer placed it on the large table in front of him; he advanced to open up the attic window, and pull back the drapes, letting in the full morning light. 
  A warm, late spring wind filled the room, clearing the dust and musty odor out of the air. Louis took a deep breath, while trying to relax the best he could. He watched Mr. Beamer prepare the book for a reading. 
  Mr. Beamer set the book on the table in front of them. He then mumbled a quick spell underneath his breath, which held Louis's full attention. When all was ready and the air was still again, Mr. Beamer dutifully open up the book's leather-bound cover.
  Again, an uncanny and very odd bright blue light emanated from the books core. The light spread outwards and upwards once again, filling up the over-stuffed room with out of the ordinary and very bright colors. The strangely colored lights flickered, taking on different shapes and forms, as the glowing blue fountain pen of Jupiter's Angel Satquiel rose up from its womb. The pen floated to about twelve inches above the paper, then hovered. Mr. Beamer spoke to the book in a strange language that Louis had never heard before:

Mighty Book of Honor 
Book of Thebes
Show me your divine wisdom once again
Show me where to begin

The pen of "Jupiter's Angel Satquiel" began to write:

Ozmyandias the Good has returned to reclaim his throne
He now walks upon this earth forlorn

Ra-Atum-Khepri is awaiting your commands 
His future lies within in your hands

Show him the ways of Ramesses 
Show him the ways of good

For the Eye of Horus and the Eye of Wedjat now roam 
the Earth once again
Petar Deegan Aden and the Snake of Ra 
will soon rise From The Neither World

The Black Fire must not spread as in the past
Show us the answers 
and make it fast

  As Mr. Beamer spoke the words of the Ancients, a low rumble could be heard far off in the nearby hills and valleys of Centerville. The ground below them began to shake. It was a mild tremor emanating from deep within the earth's mantle, slowly rising to the crust. Dust fell from the upper rafters of the rickety attic, descending down upon them both. A nearby small dormer window cracked, and the sounds of creaking wood engulfed their ears. 
    "Mr. Beamer, what's going...on...?"
    "Louis be calm, it will pass."
  The rumbles grew louder and louder, sounding like an underground freight train passing, deep below their feet.
  The rumblings stopped; the air became still again, only shortly.
    But...Mr. Beamer...I'm scared..."
    "Wait Louis...wait...on it..."
  The songbirds that were singing outside grew deathly quite as a stir in air once again filled the room. The wind began to swirl inside of the attic then another low rumble was felt below the house.
    "It bit me! It bit me!" shouted out Louis.
    "It is the evil wind of Aka Manah. It knows we are here. It knows the battle has begun. It knows your name Louis, and it has called to you to come to it. One day you will respond to its calling, but for now...the Book of Honorius Thebes, the Good Book, must be read."
  Hattie May yelled up from the base of the stairwell, "Everyone Ok; what's going on up there?"
    "Were fine ma, it's just the Lucky 7 train pulling into the station by the water tower outside of town; don't worry now."
    "Oh, all right as long as you're sure Lewey."
    "Yeah, I'm sure; everything is just fine," said the shaken little boy.
  Both looked downwards at the illuminated pages. 
  As the pages turned once again, Louis could see; pictures of his young life in Centerville slowly pass by. 
  He was with his friends splashing about at the rock quarry, the Centerville schoolhouse was shown, Louis was singing on stage at a school dance, his first meeting with Molly, and pictures of him riding his bike during the summertime. On and on it went. The pages slowly turned. 
  Each chapter heading passed by; each word was read by Mr. Beamer, and Louis with great anticipation in their hearts. 
  On it went for over an hour. Finally, the book turned to the adventures of Black Jack Tilly, the kidnapping, of Jupiter the Show Horse; then there was the French captain, and the Great Lake and Raff the Wolf. It was all clear to Louis and Mr. Beamer. It was all there for them to both study, and observe. 
  Towards the end of the book, Louis was quick to notice the chapter about Louis being handed the Magic Jingle Bell in Mr. Beamer's barn, the gift given from Charlie from what seemed so long ago. On the next page was seen Mr. Beamer giving Louis his old walking staff, mystical compass, and charts of the stars and moon. 
  Mr. Beamer spoke a few more ancient and strange words when the pen of Jupiter Angel Satquiel went dark; the book quietly closed.
  The supernatural lights reseeded, the pen fell back within its covers, all going dark. 
  Mr. Beamer gingerly placed the Good Book back on the table and spoke. 
    "That is all for now. We are where we need to be. Anymore reading of this book will not help us right now. The book is correct in its writings. Now Louis I need to know, do you still have it?"
    "Have what?"
    "It is called the Staff of Thebans. I gave you that staff last year in my attic. It has magical powers that you will need to use to complete your new quest."
    "Yes, I still have it Mr. Beamer. What's it called? I just thought it was an old walking stick when you gave it to me last year. It is in my bedroom as we speak, under my bed."
    "What about the Compass of Nubia and most importantly you will need the "Magic Bell of Amun-Ra". Charlie gave that bell to you, two years ago in my barn. Remember Louis."
    "What's the bell called? What...?"
    "The "Magic Bell of Amun-Ra" it was to be used if you ever got lost; Charlie would be able to find you, anywhere in the world; you used it once when you were kidnapped, and ended up in that gunny-sac. It is the magic bell of Master and Arion. Do you remember that bell, and all these other things?"
    "Why sure I do Mr. Beamer. I remember them all but, some of the stuff was stolen one night," said a very perplexed and confused Louis "everything was stolen...by Squint-Eye Pete, I mean Petar, on the Cimmaron over a year ago. I do not have some of those items. I have only the Staff of Thebans as you just called it" 
  "The Good Book cannot tell us anymore. Without all those items in your possession Louis, I am afraid we will not have a chance to solve this riddle, and fight the two evil eyes of Wedjat and Horus. That bell, that staff and compass are the keys to your future, and are the keys to our salvation," said Mr. Beamer as a look of worry came across his face and Louis's.
    "Well I think I know where those things would be Mr. Beamer. Petar would have them at the Saint Louis Jail. That is where he lives with Big Sal Rossi and Black Jack Tilly. He must have them, where else would they be?"
    "I believe you are right Louis. It makes perfect since to me. We must have those things to defeat this evil it is written in the Good Book. They are tied together somehow. I am not really sure yet what they mean, but without them our fate is sealed."
    "Well, then I will have to just go get them myself, so we can continue to move forward with our quest. I'm not afraid. I will take the Lucky 7 train down to Saint Louis and take care of it, Mr. Beamer."
    "No Louis. We will have a meeting with the Ancients and Arions, and see how to proceed. I would have consulted the ancient looking glass, or as it has be called before, the Burning Glass of Amun that was kept in Miss Trumble's attic, but you shattered it the other night, when you inadvertently looked in it, and saw Petar's image. It is broken now and cannot help us."
    "Well, sorry about that Mr. Beamer, but I was only up there looking for Harvey the Ghost and the next thing you know, there was Squint and I just lost my cookies. I screamed out like a rookie firewalker standing on a bed of hot coals, and that was all she wrote."
    "Well it is too late, to fret too much about it now. We have other pressing matters."
    "Sorry about that mirror. I just thought it was an old frumpy mirror. Now about the magic jingle bell, I mean the Magic Bell of Amun Ra, the Staff of Thebans, and the Compass of Nubia and all, I did not know that those things were going to be needed again. You should know better than to give things of value to a kid. How was I to know? Man I was only eleven years old. What do you think a small kid could know? Nothing Mr. Beamer we don't know really, anything. Now I am supposed to wield some wild powers or something and use those things?"
    "Easy now Louis, just take it easy. I am not blaming you for anything we will take it step by step; let us take a break for a few days. I will converse with Doc Wellman, Turk and the others, and we will see if we can sidestep those items and then find out what the Book of Thebes says and what your future will truly be. There might be other answers, just yet."
  As Mr. Beamer spoke these last few words, the ground began to shake again, only this time, a little more violently. 
    "Mr. Beamer...ah...oh...Mr. Beamer...I don't know if we have a few days! Evil it seems is alive and well in Centerville, and on the loose. I sure don't want it to catch me sleeping. I will talk with you later Mr. Beamer. I am going to go find Chug and Molly, and talk this all over with them, while you find your friends. I will see you tomorrow, and thanks again for the lessons, and helping me with reading of the Good Book...my book."
    "Ok Louis...we will talk again...and soon."
  The ground suddenly stopped shaking, as quickly as it had begun, and the earth became still once more.
  Hattie May yelled out from below again.
    "Louis...Mr. Beamer...?"
    "Coming mom!"
  Louis turned then promptly exited the attic, not bothering to look back. He ran down the stairs as quickly as his feet could move; only stopping long enough to tell his mom, he was going out for the day, and would be over at Molly's, or Chug's house. He grabbed his jacket by the front door; flying out of the house, as Muncy bounded after him. He quickly disappeared though Mr. Beamer's cornfield next door, and out of sight.
  Mr. Beamer tried again to read the Book of Honorius but the spell he had spoken before, did not work this time. The book was placed back into its hiding place and covered, with Mr. Beamer being dumfounded as, to what to really do next.
  Not so, for Louis because he knew that the Lucky 7 train departed the Centerville station for Saint Louis at ten o'clock, every evening. 





















~Chapter 11~ 
The Lucky 7 Train to Saint Louis

    "Can you believe this Chug, Panthera is here in town, but where is Charlie? I forgot to ask Mr. Beamer the other night."
    "I know Louis. I cannot really believe this is all happening. I feel a lot like I did that night last year, when we slept in Mr. Beamer's cornfield, before we left to the North Pole. It's all so exciting, seeing Panthera again was so special, and you're right, where is our Charlie?"
    "I bet he's still up in the North Pole running things. I'd put money on it, that he's so busy that he just could not make it down here."
    "Yeah that's it Chug. He's just busy, but I know he knows what's going on. He will be here soon I just feel it. Man Chug, it's so hard being a kid sometimes. It's hard enough to get your homework done on time, do your chores, keep your room clean and then, just try being a hero or the "Chosen One". It's not all it's cracked up to be.   
  All I ever wanted to do was play baseball, go to school, study all I can, and get into college. You know the regular stuff that all kids want to do. But I kind of knew there was something with me way back when, especially with all that daydreaming and vision stuff was going on." 
    "Well Louis, from what you told me happened in Mr. Beamer's attic this morning, and from what happened last night, if I were you I would do what you have to, to get this over with, be brave and just don't fight it. We can be kids again later. There will always be time for that. Heck I plan on being a kid at heart my whole life." 
    "Good tip Chug. I like that idea...being a kid at heart, for life."
    "Now back to the serious stuff. As I have told you many times Louis, I will help you all I can."
    "You're right Chug, let's get serious, let's get this done. I've made a decision and since we're blood brothers, I'm going to need your help again." 
    "Sure Louis. What's your plan?"
    "I've been thinking most of the morning long, and part of last night about this problem; I've finally got a plan. 
    "What is it Louis? I'm in..."
    "First off, Chug I'm going to Saint Louis tonight. I need to get that magic bell, those maps, and that compass back from Squint. We cannot move forward with the bigger plan of stopping evil, without those things in our possession first. That's what Mr. Beamer said, and that's what that book showed us. I'm going tonight on the ten o'clock train, the Lucky 7 train out of the Centerville station. Will you go with me?" 
    "You've got a better chance of putting handcuffs on a rattlesnake, than keeping me off that train Louis."
    "Great Chug, meet me at the old yellow farmhouse, where Mr. Periwinkle lives. You know where Black Tilly stole that old milk-wagon, a few years back. It's right on the edge of town, and close to the water tower and train station. Meet me out there at nine, OK Chug?"
    "OK Louis. I'll be there at nine, sharp."
  Louis offered Chug the secret handshake that only two real friends could share. Both boys climbed down from the loft in Mr. Beamer's barn then headed for the front barn doors, just as excited as two young adventurous boys could get. 
    "I've got to go tell Molly what's going on. See ya tonight Chug."
    "See ya."
  Chug headed home on his bike, as Louis road off in the other direction, towards Molly's house. All Louis could think about was that book, and what lied ahead for him in his immediate future. Would Molly understand? Would his parents understand that he had to right a wrong? 
  He had to go to Saint Louis.
  Molly was sitting in the afternoon sun under a large willow tree at the far end of her parent's farm, reading a book, when Louis approached on his bike.
    "Ah, there you are Molly. I was going to go over to your house, but here you are instead."
    "Hey Louis, I have not seen you since last night, boy that sure was something?huh? Imagine you're the Child-King and my boyfriend at the same time. Talk about making all the other girls in school jealous."
    "Molly you forgot to mention that I'm a hero as well, and related to Ramesses II. If we're going to brag a little...then...then let's go...all the way."
    "Louis, do you want me to punch you in the stomach again to cure your, high opinion of yourself?"
  Louis lips clenched together, and his eyes went beady as he rubbed his stomach.
    "No, no more punching Molly. You made your point already. Sorry I forgot for a minute. No hero complex or worries found here."
    "Good. Now what's up? Why'd you come by?"
    "Well I have to go to Saint Louis tonight with Chug. We have to save the world."
    "Louis...!"
  Molly's fist, clinched tightly.
    "No Molly, I'm being serious. I was with Mr. Beamer this morning, up in his attic. We did some more reading in that magic book. I figured that we have no other choice to end what's coming, with this evil stuff. I have to go to the Saint Louis jail where Squint or what's his other name, oh yeah, Petar...where he lives. 
  I need to go get that mysterious compass, those ancient maps, and that magic bell back, that Pete stole from me last year on the Great Lake. Turns out they are important, but were not sure just why yet. Chug is going with me. 
  I just came by to borrow some clothes from you, and a few wigs from your mom. I also need to borrow your Crimson Passion lipstick. I've come up with a real spectacular plan to steal those things back from Pete." 
      "Just from hearing what you need, it doesn't sound like much of a spectacular plan, to me. Lay it on me, what have you thought of Einstein."
    "Molly, have faith in me...already. Here listen up..." 
    "Go on..."
   "Now I was thinking of taking the ten o'clock train out of Centerville tonight; it takes about an hour to get to Saint Louis, and it has a stop right in the heart of the Saint Louis jail. 
  There's a loading, and unloading dock right in the prison courtyard. I remember seeing pictures of it in the newspapers a few years back. Now, I thought we could borrow your mom's wigs, some of your girly clothes, and use your Crimson Passion lipstick and rouge."
    "Why...?"     
   "You see...Chug and I could dress up like girls so they would not recognize us and if we had to, we could both do a song and dance in the courtyard, to distract them for a bit. This would get those Missouri Rats all excited, and forgetting to do their watching, or their chores, or whatever they do there. Then when we're all done they would invite us to stay the night; you know being entertainers and all. Then when they're all asleep, we'd sneak around the jail, until I find those things we need. Then we'd take the morning train back to Centerville. Well what do ya think, Molly?"
    "That's a terrible plan..."
    "Terrible? Why's that Molly? I thought it was a pretty good one."
    "Well Louis, again you didn't invite me. Just like when you planned on going to the North Pole last year. If you're going off again on some crazy adventure, and this one does sound crazy...then you have to take me with you."
    "That sounds really good to me. Just imagine now performing at the Saint Louis jail all the way from Centerville the Chosen Ones and Hot Tamale Tom?a one night only performance!"
    Louis, are you nuts? Why do you get top billing on that marquee? My name should be first. I'm the real star here. You haven't been chosen for nothing yet."  
    "Oh I forgot," said Louis as he once again rubbed his stomach.
    "I'm glad you got your memory back, and just in the nick of time."
    "Alright Molly, now me and Chug are meeting down at the old yellow farm house right at the edge of town, at Mr. Perwinkle's house. Be there at nine and bring two wigs and dresses for me and Chug, and some extra make-up."
  "I'll bring Hot Tamale Molly," said Molly as she rolled over in the grass away from Louis. 
Louis winched in pain a little bit, thinking about seeing Ole' Hot Tamale Molly again, but he knew he would need all the help he could get.


  All was quite at Louis's house. 
  He had turned in early, right after dinner. Hattie May could not believe that Louis had volunteered to go to his room earl, and do homework all night. 
    "What a good kid", Hattie May said to Jeremy as Louis headed up the stairs for the evening.
Eight thirty sharp and Louis were out his bedroom window, quicker than a fly being chased by a rolled up newspaper. Crawling across the roof, a small jump onto a hay bale leaning against the back of the house and out through the back gates, towards the old yellow farmhouse.
  Five to nine and right on time: Chug and Molly rode up on their bikes.
    "Man its a little cold out here Louis but good and dark. No moon tonight."
    "Yeah It's sure cold alright Molly. Did you get everything I asked for? Hi Chug."
    "Louis, I got everything you asked for. Now let's ride down to the train station and get this over with. I didn't tell my mom anything. I snuck out of the house."
    "I snuck out as well, Louis," said Chug "I didn't say a word to nobody. I've got to be back by about ten in the morning for breakfast. Tomorrow is Saturday my mom will be serving breakfast a little later than usual."
    "Ok, Chug...Molly. I promise we will be back no later than ten o'clock. I checked the train schedule last night in the newspaper. That old engineer still works there. What was his name? Oh yeah, Mr. Wrinkleman, anyway a train leaves Saint Louis at seven thirty in the morning, and will be back in Centerville by around eight-thirty. So Chug you can make it back by ten sharp. Matter of fact if all goes well, we will all be back in time for our Saturday breakfast.
  Down the road they went, peddling their bikes faster than a kite flies in a windstorm, tightly bundled up against the chill of the evening. Coming around a last turn in the road, they could see the water tower, and train station off in the near distance. They could hear the Lucky 7 pulling into the station.
    "The train is right on time Chug."
    "Yeah right on time, and so are we" said Molly.
    "You guys stay here and I will go inside to get the tickets. Try to stay out of sight. I see a few other kids and parents over by the loading docks. We don't want to raise any suspensions now...with you know...three kids traveling at night by themselves."
    "You're right again Louis. We'll stay to the left of the loading docks and wait," said Chug.
Louis kept his baseball cap pulled down low over his face so he would not raise too many suspicions about what he was doing. Many thoughts came back to him as he crossed over the loading dock, of that horrible night of being kidnapped by Black Jack Tilly. Louis tried the best he could to block those bad memories from his mind as he advanced into the porter's office.
    "Nice to see you again Mr. Wrinkleman, remember me from last year; you know that horse-napping?"
  The old engineer raised a wooden hearing piece up to his ear, motioning for Louis to speak again, only louder.
  Louis obliged, repeating himself.
    "Yeah...sure I remember you Louis...you're the town hero."
    "Well I've got some more hero stuff to do Mr. Wrinkleman..."
    "Oh sure Louis, do you need a ticket somewhere to go do some more saving of the world, and more saving Christmas stuff?"
    "You've got it. Can I have three tickets to Saint Louis? I'm going to see that horrible Black Jack Tilly again."
    "That's real funny Louis. Are your parents going with ya?"
    "Yeah that's it Mr.Wrinkleman, they're out front getting the luggage ready. Were going for the night, and will be back in the morning. Three tickets please."
    "Sure Louis the hero anything for you."
    "Thanks, I will see you in the morning."
  Louis bought three tickets from Mr. Wrinkleman, leaving his office heading towards the left side of the loading docks, to find Molly and Chug waiting for him. All three waited until the other passengers had boarded, and just as the train was starting to pull out of town they jumped on the ladder of the caboose at the rear of the train, quietly finding a place to sit down, inside one of the passenger cars.
  Upon walking down the aisles, and looking for a place to sit Louis noticed something very unusual. The train was filled with almost nothing but kids. Only a few adults were found, and they were up in the front passenger cars, sitting by themselves.
    "Molly look, there's nothing but kids on this train. Those adults up there, they're not traveling with these kids in our car. There must be fifty or sixty kids here. What's going on?"
  Chug, Molly, and Louis found three open seats at the very back of the club car. They slipped into their seats; oddly blending right in.
    "Louis you're right. They must all be going to Saint Louis. But then again, look real, hard at em, look Louis. They all have blank looks on their faces."
     "Well, we look like we belong here alright. Just look stupid and stare straight ahead," said Chug.
    "That's easy for you two," said a smiling Molly.
    "Tom's always joking."
    "Who's Tom?" asked Chug
    "Never mind?Chug. Never?mind." 
  The train conductor was coming down the aisle, collecting tickets. All three quickly dummied up, placing blank looks on their faces once again, to fit in. 
  Again, Louis noticed something alarming. 
    "Look Molly its Sleaze-Ball Tom, Squint-Eye Pete's kid. He's taking the tickets. What's going on here?"
    "Quiet down now, he's coming."
  As Sleazy went by all three slouched down in their seats; they pulled up their coat collars then pulled down their hats, to cover their faces. 
  All three sat as still as a lizard on a hot rock, sunning himself at noontime.
    "Tickets kids, have your tickets ready."
  Sleazy took their tickets; not noticing anything out of the ordinary. Just three more kids.
    "Wow weren't we lucky he did not recognize us. Man I hate that guy. He's gonna git his in the end Chug. Last time I saw him, he was all boxed up and coming out the working-end of the Great Wrapping-Machine" stated Louis with a smirk on his face. 
    "Yeah, we sent him packing to Saint Louis alright and right back to prison. I guess we didn't know that he's an escape artist, as well as a sneaky thief," said Chug as his face contorted in anger.
    "Oh no Louis, look there's Sammy and Growlin Harry! Right over there!"
    "Molly you're right!" said Louis as he stood up from his seat. 
    "What are they doin here? Man this is getting worse all the time. I gotta go see what's up. I gotta tell em to go back home." 
   Upon reaching to two boys, and sitting back down, Louis leaned over the seat in front of him; he whispered in Harry's ear. 
    "Harry what are ya doin on this train? It's heading to Saint Louis. Why are you heading to Saint Louis?"
    "Oh hi Louis", said Harry with no emotion showing on his face, or ringing in his voice, "I'm going to Saint Louis to join the "Missouri Rats". Why else would I be on this train?"
    "You're doing w-hat?"
  Harry just did not seem to be all there. His face was as lifeless as the moon, while he spoke.
    "Why would you want to join the "Missouri Rats" and Harry you've got Sammy with you, have ya both gone mad on me?"
     "I don't know Louis. I was playing with that toy that Santa sent me last year...and...and...the next thing you know I'm on this train. Now leave me alone Louis. Go away, unless you're gonna be a Rat as well, you'd better leave, or I'll tell Sleazy your here."
  Louis got eye contact from Sammy, but all he got in return was a blank stare. 
  Louis was crestfallen. 
  Louis's two good friends where now under the horrible spell, of the first batch of evil toys that were sent out last year from the North Pole. Evil had started to spread already, around the world, and had finally touched Centerville. Reality just kind of punched Louis in the stomach, almost as hard as Molly had earlier.
  Louis headed back for his seat, at the back of the train. 
    "What's up with Sammy?"
    "He's a goner Molly."
    "No."
    "Yep, he's already played with one of those evil toys, same as Harry, and all of these other kids on the train. It's already begun."
  Molly, Louis, and Chug really did fit in with the other kids on the train now, because they all had the same look on their faces as well.
  It was a look of total disbelief, and of not knowing.
  All three just looked forward towards the front of the passenger boxcar waiting for their arrival at Big Sal's doorstep. All thinking that maybe this, wasn't such a good idea after all. 


    "Next Stop the Saint Louis Prison!" yelled out Sleaze-Ball Tom at the top of his lungs "the next stop is the Saint Louis Prison, and then on to Kansas City, Kansas!"
  The steam-train came to a bone-shaking stop, inside the black gates of the Saint Louis prison.
  All the kids on board stood up like little lemmings then headed for the exits, all at once. As the doors opened, steam engulfed the train and surrounding courtyard, Molly, Chug, with Louis disappeared into the rear of the boxcar, into a storage closet. After a few moments, The Show was on. They exited the small storage area in full regal costume. Wigs and dresses on, perfumed and ready to get to work. Molly never looked finer. Lipstick smothered everywhere, only to be outdone by Louis and Chug. 
    "Louis I feel and look like, an idiot," said Chug. 
    "You think you look like an idiot, just look at Molly. Hot Tamale Tom is alive, and well in Saint Louis."
    "How about Hot Tamale Lewey. Louis the hero, the Chosen One, dressed up like a burlesque dancer, or better yet a circus-clown. How'd I ever get involved with this?" asked Molly as she smacked her lips together, lightly punching Louis on the shoulder. 
    "Just go with the flow you two. We might not have to perform at all. We might be able to just fit in with these other kids, get a cell for the night, and still be able to steal those things back. Just play along" said Louis while trying to wipe some red rough out of his eyes.
  The train emptied. 
  As the three little entertainers shuffled along the loading docks towards the center of the prison, towards the main yard, Louis caught the eye of Cool Joe Biggs, and Rags Martin who were monitoring the unloading, of all the kids. 
    "Boy she's a strange looker over there. Look at those crazy blue eyeballs" said Cool Joe. That's a face only a mother could love, and that hair and make-up, she has no idea what she's doin, and look at those lips Rags. She looks like she just got punched in the mouth, or just swallowed a whole bottle of jalapeno' peppers."
    "She looks more like she could be your sister Joe. She's just plain ugly." 
Rags slapped Joe on the back of the head, which brought a stern warning from Big Sal who was standing outside of her cell, up on the second floor, watching the kids unload as well.
    "You two cement-mixers stop horsing around, already. Git those kids down to the main yard and keep quite. I gotta git them to listen to my speech then indoctrinate them into the Rats. I'll be down in the yard in a minute...so git em ready, already."
    "Sure Sal. Sure!"
  Heads hanging down and blank faces on the kids, are all you could see. 
  Their minds were not their own. What a sad sight to see. 
  The prison spotlights lit up the prison yard, sending a strange shadow across Big Sal as she reached the gathering of kids. As she pushed herself along with her wheelbarrow, Black Jack Tilly, and most of the other Missouri Rats were close behind her, looking over her shoulder at the next batch of children to arrive.
    "Listen up here kids!" yelled out Big Sal as she came to a rolling stop. She picked up a cooked chicken out of her wheelbarrow, placing it in one hand, and then grabbed a dirty handkerchief to wipe her greasy face.
  All of the kids looked over to where Big Sal had just landed.
    "Welcome all of you Junior Rats. You made the first step and answered your calling, to become evil. Welcome to Camp-Big Sal said Ms. Rossi as drool began to run out of one side of her mouth.
  Louis turned to Molly and spoke.
    "This can't be happening Molly. This is so terrible."
    "I know Louis and look at Big Sal...my...my...gosh...has she ever missed one meal in her entire life?"
    "I don't think so Molly," chimed in Chug, as he tried to hide behind a few other kids to stay out of view of Cool Joe, who was standing on top of the stream train searching the courtyard of the prison, "matter of fact it looks like she doubled  up on a few meals, just in case."
  Big Sal continued to speak.
    "This will be the best summer-camp you have ever been to. I'm going to teach you all how to, steal, pilfer, lift, embezzle, thieve, rob, lie, slouch, laze-around, cheat, defraud, bamboozle, bilk, dupe, swindle, be con artists, and be bullies. 
  Then even better yet, you will learn to pick locks on safes, steal cars, and exchange dirty money, and best of all you get to beat-up, other smaller kids. You can be mean to your parents, not do your homework or chores, not have to go to Sunday school, eat as much as you want, you won't have to take baths, and you won' t have to go to any kind of school ever again, among other great things. 
  By the time, you leave this, prison you will all have tattoos, shaved heads, rotten teeth, be the most despicable kids on the planet, and best of all you will all be full-fledged: Missouri Rats. Now who am I? Well future Rats... I'm-a Big Sal Rossi...the New Sheriff of this here-a town.
  The place went wild. 
  Cheers went out from all the kids. 
  Whistles, catcalls, loud hoots, and shouts greeted Big Sal. 
  Louis ducked Rags and Cool Joe, losing them in the crowd of kids. None of Black Jack Tilly's clan recognized Louis, Molly, or Chug. Louis's plan had worked so far. 
  All three made their way to the central holding cell, where all the new arrivals were heading, and where most of the kids in the prison were staying. 
  Louis turned to ask Molly a question but she was gone. Louis looked to his left then right...no sign of Molly or Chug. Had they both had been lost in the confusion of the moment, or had they wandered off for some other strange reason. 
  Louis immediately began to worry. 
  Now noticing Sammy and Growlin Harry at the back of the holding cell, Louis called out.     
    "Sammy, Harry you two guys have got to get back on that train in the morning, when it comes back from Kansas City. You two are under a spell, can't you see that?"
  Both just stared ahead, mumbling something about Big Sal being their mom. Louis called out again, but neither spoke up. There was nothing more that Louis could do to help them.
  As the night wore on Louis searched throughout the large holding cell, and a few other adjacent cells, but he still could not find Molly or Chug. Louis was starting to give up hope of finding them during the rest of night, so he stayed at the back of the main holding cell, and well into the shadows of the night, until the last whistle of the evening finally rang.
    "Lights out?kids! Breakfast will be served at seven-thirty!" yelled out Big Belly Bill. 
  All cell doors slammed shut. 
  The prison went dark.
  Louis could not hesitate; he had to act, and now was the time. Being young and skinny has its advantages, and Louis knew it. He sucked in his stomach, slipping though the thick iron bars of the front door, and out into an empty hallway, heading for Big Sal's jail cell on the second floor, by way of the main yard. As he passed through the mess hall, and out the back doors towards the upper stairway, he passed another large holding cell full of kids. Louis stopped to peer into the throng of blank stares, and empty souls. 
    "Molly. Chug...is you in there?" called out Louis, quietly, so as not to draw attention to himself. 
  No response was heard. 
    "Molly it's your Louis!" Again, no response, only the look of hopelessness and gloom could be seen in the children's eyes. Just as Louis was turning to go, he spotted Molly and Chug huddled together, at the very back of the holding cell.
  Louis was ecstatic! 
  He slipped through the iron bars into the cell, heading towards Molly and Chug, just as fast as he could move. As he came closer and closer to them, a horrible thought entered his mind. No...no...It can't be true, thought Louis. The blank stares on their faces, was almost too much for Louis to bear.
    "Molly you didn't play with one of those toys did you? Chug how about you?"
  Chug raised one arm slowly, pointing to a toy lying on the floor; all the while drooling a little from his mouth.
    "You should try it Louis. When you're done you get to be a Missouri Rat," said Chug as a slight, odd grin appeared on his face, that revealed the ghastly evil that had been sub-planted in his heart and mind.     
  Goners, they're both goners, for sure, thought Louis.
  Louis wiped tears of sadness off his face, smearing his rouge and lipstick.
    "I'll show them. Where is that Big Sal Rossi? Turn my girlfriend into a lipstick-wearing zombie, wearing an old-lady wig will ya? I will get these guys," proclaimed Louis as he tried not to tear his dress; as he slipped back through the front cell bars. 
  Up the hallway, he went following the smell of dirty laundry, rotting food, and body odor towards Big Sal Rossi's cell. 
  The eerie light of the prison's lone spot light circled the prison, reflecting off the cold cement walls. Now and then, the prison spotlight hit Louis across the face showing a determination and grit, not seen in Louis in quite some time. 
    "I'm going get that evil book and that compass; what's it called, The Compass of Nubia. I'll show them how a real thief does it," mumbled Louis as he shuffled along the dark hallway. 
  Louis stopped cold in his tracks. 
  Unimaginable fear entered his mind.
  He felt a tug at his soul and a pull on his mind. 
  His legs began to shake as a bead of sweat fell off the tip of his nose. He now stood in front of a lone darkened jail cell; he looked up and read: 

Here lives Squint-Eye Pete 
The meanest and most evil person alive 
Enter at Your Own Risk!

  
  Louis's teeth rattled. 
  He could not swallow.
  A moment of clarity came to him. 
  He must enter. 
  Without giving it another thought Louis paused, then quietly slipped though the iron bars, into the welcoming arms of pure evil. 
  He stood face to face with his destiny. 
  Petar was asleep, deep into his dream world of plotting nastiness and filth.   
  Plotting and scheming, even as he slumbered.
  
  Evil knows no fear.
  Evil never sleeps. 
  
  Louis cautiously looked about the prison cell, trying to look closely into the darkness. The foul odor of wickedness filled his senses; overtaking his mind. 
  Dread gripped him, once again. 
  His legs quivered wildly. 
  Placing his hands against the cold, lifeless, cement walls for support, he felt his way around the medium-sized cell. He accidentally kicked the edge of Petar's bed. A large, hairy rat, showing two outsized front jagged teeth, revealed himself from under the dirty, tattered covers.   
  Louis bent over to get a better look. 
  The rat made a rat face at Louis. 
  Louis made a rat face back: he scrunched up his nose, bought his hands up tightly under his neck, and then wiggled his fingers together, as if he had rat whiskers. The rat moved towards the edge of the bed, saw Louis's, wig, lipstick, and rouge then darted back under the covers for safety, just as quickly as a rat could possibly move.
   Wimp thought, Louis.
  Louis kicked something else. 
  Looking down he saw of all things, his backpack. It was the one stolen from him off the Cimmaron Cutter last year. 
  Louis's heart was lightened at last, a good sign, when one was needed most. Grabbing one strap, he slowly pulled the bag off the floor, quietly placing it over one shoulder. Petar did not move. 
  His breathing was still steady, his foul body odor ever-present, The Black Fire was asleep, and the Eye of Horus was still covered underneath his leather patch, sleeping along with its Dark Master. 
  Louis stepped lightly towards the front cell bars, into the faint light of the prison spotlight that was still circling the prison with its silent, searching eye. 
  Louis scavenged though the backpack. His hand came across a cold metal object. Pulling the thin, circular object out of the darkness, and into the stale air of the prison cell, Louis's eyes lit up. 
  The Compass of Nubia was back, within his grasp once more. 
  His heart found renewed strength. 
  His courage was starting to grow again. 
  His legs and teeth stopped shaking for a moment. Upon reaching back into the backpack, he could not find the Magic Jingle Bell. The Bell of Amun-Ra, the bell that Charlie had given him, in Mr. Beamer's barn; what now seemed like so...so...long ago.
  A horrible thought came too little Louis. 
  Petar must be wearing, Amun-Ra. Where else could it be? A longing to be home, to be safe, and warm in his bed filled Louis's mind. A faint smell of his father's cologne seemed to fill his nostrils. The warm touch of Hattie May's hand, raised goose bumps on Louis's arm. 
  If it was, only true... 
  Petar abruptly rolled over in his bed. Two large rats jumped out from under the tattered covers, scurrying for another place to sleep. Both rats looked back at Louis in disgust. 
    "I hate rats," thought Louis as he made another rat face, to his delight.
  Petar's shirt was loose at the neck; three buttons were open. When the prison spotlight passed by again, Louis spotted his prize. Amun-Ra was in sight. 
  Creeping slowly towards the sleeping beast, Louis pulled back the sleeve of Molly's dress, exposing his twitching fingers. Looming over his target Louis reached down, and ever so gently pilfered his bell back from Petar Deegan Aden, Master of Mehan the Serpent." 
  Tightly holding the small bell in his left hand, Louis tenderly took two steps backwards. 
  Petar did not rustle.
  One small drip of sweat burned Louis's left eye.
  Pure relief now came over Louis. His breathing returned to normal; with a few quick steps, he went missing. 
  Louis slipped though the iron bars like the cat burglar he was, slinking down the hallway away from the spawn of evil, towards Petar's fawning mother...Kauket, better known as, Big Sal Rossi. 
  Big Sal was sprawled out in her cell, sleeping on the cement floor. The bed below her had been crushed again, broken, and found in shambles. She still slept comfortably. Her five-o'clock shadow showed under her thick chins, and about her swollen cheeks. A cigar was held loosely between her fat lips. Her wheelbarrow found nearby, was full of dirty dishes, and bones from a past grazing.
  It was two-o'clock in the morning, the prison was still quite. 
  Louis started to slip though the cell's bars into her cell when Sal suddenly awoke. She slobbered on herself, blew snot from her fat nose, and spit to her left side. Louis jumped backwards into the shadows of the hallway as Sal rummaged around her cell for a few moments. Louis could hear the sounds of breaking bones. Sal was having her late-evening snack. 
  For over three hours, Louis stood in silence in the hallway. His heart pounded in unison with each crack of a bone, and with each empty plate that hit the floor. 
  Louis grew tired and weak as the time slowly passed. 
  The maps and the evil Book of Aka Manah was within his reach, he could sense it.
  
  Another hour passed. 
  A pale sunlight started to creep into the soulless hallways, and cells of the prison.
  Louis was running out of time.
  Silence once again was heard.  
  Not hearing any sounds coming from Sal's cell for over fifteen minutes, Louis knew this would be his last chance. He poked his head around the corner of the cell wall; quietly he examined the inside. 
  Kauket was back asleep. 
  Leaving his backpack in the hallway, he passed though the small openings in the bars. Louis was once again a thief in the night. Being careful not to step on any plates or crack any bones lying nearby, he moved forwards towards the massive lump of sleeping-blubber that was Big Sal Rossi. 
  In the light of the morning under one enormous cheek of Sal's, butt Louis saw, a small pile of maps and blueprints. Mr. Beamer's name was visible on one corner. 
  Bingo! 
  Sal rolled back over the other way.
  You whale, thought Louis.  
  How do you move two tons of blubber?" 
  Bingo again! 
  Food! 
  A clever thief, he was. 
  Louis found a partially un-eaten spare-rib lying in the corner of the cell. It was smothered in BBQ sauce, the perfect lure. Louis waived the delectable smelling ribs under Big Sal's nose. The aroma caught her senses. Sal lunged forward, rolling to her left, as she grasped about the air for the rib, in a dream-state. Louis gently stuffed the rib into a corner of her open mouth, knocking the smoldering cigar out of the other corner. She fell into a deeper more restful sleep while her mouth automatically began to gnaw on the well-seasoned bone. 
  The maps and blueprints were exposed. 
  With one great tug, the papers were in Louis's clutches.
  As Sal continued to roll, back and forth, in her dream state, the strangest thing happened next. 
    "Oooooh?ahhhh...wow, I'm finally free. I have been under that fat butt for over three hours!"
  Cool Joe Biggs surfaced on the other side of Sal's overweight butt.
  To his surprise, he looked up at Louis standing in front of him, in drag. 
     "Man is you ugly."
     "You're not too much to look at either" quipped back Louis as he smacked his big red lips together, and adjusted his wig.
     "At least my teeth are beautiful to look at," said Joe as he cracked an insidious smile.
  Louis reached for a hand-mirror lying on a nearby table, pointing it towards Toothless.
     "All you need is some lipstick on those lips, and you would have the perfect look for the runway this year. What is that new look, Ugly-Sheik.
  Joe looked into the mirror, smiling broadly, once again. 
     "I'm beautiful, look at that smile. Ice! I just love Ice?BOY!!" 
  The jig was up; Louis knew it! 
  Out of the corner of Sal's other butt cheek, Louis noticed a, well-worn leather-bound book, which on its cover read: The Book of Aka Manah.
     "Gotta go ugly sheik, I'll set up an appointment for ya with my dentist when I get back to Centerville. D.D.S. Mr. Pearlman is his name. He can fix you up right quick. You'll still have a chance to find a nice girl, just fix that one tooth left, and rub that ugly off your face." 
  Joe rolled up his stained tee shirt, showing off his casket-tattoo, "Nobody double crosses me, Louis the Red!"
  Louis didn't need any more enticements than that to high tail it. With maps, blueprints and evil book in hand, Louis made thin, flying towards the openings in the cell bars with Cool Joe Biggs fast on his tail, with fingers reaching and grasping at Louis.
  Louis made his escape. 
  Passing through the bars, not looking back went Louis. 
    "Sal wake-up!" screamed out Cool Joe in a high-pitched whine.  
  Sal was slow to wake from her deep slumber, as Joe whaled out again.
    "That little red haired, freckle faced thief, has got your evil book Sal, and those maps!"
  Big Sal opened her one good eye. 
  She sat up, spitting out the spare rib.
    "What are you screaming about you toothless wonder? No one is brave enough, or stupid enough, to try and steal from Big Sal Rossi!"
    "Petar wake up?we've got company!" screamed out Cool Joe.
  Sal reached to her left, then pulled down the fire alarm. A loud ring echoed throughout the prison. Louis immediately ran for the farthest hallway, towards the stairs leading into the central courtyard.
    "Petar git up, we've got a shoplifter in our mitts," screamed out Cool Joe at the top of his lungs, which rattled his yellow and green tooth.
  Big Sal tried plopping her large belly into her wheelbarrow, but was having troubles.
    "It's that cowl-licked, red-haired kid dressed up as a little girl. I think he's off his rocker, or got an identity crises goin on. He's stolen those maps and the Book of Aka Manah, Pete!" yelled out Joe.   
  Petar was quick to stir; he jumped to his feet, wiped the sleep out of his one good eye, un-locked his cell door, quickly swinging it open; now heading for the balcony handrails. Upon searching about the yard, he found his little pickpocket running for the loading docks, over by the train tracks.  
  Louis scampered onto to the far side loading dock, as the Luck 7 could now be heard coming back up the railroad tracks, heading towards the now open, front main-gates. 
    "Shut those gates!" screamed out Petar above the wails of the fire alarm. 
  Louis racing across the loading dock, fleeing for his life looked to his left, towards the far corner of the prison yard. Out of the corner of his eye, to his dismay he saw a horrible site. 
  Another Great Wrapping-Machine was under construction. 
  It was an exact replica of the one in Santa's Village. 
  Louis's heart dropped in his chest. 
  He thought, the children?no?no?it can't be!
  The iron train slammed into the gates as they began to close, sending them flying out in all directions.
  Wha...a...a...a...ck?!!
  Louis ducked the debris showering down all round him.
  As Louis regained his bearings, he dashed towards the train that was now coming to a complete stop in the center of the yard. 
  Louis stumbled on a large piece of metal, sending the book of Aka Manah falling from his hands. The book upon hitting the ground opened to the last chapter and a blank page. As the dust cleared around Louis's head, the Pen of Jupiter Satquiel rose above the pages. 
  Louis?paused to gaze at the beauty of the pen then stared at the open book. Upon looking down, being drawn, he could see the large head of a fiend-serpent. The pen continued to move across the page, now two monstrous fangs appeared, then a thick black forked tongue slithered out from its gaping mouth?it speared a small, boyish, yet indiscernible figure standing close by. Louis could have sworn the boy had red hair.
  A quick gulp by the serpent and the small body disappeared, into the dark abyss, down its throat. The eyes of the serpent shown a brighter red as the omnipresent, devilish tongue flicked wildly again. 
  The pen lowered to the pages once more and began to write: 


THE TIME OF MAN WILL SOON BE NO MORE
DARKNESS WILL DECEND ON THIS EARTH AS BEFORE

JUST LIKE THE CHANGING OF THE TIDES AND WINDS
SO IT WILL SOON BEGIN


APOPHAIS THE DESTROYER WILL SOON AWAKEN 
 FROM THE HE BELLY OF THIS EARTH 

I ASSURE YOU ALL 
IT WILL BE A DAY OF DARKNESS REBIRTHED

    The magical pen diminished in color, going dark. 
  The book closed tightly shut.
  Louis gasped for air as he staggered to his feet: forgetting to go after the evil book. His mind filled with terror once more. 
    "Molly, Chug?!!" he screamed out. 
  Inside the prison, locked away in a cell with a hundred other kids: Molly and Chug did not reply. 
  Louis fought his way up the rear ladder on the train's caboose. Upon reaching the top of a passenger cab, he searched about for an exit, a way to freedom. Looking back, he saw Sal barking out orders from the second floor balcony. Looking forward, and about the train, he saw Black Jack Tilly, Cool Joe Biggs, Flat-Nose Hank, Horse-Face Willie, and Sleaze-Ball Tom closing fast. Missouri Rats were everywhere in the yard, looking towards Louis, laughing and cajoling him. 
    "Nice dress fella!"
    "Where did you get that red lipstick, at a Five and Dime?"
    "Hot Tamale Tom lives" screamed back Louis at his detractors. 
  Flat-Nose Hank finally was upon poor Louis. Grabbing him from behind, Flat-Nose threw little Louis up, onto the roof of the train.
  Louis hit with a loud clunk, which sent his breadth from him. 
  He was dazed.
  Louis was in deep trouble.
  Just then, a blinding flash of light flew across the face of the brightening morning sky above. A large shadow covered the dawn's morning light. A loud whiney was heard as Flat-Nose went flying, landing with a dull sound, upon the hard prison ground below. 
  Another flash of light, another dark shadow across the wakening sky: Horse-Face Willy, Sleaze-Ball, and Black Jack Tilly went flying about the yard, out in other directions. Another high piercing whiney was heard above the din of prisoner voices, shouting out from within the prison walls. 
  All below where now pointing towards the heavens above.
  Louis looked up the best he could, through the bright rays of the morning sunlight as they finally fully engulfed him, only to see two large outstretched white wings fluttering wildly above him. The now enlivened wind rustled violently across his face.
    "Louis the Red" your rescue is at hand!"
  A stunningly beautiful, and most magical horse was hovering above little Louis. 
  A Pegasus!! 
    "Quickly Louis, it is your Charlie!!"
  Louis showed his pearly smile. He flung his backpack across his shoulders, making a great leap of faith he landed onto the back of the great beast. 
  A perfect landing! 
  Louis fell forward, grappling onto the well-muscled neck, deep into his feathers. His arms could not reach around and clasp, his arms were just too short. Louis held on for dear life as the magnificent Great White Horse banked to the left. In doing so, he deflected a wayward horse-noose sent by Cool Joe Biggs, the infamous horse-thief. Charlie's left hoof was thrust forward on a mission, directly hitting Cool Joe Biggs on his boney solar plexus, sending him reeling back onto the metal roof of the train. 
    "Ice! I just love Ice!" tried shouting out Joe at the top of his lungs, as he gasped for air, "revenge will be mine!"
  Cool Joe rolled up one sleeve again, showing off his Casket-Tattoo, "I hate that kid...I just hate that kid!" he screamed out!"
  As Louis was being wisped away towards safety, Big Sal could be seen in the distance throwing skinned chicken bones, dirty plates, and a few Missouri Rats off her balcony, screeching out in hatred the whole time.
    Louis was over-come with anguish. 
  His eyelids grew heavy. Finally, the weight of the moment overtook him. He fell forward onto the back of Charlie the Great White Horse, falling into a dream-state as Charlie quickly rose in altitude. 
  Hot early summer winds now blew across the underside of his enormous, expanded wings. 
  With each mighty downward stroke, they both alighted higher and higher into the Missouri skies, farther away from danger. One last shadow passed across the prison yard, and across the gilded windows and bars that entombed Molly and Chug. 
  One longtime friend was rescued from the grip of evil; two trusted friends were left behind with wickedness, gripping their minds.   








~Chapter 12~
The Pegasus

    "Please wake up Louis," implored Mr. Beamer "you've been sleeping almost the entire day."
    "Lewey please wake up. We're all so worried about you," proclaimed Hattie May.
  Louis was slow to stir. 
  His dreams had been troublesome all night, and the dreadful images of the day before were still imprinted on his mind. Had Molly, Sammy, Chug, and Harry minds really been lost to evil! Their childhoods; are they to be lost forever?
    "What happened to Chug and Molly Louis, and why did you go to the Saint Louis prison in the first place," asked Mr. Beamer in a stern tone, "my heaven, what were you thinking?"
  Louis's eyes slowly opened. He removed the ice pack off his forehead, and then sat up in his bed.
    "What happened? Why are you all in my bedroom?" 
    "Louis you went to the Saint Louis prison on the Lucky 7 train last night, with Molly and Chug, don't you remember?" asked Mr. Beamer. 
    "Not really...what...?"
    "This morning, when you got home you were mumbling something about them, both being held captive against their will; and what about Sammy and Harry?" asked Hattie May.
  Louis was still slow to remember.
    "Oh, wow does my head hurt, oh that's right it's starting to come back to me now. Mom, Mr. Beamer, Dad you're all here. I'm so glad to see you. Man last night I did a terrible thing. I tried to be a hero again and I flubbed up?"big time"."
    "Louis what did you do this time, what happened last night?"
    "Well, it's all a little fuzzy, but from what I can remember?let's see...after talking with Mr. Beamer yesterday up in his attic, I felt I had to get the Compass of Nubia back, those maps and the magic bell of Amun-Ra. I lost them once, and I just felt this was my entire fault. I just had to do something.
   After some deliberation on my part, I came up with a crazy plan. I asked Molly and Chug to go with me, and off we went to Saint Louis, in the middle of the night. I thought I could outwit em all down there. I look back now...man...what was I thinking?"
    "Yes what were you thinking, apparently you weren't thinking at all' said a worried Mr. Beamer, "now, Molly and Chug are gone." 
    "No they're there Mr. Beamer. They're still in Saint Louis, under some kind of a mind-binding spell. Big Sal controls Harry, Sammy and my other two best friends as well. Oh man, I'm so sorry everyone. This is my fault. I promise not to try and be something I'm not, ever again?"a hero"?geez?I'm a?a..."
    "Louis you have to stop being so impetuous and hero-minded. All this talk, about evil, Petar, crazy eyeballs, and you being related to Ramesses the II, you being Ozymandias and the such, is just too much for me to bear."
    "I'm so sorry mom."
    "This is all, your fault Mr. Beamer! You've put all these thoughts in my little Lewey's head these last two years. Why don't you Ancients go fight your own fights, with evil by yourself, and leave us simple country-folk, to live our lives by ourselves?" said Hattie May as tears streamed down her face.
    "Mom it's not Mr. Beamer's fault that our friends are gone. It's the evil. Its Petar, it's, the impending return of "Mehen the Serpent Rider". 
  What I did was wrong. I now know that now; letting my youth and inexperience, show to my enemy. I did not work within the framework of good, within my destiny, or within the writings of the Good Book of Honorius, the Sworn Book."
    "Oh little Lewey, what's become of you? Do you hear yourself speaking about evil...Petar...and...and...it's all so much," cried out Hattie May.
     "Oh mom, you, and I both have to realize that I am not a kid anymore. I have to dig deep inside of myself, and find the man I was destined to be, don't you see that, I don't want to be a hero anymore, but I don't want to be a shrinking violet either. I've got to do somethin...but what...?"
    "Oh Louis just listen to yourself. What happened to my child, my little boy who would not mend my fences, or pull weeds out of the vegetable garden? Do you remember those jackrabbits Louis? Do you remember Mr. Hair Rabbit and Digger the Rabbit...that little shoplifter...always stealing from Mr. Beamer's garden? You know our very own garden-variety thief. I miss your constant daydreaming and idleness and?and?"
    "Mom, you're losing it; that kid is still inside of me, but I am just different. I'm growing up now, and fast. You have to accept that, and let me be myself, let my destiny call me, and let me answer that calling mom."
    "Hattie May Louis is right. Even though he has made mistakes in the past, this is all part of his destiny. He is bound to fail. Everyone must fail at sometimes in his or her life. That is how you learn from your mistakes. We must let him continue. Now as Mr. Beamer has said before, and from what the Sworn Book has foretold. Louis may be the future Child-King of Thebes. Hattie May if he is the Chosen One as the Profits and prophecies have shown, then who are we to forbid this from happening?" asked Jeremy as he took Hattie May by the hand to comfort her, the best he could. 
   Louis's face once again was overcome with grief; thinking about the loss of his friends. 
    "I will solve this mess, mom. I can do it really, I can do it, and by the way, mom this gets even stranger. I think I saw a real Pegasus, one of those mystical horses...really, and I thought it was Charlie because he spoke to me, from what I can remember."
    "You saw ah, what Louis? A Pegasus, that you thought was Charlie?" asked Hattie May in disbelief.
  Louis gently laid his weary head back down on his pillow, rubbed his forehead, and then closed his sleepy eyes once more. Mr. Beamer motioned for everyone to leave the room. Hattie May was soothed by Jeremy as they turned away from Louis. They both headed for the comfort of their own bedroom, as Mr. Beamer sat by Louis's bed for the better part of the next few hours, to keep an eye on him. 
  The Child-King fell into a restless sleep, once more.

  
  Word got out around town about the adventures of the three children, and their trip to Saint Louis, from the night before. The Gazette Stakes had front-page headlines the next morning, ringing out about the missing children:


FOUR CENTERVILLE CHILDREN GO MISSING! 
FEARED KIDNAPPED BY BIG SAL ROSSI AND THE "MISSOURI RATS"!


  Mr. Beamer and the other Ancients called another meeting. All were to meet once again in Mr. Beamer's barn. 
  Mr. Beamer spent the remainder of the day and the next night in solitude, up in his attic with his mind searching for answers. Repeatedly he rummaged around his library of ancient writings. He tried time after time to open, and read the Good Book of Honorius, but it just would not release its wisdom to him. He tried every assortment of incantations, spells, and magic on the book but nothing apparently worked. 
  The, book simply, would not cooperate. 
  Did Louis play a bigger part in all of this than even Mr. Beamer knew?
  

  The next day broke with a gentle warm breeze blowing in, from the south. It had been a comfortable early summer with temperatures staying peaceable and mild. Only a few early summers, rain clouds, and lightning storms had rolled through town in the last few weeks. The nights were still a little cool but no one was overly concerned with the weather, as otherworldly storm clouds gathered in everyone's thoughts.  
  Fear gripped the very heart, of Centerville. 
    

    "Louis I'm glad to see you out and about once again. You must be feeling better," asked Mrs. Beamer in an inquiring tone "and hi Muncy, you sure look happy".
  A drooling Muncy smiled. 
    "I'm feeling much better Mrs. Beamer," said Louis.
    "Did you get any sleep at all last night?" 
    "Yeah I did, but I had some more of those wild dreams that I've been having lately."
    "Those dreams will most likely continue for some time, until all of this is over with. I will let Thomas know that you're up early this morning. He definitely wants to talk with you as soon as possible."
    "I'll be down in your barn this morning, Mrs. Beamer. I just feel like visiting Charlie's old stall for a while. I just feel like I need to be alone for a bit. Can you ask Mr. Beamer to come down to the barn in about twenty minutes or so?"
    "Sure Louis. He's been waiting all morning to talk with you, and thanks for bringing in some firewood for me, we were running low."
    "You're welcome Mrs. Beamer again I'll be in your barn, the rest of the morning." 
    "I'll make sure to send Thomas down when I find him."
   Louis with Muncy trailing along headed for Mr. Beamer's menagerie, called his barn. After a few good tugs at the oversized barn doors and large brass door bolt, Louis made his way inside. Muncy found a comfortable place to lay on a large hay-bail. 
  Louis just could not withdraw his chattering mind. He walked back and forth about the barn, deep in thought.
  Old Harriot the Milking cow was taking a mid-morning nap, as were most of the other animals. The Henderson family of chickens could not be found anywhere, and were most likely sunning themselves out back. 
  Louis with a now deliberate pace, headed towards Charlie's old stall. With head hung low and lost in worry, Louis bent down and picked up a piece of hay, placing it in between his lips. Turning his baseball cap backwards and pulling up his coveralls, Louis muttered under his breath, "Man, what have I done? I can't believe I've got Molly and Chug in trouble...big trouble. Oh this is so terrible."
    "Well maybe if you would have consulted me first, this could have all been avoided," said a strange yet familiar voice that rang forth from the dark shadows at the back of Charlie's stall.
    "Who's there...?" 
  Louis spun about, trying to locate the voice.
    "Next time you go off, and try to save the world; I'm going with you" said the peculiar yet recognizable voice".   
    "Ah...ah?oh no?Mr. Beamer! Mr. Beamer...!"
    "Oh stop panicking Louis. It's just your Charlie!" 
  Charlie slowly emerged from the very rear of his stall; fluttering his broad white wings; he whined loudly.
    "EEEEE?HE...HEHE?HE!"
  Louis jumped backwards, in dismay. 
  He did not recognize Charlie, his best friend.
    "CHARLIE IS THAT REALLY...YOU...?
  As Charlie flapped his magnificent white wings, bits of hay circled about the barn in an eager fashion, covering Louis from head-to-toe. 
  Another loud whiney was heard.
    "EEEEE?HE...HEHE?HE!!"
    "I won the Porter-House Steaks last year, remember that race Louis?"
  Louis was disarmed.
    "Does your wife still have that horseshoe collection hanging on her wall? 
    "You bet she does, thousands of em!"
    "Oh...my Charlie!"
    "Oh...my Louis!"
    "Man, those are some nice wings. Charlie...it is...you my good friend!"                                               
  Louis took three large hops then bounded onto Charlie's broad back. 
  Feathers went flying out in all directions.
    "Hey Louis watch out for the feathers? Are you trying to make a down-pillow out of me? I've only got so many feathers, you know."
    "Oh, Charlie how great is it, to see you? Wow, you have you changed. 
    "Well I am a world famous Arion, remember."
    "Has Mr. Beamer been casting spells on you, or was it Santa Claus using those Magic Jingle Bells again? 
    "Well, you got it right the second time Louis. It was Santa Claus. I flew down the other night when I heard you went missing. After talking with Mr. Beamer, we both figured you were down in Saint Louis, trying to save the world. Therefore, I flew down there looking for you. Don't you remember me saving you on the top of that old train? Don't you remember seeing a Pegasus?"
    "Yeah, I think I do. I remember a horse flying overhead, but I wasn't sure and then I just rather passed out I guess. Anyway...heck...it's great to see you again. And these wings are real?"
    "Yep, I'm just as real as you sitting on my back, kicking my sides."
    "Oh I'm sorry Charlie. I just get so excited when I see you."
    "Well give me another big hug, and let's get down to business."
  Louis jumped off Charlie's back, (being careful not to make any more pillows) landing with a soft thud on a nearby pile of hay.
  The barn doors swung open a little further as Mr. Beamer entered the barn. 
    "Charlie I'm glad to see your looking well this morning. How'd it feel to spend the night in your old home again?" asked Mr. Beamer as he hugged Louis and gave Muncy a warm heartfelt, pat on the head.
    "It sure brought back some fond memories of dancing, and singing around the holidays and of better times Mr. Beamer. As always, it's good to be home."
   "I spread out extra hay on the ground, and filled up your apple-bin with extra apples from Mr. Waterman's apple trees, to try and make you feel as welcome and comfortable as possible."
    "It's all good Mr. Beamer. You always have taken great care of me, just as I will now take great care of you, and of course my Louis. Now we must get down to business once again. 
    "Your right on all accounts Charlie."
    "Well, it seems like old Squint-Eye Pete, or has he has now been calling himself, "Petar" and Big Sal are up to no good again. You see: It is now time for brave men and horses to be brave once again. 
  Petar walks the earth once more. Mehan the Serpent's power is growing, and if we don't stop these scourges that are spreading upon the earth; we will all fail to live long enough, to find our own destinies."
    "This is so true Charlie. The time of good men to act, is now. Although I do not have all the answers, I seek. I am sure with the help of the other Elders and Ancients who reside here in Centerville, and with the help of Panthera, you and Louis, we can find the answers we seek to this most perplexing riddle" said Mr. Beamer as he sat down next to Louis, and Muncy on a large hail bail.
    "Charlie did you know that I'm the Chosen-One. That my real name is Ozymandias, and that I am a direct decent of Ramesses II?" expounded Louis as he puffed out his chest in a comical manner.
    "Yes I did know that Louis. I have known it all along. Why do you think I was sent to Centerville so long ago? I was sent here for you to be my Master. All Arions must have a master, or they have no purpose in life."
    "Wha-t? You knew it all along; you mean it's all really true Charlie?"
    "Yes Louis, it is all really true. You see Mr. Beamer, and the other Ancients all have come here to watch out for you, for you are to save the world Louis. I know that in your heart of hearts Louis, you have known this all along."
    "Hearing it from you Charlie really hits home. I mean I didn't?I...ah...I was not really sure?"
    "Louis it all has to be true. You're talking to a winged-horse right now."
    "Wow Charlie. I never thought of it that way. What's next for me?I mean?er?us?"    
    Mr. Beamer spoke. 
    "Let me answer that Louis. We are to have one last meeting tonight here in my barn. All the Elders and Arions will attend, one more time. You will read from the Good Book of Honorius once again, which will decide your future, for I cannot read it myself anymore. The book can only be read by you now Louis. The Good Book will guide you, and tell us all, what your and our destinies, are to be. 
    We are all only players now, in your play. 
    You are the Chosen One, for you are Ozymandias the Great!"
    "Wow, talk about pressure" said Louis as his eyes opened wider, than Big Sal's rear end.
    "Your fate and all of ours is in your young hands. Only the Sworn Book can show you, your true path to salvation. Now as for me, I have more work to do in my attic. I must learn all I can from the old scriptures, and read all I can, about the evil that you will eventually have to fight at sometime and somewhere in your future. I leave you both now. Enjoy each other's company again. Try not to worry too much Louis. You are among friends and confidants."
  Mr. Beamer gave Muncy another warm hug; afterwards he headed for his farmhouse without speaking so much as another word. 
  Muncy's face again grew worried. His tail grew limp and did not wag. His face told it all. 
    "Ah, Muncy don't worry. I'm in great hands. Remember I am to be the Child-King of Egypt. Now how can anybody top that?"
  The future Child-King jumped onto Charlie's back once again, "How about a test-drive Charlie? Let's spread those wings and fly!!"
     "Soon enough Louis, I guarantee it, but for now you must tell me all you know about Petar Deegan...the wearer of the Eye of Horus and Big Sal who now wears the Eye of Wedjat. Evil is upon us Louis, and this is no time for child's-play from the Child-King."
    "Heck no time for child's-play, what's got into you Charlie? This has to be more serious than I thought."  
    After spending a few hours in the barn with Louis (that afternoon) Charlie now felt that he knew everything that had transpired in the last few days: the meeting with the Ancients, the events at the Saint Louis jail, and most importantly the reading of the Good Book of Thebes by Louis, two days before.
    Hattie May entered the barn.
    "Lunch is ready Louis." 
    "Great mom, I'm starving."
    "Louis I made your favorite, peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, with a glass of cold milk, thanks to Harriot the Milking cow, and a freshly baked slice of apple pie for dessert."
    "That sounds great mom!"
    "And for you Charlie, I brought a large bag of carrots, picked from my garden, by myself, I might add."
    "Why thank you Hattie May" said Charlie as he licked his lips.
  Hattie May placed the tray she was carrying, and the bag of carrots onto a nearby hail bail.
    "Are you two making plans to save the world again?"
    "Mom, of course we are. What a silly question" said Louis as he went right for the apple pie."
    "I thought so Louis, always with the Big Plans. Make sure you eat that sandwich as well and not just that piece of pie."
    "Thanks again mom. I will see you tonight at dinner. How about making some mashed-potatoes and sweet-corn for dinner, with a big beefsteak?"
    "I will see what I can do about that. You be good now Louis. I will see you tonight. You're always worrying about your belly Lewey." 
    "Oh Muncy, I forgot your lunch. Come on let's go up to the farmhouse and see what we've got for you."
  Muncy (remembering how to wag his tail) jumped right in behind Hattie May as she turned and exited the barn. 


  Mr. Beamer called another meeting for later that evening; but this time only the Ancients, the Arions, Louis and Panthera, Hattie May and Jeremy were to attend. Mr. Beamer had spent the better part of the entire day, studying the ancient books and old scrolls, up in his attic. 
  He now felt that with one last reading by Louis of the Sworn Book, and with Panthera and Charlie's advice, they would be able to devise a plan to stop the evil wave that has threatened to wash around the world.
  All gathered; as the midnight hour arrived. 
  The doors to Mr. Beamer's barn were closed tightly. 
  A rare silence filled the room. 
  Panthera and Charlie had met in private earlier in the evening with much being discussed, about the power of the evil eyes merging, and of Petar's hatred for his mother ever growing and his never-ending quest for power. 
  Mr. Belvedere the Plow Horse, Baron Von Beck the Milk Horse, and Charlie stood towards the back of the barn as Mr. Beamer, Mr. Pennywell, Mr. Waterwick and Doc Wellman sat at a medium-sized table in the center of the barn. The Good Book of Thebes, The Sworn Book was sitting on the middle of the table, closed. 
  A lone gas lamp lit the room; a few candles burned on top of the table. 
  The air was still: the night was black as coal. 
  The other animals in the barn were fast asleep as Mr. Beamer began to speak.
    "Again thank you all, for coming tonight. Especially I want to thank Charlie and Panthera, for they have traveled the farthest to be with us. Now I believe that we should waste no time, for time is a luxury that we do not have. As you all know evil is now upon us. The only two evil eyes in the world, that truly matter are about to merge. There will be an unlawful death in the near future, and the prophecies that were written by the Ancients well over three thousand years ago, will be set into motion."
  Louis's shoulders and head were slumped forwards and downwards, as he listened to Mr. Beamer. Louis then looked over, into Charlie's confident, loving green eyes, for reassurance.
    "It will begin, anew" said a somber Mr. Beamer.
   Charlie had a look of self-belief on his face
    "Being the Librarian of the Ancients Books, and the Keeper of the True Good Book, I have reacquainted myself with the ancient writings of our people. I now truly believe in my heart, that Louis is the re-incarnation of Ramesses II... Ozymandias the Great."
  Louis nodded in agreement.
    "Ramesses II has, come back to us in the form of this little red-haired boy. All, look towards his face. See the cobalt-blue eyes, the birthmark of Ra...The Eyes of Ra. Ra the Sun God is with us once again.
  Louis began to sweat, not good for a sun god.
  "Evil and good, must once again dual to the death. Ra must send Petar Deegan-Amduat as he has been called before, back to the Dark-World. It is written that a great battle must once again be fought with the loser going back to the Under or Neither World and the victor will return to rule the sky's above".
  Louis wiped the sweat from his forehead. He licked his dry lips.
  Mr. Beamer continued. 
     "There will be a blackening of the Sun by the full moon's passing across its face, in three weeks time. The sun will darken; the skies will go black. The axis of the earth will begin to shift. Great and dark, brooding storms will brew in the skies above. Deep within our earth, molten lava will rise and break our earth's crust.   
  Earthquakes will precede and follow, and our world will rock in violence as evil takes hold. This has already begun around the world. We have all felt the biting winds, and the small earthquakes from a few days back. Soon time, as we know it will come to a standstill. 
  All this will come true unless Ra the Sun God is the victor in this great battle. Other evil things have already begun. It started with the stealing of some of our children's minds. Four of our own children are now lost to Petar, and the Eye of Horus. Louis has witnessed this first hand." 
  Louis lacking confidence at the time being, tried to swallow as his mouth went dry, he could not speak out.
  A confident Panthera cleared his throat to speak. 
    "I have immediate knowledge of this. For I have seen many of our children wandering the earth in search of this new darkness. I have just traveled up from central Asia, and the far eastern territories of China. It is beginning in those far off lands as well, as we, now speak."
  Panthera's eyes glowed in a deep-green fluorescent color as he stood in the gas lamps, dim light.
    Charlie proclaimed, "I have seen this, for I as well have come from afar to be here tonight. As I was flying high over Canada, Russia and the far northern countryside, I to witnessed children walking blindly in the streets and roads, heading south for Saint Louis. Petar is calling them. 
  The Eye of Horus is calling them. The toys that were made last year in the North Pole?the power of those toys have gripped the minds of those young users. Now from what Louis told me, earlier today right here in Mr. Beamer's barn, there are trainloads of children arriving daily at the Saint Louis prison. 
  Louis could not blink. 
  His fingers and toes began to quiver. 
  His heart pounded.
    "Also I have other grave news. Petar and Big Sal have read the Book of Aka Manah. With this new knowledge, they of the Neither World have taken on even more ambitious plans. It will start with a simple plan at first, for now. For they now hold the plans, and the knowledge to build their own Great Wrapping-Machine. 
  They will be making and sending out more evil toys to all the children of the world to play with. We will lose a generation of good, and eventually all the good of the world starting with our children's minds and souls" said Charlie as he fluttered his wings to emphasize his point.
    "Again from my readings in the ancient books and especially from my readings in the Book of Thoth it clearly states what Charlie says to be true and more so. For you who do not know, Thoth was an ancient god of Egypt: a god from the Middle Kingdom. He was the god of wisdom, time, writings, magic, and the moon. The Book of Thoth is the legendary book, which also contains powerful spells and knowledge. It was once buried with Prince Neferkaptah but is now lays, in my hands."
    "Continue on Mr. Beamer. I must know all I can. I must learn all I can of this evil" said a distraught and disheartened Louis.  
    "I have also surmised from my readings, that the evil that lies within the Eye of Horus and the Eye of Wedjat will be enough to dominate the world. The two eyes when combined together, under the blackened sun of the Egyptian sky during the next full eclipse of the moon, in the Valley of the Kings, will bring Mehan the Serpent back to life, within his full hideousness. There will no recovering of good. Good will no longer exist in the world, if this is allowed to happen. 
  All will be lost, and our lives will never be the same. We will be prisoners and slaves to dark and evil. Good Light on earth will never reappear. The moon will forever darken our heavens; that is why I now call on?Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri, the Sun God. Please delve, into The Good Book of Thebes, The Book of Honorius, to find your true destiny, once more.
  Louis's cowl-lick began to stand rigid at the back of his head, sending his baseball cap sliding down, over his sweaty forehead. 
  Louis stood up with the nudging of Charlie's nose squarely planted in his back. Louis approached the dim light of the gas-lamp, stumbling into Panthera. Panthera caught him in one of his oversized paws, setting him back on his feet.
  Louis stammered. 
    "Now let me?get?this?er?straight. I am the re-incarnation of Ra the Sun God. Two evil eyes are loose in the world, and are set on stealing kids minds. There will be earthquakes, mouton lava flows, brooding electrical storms, and children's souls stolen. Moreover, I have three weeks to save the world, or we will live in darkness for the rest of our days on earth. Now I have to read this book here and find the answers to solving all this mess. Is that?all?that I?er?ah?I have to do?"
    "That's it Ra" plainly stated Charlie with a twinkle in his eye.
  Louis tried to swallow one more time. 
  His throat tightly closed, and would not allow it. 
  He then fussed with his cowl-lick; it would not cooperate. 
  His red cowl-lick stood at full attention once more. 
  Fear gripped his heart. 
  After, placing his baseball cap back on his head, and straightening up his coveralls Louis shook his head up and down, in confirmation of a hard decision that had been made.
    "Petar, smetra! Steal my soul will ya. Just try. Being little, and skinny makes me hard to catch. Just try it!"
  Charlie, Panthera, Mr. Beamer, and the others assembled in the barn all smiled largely.
    "We knew you would take on the great task Louis. You truly have the heart of a lion, and the courage of a charging rhinoceros."
  Louis raised his hands in the air in a pawing motion. He roared out, imitating a lion's voice.
    "Kids will be kids," said Hattie May as she shook her head back and forth.
  Jeremy smiled at his son.
  Mr. Belvedere, Baron Von Beck, Mr. Waterwick, and the other Ancients all encircled Louis; and began to thank him profusely. Pats on the back and good wishes were abounding.
    "Now what's the plan Mr. Beamer?" asked an innocent Louis, who did not really understanding what he had just volunteered for, or had just said.
    Mr. Beamer once again spoke out. 
    "Well first off you can all call me by my true birth name: since all great truths are finally at hand. My rightful name is Tut-ankh-Amon. Louis, I was once your friend at an earlier time during the Middle-Kingdom?someday you might remember me again. As for your destiny: all you have to do, is let one of the pens of Jupiter Angel Satquiel write your future. Louis I plead with you now to, open the Sworn Book, and begin your fateful journey." 
  Louis looked about the room once more. All he saw was love, and support, in the eyes of his friends and family. He knew now that the time of talking was over. It was now the time of great and brave deeds to once again be courageously performed in the name of good. Louis stopped his quaking fingers, quailed his beating hearted then commanded his cowl-lick to be seated back on the top of his head. 
  It was a first for him.
   Upon rubbing his hand underneath his baseball cap once more, he was dumbfounded. 
    "Wow, I've never been able to do that before. It sat down all by its self. I must be growing up."
  Everyone laughed aloud. 
  Tut-ankh-Amon rubbed Louis's head in admiration. 
    "There's certainly no one in the world like you Louis: that is an undisputable truth.   
  Again, laughter erupted around the room.
  Louis slowly moved forward, towards the Sworn Book lying on the table in the center of the barn. Everyone stepped backwards a few ginger steps to give little Louis all the room he would need. Louis looked over at Charlie, gave a quick wink of the eye, and then placed both hands on the leather-bound cover. 
  As he slowly opened the book, the pen of Jupiter Angel Satquiel rose above the pages. The book deliberately turned to an empty page at the center of the book. The supernatural pen glowed, a bright color of blue once again, as it hovered. 
  
The pen slowly lowered and began to write:


THE EVIL EYES OF WEDJAT AND HORUS ARE BECKONING EVIL ONCE MORE
THEIR POWERS TOGETHER WILL BE GREATER THAN 
BEFORE

THE SEEING EYES WILL RETURN TO THEIR ORIGINATOR
THIS WILL AWAKEN THE NEITHER WORLD CREATOR 

THE CHILD- KING HAS ARISEN AND MUST NOW RECLAIM HIS THRONE
HE MUST FACE HIS DESTINY ALONE

GO NOW TO THE VALLEY OF THE KINGS 
AS YOU SEEK TO RELEASE YOUR FUTURE QUEEN

 PASS INTO THE BELLY OF THE BEAST 
DURING THE DARKNESS OF THE CELESTIAL MOON
IT IS THERE WHERE YOU WILL FIND THE COURAGE TO BE ALONE

FOR IT IS THERE THAT YOU WILL FIND 
THE ANSWERS THAT YOU SEEK
  
   The pen of Jupiter Angel Satquiel when dark as it lowered, back into the recesses of the book. 
  The Good Book of Thebes closed once more. 
  Louis placed one hand into his shirt at the collar; grasping for the magic bell hanging around his neck: the bell that Charlie had given him so long ago in his stall; the bell that Petar had once risked his life to steal. 
  "Is this bell, the key to all of this?" asked an emotional Louis of himself "I must now go to the Valley of the Kings and answer my destiny!"
  As the book closed, a collective gasp was heard about the barn. Charlie fluttered his massive wings a few times, to clear his thoughts.
   As everyone looked about for answers, Louis spoke out with firmness in his voice, "Mr. Beamer?I mean?Tut-ankh-Amon?What is the Neither World? Where are the Valley of the Kings and what about this belly of the beast stuff? I've got some work to do. And oh yeah what is this about a...future queen?" 
   "Ozymandias, well the Good Book certainly did raise quite a few questions. We will have time to discuss all of this, in the next few days as we prepare to leave, but I will tell you that the Valley of the Kings lays in ancient Egypt, it is my birthplace. I know it well. We will go back to the "Middle-Kingdom", to the time of great men and gods. 
    "We prepare to leave?we...?" asked a befuddled Louis.
    "We will travel together you and me, for I shall show you the way."
    "You mean, Tut?ah?I mean?Mr. Beamer?you will go with me?"
    "I certainly will as will Charlie and his son, Junior."
    "W-hat? You mean we all will go together? Isn't Junior at the North Pole?"
    "No I am here Ozymandias. I am here Master," said Junior as he stepped out of the far shadows of the barn, and into the light of the gas-lamp, next to his father: Charlie."
  Junior stretched out his magnificent wings, then bowed his head in respect to Louis...HIS MASTER.
    "Wow Charlie, look at Junior. He's got wings just like you!" proclaimed Louis as he approached Junior with his arms outstretched. 
  He gave Junior a warm embrace.
    "It's nice to see you again, old friend."
    "Yes we will all help you Louis the Red. For you see it is our calling, as well as yours. We knew that someday, this day would come. Louis for over three-thousand years we have been waiting for your return, it was written long ago by Jupiter Angel Satquiel, and placed in the Good Book of Thebes. It was written," said Charlie.  
  "Louis the Red"?gulped.
    "So be it, then. We must start preparing for our trip. In two days from now we will fly towards the east with our Arions, for that is what they were bred for, they are our servants. They were bred to serve good and to fight the evil that lies in evil men's and beast's hearts. 
  Louis, use your last few days here in Centerville to be with your family and friends for, you may not see them again for a long time, for we shall be traveling to the farthest parts of the world. 
  We will again call on all of our strength, and courage to overcome the dark side of man, and all things unworldly," said Tut-ankh-Amon.
  Baron Von Beck, Mr. Belvedere, the two other Arions, Doc Wellman, and the other Ancients all came forward to give Louis words of encouragement and support. 
    "My Louis, I'm so proud of you," said Hattie May as she wrapped her motherly arms around him.
    "Me as well Louis, we are both so very, very proud of you" included Jeremy as he to stepped, forward to embrace his son.
  Louis blushed. His freckles grew a brighter shade of red. 
  Unexpectedly a low, deep rumble rose from the bottom of the earth, it could be heard racing across the depths of Centerville Valley. The earth began to quickly roll and shake violently beneath their feet, sending all scrambling for cover. Two loud thunderbolts crackled out from above, even though the skies were bright blue above, even without as much as a cloud in the sky. 
  The violent shaking seemed to go on for eternity. 
  Hay and dust rained down upon them from the hayloft above. The gas-lamp blew out from a wicked and malevolent wind that blew in from the south. 
   The barn went dark.
   Jeremy called out, "Louis, Hattie May, hold on tight, I am here. Do not be afraid."
  Louis tightened his grip around his mom, grabbing her around the waist. Jeremy placed his arms around the both of them, to comfort and protect them the best he could. Louis reached deep into his shirt once more searching for comfort, finding the locket that Santa Claus had given him on Christmas Eve two years ago.
  As the violent shaking finally subsided, all grew deathly quiet. 
  Mr. Beamer lit the gas-lamp once more. 
  The faint light thrown about the room lit the faces of everyone; fear showed in the eyes, of everyone present. 
  Louis's eyeballs were still shaking in his head when he rhetorically asked.
    "Has it truly begun?"  
    "It has truly begun! As foretold, so long ago" added Tut-ankh-Amon. 


~Chapter 13~
Kauket

    "Big Sal, I gotta question for you; or should I call you by your birth name, Kauket?"
    "Son you can call me anything you want to. My birth name, or by the name I go by now. "
    "Kauket, the Goddess of Darkness and Chaos, the Overseer of Shadows Before Time Began. The Goddess of Nighttime of Time Without Light or Sun, the God of Chaotic Darkness, Reflection and Hidden-Darkness?"
    "Ok already, I got it. I know?I know?I am the Giver of Darkness, the Harbinger of all Things Dark and Evil?W-hat do you want already Petar?"
    "Mom you don't have to be so curt with me and mean. I was just talkin ya up already, like you told me to do around all the Rats here."
   "Do you see any Rats in the mess hall, any Rats within, hearing?"
   "You're right Sal but I was just practicing. Anyway, would you like another slab of beef for dinner?" 
    "Your-a darn right I wanna another slab. I've been looking a little thin lately. You know I've got to, keep my womanly figure. What would happen if, your dad would come back and see me again? He would be mad at me for losing weight. He likes me big and plump, you know. Real?hearty?and...big".
  Petar called out towards the kitchen where Black Jack Tilly, Horse-Face Willie, and Joey the Bull were making breakfast for the Rats, and all the little Rats that were locked up.
    "Horse-Face come on, hurry it up. Big Sal is a getting real hungry again."
    "You got it Squint-Eye we'll have that beef ready in a minute. I gotta a few chickens cooked and ready for her as well" called out Horse-Face as he swung open the kitchen doors and waived to Pete.
  Sal took a large puff of her cigar then rubbed a hand across her five-o'clock shadow.
    "I gotta start shaven more often don't you think Pete? These whiskers are starting to come in a little too thick and dark these days."
    "Nah ma, I can hardly see any whiskers at all. You just look like you got some dirt on your face, that's what I see, you know like you use to when you would work on your, old pig farm, way back when."
    "What about my eyebrows are they too long?" asked Sal as she matted them to the top of her bulbous forehead.
    "No ma, you look like the princess, after all you are, the Princess of all Evil and Darkness."
    "Son you really are sweet-talker, aren't you?"
  Horse-Face and Joey the Bull flew in through the doors wheeling a cart full of freshly boiled beef.
    "Here Kauket?er?I mean Big Sal. Just like you wanted, a freshly cooked side of boiled beef with crushed garlic, and three gutted and barbequed whole chickens."
    "Son help me git this wheelbarrow out of the way, so I can eat my breakfast."
  Horse-Face and The Bull pried Big-Sal's belly out of the wheelbarrow with all their might, as Petar pushed the couch under her widespread butt. Horse-Face slide the feed-cart within the reach of Sal's stubby fingers, slapped Joey on the back of the head, then accidental blurted out, "Dinner is served fatso."
  Sal snapped her head sideways, showing a contorted look on her face. 
    "I ain't fat!!"
  No one had ever called Sal fat before to her face, and lived to tell the story. 
  Sal's eyes glowed, a fiery red. 
  Her two eyebrows fought each other on her face as it grimaced in anger. She grabbed one of the chickens with two greasy, chubby fingers, held it up to her mouth, and in one quick in-and-out-motion, skinned the chicken clean to the bone. She swallowed once then hurled the chicken carcass towards Horse-Face, hitting him squarely in the face, penning him against the mess hall wall. 
  The carcass pierced his skull, cracking it in two pieces. His eyes rolled up in his head, a thin gasp of air left his throat, as his body went limp, falling to the floor.  
    "With an ugly face like that I can see why they called him Horse-Face. You think that nimrod would have learned to duck at an earlier age. I guess that's why they called him Horse-Face instead of Duck Boy. Anyway, get that horse's ass out of here before I boil and eat him. Um, Horse-Face stew, now that wouldn't be too bad for dessert."
  Joey the Bull froze in place. 
  Sal sent another empty chicken carcass flying into the wall next to him. Joey was frightened out of his wits. Slowly regaining his senses he grabbed Horse-Face by the feet, dragging him towards the kitchen doors just as fast as his short stocky legs, could move. Another skinned chicken flew past hitting the kitchen doors as Joey and Duck-Boy disappeared out of sight.
    "Punks! All punks, I tell ya! That's all we got running this here prison. Someday Hunch-Back Pete Rossi, your loving father is gonna return, and he'll set things right around here."
    Petar sneered, nodding his head in agreement.
    Sal belched loudly, rolled over sideways on the couch, she then scratched her behind for the better part of five minutes. 
  Petar's face contorted in anger as he thought of his dad: 
  Never being there for me pops...I don't mind. You never took me anywhere. You never said anything good to me. You never encouraged me. I don't mind, and look at me; I turned out to be a real good son. I real good son dad, really I did, just look at me. 
  Pete's mouth was frothing at the sides. 
  His mind began to chatter. His desire for absolute power, and evil began to overcome him again. His hatred for his dad could not be quelled any longer; it festered deep down in his empty, black-hearted soul.
  Petar's face contorted in anger as he thought of his mom: 
  He glared at his Fatso mother thinking. Horse-Face was right. Look at that gluttonous, lazy, cigar chomping, hairy, greasy, wheelbarrow-fat-carrying, tub-of-lard. 
  That's my mom; now a murderer! 
  That evil eye, why does it belong to her, and not me; I'm the one with all the smarts in this family. I do all the work around here anyway; it's always me taken care of what's got to be taken care of. I'm the one who chased that red-haired kid all over the Dark Lords creation, then it was I who went to the North Pole, and did what she said to do; with stealing those maps, that compass and that evil book. 
  I'm a good kid. She didn't even say thanks, not once, ever. She didn't even give me a gift I got nothin. Aw, she's got that evil eye and she don't even use it.
  Sal belched loudly as she dived into the side of boiled garlic and beef.
  That eye belongs to me. I deserve it, and she's gonna give it to me, one way or another, thought Petar as demonic thoughts filled his conniving and very empty head.  
    "Honey can you help me to my prison cell. I feel I need a late-morning nap. Call in some of the other boys from the kitchen and help me. Will ya?"
  Petar smiled in contempt, unnoticeable to his mother. His eyes flashed hatred. His heart grew dark and revengeful, as evil was permitted to rob his mind. 
    "Yes mom, right away. Let's go to your cell, yes?I have plans for you?ah?I mean we have to make plans." 
  He called out to the kitchen one more time. 
  Joey the Bull, Flat Nose, Baby Face Willie, Rags, and Stinky Bob came running into the mess hall. Petar motioned for them to help Fatso to her feet. Rags slammed the wheelbarrow under her corpulent and very rounded belly, and off they trundled toward Sal's lair. 
  Down the hall, they pushed her with considerable trouble. Stumbling into her cell, Kauket rolled onto her outsized bed, letting out a great breath of air, as she hit the worn bedsprings. She kicked a few empty dirty plates and pans, shouted out a few expletives at Flat-Nose, for being too skinny and ugly, then kicked the cell doors closed, as all fled for their lives. 
  Petar stayed behind, plotting.
  His heart filled with malice and meanness. 
  His hands trembled, sweat rolled off his forehead, stinging his one good eye. With his black-heart pounding in rage, he sweetly asked his mother a question. 
    "Kauket are you losing weight again? You look so thin."
    "Petar git me that rack of lamb I've got stored over in the foot-locker there. Let me snack on that till lunch comes, or till I nod off to sleep." 
  With a lust for power mounting in his disturbed soul, his fingers gripped the lamb-rack. 
  Petar leisurely moved closer to his mom.
     "Mom why don't you just open up, I will feed you like I was feeding a princess grapes?"
    "You're the sweetest child."
  As Petar Deegan Aden sauntered across the darkened prison cell, he let loose the Evil Eye of Horus Amduat, sending his eye patch to the cell floor with a flurry. A black fire roared in his evil eye. With his fingers twisted, and contorted around the exposed bones, Petar leaned forward showing his true intentions at last.
  Kauket's mouth was wide open. Saliva ran down the sides of her mouth in anticipation of her next meal. Suddenly Big Sal Rossi saw the evil look in her loving son's face. 
  Petar Deegan did the unthinkable. 
  She tried to scream as Petar climbed onto her bulging stomach. Kauket grasped for air. Petar tightened his grip; he did not flinch. Big Sal rolled to her left, then quickly stood up, moving faster than Petar had believed possible. She kicked open the cell door, stumbling to her left, out into the hallway with Petar facing her. His hands were still about her face. 
    "Mom have, another bite, you're looking very thin; we can't have that!" screamed out Petar.
  His words echoed off the nearby prison walls, down into the yard. The imprisoned children, and most of the Missouri Rats, who were hard at work building the Great Wrapping-Machine down below, looked up in horror, only to see Big Sal leaning precariously over the upper hallway railings. 
    "Pete?son?I?love you?son" called out Sal as she fought to get the words out.
    "I will save you from falling over the rail if you give me the Eye of Wedjat mom."
    "Pete, I can't do?that?I stole it?it?from Hunch-Back...I?he?gave it to me...I mean..."
    "Give it to me mom. Give me Wedjat. It needs to be with its master."
    "No?son?no..."
    "The Eye of Horus is calling for it!" screamed out Petar as he now lunged for the eye.
  Sal rolled sideways exposing her eye by mistake. As she rolled by, she swallowed the lamb bone. As it was passing down her throat, her eyes bulged out of their sockets. Petar seeing his only change to pass completely into the Neither World, reached out with his spindly, cold bony fingers towards The Eye. With one swift motion, Kauket coughed violently. The Eye of Wedjat was loose. The evil eye now out of its black, lifeless socket, hung in the air above her head for a moment: landing softly in Petar's outstretched, greedy hands.
    "It's mine at last." 
    "Mehan the Serpent-Rider has fully returned to the world of the living: to the world of the meek and weak-hearted!" shouted out Petar at the top of his lungs, for all in the world to hear.
  Kauket bellowed loudly as Petar with his off-hand, un-politely shoved her off the balcony, she ungracefully plummeted to her demise. 
    "Thanks mom, I always knew you were the giving type."    
    Kauket hit the earth with a loud and resounding thump. A dust cloud engulfed her as a last breath escaped her enormous lungs.
    "Son...but...I...I...love...you?"
  The prison yard cleared as everyone ran in panic towards safety. 
     "I guess there's a new sheriff in town, now! Any objections?" screamed out Petar towards the prison yard; exemplified by a hideous, ear-splitting laugh. 
  All cowered as they stared up at the new sheriff. Petar raised the Eye of Wedjat towards the mid-morning, Missouri sun. He raised his off hand, stiffened his bony fingers up, and stabbed at his lone good eye. With a quick twist, Petra thrust his spiny index finger into his eye. 
  He screamed out in pleasure. 
  With another quick movement, he propelled the Eye of Wedjat into the empty, black socket. 
  Another violent scream; gratification rumbled out of his throat. 
  As the power of two evil eyes met together, the earth began to rumble, vehemently! The darkening skies above roared! Two large black lightning bolts shot straightaway overhead, from a now impending storm, which sent Petar into a hysterical joy. 
    "I can feel you calling me Mehen the Serpent King. I will heed your calling: I will be with you soon. Total and absolute power will be yours soon enough."
  The skies were completely dark as last. 
  Two more black lightning bolts thundered from overhead, shooting towards the ground. 
A direct hit on the souls of Kauket's, feet. Kauket was incinerated instantly, burning to dust.    
    "Sent back into the Neither World from which she was born!" screamed out Petar. 
  As Petra watched his mother absolve to nothingness, he shed his over-sized black duster revealing his full body to the captivated and entranced prisoners, all watching in horror, from below. 
  Skeletal remnants of a man; that was all that was seen! 
  A thin layer of leathery-skin covered his scrawny frame. From his skeletal and very lean face out jutted two large sunken cheekbones on each side. His arms and legs were wasted. He sadistically shook where he stood. 
  As he looked upwards towards the fully darkened skies, the power of the two evil eyes began to show their complex and multiple powers; an evil-force surged through his body. His lanky frame grew ridge as the power of the Under World, the dark-side, began to pump new life-giving blood, back into his hardened heart. The "Black Fire" had awoken for the first time in three-thousand years. 
  Petar Deegan Aden raised his hands to the colliding skies; calling out:


I shall return to you soon Mehan-The Serpent-King
I shall go forth to the The Nekropolis
Into the City of the Dead once more

Servant will return to master 
During the next full eclipse of the moon 
Across the Sun of Ra.

I shall return to the time of Middle Earth, to the time of The Ancients
And this time I shall rise from the dust of my ancestors

I shall take back my throne 
I will return from the Neither World
 
I will rule the black skies at last never to be locked in the Under World
 again
Mehan I will be at your beckon command for eternity and beyond!


  Another black lightning bolt shot across the prison yard, striking the bell-tower. The large brass bell rang out loud-and-clear, across the prison, down into the nearby city of Saint Louis; startling the townsfolk. 
  All the townsfolk looked upwards towards the turbulent skies.
  The ground shook once more in delight as Petar turned his evil mind inward.
  Thoughts raced in his mind, thoughts of the Book of Aka Manah, and the powers that lie between its covers. 
  Another reading was forth coming he thought. 
  Petar threw his black duster back over his withering body to shield its ugliness from the children, as he dashed back into Kauket's cell to search for the answers, to his redemption. 






























~Chapter 14~
The Journey Begins

A showdown between the Lords of Light and Darkness was once again, set in motion. The cycle of light and dark: it is the in-between time of light before dawn and darkness before dusk. 
  The great battle would take place as it has in the past and will again, once more in the future. In the Valley of the Kings under the celestial darkness of a full eclipse of the moon across the face of the earth, in less than four weeks time, the cycle will continue.
  For there is no beginning...nor is there an end.
  
  Louis spent the better part of the next two days up in his room alone lost in the Sworn Book, The Good Book of Honorius of Thebes. After reading and rereading it again, Louis felt he was ultimately on the right path, towards solving his riddles.  
  Another meeting was now in order with Mr. Beamer, Panthera, Charlie and Junior before the epic journey was to begin. Mr. Beamer once again took charge and called for it to be held on the following day. All will meet back in Mr. Beamer's barn.
  

  It was a cool night as Mr. Beamer closed the barn doors. 
    "Louis did you get a chance to read from the Sworn Book anymore?"
    "Yes Mr. Beamer, I spent more than two days and nights locked up in my bedroom. Heck, I hardly slept at all."
    "Do you feel you understand the depth, and breadth of the quest set before us?"
    "So far so good, but some of the foreign language, writings, pictures and quotes, I did not understand. Can you explain the quest we will take in more detail?"
    "That is understood to be a given Louis that you do not understand all that is before you. For you are still young, and your lack of training and experience in many of these matters has not been completed yet. Your journey last year to the North Pole did wizen you in the ways of Petar and his fellow Under World spies. 
    "Yes, I feel I understand some of his devious ways."
    "Good Louis. That is very good, said Junior, for you will meet Petar again and soon."
    "Also the time you spent, sitting in the Tree of Knowledge, your passage through the lair of Growlar the Cave Bear, your battles with Raff the Red Wolf, and your meeting with Black-Elk, were all pre-foretold and written about. You have already been in training for your next undertaking, and most likely you did not even realize that it was happening", said Mr. Beamer.  
    "Yes you are right Mr. Beamer. Louis has been in training for over two years now but his training is not complete. We must have him reach Shambhala, the High Place. We must take him back to the ancient times, to Tibet for the final, fine-tuning of his skills. He must become the warrior he was destined to be. He must enlighten his mind to the ways of the Kalachakra teachings. Within his mind, he must reach Nirvana. He must find the true place of tranquility, peace, and happiness, to be able to destroy all evil, and full-fill his destiny," said Panthera as he scanned Louis's face for signs of strength and courage.
    "I will go where ever I am needed, for if my training is not complete as you say Panthera, then I will surely fail in the end. Then all will be lost."  
     "I am glad you agree Louis. The Book of Honorius can only tell, or show you how to become the man you need to be, to win your battles and defeat your enemies, but if deep inside you do not have truthfulness, and the ability to carry courage and faith within yourself, then you can truly never win. So it is told, so it will be. 
  You will not be able to defeat this scourge upon us, if this happens, darkness will swallow the light, and all will be lost for good," said Panthera as he motioned for Mr. Beamer to reinforce his position.
    "Panther is correct again. You have been the victor so far in all of your battles but for this last great struggle between good and evil, you must have the upper hand, and the only way to assure this, is to take you to the Kingdom of Shambhala in the holy city of Tibet, which is found high up in the Himalayan Mountains. 
    "I once crossed the Ingnok Mountains, the dark mountains in the heart of the North Pole, as you have. I am no stranger to this type of travel or harsh terrain. My experience there will surely pay off." 
    "This is true Louis. All of your past adventures were meant to help you on your future journey. Now when you reach the great city you will find friends and shelter. Then you will need to study the ancient texts of the Zhang Zhung culture. In this culture and in this famous city, all who live there are said to be enlightened: the women and men are all beautiful, all dwell in magnificent abodes. 
  You will be welcomed there for they know of your coming. I have sent word in advance. King Kulika who reigns upon the Lion Throne rules this city. He is a benevolent monarch. He has been the ruler since the "Golden Age of Men".   
  Inside of his teachings, you will learn the meaning of the outer, the inner, and the secret meanings of life; only through knowing these things will you be able to conquer your fears in your time of need. For Louis, the evil that you are to fight is growing rapidly as we speak," said Mr. Beamer with a stern look on his face.
    "I have seen the evil grow. Remember Molly, Chug, Sammy, and Harry, they are all under an evil spell as we speak. We must not forget about then," said Louis. 
    "We have not forgotten about them Louis. They will be safe for the time being. We know where they are. I flew over the Saint Louis prison just yesterday and saw that they are well. Keep in mind, that when your task is done, their minds will be free once more and then we shall go to their rescue. It will be our first priority, trust me" said Charlie.
    "Now, we must leave in two days time. Louis please find your dependable bear-skin overcoat that I gave you last year, your trusted walking staff and outer-gear, your backpack and all of the other belongings that you will need for your quest. I as well will pack things that we will need for this long and dangerous trek. And with the help of Junior, and Charlie as our guides and transportation, we will fly towards the Himalayan Mountains; due east soon."
     "I regretfully will not be able to fly with you", said Panthera?"for I am too heavy and awkward to be carried aloft. I would have to go back the way I came overland back through Asia. Since time is of the essence, and by the time, I would make the journey, to the Tibetan plateau and into the Holy City, the eclipse of the moon and your looming epic battle will have already been settled. 
  All I can do now is offer you support, and wish you the best of luck. I have done all I can by bringing you news of Petar. I will stay here in Centerville and stand guard in case any of Petar's dark, ungodly followers decide to throw their evil over your town again. I will not let this happen. I will guard the children: your friends and family Louis" said Panthera in his low growling voice. 
    "Thank you Panthera. I knew we could count on you, and your courage, and you are right, you would not have time to travel that far by land, in time to help our cause. 
  That is why I have spoken the magic incantations and splattered the blood of "Medusa" over our Charlie when he arrived last week. You see the Pegasus's were brought into this world when Peruses killed Medusa in ancient Greece. I happened to have a vile of that blood, and have had it in my possession for thousands of years. I hate to brag about my handy-work, but I just wanted you to know that you do have a bona fide conjurer as well as a ancient Librarian. Santa Claus is not the only wizard in this world."
     "Man oh, man I was wondering what happened to my Charlie. When I saw him in Saint Louis flying overhead, with that morning sun in my eyes, I was not sure what had happened to him, or if it was even him to begin with, but it did occur to me that you were behind it Mr. Beamer."
    "Well now you know Louis, plus I might be called upon again before this is all over, to cast another spell upon Charlie and Junior, our resident Arions, once more. For now their strength and stamina in flight is what we need most, to get us to our destinations in the Far East. That is why I called on them both to change to this bred of horse."
  Junior ruffled his wings, letting out a low whiny to show the strength that lies in his wings.
    "I now call this meeting adjourned. Let us all prepare now for our journey. Pack lightly Louis, as will I. Let your parents know of our plans. Panthera can you go to the parents of the missing children, and let them know of our plans as well because we are all in this together."
    "Yes I will Tut-Ankh-Amon...I mean Mr. Beamer. The meeting is adjourned. Let us all now rest and prepare as Mr. Beamer just said," exclaimed Panthera as he motioned for all to head towards the barn doors. 


  Word spread fast around Centerville about the impending journey once more of the town's resident hero (Louis), and of Mr. Beamer's now ever increasing involvement. 
  Streetlights were kept dim at night, while most of the townsfolk stayed inside their homes for fear of an unwanted visit from Petar, or one of the Missouri Rats. School was suspended for the rest of the year, as all of the children in town went into hiding, inside of their homes. 
  All of the toys in town were destroyed for fear that one of them may have come from Black Jack Tilly and the North Pole last year. The following day a large bonfire fire was lit in the town's main square where all of the evil toys were burned. 
  Louis once again stayed the better part of the next two days in his room reading all could about the great City of Kalapa and the Road to Shambhala", but mostly he read about King Kulika, his future instructor and future master.  
  The other ancients (Doc Wellman, Turk, Mr. Waterwick and Mr. Pennywell) along with the Arions (Mr. Belvedere and Baron Von Beck) all decided with the prodding's of Mr. Beamer, to set up a central meeting place in Mr. Beamer's barn for the town folks, so they would be able to get any updates, and information as it became available. 
  An awful feeling of worry and dread blanketed Centerville. There were so many rumors, un-truths, and speculations spoken under breadth, that everyone became so very troubled. Doc Wellman and the others tried their best to quell the rumors of impending doom and calamity, but could not. 
  Mr. Beamer was not to be bothered or interrupted, he locked himself up in his attic for his remaining days in Centerville, plotting and fine-tuning his plans for Louis, and making plans for their immediate departure. 
  Jeremy and Hattie May had been told of the final plans, and were in complete agreement, and support of Mr. Beamer and Louis. They understood the full gravity of the situation and they would not intervene. Both understood that Louis was a special child and that he truly was, the Chosen One.
   Finally, the day of action and great deeds had arrived. 
  
  The mid-morning sun gave warmth and comfort to all, who had assembled in front of Mr. Beamer's barn, on the large grassy front yard. Louis showed up with two medium saddle-bags packed with some of his books, his flute, his bear-skin coat, some of Black-Elk healing magic, and in his leather carry-all (that he also brought), could be seen the Good Book of Thebes, The Sworn Book.   
  Mr. Beamer as well, had packed two medium-sized saddlebags. What mysteries, spells, and incantations they held, only he knew.
  Food and water was well distributed into two similar sized bags that were to be hung off the sides of the saddles that Turk the Blacksmith, had brought over from his blacksmith shop. The saddles were made of the finest leather, and the quality of their workmanship could not be matched. Turk had them crafted, especially for Junior and Charlie.
  The whole town it seemed had turned out for their morning departure, for the news of their leaving, had spread fast. Centerville was so used to the celebrations, carousing, and merriment associated with Louis's antics that it was almost as if, it was just another day in the life of Louis the Red and Centerville, but all knew that this journey would be like none other than he had been on before. 
  Little Louis knew that he would need all the support he could get from his friends and family on this day, as he arrived at the town's main square, with his mom and dad. After climbing down out of the wagon being pulled by Mr. Belvedere, Louis waived to the crowd, and shouted out words of confidence and defiance.
    "Don't worry everyone. I will be just fine. Mr. Beamer and I will bring back all of our friends, safe and sound. Don't go worrying now about that Squint-Eye Pete...er...Petar. I will box him about the ears. You just watch!"
    "Louis, you off on another famous trek, to save the world, again?" asked Short-Stack.
    "Yeah, you know me. Always with the world saving stuff, you know doing something for the little people."
    "Hey, that's not funny Louis."
    "Oh, no pun intended Short-Stack. I guess I'm just a little nervous, and not thinking just right today."
    "Well good luck anyway, with your future training in Tibet, fighting of that evil Dark Lord, Petar the Black Fire."
    "Well, way to calm my nerves Short-Stack, as if I am not nervous enough as it is."
    "Oh one other thing Louis, I want you to have some of my stinky heat balm; the stuff that Santa gave me last year. You're going to be doing real athletic stuff with flying around on horses, dodging evil and the like. Who knows you might need it to bring you around someday if you faint; you know the smell and all, or just use it to cure an ill or pain. Hey it works for me."
    "Thanks Short-Stack; hopefully I won't need it, but if I do I will sure be thinking of you."
    "Good luck as well," said Tessie as she made her way through the crowd "bring Molly home safe now, OK! Tell her I bought a new shade of lipstick and I want to see her wear it someday." 
    "We'll get Molly home safe, don't you go worrying none Tessie. We'll bring back, Chug, Sammy, and Harry...all back soon enough."
    "We know you can do it Louis," said Growling Harry.
    "Yeah, don't you worry any; they will all be just fine. It won't be more than a few weeks and they'll be free again, and right back here in Centerville. You just wait and see Short-Stack, Harry."
    "Well, that's reassuring to hear Louis. Be safe now," said Tessie.
   Tessie gave Louis a big hug and farewell kiss on the cheek. Short-Stack, Jay, Becky and the rest of Louis's friends as well gave Louis words of encouragement, hearty handshakes, and kisses.
    "The Mayor Mr. Pennywell and his wife Bernice shook Louis's hand farewell. Turk, Mr. Waterwick the Fire Chief, and Doc Wellman came forward grabbing Louis's hand as well; then another hearty handshake. 
  Good luck Louis was heard time and again, by all of Louis's friends and acquaintances.
  Mr. Beamer was now seen entering the square from the far side. He sat in Baron Von Beck's milk wagon, he was smiling largely as he waived to everyone. As the wagon came to a stop in front of Louis and the crowd of well-wishers, Mr. Beamer threw out his saddlebags onto the ground. He then stood up on the buckboard motioning for everyone to be quite down. With another, waive of his hands he began to speak.
    "Now I know a lot of you are very worried about this upcoming quest of ours and of course about the safety of Sammy, Harry, Chug, and Molly. I assure you they are all safe at this time, and we will come to their rescue at the appropriate time. Now as for what you have heard around town, and recently read in the newspaper. 
  Yes, evil has taken a foothold again in this world and it is ever growing. Some of you know of Big Sal Rossi, and her son Squint-Eye Pete and his band of thugs, Black Jack Tilly, Rags Martin, Big-Belly Bill, Flat-Nose and some of their gang; the Missouri Rats. 
  Most what you have read about them in the Centerville Gazette, is true and then some. For what all might not know is that they have now summoned a dark evil from the past. An evil from the Neither World, and they are now in possession of the Evil Book of Aka Manah. I know that you have all felt the earthquakes lately that have shaken our homes and farms. 
  You have seen the thunderbolts come out of clear skies, and felt the presence of evil at the doorsteps to your homes, but I want to assure you that you will all be safe for, me and the other Ancients and Arions that live among you are here to protect and serve you, which is our duty to you."
    "Mr. Beamer as you say, we will protect Centerville and the world, and bring all our friends back safely; we only have one problem though."
    "What is that Louis?"
    "It's a long walk; where might our friends and companions, you know the ones with the wings be?"
    "Look to the skies all of you, for our winged friends are arriving as you speak Louis."
  Looking far above the ground up into the clear blue country skies above Centerville, could be seen two brilliant winged creatures circling high overhead; now starting to descend ever downwards towards the lush green dales, and rolling hills of the pleasant valley. Two soft whinny's were heard as Charlie and Charlie Junior flew ever closer towards Mr. Beamer's barn.
   Louis turned towards Chug and spoke.
    "Charlie is always so theatrical, and over-the-top. Watch this entrance Chug."
    "Well, Louis if I could fly, I would do the same thing".
    "Good point Chug. Let's just enjoy the show."
  Charlie (working the crowd), somersaulted twice, dislodging two feathers from his grand wings in the process, sending them slowly floating towards the grassy field below as Junior followed suite, doing two great summersaults himself in mid-air.
  All below sent out shouts of delight at seeing the, great aerial feats being performed for them. 
  Charlie turned over on his back and glided upside down, in a long slow circular motion towards the ground. Junior flew with great speed underneath Charlie, with his wings tucked close to his sides. This only increased his sped and the difficulty of the maneuver. Junior shot underneath Charlie faster than a lightning bolt travels across a stormy sky, going well over what appeared to be about a hundred miles an hour. This again bought out cries, and shouts from the residents of Centerville.
    "That's your ride there to Shambhala Louis, that's your lightning and thunder!" said Mr. Beamer as he pointed upwards.
    "Well what are we doing here? I can't wait to get going. Seems like Junior has had some flying lessons in the last few days and it appears, from the best teacher in the world Mr. Beamer!"
    "Yes, it seems so."
  Junior circled upwards, then shot back down towards Charlie as his majestic upside down circle concluded with Charlie now flying upright, about fifty yards above Mr. Beamer's barn. The two shimmering white magical horses in unison, reared up, slowing their speed to a crawl; then hovering directly above the crowd for a moment to scan the clearing, all the while looking for a safe place to float in, for their grand landing.
  Just as Charlie and Junior hooves lightly touched on the ground, Louis's outstretched hands caught Charlie's loose feathers.
    "Consider that my gift" said a smiling yet very serious looking Charlie "for one day I want you and Molly to exchange those feathers and wedding vows to each other, one beautiful and enchanting morning on the top of the world, as a new day's sun breaks the silence of the dawn."
  Louis smiled at Charlie.
    "If all goes well on our new quest, there will be a new day on the summer equinox, in a little less than four weeks time. As the sun rises to its highest apex in the Egyptian desert, high over the Valley of the Kings, Louis will be the victor in the battle of good and evil, and of dark and light. 
  The world of light will be ours as it has been, and always should be. The forces of dark evil will once again retreat into the shadows of the night, and far depths of the earth, not to bother us again until the time of renewal comes once again. So it shall be!" said Charlie as he, Mr. Beamer, all the Arions and Ancients present; along with Junior, all in unison slowly shook their heads in a positive confirmation of all that was said. 
  All present gave a moment of silence in regards to the fallen Arions and Ancients, who have been waging this war with darkness throughout the ages.
  Tessie, Jay, Short Stack and the rest of the town's folks could not really understand all that was being said by Charlie, but all in a show of respect for the past fallen now all lowered their heads as well, in a moment of prayer. 
  When Charlie lifted, his head back up with a newfound courage and determination in his face, Short-Stack spoke up.
    "Well please bring our Louis back in one piece, and with red hair, not white, like last time, when he lost his cookies, and was almost scared to death by Nebuka the Terrible, now known as Nebuka the Good. Also Louis I brought something for you that you might need on your trip."
    "What's that Short-Stack?"
    "I bought you my trusted sling-shot. Who knows you might need it someday in the future to fight this evil. Hey it worked for me a few times with scaring off Mitch the Bull dog, when he was going to bite me; just a thought Louis. And again come back safe."
    "Thanks Short-Stack, you're a good friend and like you said who knows, I might just need it someday."
    "I assure you Tessie, Short Stack and all gathered here today. That I will bring Louis back safe and sound, red hair and all, and maybe just maybe, he will be able to finally control that feisty cowl-lick of his, once and for all" wisecracked Mr. Beamer as he smiled at Mrs. Beamer and Hattie May, who were now rubbing Louis on the top of his glowing red hair.
  Louis frowned, his cheeks reddened; then a small smiled appeared on his face.
     "I had that cowl-lick beaten on one occasion last week, just out of the blue so I know it can be done. I am going to show you all that my fears, will be conquered and that darned cowl-lick, will not rise again with my fears or doubts every time, as the tides do with the rising of the moon. Mark my words."
  Hattie May gave Louis a kiss on the top of his head like only a mother could for her only son. Jeremy gave Louis a warm embrace, "Be safe son, and go become the man you were destined to be. We are all counting on you. Make us proud son."
    "I will dad. I will make all of you proud of me. Mr. Beamer I am ready. Let us begin, and let us finish this as soon as we can. For I have another more important quest than this one in the far off future, and that is my quest to start my own family one day and live in peace and happiness with the townsfolk, here in Centerville. 
  I have a date to exchange vows and feathers one magical day on the top of the world with Molly. I don't want to let her down, so let's embark on our journey to Shambhala then onto Egypt, to find those troublemakers," proclaimed Louis as he hugged his mom with open arms.
  Hattie May began to cry. 
  Louis held Charlie's eagle feather across his heart in a show of love. No more words were spoken between them. Louis gave his mom a slight kiss on the cheek, Hattie May returned the gesture with love in her heart for her brave little Louis.
  Mr. Beamer who was wearing a large topcoat (which seemed a little strange considering the mild weather outside) suddenly opened his coat, directly dropping it to the ground below. Now loose from his coats grasped, Mr. Beamer and his fantastical undergarments were now fully exposed to all present.
  Stunning: they were simply stunning, in their magnificent. 
  Mr. Beamer was dressed from head-to-toe in shimmering armor. 
  It was the classical dressage of the Ancients from a time before time. 
  Across his broad, well-defined chest, he wore a beautiful corselet of silver chain mail, laced with precious stones and gems. Three large gold buttons were strewn down the center of the coat of arms. 
  Around his thick arms and legs were well fitted in Persian designed, scale armor. Bronze scales were laced down his extremities, looking like a snake's skin might look. The metal scales were intricately laced, with broad leather bands, tied at the rear. In between each hardened bronze scale was a soft leather tunic, which gave Mr. Beamer the freedom of movement that he might need, during battle. 
  Metal guards covered his sturdy riding boots. He then pulled from his nearby overcoat two silvery, riding gloves that would come in handy in the cool upper stratosphere of the skies above. 
  He threw a pair of like-kind riding gloves to Louis.
  Louis looked over at the new Mr. Beamer, with newfound respect in his heart.
    "Well look at you Mr. Beamer!" called out Louis as he caught the gloves with his left hand.
    "And Louis for you, I cannot let you meet King Kulika, your future instructor and future spiritual master in the enchanted City of Kalapa, wearing your old bear skin fur coat, and old traveling clothes from the North Pole. You must be redressed like the future warrior, and king that you will become."
  Mr. Beamer advanced towards the back of Baron Von Beck's milk wagon; appearing again a few moments later with a medium-sized box. He placed it on the ground in front of Louis and spoke again.
    "Louis I was up in my attic and found some clothes of your ancestors. I believe they will fit you to a tee. Please will you open the box and accept your, newborn you?"
  Louis's eyes lit up. 
  His pulse slightly quickened, the corner of his lips twisted upwards. 
  A grand smile was seen across his face. 
  Mr. Beamer had given the courageous Louis, similar clothing in: style, design, comfort, and grandeur as his. Silver chain mail for a coat; elegantly designed, laced with beautiful stones and gems, of all the colors of the rainbow. Leather straps were entwined into small leather tunica, for the arms and legs; again in the same style and design of Mr. Beamer's. 
  Found at the very bottom of the box was a silver helmet that was perfectly crafted and held on its surface and etched about its face, the pictures of the great pyramids of Egypt and the illustrious Sphinx. 
  Louis was awe-stuck. 
  He accepted the gift with great thanks; giving a hearty handshake and warm hug, to Mr. Beamer. Mr. Beamer retreated again to The Baron's wagon, one last time. He now produced a long shafted spear with a copper tip, a medium-sized copper shield, and a longbow with a quiver of silver arrows. 
    "A Child-King and warrior must be dressed like a king, and be ready for battle. Come, what may Louis we will not look backwards. Attack is valor; retreat is cowardice. A coward is he, who is driven from his lands. Attack him; he will turn his back. Retreat, he will start attacking. These are the ways of the forces of evil. They respect nothing. They are wretched and craven-hearted. 
    "Evil will be defeated Mr. Beamer...er...Tut-ankh-Amon. Together, we will defeat this dark force."
  Tut Amon mounted Charlie with one quick leap upwards landing squarely on the center of Charlie's back, rustling a few white feathers in the process. 
  Louis placed all his gifts back into the box, then directly moving to the back of The Baron's wagon. After a quick change of clothes, Louis reappeared in his full regal attire. Louis looked resplendent, and very kingly all dressed up with bow and quiver and shield, strung across his back, and the Staff of Thebans, held in his left hand. He placed his silvery helmet upon his head (which was a little large for him), which slightly covered his blue eyes. After a quick adjustment, he was complete and full of pride, in demeanor and state of mind. 
  The Child-King was born.
  Louis gave Hattie May, and his dad one last hug, shook Short-Stack's hand, and glanced about Mr. Beamer's yard at everyone's smiling faces. He slowly walked over to Panthera, giving him a long heartfelt look. 
    "Take care of everyone for me Panthera. I will return before the end of the month with good news, be assured of that."
    "I will Louis. I will. Take care of yourself, Junior, Charlie, and Tut Amon."
  Muncy came, flying through the crowd at the last moment, jumping into Louis's open arms.   
    "I know I keep going off Muncy, and leaving you my best friend. One day though I am going take you for a long trip, with no one else around, and we will just knock around all day, like we use to when you were younger, and before all this evil stuff started to happen. Would you like that Muncy, would you?" asked Louis as his heart was breaking again, knowing that he was going off, to leave all of his friends and family and especially his Muncy.
  Muncy ever the humble and reliable friend just smiled the best he could. He nodded his head up and down then gave Louis a sloppy lick across his face. This brought smiles to everybody's faces.
  Louis stood up, wiped his face with his sleeve, then placed Junior's leather reins into his left hand, took two large steps forward, leaping upwards onto Junior's back.  
    "Good bye everyone!" said Louis.
    "Yes good bye all and we will return soon. You shall all know if we were successful in our quest; for on the summer equinox, darkness or light will engulf and encircle the world. Nary the twain, shall meet. 
    "Bye Louis, take care!" called out Tessie.
    "Yeah bye Louis, be brave and may luck be with you!" yelled out Mr. Waterwick.
    "I love you Lewey, be sure to brush your teeth regularly" said Hattie May "and the vegetable patch will need to be cleared of those weeds, when you get back, and the fences, will still need to be mended and..."
    "Don't worry mom, I will get all those chores done when I come back."
  Junior and Charlie lifted off the ground, with a minimum of effort. Their enormous wings began to flutter and flap sending the air below their wings into a wild frenzy. The grasses and leaves on the ground began to swirl about below them, and outward. 
  Charlie let out another great whinny as Tut Amon shouted out commands, the higher and higher they climbed.
    "Towards the east Charlie, light shall rule the darkness and we shall vanquish our enemies as before, for it is written in the Good Book of Honorius of Thebes.  
    "Remember you were born for this," shouted out Jeremy "you are my son and this is your destiny. Remember your ancestors Louis, they are all famous and brave like you are."
    "I won't forget dad. Just believe in me, I will be able to do this.
  The sun shone brightly up in the heavens, the skies appeared to be bluer this day, and not a cloud was to be seen, on such a superb day as this. The valleys of Centerville never looked greener, and the cornfields more delightful to gaze upon that surrounded the clearing around Mr. Beamer's barn. The air was perfumed with the smells of summertime in Indiana.
  All were nervous and worried though, because a great undertaking to save all of Mankind from destruction, and keep the Under World at bay had begun. One last great battle between good and evil would shortly take place, at the place were all civilization was created so long ago. In the Valley of the Kings under the watchful eyes of: The Pyramid of Giza, The Pyramid of Khufu, and The Pyramid of Khafre that sits directly across from the Great Sphinx.    
~Chapter 15~
Meet Elwood Booker

  Hot summertime winds rustled underneath Junior's long, luxurious outstretched feathered wings at they fluttered in time, with each downwards and upwards stroke. The hot winds made a soft swooshing sound that was a pure wonderment to Louis's ears. 
  A powerful stroke here, then a long glide through a thick fluffy cloud, out the other side, and back into the bright daylight; now banking gently to the left, as another gust of life giving air, catches the underside of Junior's wings.
  It was pure magic.
    "Can you feel it Mr. Beamer?"
    "Feel what Louis?"
    "The renewed feeling in your soul, were flying, were soaring, it's all so unreal Mr. Beamer!"
     "Yes I feel it Louis, it is wonderful and magical, an experience given to us courtesy of Charlie and Junior."
    "Relax and enjoy the experience Louis, for you are, our master. 
  Arion, Ancient and Master are reunited for a common cause. This is your life; enjoy it as it comes to you Louis" stated Charlie.
  Charlie nodded to Junior. Junior was off again, lost in the joy of flight. Diving to the left with wings tucked into his sides; Louis instinctively nestled into and directly behind Junior's feathery neck. He knees were folded together tightly, elbows inward, his head in a lowered forward position, to cut wind drag. 
  Louis's red hair shone brightly, in the clear sunshine, the chain mail coat and slivery armament backscattered, and bent the light beams into the color of the rainbow. Louis was a colorful spectacle bolting downwards at unmatched speeds, spiraling and spinning in delight inside of Junior's newfound flying skills. Louis lit up the noontime skies like a lightning bolt during a thunderstorm. 
  Louis shouted out at the top of his lungs.
    "I'm a free bird! I'm the conqueror of the skies, they belong to me!"
  Louis gave a hard tug on the leather reins, nudging the bit tighter in Junior's mouth, this gently pulled Junior's head backwards, he instinctively reared back, sending his wings outwards with the tips of the feathers, pulling from the bottom in a upwards motion. This slowed his speed, sending him gliding upwards. Louis held on tightly as his other hand pulled on the left rein with authority. Junior spiraled twice to the left, sending Louis and himself upside down.
    Louis, once more sent out shouts of glee.
    "It's a miracle Junior, its pure heaven!"
    "I know Louis, I am enjoying myself as well, but we must be getting back to Charlie before we lose ourselves in the moment, and lose our way."
    "You're right, Junior keep me in check. You must not forget that I am still young, fun, and full of energy and my thoughtlessness will sometimes, still get me in trouble."
    "I am young as well, don't forget Louis. Charlie somehow watches out for me when I am not around, just as he does you. I think he is telepathic in some way and he is telling me right now, to rise up back into the upper stratosphere, and fly by his side again. I must not disobey his commands."
    "Then fly upwards, with determination in your heart."
  A slight tug on the reins once more and Junior ceased the playfulness and joy of simple flight. He now took towards an upwards draft, that his nose had just sensed. The hot gust of air shot him upwards again with great speed and accuracy, to not more than a mile away from Charlie, who was keeping a straight line towards the eastern horizon.
  Mr. Beamer was comfortably perched upon Charlie's back; searching the far-off and distant lands stretched out in front of them, for as far as the eye could see. Junior tipped his wings again to the left sending Louis and him gliding ever so softly, in next to Charlie's position.
    "Did you have a nice flight Louis?"
    "Oh you know I did Charlie. Could you not hear me screaming?"
    "Yes I could Louis. When I was first turned into a Pegasus, around the age that Junior is now, I as well shouted out within my new freedom."
    "You were a Pegasus and could fly before?"
    "Sure I did Louis. I have been from what I can remember a Pegasus three times over, over the course of my lifetime. I have been called on several times, by many magicians and wizards to take this form in the past, just as I have been called upon this time by Mr. Beamer."
    "Well, who would have thought that to be true? I learn, more and more about you everyday Charlie. You are a true wonderment to me."
    "Charlie is a real wonderment to me as well Louis, but we have real work to do now," said Mr. Beamer as he pulled the golden Compass of Nubia from one of his saddlebags. The compass shone brightly in the sunlight; sending a golden glow outwards in front of Mr. Beamer's eyes. He studied the compass with great consternation in his eyes then spoke out.
    "We are flying on a direct easterly course, and have since leaving Indiana, and are now right where we should be. If you look below us you can see Columbus Ohio, down below and to your right side, you can see Lancaster, and up ahead of that Zanesville. See the beautiful hills and dales. It is truly a beautiful country that we live in."
    "You're sure right Mr. Beamer, it is beautiful."
    "We will stay on this eastern track towards Harrisburg and Trenton then head sharply northward towards the eastern seaboard of these lands. We will have to rest Charlie and Junior sometime during the day though."
    "We are both fine for now Mr. Beamer. You forget we were re-born or re-birthed for this task. We are Pegasus's; this is our calling. We are strong in our resolve. Before nightfall we can rest. We can relax for the night in a little town called Scranton on the outskirts of New York this first day. I know a farmer there who has harbored me in the past. He will give us all safe lodging, clean water, and hot food to eat this evening. His name is Elwood Booker, "The Farmer" said Charlie.     
    "That is the destination for the evening" called back Mr. Beamer "we have at least another four days of travel before we reach the mystical kingdom of "Kalapa" hidden beyond the snowy peaks of the Himalaya Mountains above Tibet.
  Mr. Beamer pulled on the reins in Charlie's mouth, commanding Charlie to rise into the upper-stratosphere even higher. The air would be thinner and calmer higher up. Junior followed Charlie's lead. The green valley's and low-lying hills drifted away from view. 
  Louis pulled a cloth scarf up tighter around his neck to ward off the chill in the air this high up, as Junior glided gently forward with each downwards stroke of his wings. 
  The hours passed as Louis gazed upon the horizon in amazement.
  The colors of the earth in all her brilliance was still ever the sight to see. Deep blue's in the sky, the orange and yellow umbra encircling the sun, and the whites in the gently drifting clouds, were astonishing to gaze upon, soaring in and out of small cloudbursts, and gently wrestling with a weak southerly jet stream at the higher climbs. 
  The hours of effortless flight passed quickly. 
  Town and cities small and large came into view, and then were quickly lost from sight. Louis drank freely from a satchel of well water stung around his neck. He snacked on dried venison, and a few flour biscuits that Hattie May had given him before he left on his journey that morning.  
  As the waning sun started to grow fainter on the horizon, Charlie spotted a lush green valley in Lucerne County in the near distance on his left side. As the last of the sun disappeared from view, Charlie led the way, slowly gliding lower and lower, into Sweetvalley and closer to the farmhouse, of Elwood Booker.
  Junior pulled up his wings, then a few quick flutters and a little concentration, and all were quiet and safe once again on the ground; it was a perfect landing. Charlie seeing Junior safely land on the ground followed suit, landing next to him, effortlessly.  
  The farmhouse was quite. 
  There was a large barn on one side of the farm surrounded by a white picket fence and a few horse corals. On the other side of the barn were rows of plowed fields; looking very much like Mr. Beamer's farmhouse. On the main farmhouse, a lone patio light and two front kitchen lights were glowing, in the still of the dark. 
  With Charlie's prodding's, Louis dismounted Junior, and advanced towards the front door, giving it a gentle knock. After a brief moment, the door swung open and out walked a tall thin man. He looked to be: an unassuming gentleman standing about six-foot three inches tall, had a pair of pale blue coveralls on; had graying hair and a lean face. He still looked youthful through his nicely trimmed gray beard. His eyes were honest.
  Louis stood about five-feet back off the porch dressed in his kingly armor with bow and quiver, and sliver shield, still strung across his back, with his chain mail slung over his narrow chest. 
  Louis gave a disarming smile as Elwood gave him an astonished, yet kind glance. Elwood then looked over Louis's shoulder spotting Charlie, Junior and Mr. Beamer out by the barn. He could hear their breathing.
    "And you are?"
    "I am Louis Robert Parks, the soon to be savior of the world."
    "It's nice to make your acquaintance Mr. Parks."
    "It's nice to make your acquaintance as well, Mister Booker."
  Elwood looked over Louis's shoulder towards his barn then spoke.
    "Charlie you've changed since the last time you were in my presence."
    "So I have, just as the times are now changing."
    "Were you not a Unicorn last time, sporting a long white Billy goat beard, a flowing lion's tail, with cloven hooves and a golden horn on your forehead?"
    "Yes, you may be graying, and older since the last time we met, but your memory has not faded nor your wit. I was all that you just said."   
  Louis turned to look at Charlie, shaking his head again in admiration.
    "Charlie I can't seem to keep track of your past. One day you're a Pegasus, one day a Clydesdale, then a spirited Painted Pony, a common Carthorse, and so on and so on. Are you going to turn into a Unicorn again before this is all over?" asked a bewildered Louis a foretelling question.
    "Louis Arions are like Chameleon lizards, changing colors on a whim, or like a cocooned butterfly waiting to burst forth from her humble abode and hiding place, to greet a new life. We are able to change physical forms to fit your needs; for you are, my Master."
  Elwood looked downwards, grasped Louis by the hand, giving him a hearty handshake and a warm hello. Louis gave a hearty handshake in kind.
    "My other names are The Chosen One and Ra-Atum-Khepri as some around here lately have been calling me." 
    "I knew I would meet you someday. Charlie once told me there would be a new Child-King born upon the earth again. That day appears to have arrived."
    "Yes it has..."
  Both walked towards the barn. 
    "And this must be Tut-ankh-Amon, or better known as, Mr. Beamer."
    "Yes that is true, that was my name once long ago. What is your title and true name?" asked Mr. Beamer as he firmly shook Elwood's hand.
    "Yes I have heard of you Mr. Beamer I mean Tut-ankh-Amon. You are the Librarian and The Keeper of the olden ways. You are an Ancient. Now as for my name...let me see...it was so long ago as well...but yes...ah...now I, remember. It was Horus the Elder...yes...it has been...so...very long..." 
    "Then you are just the person we need to see. Charlie has even secrets that I do not know about. We must talk later but as for now, can we stay in your barn this night and rest our weary bones. 
  We have been in flight for the better part of eight hours. Charlie and Junior are worn out, and to tell you the truth, my hind side is very sore. I am a little old for all this flying. It is going to take a while to get use to it."
    "Yes Tut-ankh-Amon, you can stay. I will have my wife bring you and the Chosen One a home-cooked meal, and for Charlie and his son Junior there is plenty of hay, apples, and fresh water in the barn. I will return in a moment." 
  Elwood disappeared back into his farmhouse, the door quickly closing behind him.
    "Charlie we must seek advice from Horus, for I now know who he is, as you..."
    "Yes Tut, there is a reason we are here. For I know many things of the ancient world, just as you do. Remember I walked the face of the earth in those days as well. In those early days, I was once called The Deliverer," said Charlie. 
    "Yes some of your old feats are now coming back to me. Did you not defeat the fire-breathing beast Chimera, with the help of Bellerophon, so very long ago in ancient Egypt?" asked Mr. Beamer.
    "So you do remember. My olden name was Pegasi."
    "Things are coming back to me little by little, but yes that was one of your olden names."
    "Well we can discuss this at a later time. We must seek cover and take to the warmth of the barn, and the generosity of our host. Your dinner will be here shortly then we all must talk. There is much to learn from our humble friend tonight. I assure you he will know the scope of our quest, and have answers for us, that we could not find by ourselves."
    "You are right again Charlie" said Mr. Beamer as all headed for the two open doors of the barn.
  Louis shook his head in doubt once again, after listening to Charlie and Mr. Beamer's conversation.  
    Elwood returned shortly from the main farmhouse, arms full of two plates of leftovers from their earlier dinner; Charlie and Junior found a few baskets of apples to eat, hay was plentiful. All ate and drank their fill as Elwood said a few more hellos, as all were formally introduced once again. 
  The night was still early and there was much to discuss, for Elwood had felt the earlier biting wind, and experienced the ground shake with anger as well. After an hour of lighthearted conversation while sitting on a few hay bales, Mr. Beamer finally spoke up about their quest, and their immediate future.
    "Horus that is a name from my past, I remember some but can you fill in the blanks, for I know that Elwood Booker must be the identity that you have taken in your new life here in this quaint town."
    "Yes we are all so much older now. Two-thousand five hundred, and some odd years on the back side of that figure should be about right, so I can see your memory has faded with time. For I am Horus the Elder the olden sky god. I am the son of Geb, and Nut, and the brother of Osirus. 
  Set's was my twin brother; we once formed the true Light and Dark and I use to have quite a different roll in the world. My left eye was the moon, and my right eye was the sun. I once got in a terrible fight with my brother Set; Set gouged out my left eye; it became the evil Eye of Horus, which has now fallen into the hands of Petar Deegan Aden better known today as Squint-Eye Pete. 
  When that happened, the moon then became the dominion of the god Thoth. Under his command is Hathor the Moon Rider. Then my right eye came into the possession of Isis through another great battle; that eye now belongs to Kauket, the Queen of Primordial Darkness or as she is now known, "Big Sal Rossi". 
  Charlie spoke.
    "Yes I now remember it all so well, that is why we have come to visit you tonight. I know you have felt the violent ground shaking the last few weeks, and the biting winds of Hathor as she prepares to take to flight again, riding the face of the moon to her next meeting with good, and evil in the Valley of the Kings during the next summer equinox."
    "I have felt the evil shaking, and the evil winds of change. It will be as it once was. The battle lines have been reformed, and you are now here for my advice. Is this correct?"
    "Yes we seek your council," said Charlie with a new now very serious look of worry across his face.
    "But what you don't know Horus the Elder, is that the two evil eyes have now joined, and their dark powers are growing as we speak, and that the book of Aka Manah has been opened once again, the olden book of evil" interjected Mr. Beamer as he as well, had a look of concern and trouble on his face.
    "I did not know that that the two eyes had conjoined. It makes since that someone would one day seek out the combined powers of the two evil eyes. Who holds these powers as we speak?" 
    "Elwood that would be Petar Deegan the Black Fire he is in possession of those eyes, or Peter the Terrible as he has been called before. Louis here had the misfortune to have experienced the evil Eye of Horus on an epic journey to the North Pole last year. He lived to tell the story, which no child ever has, that is one reason that he must be the Chosen One, it was fate." exclaimed Charlie.
    "So you are heading east then back to the cradle of civilization, and back into the den of Mehan the Serpent King to be done what was done once before, and the Chosen One will face the wrath of Mehan?"
    "Yes that is correct," said Mr. Beamer as he turned to face Louis again, to give him support "yes he will do our biding, and wage the "Battle for the Ages" once more. 
  You see his two friends are now directly involved, as we all are; they are in the captivity right now of Petar. So you see he has a stake in this deeper than any of us do so far. If the darkness prevails we could all still survive but these two small children, and the minds of all the children in the world is now at stake. I will not go into all of that right now, because I know you understand all that I say."
    "Can you help us Horus?" asked Charlie.
    "Yes can you help us? I know as Tut does now, that when both of your eyes were stolen, this sent your world into darkness for all these years. Not being able to see light must be hard on you; blindness has its hardships."
  Louis turned to look once again at Horus the Elder, only now realizing that his world is devoid of light. 
  Sadness overtook him.
    "Yes the darkness has not been kind to me, for I miss the true beauty of the light and the world it illuminates. It has been so long since I have seen beauty but beauty and friendships can be found in darkness, if you know where to look." 
  Horus turned his blind gaze towards Louis, and nodded his head. Louis did not understand the implications of this at that moment. His youth undermined his knowing.
    "Well then I will bring light back into your world. I can do this, for I am the Chosen One. I am heading with my three friends here, to Shambhala to gain the final wisdom I will need to conquer this growing evil. I have already felt the anger of Petar, sat upon the Tree of Knowledge, taken the life of Growlar the Ancient Cave Bear, experienced the horror of "Nebuka the Terrible" and defeated Petar once, so I know I can do it again. 
  If this is the last thing I do on this earth, I will defeat this scourge forthcoming to our world, then I promise you; I will bring light back into your world, and bring you the two evil eyes" proclaimed Louis who was now in a heightened state of excitement.   
    "When my two eyes were stolen from me by thieves and cowards in the night, and upon waking in darkness for eternity, I finally gathered my wits and emotions about me. Then I cast a wicked spell on both eyes, using the evil book of Aka Manah. This evil spell was transferred, to the unlawful wearers and unnatural owners, turning them into, two evil eyes. 
  Then this evil grew more than I could have imagined throughout the years. They are now more valuable than ever, especially to Hathor the Moon Goddess, the ruler of light and Mehan the Serpent, the ruler of the "Neither World", the ruler of darkness. The only thing more valuable in the world than the possession of the two evil eyes to Hathor is Mehen's Golden Heart and the only thing more valuable to Mehen is Hathor's Golden Crown that she wears around her head, so you see there lays, the crux of this upcoming fight between good and evil. 
    "Yes some of this I understood already, for we are the holders of the Good Book of Thebes the Sworn Book. We have been reading from this book to help us in our quest. We have the Staff of Thebans, the Magic Bell of Amun-Ra that is in Louis's possession (worn around his neck), we hold the mystical Compass of Nubia, the Silver Shield of Heracles, and we are the holders of the Bow and Quiver of Ra, the Sun God. We were going to bring with us the Looking Glass of Amun but it was shattered to pieces in a recent accident. 
  We, Charlie and I, thought that if we offered these gifts equally divided to both Hathor and Mehen, then they would cease to fight and go back into their respective slumber for the next three-thousand years, until the next Precession of the Equinoxes. Then we would deal with this constant evil again in the future as has been in the past" said Mr. Beamer.
    "Although your thinking is to be commended, it most likely will not work. It might, do not get me wrong. It has never been tried before, but the idea is worthy of thought and contemplation, but I feel you do not have time for this right now. Actions speak louder than words, and actions are what are needed now, now that the two eyes of evil have co-joined. 
  Petar being the holder of the two eyes will head towards the Valley of the Kings. On the day of the Precession of the Equinoxes he will raise, command, and then ride Mehen the Serpent King out of his dark lair, and by using the Eye of Wedjat and the Eye of Horus he will defeat Hathor this time for good, sending the world into a state of twilight for the rest of time itself. It is called The Blue Hour where neither, there will be light nor darkness. Light will be blocked out, from the sun by the full moon for all of eternity and beyond," said Elwood.
    "If this plan won't work, and all things you say are true, then I must go to Shambhala and receive the sacred training I will need from King Kulika. I must learn the ways of The Enlightened Ones. Because this is the only way to truly defeat these two gods," proclaimed Louis as he sat on nearby hay bale, wiping the sweat off his brow.
    "All that Elwood Booker said is true. I can now see that. My calculations and my dreams of a peaceful ending to this are amiss. Louis must continue on to Shambhala and complete his training. He will need to read more from the Sworn Book said Mr. Beamer "only then will we have a chance to stop the shifting of the earth's axis and eternal gloom in the skies above and growing on the ground below. Hopefully the earth will not swallow us whole before we reach the Valley of the Kings, and the ground will not open to swallow our friends, with the shifting of the two poles."
    "How much time do we really have Mr. Beamer?"
    "I am not sure Louis, it all depends on time it's self, and how much we can learn between now and the equinox."
  Elwood spoke out.
    "I believe this, to be the answer to all of your questions. Louis, after your training is complete in Shambhala, and you have read all you can from the Good Book you must continued on to Egypt, and to the great pyramids that lay there, you would climb to the top of the Great Pyramid of Giza, also called the Pyramid of Khufu. Upon reaching the top during the start of the full eclipse of the moon, Hathor the Goddess of the Moon will be ready to ride her full moon across the western skies as it passes in front of the sun. For Hathor is the Solar Deity, Hathor is the Mistress of Eclipses. She will spit fiery poison like a cobra, and may even devour all before her like a ravenous lioness. It will all depend on her mood and the tidings you bring her. You may, as I said before have a chance to bribe her." 
    "I will be strong and brave Mr. Beamer. Don't any of you worry about me."
    "As all this is going on Petar will climb up, or already be upon the Great Pyramid of Khafre which is directly across from the Great Sphinx, Mehen the Serpent will have raised, from his Neither World grave. 
  It will be your job and your calling to have Hathor continue on her path across the sun and not tarry about. You must convince her to continue on her way. You must win over her, trick her, or use whatever means you have at your disposal, to make her keep her destiny with time and space, and continue on her arc across the sky. 
  For Petar will be wielding the evil eyes of Wedjat and Horus, this is a formidable force that will be working against you. Upon the calling and rise of Mehen the Serpent, they will both try to coax her to stay. They will promise her diamonds, gold, and wealth beyond our imaginations. Mehan the Cobra Serpent will be: a trickster no doubt, a charlatan and a swindler of epic proportions. 
  You Louis will have to find away to stop all of this, or Hathor will not continue on her journey, and the darkness of the moon across the western skies will forever rest on the apex of darkness and evil. 
  The world as we know it will be cast into an eerie unnatural or supernatural darkness for the rest of time it's self. It will be sinister and ghost-like, and frightening beyond our fathom. The good inside of man will wither and die in the darkness, starting with our children, your friends Louis. Sammy, Chug, Harry, and especially your Molly will be the first to feel Mehen's rage. Louis you must stop this" said Elwood as he stared straight into Louis's cobalt blue eyes.
  Louis looked about the barn at the worried faces of his friends; faint-hearted smiles were only seen. 
  Louis could feel the courage sinking in their hearts as they looked to him for   answers and strength.    
    "That's all I have to do? Fight two battling dark-lords who will be wagering against us, with our fate in their hands. That sounds so easy Mr. Beamer. Heck, why didn't you tell me earlier, so I wouldn't worry anymore about this whole thing. When I read the Sworn Book, it didn't say much of anything about this; but I will do what I can. Being twelve years old and wizened beyond my years is a good thing, heck I feel grown-up right now. If being "The Savior" or the Chosen One is my calling then I must do what I must, have no fear for I will rise to the occasion."
    "I am glad you are no stranger to danger Louis, and have accepted and resided to accept your fate. Remember you are Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri, the reincarnation of the Sun God". You are the giver of light, and must have complete faith in your abilities, and with your new teachings at the hands of the masters of Tibet, you will thwart this devilry."
    "Don't you go worrying Tut, you can have, full faith in me, and in fact all of you can. I will not let any of you down. Now let's get packing and leave within the next daybreak. I am sure glad we cleared this up," said Louis and he turned towards the barn doors. 
  Louis took a deep breath to calm his beating heart, grew a little darker shade of red in his face, then ran his hand up across the top of his head, to feel his again, ever growing appendage: his world famous red cowl-lick. 
  He then turned back to face everyone present, directly fainting, right in place. 
  Poor little Louis, fell face first onto a nearby clump of dry hay, with all the worries of the world squarely placed on his slender shoulders. A soft thud was heard. 
    "I guess I should have broken the bad news to him a little more gingerly," said Tut with a wry and cynical smile. 
    "Do you think?" asked Elwood as he walked over to Louis, picking him up with his two hands, while desperately trying to revive him. 
  Louis slowly stirred. 
  He methodically opened his eyes as if he had been sleeping for a hundred years, blinked twice and asked, "Is this all true, am I really being held in the arms of an ancient reincarnated sun god in the form of an old farmer? Am I also looking at a Pegasus horses who are my best friend? Being given battle lessons to fight two ancient serpents, by a man who claims to have lived three-thousand years, who also claims to be a ancient librarian/ and mystic and calls himself, Tut-ankh-Amon, and lastly, am I really looking over at two winged horses who are taking me on a grand quest to Egypt? Or am I just having my usual daydreams and visions of grandeur again?" How big did that bump on my head get when that baseball hit me a few years back? Is this all a dream? Are you all real?" 
  Louis looked around the barn once more in astonishment then quipped, "I guess it's...it's...all?true." 
  Louis directly fainted once more, into the arms of Mr. Elwood Booker.




















~Chapter 16~
Harpeia "The Snatcher"

    "Do you think Louis will be Ok this morning," asked Mr. Beamer as he drank another cup of sweet tea, offered by Elwood "he sure took things a little rough last night. I think he finally realizes the size of the feat at hand, and grand task that lies before him." 
    "Yes Louis, will be fine. He has great courage in his heart. I can see it in his eyes. All he needs, as you said before, is the teachings of King Kulika in Shambhala. He truly will know how to place the last piece of courage into little Louis's heart, that he will need to complete his quest" said Elwood as he offered Mr. Beamer a plate of scrambled eggs and bacon. 
  Louis awoke after a restless night's sleep. Wiping the sleep out of his eyes, he turned towards Charlie who was standing guard close by.
    "Louis, my good friend; you look a little haggard this morning. I watched you trying to sleep last night, realizing that I could not help you with your troubles."
    "Good morning Charlie, you're right, only I can work my own troubles out. I just wish, sometimes life was easier. Why is it always me?"
    "Well you just can't think that way Louis, if you go through life always thinking that only bad things will happen to you then you know what, only bad things will happen to you. It is called a self-full-filling prophesy Louis. Do you know what that is?"
     "Not really Charlie."
     "It means if you think it, then it most likely will come true, but in a negative way, with your current thinking. If you have a positive attitude and think clearly, when clear thinking is what you need most. You have to clear your mind then make the best decision you can and stay with it, no matter what. Do you get what I am saying Louis?"
     "Yes sort of...it's called a what...a self-full-filling...what...?"
     "Louis we are taking you to Shambhala in high Tibet, to the city of Kapula. There you will learn the ability to have higher thought, to think on a level that only one of your stature, and place in life will be able to do. Just as, all great leaders of men and beast must do. You have to be well-schooled, and this is just the place to do it."
    "Ok Charlie if you say so. Let's complete my training in Kapula, and then get me to, where did you say I have to go, to the Valley of the Kings?" 
    "Yes Louis we will fly today, and for the next few days towards Greenland, turn eastwards down toward Iceland, then into a plateau region in Asia, and on into the Himalaya Mountains. There we will find Kapula and King Kulika."
  Mr. Beamer swung open the two large doors of the rickety old barn with one hand, while holding a plate of scrambled eggs and bacon in the other.
    "Good morning Louis. I hope you are well. We have a big day planned for we are to make it to Greenland today, if the weather is fair, and our two winged guides are feeling strong. Here I brought you a plate of comfort this morning; bacon and eggs, and I have a sweet roll in my pocket that I am sure you will enjoy for dessert."
    "Thanks Mr. Beamer, I am a little hungry, and a sweet roll does sound good. Charlie and I were just talking about our travel plans today, and I'm about as ready as can be."
    "Good eat your breakfast. I will pack up our things then get Junior and Charlie all ready for our flight today."
  Louis devoured his food without, hardly taking a breath of air. He had a, new resolve and desire in his heart this morning after talking with Charlie, now knowing that he will not have to face his demons and worse, his fears by himself. He would get help from a Master of the Spiritual World and find his enlightenment in the most beautiful and magical city on earth.
  Charlie and Junior had slept well; both were well rested for today's long journey. With Mr. Beamer using the Compass of Nubia as his guide, he would ride the highest northern jet stream up over the eastern seaboard of the United States over Baffin Island then a nights rest at Nuuk on Greenland. 
  With Junior and Charlie packed up and saddled, and Louis and Mr. Beamer readied in their riding gear, Mr. Elwood Booker sensed out of his front kitchen window that his new friends were about to take to the skies once more. 
    "Well good luck to you Ozymandias the Chosen One. Take King Kulika's teachings to heart, for he is wise beyond his years, but remember in the end. If you are at your wits end, and your demise is truly at hand, then you will have to rely on your own self-teachings, and the feelings that lie in your own head, and heart to guide you, to make the correct decisions. Just as we all must really do. You will succeed; I feel it in my own heart."
    "Thank you for your kind words Horus the Elder the God of Moon and Sun...I will as I proudly proclaimed before, bring you back your sight. The two sacred eyes that once belonged to you will be returned, to their rightful owner, I assure you that."
    "Well no pun intended but we will have to see...we will have to see..." said Elwood.
  All laughed aloud heartily.
  As Louis strapped the last of his chain mail on, and adjusted his bow and quiver across his back, he mounted a willing Junior. Mr. Beamer mounted Charlie, and upon getting comfortable in his saddle, he leaned forward shaking Elwood's hand, then both said short goodbyes.  
  The wind was brisk and rustled the nearby pine trees. The skies were clear and clean, and perfect for a morning flight above the countryside. Mr. Beamer pulled lightly on Charlie's reins once more then shouted out a force-full command into the morning air. 
  Charlie expanded his enormous white wings, giving a mighty, downwards thrust, which lifted them both off the ground in a flurry of activity. Dried leaves rustled about the ground in a wild dance with the earth. Junior with the prodding of Louis in his saddle, both in turn took to flight, lifting to about twenty feet off the ground. 
  Both horses pivoted, spinning towards the east. With another, two upward stokes of their outstretched wings they lifted higher and higher away from the comfort and generosity of Horus the Elder. 
  Flying up the eastern seaboard, and seeing the picturesque coastline far below brought smiles to Louis's face. He had never seen the jagged coastline before of the eastern United States. 
  Large rock outcroppings and wild ocean waters crashing against the unforgiving coastline, small towns and large cities were seen under Charlie's hoofs. Seabirds flew by; clean ocean breezes filled their senses. The ocean was alive and revitalized, so was Louis. Louis could feel the brisk energy of the waters below, as only the ocean is known to do to oneself. 
    "Can we fly lower Charlie to get a better look at the blue waters?
    "No Louis, we are under pressure to make good time. We must reach Greenland or Iceland by tonight, which is over three thousand miles away by my calculations."
  Mr. Beamer reached into his top pocket, finding the Compass of Nubia once again.
  He spoke.
    "He is right Louis. By my calculations, we are about three thousand five hundred miles out until we can land once again, and rest for the night. The Compass of Nubia is never wrong; she is guided by the stars, the sun, and the moon." 
    "Where is Nubia? I have never heard of it Mr. Beamer, and can you tell me more about the Compass of Nubia?"
    "Nubia endured from 800 BC to about 320 BC. It was known as the Kingdom of Kush. It lays in Egypt. The Nubians ruled over all of Nubia as well as Upper and Lower Egypt during this time. This magical compass guided the builders of the great pyramids Nubia. 
  It helped in the placement and direction for each stone, for the great builders. Over two-hundred and twenty pyramids were built there, with its guidance. These pyramids are the underground graves of the Nubians, which were richly decorated.   
  The mummified and stately kings and beautiful queens were laid upon beds of Golden Fleece. This was done so that the pharos, and dead monarchs, would not have to work in the afterlife. Their tombs were filled with all manner of magical tidings that would come to life when summoned by the gods. That is why this compass, is so valuable to Petar and Hathor the Moon God. With its magic they can summon this magic back into the earth."
    "Well that is quite some story as all your stories are Mr. Beamer. I can see why it is so valuable now."
    "So are all the things you and I both carry; just as you value the slingshot that Short-Stack gave you before we left, or the heat balm, or the Heavens Heart healing magic that Black Elk gave you in the Boreal Forest. And I gave you the bow and quiver of Alexander the Great."
    "Can you tell me more about him, Alexander the Great?"
    "Yes Louis. He lived for action and glory, rather than pleasure and wealth. This is what he wanted from his life. Fame was his passion. 
  Alexander had light skin, blond hair not red like yours Louis but he had the same melting blue eyes. This bow and quiver of Alexander the Great, represents courage and wealth for the owner. You see value comes from what these things mean to the holder. Each gift was given to you, for your enjoyment and to harness their strength. Petar wants the courage this bow represents. Hathor wants it because of its history and meaning that it holds for the world. You Louis will have to offer these things in return for a favor or gift from them. You will have to decide how to use the gifts that have been given to you for your life saving quest."
    "I am not sure what you are telling me Mr. Beamer."
    "You will know all Louis, after your meeting, and teachings from King Kulika in Shambhala."
  Banking to the left and climbing higher into the stratosphere, a chill came over Louis. It was a bitter cold. Louis pulled out his old bearskin coat from a side saddlebag. Throwing it across his back then tightening it across his chest.
    "Junior is that Greenland in the distance?"
    "I believe so Louis."
    "How far do you think that is?"
    "Louis, that appears to be about another three to four hours flight. You can see Baffin Island below us, and the straight of Davis beyond that. We are heading now out towards open waters, and leaving the coast behind. We will ride the winds in the higher climbs. It should be easy flying with this strong wind at our backs," said Charlie as he glided high in the air, above Junior. 
  Mr. Beamer pulled on the left rein, sending Charlie banking to the left towards Greenland, further away from the coastline. Louis looked backwards towards the fading rocky shoreline. 
  He could see Canada off to his left, the Tiaga tree line, and the Great Boreal Forest. Remembering his past journeys in those parts of the world brought a moment of deep contemplation and thought. Memories of Black Elk, Captain Legrande Legrange, Ms. Telly Bell, and the Great Lake filled his mind. 
  Louis spoke to himself, under his breath.
  "I miss you all, and someday I will return to say hi. I have great worries on my mind right now, but when all is done one day, I would like to return to the Tree of Knowledge in your great forest with Molly. I promised her once I would do this."
  Junior climbed up to where Charlie was now soaring; he dipped out of a large cloud for better viewing then slid in next to Charlie; all the while admiring his dad.
    "Charlie someday, will I grow up to be as mighty, and as brave as you are?"
    "Yes son, you are still young but you are wise and strong in your youth. Take courage from Louis and watch out for him, for you are his stead and he is your master; you are betrothed to him until the end of your days on earth. Always be loyal to a fault."
    "I will dad, for I am learning more everyday by watching your leadership and one day, I hope to have great feats and conquests of bravery, and daring beyond what lays in my immediate future."
    "You will son, because we are heading back to the place of my birth, back to my destiny. My days will soon, be concluding and ending. It is my destiny."
    "Wait...wait...now...what was that you said...what are you talking about Charlie...your destiny is coming and your days will be ending?" asked a very alarmed Louis.
    "Don't worry Louis...you will understand all when the time is right. I assure you all will be fine, and you will agree with what has been written, and what shall be."
    "Dad, you're scaring me, you have to stop talking like that."
    "And you don't worry as well Junior. When my days are done, you will take over for me as all fathers pass their legacy onto their children or ponies in this case. You are my only son, just as Louis is an only son. 
  You will understand all soon enough, when the full moon rises from the east on the first day of summer, the solstice. The equinoxes of the moon and sun are to meet above the Valley of the Kings that is when I will meet my destiny. All will be clear on that day."
    A loud cry was heard high above Charlie. Mr. Beamer, Louis, and Junior looked upwards as the soft shimmering clouds parted above them. Far off in the upper distant sky and to the east all could see a grand and regal looking, lone great eagle gliding effortlessly in a slow and very methodical circle. He would dip to his left and slide along, moving smoothly as the winds caught the undersides of his outstretched wings. 
  Another distinguished cry was heard calling out from a distance.
    "We have a noble companion, to help guide our way and secure our passage; I recognized the voice, a friend, I assure you" said Mr. Beamer as he lifted his staff (that he was holding in his right hand) higher into the air, "he will follow us to Shambhala and beyond".
    "Good, we can use all the help we can get Mr. Beamer. You have to remember I am the "Chosen One", but stuff can still be a bit much at times."
    "I understand Louis, but we are all here to help you. I am sure a few more friends will come to our aid, the closer we reach our destiny."
    "I sure hope so Mr. Beamer, because if my cowl-lick shows up one more time without my wanting it to, then I'm going to be shaving my head, never to grow my red hair back again, even if I look like a shaved tomato or a shaved strawberry the rest of my life. I can't keep going through the embarrassment of that again."
    "Your future teacher can help you with that, or anything else that you like Louis. Some of your worries will cure themselves as you grow older, and some of your worries you will need to work on, and conquer with your own self-determination. Again, some of this is just a part of growing up. Be patient Louis...be patient, all will come to you in time."
    "Ok Mr. Beamer. This Shambhala is only, what two days away now?"
    "Yes Louis..."
    "Well...let's keep moving forward and onward, and you can tell me more of this grand city and destination of ours tonight, and you can tell me more of your  celebrated friend who flies above us and is heading in our direction."
   "I will Louis...all in good time."
  Another then another grouping of remarkable and notable downward stokes of Junior and Charlie's wings split the air in two. A cool wind slid along easily under the great extended, white wings and illustrious feathers of both Pegasus's as they continued forward towards Greenland. The glittering blue saltwater below glimmered in the late afternoon sun: from above the golden yellow and orange sunbeams came shining down all around them. 
  Louis ate his lunch tucked in behind Junior's neck, sitting squarely on his saddle. A satchel of water was pulled from another pouch from Junior's left side-bag. After a satisfying meal given to him by Elwood Booker of home cooked bread, fresh fruit and mincemeat pie, Louis was content. He slowly closed his eyes and took a nap. Junior innately flew quietly, straight and steady to allow Louis some richly deserved rest. Mr. Beamer seeing Louis doze off took his lead, closing his eyes after a quick bite to eat as well. 
  Both white horses continued flying for a few more hours towards the far-off wild and natural coastline that was now finally coming into view. The rocky cliffs shot directly upwards in an act of defiance against the coastal earth below. Seabirds were entrenched in her cliffs, crying out with life. The ocean mist created from the seawater smashing the unruly coastline, shot upwards into Louis's open nostrils. This stimulated him, brining him to back his senses.
    "Charlie I can see Greenland below us now" said a wide awake Louis "and what a beautiful country it is. It looks a lot like the North Pole, and the great tundra fields of Russia."
    "Yes Louis the view of this country is lovely from this far up in the sky. I have flown over this part of the world many times in my life, it is more breathtaking, it seems every time I fly over. 
  If you look straight ahead, you can see the highest mountain of this country, Mount Gunnbjorn. Did you know this country is only about five hundred miles south, below the North Pole? Louis, this is why the grounds look so familiar to you. The country is a part of the Kingdom of Denmark," said Charlie as he banked to the left, motioning for Junior to follow him.
  Mr. Beamer upon Charlie's turn of direction was jostled awake. 
    "Oh, I see we have reached Greenland while I slept."
    "Yes Mr. Beamer, and did you know that this is part of the Kingdom of Denmark?"
    "Yes I did Louis, I knew that. See all of the things you have learned already on this trip. It may be fun reading books all the time in your bedroom or at school, but the real fun in life is experiencing life in the great open wilds of the world for yourself."
  Charlie winked at Mr. Beamer; Mr. Beamer winked back.
    "We will sleep tonight at the comfortable house, or should I say burrow of an acquaintance of mine; she lives in Iceland. We only have about five hundred more miles to fly this day then another hard-earned rest will be Junior's, and mine.
  As two bulky clouds released their grasp upon each other, two large flocks of migrating seabirds (that were flying directly towards them), were spotted by Louis. He tugged on the rein in his left hand sending Junior cascading towards the north in a long sloping glide upwards. 
    "Look to your right Charlie. Do you see those seabirds? Let's be careful and move upwards to avoid them. Are they not a beautiful sight to see?"
    "They are Louis because they are free. Free to soar above the world and free to be themselves."
    "Well if I have anything to do with it, we will all be free from this impending evil that is threatening all things good in the world. I will keep this vision in my mind always as my destiny closes in on me, because it appears that not only is our freedom at stake, but it would be the freedom of all living things on earth. 
  It is the: freedom of the birds that fly freely in the skies with us today, the caribou below us who walk the frozen tundra, it is the great fish that team together in the open oceans, and the animals and beasts that walk upon the face of the earth. These are the freedoms that we will soon be fighting for, am I correct Charlie?"
    "Yes you are Louis. Let me take this one Charlie," said Mr. Beamer as he nodded his head up and down in confirmation "I see you are starting to grasp the movement and moment of our destiny and yours. You are truly beginning to see the overall picture my young friend. The world as we know it is at stake, with all the things that are good in the world relying on you Louis. It is good to see you growing in thought before our eyes."
    "I am ready to learn, and let this great task take me in its welcoming arms."
    "Good Louis, for only a few more hours and a new friend will be yours to make and she will help to foretell your future. For she is most wise, her name is Harpeia, she is a "Snatcher".
    "What's a...er..."Snatcher"...Charlie?"
    "How do you say it Louis...? She is a common: thief, burglar, robber, pick-pocket, or bandit."
    "Well why would she need to be our friend Charlie? I am getting confused here. Wouldn't she be better off being friends with the Missouri Rats, or Black Jack Tilly or Digger the Rabbit? Again why should we make friends with her?"
    "I have another plan in mind Louis. A backup plan because if your training should take too long in Shambala, and we cannot finish it in time, then we must have other plans, or friends to help us in our time of need, in the very near future. Harpeia I knew from long ago. She can easily be persuaded to help us. Leave that to me.  
  We will seek her counsel tonight in her cave on Greenland. She once lived on the Ionian Islands, one of the Seven Islands of Greece. They were called the Heptanese Islands in the olden days of ancient Greece. Harpeia use to live with her two sisters there, Aello also known as The storm Swift and her sister Celaeno known as The Dark or Fleet Foot. They had other names as well, "Swift Wing" and Podarge. 
  Thieves they were, and thieves they always will be. My back-up plan is not completed yet, but we need to make contact with Harpeia tonight and at the very least start the plan in motion. Mr. Beamer and I have discussed this in the past, and he agreed as you will, when all is known to you."
    "All right Charlie if you say so."
    "By the way you still have those sweet rolls that Elwood gave you, don't you?"
    "Why yes I do Charlie. I only ate one, and I have three left."
    "Good well, don't eat any more during the rest of our flight today. I will explain this to you later tonight. Try closing your eyes again; try to get some rest for we will be up late tonight, I assure you that."
    "OK Charlie, I trust you."
  Charlie looked over at Mr. Beamer who agreed with all that was said, as Charlie looked back at Louis. He tucked his two knees back up under Junior's neck feathers, and into the sockets of his wings, pulled his scarf up across his face, then gently closed his eyes as Charlie had asked.
  This high up, in the atmosphere the north winds were colder, more unstable, and thin. Junior and Charlie glided along the best they could in the jet stream, which made for an easier journey. A bump here, a few flaps of the wings there, a mild dive to gain speed, then a swift climb back up into the upper-stratosphere of the earth. The flight again was mostly effortless. 
  For two more hours they glided eastward over Greenland towards its far eastern coastline, below were seen miles and miles of endless deep forest, broad and very wide glaciers, wild, raging rivers and perilous undomesticated mountain ranges. Mother Nature could be seen in all of her wildest and most beautiful forms below. 
  A blast of cold air blew across the tops of Junior's wings, sending him into a twisted, shallow dive. This woke Louis, who immediately grasp for Junior's leather reins. He pulled hard on the left rein, tightening the bit in Junior's mouth. He instantaneously pulled the tips of his left wing upwards, which sent both rider and horse out of the thin dive, gliding them back up next to Charlie's side.
    "Are you OK Louis?"
    "Yes Charlie. Junior is a natural-born flyer, and has excellent athletic abilities. We seem to be a very good match: master and student. He is a quick learner as I am."
    "Good because you will need a bag of tricks to fight Petar. I knew Junior would be a good fit for you. You see I am older and although you may still be my master as well, Junior will one day take my full position as your servant. He will guide you when I am no more."
    "There you go talking like that again Charlie. You are an immortal "Arion", so why do you keep going on like that?" 
    "Because as I said before Louis, you may need a bag of tricks to fight Petra, I can say no more right now.
    "Charlie, stop please, you are scaring me."
    "I can now see the Caves of Dominaria coming into view; the home of Harpeia. Do you see them Mr. Beamer? Yes, you are correct Charlie. The sun is setting in the western sky. We must make for the shelter of those caves for the night. For it will be very cold tonight, this far north; a warm fire and a hot meal is needed by all." 
    "You can say that again Mr. Beamer," said Louis as he pulled another sweet roll out of his side saddlebag."
    "No Louis, remember you need to save those; our plan."
    "Oh that's right Charlie I forgot already."
  Louis placed the sweet roll back into the safety of his side bag as Charlie slowly changed direction and speed. He began a slow circling pattern above the vast caves below. Carefully he descended towards the frozen earth below. A dip of the wing here and there, then the tips of his wings raised and lowered with the flow of the air below and above them.
Junior followed Charlie's lead. Slow circular patterns were used to descend. Finally, Charlie sighted the correct cave and the home of Harpeia. 
    "That is her home. To the left of that large opening there, where the blue smoke is coming out, that must be it. It has been so long since I have been here."
  Mr. Beamer pulled back on Charlie's reins one last time as Ancient and Arion moved smoothly to a touchdown. Charlie's hoofs lightly touched the rocky bottom outside the opening of the cave mouth. Junior without due consideration landed tenderly behind him. 
  Junior knelt down as Louis dismounted. As Louis landed back on the earth, his legs were a little wobbly from the long flight. Mr. Beamer caught Louis, straightening him up. 
    "It was a long flight Louis. You wait here, as I press forward into the cave. I will see where the blue smoke is coming from, and return with some answers."
    "Well if you need me Mr. Beamer yell out, then duck; a straight arrow from the Bow and Quiver of Ra, the Sun God will be forthcoming."
    "Louis I don't think we will need that fine magic here, but I appreciate the thought. The worst that could happen is that you will lose one or more of your coveted and prized, sweet rolls. These Snatchers are only interested in food."
    "Well, I certainly do not want to lose one of those. That is indeed a prized possession to not lose, or have stolen from us."
  Louis tightened up the side saddlebag at the knot on top of the bag that held the sweet rolls, as Mr. Beamer disappeared into the depth of the cave. After a few tense moments, Mr. Beamer reappeared with a medium-sized stick that was burning at the tip. 
  "I found a cooking-fire at the back of the cave; no one is home for the moment. We should press forward inside, and warm ourselves until "The Snatcher" returns.
  Louis un-tethered the saddlebags from Junior and Charlie, he brought them into the shelter of Harpeia's home. Louis headed directly towards the cooking-fire to warm his hands and heart. After removing some of his outerwear, he found a large rock to sit on next to where Mr. Beamer was sitting. 
  Mr. Beamer leaned forward to smell the large cauldron of soup that was lightly simmering over the fire. After scanning the cave one last time with a watchful eye, he grasped the handle of the soup's ladle, bringing the taste of the soup to his lips. Before Charlie could stop him, Mr. Beamer tasted the fine broth.
    "No...no...Tut-ankh-Amon, remember the spell!" shouted out Charlie who had just reentered the cave mouth after a quick look about the grounds nearby. 
    "Mr. Beamer...ah...Tut...what is Charlie saying? Wha-t...has happened?" echoed a worried Louis.
    "I forgot Charlie. You are right once again. The spell of "The Snatcher" will be upon me shortly. What have I done?"
    "What Charlie...what...has happened!" shouted out a disconsolate Louis. 
  Mr. Beamer eyes grew heavy, his breathing became labored, and his knees started to wobble. He slowly placed the soup-ladle back into the pot, and before he could turn to speak again, he collapsed onto a large pile of dried leaves at the front of the fire, into a deep somnolent sleep.
  Louis frantically grabbed Mr. Beamer by the shoulders, shaking him with all him might. 
    "Mr. Beamer, wake up! Thomas...it's Louis! Wake up! 
  Louis yelled loud enough to wake the dead, but not the spellbound Mr. Beamer. 
    "Charlie was the soup a trap? Will he be all right? What can we do, to help him?"
    "It is an old trick, played upon an old man. He forgot the tricks of The Snatcher, as I did once. Their homes never are left unguarded, or found to be a welcome abode for an unknown traveler. Harpeia, and her sisters Aello and Celaeno must be close by, they must be aware of our presence."
  Junior, Charlie, and Louis quickly scanned about the large, dark cave with a probing eye. After a few tense moments, Charlie declared the cave, to be empty. 
    "We are alone Louis, I am sure of it. I will go scan the outer opening of the cave and the surrounding area with Junior. You stay here and keep Mr. Beamer as comfortable as possible while we are away. 
  Needless, to say please do not touch the soup, or anything else you find until we return, there may be other black magic in this cave that I have forgotten about. It has been so long since my dealings with these thieves that I might have forgotten, other nasty powers of theirs."
    "You don't have to tell me twice Charlie," said Louis as he wrapped a cloth blanket around Mr. Beamer who was laying as still and as quite, as field mouse in hiding. 
  Charlie and Junior exited the cave with haste and resolve in their mannerisms leaving Louis with worry in his heart and mind, at seeing his beloved Mr. Beamer lying dormant, under an evil spell. 
  Louis reached for his satchel of clean drinking water lying nearby. He brought a few drops of water to Mr. Beamer's lips, which softly fell to the wayside. His lips were as stiff as his mind was at rest. He looked serene in his wasted state, which alarmed Louis to no end, but for some strange reason, Louis suddenly became more aware of the situation at hand, than most boys of his age should be. 
  He was reasoning the situation out, when he slowly fell backwards against the large rock nearby. He raised his two arms up over his head, inter-locking them with his fingers. He tilted his head upwards to the ceiling of the dank cave and spoke out.
    "How long have you been watching us from your perch on high?"
    "Since your party first arrived into my den uninvited, and since you stole my dinner from my cooking-pot."
    As Louis's blue eyes searched into the darkness surrounding the cave roof, three figures appeared, more clear to him. His eyes had finally grown accustom to the darkness. 
  Attached to the rock ceiling were three winged creatures, hanging upside down above Louis's head, about eighty feet up, their large claws were outstretched and were effortlessly and steadfastly holding them in place. 
    "We did not mean to steal your dinner; we are but weary and worn travelers, needing to find rest and solace in your home for the night, for it is to be cold tonight, and we must regain our strength this evening. We are needed in Tibet in the far-east within three days, for we are on a journey to cast out a rising evil from this earth."
    "I know of your quest, it is no concern to me and my two sisters, we are more worried about our dinner tonight, what's left of it, that is." 
    "You indeed have a sharp tongue and a quick-wit. Can I have a face to look upon to go with your voice?"
  A fluttering of wings was heard, as a few small rocks were dislodged from the roof of the cave. Louis covered his face and Mr. Beamer's with the cloth blanket that was lying across Mr. Beamer's chest. 
  As the wind rustled in the cave and the three sisters circled about overhead in flight, Charlie and Junior reappeared into the light of the cooking-fire at far side the cave mouth. 
  Harpeia, Aello, and her sister Celaeno landed immediately on the rocky ground next to where Louis was crouching over Mr. Beamer. What he saw next shocked and confused little Louis. The voice of Harpeia was soothing to the mind in some sort of perplexing, and abnormal way, but Louis could hardly fathom the utter ugliness of her being. 
  She stood, nearly as tall as Louis on two stocky clawed feet with three thick toes twisted in a forward position, and one large clawed toe used for stability bent backwards. Sickly, dark colored feathers covered her rotund body, and short stocky wings. At the end of each wing sat a stubby hand with three perverted fingers. 
  She had the face of an older woman. It was an out of ordinary face. It was blackened with cave dust, wrinkled, and contorted into an uncommon shape. Thick ears were set high on the sides of her head, with long broad points. Long straggly black hair hung to her waist, it was tangled and knotted. This highlighted her not so regal look. 
  Simply put, she was an ugly winged bird-woman, with no real redeeming qualities other than her harmonious voice.
  Her sisters fared no better.
  Louis staggered backwards as she turned to face him. He reached upwards with his free hand, trying to cover his eyes the best he could, but he could not tear his eyes away. Upon lowering his hand in a slow, respectful manner, he tried to speak; Charlie quickly interrupted.
    "Harpeia, do you remember me? I was once in your company in the Ancient Times. I visited you once on the Ionian Islands. I believed they were called the Heptanese Islands in the olden days of ancient Greece. My name in those days was Aswan. Some others called me Raafat. I recognize your two sisters as well, Aello The Storm Swift and Celaeno The Swift Wing. 
  The two sisters let out a high-pitched, un-godly squeal in unison. 
  Louis covered his ears until his pain resided.
    "Your anger at realizing your dinner has been pilfered should be bounded towards me, because it was I that directed my two friends into your rocky dwelling."
    "Yes I do recognize you Aswan. You have changed colors since the last time I saw you; you once had a golden horn placed upon your forehead. You use to travel in the form of a Unicorn. Is this true?" asked a wry Harpeia.
    "Yes you are correct, on all accounts."
    "It was so long ago, and in a time of great wars."
    "You are correct again."
    "Now back to the task at hand" asked an un-muffled and ever infuriated Harpeia "then it is you that owes me a debt, for my loss today. What do you offer in return?"      
    "I offer a deal..."
    "Continue..."
    "We are to stay the night in your home so that we can be sheltered from the impending snowstorm which gathers outside as we speak. You will give us warmth and comfort tonight, and what natural food you have, and in return, we will leave first thing in the morning. 
  You will un-cast the spell you placed upon Tut-ankh-Amon, and bring him back to consciousness, back to his sound mind. And for all of this I offer you a delight like none other, you, or your sisters have ever tasted, a sugary treat that would make The Dogs of Great Zeus jealous. And you would not have to steal it tonight, which is your to your advantage and possible a first for you, to not have to steal your food."
   Louis stood up straight, adjusted the chain-mail hanging across his lanky chest, then he spoke again, but this time with volume in his voice. 
    "Thievery is a sin and Tut-ankh-Amon has paid the ultimate price for this sin. I to have thieved. I once stole carrots out of Tut-ankh-Amon garden when I was younger so I know of his folly, and I can feel your loss. The sugary delight that Aswan speaks of is in my possession. If you promise...to never embezzle...from us again, then I will offer it to you willingly. I know that that this would be hard for you because that is how you make your livelihood but that is the deal, if Aswan agrees as well," proclaimed a renewed Louis. 
    "I will only agree to your terms, if we can have a small taste of payment."
    "Agreed!" stated Louis.
    "Agreed!" stated Charlie.
   Louis reached deep into his saddlebag lying nearby. After a few quick moments of fumbling about, Louis produced a large cloth that was loosely wrapped over the sweet rolls that Horus the Elder, Elwood Booker had given them the day before. The aroma of the sugar wafted upwards and outwards towards the wrinkled nostrils of Harpeia, Aello, and Celaeno. 
  This time all three sisters squawked loudly together. Their high-pierced cries quickly filled the interior of the cave. Louis again winced in pain, all the while trying to cover his ears with his free hand.
  He tore three small pieces of sweet roll from the three remaining rolls, tossing them high into the air above his head. The Harpy's quickly darted from their perches, like vultures in flight towards a lifeless body below them. A speedy snap of the beak, a loud gulp, and cries of delight were heard above in the unsettling darkness.
   The sisters gave a few more upsetting squawks, and then there were vile arguments, and angry disconcerting words, as they continued to circle in flight above. 
  Charlie and Junior who were now standing next to Louis by the cooking fire and the bedeviled Mr. Beamer waited for an answer from The Snatcher. Harpeia as she landed with her two sisters gazed lovingly, and with unbridled lust in their hearts at the remaining sweet rolls, from the oven of Elwood Booker, guardedly held in Louis's hand.
    "We accept your simple terms," said an un-satisfied Harpeia"..."no conditions." 
    "Release Tut-ankh-Amon from his twisted and most abnormal sleep then send us to your storage bins of stolen food. For no good Snatcher would go hungry this night, for you all are the queen of all "Snatchers" Harpeia", quipped Charlie with a sardonic, and mocking smile imprinted across his face.
  Harpeia shouted out at the top of her lungs in her soothing and sly voice, a terse and very short spell. The cooking-fire liven up, shooting out bursts of orange and yellow flames from the base, the simmering waters in the black cast-iron pot boiled quickly, then shot out over the thick lip at the top of the cauldron, sending steam raising to the top of the cave roof.   
  Louis, Charlie, and Junior turned to look at Mr. Beamer as he methodically opened his eyes. The light of the fire died back down, the steams subsided. 
  Mr. Beamer was slow to rise. 
  He sat up on the bed of leaves and mosses, lifted the blanket to his face, wiping the eerie sleep from of his eyes. Harpeia disappeared from sight for the moment, jetting towards the deep recesses of her home. She reappeared a few moments later carrying a large cloth bag full of food. As she circled above in flight, she released the bag, which landed squarely in Louis's arms, sending the sweet rolls falling to the ground. 
  Harpeia's eyes were transfixed on the reward.  
  Charlie nodded to Louis then spoke again.
    "Payment is due Louis; the deal has been sealed."
  Louis dropped the heavy cloth bag, reaching for one sweet roll at his feet. Quickly he tossed the reward high overhead. Harpeia, Aello, and Celaeno became lost in a fierce battle for the coveted prize. Scratching and clawing at each for a share, they flew towards the cave mouth, into the heart of the rising snowstorm outside, not to be heard from for the rest of the night.
  Mr. Beamer looked towards the disappearing tail feathers of Harpeia, as she exited the cave, then spoke softly to Charlie, Louis, and Junior.
    "Our plan worked to perfection Charlie; let's all enjoy this warm fire and our free dinner for the evening."   


    
  
  

   
                                                    ~Chapter 17~
The Firebird

    "The Black Fire has arisen! The Dark Stranger will rule his primordial darkness once again; for I am the Dark Haired One, I am Peter the Terrible, I am..."
    "Man he really takes himself seriously doesn't he?" stated Joey the Bull.
    "Yeah he really does, but just go try to ask Horse-Face Willy, he ain't with us no more, remember?" said Stinky Bob.
     "I can't...he's...he's...." said Flat-Nose Hank as he slashed one finger across his throat.
  As Petar Deegan Aden swirled about the prison yard in delight, relishing in his newly formed powers of pure evil, all around could only wonder aloud about his growing instability. 
  Petar was awash in power. 
  It poured over his thin boney frame, ran over his fractured heart, dripping down deep, into the blackness in his soul.  
    "My father calls for me this day from his unforgiving grave in the Valley of the Kings. His call will be answered before the next celestial moon; the darkness-giving moon, will cross the sky again, and then there will be a rebirth, an awakening, and an evil spell cast back over the earth. The ruler of the "Neither World" will rule over all, once more. My father...calls me!" shouted out Petar above the whispers and sighs, of all at the Saint Louis prison.
    "What is the plan Petar? How do we help ya?" asked Black Jack Tilly.
    "The Great-Wrapping Machine is completed now. Cool Joe Biggs give me that key and all you...step back."
   The prison yard cleared all heading for the farthest parts of the prison, and as far away from Petar as they could get. In a slow lumbering motion, Petar limped towards the key hole on the main platform of the great machine. 
  All the kids being held in their prison cells gazed out towards the center of the yard. Molly and Chug followed their leader's commands, with blank stares and nothingness in their minds; master and servant still locked together at their souls. 
  Petar raised the key into the air higher as he approached the broad and far-reaching machine. The great smoke stacks rose high above the prison walls, the eminence wooden wheels, pulleys and conveyor belts rumbled to life as Petar inserted the silver key; bringing the evil machine to life. Smoke rumbled out of the smoke stacks, massive leather belts began spinning, metal sounds were heard from deep within its depths. 
  Petar's voice squealed out high above the rumblings of the great machine, to the horror of all in attendance. 
  Fear gripped their hearts and minds.
  
  Evil...knows no fear.
  Evil...never sleeps.
  
  The Eyes of Horus, and Wedjat spun wildly in their sockets with each hideous laugh, spewing forth deep from Petar's throat.
    "Keep your head down Cool Joe, just do as Petar says" said Big Belly Bill.
    "You hear that Sleazy? Just do everything Petar says, we will all be fine" chimed in Rags Martin, as he coward in fear at the sights and sounds of the maniac.
    "I have one more reading of the Book of Aka Manah, it's time for the evil truth to be revealed...it is time for me to be shown the way, to my destiny...time for new answers. Bring me that book out of my prison cell one last time Cool Joe."
  Cool Joe lifted his head, gazed upon the two eyes of power, then bolted for the second floor of the prison, up the cement steps in two quick leaps, down the upper stairway (where Kauket had jumped to her demise earlier), then quickly into Petar's cell. Laughing all the while, with malevolence overtaking him, Cool Joe appeared back into the light of the sun. He bounded over the upper handrail with the Book of Aka Manah outstretched in his arms; he landed on the hard ground in front of Petar's large black jackboots.
    "A good thief you are, a good thief you will always be Cool Joe, it's nice to have you as my right-hand man."
  Cool Joe smiled showing his one good tooth.
    "Now step back toothless one, and behold the new...dark truth."
    Petar rolled his evil eyes about their black sockets in a clockwise motion, cracked his knuckles twice, grabbing the book of evil from Cool Joe's thieving fingers. 
   He placed the leather-bound book on the platform of the Great-Wrapping Machine as it thundered about, in motion. 
  The evil Pen of Jupiter Angel Satquiel arose from deep within its pages. Bright blue strobe lights shot from the pen as it glowed anew, the eerie lights danced about and out into the bright sunlight. 
  Petar rubbed his hand together like a doctor washing his hands before an operation, slow and methodically, with single-mindedness.
  The wickedness within the pen once again showed its purpose in life. 




Petar Deegan Aden, obey my commands
As it is written, as it is said, and so you shall understand

You are "The Redeemer" you are the "The Black Fire"

You are the holder of the two evil eyes
The Powers of Wedjat and Horus are yours to wield
Use their powers wisely or yield

Only you hold the power
Only you can unleash the beast
Revel in the dark powers beneath your feet

Head east into the "Desert of Fire" at the place of you birth

Be swift 
Be there before the rising of Hathor the Moon Rider 
Begins her moon-dance

Call for your father before the arc of dark shadows of her passing 
Are no more

Bring the Precession of the Equinoxes back to order once more

I send you a guide 
A firebird

  The light of the evil Pen of Jupiter Angel Satquiel went dark once more. 
  The evil book closed.
  The ground began to shake violently, and the earth began to rumble as Petar looked below towards the commotion felt below his feet. 
    "Run Cool Joe! Get the heck out of there!" shouted out Black Jack Tilly as he too ran, for cover. Cool Joe with two quick leaps was upon the prison wall looking backwards, as the earth begun to split open wider and wider in front of Petar's feet.
  Two earth shattering black lightning bolts shot across the cloudless sky high above the prison yard; all crouched down in fear, except Petar who stood steadfast and defiant, with his crazy eyeballs spinning wildly about in their sockets. 
    "Behold...The Firebird... Rukh...!" screamed out Petar as golden flames shot about his feet, then high into the air.
  An earsplitting screech came from the depth of the ever-widening chasm then another and another!
  Two vast talons appeared from the depth of despair, clutching onto the rock face at its edge. A massive flaming bird head appeared into the new day's sunshine, above the edge of the abyss. As it flapped its wings inside of its newborn resurrection, Petar eyes lit anew with evil.
  The Firebird was well over seventy feet tall, and sixty feet wide with wings fully extended. Fire shot out at its feet as it landed with a deafening thud back onto the earth, which bore it, his black, and red feathers feverishly whipped the wind back and forth, sending thick dust clouds rising high above the prison yard. Two more dry lightning strikes were heard shooting across the angry skies above; the earth below moaned once more in defiance.
  The great bird opened it broad beak, raising its head upwards, shooting a stream of golden flames, outwards from its bottomless black soul.
  The site of this monster from the dark was almost unfathomable to the common person. The children screamed out from the jail cells around the prison, as man and child both feared deeply.
  Cool Joe Biggs smiled insidiously as he reached down into his shirt, exposing a loosely wrapped, knotted rope. He tossed it towards Petar, shouting out as it landed in Petar's outstretched bony hand.
    "I think were beyond horse-napping, so I won't be a needing this no more."
    "I see you are onboard Cool Joe, and are understanding things right now. See you on the dark side soon enough" said Petar as he, crafted a lasso with the rope. Skillfully he slung the rope around the firebirds neck, sending it squeaking out in boldness once more. 
  Petar flung himself up upon Rukh's broad, feathered back. After digging his jackboots into its sides, Petar settled in for the long trip eastward. Black Jack threw a cloth sac full of food over towards Petar he slapped the bag to the ground as it flew by him he then ripped open his full-length black duster exposing his gaunt, boney frame.
    "I won't be hungry where I'm going Black Jack, thanks anyway; I'm already brimming full, of evil power" screamed out Petar as he pulled back on the lasso, tightening it around Rukh's neck.
  The Firebird flapped its two mammoth wings in anger, which lifted both rider and bird to about twenty feet off the ground. Petar pulled violently on the rope, once again and to the left, which sent Rukh into a more excited state, the higher he arose. A few more mighty downward strokes of the bird's massive wings and Petar was away, heading due east towards ancient Egypt, and his destiny with his father; Mehan the Serpent King, in the Valley of the Kings. 
    






























~Chapter 18~
King Kulika

  Panthera stood with a watchful eye over Centerville as the long summer days and night passed. Standing pat like, a sentinel on a large hill outside of town (by the Centerville water tower), not one natural or unnatural thing passed his ever-present gaze, over the simple town folks, and animals that resided there.
  Life went on in the heart of town with the Ladies of the Red Hat Society planning, their monthly secret meetings, Miss Trumble returned from her teacher's convention back east, and Mr. Pennywell the Mayor continued giving speeches in the town square, to any taxpayers who would stand still long enough to hear him speak. 
  So on, and so on it went in Centerville. 
  The summer days passed with wild flowers and cornstalks perfuming the air with their glorious scents. Large fluffy clouds strolled overhead inside the soft warm breezes blowing in from the north. Fauna and flora bloomed in abundance along the banks of the shallow streams that surrounded the hills and dales, of the sleepy town.
  However, deep inside of the peaceful town, a collective worry was in everyone's heart because Harry, Sammy, Molly, and Chug were still lost, inside of another world. Trapped within a world of darkness and evil, inside the depths of the Saint Louis Jail, to who knows what fate. 
  Now and again, the ground below the red-bricked homes, and wooden farmhouses of Pleasant Valley shook, reminding everyone what unpleasantness still lies on the far eastern horizon, and in their near future. Evil was still on the loose in the world in the form of vile power hungry men and strange other-worldly beast, to simple horse thieves and simpletons. 
  Little Louis, Mr. Beamer, Junior, and Charlie had not been heard from in Centerville, since their eventful departure almost two full weeks ago. This left most residents in town, and especially Panthera with a worried brow and heavy heart. They could only steadfastly wait for word of their journeys, or of their successful return, after the next cycle of the full moon. 
  

  Leaving Greenland on the next morning after the first seeds of their plans for Harpeia and her sisters had been sewn, eastward they hastened back again and out over wide open, and wild ocean waters towards Iceland, then pushing onwards and forwards over the Norwegian Sea, and over and done towards Norway. 
  Gliding effortlessly and with great skill high up in the far-northern climes, Junior and Charlie with the prodding's and directions of Mr. Beamer and Louis made precious time, and great distances fall behind them. 
  Below them as they passed by were seen very large and broad sea creatures: immense blue whales, teaming schools of blue and yellow fin tuna darting about and large and never-ending, great families of dolphin and porpoises. 
  Above, below and around them in the blue skies, astonishing flocks of seabirds were to be seen and enjoyed: common white and gray egrets, majestic great blue herons, prideful arctic terns, wildly colored mallards and arctic geese; flew past and with them, in all their glorious brilliance. 
  The dark blue and green hues of the thrashing sea below, the shades of whites and off-whites of the cresting waves, and the finery of the glinting yellow and orange sunbeams exploded about them.
  It was a feast for the eyes and the soul, for all to enjoy.
  Two days sleeping in a pristinely constructed ice cave on the frozen tundra of Sweden, then another day's flight to Finland. Onwards east, they flew; spiraling and sharp diminishing falls followed by prompt landings. An impromptu rest here and brief rest there, then at nightfall nourishing meals cooked by Mr. Beamer, with endless planning and endless preparation, for Louis by Charlie and Mr. Beamer at night. The reading of the maps and books that Mr. Beamer had brought along with him, by Louis; his development was never ceasing, and always at the forefront of every conversation.
  Louis was growing and advancing in his progress daily, becoming the leader he was destined to be. 
    "How much longer until we reach Tibet in China?" asked an inquisitive Louis as he finished the last of his evening's meal.
    "Five days by my calculations Louis. We must cross over the isle of Gotland in the Baltic Sea, cross over the Latvia, and The Baltic countries by tomorrow then on into lower Russia, and upper China a few days after that. We will rest by night, keeping a low profile along the way, then into central China to the "Kingdom of Shambala" in the land of Olmolungring. 
    "Will the travel be hard, and will we come across any wild beasts along the way?"
    "No Louis the travel should be swift. As we fly high above the earth on this journey, we will not come across many wild things, at least any that I now know of. Most vile winged creatures that ruled the earth so many years ago have all passed on. These are different days now. There are many wild creatures, that still stir in the depths of the deep oceans, and vast caverns of the world, they rule within the darkness of those worlds, but the good of the sunlight prevents those creatures from rising up. That is our task before us, today and in the near future, to keep those creatures of the night at bay."
    "You mean creatures and beasts, like Growlar?"
    "Yes Louis, just like Growlar and Broadfoot, Growlar's brother bear, and Nebuka the Orange Yeti."
    "No Charlie, Nebuka is now called Nebuka the Good, he has changed. 
    "I forgot that he has changed."
    "He told me of other creatures that stir in the night, like: George the Cave Troll...Harry the Centaur...Olly the Ogre and Dragon the Fire Breathing Dragon. Will those dark creatures rise up, and awaken from the earth, if we fail in our quest?"
  "Yes Louis they will rise up, and many more depraved and loathsome creatures like them. There are many beasts that lay in the depths, more than, you or I know of. That is why our quest is so very important."
   "Louis, all that Charlie says is true. Now multiple that by three thousand years, for that is the amount of time that those fiendish things have been waiting to re-populate the earth, since the olden days. They have patiently waited. There will be hairy vampires on the loose, as you have seen in your dreams. There will be large swine, swamp ogres, forest giants, cave trolls, wild werewolves, fiendish winged dragons, dark brooding witches, and even Ole' Harry the Ghost from Miss Trumble's, attic might come back to life" added Mr. Beamer. 
    "Well we must make great time then, and get to Tibet and Shambala before the moon is to rise again, in the Valley of the Kings. We must stop all of this evil stuff from happening. It was bad enough fighting off an ancient cave bear; I could image a whole slew of them monsters on the loose."
    "And let's not forget Petar, Kauket, the two evil eyes of, Wedjat and Horus and of course, let's not forget the worse of them all...Mehan the Serpent King"  said Charlie.
    "Yes we do have quite the task ahead of us, but look below. There in the distance I can see the isle of Gotland, and beyond at the near curvature of the earth, I can see the coast of Europe", said Charlie as he glided even higher up in the stratosphere.
  The conversation ended abruptly, as Charlie and Mr. Beamer were lost from view, as they passed into a large billowy cloud. Junior dove around the larger cluster of clouds before them, sending him and Louis into a speedy decent. Louis called out in delight as Junior picked up speed. 
  Charlie appeared from the top of those same clouds, taking great joy, and delight at seeing Louis and his momentary happiness. Aw, to be a child thought Charlie to himself. I use to be a young pony, I remember those days. I use to be just as joyful in my youth. Those were the days.
  As Charlie pondered his youth, and as Junior flew, eastwards with Louis lost in his own world as only a child could do, Mr. Beamer knew the days ahead would be darker and less joyful. For only he truly knew the evil powers that Petar held in his grasp, because he was around when the "Neither World" ruled the earth above and below. 
  Looking below once more Mr. Beamer could see the brilliant natural world again in all its loveliness. A grand blue whale that was well over ninety foot long spy-hopped upwards out of the deep blue depths of the wild ocean, sending a huge breath of moisture-laced air, shooting over forty feet up into the air above. This brought a smile to Mr. Beamer's face.
  Onward they went.


  Three nights were spent in the eastern, vast wild-lands of Russia, sleeping under a forest canopy that spread the width of the country. There was not a wild creature to be seen. The nights were dark and sleepless for Louis who tossed, and turned in his sleep, with visions of George the Cave Troll and Olly the Ogre devouring him while he slept. Sometimes it was not so good to have a vivid imagination; no one knew as well as Louis.
  After two more days of enduring flight, and short nights of sleep: on the third day as the next morning broke, while Louis and Mr. Beamer broke camp, Louis spoke.
    "Today will we finally reach Tibet and the city of Kapula, Mr. Beamer?" 
    "Yes I believe so Louis. The weather has been forgiving, and kind to us and that warm summer wind blowing at our backs has kept us ahead of schedule for the last two days."
  Just as Mr. Beamer spoke and was about ready to mount Charlie for the day, the ground began to rumble again as it did in Centerville, what seemed so long ago. The trees above them shook, and shimmied back and forth, sending leaves and branches falling all about them. 
    "Run for the clearing over there Charlie, Junior!" shouted out Louis as he too broke for the opening. Is it, Mehan the Serpent...is it Mr. Beamer? He's trying to scare us...isn't he?"
  As all headed for the clearing in earnest, Mr. Beamer called ahead to Louis, "Louis we are getting close to him; he is aware of us, and you're right...I believe he is trying to drive us away."
  Everyone reached the safety of the clearing, standing as steadfast as possible, while the ground continued to shake and shiver. A deafening roar was heard rising up from the earth once more. All covered their ears, then silence.
    "It has passed us by, the shaking, and the evil. It is heading westwards towards Centerville Mr. Beamer."
    "Correct Louis, but Panthera is watching out for your friends and family as we speak. He will know what to do; he will call all to safety. As you know Louis, he is the bravest of them all. We have left your loved ones in good company, do not fear."
  Louis forlornly looked westwards as he stood in the clearing, away from his friends. All he could think about was, to be brave for the others. So many people were depending on him.
  Nothing else was said; only worry was found in everyone's heart. 
  All headed back to the campsite one last time before they took flight for the day. Everything had been packed and readied. Louis climbed aboard Junior as he rustled his plume, and exercised his broad-feathered wings. Mr. Beamer in turn mounted Charlie and off the ground they unceremoniously lifted upwards, stirring clear of the forest canopy as they climbed higher and higher, into the morning skies.
  Upon reaching a height of over four thousand feet and finding the northern jet stream again, Charlie and Junior settled into a steady pace, flying again eastwards towards Tibet. 
  The hours passed with Charlie out front, ahead of Junior, breaking the wild winds for him. The skies were clear and blue. The forest below them gave way to mountain ranges and higher elevations. This part of the world was more rugged and wilder. 
  The morning gave way to mid-morning, then mid-afternoon to late afternoon.
Snows could be seen on the highest mountaintops as northern China, now came into view. 
  The Himalayan Mountains were a site to see as they rose before them, where they sat on the Tibetan Plateau. These were the highest peaks of the world, escalating to over twenty four thousand feet high, with over one hundred mountains strung out along her pathways. This was the wildest, uppermost, and impassable, mountain range in the world by foot, caravan, or horseback. 
  Upon reaching the closest eastern mountain ridge of the great range of mountains, Louis cleared his throat.
    "Those mountains look a lot like the Ingnok Mountains at the North Pole and the home of Polar Gates.
    "These mountains do look a lot like those Louis, you are very astute, but these mountains rise higher in elevation, are more dangerous and wild, also this is the where the great city of Kapula lays. Where the notable King Kulika lives and rules. Let me find my bearings and locate the city directly, it should come into view shortly" said Mr. Beamer.
  Saying this Mr. Beamer reached into the side saddlebag on Charlie's left haunch, upon pulling out the Compass of Nubia, Mr. Beamer got lost within its operation. An eerie and strange golden light emanating from its heart, which cast a bright gold colored light, across Mr. Beamer's face that showed of consternation and deep thought, on Mr. Beamer's part.
    "Are we on the right path Mr. Beamer? How much farther?" asked Junior.
    "We need to travel on this path for another few hours then we will make a sharp right turn when we see the mountain range at its highest peaks. From there we will descend into the Zang Zhung culture and the full welcoming arms of their people."  
  Charlie looked forward without saying a word; he understood. A few more hours passed of natural flight until finally, the tallest mountain on earth was standing before them, and in plain sight. 
  Mr. Beamer tugged on Charlie's right rein, tightening the metal bit in his mouth. Charlie slowly turned southwards, he started to drop slowly in elevation; Junior followed suite as Louis scanned in between the clouds breaking away from them, all looking for the Lost City of Kapula high in the heart of the Himalayan Mountains. 
  Just as the highest mountain was directly underneath them, Louis took note of a vast city spread out before them. 
  The golden lost city was in site.
  Louis called out.
    "It's there, the great city of Kapula, I can see it Mr. Beamer, I can see it" shouted out a very excited Louis.
    "It shimmers in gold," said a delighted Charlie. 
    "It is; is it not the most beautiful city in the world?" asked Louis.
    "Look at the grand temples, the enormous city walls that surround her, Mr. Beamer, it is all so beautiful!" said Junior.
    "It is very beautiful Louis, Junior, and that will be our home for the next week as you officially start you're finally training Louis", added Charlie "you will soon become enlightened and reach high-thought if your final training goes as planned. 
    "I like the sound of that Charlie, just imagine me, a young man of the world, enlightened and high-trained to fight the last remnants of evil on the earth. It has a real ring to it doesn't it Charlie?"
    "I can see your training really has not begun, or you would not be thinking like that Louis."
    "What do you mean Charlie?"
    "Well from what I know about high-thought, the last thing you think about is yourself and your position in the world."
    "What do you mean Charlie, what do you mean?"
    "It will all become clear to you Louis after this week ends", said Mr. Beamer as he, Charlie and Junior began to circle about ever lower and lower, over the hallowed golden city walls, and golden temples seen glowing brightly in the sun, below them.
    "But Mr. Beamer, Charlie..." 
  Lower and lower, they descended, until they were right above the city's vast golden walls.
  Louis was still lost in thought from what Charlie had said, as Junior finally touched down ever so lightly into the heart of the city, onto the main city square, Charlie quickly landing behind him.
  The city was a venerable "City of Gold". 
  There were golden walls rising to celebrated heights around them; they seemed to close down upon them as they landed: the golden reflection of their walls seemed to cover them from head to toe, stifling their breathing. 
  There was gold leaf covering all of the windows of the golden temples, homes, and outbuildings. The roofs were made of gold, the streets, and the even the two water towers on the outer edges of the city were all made of gold. 
  Louis was stupefied and most impressed.
  The shimmering golden lights mixed in the yellow sunlight, reflected off the golden walls of the city blinding Louis, Charlie, Junior and Mr. Beamer. They could barely see the city's residents walking about, but they could hear their footsteps clearly, as they drew closer to them. They did hear the soft soothing voices of all calling out for them, with warm, heartfelt salutations.
    "Louis we have been waiting for your return to us" said one soothing voice into Louis's right ear.
  Then another soft voice was heard in the other Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri, you have returned to us as the Good Book said you would", then it continued on "all is well now that you have returned to us, the earth's shaking will stop, this growing evil, dark spell around us, will soon be no more."
  Someone in the large crowd that gathered around them reached out and touched Louis's hand, handing him a pair of golden glasses to wear. Louis without further thought placed them upon his nose; all became clear to him. The bright golden reflections off the walls, windows, and homes diminished, and what he saw before him was even more beautiful than he could have imagined, or had already seen. 
  All city folk, the inhabitants of this great city of high-thinkers could now be seen in all of their beauty and grandeur, and what grandeur it was. All selfsame wore golden glasses upon their faces, wore golden, long flowing robes, to the tops of the their toes, golden halos surrounded their hair; long and flaxen tussles hung down, free flowing, and out in all directions. Silver and golden spun ropes kept their tunics tightly held against their chests. Some wore golden turbans, covering their heads.
  The inhabitants of the great city were all tall, well over seven-foot a peace, dwarfing petite Louis, and the portly Mr. Beamer where they stood. A fair young Lady appearing to be about twenty years old, reached out to shake Louis's hand. As the hand was exposed to Louis, he could see it was stark white, porcelain in color and was ever so silky smooth. 
  Not a day of hard labor had crossed her path. 
  She had perfect skin.
  As Louis looked about there were hundreds of people coming forwards and inwards towards them. All had the most quizzical looks written across their perfectly hewn faces. Simply put these were the most fine-looking, and strikingly handsome people, Louis or anyone else, had ever seen before. 
  Some had thin perfect lips, some thick and divine. Most had blonde hair, or black hair, tied back with golden handkerchiefs, or silver ties, and all wore silver or gold moccasins over their smooth, thin feet. 
  There were many dark skinned people having a rare, skin tone that Louis had never seen before. There were light-skinned white ones, ones with red-skinned hues and brown ones. All the races of the world were represented, and all were magnanimous in their demeanor and countenance. 
  This was in Louis's mind a perfect community of perfect people. All who appeared to be happy beyond comprehension, and living in a faultless harmony with the world and everything that lies within it. He was seeing bliss written across all faces he beheld, but behind the crystal-clear, stunning eyes of all, Louis could see a glint of reservation, and uncertainty, which bothered him to no end.
  He could also see doubt and worry. 
  Just then, the earth shook violently once more, sending all into a mild panic. The harmony of the moment quickly faded, as the earth shook for the better part of thirty seconds. Then slowly the shaking subsided then returning, back to its normal state once again. 
  All became quite as all cowered down at Louis's feet looking towards their pristine leader to guide them. Right then one of the tallest and most handsome of the group parted the crowd, stepping forward. He handed Mr. Beamer a pair of identical golden glasses that Louis now wore. 
  As Mr. Beamer placed them over his eyes to shield them from the golden rays of backscattered light shinning about them, all became clear to him in the process.
  Mr. Beamer reached out his hand in friendship.
    "King Kulika, it is so nice to see you again."
    "Tut-ankh-Amon, it is so nice to see you as well, it has been way too long for the both of us."
    "And Aswan, or do you go by the name of Raafat, now as before?" asked King Kulika "it is nice to see you looking well."
    "I go by my current name now, "Charlie the Great White Horse", but you can call me by my current or past name, it does not matter."  
    "Too bad we do not meet under better circumstances, for as you can feel by the ground shaking below us that there is trouble brewing in the far-east once more, as we speak. The ground shakes as before in the ancient times," said King Kulika
    "Yes as before, we must hurry, there is much work to do" said Mr. Beamer as he turned and waived his hand towards Louis, who was standing there quite apparent to all; taken aback, and a bit dumbfounded upon looking into King Kulika's eyes.
  There was so much wisdom, sensibility, and serenity found in his eyes. Louis had never stood in the presence of one so proud and levelheaded since he first met Panthera the Great Snow Panther years back.   
    "King Kulika may I introduce to you, Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri. The wearer of the Bell of Amun-Ra, the holder of the Staff of Thebans and the keeper of the Bow and Quiver of Ra, the Sun God...better known to most of us, as our own Little Louis.
    "Welcome to our great city of Kapula, so yes, yes, so this is the great defeater of Growlar the Ancient Cave Bear, who also changed Nebuka the Terrible our own vile orange yeti into, Nebuka the Good, and who bested "Black Jack Tilly" and "Squint-Eyed Pete" at their own games. 
  I could go on, and on but I believe the point has been made. It is indeed a pleasure to meet you Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri stated King Kulika as he bowed majestically in front of Louis, who was still awash in his glimmering chain mail coat, with quiver and bow slung across his slight shoulders, shield in hand, "oh and yes are you not also the breaker of the "Looking Glass", "The Burning Glass of Amun?"
  Louis stuttered in his thoughts and words.
    "Oh...yeah...well...ah...oh...about that...ah...sorry I guess I got kind of scared, and I kind...of...of...lost my cookies, and screamed real loud when I saw Squint smiling at me in the glass with that ugly face of his...and I guess I did break it...sorry. How did you know about that anyway?"
    "I know all...I see all."
    "Oh well...again...sorry...about that, really I am King..."
    "We will work on your wild emotions, and timidity or nervousness; it will be a part of your future training, which we will start first thing in the morning, but tonight we dine, and celebrate your arrival Ozymandia."
   Louis spoke, as only Louis or Chug could do.
    "Free food again! Well you can count me in. Man oh man, the last time I had a great meal was on board the Cimmaron Cutter with Captain Legrande Legrange, now that was a meal. Let's get going then."
    Mr. Beamer, King Kulika, Charlie, and Junior, all looked at Louis in disbelief, then all smiled. 
  Charlie spoke.
    "Yes Louis, I mean Ozymandia, you are correct. A good meal and good company should be abounding, for we have had a long journey. It is time to celebrate with our old friends, and with the new friends we will soon be making."
  Charlie winked at Louis
  Louis smiled as wide as he could, winking back at Charlie.
  All standing around the clearing began to smile as well as they rose from their crouched positions; they surrounded Louis in joy and happiness, offering praise and thanks already, to the little boy who was to be their savior.
  After all exchanged fine greetings and salutations, the king waived for the traveling party to follow them back towards his personal residence deep inside the city of shimmering gold and lights. Deep inside of the Zhang Zhung culture in the land of Olmolungring.
  The weary party rested in comfort and relief, upon finding their luxurious beds of gold, which the king provided them. Finely woven silk sheets, intricately made vases of wine by the bedsides, oversized goose-downed pillows were tossed about the room, bowls of fresh fruit abounded, and so on and so on. Louis could not believe his eyes, upon looking at his surroundings. 
  He was just an old country boy, living in a farmhouse in Centerville, Indiana; he never knew a city like this existed in the world, and that he would be its guest of honor and savior one day. 
  Louis was given an iridescent and glistening golden robe to wear, which, was the common garb worn by all in the city, and upon his head sat a delicately crafted golden cloth turban, loosely bound. All were, free flowing and elegant to the touch, a delight to the eyes to behold. Louis never looked more resplendent and dazzling in his dressage. This highlighted his clear cobalt blue eyes, bright red hair, and apple colored freckles. 
  A "Boy King" was born, as was written.
  

  After a late afternoon's rest a warm bath, and a bit of pampering by the room's porters, all headed for the vast hall at the north end of the city. The evening's feast was served inside of the thick walls of the admired golden Hall of Thinkers. There were golden high archways found about every thirty feet or so, lining the great hall, with deep broad golden windows strewn about the walls and long corridors. The ceiling height must have been over two hundred feet high by Louis's estimate, as he looked upwards upon entering the great hall. 
  A long low lying, marble table sat in the center of the room, with an elaborate dinner service seating of well over five hundred, spread out before him. Multiplying out before him was: long fruit plates, with strange and off-colored fruits, which Louis did not know the names of, and there were long, thin, glasses filled to the brim with multicolored and very splendiferous aged wines. 
  Found in the very center of the long marble table at about every twenty paces or so were; wild ducks, cooked in a tasty orange sauce, or delightfully slow-cooked pheasant under glass, lightly seasoned with thyme and rosemary, then at the farthest two ends of the table were found two large: gutted, stuffed and well-cooked pigs.
  Louis took in a long deep sniff of the delectable's that were gathered before him; then licking his lips, he thought to himself. If only Chug was here. Man I would like to see the look on his face, if he saw this layout. 
  He missed his best friend so much.
  Louis sat at the head of the table next to King Kulika, who was seated on his left;  Tut-ankh-Amon was sitting to his right. Mr. Beamer as well, was dressed in golden robes and headdress. Junior and Charlie had been bathed, washed, and their feathers ruffled, looking just as clean and as refined as could be. They stood directly behind Louis, close enough to join in the conversation and take part of the evening's activities. 
  A fine band (sitting at the rear of the room) played as each course of the illustrious dinner was served. There were three flute players, a tambourine player, a harpist a percussionist, and a beautiful, very tall lady-vocalist who was leading the procession. 
   As grand speeches were given between courses by the Mayor of the city, and some of its leading citizens and as appetites and thirsts were quenched and never-ending friendships made, King Kulika finally arose from the table to speak once more. First he spoke to little Louis, then to his citizens. 
    "Louis, I am sure I speak for all the people of our great nation that are assembled here tonight; first off, we give thanks for this fine meal and lovely music."
  All applauded sublimely, turning towards the band at the back of the room. 
  He continued.
    "You have traveled across the far reaches of the earth to be with us here tonight, we truly appreciate your efforts, and for all that you have done so far, and for what you are about to do in the near future."
  Louis looked back at Charlie, he smiled then looked about the room at all of the lovely people sitting at the low-lying tables in front of him, then out and about the long room.
  King Kulika continued.
    "You have come to our great city to finish your training; for you are the next generation of Ancients who have been born unto the world. The Ancients and Arions who have walked amongst us for so long are to be now returned to the earth, which bore them. They will be no more. You and your descendants will take their place."
  Louis became alarmed to no end. He turned to gaze back at Charlie, quickly speaking out in dread.
    "Charlie is this true...it cannot be...you can't leave me!"
  Charlie's face showed it all.
    "Louis what he says is true; it was written in the Good Book long ago. I cannot change my destiny, but you might be able to for me. You must be strong and listen to King Kulika now, please let him finish.
  Louis was inconsolable, fright started to overtake him. 
  He lowered his head in distrust, as a tear began to run down one of his soft boyish cheeks. Mr. Beamer placed his hand across Louis's upturned palm then grasped his hand tightly as King Kulika spoke out, with volume once again.
    "Louis and all of you sitting before me now, I am sorry but this must be because this is Charlie's fate and the fate of the other Arions, and the rest of the Ancients, it will not change. Unless...unless...Louis can succeed in outwitting Petar Deegan Aden, The Giver of Darkness and outwit Hathor the Moon Goddess, the Ruler of Light Between Darkness, the Ruler of the Blue Hour in the Valley of the Kings in ancient Egypt, at the rising of the blue moon next week at the apex, of the summer solstice. Louis is our only hope now.
  As you have all noticed, the Precession of the Equinoxes has already begun. The earth's axis has started to shift already. North will soon be south, south will soon be north: all things will be upended, and found to be back to an unnatural state soon enough. The earth growls and groans as the Dark Rider Petar flies his Firebird, as we speak towards his destination with "Mehan the Serpent", the ruler of the Neither World.
  Every three thousand years good and evil face each other in this distant valley. It has happened three times since recorded time, with each of the last two times, good has triumphed. I am sure none of you sitting here remember, the Dark Times, the Time of Evil. It was a time that, darkness ruled the world, as all lived in the The Blue Hour or the Bewitching Hour between dark, and light. No living things grew; no flowers, no grasses, no birds voices could be heard singing sitting on branch or flying high above. Waters were murky and cloudy, skies shadowy and gloomy, man and beast, fish and fowls were the servants of the Neither World. And above all else nor was their love in the world we knew."
    "This cannot happen again!" shouted out a distressed Louis, "I will not let it happen!"
  King Kulika turned swiftly back towards Louis after hearing his loud proclamations.
    "I see a fire of defiance, burns in your heart, because of your love for your Charlie, it is a true love we all have for him as well, for it was he and his father with the help of Mr. Beamer, our own Tut-ankh-Amon that saved us all last time. Charlie's father gave his life on that fateful day, so long ago."
    "This revelation is new to me; why was I not told of this before?" asked an impassioned Louis.
    "Because we thought you might not take the journey with us if you truly knew the consequences of this trip, and the true dangers that lie ahead. Yes your Charlie and I may not return, if you fail or succeed, we understood that before we began our quest," said Mr. Beamer as he gripped Louis's hand even tighter in his. 
     "Then show me the light! Give me the powers I need! Give me the strength that I desire to defeat this scourge upon us now! I will stop the evil! I will stop the darkness, and I will defeat Hathor and Petar Deegan!! It will be done!!" shouted out a now more animated Louis, at the top of his thin voice. 
  Louis quickly rose to his feet, ripping the golden turban from his head. He threw it out, into the center of the room, his cobalt blue eyes shimmered in the glistening golden room. His hair was a flaming color of red; it was as red as the flames of hate burning deep in his newly awakened soul.
  Cheers erupted around the room as Louis's speech brought them all to their feet. In turn, all threw their golden turbans into the air. Catcall, whistles, and shouts were booming, but just as the roar inside the hall reached a deafening, and far-reaching sound; the earth once again shook in defiance and disobedience. 
  The voice of Petar could be heard in the rumbles and growls from deep below inside the belly of the earth. The growls were low-pitched and darkly eerie. All covered their ears until the groans subsided once again, and the shaking all but stopped. 
  Louis shouted out once again.
    "Your defeat is at hand Petar Deegan Aden Mehan the Serpent-Rider will fail as evil again, will fail to rule this earth!"
  Again, shouts of joy were heard about the room.
    "When do I begin my training King Kulika? How do I reach Shambala? I must be a High-Thinker...
    "You must find your inner peace, tranquility, and happiness, for this and only with this way of thinking inside of you, will you be able to defeat your foes" said the king as he motioned for all to move forwards towards little Louis.
    "Upon the rising of the new morning sun, you must find our "Shaman", he lives in a mystical kingdom hidden somewhere beyond the snow peaks of the Himalayas surrounding our city. It is written, and so it is. It lies inside the ancient texts of our people, and the ancient texts of the Kalachakra, of the Zhang Zhung culture, from the land once called Olmolungring," said the king.
    "How do I find this land called Olmolungring, how do I find this mystical Shaman? Again how do I reach Shambala?"
    "No one knows Louis. No one has ever been there before. The Zhang Zhung culture, and the Kalachakra teachings found inside of this culture, is your destiny and your destiny alone to discover," stated Mr. Beamer "you might be able to find the answers in the morning by reading the Book of Honorius of Thebes-The Sworn Book. We will head to our quarters tonight, and as the king said, upon the morning sun you must look for your destiny."
  The crowd closed in on Louis, which drew his breath from him. The air grew hot and stale around him, his heart began to pound in his ears, and his legs grew weak. He turned to look towards Charlie, as he grew pale in color and his eyes rolled back in his head.
    "I will defeat them I will beat this evil...I will...I will..."
  Tut-ankh-Amon caught little Louis as he directly fainted into his arms.

























~Chapter 19~
The Shaman of Shambala

A light snowfall fell throughout the night, covering the golden city of lights Kalapa, high in the Himalayan Mountains of Tibet. As the eastern sun broke over the mountainous horizon, it brought with it the healing and comforting powers of its sunbeams into Louis's room, through a lone upper window. The gold leaf covering the glass dispersed the rays, exploding them into a colorful array of shimmering lights.
  Louis knew this day would be like none other in his so very young life, for today he was to begin his final training, that is, if the stars, the moon, the heavens, and the earth would let him. He knew that the natural world and everything it, would have to accept him today, and cuddle him in its arms, for all things good were at stake in the world.
    After washing his face, from a bowl of fresh water that had been placed by his bedside, he dressed quickly then headed for secondary dining hall found at the very rear of King Kulika, mammoth golden palace. Upon reaching its entrance after a long walk down many marble hallways Louis found, Mr. Beamer having breakfast with the King, and as he slowly walked closer towards them, Louis looked out over a nearby balcony, spotting Junior and Charlie having breakfast and sunning themselves, in the lower courtyard below the dining hall. 
  Louis called out to below.
    "Good morning Charlie, good morning Junior, it's a fine day for a new adventure!"
    "Good morning Louis! That it is, that it is" called back Charlie, looking upwards.
    "Well, aren't you in a good mood Louis, after last night when you fainted, I was not so sure how you'd feel this morning" said a worried Junior.
    "You fainted last night," said the king "do you remember doing that Louis? It was just as dinner was finished."
    "I will talk to you two later, after breakfast Charlie, and don't worry I feel just fine this morning."
  Charlie nodded and Junior continued to dine on a large plate of red apples.
  Louis advanced to the end of a long table where the king and Mr. Beamer were sitting.
    "No I don't remember, are you sure, that happened? I really fainted. You know, ever since I flubbed that catch, The Catch during the championship game a few years ago, when that baseball hit me on the head, I seem to be fainting a lot, and the visions and dreams that haunt me, seem to be getting worse" said a distraught Louis, as he rubbed the top of his head. 
    "After breakfast this morning, and before your morning's reading of The Book of Honorius of Thebes-The Sworn Book I will have someone take you to our healer, the palace doctor, his name is Kamuzu," said the king as he sipped his morning sweet tea.
  A breakfast feast was for the taking this morning.
 There was a long table in the center of room filled with all the delights of a kingdom's kitchen. At the far end of the room the cities citizen were coming and going with plates in hand, filled with all manner of: fresh strange fruits, steaming oatmeal, fresh squeezed juices, tasty sweet breads, sugary delights, and egg-platters with every kind of omelets you could think of. There were hot plates of fresh cooked bacon and sausages, roasted pork, plates of freshly picked nuts and berries. 
  It was a feast for the eyes, and the stomach.
  Louis filled his plate to his heart's content then placed a fresh sweet red apple in the lower front pocket of his robe. As he found a place to sit next to Mr. Beamer, he spoke out again. 
    "I would like to see the palace doctor this morning. What was his name Doctor Kamuzu?"
    "Yes, he is our primary healer and has been for over a thousand years here. You see all that live here are very health, and live for a very long time. I am sure he will be able to help you. I will have one of our porters take you to him when you are finished with your breakfast, this morning."
  Louis did not even blink when he heard the age of the doctor. He had seen and heard so many strange things in the last few years that he just took it in stride.
     "I will directly take your advice king. Then I will take my last reading in the Good Book before I leave to find my Shambala, is that correct Mr. Beamer?"
    "Yes that is correct for today is the day, for you to start your final training. That is why we brought you here Louis; the rest is now up to you. We can really do no more," said Mr. Beamer as he finished his breakfast, only to light up his pipe. After striking a match and lighting a bowl of fresh tobacco, he reclined deeply into his chair, letting a large smoke ring drift out over the heads of all sitting at the table.
  King Kulika after finishing his breakfast as well and with a final gulp of his morning tea stood up from the table, motioning for a nearby porter to come quickly forward. A few soft words were spoken into the porter's ear by the king. The porter turned towards Louis smiled, then dutifully waited for Louis to finish his breakfast. 
  Louis spoke no more as he finished his plate of heartwarming food, he gulped down the last of his sweet tea then stood up, motioning for the porter that he was ready to leave. The porter gently led him, out of the marbled dining hall towards the healer's offices, on the other side of the grand, golden place.
  Louis was not seen for more than an hour, until he finally reappeared with the porter into the "Hall of Kings" at mid-morning. He assured all that he was just fine, and that he was just having fainting spells and nothing more. The doctor could find nothing wrong with Louis.
  All were now present for the reading of the Good Book by Louis. 
  The book was prominently displayed for all to see. The hall was filled to the brim with all the residents of the grand city, for today was the first real step in their salvation from evil.
  Junior, Charlie, Mr. Beamer, and King Kulika were standing around a long marble table in the very center of the grand hall. Louis approached the table with some trepidation in his heart. He looked Charlie square in the eye; assuring Charlie that he was really just fine, and for him not to worry about his recent fainting spells; he then looked over at Mr. Beamer, giving him a soft wink. 
  King Kulika started the proceedings.
    "All gathered here today in the Hall of Kings, thank you. For it is you and your support for our own Louis, that must be acknowledged today. For because of you and your ancestor's that have gone before you, together that is what has made this day possible. Your eternal optimism and determination, and your keeping of the ancients writing, scrolls and texts of our people, and our ways of life in this great city of Kapula, is the reason we can now turn to our new savior. 
  For evil is once again knocking on our palace walls. Petar Deegan Aden has arisen anew. He calls for his master and father once more in the form of Mehan the Serpent, the ruler of the Neither World. Our little Louis will thwart this dearth upon our world. It is written, and so shall it be."
  King Kulika turned towards Louis, extending his upward turned palm, reaching for Louis's hand, motioning for him to step forward; the crowd erupted in applause upon the ending of the great king's speech, and upon seeing Louis place his hand upon the Good Book.
  Louis gathered himself then spoke.
    "Even small children can have big dreams; I dream of a world without evil!" shouted out Louis above the roar of cheers abounding. 
    "I dream of a world devoid of bullies, hypocrites, naysayers, pundits, soothsayers, and harbingers of evil tidings. I believe in love, friendships never-ending, and families together in eternity, with universal wealth in spirit, mind, body, and soul for all. 
  Therefore, shall we dream it, and so shall it be true, for it is written. Written across my mind and written in my heart, it will come to fruition, so shall it pass. For I have the will and determination to make it so. Hathor the Moon Goddess, the ruler of light and Mehan the Serpent, the ruler of the Neither World, shall be defeated as before, let the The Book of Honorius of Thebes-The Sworn Book be opened once more, show me my way."
  As the crowd silenced and the room grew deathly still in anticipation, little Louis- Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri opened the scared book to begin his next, and most important readings. 
  Louis's hands were steady and true as he grasped the leather binding. With another gentle look at his best friend in the world and confidant, Louis mouthed the words only for Charlie to hear..."Remember that horse race you once did win, the Porterhouse Steaks". Charlie chuckled and smiled at Louis, with love in his eyes.
   Louis opened the thick cover, and as he did, blue pulsating lights emanated from deep within its depths once more, splitting the common sunlight coming in from the upper skylights above, into shards of broke hues of yellow and gold. As the strange blue lights grew in intensity and spread outwards, the Pen of Jupiter Angel Satquiel rose above the pages for all to see, then slowly descended downwards lightly touching the blank pages found in the books center. 
  King Kulika read aloud for all to hear as the words began to appear below the sharpened tip of the magically pen.  


Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri
Your day of days will soon arrive 

Go forth into the light of the new day beyond the golden Palced walls of Kalapa

Take with you only:
 Your wits to lead you
Your courage to guide 
And your
Determination to bind them

A new friendship is yours for the taking
Although trust is a must 
Be wary   

Inside of yourself is where you will find the answers that You seek 
You must become you

For deep inside the belly of the beast lies the heart of gold That will be salvation replete

You must follow your destiny
Go forth to find your Shambala

The Pen of Jupiter Angel Satquiel fell silent once more, the unnatural blue glow emanating from its core faded, as the pen lightly touched down inside of the Good Book's pages. The book closed as all in the room pondered the strange writings and heartfelt reading by their king. 
    "The belly of the beast...a heart of gold...what does that all mean Charlie?" asked a somewhat confused Louis. 
    "I do not know Louis; it is for you to find out. It is your destiny, and yours alone, but from what I can decipher of the writings, you are to leave the golden palace walls alone today to seek your enlightenment, and you must find the answers you seek alone, with the help of nothing but your own belongings, and your wits to guide you. We must get you on your way this morning."
    "Yes Louis this morning your destiny is so to speak knocking on our city walls, you must answer the sound, and move out into the world of doubt that awaits you" said the king as he motioned for all to head towards the courtyard outside.
    "I will go to my room, remove these golden robes, and gather my worldly belongings that I have brought with me, and then I will meet you all at the gates to this fair city in a few moments," said Louis as he quickly hastened towards a small door at the far end of the great Hall of Kings. 
  He disappeared quickly.
  All present spoke in hushed whispers between each other as the broad gathering of people moved farther into the vast courtyard outside, and towards the golden gates at the entrance to the magical city of Kapula.
  The sun outside was brilliant, and all encompassing in her beauty as she hung high above, over the snow covered peaks of the Himalayan Mountains, surrounding the magical city's walls. 
  Mr. Beamer reached for his golden glasses to cover the golden reflections of light beaming off the nearby golden walls, as all others in the city placed their glasses as well, over their eyes as they entered the courtyard.   
  Thousands upon thousands of Tibetans now gathered at the cities golden gates, waiting for Louis to arrive, to begin his quest for enlightenment in Shambala. They were waiting for their savior.
  Louis reached his room. 
  He disrobed, stepping out of the golden robes that were offered as a gift just a day before from the king. Lifting, the gold-leaf headdress off his head, he placed all the gifts on the goose-feathered bed in the center of the golden room. Upon finding his old, tattered backpack, he reached deep inside only to find his trusted blue baseball cap, favorite old blue jean coveralls, and white tee shirt; he grabbed his trusted walking stick. 
  Quickly getting dressed again, and feeling more like the Ol'e Louis from Centerville he threw his backpack over his thin shoulders, then directly headed for the city courtyard, where all were waiting for him. His mind was filled with a million confusing thoughts, of what might lay ahead for him. Was there another Nebuka the Terrible, Black Jack Tilly, or Growlar the Cave Bear, outside of the city walls, or even worse could Petar be waiting for him again, in the darkness or the unknown?
  Louis hung his head down in complete contemplation and deep thought, as he walked along the polished marble floors, underneath the vast marble arches that were spread out above, over his head. As he finally passed the last of the vacant hallways and rooms, and out into the grand courtyard he could not believe his eyes at what he saw next.
  It appears that the entire inhabitants of the golden city had congregated in the courtyard to see him off, on his imposing journey into the heart of doubt and uncertainty. Louis placed his golden eyeglasses over his eyes to protect them from the golden reflections drifting and scattering about the courtyard, he then moved slowly towards the golden gates at the far end of the courtyard. 
  As he walked little by little forward, all tried to touch Louis, to offer him good wishes and a safe return. A pat on the back, then another, a handshake here, then a handshake there; Louis tried to muster all the courage he could as he advanced forward, through the throngs of well-wishers. With his backpack tightly secured on his back, he finally reached the two large, glistening golden gates. 
  He turned backwards towards the city with a searching eye, looking for Charlie. He found him walking towards him directly, with Junior and King Kulika right at his hooves. Upon reaching the gates Charlie turned to face the crowd, then back towards Louis. 
  He spoke.
    "Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri, I see you have become the boy you once were. You wear the clothes of your childhood, and carry only your personal possessions. You have left the, Shield of Heracle and the Bow and Quiver of Ra, the Sun God in your room. Have you left the Compass of Nubia as well, but you have brought the Staff of Thebans, which you carry in your left hand, and as for the Bell of Amun Ra; where is that? I must have them all, for you have to go forth into the world without these magical gifts, if you are to become the Child King, that you are destined to be."
    "You are right Charlie I have reverted back to my ole' self, because that is how I deciphered the writings of the Pen of Jupiter Angel Satquiel, but again Charlie you are ever the wiser. I now offer to you the Staff of Thebans, and here is the Compass of Nubia, lastly here is the Bell of Amun Ra from off of my neck. In my backpack all I carry is the worldly possessions of my childhood, and the offerings from my past childhood friends, and from my family. Nothing more, I assure you. I will go out into the unknown with nothing more than my: wits, courage, and determination as the sacred pen has asked of me." 
    "It is done then", said King Kulika as he reached out for Louis's hand in friendship "go with god-sped, and with an honest heart to guide you. You will need nothing more to find the real you, which is all you are seeking, to seek the path of High Thinking take nothing more." 
  After stripping himself of his gifts from Mr. Beamer and Charlie, Louis pressed forward through the golden gates to the other side of the city walls. Charlie looked back at the crowd and said, "I speak for all of us Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri, take care, and come back to us safely, go become, the man you were destined to be".
    "Take care all and don't worry about me. I will not let you down, for I am... Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri...I am Louis Robert Parks; I will take my place in history. I will defeat, Hathor the Mistress of Eclipses, I will conquer Mehan the Serpent, the ruler of the Neither World, and I will stop Petra Deegan Aden, the holder of the two evil eyes, the Evil Eye of Horus Amduat and the Eye of Wedjat. I will be victorious! I shall return to you the shortly, the Precession of the Equinoxes will cease to be. So shall it be!" shouted out little Louis above the rising adulation, and screams of the crowd gathered before him.
  With this said by the ever-courageous, little Louis the splendid golden gates at the entrance to the city of Kalapa slowly closed behind him. He turned to look out at the enormous task that lay ahead of him: the mighty snow-covered, Himalayan Mountains, and the road to Shambala that stretched out ahead of him, upwards to the heavens above.
  Louis tightened up the straps of this backpack, pulled his heavy coat tighter up across his chest, and stepped forward into the unknown, all the while looking upwards at the rocky road heading into the cloud above. 
  The skies were crystal-clear and a beautiful color of azure blue. The sun danced off the snowy mountain caps. Louis could see deep rocky valleys down below in the lower valleys below Kapula. It was indeed a days of days for Louis, one that he would remember for the rest of his life.
  

  For two hours, Louis walked forward and climbed upwards. The terrain was rocky and difficult, Louis did not tarry about; he dutifully trekked forward with the singular thought in his mind, find Shambhala. 
  Higher and higher, he climbed, deep in thought, lost in his own world. Blue fogs began to form around him, as the skies began to cloud. Day diminished before him as the blue fogs grew thicker towards the tops of the mountain range. There was found an odd coldness in the air that chilled him to the bone. 
  Another hour passed, then another.
  The earth was still underneath his feet.
  Weariness finally overcame him. 
  He stopped to rest on large rocky outcropping that hung precariously over the frozen mountainside. It had been over six hours of climbing, to who knows where; he was trying to find his destiny, inside the vastness of the Himalayan Mountains, high above the earth. He never felt more alone, or an emptiness in his soul, than he did on that mountainside on that day, before.
  He slept for what seemed like an eternity.
  Louis had brought no food or water, only the meager belongings of his childhood, that were found in his backpack: a pocketknife (that Chug had given him before he left on his journey), there was his trusted slingshot, a handful of wood stick matches and a small ball of the Heaven's Heart healing balm. That Black Elk had given to him in the Boreal Forest.
  A few hours later, he slowly awoke. 
  He rubbed the days travel from his eyes; he then slowly stretched out his arms and legs. He sat up on the large rock, to scan his surroundings one more time before deciding what to do next.
  What lay before him was: 
  There was only nothingness.
  There was only him and the mountain.
  There was nothing more, and nothing less.
  As Louis let his mind, grow blank: his mind began to fill.
  Thoughts of nothing more...thoughts of nothing less...filled his soul and heart.
  In his mind's eye, he saw all...then all disappeared...as quickly as it had appeared. 
  Was his mind playing tricks on him?
  Was this his destiny? Had he found his Shambala?
  Louis sat with his back against the mountain, lost in a world that was his own. There were no interruptions, no distractions, only non-events. He only heard the soft, inviting sounds of the cool Tibetan air, streaming into his ears.
  It was deathly silent; and the silence was golden. 
  The silence calmed his beating heart: it calmed his nerve-endings; quelling his thought processes. 
  He leisurely closed his eyes. 
  He fell into a magical whirlpool, a deep somnolent and dozy sleep was his for the first time in his young life.
  Was he really sleeping, was he in a dream-state?
  Was he having lucid dreams, was he actually awake.
   Louis's soul drifted out of his body, only to rise outwards and upwards, above him. He could see his sleeping body below him. He circled about for a few moments; freedom was his at last. 
  Just then, a large gust of air engulfed his natural body, sending him rolling to his left, awakening him as he gently moved. As Louis opened his eyes once more, an epiphany came to him. Pure thought came to him, in the form of an answer to his questions.
  The blue fogs that had been surrounding him grew even thicker, and denser as the cool winds once again stirred about him. He leaned forward, squinted his eyes a bit, to narrow his vision.
  There it was...Shambala!
  A diminutive and very old man, dressed in pristine white robes was sitting before him on a large flat rock. His thin legs were crossed in front of him, his arms and hands were hanging loosely at his sides. His head was hung low, and he was chanting to himself, in a deep melodic voice.
  Oh...ah...mmm...Oh...ah...ammm...Oh...ah...ammm...emanated from deep within his throat.
  Over and over, it could be heard.
  Oh...ah...mmm...Oh...ah...ammm...Oh...ah...ammm...
  Louis with a bit of trepidation in his steps slowly approached the very aged and wise looking man.
    "Excuse me sir...is...is...this...Shambhala...?"
  Before Louis could finish his sentence, the very small, dwarfish man awoke from his trance, raised his head, and then looked Louis squarely in his eyes with his one lone eye that was fixated in the center of his flat, wrinkled, sunburned forehead.
  Louis caught sight of the monstrosity. His first thought was to scream out then run at the sight of its hideousness, but his legs did not cooperate with his mind. 
    "Run Louis...!" 
    "Run...!" his mind screamed out.
  Louis took a few tepid steps closer, staring intently, straight ahead into the lone, large orb of the small stranger. 
  The eye blinked once. 
  The Loner spoke out in a soft, warm, friendly tone.
    "This could be your Shambala, if you are wise enough to realize it, embrace it, cherish it, and relish in it...Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri.
    "You know my name?" asked a still enraptured, enthralled, and horrified Louis. 
    "You are The Seeker. You are The Servant of Good. You are here to seek out the answers to the questions that stir your troubled mind. You are the Chosen One and, you are The "Deliverer. Am I not correct?"  
    "So I have been told; so it has been written."
    "But do you believe, all that you are said to be?"
    "I do not know the answer to that question yet. My training is not complete, that is why I seek your advice".
  The lone pulsating eyeball, sitting squarely in the old man's forehead, went still. The old man took another long, slow blink; lubricating the "Seeing Eye of Providence".
    "What is your name?" asked a now seemly more calm Louis, after hearing the soft soothing voice of the stranger, sitting amongst the soft clouds, and blue fogs of the mountaintop.
    "I am the Lord of Shambala...The Regent of the Earth, of Humanity and the Head of the Spiritual Hierarchy of Earth...for I am Sanat Kumara.
    "Wow that's a lot of names. I got a few myself; Louis the Red, Louis the White, Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri, The Chosen One, The Renown Flubber of Catches, but I like the ones you gave me to, The Deliverer and the The Seeker...The Servant of Good. They just keep adding up. Can we get back down to business here? All these formalities and names are getting to be a bit much. I've got a world to save, and time is of the real meaning. So you are the one I seek?"
    "Yes I am the one. I am the Advanced Being; I am at the tenth level of initiation. I am the holder, and wearer of the The Seeing Eye of Providence. I alone control its protective powers. What is the question, you seek an answer for?"
    "Good, enough of the rigmarole, and doublespeak. I have two questions to ask you, Mr. Advanced Being. You see evil is about to rise up again and cover the earth in darkness, four of my best friends, one is my girlfriend, are in grave danger and the rest of the world is depending on me. You see the earth is going to shift on its axis, and throw the world into darkness for eternity, plus I have to get to Egypt in a few days, so can we get down to business now."
     "What is the question, you seek an answer for?"
     "Here goes; can you train me to be a High-Thinker? I need to be enlightened, in Shambala to be able to fight evil, and save the world. That is what everyone has told me, that is, what the Good Book; The Book of Thoth said, the Pen of Jupiter Angel Satquiel, a magical pen from the "Ancient Times", wrote it.
    "I know of those writings and that pen, but only you know the answers you seek, it has already been written. It is for you to find those answers, only you and you alone. Only you can truly find the answers you seek, remember your pen writes the future as our own scared pens do. I can only show you the way to your destiny, to the way of your truth."
    "It is all so confusing, but I will trust you Sanat Kumara. Show me the way to my destiny, let my training begin" said Louis as he raised his hand (palms upturned) towards the heavens above.
    "So it begins then. Embrace it..."
  As these last words passed over the lips of Sanat Kumara, the thick blue fogs and clouds opened up below Louis's feet. 
  He was perched on the edge of eternity.
  He was perched over all humanity below.
  Louis was hovering above the earth.
  Louis looked down into the opening in the clouds, only to see the golden city of Kalapa shimmering in all her splendor below his feet. Just as he looked back up, towards Sanat Kumara, he fell. 
  He spiraled and tumbled downwards, with the swiftness of a skipping rock over a still lake. A stumble here, a toppling there plunging and plummeting he went, bumping clouds, fogs, and air pockets along the way. 
  Louis screamed out in terror, inside of his misfortune.
    "Charlie!!"
    "Charlie...help!!" 
    "Help...." he shouted out time and again, as he descended towards the earth.
  Just then, a large feathery shadow crossed his face. A deep whiney was heard, as Charlie flew across his fall downwards.
    "Charlie I am falling, help me...help me...again shouted out a horrified Louis.
  As Louis neared the earth closer and closer, he could see the great courtyard in the center of the city, coming into view. Just as he passed over the tops of the golden walls to the city, Charlie bit down on the nape of Louis coat collar. Two mighty flaps of his outstretched, wings and both Louis and Charlie, lightly touched down on the hardened ground in the center of the courtyard. 
  Disaster had been diverted; or had it?
  Louis let out a great sigh of relief, upon coming to a soft landing back inside the salvation of the great city. Seeing that he was alive, and no harm had come to him, he turned to speak to Charlie, who was ruffling his wings nearby.  
    "Boy that was close Charlie. How can I thank you enough?"
  Just as Charlie was beginning to speak, the ground began to open up: swallowing Louis whole. Louis began to disappear from sight right before, Charlie's disbelieving eyes.
    "Louis...no!" screamed out Charlie as Louis, started to disappear into the deep, dark abyss.
    "Charlie, save me!" screamed out little Louis as the unforgiving earth quickly closed over his head.
  All in the courtyard who had just witnessed the miracle of his salvation, from his fall from grace, were mortified at his decent into darkness, into the unknowing and unforgiving, of the world below their feet, into the "Neither World".
   
     
























~Chapter 20~
The Neither World

  Louis continued his hapless fall through the rabbit hole into the deep, dank, dark world of Mehan the Serpent. There was no life giving sunlight to be seen, only a soft Under-World light radiating from far below, at the far end of the small tunnel.  
  The walls of the shaft were smooth and slippery, the rock felt cold to the touch, as Louis frantically tried to prevent, his decent into the bleak abyss. He could not slow his fall. Louis screamed out again, in a high-pitched wail, for Charlie, but to no avail. 
  It was all for not as Louis's fall slowed; he finally reached the bottom of the shaft. He rolled to his left side upon reaching the bottom of the tunnel, sending his backpack rolling off to his right side.
  Louis's eyes were as wide as an owls, as he tried to peer into the dim light that surrounded him. His senses were engulfed with fear. His hands slowly trembled, his eyesight quickly sharpened, his ears struggled to listen, his tongue licked at the foul air weighing down his spirits. 
  The foul smell of sodium, coal, and sulfur was in the air.
  His eyes slowly became accustomed to the peculiar light in the cave, as they did he altogether realized his full predicament. He found himself inside the depths of a cavernous cave. Looking upwards, the roof could not be seen, it was just too high. He looked to his left, then his right. Stalagmites and stalactites in multiple colors were everywhere. The sharp rocks above, and below him were the colors of off-whites, rust colors, light and dark blacks, and odd color grey's, most likely colored and covered with bat, or rats droppings, or droppings of other beast that lurk inside of the deep grotto. 
  The first thing Louis thought upon tasting the foul smell in his mouth, then seeing the droppings was jumping rats. "Anything but jumping rats...anything...but that...," thought a horrified Louis. On the other hand, what else could be here in the dark with him. As his eyes continued to adjust to the light, Louis looked deeper into the darkness surrounding him. 
  Something strange caught his attention. 
  He saw an abnormal reflection bouncing off one distant wall; the colors were a little different than, the others inside of the peculiar cave. He moved ahead towards his backpack, slung it back across shoulders, taking a tentative step forwards. As he pressed onward, his ears recognized a familiar sound: the sounds of dripping water.
  The going was rough. The rock cave had many, sharp and dangerous rocks to traverse over or around. To Louis's surprise, he found what appeared to be a walking trail. Below his feet, the path was now smooth, and found to be well worn. 
  This alarmed Louis.
  What strange, otherworldly beast or wild animals dwell in this "Under-World", thought Louis.     
  After a few more tense moments passed Louis, came upon what had piqued his interest only moments before. It was a slow-moving, shallow stream of black water, flowing southwards. The water looked uninviting and devilish. Louis dared not to taste it. The reflections that he had seen before were, the reflections off the brooding waters reflecting off the rocky walls above.
  He paused again, looked to his left, then to his right, realizing that the only path to take was, to follow the shallow stream, and stay on the well-worn path. Water was now dripping off the ceiling, above his head. 
  The farther he walked downwards, and forwards, deeper into the rock cave, the wider the steam became. Tributaries of water joined into the main stream, and as the elevation dropped (the further Louis walked), the faster the black, brackish waters flowed. 
  Black sand and mud was now below his feet, which slowed his pace. Louis was now drenched from head to toe, from the dripping water assailing him from above. He was cold, and becoming more tired the further he walked; but he could not stay where he was. 
  He was lost, alone, weary, cold and wet.
  He resolutely decided that he had to rest. 
  After walking for the better part of three hours, Louis could not go any further. He found a larger rock overhanging the pathway; it offered him shelter from the water dripping from above, also giving him shelter from the bitter, icy winds circling and gusting about inside of the outsized crevasses. 
  Louis reached into a side-pocket of his backpack to find the matches in his dry-pack. He struck one, which lit up his hiding place. He held the match high above his head. He noticed a medium-sized bush about a hundred yards away, rooted at the edge of the nearby black-watered stream. The match found the quick of his fingernail; he shook the match out, quickly taking his bearings again. 
  Firewood, he thought. He alighted from the safety of the overhanging rock, heading directly towards the bush. As he reached the far side of the cave, the bush became more visible. It was a strange, reddish color with thick roots at the base. It was perfectly round, which Louis found odd, as if it was being trimmed regularly. There were lengthy thorns jetting out from its thick branches that were about three inches long, they appeared to be razor sharp, and barbed. Even more strange, was that there were inviting and very ripe looking blueberries, found hanging throughout the branches. 
  Louis thought better of eating one, but he did need the firewood. Hunger pangs were creeping up on him. He was deathly cold.
  Louis reached deep into his front pants pocket finding Chug's gift to him before he had left on his trip, he slowly produced a small, thin pocketknife. Louis exposed the blade, grabbed one branch in his off-hand, and started to cut into the wood.
    "I would not do that...," said a meager, soft voice, coming from the center of the bush.  
  It was too late. 
  As Louis cut into the branch, heard was a loud moan, coming up from its roots. Two larger branches encircled then attached themselves to Louis' ankles. Louis screamed out in alarm, over all that had just happened. He heard the ominous, and deep moaning voice again, then felt the stinging bites of the thorns as they entered his flesh. He reached down in his agony, only to feel warm blood, dripping over his socks. 
    "Who said that...who is there?" shouted out a horrified and stunned Louis. Just as Louis shouted out, a loud noise was heard at the far end of the vast cave: two heavy footsteps.
    "I would keep your voice down. You are drawing attention to us both. We do not need that. There are strange unearthly things that live in the dark here; things that go bump in the night."
  Louis tried to look into the bush, the best he could, but it was so dense and the cave light was so dim.
  The thick footsteps grew louder. 
  Louis turned to look towards the alarming sounds. 
  The soft voice inside of the unnatural bush, spoke out again.
    "Cut the bush again. You must hide. You will be found out; the footsteps grow louder as we speak."
  A large and very unpromising figure started to appear into the muted light of the cave. The cave winds ceased to swirl, and the sounds of dripping water around him, seemed to diminish. Louis's hearing heightened, as his eyes strained to see the appearing figure, in the dark. 
  Louis's mind tried to fathom all that was happening to him. 
  Should he take the advice of the stranger's, soft, comforting voice and cut the bush thus sending him into an inescapable situation, with the bush tightening its grip on him, but surely hiding him from the impending danger, or should he stay out in the dim light of the cave, only to be stumbled upon by the advancing beastly figure. What if the stranger pressing forwards on him was friendly; he would not need the safety of a hiding place? Then the growing evil bush would be his demise.
  More thick footsteps, only closer this time, the figure started to come into full view. 
    "It is still, not too late. For he will find us both if you do not cut the branch again, blind trust, is what I am asking of you, to save us both. It is the only way to your and my salvation."
    Louis tried again to look deep into the bush; he could see nothing.
  Was the ghastly bush speaking to him, or was it a creature inside; he could not tell. Just at the last moment, he turned back towards the threatening, and horrifying figure that was now only, not more than fifty yards away from him. All Louis could see in the diffused light of the cave was a larger than life outline of an outsized, very hairy creature. It had thick, broad arms, solid stumpy legs, a broad barreled chest, and an elongated, bulbous head, covered in thick matted brown hair. It was carrying a massive knotted wooden club in one hand.
  It was a Cave Troll.
  Louis shuddered where he stood.
  He had no choice; he had to trust himself and the decisions that he makes...show courage and determination. His last reading of the Good Book and the writings of the Pen of Jupiter Angel Satquiel had foretold:     


A newfound friendship is yours for the taking
Trust is a must

Was this that newfound friend that had been written about earlier? 
  Louis could not reason correctly. 
  He cut the bush, once again.
  His silhouette vanished into the entangling bush once more. It surrounded him, the vines and thorns cut deep into his legs and ankles, engulfing him in a flash. He disappeared from view, into the heart of the bush.
  Agony, real pain, and fear gripped him once again. 
  A small pool of warm blood, pooled at his feet. 
  The cave troll hesitated by the bush; he glanced downwards, sniffing the moist, humid air. His nostrils flared as he leaned in closer and slobbered. The mucus fell from his engorged, black lips, splitting the branches below, moving them about. 
  Louis was covered from head-to-toe in a warm gooey slime. 
  He was frozen steadfast in place.
  Louis quaked in fear. 
  He did not make a sound.
  Louis's breath was controlled and shallow. 
  The cave troll mumbled something underneath his breath that was indiscernible, wiped his craggy mouth with his dirty, tattered sleeve, then proceeded into the bowls of the vast cave, following the black stream as it meandered along.
  Danger had been diverted for the moment. 
    "His name is George...George the Cave Troll," offered up the voice.
  Louis gulped once. 
  He stopped shaking only long enough, to realize that he was bleeding from his arms and legs, he dropped Chug's pocketknife to the ground. The bush retreated; the piercing thorns and vines released their grip. He now found himself under the canopy of thorns and blueberries hanging about. He was still entombed but not under attack from the bush, as before. The black stream ran under the bush feeding its thick, gnarled roots.    
    "He patrols this cave on a regular basis. He is the warden, the keeper or whatever you want to call him."
    "Is he friendly?"
    "Can be if he has been well-fed, lately".
    "Has he?"
    "Don't know. I can only guess, but you and I are still alive."
    "Then you are...a...ah..." Louis fumbled in his thought; he could not see a figure in the thicket, he could only hear a voice "are you a creature of the dark...of the Neither World...then?"
    "I am a thief".
  Louis thought he had made the right decision to go into hiding, he trusted his inner instincts. 
  He was still alive, only by the slimmest of margins.
    "I am not a resident of this foul cave, or this unclean world, I have been punished and sent here. You see I am a burglar, a common pickpocket and bandit. I was caught; this is my destiny now to live inside of the eternal Blue Hour, in the inner sanctum of the Under-World."
    "Who caught you? Who sent you here?" 
  Louis scanned the faint blue light inside of the bush. A movement finally caught his attention at the far, backside of the thicket. There was a small figure sitting on a rock, overhanging the black stream. His toes were splashing in the dark foreboding waters. He was eating the unnatural blueberries off a nearby thorn-covered vine. His hands appeared to be furry, and he had two oversized ears at the top of his head.
  Louis narrowed his eyes once more in an attempt to clarify his vision.
    "I can see you...I think...are you sitting on a rock, not more than fifty paces in front of me, eating?"
    "That is I...I the thief...hide your vegetables, if you have any".
    Louis thought that an odd thing to say.
    "Why would I hide my vegetables?"
    "Because that is what I steal mostly."
  A tentative few small steps were taken by Louis towards the far side of the thicket, around a very large group of roots, found at the center of their prison. The blue fogs swirled about his feet, the cave troll drool, dripped from his body.
  As Louis approached, the figure jumped to his feet, swallowing the rest of his lunch.
    "They really are not that bad once you get a taste of them. They turned my stomach the first few times but..."
    "Your voice sounds very familiar...and...and...are you...?"
    "Yes I am the same..."
    "Digger!"
    "Louis...I thought that was you" said the undersized rabbit.
    "What are you doing here in this horrible place...? I have not seen you for so long. Last time was during Thanksgiving last year. You stole most of the vegetables for our holiday meal from Mr. Beamer's garden. Is that when you got caught?"
    "Why yes. I went back to my rabbit hole with my booty, only to be pulled by my furry feet, deep into the abyss. George the Cave Troll had grabbed me...and here I am...and have been, for the longest time."
    "It was written in the Good Book of Thebes that I would...that I would make a new friendship and have, to trust inside of that friendship...for my salvation. Are you that friend, Digger? You see I am on a quest to find Shambala; to become a High-Thinker."
    "I don't know about all that, but if you need a friend, I can be that friend. You see I dwell alone in the dark and have been captured, as you are now but you see, you made the choice to enter into this thorn-filled prison; I did not."
    "Yes I did. I could have run. I could have been free to fight the cave troll. I might have bested him. After all, I have already bested a hungry ancient cave bear. And what is the difference between him and a cave troll? But I trusted you, so therefore you are now my friend."
    "Trust is a tricky word. I am a trickster remember, I am a thief. I will steal whatever I can to better myself; I have a dark side to me."
    "But since you agreed to be my friend you would not steal from me, nor mislead me, because real friends will not do that to each other."
    "You are right Louis. I knew who you were in Centerville, and I knew that you tended Mr. Beamer's garden, so I did in an off-hand way steal from you as well, but since we just agreed to be friends, I will not steal from you again. I have learned my lesson by way of my imprisonment in this evil thicket."
    "Then how can we be free from this prison? You seem to know the answers to my questions," said a perplexed Louis as he placed a forefinger to the side of his nose.
    "I do not know that answer, to that question or I, like you would not be entombed as we speak. I would be living in the light of the day, and back on Mr. Beamer's farm. If you are to be a High-Thinker then you have to think, and solve that question yourself."
     "You're right Digger...let me think...then."
  Digger started to circle Louis with his large fluffy ears, hanging to his sides. He placed a finger upon his nose as Louis had, in a slightly mocking gesture that was fleeting to Louis.
  Circling counterclockwise in small circles both, were lost in deep thought.
    "Maybe when I fell from the clouds into this hole, I lost my chance for my enlightenment. Maybe the test, or my one chance for enlightenment has already been lost, and this is my punishment for failure."
    "That could be."
    "But maybe there is more to this than meets the eye. I must do something..."
    "And what is that?"
   "High-Thinkers" must...must...think..."
  Just as Louis spoke out another loud thump came from the far side of the cave. 
    "Quiet...for we are not alone, once more" queried a worried Digger.
  Both immediately ran for the cover of the large roots in the center of the thicket as another large figure, stirred the blue fogs of the cave, splitting in two, the faint blue lights with his massive shadow.
  The shadows grew nearer as Digger quietly spoke out.  
    "A Centaur and an Ogre" said the frightened thief, "It is Harry the Centaur and Olly the Ogre. They are heading in the direction of George the Cave Troll. He calls them...he does..."
    "Who calls them Digger?" inquired a frightened, whispering Louis.
    "Petar...the Dark Haired One...The Black Fire..."
  As Olly and Harry ambled down the trail along the black stream, they mumbled between themselves, they did not notice the two prisoners below their feet, trapped in their thorny cell.
  Louis overheard a few impassioned words, as they passed by.
    "Dragon the Dragon, will he be there as well?" asked Olly, in a low gravelly voice.
    "Yes, so will George the Cave Troll. Growlar and Broadfoot, the twin cave bears were to come, but they both were murdered within the last few years. Paragus knows of the killers; he will have his revenge during the rising of the dark moon at the summer solstice in a few days. All are being called from the darkness of the Under-World, to rise up once again."
  Louis and Digger shrunk in fear as the great beasts, slowly ambled pass. 
  Both prisoners mumbled sighs of relief, as death slowly passed them by, once more. 
 Digger turned towards Louis and again, spoke in a shaky voice.
    "Paragus is a Minotaur...he helps rule the Neither World."
    "He is Petar's father...is he not?" asked Louis.
    "No, he is just a servant of the Dark Lord; Petar's father is a serpent who rules the Neither World."
    "Are you sure Digger? How do you know all of this?"
    "I have been trapped in the Neither World for months now dining on these awful blue berries, and drinking this fouled water. It appears that this is the central trail, where all the things that menace in the night traverse. I have overheard their conversations on many occasions from my hiding place, from inside of my prison. It appears that, Petar's father has grown in evil power over the years, during his dwelling in the Neither World; he has grown more powerful than ever, and has now evolved and transmogrified into an underworld, going against nature beast."
  Louis stood up a little taller, taking a deep breath of conviction.
    "I now know my true destiny, if I can only escape from my present reformatory. If what you say is true, then I am to face Petar Aden Deegan's father...this serpent, in the half-light of the next dark moon's passing."
    "You are the Chosen One then?" asked a very confused Digger.
    "Yes it truly appears so, from what I have been told. You see this is my quest, this is my training, to becoming enlightened and save the world, but I have failed. I find myself trapped inside of this Blue Hour darkness with no means to escape now. As all the dark creatures of the night are gathering in the nothingness, in the darkness, I am helpless to help."
  Both looked at each other for comfort, but none could be found. 
  Both now sat upon a large root at the base of the black stream. Louis was ever so hungry but he dared not to eat a blueberry, or drink from the unearthly dark waters. This would only make him sick, he knew it. He had to deny himself the obvious if he were to survive. He was wet, cold, hungry, and alone in the dark with a thief; he now calls friend. 
  His only friend in the world, it appeared.
  He tried his best to think of comforting thoughts: about Centerville, his Molly, Chug, thoughts about his loving mother, and prideful father. 
  He had failed them. 
  Maybe he was not the Chosen One after all. 
  Doubts grew in his mind and heart, once again. 
  Louis's cobalt blue eyes shone brightly in the dim blue, unearthly lights of the cave when a stunning revelation entered his mind:  he had left two of the three sweet rolls that Elwood Booker The Farmer, Horus the Elder, had given him. There were three. One had been offered to Harpeia and her sisters. Two were left, to be used later (according to Charlie's plan), but Louis was too weak of mind to think about that now, too unsure in his thoughts, just too hungry. 
  He reached into his backpack in a flurry, finding the sugary delight right where he had stored them, only a week before. As they appeared in the soft light, out of the bag, Digger's eyes lit up; he licked his blueberry blue colored lips, with his blue berried blue, colored tongue. 
    "What are those two delectable looking things, Louis?"
    "They are a gift from a friend."
  A cunning smile came across Diggers face, as his mannerisms changed to that of a thief again: which Louis did not notice due to his constant hunger.
    "As you can see I am most thin right now. Downright skinny, do you not agree? Rabbits should not be this skinny. Could an undernourished and very skeletal looking rabbit, who is your new best friend, have those to eat? Remember it is better to give than receive. You would be re-gifting to a friend in need." 
  Digger smiled inside of his cleverness.
  Louis paused to think.
    "But I am so hungry, and you can eat these here blueberries, from our prison walls. I cannot. They will make me sick. I will surely die before you if, I give you my only nourishment left, and these are special delights."
    "But I am your friend."
    "It is bad enough that I even think of eating these sweet rolls. I will get in trouble with Mr. Beamer, and Charlie if I do. They are a part of a greater plan, that I am not quite sure of yet but you are my friend, and I do not want to see you suffer. Oh, what shall I do?"
    "Well I am smaller than you, so I cannot forcefully take them from you. I am not very menacing, so I cannot scare them from you, and I am surely not any smarter than you are, because we are both trapped due to our stupidity, and lack of common sense, to be in this predicament in the first place. You will have to decide by yourself," said Digger, once again smiling at his cunningness.
  Digger sucked in his belly.
  Louis looked at Digger's ribs showing through his fur then looked at his thin arms and forlorn face.
  Digger let his two furry ears droop even lower, down the sides of his face; his two lovely brown disarming eyes, hollowed.
  Louis concluded his thinking, finally coming to a natural conclusion.
    "We are stuck in the Under-Dark world, of these caverns and subterranean tunnels of the Neither World, with no chance of escape. 
  None... 
  Now, if I cut the branches of this thicket with my pocketknife again, the branches will once again, tighten around my legs and arms, and the thorns will cut deep into my flesh. I will die in this going against nature lit world, filled with twisted, bad-tempered beasts. You will live longer than I will, because you can survive on the blueberries and dark water, I cannot. However, you are right it is better to give than receive, so I will share with you, even when it will shorten my own natural life. Here take them both, and enjoy them friend."
  Digger rubbed both of his furry hands together, and then reached for the sweet rolls. He relished in their taste. Four quick bites and they were gone.
  Louis smiled friendly at Digger, "You would have done the same for me; I know it because you are my friend as well!"
  There was a rustling inside of the thicket, which alarmed Louis and Digger. Louis jumped upon another large, thick root found nearby. It diminished and started to retreat, into the earth below Louis's feet. 
    "It retracts. The bush is thinning!" yelled out an excited Digger "freedom will be ours!"
    "Wha-t the heck...?"
  The thicket (after a few more moments), disappeared from view, totally swallowed by the black dirt below their feet, only one white, lone delicate flower could now be seen in its place.
     "I don't understand Digger. What happened...why are we free from the grasp of this strange evil?"
    "I think I understand Louis. You did a selfless act. You placed me before yourself. You performed an act of, High-Thinking...a complete act of selflessness. Your training is complete. You are enlightened at last."
  Just as Digger's proclamation was finished, a ray of warm sunshine appeared over their heads. It grew wider and brighter. A cool gust of fresh air surrounded them, brightening their sprits. Looking upwards, Louis took in a long, deep breath, filling his small lungs to their capacity with fresh Tibetan air. 
  Louis took one of Digger's hands in his, grabbed his backpack, flinging it over his shoulders, and they were away towards the life giving sunshine. Climbing up, the sides of the cavern and out through the rabbit tunnel they went. Louis started to whistle, as Digger started to thump his toes, in a musical fashion after every other hop. 
  Appearing into the warmhearted sunlight after a long climb, both hugged each other when they reached the safety, of the ending of the tunnel. 
    "I owe you a favor Louis, you saved my life. Whatever you need, you just ask, I now promise as before, to call you friend and not steal from you in the future." 
    "Will you come with me on my quest then? You have keen eyesight, you are a natural born thief who may come in handy in the future, and yes you do owe me a favor that I will hold you to."
    "Yes I will come with you, plus I know a few things about the Under-World and a few things about the peculiar beasts that lurk there. I might come in handy after all," said Digger as he hopped onto Louis's thin shoulders.
  As Digger did this Louis looked down only to see, the white flower (from the prison thicket), held in his left hand.
  The ground closed up behind them; the dark gate to the Neither World was gone from sight. Just as they turned around to scan the horizon, and gain their bearings, Louis looked up to see a delirious sight: Charlie's considerable outstretched white wings, fluttering, high above him.  





























~Chapter 21~
The Return to Egypt

      "My Louis, you have returned from the dead, now you are un-dead."
    "I have...?"
    "It is you...my good friend!"
    "Yes it is...I...my friend, good to see you as well...my Charlie!"
    "You were gone three days, lost in the Under-World. Have you been injured?"
    "I could not tell how long I was gone Charlie, there was neither day nor night. Only the bizarre, dim blue lights and fogs, of the Blue Hour."
    "You were dragged into the Underdark World below our feet, right in front of me. I could not help you Louis. I was so scared."
    "I am alive and well now Charlie, don't fear. I have only a few scratches on my arms and legs, nothing more. Digger my newly anointed friend saved me. He offered me advice and deliverance, inside of his knowledge of the Neither World. I trusted him as the writings professed earlier from the Sworn Book. I followed my instincts and survived the Underdark World of not natural beasts and dark-souls."
    "I only offered my hand, and sound advice to a friend in need; I am glad he wisely accepted it" said Digger as he wrapped his furry ears around Louis's neck, giving him a heartfelt hug, "I will go with him on his quest, till the end."
    "Good Digger. I will call you friend as well. We can use all the help we can get, but we must leave as soon as possible. While you were in the Neither World, I have heard from some of my flying friends from the eastern deserts. Petar has been seen heading eastwards towards Egypt, flying on the back of Rukh the Firebird He is the Turbulent Flame, a harbinger of the dark, who now takes Petar to the Valley of the Kings, to raise the dead, to raise his father and the Minotaur Paragus".
    "Who is this mischievous beast that flies?" asked an inquisitive Digger.
    "The firebird, he is described as a brightly glowing majestic bird that has red, orange, and yellow light, like a bonfire, it glows incessantly. He shoots fire from his mouth, and if a feather is removed from his plumage, it will eternally glow. He is mean-spirited, very distasteful, and most odious."
    "He sounds terrifying Charlie," said the meek Digger
    "He is a perfect fit for Petar. Petar must have raised him from the Neither World, from his readings out of the Book of Aka Manah he gains knowledge, and strength with each page he reads. He is evolving, and his powers are growing daily. This is besides the powers he wields, with of the two evil eyes now in his possession" said Charlie.
     "It just gets worse every day Charlie; if this is true then we must fly out immediately towards Egypt, even if I have not completed my training. I do not know if I am a High-Thinker or enlightened, or not but I did survive the tunnels, and caverns of the Dark-World, so this must mean something."
    "Then we leave immediately towards the Middle Kingdom of ancient Egypt, back to my birthplace. Mr. Beamer is packed and ready as we speak, for we have been waiting your return Louis. You see we knew you would come back to us. It is written."
  
  A new friend joined the band of travelers. 
  Digger was welcomed by all; although he was diminutive in stature, with a criminal past, his valuable knowledge of the Under-World and his keen sight in the darkness, might come in handy in the near future. Digger was to hitch a ride upon Junior's back, tucked inside of Louis's coat.
  There was no time to celebrate Louis's victorious return to the living world, found inside of the life giving sunlight. There would be time later to tell of his harrowing adventures below. 
  The City of Kapula and King Kulika gathered around, as the last supplies were once again, stored in the saddlebags belonging to Charlie and Junior, as they prepared for their departure to their last and final destination: The desert fires of the Sahara...The Great Desert, now loomed in their future.
    "Good luck on your final quest" said King Kulika "did you find your Shambala; did you find The Eye of Providence, the all-seeing eye of the supernatural being, Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri?" 
    "I did meet Sanat Kumara, the Shaman who dwells in the clouds, and yes he did have the Seeing Eye but to my surprise, he sent me to the Neither World, to my demise and possible rebirth, so I am not sure if this was my true destiny, if it was my true future. I only trusted in fate, nothing more or less."
    "You are a live Louis. No one man or beast, or animal with good in their heart, has ever seen the Neither World, and survived to tell the story. It must be providence that guides you to your future quest therefore you must be on the right path to complete good. Your training must be absolute. Go to Egypt, go to Giza, to the pyramid of Khufu, and meet your written fate."
  Louis took the king's words about good to heart: immediately thinking about Digger, with being a thief and all, and surviving the Under-Dark. It was a passing thought, no more, his mind was too clouded in the moment to give it any more mind for now.   
  Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri, Tut-ankh-Amon, Aswan, Digger, and Junior turned to face the city's golden robed residents. Aswan the White gave a stately bow as Mr. Beamer climbed aboard. Junior in turn stooped over; with Louis now on his back, and Digger safely secured under his chain mail coat. 
  Louis guided Junior towards the center of the great square where they had landed only four days ago. Louis carried the Bow and Quiver of Ra, the Sun God and the silver Shield of Heracles across his back, had the Staff of Thebans tightly held in his left hand; once again now owning the brave heart of a proud Child-King deep within his chest.
  The travelers took to flight once again.
  Lifting off the ground in an excited fashion brought the Kapulian's to gather below them. Both majestic horses circled about, low overhead for a few moments to gaze upon the magnificent, golden city, and her majestic residents one last time. Louis pulled on Junior's right leather rein, directing Junior towards a heading eastward, towards the Fire Desert.
  Mr. Beamer spoke out as they rose higher and higher, into the Himalayan sky.
    "The Compass of Nubia will guide us safely to the east. The powerful Magic Bell of Amun-Ra will give us strength with courage, and Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri, will lead us to victory over the malevolence of the Minotaur, Paragus, his evil dominions, and his dark servant Mehan the Serpent, the Dark Serpent. We shall be victorious!!" cried out Tut-ankh-Amon at the top of his voice.
  The joyous echoes of the jubilant crowds faltered and fell away from their ears as they climbed ever higher and higher, into the thin cool air that hung over the golden city. Reaching the higher climbs, and back into the upper reaches above the earth, over the Himalayan Mountains; they headed due east. Looking backwards, the golden city slowly faded from sight, but the memories made there...never would.
  

  Louis was locked a tight tuck position, in behind Junior's forelocks and broad neck, shifting his knees up under his soft feathers. Digger peered out of the steely chain mail of Louis's coat, being sure to keep his long furry ears placed across Louis's chest, to keep him warm. 
  Digger's eyes said it all. 
  Digger had never flown before, and had never been off the ground more than a few feet: the distance of a hop; for he was a ground dweller. His abode and common life consisted of mostly living underground, being a rabbit and all.
  Exhilaration was his.
  They glided and sashayed back and forth, with each great downward stroke of the two Pegasus's widely spread, feathered wings; they flew onwards with great confidence once again. 
  Grand cumulous clouds parted willingly as they traversed through them. The warm summer winds blew steadily beneath their wings, lifting them in spirit and height towards the heavens above. All living in the natural world was their friends on this day. 
  After reaching the highest promising height possible to sustain an effortless flight, Charlie pulled back in his exertion (showing Junior in the process), how to move smoothly and slide along correctly, to be one with the summer winds. A lesson Junior was quick to become skilled at and remember. He was a speedy study and an easy learner; a skill that all Pegasus's are innately born with.
  It was a clear, warm mid-morning. There was limited movement of wind and tides, above and below them, or surrounding them. It was if the earth in its complete and natural world was helping them along in their genuine quest. All good in the world was in cooperation that day which Mr. Beamer was quick to pick upon.
    "It is indeed a lovely day. I wish all days were this beautiful Charlie. I hope that in our near future, all of the world and their inhabitants see more days like this one. If we are successful in our quest, it will be so.
    "It will be Mr. Beamer, there will be more days like this, if I have anything to do with it" said a resolved Louis.
  Junior nodded and Digger thumped his feet a few times, inside of Louis's jacket, which tickled Louis. 
  Mr. Beamer strained an eye towards Louis and Digger then with reflection in his voice, he began to have a word. 
    "You look very familiar to me my furry friend. Have we met before?"
    "No I don't think so" said a now bothered Digger "I am not sure if I recognize you or not, and I would know your name if we had been formally introduced, at sometime in our past."
  Mr. Beamer pulled Charlie's left rein, sending Charlie soaring in closer; sidling in, next to Junior.
  Digger rounded his face, scrunched up his soft brown eyes, sending a yielding smile in Mr. Beamer's direction.
    "It is true we have not been formally introduced, you are correct in your assumptions, but a thief is amongst us! You know the inner working of my vegetable garden, especially when it is harvesting season."
    "That is true. I cannot lie. I may be a thief, but I am not a liar. I also have other vices and faults, but let's not discuss them now."
    "Digger the renown: loafer, thief, clever wordsmith, schemer, slouchier, conniver, and conspirator. Well is it not our pleasure today?"
    "Yes I have been called some of those names before. Yes I have pilfered from your garden on occasion, and Yes I have been known to be a person of leisure off of the backs of my acquaintances, friends, and unknowing rube's and simpletons" understood Digger as he gingerly poked his head out from inside of Louis's coat "but I have changed my thieving, and conniving ways...really I have! I was arrested, sentenced, and spent my time in purgatory, in the Under-World. I have now been released, and rehabilitated; Louis can vouch for that."  
    "If it was not for Digger, showing me the correct path to take in the tunnels of the Neither World, I would have surely lost my way, and been taken to my early demise by George the Cave Troll. Due to the pureness, and the goodness lodged in his heart; he showed me the right course to take, he willfully showed me the path to High-Thinking, we would all be lost without him" said a impassioned Louis. 
    "You have made a friend Digger, and he comes to your rescue just as you must have come to his, so you are friends, and so are we. You will be allowed to travel with us un-tethered. You must have been rehabilitated as you say, but Louis just as a zebra cannot change his stripes, be wary. For thieves, usually cannot change their ways: once a thief: always a thief. Again keep an open, fixed eye on this one Louis for he may betray you in the end." 
  Mr. Beamer glanced sharply in Louis's direction, once again with a face that meant all business. Louis was warned: it was noted. 
  Digger digressed and recoiled back into the safety of his friend's coat, smiling sheepishly, looking backwards at Mr. Beamer. 
  Mr. Beamer directed Charlie to elevate higher into the atmosphere as Digger looked up and smiled thoughtfully at Louis.
    "Thank you Louis for protecting me, and for standing up for me."
    "You're most welcome my friend."
    "And don't worry I will never betray you, as that nasty Mr. Beamer says I will. You can always trust me" believed the clever rabbit.
  Digger rubbed his soft furry ears one more time upon Louis's bare chest, inside of the coat, purring softly like a cat, which instantly sent warm, lovely feelings into Louis's young heart. The talented rabbit used all of his natural and super-natural charms upon Louis, to curry his favor once again. 
  

  Searching the broad, bright horizon in front of them and gaining their bearings with the help of the Compass of Nubia, Junior, and Charlie answered Mr. Beamer's commands, heading away from the still waxing sun. 
  A few birds could be seen darting and scampering about, below and above them over the smaller mountain ranges of China. There were Loons, Grebes, a few lone Albatrosses, Boobies, and Frigates. Their precise movements were a joy to watch. 
  Looking further ahead, and to the south they could see the majestic mountains of Katmandu and Nepal. Looking over to the north, they could see Mongolia in all her rugged glory. 
  It would be a two-day flight to Egypt; or known in the ancient times as Kemet, meaning Black Land, so named because of the fertile black soils of the Nile plains. 
  They would first fly eastwards to Pakistan, then over the serene waters of the Persian Gulf, over Saudi Arabia and the Red Sea, then directly into the Fire Desert, into the Valley of the Kings.
  A few hours passed which each traveler during flight, lost in their own thoughts and assumptions about the dark days to come. Louis thought constantly of Molly, rubbing his belly a few times. Remembering when Molly had punched him there at the rock quarry. 
  A few thoughts of her sagely advice came to mind: now you are not depressed, now you're mad as heck. Knowing her advice really meant that you can change your mind, and situation just by changing, your state of mind. Louis had kept this singular thought in the back of his mind from the first day they left Centerville, on this great quest. She was instilled in his thoughts, just as his mother, father, and friends were during this expedition.
  Mr. Beamer was lost in his manuals, maps, and ancient scrolls that he had brought along. He was constantly reading them, trying to decipher their true meanings as they flew along. It had been so long, since his readings in the old ancient texts and languages that his mind was a bit foggy. He knew there would be one last reading of the Good Book, by Louis before the day of the Blue Hour, before the Day of Hathor and Mehan the Serpent, and the summer equinox. 
  Now as for Charlie, he had even more pressing thoughts, which the others knew nothing about; for his life was coming to a pinnacle, to a climax. There would certainly be a day of days for him in the near future. He was transfixed by the thought, which Mr. Beamer was quick to catch on to as they glided along, lost in flight.
  Louis was fast asleep as they sparred.
    "Charlie what troubles you so...?"
    "Our destiny..."
    "Don't worry now Louis is ready; we have done all that we could to prepare him..."
    "But Thomas Beamer he is so young. If he fails us you know the outcome, but you do not know the whole truth, it will not be found in your books. But I know what must be".
    "Charlie what are you talking about?"
    "I have been on this earth longer than you, as has my family. You are the second generation of your family, you do not know, what I know that must be in the end. When the time comes you have to agree and not fight the decision I make".
     "You're right, I do not understand what you are speaking about, but if the end comes, and we are to reside inside of the Blue Hour for eternity, be assured I will trust in your decision, whatever that may be."
  Charlie nodded in affirmation, and with a great deal of dignity, which only confounded Mr. Beamer, that much more. Junior was listening and learning, trying to understand the conversation as well. 
    "Father I know that I am young and that I do know my true place in this world, from what I have seen of it, but you do worry me as you speak. Can you not tell me of your worries and cares at this time? Can I be of help to you in your time of need, should it come?"
    "You are a good son and fine young pony. I am proud to call you son. You will become a leader of the world in your day; you will have great responsibilities just as Louis will, and when your time comes in the future as mine might soon, you will step up, and become the distinguished leader you were destined to be. That is all I can tell you at this time because all of our futures, depends on our Louis and what kind of man, and natural leader he really is."
  Junior knew his lot in life. He to nodded as well in proof and understanding, it showed of a pride and pleasure, rooted in his great race of horses, of  the "Arions". Nothing more was spoken on the subject.
  A few hours that are more non-eventful passed. 
  The sun was finally starting to wane in the western golden red and orange sky above Pakistan. Now circling in flight, Charlie spotted a grassy meadow plateau at the top of a large mountain range. It appeared to be a peaceful place. There was a high-mountain stream trickling through its belly, and a few blooming Cherry trees could be seen surrounding the clearing. 
  Digger thumped one of his feet upon Louis's lap waking him. He immediately took to the task-at-hand, upon rubbing his refreshed eyes. He placed Junior's leather reins once again in hand, pulling to the left, which sent him into a sharp decline and landing pattern. 
  Charlie with Mr. Beamer's push followed suit, riding in Junior's slip steam, which softened the wind behind him. Both majestic Pegasus's lightly set their hooves down amongst the summer wild flowers in the field of the tall, undisciplined grasses. 
  Louis dismounted, helping Digger to the ground. The clever rabbit was lost, back into his own world. He immediately began to dig about the grassy field, adrift in his happiness and merriment. He feverously dug a rabbit hole, quickly disappearing from sight, into it: which Louis was quick to spot.
     "Why has he dug his way into oblivion? He has disappeared so quickly, I am alarmed."
    "No need to be" said Junior "that's what rabbit's do, that is what they live for".
    "Still it gives me pause, for some strange reason, I cannot explain it," queried Louis.
    "Maybe he just does not like to be in flight, and the earth is where he feels most comfortable. He is just back into his domain, as I just was".
  Louis shook his head. He then searched Charlie's eyes; he did not discover a worry. Digger's actions were noted by Louis; nothing more was said about it. 
  The group of tired warriors unpacked the best they could, then promptly fell about the ground in an untamed manner. Louis lit a comforting fire then started to boil some mountain water, to make sweet tea. 
  Mr. Beamer searched about a pack, uncovering some provision, trying to decide what was best for dinner that night. Father and son slowly meandered about the field, grazing on the lush grasses, frocking in the cool mountain stream, fortifying their family bond in the process.   
  Louis after a few moments rest remembered Chug had once caught a Chinook salmon high in the Northwest Territories of Canada below the Boreal Forest. Louis set about making a fishing rod, and fishing line from their supplies. Within moments, he was down at the high-mountain stream, with a medium-sized brook trout dangling from his line. He shouted out, celebrating his catch to the others delight. 
    "Fish in on the menu" he bellowed repeatedly. 
    "Why look at you Louis, the Fisherman Deluxe," exclaimed Mr. Beamer, sharing in his good fortune.
  Louis was a freewheeling boy once again, only for a moment.
  After a few more moments, a lackluster noise came from the far end of camp. Digger's two long white ears appeared from a rabbit hole. Then a face, and with a well-engineered hop, he was totally exposed; covered in dirt with two handfuls of blueberries, clutched tightly in his furry paws. His fingernails had turned blue from his pilfering and theft.
    "Where have you been Digger? We were all so worried about you, you just disappeared" said a vexed Louis.
    "Why I was getting dinner of course" said the flummoxed rabbit "why would you worry about me, I am nobody, just a little rabbit with a big appetite. 
  Mr. Beamer turned abruptly about, staring at the two handfuls of blueberries, the Neither World...he thought to himself. Saying nothing, he looked at Louis to see his reaction to the rabbit's bounty. Louis only expressed relief in his face that his friend had returned to him safe and sound. Mr. Beamer said nothing as both Charlie and Junior returned from their dinner and bath.     
  Freshly fried brook trout was in the offing, with Mr. Beamer boiling a pan full of white rice, fresh herbs, and vegetables he had dug out from the surrounding fields. Again he thought to himself; why had Digger just done as he had done? There was plenty of food to forage from in the nearby stream and wild grassy field. Mr. Beamer was too hungry, and too tired to give it any more thought, there was so much to be done in the next two days. 
  All slept that night content and happy, except Louis and Charlie. The lucid dreams and visions that had followed Louis throughout the years were back with a vengeance. He tossed and turned all night. 
  Charlie ever with the watchful-eye stood over Louis though out the night, offering mummers of reassurance into Louis's ear, and waking him when he wrestled inside of himself. Thoughts of a Minotaur, and Hunchback Pete, Petar's father fogged and clouded his natural dreams. Who was this new threat? His name was...was...wha-t... Was he a deviant man, a beast of the Under-World, or a demon, and the "Firebird" Rukh, would he have to face him in battle as well?
  As the dawn broke upon the tranquil, spellbinding field, Charlie could finally take no more, watching Louis tussle about. He gingerly nudged him with his long nose.
    "Louis my good friend" said a loving Charlie "it is time to rise. Release yourself from your nightmares, the day in yours to conquer."
    Another caring nudge; Louis escaped his tormentors for another night. Opening his eyes, his first sight of the day was of his best friend, "My Charlie, your nose gets longer every day, and you need to trim those nose hairs".
    "As you command oh, Chosen One...er...I mean...Louis the White". 
    "Charlie does your wife still have that big horseshoe collecting, on her wall?"
    "Why yes she does Louis, it gets bigger every day."
  Louis smiled; Charlie smiled, both sharing a hug, and a few inside jokes between them, to start their day.
    "Will you two be serious? We have to make good time today, for we must be in Egypt by early the next morning: preferable tonight. The summer solstice will soon be upon us. Last night the evening skies were dark and starless, the moon was in hiding, if you did not notice. It should have been a full moon but it did not rise. Hathor took to hiding her; her day will be at hand shortly. We have much to do, much to prepare for."
    As Mr. Beamer confessed his worries, a low deep rumble approached towards them from the far side of the field, growing in volume and intensity as it advanced. Junior (who was off in the field, with Digger sitting on his back) took to a sprint, heading directly for Charlie and Mr. Beamer. He raced against the growing sounds as they rumbled below his hoofs.
    "The "Precession of the Equinoxes", the earth shifts on its polls once again. It has begun anew...and even more so...!" shouted out Mr. Beamer.
  This sent Louis into a violent shaking motion. 
  Charlie grabbed Louis by the nap of his shirt, tossing him into the nearby stream for safety. As the ground shook violently, the waters of the stream absorbed most of the shock of the trembler. Leaves shook off nearby Cherry trees, summer birds hurriedly took to flight. Echoes and rumbles deep in tone filled everyone's ears; it was deafening to all. 
  Louis covered his ears in terror. 
  Digger wrapped his ears about his face, sheltering them the best he could from the earsplitting sounds. 
  He shouted out in pain. 
  Junior whinnied as Charlie fought to keep his senses about him. Mr. Beamer stood steadfast in place with his hands over his ears, as well.
  A large fissure opened up at the near end of the field, directing the mountain stream into it. The water quickly disappeared, draining it completely dry, exposing numerous fish and bottom dwelling creatures. 
  As hastily as the rumbles and shaking began, was as abruptly as they ceased.
  It was all quiet once again.
  The sun shone brightly, the trees stopped shaking.
  The world fell back into its natural order.
    "Hathor calls you Louis. You have a date with destiny," said Mr. Beamer.
   Louis spit out two large gulps of water that he had inadvertently almost swallowed upon his entrance into the water.
    "Two days, we have only two days, quickly we must hurry now," said a wild-eyed Junior "let us finish our morning chores, and be away into the morning sky".
  The night's fire was doused with water, the saddlebags packed once again, with no breakfast eaten this morning. Junior was mounted, Mr. Beamer sidled Charlie and Digger took his familiar position inside of Louis's chain mail coat. 
  Lifting off the ground in a flash both rider, and horse climbed once again towards the heavens above. The skies were blue and clear, without a cloud in sight. 
  Heading directly eastwards, out of Pakistan and towards Iran and the Gulf Oman found on her southern tip; a quick two-hour effortless flight and the greenish-blue waters appeared now below them. The emerald green seas were clear and clean. Wind driven white caps sparkled upon the crests of the larger waves as they fell over themselves, in a symbiotic and hypnotic fashion. 
  Flying fish were noted in large schools exiting and entering the great expanse of blue, as freely as the seabirds dove, and rose around them. There were fanciful Darters and Petrals, Shearwaters and Egrets. All were feeding on a large school of baitfish. 
  The natural world was alive, pulsating, and thumping around them. 
  Looking high upwards Louis once again spotted an anomaly; an irregularity.
    "Charlie, look above us," said a bewildered Louis "is that a great bird above us? A friend or demon that has risen from the...dare I speak it...from the Under Dark?" Looking upwards into the bright sunlight then, rubbing his eyes, while trying to gain focus, Mr. Beamer spoke up. "It is the Lone Great Eagle that has been shadowing us from the beginning of our journey."
    "Then it is not a creature from the Neither World," understood Louis "I have been so worried lately about dark flying creatures, beasts that will be released upon us if we are to fail in our quest, and of course let's not forget the things that go bump in the night. Again, after all, you have to remember, I am only a kid, and that is what kids our age fear, the most. Things that go bump in the night, and let's not even discuss monsters, goblins, vampires, or jumping rats."
  Charlie smiled towards Louis to reassure him, that all was well for the time being. 
    "If my calculations and memories are correct, then he is the Great Eagle of Alexandria He is a lone warrior who guards our flank. He is a friend, and he will be there in the end if we should need him, trust me. He is a great bald eagle. He is the epitome of longevity, imperial grace, and strength. He is the true ruler of the daytime skies, he rules over the raptures and vultures in flight, he will be the guiding hand if need be."
    "Charlie Chug told me of seeing a great lone eagle after the fight with "Raff the Red Wolf" upon the arctic ice pack below the Dark Mountains last year; he carries with him a eagle feather that was sent to him from above on that day, and do you not own a eagle feather of the same colors? You had it in Mr. Beamer's barn. You said you found it one day while plowing a field of his. I carried it with me to the North Pole last year with your green straw hat. That feather you said once was your pride and joy."
    "Yes Louis you are correct on both accounts. This eagle has been with us from the beginning. I can tell you no more now, but if things do not go as planned then all will become evident, look to the Fire Desert below. We must keep our course and concentration on our destiny at this time. Mr. Beamer is we on the right course?"
    "Yes Charlie as you two spoke I conferred our headings with the Compass of Nubia, but we must turn northeast now, and head towards the Red Sea. A two-hour crossing of the great sea, then we enter ancient Egypt, the Valley of the Kings and into the heart of the Fire Desert it's self. 
  Louis looked upwards. The elevated flying figure had disappeared once again, lost in the bright sunlight of the Middle East. Looking below and ahead once more, Louis marveled at the earth's natural wonders, letting his mind release, to enjoy the luster. Sand clouds were below blowing about in a wild fashion. Then a quick rise in elevation as enormous sand dunes spread themselves outwards within the recklessness, and abandonment of hot desert windstorms.
  Digger spoke little; but was just as enthralled as Louis was. 
    "How much longer Louis?" asked Digger, "till we arrive at our destination?"
    "Well we can see the far-east coast of the Red Sea, and I can now see what I believe to be the wild Nile River on the horizon." 
    "We have been in flight for over seven hours now without a break. You must all be getting hungry. We should find a place to rest before our final push into the Fire Desert below. 
  Charlie searched for an acceptable landing place."
    "The Nile River will do. It is only another hour then we can rest. There will be clean water, and Tiger Lilies on her banks. Those are always a treat to eat. Louis can catch a few fish again then we can slumber there for the rest of the day, and into the night. It is only about an hour's flight to the Pyramids from there and our meeting with destiny. We will be refreshed and ready for our calling."
    "It is set then. Guide us Charlie on our final leg," said Mr. Beamer. 
  Charlie took the lead out front of Junior, banking, on a northeastern tack up the Red Sea, towards the Nile. The sky was still cloudless and tranquil. The summer winds pushed them along as they started to descend into the great Fire Desert. 
  Gliding now at a lower altitude the air became thicker, heavier, and less stable. A few hot gusts of air here, an explosive whirlwind there, a flurry, and then an updraft, as Charlie spotted a mid-sized clearing by the river, level and filled with tall grasses, making for a soft landing. 
 Fighting off the eruptions of hot air Charlie with Mr. Beamer's prodding's lightly touched the earth once again. Junior followed suite, all were safe and sound on the foreign soil. The dirt was black as coal, and the grasses tall and wild. A few lone water birds were present, loudly announcing the traveling party's stately arrival.
  Camp was set up as the scorching Egyptian sun drew long shadows across their faces. The waters of the river were slow and lazy. It was a wide and deep river, changing courses at will much as a teenage girl might. It was neither bothered by the world nor engaged in it, it was its own master, filled with might and courage.
  Louis searched about its earthen banks, wondering, inside of his view of it. 
    "It is indeed a grand river Charlie. I never thought I would see such wonders growing up in Centerville."
    "All boys can dream it Louis; you only happen to be living it. Remember it always and write it down in your memories, so you can share it with your children someday Louis."
    "I will Charlie and I am, remembering it as we speak. Now as for some food, I am starving."
  Digger reached into his front furry pocket, without hesitation, he popped a blueberry into Louis's dry, parched mouth, Louis not questioning the gift; swallowed it whole. 
  His eyes instantly lit up, as his mind fooled him.
  Quietly he asked for another.
  Mr. Beamer did not notice the folly. Charlie and Junior were now deep into the late afternoon chores, with plenty on their minds to keep them distracted. Digger produced another poison pill, then another, from deep within his bounty of venom. 
  Quietly Louis spoke out, "Those are delightful Digger. Where did you get them, and can I have another?"
    "Not too many at once Louis. They are habit forming. I only eat a few every hour or so, and you have just had a day's worth all at once. They are the mystical berries from the Bodhi Tree, the Tree of Enlightenment from which I helped you escape, remember?"
    "I thought we were not supposed to eat those."
    "Oh...that wicked...Mr. Beamer he does not know everything. Are they not mind-expanding? Don't you see the world a little more clearly now?"
    "Yes I do, the world is focused for the first time, but my eyes grow blurred and my stomach is churning."
    "That will pass as the magic that lies within her juices ferment in your belly."
  Louis rubbed his eyes. He grew a little weary. Digger closed the pocket on his side and looked about, not noticing anything out of the ordinary except for a now imbibed and very intoxicated little boy, who now grew sleepy, under the dark spell of the Neither World".
  As Louis's mind spiraled downwards, he laid back into the deep grasses of the clearing, falling fast asleep. For the first time in his life, he was at peace with his mind, with no dark visions to upset him, no lucid dreaming, or eerie foreshadowing of future events. 
  Just sleep; he had been tricked by a trickster.
  Looking upwards towards the declining sun an image appeared to Digger, blotted out by the long red and golden hued sunbeams, the image was barely discernible. As it grew closer, the cooling winds rustled and twirled about him. Mr. Beamer noticing the commotion quickly turned to face the intruder.
  Two large wings flickered above him; a loud whiney was heard above the agitated winds. Baron Von Beck, with Chug in saddle, lightly touched down on the ground, in front of Mr. Beamer.
    "We thought you might, need some help Mr. Beamer" proclaimed the wild-eyed little boy.
  Charlie trotted over after seeing, another Pegasus land in the clearing. As The Baron turned to face Charlie, a grand smile was seen on his face.
    "Why I see you have come to join the fight Baron."
    "I have..."
    "My god Chug...is that you?"
    "Yes Charlie...I..."
    "I cannot believe my disbelieving eyes, you have escaped Petar's evil holding cell."
    "Only with the help of The Baron; he flew to Saint Louis, kicked in my jail cell, the iron bars and freed me...then he freed my mind with the help of the ancient writing of Mr. Beamer; from some of the writings found up in his attic."
    "Good to have you with us Chug. I still cannot believe this good fortune of ours."  
    "How did you recognize me Charlie?" asked The Baron with a slight smirk on his face "I have not been in this form for over two thousand years".
    "Your eyes Baron, they are still honest and belong to only you; whatever form you are in."
  The beautiful black winged creature stood before the group, full of pride and courage. The Baron stood almost as tall as Charlie did. He was wider in girth and just a muscular. His wingspan was over twenty feet when fully extended, and his long flowing tail shone of pride and self-belief.
  Mr. Beamer hurried over from the bank of the Nile seeing The Baron land.
    "And who is this that guides your flight Baron? Why it is Chug, "The Noble". That is what we will call you now" said Mr. Beamer as he helped Chug dismount.
  An excited Chug blurted out, "Why...er...ah...Mr. Beamer...we...we are so happy to have found you. We took flight over a week ago. With the help...of...Turk..."
    "Chug slow down and try to catch your breath. You are going to have a conniption," said Mr. Beamer.
   "Yes oh..."Noble One", slow down and tell us of your journey, and what news you have of Centerville and especially of Molly, Sammy and Harry, and of all the children still trapped in purgatory in the Saint Louis, tell us of those still ensconced inside of Petar's dark evil" added Charlie.
  Chug sat down on a medium-sized rock found nearby, caught his breath, then out of the corner of his eye he noticed Louis laying in the tall grass, sound asleep.
    "Louis!" called out the overjoyed little boy.
    "Louis, it's your Chug, your best friend in the world! I've come to help you! I bring you news of Molly, and your family!"
  Louis did not stir; which alarmed Mr. Beamer. He pressed forwards towards Louis, grapping Louis by the shoulder, giving him a soft stir. 
  Louis did not move.
    "Louis...wakeup my little friend..."
  There was no movement, none.
  Taking Louis in his arms Mr. Beamer looked over at Charlie, then Junior who was showing a great worry in his face. Digger dug into the earth nearby by, only showing his eyes and tall ears to his adversaries, and now fully perceived enemies.
  Chug's mouth was agape as well as the other's were. Louis slowly opened his eyes then tried to lick his dry purple lips.
    "Can I have a drink of water? My mouth is so dry."
    "Why of course Louis. Chug can you take that cup over there, and fill it to the brim in the river, and return quickly?"
  The boy dashed as fast as he could, off towards the river.
    "How do you feel Louis; you look a little pale" said an apprehensive Charlie.
    "Oh I'm Ok...just a little sleepy. It must have been the long flight today, and with the entire hullabaloo over the last few days. It has just been so much. I will be all right, I need just a glass of water please, a little food and rest, and in the morning, I will be fine. 
  Chug returned with the water; handing the cup to Louis.
    "It is so nice to see you again Louis" said Chug "you look thin but you still have that same ugly face."
    "Well you will never change," said Louis as a faint smile appeared on his face "you are just as tall as ever." 
  Both boys smiled.
    "You drink up Louis, and rest we'll have dinner ready soon enough. Chug can catch a fish then a fish fry will be ours.
  Louis rolled over on his side. Mr. Beamer grabbed a blanket out of his saddlebag, throwing it over a once again, now sleeping Louis. As Mr. Beamer tucked it around his lean shoulders, he noticed that Louis's lips and tongue were a bright shade of blue. 
  He glared over at Digger. He was left only guessing what had happened. 
  Digger sheepishly smiled then quickly disappeared into his rabbit hole for the night.
    "Chug we can catch up on your journey and what news you bring us over the dinner, that you are about to catch. You see we need your "noble skills" already," said a calmer Mr. Beamer, now knowing that Louis was all right for the time being.
  Mr. Beamer pointed towards his backpack where, the fishing line and hooks could be found inside a small pocket. Without another word, Chug went to work pitching in where he could: catching dinner, tending the fire, and then gathering some more water to boil some rice. 
  The Baron and Charlie took towards the riverbank to catch up on their friendship as only two good friends can truly do. Softly kicking the grasses, grazing on some wild flowers, and enjoying the Egyptian sunset were theirs. Mr. Beamer and Junior discussed their good fortune with the arrival their friends as they congregated around the roaring fire. 
  The early evening was warm and inviting. A few fireflies took to flight over the Nile River as the last of the day's light dispersed from view, leaving the stars to make a grand appearance overhead. Shinning outwards, within the sphere of their luminosity: a visual feast was for the taking. The sky was jet black as the evening's creatures started to stir around them, in the darkness. Creatures small and large, friendly, and not so kind were curious of the visitors to their clearing. The fire was kept large to keep away, the not so friendly ones.
  Dinner was served, Chug had caught a large bass, which was filleted and cooked over the open fire. After foraging about the clearing for bulbs and tubers, Mr. Beamer added them to the freshly boiled rice. It was a fine dinner. After all were full and satiated, Mr. Beamer asked the first pertinent question of the evening.
    "First off Baron do you want to be called by your ancient Arion name, Benedetto the Good or just The Baron?"
    "Either name it does not matter, I will answer to both."
    "Now tell us of your transformation?" 
    "Well it was all Turk's, Doc Wellman, and Mr. Pennywell doings. They knew that you would need help. They scavenged through your attic deep in the night after you left. In one your great chess they found one of your ancient books, filled with; spells, incantations, and magic charms. Upon the readings, they noticed the most important one of all, the ability to reclaim our "Arion" destiny. 
  Low and behold.
  Turk spoke the enchantments, then both myself and Bocephous were magically "reborn" into the form you see now, as Charlie has".
    "And where is Bocephous now?" asked Charlie.
   "He flew to Saint Louis the night after our transformation with me to Saint Louis to check on Molly, Chug and all of the other children kept there. He could not locate and free Molly but I was able to find Chug. Later the next day I planned my journey with the others, to come to Egypt. I am so glad we found you. We followed the magical attraction or beacon of the Bell of Amun Ra. It guided us here."
    "Where is Bocephous now?"
    "He is standing by in case we call him. He is helping guard Centerville with Panthera, as we speak."
    "Good choice" added Mr. Beamer.
    "And what of our children?" asked Charlie.
    "They are safe, and sound but still trapped inside of the Under Dark, of the "Neither World" as well as all the other children within her clutches. Their numbers have been growing, since the evil machine has now been finished, completely built. There are now thousands of children lost in the dark, and away from their parents in that awful prison."
    "And what has become of the others in Centerville?"
    "Well Mr. Beamer they too have been troubled lately; Panthera has had his hands full. Dark creatures have been stalking at the outskirts of Centerville waiting to pounce: waiting their time until the Blue Hour is upon them, waiting for their numbers to grow. Panthera has had many battles with more than a few of them, he is spent."
  Charlie spoke.
    "Can you tell us about Louis's parents?" 
    "They are worried; waiting for Louis's return but they are safe. They asked me to send him a message. When he wakes I will deliver that message."
    "Chug, how did you get into the center of this?" asked Junior. 
    "Well the Baron needed a traveling partner to keep him company and to tell you the truth I am kind of fed up with this whole mess as everybody else, you most likely need all the help you can get. And you can tell by my courage that I can get in and out of many tight spaces, so I offer you my services" said Chug as he artfully darted about the campsite between the legs of Junior and Charlie.
    "Most impressive my friend, and yes we need all the help we can get. We must now get some sleep for the night, for tomorrow will be the day of our reckoning, A Day of Changes for us all. 
    "It has been a long flight, we are tired Mr. Beamer" said Benedetto the Good.
    "Yes we are all tired Baron. In the morning we will stir little Louis our savior. He will take one last reading in the Sworn Book, the Good Book of Thebes then on into the Valley of the Kings to meet our destiny, to form the future destiny of the world," said Charlie as he looked forlornly at the group.
  The fire was kept brightly lit throughout the night by Chug as the others slept soundly in their beds of grass. Songbirds were quiet and the moon again took to hiding; waiting for its grand appearance in the Egyptian sky, at noon on the summer solstice, the next day.
  Louis did not budge or shift positions throughout the night; he lay quietly, like a vampire who has been asleep for a thousand years.    




































~Chapter 22~
The Valley of the Kings

  No songs birds were singing this morning, as the dawn broke. The Nile River in all her majesty appeared to be unusually dormant and docile. Her great wild and vibrant waters were, now tranquil to the point of peculiarity. It is as if the natural world was taking a collective breath, waiting to see what the new day would bring them.
  No dark otherworldly creatures approached the traveling party as they slept, during the lingering, hot night. Charlie kept a vigil-eye over all as usual, while Mr. Beamer intermittently wrestled inside of a disquieting slumber. Junior was as resourceful as Charlie was, and just as determined in demeanor. Both found great pride in their roll of, protector and confidant. 
  Both are natural born leaders.
  Chug and The Baron had slept well in the tall grasses, after their long flight of the last few days; finding comfort within their circle of friends.
  Louis awoke first, and was relatively refreshed (considering the evening before), but appeared to be a little discombobulated.
    "Charlie is you awake?"
    "Why yes Louis, did you sleep well?"
    "Where are we?"
    "You are lying in the soft grasses of the Nile delta, on the bank of the Nile River in Egypt, ready to fulfill your destiny, today is your day, Louis."
    "Oh...er...that's right I am to meet...a friend today, and negotiate a deal. Is that right Charlie?"
  A waking Mr. Beamer cracked one probing eye towards Louis, as he eavesdropped on the conversation.
    "No, you are going to meet your adversary; the feared and reviled Hathor the Moon Rider before noon today, and Petar Deegan Aden, the Black Fire is going to try and raise the waking-dead from the Neither World; don't you remember Louis, you are Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri. You have returned to the land of your birth.
  Digger sprang up from the Under Dark, from within his rabbit-hole.
    "Good morning everyone; did all sleep well?"
    "Yes I did Digger, and how are you?" asked a relieved Louis, upon seeing his friend, and peddler of the habit-forming venom.
    "Good morning Louis?" said Chug.
  Louis replied in kind. 
    "We have a long day today Louis. Today we negotiate the fate of the world and all things good that live in it" said Digger as he looked over at Mr. Beamer who was now fully awake, and standing over by the campfire.
    "Oh yes now I fully remember; our great task. Today we go to the Valley of the Kings to meet some friends," said Louis.
  Louis seemed to not be grasping the totality of the situation, it's as if he was under an awful spell or not fully cognizant. Digger shook some dirt off his ears and fur, smiled at Junior, The Baron, and Charlie, then headed straightforwardly towards Louis.
  A grand hug was in store for Digger by Louis. 
  Digger jumped inside of Louis cloth shirt, snuggling up to him the best he could, "What's for breakfast Mr. Beamer?" asked an oddly serene Louis.
    "Hot coffee, scrambled bird eggs, biscuits, and gravy."
  Charlie gave a crosswise look at Louis, while he shook his head in wonder then headed promptly for the Nile, to take a bath. Junior followed his father as The Baron followed Junior, while the morning's breaking sun warmed the clearing and its inhabitants.
  After all ate a hearty breakfast and baths taken, Mr. Beamer addressed the group as they stood around the last of the morning fire.
    "I want to thank everyone present. We have made it this far, with all being safe and sound, today is our day, for our future is upon us, and it is ours to guide with the help of Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri, our savior."
  Digger looked about the campsite as Mr. Beamer spoke. Noticing all eyes fixated on Mr. Beamer, Digger took a few blueberries from his stash of ill-gotten gains, lightly pushing them into Louis's open mouth. 
  Louis whispered into Digger's left ear.
    "Why thank you friend, delicious."
  Digger's velvety whiskers tickled Louis's chest.  
    "What are friends for?" replied a characterless Digger.     
  Mr. Beamer continued.
    "Louis before we take flight on this last leg of our journey, you are to read one last time from the Good Book, the Sworn Book of Honorius of Thebes. This last reading will show you the truth this last reading will show you the correct path you must take for our salvation." 
    "I don't see why I have to, but if you insist Mr. Beamer. I think I already know the answers we seek, and I am kind of tired of reading that darned book."
  Charlie flashed an apprehensive and very concerned look at Mr. Beamer.
    "Louis you do not seem to be grasping the gravity of the day, you have been trained for this day, and your hour is at hand. Your courage alone is what will endure the day. The "Blue Hour" will swallow us if you fail. The Neither World" will rule the natural light, the natural world; Louis is you with us still?"
    "Why yes Charlie, Mr. Beamer, it is just that I now know the answers we seek, all is clear in my mind now. There is no danger: I will rise to the occasion, you can be assured of that. We will make friends today," said Louis as he smiled largely at Digger, then looked strangely back at everyone else.
  Louis turned to stand up his back was towards his friends as Digger popped another blueberry into his willing mouth. 
    "Even if you feel you know the answers" said a vexed Mr. Beamer "it is written. You must do one last reading then the book will be finished. Will you do it for me Louis?"
    "Ok, if you say so, but I do not see why, as I stated before" supposed a nonchalant Louis.    
    The Book of Thebes was produced from Mr. Beamer's backpack. He lightly placed it onto the medium-sized rock found in the middle of the campsite. All gathered closer to Louis in anticipation of the finally reading.
  Louis blinked slowly, stepped forward, placing his now steady hands upon the book. He looked once again lovingly at Digger, winked, and then unhurriedly opened the scared book. A bright flash of blue light emerged, moving in concentric circles outwards and upwards, as the worn, leather-bound cover fully opened for the last time. 
  The Pen of Jupiter Angel Satquiel, rose once again from deep within the pages, it glowed a bright iridescent color, hovered a tense moment, then lightly touched back down on the last page of the book.  

Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri
Your day of days is today

Within your courage you found your Shambala
Your training is replete

Now go forth into the light of the Blue Hour
With your newfound powers 

Take with you only:
 Your wits to lead you
Your courage to guide 
And your
Determination to bind them


A renewed friendship is your greatest strength
Trust is a must   

Once again inside of yourself 
Is where you will find the answers that you seek 
You must become you
Release yourself

You will have to sacrifice
You will have to suffer 

Release the golden horn

  A deathly screech echoed out directly overhead. 
      "It's Rukh's The Firebird, shouted out Mr. Beamer as he looked upwards in revulsion; dreadfulness consumed him.
  The three Pegasus horses reared up in defiance. 
  Louis fell to his knees as the earth awakened anew. All covered their ears as the ground below began to violently shake again the tremors shot across the clearing at the speed of lightning. Chug and Mr. Beamer lost their footing, falling next to Louis, into the soft grass.
  The Pen of Jupiter Angel Satquiel fell cold and silent, dropping back into the book, lifeless. The Book of Thebes closed quickly. 
  Rukh shot a burst of flames from his throat, sending the book exploding into a thousand flames. Mr. Beamer tried to douse the fire but to no avail, the book cindered and crumbled to pieces at his feet.
  Another earsplitting shriek and high-squeal burst forth, from above. Rukh swooped in even closer, to now not more than ten feet above their heads. The hot winds beneath his glowing orange and red wings rustled the morning's fire embers, sending them into a deviant dance around the campsite. 
  Digger dove for cover, deep inside of Louis's shirt. Mr. Beamer fought to get to his feet as the shaking from below came to a sudden halt. He grabbed the Staff of Thebans. Using it as a javelin, he heaved it upwards. It struck dead center, into Rukh's broad feathered chest, sending split and broken feathers scatter-bound.
  Petar appeared from the side of Rukh's thick neck, his two black evil eyes spun wildly in concentric circles. A sickening and horrifying smile appeared across his face. His black leather duster was open at the chest, showing his scrawny and very boney, shirtless torso. 
  He was a mire skeleton of himself. 
  Evil had completely consumed him.
    "Louis your mind will be mine!" he bawled out, above the shrieks, of Rukh's painful cries "your mind will belong to me!"
    "Be gone you winged-fiend!" shouted out Mr. Beamer above the cries of both.
  Charlie whinnied loudly: trumpeting out repeatedly with anxiety heard in his voice. Chug cowered as Louis now stood unimpassioned next to an enraged Mr. Beamer. 
    "Louis duck!" shouted out Chug as the turmoil kept unfolding around them "my god man, what's gotten into you...duck!"
  Chug lurched; he grabbed Louis, dragging him into the safety, and cover of the tall Nile grasses.
  Petar pulled on Rukh's left rein, breaking his now quavering, hovering pattern. Rukh squealed out again, an unearthly scream. Junior flew towards Louis, blocking him from view of Petar's evil gaze. Charlie now lifted off the ground, with two mighty downward swoops of his wings. He elevated instantaneously, slamming into Rukh's huge breastplate, sending him tottering to the left side.
  Petar dug his jackboots deep into Rukh's rib cage, pulling once again on his left leathery rein. Rukh shot off to the left side of the clearing above the Nile delta, rising in elevation during the maneuver. A few rapid strokes of his fiery red wings and he was completely away from the clearing and his enemies.
    "At the noon hour, you will feel the pull of the Under Dark upon your soul, you will know the right path to choose" proclaimed a wily Petar "you will see the true light, the Blue Hour light, chose the Neither World and you will know the whole truth! The truth shall set you free..."Apophasis the Destroyer" demands your presence there."
  Rukh, with Petar wildly gesturing and vocalizing upon his back, spun backwards away from Charlie as Charlie gave chase "Remember Apophasis...you have a date with the ruler of the Neither World at high-noon Louis...at high-noon...this day!"
  Speaking under his breath, then with a low whisper into Louis ear he said, "Wha-t have we gotten into Louis...wha-t have we gotten into?" wondered Chug.  
    "Don't worry Chug" said Digger peering from the safety of his perch inside of Louis's shirt "Louis has everything under control...everything...he is a "High-Thinker" now. 
  Digger took a handful of spellbinding blueberries; he took half for himself, gulping then down with a new passion; shoving the rest deep into Louis's palm. Louis looked downwards, relishing in their beauty. He swallowed them as quickly as he could, with the same passion as Digger had for his, delightful bounty. They both locked eyes, nodded together in confirmation, of a deeper understanding of the world.
  Chug saw the whole ceremony, dumbfounded as to its meaning. 
  Digger's mouth and fingers were turning a brighter blue as time unfolded, due to the color of the toxins that lay within them. He had spent another night foraging the Under Dark for another Bodhi bush; without question, he was the victor in his quest.
  Trying to grab Mr. Beamer by the coat to get his attention was fruitless. Now turning sharply towards The Baron, Chug locked eyes with him, shouting out, "Did you see that Baron? What evil is upon Louis?" 
    "I do not know young master, we have only arrived we have much to learn. Maybe it is not an evil, we cannot judge yet. It may be his medicine, and the rabbit may be his redeemer. Have patience youthful one" shot back The Baron.
  Mr. Beamer paid no attention to either one of them or their conversation; he was full of contemplation, and considerable deep thought. He had had no time to decipher the written words of the last reading of the Good Book. The final words were lost, incinerated before his eyes by Rukh "The Phoenix".
     "We must leave this place. Petar may have summoned other dark unworldly creatures to falter us in our quest, or delay our meeting with Hathor. Quickly pack the camp, make haste!" exclaimed Mr. Beamer in a hurried fashion.
  Charlie flew in, now appearing from around a large thicket of trees, at the far side of the river, breathing heavily, sweat poured down his broad neck and shoulders. As he approached, he rang out, "Rukh has fled back to his lair with Petar, into the Valley of the Kings into Petar's new fortress, the Pyramid of Khafre. I followed them there without being seen. It is only a short flight."
    "Charlie it is mid-morning now. We have two hours before the midday sun beats down upon us, and the rising of the noonday full moon, passes between the summer solstice of the sun and earth. We have to get to the foot of the Pyramid of Giza and ready ourselves for Hathor the "Solar Deity" to arrive."
  The camp was hurriedly broken down, the campfire extinguished. Mr. Beamer slung his chain mail across his chest, grabbed the Staff of Thebans, he then mounted Charlie. Louis in turn in a sluggish fashion placed his chain mail across his chest, slung the Bow and Quiver of Ra, the Sun God over his shoulders, he then took hold of The Shield of Heracles in his left hand. He mounted Junior as Chug mounted the Baron.
  They were away.
  The Nile delta fell away from them the higher they climbed upwards. Looking to the eastern horizon, they could see a dark, brooding, beastly thunderstorm, brewing above the heart of the Fire Desert on top of the three Great Pyramids of Egypt.
  Black lightening ripped through the atmosphere. Thunderclaps rumbled across the skies; growing in intensity as they thundered by them. Thick sheets of rain fell around the valley, deluging the ground below, causing flooding in the nearby sand dunes.
    "Hathor announces her arrival!"
    "That she does Mr. Beamer," shouted out Charlie. 
    "Look to the east, under the storm clouds and in the center of the storm, daylight encircles the Great Pyramids and The Sphinx."
    "Where should we land father; right there?" asked Junior.
    "Yes son."
    "Junior we must land at the foot of the largest one Khufu, at the north side of the valley, we are about another hour away now, so again make haste," said Mr. Beamer.
  The hot desert winds engulfed them as they approached the center of the Fire Desert of the northern Middle Kingdom. All Looked forwards and downwards at the sand dunes, in all their brilliant golden red, brown and rust colored hues, it was breathtaking to behold. 
  The Blue Nile stretched across the horizon, to the north, south, and beyond. It carved its way through the living desert at will, with nothing stopping its advance: not wild wind, sturdy rock, or the freely blowing desert sands.
    "It is such a beautiful land Mr. Beamer. Wild and free, and behold the great stone Pyramids, what a thing of beauty!" said an enthralled Chug.
    "But on this day Chug, be wary, beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Dark things lurk inside of this beauty."
    "Mr. Beamer is correct Chug, the looming storm we are about to enter holds grave dangers" said Charlie.
     "We must be careful as we enter the ancient valley. As we pass through the storm, descend quickly, stay low to the ground on the approach, and let us advance on the northern most side, where we might be able to enter unseen, by watchful eyes."
  Time passed quickly as they finally reached their long awaited destination; they now began their quick descent into the valley. Circumventing the heart of the storm, they glided to the northern end of the valley, at the very outskirts of the great storm. Swooping in low to the ground, The Baron, Charlie and Junior, flew in a single file line, riding in the slipstream of the one before them. 
  Charlie took the lead as Mr. Beamer gazed at the Compass of Nubia held in one hand. Calculating the exact location they needed to be at, Mr. Beamer provoked Charlie towards a large burial chamber on the west side of the Great Pyramid of Khufu. 
  Now entering the dark violent storm shook all to the core. Heavy rain poured down upon them, drenching them from hoof to toe. Black ungodly lightening rang out throughout the dark skies. Powerful thunderclaps bounced off the unforgiving ground and stone Pyramids, then shooting out in all directions, echoing off the nearby high mountains, and thick, waterlogged rain clouds. 
  As they passed through the black heavy clouds, all felt an unnatural presence: Petar's evil was palpable, his evil was alive; Petar the "The Dark Rider" was close by.
  
  Evil knows no fear.
  Evil never sleeps.
    
    "Into the entrance of that chamber to your left Charlie" said a wild-eyed Mr. Beamer, "we can find shelter from the black rain, in there".
  Pulling on Charlie's left rein Mr. Beamer guided Charlie into a quick, steep right turn. Charlie lifted the bottom tail feathers of his great white wings, slowing their progress to an abrupt halt instantly: in through the two thick stone doors, abruptly stopping in mid-flight right inside the center of the olden stone; hollowed chamber.
  Junior and the Baron, followed: a soft, speedy landing, then a quick dismount by all. Shaking the rain off his coat of arms and after throwing his backpack to the ground Chug rang out.
    "Louis is you altogether with us? You seem to be not yourself."
    "I am find Chug, love is in the air, it surrounds us, and is engulfing my spirit. I cannot wait to talk with Petar. It has been so long since I saw him," said a glassy-eyed Louis.
    "Louis he is our enemy. He means to destroy you and us all, my god man! What is wrong with you?" asked a disheartened and very alarmed Chug.
    "His malaise grows stronger Chug," said Mr. Beamer
    "Wha-t...?" said Louis.
    "He is under the spell of the Neither World; he has eaten the forbidden berries of the Bodhi Tree" said Mr. Beamer.
    "What are you talking about Mr. Beamer?"
    "You have just arrived Chug, you do not know the whole truth that is now before us all."
     "Continue on Mr. Beamer."
    "When Louis was in his training for enlightenment, he was called to the Under Dark to fulfill his task, his destiny. He must have failed, because this is the first sign of defeat, of passing into the dark realm of nothingness, which could soon engulf us all. No one has ever come back from the dark side, from the under-verse, the same as they went in, in one form or another. He obviously failed in his mission as you can tell by his melancholia, and somber mood."
  Charlie spoke.
    "Are you sure Mr. Beamer?"
    "Yes, look at his lips and tongue they are as blue as the berries of the Bodhi Tree."
  Digger disappeared deeper into Louis's shirt; covering his ears with his hands during the course.
   "But he told us upon his return from that horrible place that he did not eat them, remember?" asked Junior.
    "He must have been too ashamed to admit his disappointments to us. He was gone three long days and nights. He took no food or water with him when he left the golden palace of Kapula. It must have been all too much for him, he is so young and such a small child."
  Louis smiled, and then drooled on his shirt.
    "Oh my Louis, what has become of you?" said a bewildered Charlie, now seeing that the complete spell of the Under World had taken him, during their last flight into the great valley.
  Just then, another great, black thunderbolt shot out overhead of the burial chamber. It reverberated inside of the smooth stonewalls, sending a deafening echo around the large cold room. 
  All covered their ears.
      "Petar calls me," stated Louis, as he stood stone-faced, lost in the doldrums.
  The ground began to shake spitefully: The Precession of the Equinoxes began once again, more fully and right on time. Dust covered the room as some of the larger quarried stones began to shift above their heads.
    "We cannot stay inside of the Chamber of Khufu. This was to be our sanctuary until Hathor appears above us, across the face of the noonday moon. Petar does not allow it. This could become our tomb, we must leave at once!" shouted out Charlie as he motioned with his wings extended, for all to hurry towards the two vast stone doors at her entrance.
  Another black lightning bolt shot out, hitting the two hinges of the doors just as all made it to safety. Both doors fell with a mighty, resounding thud at their feet, just as they all jumped to safety.  
  Standing at the base of the great pyramid, looking upwards to the sky, it began to clear above their heads. The rains lightened as a few awkward sunbeams began to show through the aberrant clouds.
  The dark lightning bolts from above, and the shaking ground below, ceased in harmony; all was quiet, and still for a moment. Louis wiped the rainwater from his eyes as he looked upwards to the breaking skies. 
    "A visitor approaches, a winged friend and his rider", said Louis in a soft voice.
  A voice from above rang out from deep inside of the breaking mystical clouds that surrounded the valley.  
    "Your mind is now mine as I said before!!" yelled out Petar Deegan Aden. 
    "Yes it is, it is yours my friend," said Louis with as a ghastly smile appearing on his face. 
  The foreboding voice grew louder.
    "Tut-ankh-Amon the Keeper of the Ancients, you have failed! Aswan the White, Raafat the White the great King of the Arions you have failed as well. Ancient and Arion will be servants of Mehan the Serpent, of "Apophasis the Destroyer" for I have summoned him!" shouted out a menacing Petar.
    "Would you like a cup of coffee?" queried a sheepish, and very discontent Louis, "maybe have some flapjacks with us, Hattie May could cook them."
  Then out of the thickest part of the ungodly storm hovering above, Rukh the Firebird appeared in all her fiery fury, swooping down upon them with Petar the Harbinger of all Things Dark and Evil now laughing hysterically perched upon his broad feathered shoulders. The insidious voice sounded, like the maniacal calls a marauding wild African Jackal, hovering over his wounded prey, in the untamed outlands of the sub-Sahara desert.
  As Petar approached, his two wild evil eyes were spinning sadistically inside of their black sockets.
    "The Book of Aka Manah has shown me the truth. I am the holder of the two evil eyes, they are mine as last!"
  Absolute power had a grip on Petar's black heart.
    "The Evil Eye of Horus and the Evil Eye of Wedjat belong to me. Horus the Elder offered one eye as a gift to my father, and Kauket, my mother offered the other evil eye. God bless them both, for now I am the holder of true absolute powers of the Under World, for I am the "Black Fire" for I am the Giver of Darkness!!" shouted out Petar as Rukh  The Phoenix, landed with great theatrics at the stone base, of the great pyramid. 
  Grotesque streams of steamy hot fire shot boldly outwards from deep within Rukh throat, blasting upwards into the now once again thundering skies. Petar summoned two large black lightning bolts upon his landing, by raising his boney hands to the sky, in the manner of a disturbing conjurer. Both dark lightning bolts struck the ground at Petar's feet, he did not flinch.
  Petar dismounted Rukh, in a single great bound, landing not more than thirty feet in front of Tut-ankh-Amon, Aswan and the others. Petar's black evil eyes were spinning counter-clockwise, in an excited fashion. 
  Junior stood his ground behind his noble father, as Chug ran quickly for cover behind Junior's tail. Digger popped his furry head and ears out of Louis's coat as Louis gyrated slowly back and forth, like a lovesick pigeon staring at his mate on Valentine's Day.
    "Master, you have returned" said an enthralled Louis.
    "Yes I have my son," said a demented Petar.
    "Father..." said a dithering Louis.
  Digger reached deep into his pocket, finding another handful of his not natural berries. With the stealth of a lion on the prowl, he popped a few more over Louis's blue lips. 
  Two quick gulps and they were gone. 
    "Come with me son. You have a date with destiny in the Under World," said Petar as he outstretched one of his claws.
    "He is not going anywhere with you!" shouted back Tut-ankh-Amon as he widened his stance in disobedience to Petar's callings, "he does not belong in the Under World, he is a mortal that can only survive in the light. He can do you no good. He has nothing to offer you!" 
    "On the contrary, he is the future of the world. He is the youth. He is our most valuable commodity. I have already begun to fill my legions of "Dark World Soldiers". The children of the night belong to me now, their minds are now mine, as will Louis's soon."
    "Never!!" screamed out Chug at the tops of his lungs "he is my blood-brother and my best friend, and friends don't let their friends go off with strangers. Every kid knows that!"
  Mr. Beamer looked at Chug a bit stupefied, as Charlie looked over at Louis, with a look of disbelief as to what he just heard.
 Charlie paused to contemplate what Chug had just said then spoke.
    "He is correct Petar as is Tut-ankh-Amon. Louis will not be going with you to the Under Dark World. He belongs with his friends and blood brothers, inside the light of the day. You will have to pass through me to take him," said Charlie as he defiantly lifted off the ground in front of Rukh and Petar.
    "I will take that as a challenge to me, and my fiery stead. Rukh, to battle!" shouted out Petar as he vaulted onto the firebird's shoulders once again.
    "Can I go with you Petar?" asked Louis "can we find a Bodhi Tree in the Under Dark? Those berries are scrumptious."
    "I knew it Mr. Beamer, those berries are evil. I have seen Digger feeding those to Louis, since I have been here. He is truly cursed and under the spell of the Neither World" called out Chug as he ran towards Louis.
  Upon reaching Louis, Digger scurried back into Louis's shirt, back out of sight and out of mind. Chug tried to dig into Louis's shirt to expose the truth.
    "The truth cannot hide any longer. There is a traitor amongst us, wearing the disguise of a rabbit," proclaimed Chug.
  Digger popped his head back out of Louis' shirt as he dodged Chug's probing fingers.
    "No Chug; I am not a traitor, only a loyal warrior of the Neither World for you forgot. I burrow. I live in the darkness of the ground. Never trust anything that dwells in the night, and lives in the depths of the earth."
    "You are a traitor to us all!" shouted out Chug as Digger evaded him.
    "I am a thief, a pickpocket, a shoplifter and a burglar, and I am a servant of the Dark Lord...forgive me for what I have done...for I have known no other life."
    "Enough!" shouted out Tut-ankh-Amon, "to arms!"
  As Petar landed upon Rukh, the firebird screamed out in pain as the braided noose of his reins tightened around his neck. He took to flight, shooting backwards with two rapid beats of his shimmering, golden wings.
  Charlie attacked his flank.
  Now circling overhead of Ruhk, Charlie's hooves clipped his lengthy tail-feathers, sending him into a tailspin, off to his left. Petar lost his grip, almost falling off his mount. Petra quickly gained control, of the steed again before they reached the hardened earth below. Once again Petra guided Rukh by his noose; avoiding another folly sent forth from Charlie's sharp hooves.
    "Get him Charlie!!" screamed out Chug from far below.
    "We must help him. Baron to my side, with haste!" shouted out Mr. Beamer. 
  The Baron flew past Chug and Junior in a flurry of activity, and as he passed by Tut-ankh-Amon took two large bounds off a nearby fallen stone statue, landing directly on The Baron's back. With the Staff of Thebans in hand, they launched themselves towards the battle brewing overhead. 
  Petar summoned two more black lightning bolts, as he raised his hands once more to the thundering black skies. They shot across The Baron's left flank; a direct hit. This set ablaze a bevy of feathers on his left wing; scorching them to the shaft. The Baron cried out in pain, as his nerve endings registered the direct hit.
    "We do not retreat!" screamed out The Baron.
  They rose in elevation, now sidling up next to Charlie who was hovering about three hundred feet off the ground, above the stone burial chamber. 
    "You send him running towards the Pyramid of Khafre on our right. I will come up from the backside; the sun will be in Rukh's eyes as he leaves the shadows of the Pyramids, and Petar's evil eyes cannot look directly into the sunlight, it burns them. I will blindside him, a twixt in between, the two...of shadow and light" said a commanding Charlie "see you on the other side, be gone now."
  Tut-ankh-Amon raised his staff, pointing at Rukh and Petar who were scanning them both from above, as Petra tried to make his own plans for attack. The Baron shot straightforwardly, upwards in an unswerving line towards Rukh's underside. Rukh lowered his head, shooting a long, thin stream of flames out in front of the approaching Pegasus. Tut-ankh-Amon, effortlessly guided The Baron out of danger this time, by leaning hard to his right, they glided out of danger, away from the flame burst, as they rose in elevation.
  The Baron braced for contact; tucking his wings to his sides, lowering his head into a tuck position. His courageous rider spun around to the underside of the Pegasus, by gripping a thick leather strap, stung across his belly. Underneath he slid, away from the contact point. The Baron slammed into the firebird's rib cage, snapping three ribs. 
  Rukh screamed out in agony!
  Petar's evil eyes spun like a toy top, spinning on a tabletop.
  Petra laughed aloud, like a corrupt banker who had just won the lottery.
  Charlie disappeared behind the bright side of the Pyramid of Khafre, well into his plan.
    "Do not be disheartened Rukh! Re-enforcements are on the way as I speak."
 Rukh spiraled to the south, deep into the shadows of Khafre, now heading away from the once more charging Baron, and towards the sun lit side of the massive pyramid. Petar commanded another volley of black lightning, aimed backwards towards the trailing rider and horse.
    "Baron, be brave! He heads towards Charlie and our salvation, into the bright western sunlight" called out Tut-ankh-Amon into The Baron's left ear. The lightning bolts shot past harmlessly, discharging into the ground at Chug feet. Chug jumped backwards, tumbling down onto the hot sands of the Fire-Desert.
  Louis stood passionless nearby, looking towards the skies and the combat going on above him. 
    "Master, be careful" called out Louis as his dealer of poison administered another dosage down his willing throat. Digger licked his lips as he to, popped another handful of blueberries down his own throat.
    "Chug would you like to join the minions of the Under Dark? Would you like to be a child of the night...as Louis...is...? Digger offered up a handful of berries; they shimmered, a deep blue in the Egyptian sun.
    "None of your venomous toxins shall pass my lips. You should be ashamed of your behavior. I knew you before, when you were a small bunny living in Hattie May's garden. You were good once, do you not remember?" asked Chug as he shook his head in dismay, at what he was seeing.
    "No I was never good; I have always been a thief."
    "All rabbits are born thieves; it is their nature, it is innate. It is what they are born for, that does not make you a bad person, or bad rabbit. You see you are wrong in your thinking. You can be good. You just choose to be bad. We all have choices to make on a daily basis. It is the choices that you make each day that define you in the end it is who you become that truly matters, the journey is only part of it."
    "You try to confuse me Chug. You are wrong. It is too late for me."
    "No it is never too late. Come back to the world of light, back into the world of good Digger. A zebra cannot change his strips but all the children of the world love rabbits. That is why you were born into this world, to bring joy to all the children of the world. Don't you remember your true purpose in life? You were lovable as a young bunny rabbit. I use to hold you in my arms, remember?"
  Digger was confused. 
  His mind raced to find his memories of the past: of Louis, of Mr. Beamer's, and Hattie May's gardens, of Centerville, and of Chug holding him when he was a younger rabbit.
  Doubts of who he was, now was entered his mind. 
  A seed of doubt had been sub-planted in Digger's poison filled, and cloudy mind. He retreated into the comfort of Louis's shirt once again. He looked down at his blue fingers then pulled another handful of berries from his front pocket. 
  A teardrop formed.
  It gently rolled down the side of his furry face, only to be displaced by his whiskers, then lightly falling into Louis's shirt. Digger lowered his head in shame, at who he had become.
  The ground began to rumble again as Junior called out to Chug.   
    "Chug look to the west! Hathor has begun her journey!"
  The full moon of the Egyptian Summer Solstice exploded on the western horizon. As it lifted upwards out of its deep slumber, Chug could see the dark volcanic craters that pockmarked its surface. The impacted craters were wide and bottomless. The moon with all her history never seemed so close to the horizon as it was on this day. Chug, Junior, and Louis immediately felt the gravitational influence of its sudden appearance. 
  Chug caught Louis as he fell from the moon weighing down, upon him. As they both tumbled to the hot desert-fire sands about their feet, a fiery huge icy asteroid slammed into the regolith that covered the moon's surface, sending moon sands, rock, and dust flying outwards, in a rage, then another asteroid, then another! 
    "Louis snap out it man...wake up. Oh Louis..."
  The ground again began to shake from the weight of the moon's pull upon it. A high tide pulled at the Nile River's banks, which spewed river water across her thick banks. The Valley of the Kings started to flood at the far-east side of the long valley.
  Petar sent another volley of thunderbolts at The Baron and Tut-ankh-Amon. The Baron diverted to the left again in a decisive and quick movement. They were closing once again on Rukh; he shot out flames upwards as a show of bravado, a sizable warning for The Baron to back off.
  It did not work.
  The Baron being smaller and more nimble was able to outmaneuver the lugubrious and more sizeable beast. It stumbled in flight as it tried to keep up. The Baron approached its left flank, once again.
  They clashed in mid-flight. A mighty head-thrust by The Baron into Rukh's left wing outstretched wing sent Rukh reeling into an irregular spiral upwards.
    "Take that you craven, cowardly beast!" screamed out Tut-ankh-Amon as he raised the Staff of Thebans high above his head.
  The bold beast squawked out in pain once again as it regained its mastery of flight. The long shadows of the Pyramid of Khafre were ending as the moon continued her majestic climb up the sky. The safety of the shadows were dismissing above them as they reached the far corner of the stone-mountain. 
  Rukh rolled upside down, as she entered the bright sunlight of the sun, and as she rolled over she exposed her undersides, the most defenseless and unfortified area of her body. The feathers were scarce and thin on the underside, and Charlie knew this as a fact.
  Petar shielded his eyes as they entered the bright sunlight; the light blinded Rukh just for a moment. 
  There was a bright sunburst. A whiteout detonated above them, at just that moment. There was a flash of weakness displayed by the great bird. Charlie dove from high above. Tucking his wings in tightly besides his body, he built up supersonic speeds. Head lowered and hooves tucked up to his sides; he flew like an eagle in pursuit of its prey. 
  Rukh squealed and yelped out again in great pain as Aswan the White... The King of the Arions slammed into her underbelly on last time. Blood spurted out in volume. Her belly had been torn open. Charlie barrel rolled in an escape pattern off to his right side. 
  Seeing the great beast was mortally wounded, The Baron under Tut-ankh-Amon's command moved in for the final kill shot. Holding the Staff of Thebans high in the air, with the broad end braced at his chain mail coat and leather tunic, The Baron circled above in a similar pattern that Charlie had just implored. 
  Diving downwards and inwards with great speed and cunning The Baron flew pass Rukh as Tut-ankh-Amon impaled the Staff of Thebans into Rukh's fiery heart. It discharged from within upon contact with the magical staff. The staff shattered in Tut's hands sending great shards of wood deep into Rukh's sides. 
  The Baron instinctively rolled to his left, with the precision of hummingbird in flight. Now sidling up next to Charlie and stalling in flight, the two great Pegasus's hovered effortlessly, as they admired their recent handy-work.
    "A well executed plan Charlie."
    "I knew Petar and Rukh could not look directly into sunlight. They are after all beings of the Neither World.
  Rukh screamed out in defeat, as she tumbled aimlessly to her death!
  Petra tried to guide her to the earth below, but she would not respond to his commands. He called out words of hatred and filth, the further and quicker she fell. 
    "You have won this battle; but not this war!" shouted out Petar as he fell towards the earth upon his vanquished warrior. Petar was barely audible, or could be heard above the loud cries of the crushed fighter. 
  Rukh was sent smashing into the earth, sending Petar flying off into a large sand dune in front of the Mausoleum of Kings where Charlie, Junior and The Baron had landed earlier that day. 
  Rukh's great breath left him. 
  His eyes rolled back into his head as he wreathed about in pain. His broken and busted wings fluttered about for the last time as Petar now stood over his bird of prey.
  Disgust was in his eyes.
    "What kind of great warrior-bird is this, defeated by two hapless, Pegasi'. I have other means at my disposal yet. I have called for other creatures of the night to fight my battles this day," said Petar as he looked at a glassy eyed Louis who was not more than fifty yards from him.
  Rukh disintegrated to dust before his eyes. The Great Firebird...The Phoenix had gone back to the world, which bore him, only to be reborn again.  
  Petar threw off his black duster as he pressed on once more upon little Louis, his boney skeleton was now totally exposed. You could almost see directly through him. He had not eaten since his thieving ways at the North Pole, three months back. He was rail thin, his bones jetted into his skin, which was tightly wrapped around his gaunt frame. You could grab his spine through his stomach. He was so thin. You could see his heart beating wildly in his chest; his black evil eyes began to spin madly about in his head again.
 He limped towards Louis with hatred raging in his mind.
    "Louis we need to get moving immediately, trouble is on the way again in the form of that walking skeleton right there!"
  Petar shot a black lightning bolt from the tips of each index finger into the scorched earth. The earth shook back in contempt. Petar began his insidious laugh again, the closer he drew in upon the two children.
    "Climb aboard my back boys!" said Junior with new alarm ringing in his voice The Dark Fire approaches once more. Chug grabbed Louis, pulling him towards Junior as Junior crouched down lower to help Chug in his task. Digger looked out of Louis's shirt as he began to shake violently inside of his furry skin.
    "You have done well Digger; you will be rewarded in the end when this is over. You can have all the vegetables you could ever want, and all the blueberries of the Bodhi Tree. You have earned it."
    "Thank you master"
    "No thank you, you are a good thief and burglar."
  Digger slunk back into, the shell of a rabbit that he had become. Another tear of sadness rolled down his weary face.
Digger spoke under his breath to himself. 
    "I am a good rabbit. I only steal vegetables ...nothing more...nothing less...I was born to do that only...Chug was right...this is not my fault...I am not a...a...not a soul robber, like Petar. I can change back..."
  Chug called out to above.
    "Charlie...Aswan the White...we are not finished yet...hurry!"
  His small friend called Aswan back to service. 
    "Tut-ankh-Amon, Chug is right the Firebird is no more, and the full dark moon is rising above. The Blue Hour will before long be upon us and shortly Hathor will appear in her human form to seek her payment."
    "You are right Aswan, but first Petra still lives. We have additional work to do. Follow me."
  Tut-ankh-Amon dug his heels into The Baron's sides then pulled on the reins in his mouth. The Baron shot for the earth once again with his black wings fully extended out from his sides, enlivening the wind beneath them. Both great Pegasus's bolted for the entrance to the Crypt of Kings. 
  As Petar continued to go ahead on Louis and Chug, Junior tried to take to flight but their combined position on his back made for an awkward takeoff. Chug was having a hard time keeping Louis in place on Junior's back. They lifted a few feet off the ground when Petar was finally upon them. He grabbed Louis by the leg pulling him back to the ground thus sending Chug sprawling off Junior. He fell on the other side of the horse well away from him. 
  Aswan landed with his wings fluttering like the fans of a motor boat spinning at full throttle. The red sands of the Fire-Desert rose upon his commands, filling Petar's evil eyes with dust and grit. He dropped little Louis from his grasp and reached for his evil eyes, he scratched at them, trying to relieve the pain. 
  Louis stood to his feet then covered his eyes from the blowing windstorm around him. In a flash Chug was perched upon Junior's back, and in flight heading directly towards Louis. Snatching Louis from certain death, Junior lifted off the burnt earth with Chug having a firm grip of Louis's arm. 
  They were away!
  Charlie reared up, executed a sharp turn by dropping one wing below the other, then, he was gone. 
    "To the cover of the Pyramid of Khufu, there is another chamber on the other side. We make for there!" shouted out Tut-ankh-Amon from above. 
  As the three Pegesus's began to fade from sight Petar shot back at them at the top of his voice, "I call upon the things that go bump in the night. I call the walking dead to rise up from the Neither World! All your souls will be mine in the end. Look to the sky Hathor is almost here. The time of your defeat is at hand. Apophasis the Destroyer, The Dark Serpent is coming!!"
  Petra limped, bloodied but not beaten into the Chamber of the Kings. He raised his hands in the air, commanding the two great battered stone doors of the crypt, to slam shut behind. 
    






















~Chapter 23~
The Return of "Hathor the Solar Deity" 

Battle worn and tired, all now searched for refuge on the other side of Khufu, the Great Pyramid. Gliding into another open burial chamber, and out of the brooding storm above, the three Pegasus with riders landed safely.
    "Baron you are injured?" asked Tut-ankh-Amon in an alarmed state "your wing has been burned." 
    "Battle scare, nothing more. I have suffered worse in combat over the years," declared a courageous Baron.
    "We all have," added Charlie "and I have a feeling there will more wounds, and more scares, before the campaign is through."
    "We must not be deterred in our mission. We have won the first clash with Petar, and The Fire-Bird will return. He will be raised from the dead once again, you can be sure of that, only he will be stronger, and wiser next time. He will not be as easily defeated. The sun will be darkened by the full moon and Hathor's passing, so we will lose our advantage in the sun," said Aswan the White.
    "Aswan is correct; Petar now has control, and guards the entrance to the Neither World."
    "What are you talking about Mr. Beamer?" asked Chug.
    "The Mausoleum of the Kings is the crypt from which the past Dark World lords, trolls, ogres, dragons and other unworldly-beasts will emerge, if we fail in our quest. That is why we first landed there, that is where the Compass of Nubia guided us. 
  We were to guard that opening, and try to seal the two stone doors forever upon our arrival, but we arrived too late, and were immediately called into battle against Rukh and Petar. We will now have to think of another way to keep the Under Dark creatures at bay, until Hathor passes."
    "Why this is getting worse by the minute Charlie. Louis is still under the evil spell of the Bodhi berries, Hathor arrives within the hour, Petar has the upper hand, and one of our own is now injured", made known an ever-worried Chug.
  Digger popped out of Louis's shirt; landing on the ground in front of Mr. Beamer, he placed a finger to the side of his nose, lost in thought.
  All eyes were transfixed on him.
    "The thief appears. What is on the burglar's mind as we ponder our next move," asked Tut-ankh-Amon, showing a sneer on his face.
    "Your name calling does not ingratiate you to me, nor do I like it," replied a stoic Digger "but what you say is true. I am all that you say I truly am, but I have a plan, that may aid us."
    "But you are a spy for the Under Dark, for Peter the Terrible. Why should we trust you? We should be having rabbit stew right now, instead of talking with you," said a mean-spirited Chug.
     "I do not taste very well Chug. Too many poisonous berries line my stomach. You might get sick by eating me. Plus I am old, and my meat will be tough to digest."
    "This is true, you've made your point, now go on, and your plan is?"
    "Well when I was in the Neither World a few days back with Louis trapped inside of the Bodhi Tree, my mind was clouded with toxins, and I was lost in the dark, with Petar controlling my mind. I saw how Louis beat the Under Dark lord, how he bested him, and became a High-Thinker. I think I can become a High-Thinker as well".
    "Continue on," said Tut-ankh-Amon "I am interested in your theory and plans".
    "Well I have to perform a selfless act to be saved from myself, and my ultimate demise. I am still under the influence of the berries, but I have not eaten any of them for an hour or more, and my mind is becoming clearer as I speak. Their hold on me is wearing off. I have eaten them straight for over one year; with not going more than an hour without one in my mouth or stomach, they are that habit forming. I now have run out of my supply, and I begin to see the truth once again."
    "You are doing well Digger, go on..." said Chug.
    "I propose to you. I know the ways of the Neither World and Petar does not know that I have become, how do you say, human again with real feelings. I cried twice since Chug showed me my faults. 
  I propose that I become a spy for you instead. I will dig, which is what I do best, back into the Under Dark, into The Chamber of the Kings, listen to Petar and his evil plans then steal what I can from him. Remember I am a master thief, as we all know."
    "How can we trust you Digger?" asked a tentative Aswan "you might align again with our enemies and become a double-agent working both sides, for your bounty". 
    "I will not betray you. I was once held in Louis's arms and Chugs when I was much younger. I know Hattie May, and Louis's father Jeremy. I know your wife Mr. Beamer, Abigail. I have roots in Centerville. I wish to return there one day, to steal from your garden and Hattie Mays's. I want to live out the rest of my natural born life there."
    "That is the most honest thing I have ever heard, and it rings truthful. Because that is our dream and wish as well, to live out the rest of our natural born lives in Centerville. I can trust you that you are one of us again. No one else could have thought of that, you see you are already in one form or another, a, High-Thinker. You have our blessings. Go at once" directed Mr. Beamer as he reached out his open arms towards Digger.
  Digger hopped into Mr. Beamer's confidence once again as Chug, Junior and the others gathered closer. 
  Digger began to cry, tears of joy.
    "I am so sorry. I have placed you all in great harm's way, by deceiving you, by filling Louis's mind with emptiness. I will not let you down."
  Digger looked about the stone temple, through the faint light, seeing a newborn confidence in his friend's eyes. He jumped out of Mr. Beamer's arms, landing squarely, into the middle of the stone dwelling. A smile crossed his face, as he wiped away another tear.
  Dig and dig, Digger did. 
  Digger thrust his oversized furry feet deep into the reddened, burnt desert sands. Sand grains shot out from behind him as he quickly disappeared from sight, down a rabbit hole heading due south towards the Neither World and the Mausoleum of the Kings on the far side of the Pyramid of Khufu.
  Louis still stood about with emptiness, gripping him. The Bodhi berries still seized his thoughts, and sickened his belly. 
  He then spoke.
    "Where is Petar, my master, why has he not come to me, and taken me back to his father? I did not come all the way to Egypt to loiter and dawdle about, and not meet his friends."
    "Oh Louis...my Louis, what can I do to help you...I need to think..." said a distraught Chug "I have got a solution to this, somewhere in my mind, I just know it..."
  Louis faded once again into a nonbeing.
    "With Digger off on a mission, we must now gather our own thoughts and regroup here. Hathor and the full moon are still on the rise and the Precession of the Equinoxes continues. The earth will begin to fully-shift her axis after the noon hour, and The Staff of Thebans has now been destroyed, we must now turn to our other plan Aswan."
    "You are right Tut. Remember the Snatchers".
    "What are you two talking about?" asked Chug.
    "You have arrived late Chug. We do not have time to inform you of our past plans. Have trust in us. We must now gather our bribe to Hathor then prepare ourselves for another battle with Rukh."
    "You are correct Tut. Junior and I will take to the skies once again, and come in from the backside as before around, Khufu. The Baron can fly in straightly to distract Petra after he drops off Louis, and Chug behind the crypt. Petar will most likely be standing guard outside of the crypt, waiting for Hathor's, glorious entrance, as in the past. She is never late for her earthly arrival. The stars, the sun, and the moon do not change their paths across the skies, just as the tides follow the path of moon and sun."
    "I will mount you as before Aswan, because you are the strongest in flight. With Louis and Chug safe, we can move forward. If we can only get the Book of Aka Manah back, for then Petar will not be able to call his father back to the world of the living, and he will not be able to find the right words to lull Hathor into staying. His powers will diminish."
     "It might not matter if we have the evil book, for Petar will have brought fabulous gemstones, jewel crusted tiara's, golden coins, out of the ordinary and very valuable baubles, silver, and the like. What we have brought might not impress her to depart as she should this time," said Aswan.
     "We can only move forward, and not think of the negative. Let's mount up, Chug" said Tut-ankh-Amon.
 With help from Tut-ankh-Amon, Louis was placed in front of Chug on The Baron then Tut mounted Aswan. Junior stepped in behind his father as they once again took to flight. 
  The skies were stormy and violent overhead. The clouds moved in a counter-clockwise motion, against the natural flow of the winds, tides, and rotation of the earth. It was a super-natural storm. Sheet lighting slashed out at the upper exosphere above the tops of the dark storm, shooting out in a horizontal direction. Inside the center of the great brooding storm was still found, a small clearing above the two great Pyramids of Khufu and Khafre.
  The summer solstice was almost complete. 
  The full summer moon of Hathor the Mistress of the West had risen almost to her apex. It lazily hung in the daytime sky, like a dead man swinging from a hangman's noose, strung across a tree branch at high noon. 
  As the dwarf-planet stalled in its lunar orbit, the Blue Hour, began to slither across it predestinated path.
    "The Blue Hour, it arrives, Tut-ankh-Amon, and look below and to the north, to the mouth of the Nile, the great waters have flooded her banks. The tides of the river has raised her waters, the foretold has started. We are running out of time Aswan," stated a startled Mr. Beamer.
  Banking around the far side of Khafre, The Baron touched down. Chug pulled Louis to safety behind a large stone block, into a safe hiding place for the time being. The Baron straightaway lifted upwards then banked off to the left. Seeing Aswan and Junior hovering above the tip of the great pyramid, The Baron shot downwards towards the stone doors of the king's crypt. 
  Both immense stone doors were closed tightly, not a soul could be found guarding her doors. He circled back around, noticing nothing out of the ordinary. No a dead soul, or living thing in sight, no beast or Under Dark creatures lurked. He motioned for Aswan, Tut-ankh-Amon, and Junior to join him. 
    "I don't understand. Where is Petar?"
    "Unfathomable, the time is right, look at the Compass of Nubia it points to due north, at high-noon" said a very troubled Tut.
  The two vast stone doors of the tomb began to creak and groan.
  A tall dark irreligious and ungodly figure, started to appear at the very back of the last resting place of the dead. 
  It was a creature of the Neither World.
  It was a creature of the labyrinths of the Dark World.
  It was a Minotaur!

  
  Digger surfaced next to an inside back wall of the mausoleum, down below in an anti-chamber, adjacent to the main Hall of Kings, inside of the last place on earth he wanted to be but the first place he had to be the most. 
  After shaking dirt off of his ears and head, he spy-hopped about the grand rocky chasm surrounding him. An eerie blue light hung above and around him, the light of the Blue Hour in the Under Verse. 
  A lone Bodhi Tree glowed off to his left side about a hundred yards away. The sweet smelling blueberries pulled at his mind and soul. He hesitantly, turned towards the tree, took in a deep breath, letting the agreeable smell of the blueberries waft across his rather large fuzzy nose. Another step forwards towards the tree, then another.
  A pause, then a deep thought perplexed him. He spoke out.
    "No...no...no...I cannot..."
    "My Louis...Chug...Centerville and Mr. Beamer's sweet carrots...his garden..."
  He began to shake and shimmy. 
  Profuse sweat came sweeping across his forehead.
  His whiskers grew stiff as he fought off the evil pull on his mind.
  Digger closed his eyes, shutting out the world, trying to make his world go blank.  
  At last the cravings passed.
  Digger, finally and completely, he had broken the spell of the Neither World upon his helpless soul. 
  His mind was clear again once.
    "Towards the great room of the burial chamber, I will find it there. A thief I am and a thief I will always be...in a good way of course" said Digger as he stealthily and with great design hopped downward, towards the bounty that he sought.
   


  The foreboding Minotaur appeared into the faded noontime sunlight. 
  Minotaur's are a race of bovine humanoids who mainly live underground among the subterranean caverns and tunnels of the Under Dark, and can only appear on the earth during the Blue Hour, when the sun's bright light will not hurt their eyes.
  He was a monstrous beast, standing over twenty-five feet high, weighing well over six-thousand pounds. 
  He was stark white from head to toe, like the color of a waterless cloud, hanging in the heavens. He had an exceptionally broad chest, over ten feet across at its widest point. There were thick, muscled hairy legs that were as ample and as thick as the trunk of an old tree, found in an ancient forest. 
  He had the body of a giant man, with the head and tail of a bull. The snow-white bull had two large horns placed on both sides of his head that were as sharp as a stonecutter's diamond tipped tool. The twisted bullhorns stood well over five feet in the air, off the crown of his substantial head. His tail was over ten feet long, hairy and thorn tipped. 
  Carried in his left hand was a pitched-fork hewn in the Dark World below. It was made of solid gold, diamond tipped, and was well over fifteen feet long from bottom to top. 
  Both, deadly weapons, if need be.
  His name was Paragus.
  Chug poked his head around a large stone block upon hearing the two great stone-marble doors open. 
    "No it can't be Louis...a creature to fear, worse than Petar...no..."
   Louis had not had a Bodhi blueberry for over one hour now, his mind began to gently and very slightly clear, as Diggers had.
    "What is it, what did you say...who is there? Chug...is it you...?"
    "Louis yes! It is your Chug! Are you back with us? You must be feeling better, quickly back behind this stone block...here. Quiet down now, we are in trouble once again Louis."
    "Did I flub up a catch again?"
    "No Louis, you are in Egypt, on a great quest. You are supposed to save the world now."
    "Oh I thought it was something important like winning the three-legged race at the fair, with Short-Stack. Now that is important!"
    "No Louis, you must still be under the influence of those hated berries. Oh Louis please...wake up..."
  Louis was very slowly coming out of his doldrums, out of his spellbound funk.
    "We need more time Louis...you will be yourself once...again..."
    "Yes but how is Petar...is he OK...?"
    "No Louis...no..."
   Paragus advanced to the front of the crypt, now standing as a sentinel, guarding the entrance to the Neither World.
    "The great doors opened fully."
    "Yes I see Aswan, and look, what comes from the depths of the dark?" asked Junior.
    "It is...Paragus the Gate Keeper...a servant of the Dark Lord".
    "That is true Tut-ankh-Amon. I knew we would have to face him, remember the writings in the Good Book foretold it. Hathor will be here soon at the base of vault. We must confront Paragus and now Petar once again," said Aswan as he motioned for them to descend towards the ground.
  The three Pegasus shot downwards, onwards towards the great stone vault landing squarely in front of the two open doors, and the great white Minotaur.
  Paragus raised his diamond-crested pitchfork, laying it crosswise across his body in a guarded stance.
    "We must speak with Petar, Paragus," said Tut-ankh-Amon in a commanding tone "a deal must be struck, before Hathor returns."
    "No deals! Petar plans your demise. It is too late for deals, look to the skies. Into the circle of light above...the Goddess of Darkness and Chaos...she comes!"
  Paragus pointed his pitched fork to the sky.
  Riding upon Rukh The Re-born Phoenix, Hathor approached. Circling downward, Rukh screeched out, a high-pitched wail. It echoed throughout the valley, clamoring against the great stone pyramids, down into the ears of all present. Rukh announced Hathor's arrival with flair. 
  Chug covered Louis's ears, as all others covered theirs. The scream of the firebird was horrifying and all encompassing. Lower and lower the golden firebird descended, towards the stone vault, until at last Rukh touched down in front of the Mausoleum of the Kings."
  Rukh lifted her head upwards to the heavens sending forth, scalding hot, yellow, blue, and red flames from deep within her scorched throat, to well-over fifty yards upwards, into the world of the Blue Hour. 
  The full blue moon, in all her brilliance hung above the three great pyramids in the Valley of the Kings, upon the complete arrival of the summer solstice. The moon had now completely blocked out the sun's warmth. A cool, biting wind blew in over the fire-desert's red sands, upon her arrival.
  Hathor demounted Rukh effortlessly and with great flair.  
  She was a tall, thin woman by means of porcelain skin, with elegant, well-designed features. Her face was long and lean, with perfect facial skin tone: thin lips, wide cat-like, stunningly beautiful green eyes, a slim nose, and a delicate jaw line.
  She wore a long golden red dress, tailored to fit her slim frame. Precious jewels lined both sides of her gown, and a thin belt that was strapped around her slight waist. Her nails and feet were well-manicured and silky smooth. Each long lanky, frail finger was covered with larger than life diamond rings, which refracted out a ghostlike blue light, like that of the Blue Hour that surrounded them. Artfully placed upon her head, she wore the headdress of a sun disk and cow's horn, about twelve inches high and across, it was made of solid gold. It refracted the light of the Blue Hour, backscattering it about far and wide.
  She was a spectacle to behold.
  She gracefully glided towards Paragus.
    "I see you have met The Gate Keeper of the Mausoleum of the Kings. He is the protector and sentinel of earthly jewels that lie deep within the stone vaults below. Have you brought me more jewels to add to my collection?"
    "We have brought something more precious than gold and jewels," proclaimed Tut-ankh-Amon."
    "I am listening Tut-ankh-Amon. For I know you. You have offered me many gifts in the past. It is time once again for your payment to me. For I am just like any other woman, I covet the things of beauty, prettiness, and splendor in the world, the things of true worth" said Hathor as she gently waived a diamond ring across her long, thin frame. 
  From the depths of the vault a foreboding, familiar voice interrupted them.
    "I have brought you attractiveness and exquisiteness in the form of gifts of true value as Tut-ankh-Amon will now, only more so" made known Petar as he stepped into the blue light of the new hour."
  Junior reared up in a defensive position as The Baron mimicked his plight.
  Hathor spoke.
    "We barter today. Good and evil must settle their differences at another time. I will be the arbitrator, adjudicator, and judge of the near future as in the past. Speak now Petar."
    "I offer to you now for your considerations, a gift which no one can match."
    "Continue Petar Deegan."
    "I have brought you the future minds of all the children in the world: their souls and dutiful allegiances will be yours to command. For I have acquired the evil book of Aka Manah which has shown me the true light of the darkness. I also bring you their leader, his mind, and his loyalties."
    "Who have you brought me?" asked an inquisitive Hathor.
    "I bring you the soul of Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri, the Child-King. Step forward Ozymandia" decreed Petar.
  Chug tried to stop Louis from advancing, but to no avail. Louis's eyes showed no emotion, they once again glazed over with nothingness, as his shoulders and arms went as limp as a windless sail. Louis advanced closer to Petar as the others could only observe in utter disbelief.
    "Evil has taken a hold of his mind, can you not see that? He is under the spell of the Under Dark blurted out Aswan.
    "That is not my concern. I only desire complete wealth, power, and beauty, be it in the form of good or evil, it does not matter."
  Louis spoke out in a meek, trembling voice.
    "Mother...Hathor...I am here. I will do as you wish..."
    "No Louis..!" shouted out Chug "it cannot be..!"
  Louis now stood right next to the beautiful and powerful supernatural being. She placed her thin fingers upon his fiery red hair. 
    "He is the spitting image of Ra. The cobalt blue eyes are the same. He does have the mark, he must be from the right family line. I accept your gift unless..."
    "I have brought gifts that are of more value than, that of the soul and allegiances of a small boy."
    "Yes continue...," asked Hathor as she continued to stroke Louis's soft red hair.
    "I have brought you the most valuable, Compass of Nubia. It helped build these, pyramids you stand before, all those years ago. It can give you guidance to build more cities and stone temples, a new kingdom I offer you. That is the power that lies within the magical compass's guidance," said Tut-ankh-Amon".
    "That is indeed a fine gift, what else have you brought me Tut? Petar offers me valuable souls."
  Petar interrupted.
    "I have brought you an even greater gift than, the gift of a kingdom to build. I have brought you the most coveted jewel the world has ever known. There is nothing more beautiful in this natural world than this. It is the Jewel of the Nile. Queen Nefertiti, The Great Royal Wife of ancient Egypt was once the proud owner of this priceless jewel. 
  Paragus the Minotaur slowly raised his right hand, uncurled his fingers and there lying in his well-weathered hand was the largest diamond the world has ever seen. The allotrope of carbon was never more beautiful to behold. As the light from the Blue Hour shown upon its face' there was a broad optical dispersion
    "Long ago it was buried inside of the Crypt of the Kings; I am now the ruler of that crypt, and I own all the jewels that lie within her belly."
   If you accept my two gifts, then as it once was in the past, and should be in the future, the light of the Blue Hour will stay, and be mine to command. Evil will rule the world, and I will be its sole master. You will allow the full moon of the summer solstice to hang above the world till the end of eternity," said a confidant Petar as he moved next to Paragus with a cunning smirk showing on his face.
    "Wait...! I am not done with my offerings Hathor. Before you accept an offer from the Neither World and fall into cahoots with its chief organizer let me put forth my full bid!" said an exuberant Tut-ankh-Amon.
    "Show your worth to the world of good as the leader of the Ancients Tut-ankh-Amon. Arion and Ancient won this battle the last time I crossed your skies. You have always bought my services and won my loyalty. For me to move onwards again, back into my celestial cycle, and keep time with all things in the universe that are good, you will need to up the ante."
    "Look...I bring you the Silver Shield of Hercales, and the Bow and Quiver of Ra, the Sun God. They are strapped across the back of our Louis, who stands beside you. They are most coveted, and there is none other that exists in the world. Surely you know their worth, and the power they possess?"
    "That I do... Tut-ankh-Amon...those are indeed fine gifts."
    "No Hathor!" shouted out Petar with a disturbed look on his face "he cannot offer you something you already own. The child is at your side, he has consented to be your servant. I have given you him and his soul. He is willfully accepting you as his master. He just spoke to you and called you mother, so you see Tut cannot offer what he does not rightfully own."
    "You are correct Petar. We shall speak no more of his allegiances that is settled. Now before you were interrupted Petar, you were going to offer me another great gift. Speak."
    "Yes now we are getting somewhere Hathor."
    "This is trickery!" shouted out Chug above all other voices "Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri...my Louis...my best friend has been drugged by a spy of the Under World. Digger the thief, and bandit has been slowly poisoning Louis with blueberries from the Bodhi Tree, look at his lips and tongue, they are blue! The color of the spellbinding berries."
  Digger now showed his face into the blue light of the day at the crypt doors, he was inside of Petar's lair, behind enemy lines. As he saw Louis again in his nothingness state, another tear crossed his cheek, it fell to the earth below. He thought again to himself as he slunk around a rock out of sight of the others. "I must right this wrong. This is all, my fault. Hathor must know the truth."
    "Small boys are known to eat all types of things they should not. How am I to believe that Petar does not barter, and speak in good faith? I need proof of your allegations Chug."
  Petar shot a blistering look at Digger, as he peered once again around the rock-face. 
  The stare chilled Digger to the bone.
  Digger froze in place.
  Fear gripped him.
    "No one comes forward, no proof. Again, we have settled that. What else do you offer me Tut-ankh-Amon or Aswan the White? Then I will take one last counter offer from Petar. A decision will be made after that that should decide this mystery and most perplexing problem, and the future of the world.
    "Good! I am glad you grow weary of this, as I do. I now offer you something that nothing on this earth could possibly be more valuable. It has been the most coveted prize that the Ancients and Arions have possessed though out history. This prize is the guiding light that has transformed, modern day man. Through its magical powers it has bonded Ancient and Arion and all good in the world since man himself first started to walk upon this earth" said Tut-ankh-Amon. 
  Aswan gingerly approached his friend, The Wizard.
    "Tut-ankh-Amon, I do not carry that bell anymore. It was a gift to...to...Louis. He is the wearer now, and the holder of that magic, do you not remember?" said a crestfallen Aswan.
    "No Charlie...Mr. Beamer...it cannot be...not again. Louis has the Magic Bell of Amun-Ra around his neck. It cannot be offered as a gift...!" cried out a hysterical Chug as he ran to Mr. Beamer's open arms "we have lost!"
    "Yes you have boy! And you Aswan, and you Junior, The Baron and of course Tut. Plus I now offer my last gift to Hathor only to seal the deal."
    "I agree with you Petar. It is not theirs to give. I already own the bell. Go on Petar, because our time here is up" asked Hathor with a quizzical eye bent towards Petar.
    "You see there are two great thief's in the world, Digger the criminal and burglar and I. I have been following Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri for the better part of two years now. I lingered and watched him in the dark, just waiting for his great quests to take him to the most valuable thing the world has ever known, and what the world covets the most. The most powerful thing on earth that only Tut-ankh-Amon and Aswan the White would know about, and understand what I speak. They in fact lead me to this thing of beauty unbeknownst to them."
    "What have you done now Petar Deegan Aden? What...Mehan the Serpent Rider, the ruler of the Neither World, the Giver of Darkness, the Harbinger of all Things Dark and Evil!" called out Tut-ankh-Amon at the top of his lungs! 
    "The Eye of Providence, the all-seeing Eye of Divinity the Watching eye of all Humankind that belonged to the Healer...to...Sanat Kumara...The Super-Being, now belongs to me. His demise was at hand, and he owes it all to you Tut-ankh-Amon. You lead me to him. With the help of Rukh we flew into his cloudy lair, it was a quick death, he did not suffer."
    "I knew that evil has corrupted your dark soul, but you have gone too far! There will be no deal. Death is now at your door Petar!" shouted out Tut-ankh-Amon.
    "I am drained of your bickering," said a wearisome Hathor "I will return within the hour. Give me your final offerings then" 
  Alighting to Rukh, she mounted gracefully. She was away. Lifting upwards, easily riding Rukh great wings, into the dark maelstrom circling overhead. As she entered the dark storm, a large band of black lightning bolts shot downwards, striking the earth about the stone pyramids. The thunderclaps echoed about the valley.
  Chug cowered as the thunder rang about him, as Louis looked to the black heavens above, lost in confusion.
    "Your pitchfork Paragus; aim for the heart of our detractors and enemies! Tut-ankh-Amon, you will not survive the day!" roared out Petar as the sounds of thunder dissipated.
  As the ground began to shutter again with the continuation of The Procession of the Equinox, Paragus lost his footing as he raised his gilded, and diamond encrusted spear. His throw went errant, landing harmlessly to the left side of Tut-ankh-Amon and Aswan. Petar howled out in defeat. "After them, Paragus!!"
  Louis being grabbed by Chug was dragged to cover once again behind a great stone block off to the left of the stone gates. Petar noted the movement out of the corner of his eye. He then shot his angry gaze back at Tut-ankh-Amon and Junior. The earth's shaking subsided as another lightning bolt shot out overhead.
  Petar, the Giver of Darkness summoned his rage and resentment for the living world. Raising his boney head, he exposed his spinning evil eyes, locking his deathly gaze upon Junior. Junior accidently locked eyes with Petar. Being the younger, less experienced, and weaker of the Pegasus's he immediately fell under his wicked spell. 
    "Do not stare straightaway into his watch!" wailed out Aswan. 
  It was too late. 
  Junior quickly slumped to the ground, with his forelegs and hind legs folding under him in an awkward manner. It was painful to watch for his father.
  Petar moved ahead towards Paragus with a quick bound, grabbed the Eye of Providence, forcefully he shoved it into his mouth, swallowing it whole.
    "The only way this will return to the living world is over my dead body!" bellowed out Petar.
    "That arrangement can be made!!" shrieked out Aswan, as he looked his fallen son over. 
  Digger seeing the mayhem, he had participated in, fumed and angered under his fur! Gnashing his two large front teeth together, he found a solution to his outrage.
  He spoke again.
    "I will end this evil."
  He shot into the earth once again, digging like a ravenous snow fox scampering to find its terrified prey, retreating in horror under the thin snow below. 
  Digger was gone in a flash, out of sight once again, heading towards the Neither World...toward his own salvation.
    "Louis...oh...please...please wake!" cried out an impassioned Chug "you are to save the world. Wake up! Wake up!" Chug shook Louis with all his might, rattling the sliver chainmail hanging across his thin chest, and The Shield of Heracles strewn acro     ss his back. 
  To no avail!
    "Where did my mother go...Hathor? Where is my father...?"
    "No..."
    "I hear you son. He will be here shortly...we await his arrival from the Under Dark!" said a heated Petar as he wiggled about in delight.
    "Hathor is not your mother Louis! You are Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri and your destiny calls you! Step forth young man and claim your future!!" hollered out Tut-ankh-Amon.
  Chug shook Louis again...nothing.
    "Enough!" shouted Aswan "we will move forward without him the best we can!"
  Gabbing Paragus's spear, Tut-ankh-Amon, sent forth a return salvo. As the spear flew pass Petar's left ear, it landed squarely in the middle of one of the stone doors to the crypt, shattering it to pieces, sending stone flying out in all directions.
  The ground shook again violently, sending all crashing to the ground. Two large black lightning bolts thundered down from above, blistering the ground at The Baron's hoofs.
    "I can best win this fight from the air!" shouted out The Baron.  
    "I as well" shot back Aswan. Both Pegasus bolted for the skies as Petar shouted commands to the Minotaur. 
    "Apophasis the Destroyer comes to our rescue! My father comes!! Paragus release the beasts of the deep upon the world! I command you!"
    "Yes my lord. You are Mehan the Serpent Rider; you are the wearer of the Evil Eye of Horus Amduat and Eye of Wedjat. Behold!" said Paragus.
  Paragus stumbled to his feet. His barbed tail took a wide swipe at Chug as he spun about. Chug shoved Louis out of the way, as he ducked for cover, narrowly missing both with its deathly intent. 
  Paragus dislodged his pitched-fork from the crushed stone door and as he did, he raised it above his head. Another quick whip of his massive tail and the second stone door of the Mausoleum of the Kings shattered into a thousand stones.
  With a quick downwards stoke of his arm the pitched-fork was loose again, hitting the far back wall of the crypt. The back stoned wall crumbled under its power, opening up the vast vault of the Neither World to the world of blue light.
    "Come forth my friends and allies, for we are now free to roam in the new light of the new day under Hathor's gift to us."
  Thunderous footsteps, deep voices, hideous growls, and screeching caterwauls sprang out from deep within the throat of the crypt. The voices of the beasts of the night called out. 


  Digger dug and dug, quicker and deeper than he has ever been before, around the backside of the crypt, then quickly through the dirt roof he fell, falling through the blue-lit world, into a vast opening of the Under Dark, into the underworld of unnatural beasts.
  George the Cave Troll lurched by Digger, almost crushing him underfoot. Right behind him Harry the Centaur was seen, smiling like a demon on the loose in the night, behind him, Olle the Ogre lurched by then coming out of the very backside of the Under Dark was, Dragon the Fire-Breathing Dragon. 
  Digger quickly gathered himself hopping to safety behind a large rock, as a large drool from George the Cave Troll, splattered across his soft fur. 
  Digger curled up in disgust.
    "Nasty beast," mumbled Digger as he cleaned his fur the best he could. 
    "Now where are that evil book and Petar's jewels that he is so prideful about? I will level this playing field, soon enough" proclaimed the now ever more enlivened, and clear thinking little rabbit.  
  Dragon the Fire-Breathing Dragon flapped both of his menacing wings in delight, as he made his way up the wide rocky trail pass Digger, who was deep in thought. 
    "Freedom will soon be mine", boasted Dragon as he passed "I've been waiting three thousand years to return to the earthly skies, today is the day of my redemption".
  Digger did not falter. 
  The narrow-minded rabbit now set forth downward on the path, deeper into the abyss. Seeing the slow moving black river again, and a few Bodhi Trees brought back strangely fond, yet horrifying memories of his past sinful life. 
  He shuddered at the dark thoughts, they brought. 
  He shook off the pull once again, of the Under Dark World. He continued to hop on a downward spiral, following the worn rocky pathway. A turn in the road, then another then a new vast opening came into view. 
  Upon a long squint of his eyes, and a focus of his keen eyesight, a large bonfire burned in the far off distance, lit in the center of the infinite cave. He stood with eyes agape at what he was beholding.
  Strewn around the fire, and the very center of the cave, were the priceless jewels of the Neither World. They were within his grasp. 
  He had done it!
  He had found the treasure trove of all the plundered jewels, of the world, since the beginning of time, they were all amassed within this one cave, within these silent, black earthen walls. 
  He darted and hopped with wild abandon towards the stash of ill-gotten gains. Upon reaching the center of the cave, and hopping onto the tallest piles of gems and jewels, he pondered his life once again, thinking aloud to himself.
    "I could be a king, among kings! I could rule the Neither World! I could...I could..."   
  Looking below his furry feet, he saw a diamond crested of one a kind tiara, a large flawless pink diamond, golden treasure chests filled with silver coins, golden coins, and rare heirlooms; large yellow-gold goblets, rarified cups made of pure silver, there were large amethyst, rubies, with other precious gems, all piled high upon plates of solid gold.
    "I will only take this one large pink diamond, no one will miss this" said the burglar as it disappeared into his front pouch.
  The prized bounty was endless and mindboggling. 
  Digger was lost in wonderment, upon their viewing, but then another clear thought entered his mind. Where is the evil Book of Aka Manah that is my quest, not these jewels or gold, that I could use for my own betterment and power, also where is the Golden Heart of Mehan the Serpent? They must be here somewhere."
  He swiftly began searching about the golden treasures surrounding him, but to no avail when out of the darkest corner of the oversized cave a gravelly voice, and a horrifying slithering sound, was now heard thundering up the path. 
  Another ghastly beast of the Under Verse approached. 
  Digger instantly dove for cover inside of a large gold chest, all the while pushing aside a large deposit of pirated silver and gold coins. 
  As the outsized creature approached the center of the cave, the ground shook below Digger's feet, dispersing great piles of plunder around him. The sounds of this living thing's enormous body skidding by, terrified the little rabbit to no end. A snapping sound echoed about. It was the sound of the great snake tasting the air.
  The hiding rabbit dared not to jeopardize his position. He held steadfast inside of his golden coffin, as the lingering danger subsidized. 
  When he thought all was safe for the time being, he poked his two ears out of the golden casket. The horrific sounds of the snakes body slithering along in the off-colored otherworldly lights, kept diminishing. 
  Now poking his head up above the lid of his hiding place, all Digger could see in the strange red and yellow firelight, was a long, thick, scaly tail of the great beast. Nestled on the tip of the ominous tail was a series of nested, hollow beads perched squarely on its tip.
  It sluggishly disappeared, around a large boulder in the pathway. Slowly moving upwards, making a most foreboding rattle sound, which was meant as a sizeable warning for all, that he was approaching and to beware.
  The ominous rattling clatter pierced deep into Digger's soul. His kind heart pounded wildly in his tiny chess.
  His pulse quickened as a singular thought came to mind: ...Apophasis the Destroyer has now been summoned by his son, and is on the move towards daylight.
  Digger sat back down on upon the pile of gold coins with his mind just racing. Looking to his left side, into the very corner of the golden coffin, there it was! The Evil Book of Aka Manah and the Golden Heart of Mehan the Serpent King, Digger could not believe his good fortune. He tried to raise a large golden cauldron to remove the treasures lying beneath it, but it was just too heavy. "I will etch this spot in my mind, and I will soon return with Louis, to retrieve them. I have found our salvation," said Digger to himself.


  Olle the Ogre was the first to show his head into the blue light of the new day.
    "Free at last!" shouted out the beast upon finding his freedom. Behind him slowly appeared George the Cave Troll, "Your words ring true!" shouted out the great creature "freedom is ours we will now rule the Blue Hour once again!"
    "Not so fast boys," shouted back Tut-ankh-Amon "a deal has not been struck yet with Hathor. She will return within the hour to settle our squabbles as in the past."
    "My first moment of freedom in three thousand years, and I have the most unfortunate honor of seeing an Ancient...Tut-ankh-Amon, don't you ever die?"
    "Not so fast George, for I have brought another of your ancient foes, Aswan the White."
  Aswan swooped down upon the unwary cave troll, knocking him to his feet with a might kick of his two rear legs. George tumbled downwards, falling awkwardly, face first into the reddened sands of Egypt. Olle seeing George sprawled out in front of his oddly curled toes, and wreaking feet grabbed George's mammoth, knotted club out of his hand swinging it high above his head with meaning, barely missing Aswan as he made a well-rehearsed, evasive maneuver. 
    "Reinforcements from the Under Dark...how do you like my friends Tut-ankh-Amon?" asked Petar wryly.
    "They are just as vile and as empty in their souls as you are Petar. You all will be soon returning to your nasty lairs, shortly enough!" yelled out the wizened wizard as Charlie quickly glided in towards him, Tut reached out an arm with an extended hand, catching Aswan's saddle as he gracefully flew by. Mounted once again on leather saddle and back soaring above the red sands of Egypt, and below, the darkened storm clouds circling above them, Tut called out to The Baron with fury ringing in his voice. 
    "Junior, Chug, and Louis are not safe anymore they have been exposed. Their rescue is your solemn duty, quickly!" 
  The Baron innately sprung into action. 
  His two feathered wings shot to his sides. In a rapid decent towards the crypt, he flew with all his might. His long flowing tail and mane, strung along his broad neck, flapped in the wind like a child's kite unfettered, and on the loose in a raging tornado.            
  Performing a well-executed barrel roll, The Baron sidestepped another deathly blow by Olle the Ogre with George's wooden club. Chug began dragging Louis away from a few larger stone blocks (that had been their hiding place), towards Junior as The Baron approached from on high.
   Paragus seeing a rescue of the two children was at hand took a broad leap into the back of the crypt, quickly reappearing with his diamond-crusted pitched-fork in hand once again. In another quick motion, the spear was away. It pierced The Baron's left outstretched wing, sending him spiraling down into the soft, sand covered earth below.
  The Baron howled out loudly in pain and defeat, as the spear passed through his feathered arm, causing him to crash land next to Junior, who was still immobilized, lying dazed and confused by the shattered doors of the ancient mausoleum. 
  Painful cries blared from above by an angered and pain-filled Aswan.
    "Baron!" screamed out the enraged pride filled Aswan "I will come to your rescue!"
  The Baron during impact rolled to his left side, flipping over Chug, who pulled Louis underneath his body for protection.
  Petar's eyes spun wildly counter clockwise once again in his black eye sockets, as his boney body shook like a jellyfish, during a maelstrom. He screeched out shouts of joy at the tops of his lungs, "He is defeated!"
  Paragus now turned his full attentions towards the two small children as Petar barked out orders in a demanding tone, "No more games, finish the red-haired one with the cobalt eyes, he is their only savior now. Two great Pegasus's have been crushed in battle, Aswan and Tut-ankh-Amon, cannot best me now by themselves their ranks have thinned!"
  Aswan, with his cunning rider guiding his decent, screamed out in pain once more at seeing The Baron, trying to limp away from the charging Minotaur. With feathered wings tucked in tight at his muscled sides, Aswan gathered speed. Another mighty thrust of Aswan's front hooves upon Paragus, sent him flying back into the crypt just as Dragon the Fire-Breathing Dragon entered into the light of the Blue Hour.   
  Both were smashed into unconsciousness at they violently collided.
  Chug regained his senses.
  He spun Louis around one last time, this time he slapped him across the face with an open hand, as he did this clarity of thought gripped him as his mind raced again, trying to find a solution to Louis's malaise and confusion.
  A plea was answered.
    "Molly...you're a genius...you truly are!!" screamed out Chug as Aswan and Tut-ankh-Amon, shot a backwards glance at him, as they both fought to bank to the right to avoid a collision of their own, with the Pyramid of Khufu.
    "My blood brother...your salvation has arrived, thanks to your trusted friend remembering a cure to your funk!"
    "No magic can cure the evil spell of the Bodhi berry. This child is too young and too weak-minded for you to help him now," said a cunning Petar as he progressed on Chug.
    "You are wrong Petar, love conquers all," surmised Chug "just as good will always, conquer evil!"
  Chug tried his best to steady Louis, but Louis's legs buckled below him, as Chug lost his grip on his chain mail coat. Once again, Chug tried to support his spellbound friend, only this time he slung one of his long arms across Louis's thin shoulders. He then with great conviction slammed a closed fist, into Louis's thin mid-section, knocking the desert's hot air, clean out of Louis's now quaking lungs. 
  Chug lost his grip once more as Louis fell downwards, like a deflating balloon. He sprawled out on the sand upon impact, sending his eyes rolling back up into his head then back again like a ping-pong ball, spinning inside, a clothes dryer. Louis eyes finally stopped rolling long enough for him to reach to his belly; he let out a deafening scream of pain as he gained his senses.
    "Now you're not spellbound!! Now you're pissed off!!" screamed out his best friend,
  Louis gasped for air as he looked over at Chug "now go save the world already!!"   




































~Chapter 24~
Apophasis the Destroyer

The Mausoleum of the Kings was smashed to smithereens as Apophasis the Destroyer slithered out of his seedy lair, into the spine-chilling light of the Blue Hour, into his new freedom.
  The viper's massive pitch black and mottled body rose steadily upwards as he exited the shattered ruins of the stone crypt, during the process he dwarfed Paragus, George the Cave Troll and Olle the Ogre, standing nearby. 
  All eyes rose upwards in disbelief, as his full bulk and girth were revealed to them. As he reached the apex of his height, the hood found below and to the sides his overweight head, expanded to well over thirty feet across. 
  Two massive angry green orbs scanned about the Valley of Kings, as all stood transfixed below within his far-reaching, foreboding shadow. Below the corner of his left eye could be seen the mark of Mehan the Serpent Rider. It was tear dropped in shape, about two foot long and wide. It was a deep blood red color (a sizable mark), most likely hewn from a great battle with another Under World beast.
    His large, lighter colored black and red mouth was lined with two rows of  serrated teeth, menacingly set upon his upper and lower jaws, which could detach and widen upon command thus allowing him to devour and swallow any unfortunate pray, found to be within his reach, or who was larger than him.  
  He was fanged.
  The two white toothed daggers were over three feet long, curved downwards and inwards, from his upper jaw. Upon demand, a venomous stream of deadly toxins could shoot forth from the center of the fang. After a quick thrusting bite, his foe would paralyze, until a quick agonizing death, would overcome them. 
  Shooting outwards from within his deep broad throat and mouth was a black forked tongue, found to be within the same dimensions and measurements of the rest of his body and head, split into two distinct tines at the tip. 
  Apophasis licked the air with disgust. 
  Sensing from both sides of the head and following sent trails based on chemical cues, he explored his new world with taste and smell. 
  One hundred and fifty feet long from the top of his stout head and hood, to the tip of his all-encompassing rattle. He gave the rattle a sinister and very threatening shake, sending chills down all who stood before him.
    "Father, you have arisen", understood a now coy and more reserved Petar "you heard my callings".   
    "Son, you look a little thin since the last time I saw you...all bones...little skin..." said the loathsome serpent "and I see you now wield the power held within the two evil eyes of the Neither World".
  Chug and Louis stumbled, and fell away hearing the bone-chilling, deep baritoned voice of the great viper. Aswan the White with Tut-ankh-Amon firmly seated in his saddle reared up in apprehension, and terror of what might befall them.
  Apophasis the Destroyer licked at the air once more. The tongue slapped at the air, darting backward and forward in a maniacal fashion as an ungodly hissing sound, rumbled outwards from his dark, black-hearted soul.   
  Aswan lost focus shortly at the sight of such a beast slightly he trembled, as he hovered just out of reach of a quick tongue strike, just in case one was forthcoming. Junior and The Baron were still found incapacitated and wounded they could neither fly nor retreat. They were at the mercy of the Dark World serpent. 
  Apophasis slyly looked over at both Pegasus's, and then scanned further outwards towards the Pyramid of Khufu, where Chug and Louis were standing in awe next to a great stone block.
    "You have brought me Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri...Petar," said the arrogant serpent "you have done well. Look how he trembles below in my shadow". 
    "I tremble not!" exclaimed Louis in a hot and bothered manner "for I am here to crush and demolish your rule, in the new world of the blue light! I have been called upon, to annihilate evil from the world, and once again claim my throne, for I am the new Child King, the Chosen One.
    "Surely you boast little one, and no not what you speak of, for I am Apophasis the Destroyer, the swallower of men, beast, and animals and... of course...little boys! They taste especially delicious!"
  Chug stood with mouth agape and tongue limp, as Louis proclaimed his might to the world.
  Chug spoke out below his breath.
    "Just look at my Louis now...the Child-King".
    "He has been known as: Louis the White, Louis the Red, The Killer of Great Cave Bears" and ancient very ferocious wolves, for he is all that he says he is..." called out Petar, as both of his evil eyes shook and spun wildly about in his head, "he is more mighty than he appears father...beware."
    "You called me to come forth from the deep, from the comfort of my jeweled throne to fight this, supposed Child-King. I will now finish what you could not, my weak son. Climb aboard my broad neck, and together we shall put an end to this dispute between...good and evil...Ancient, and Arion, and that of the Neither World and the days of eternal sunlight. For when Hathor the Solar Deity, Hathor the Mistress of Eclipses returns, our offerings she will accept and then, the blue light will rule the future of this planet."
    "Apophasis is you aware, or have you forgotten that Mehan the Serpent Rider...your son...is the reason for your entombment, inside of the dark Under World in the first place, and that he has taken your mother's life as well...the life of your wife Kauket, the God of Chaotic Darkness, of Reflection, and Hidden-Darkness."
    "Does he speak the truth my son?"
    "No father, he speaks with a forked tongue more poisonous than yours," said a now worried Petar Deegan Aden, "the Evil Eye of Horus Amduat and the Evil Eye of Wedjat, were given to me as presents from you both. Do you not remember father?"
    "Telling the truth for the first time in my life, it has been so long that I cannot remember. This new form, that of a serpent, has been good to me, and I am the ruler of the Under Dark, so whatever life that I lived before this one must have been predestined for failure, so that I could rule in the new world of below. You are right son he speaks with a fork tongue, and with venomous breath. Whatever happened to your mother is no concern of mine. My Kauket was a good wife, and she will rule in her new world in her own time, but my time to rule, is upon us once again, the here and now...Behold!"
  Apophasis the Destroyer's black forked tongue with one quick flick, shot out from his wry mouth, a near miss, striking a massive stone block lying next to Louis. It shattered it to pieces. 
  Louis dove for cover, pulling Chug to safety in the course. 
    "I will protect you Chug," said Louis as he winked coyly at his best friend "for I am the Child-King and first baseman for the Centerville Giants."
    "Nice to have you back Louis" replied Chug as he winked in return "we have work to do".
    "Yes we do."
  Dragon the Fire-Breathing Dragon now stirred. 
  His malaise faded away as his conscientiousness bit by bit returned, along with George the Cave Trolls. All the forces of the Under Dark were now alive and would soon be bearing down on poor little Louis. Paragus moved forward now standing directly by Dragon and Apophasis.
 Louis stood his ground shouting out to the heavens his true intentions to anyone within ear shod.
  "I am...Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri, the noted High Thinker, the son of Captain Jeremy Parks, the renowned army Captain and war hero! I am the wearer of the blue eyes of RA. I am the direct descendant of past powerful kings, and rulers of the world of daylight. I am the son of RA. He is the Creative Power and Creator!
 I hold the mark of the cobalt eye, and am the wearer of the fiery crown of red hair, which I now command to rise up, it is the mark of my courage!"
  Chug was truly dumbfounded and most flabbergasted, upon listening to Louis's spirited declarations. Mr. Beamer looked downwards as Charlie look upwards, both of their eyes met, both finding the same conclusions, was that our little Louis, picking a fight against; two giants, a Fire-Breathing Dragon, a Minotaur, a venomous oversized demon-snake, and a dual evil-eye-wearing, walking-skeleton who wants to rule the world, which all were recently raised from the Neither World.
    "Pretty good speech...ugh?" asked little Louis as he once again looked over at Chug and smiled, "now time to get to work. First take this Heaven's Heart and apply it to our two wounded friends, it will hasten their healings. Now back to our immediate worries." Louis quickly produced the balm from his front pocket, throwing it to Chug with a swift flip of the wrist.
    "Don't let me stop you...you're on a roll", chimed in an uplifted Chug.
  Louis rattled his chain mail coat, grabbed his shield and sword, and then crouched down in a defensive stance.
    "Now you BEHOLD, Apophasis the Destroyer!" shouted out Louis at the top of his lungs. 
  Louis brought forth all of his courage and determination, into a central focus. Upon squinting up his eyes, and scrunching up his nose, it happened!
  His fiery red cowl-lick rose up with great conviction at the back of his head, "AS I SAID BEFORE...BEHOLD!"
    "Wha-t a trick!" shouted out Chug, "go Louis, get em...!"
  The demons of the dark stood in bewilderment, not knowing what to make of this little boy, with his seeming bravado or buffoonery. Was this a magician, a wizard, a fool, a mighty warrior or a trickster? Louis had them right where he wanted them, perplexed and confused. 
  Louis struck first.
  Two quick leaps off a nearby stone block, and he was on the back of an unsuspecting, Olle the Ogre.
  Louis shouted out again.
    "Behold the power and bite of the The Sword and Shield of Heracles"!
  A swift upward thrust of his thin arm sent the broad silver shield, across the back of Olle's now much knotted skull. He directly collapsed from the blow, landing face first into the reddened sands of Egypt.
    "One down and four to go!" shouted out the exhilarated little boy.
  Chug screamed out at the top of his voice as Olle went down, "TAKE THAT...TAKE THAT!"
    "I suggest we take our Louis's lead," proclaimed the proud Aswan the White "shall we join this fight Mr. Beamer?" 
    "That we shall!" proclaimed Mr. Beamer as he tugged at Charlie's reins with one hand, while pulling his trusted sword out with the other. Another pull of Charlie's reins, sent him and rider into a diving barrel roll off to the left side of Apophasis. The viper raised his head as Petar tightened his grip upon his slimy back; Charlie darted past him, as the steely, sharp sword sent a bevy of large scales flying off the serpent. They rained down upon the dry earth. Green blood oozed out of a deep cut at the tail. Off slithered Apophasis in pain towards Chug, and the two-wounded Pegasus's.
    "The freedom of flight has return to me, and the world of the blue light is my kingdom once again. Let me stretch my wings, before I incinerate my captors with my fiery breath..." understood Dragon the Fire-Breathing Dragon, as he lifted off the ancient sands of Egypt, towards the majestic peak of the Pyramid of Giza. In a low, leisurely flight pattern, Dragon flew upwards and outwards, with his massive wings fully extended.
    "Aswan if Dragon is loose upon the world he will, plunder and burn. Vengeance will be his, remember we are the ones that sent him into the Under World all those years ago, we must return him to his lair.'
    "This is correct Tut. We must believe in our plans and our destiny, for Louis has not let us down yet, look below let's enjoy in his courage as we speak."
  Dragon reached the top of Giza then drifted off towards the mouth of the Nile, lost in his freedom. Aswan noticed this as he hovered directly above Louis and Apophasis the Serpent King.
    "He will return."
    "Yes he will and with a vengeance, we have other worries upon us now for Hathor will return soon.
  Apophasis and Petar were closing in on the two-wounded Pegasus, and Chug, as Louis once again, leaped into action with his sword wielded high over his head, with shield being held close to his body for protection. A quick dash upon then up and over the ruble of stone thrown out from the crypt, over a nearby sand dune then a quick leap upon a large stone block entrenched nearby. He was an alley cat on the loose after his prey. Louis was nimble and lively, as only a boy his age could be. His pass training, and confidence, now showed with every word spoken, and every action taken.  
  He now stood immovable in front of the advancing threat. 
  The serpent towered above Louis, sending thick blue shadows across his face. Another dart of the black tongue, shot pass Louis's shield, grazing the upper corner. The shield violently shook in his hand upon contact. 
  The Child-King lashed out again at the serpent with two quick thrusts of Heracles, the sword found contact upon the underbelly of the great beast. A dozen black scales escaped his body. Green blood flowed at Chug's feet.
    "I will draw him away. Take The Baron and Junior to safety behind the Pyramid of Khufu until I defeat our enemies" shouted out Louis.
  Chug with a quick nod of the head led them away the best he could, out of harm's way as Louis stood his ground. 
  Chug was away with his friends, finding safety at last. An insidious hissing sound came forth from the Under World lord as the pain shot up from his belly into his nerve endings. Louis covered his ears as he sought cover behind his shield once again. 
  Mehan the Serpent-Rider, bellowed out. 
    "Paragus to action, this child would make a tasty bite for Dragon when he returns!"
    "Yes...a tasty bite...master", called out Paragus.
  Paragus lumbered towards Louis as Louis scurried off to the foot up the Pyramid of Khufu. A few quick leaps, he was over forty feet up, now looking down on Paragus. Louis noted an exposed area at the back of his calves that no armor covered. 
  Louis threw off his shield and sword, quickly taking bow and arrows in hand. The Bow and Quiver of Ra, the Sun God were formable weapons and Louis understood this. A deadly aim, and a steady hand on a quivered shaft, sent the limbs of the bow arched under Louis's guidance. Loose, the arrow was away. 
  A direct hit!
  The great Minotaur bellowed out in pain, as he grabbed for his left calve. Looking upwards from the direction of the arrows flight brought Louis into his hateful and torrid filled gaze. The Minotaur began to chase Louis up the stone face of the monolith, but Louis was just too quick for him, once again, Louis was away.
  Another lightning bolt shot out from above, within Petar's beckoning call. The ground rumbled as the Procession of the Equinoxes continued on her predestined pathway. The violent and untamed world was unraveling as the fighting continued on. 
  Olle the Ogre began to regain his strength and clarity of thought as George the Cave Troll began to climb up the other side of the great pyramid after Louis.
    "Tut-ankh-Amon, Louis is on the run, the numbers are just too great for him to overcome, and we can only fight off so many ourselves. We must rescue him from his folly and re-group," said Aswan as he continued to hover directly above Louis, "plus Dragon will return shortly, and that would be the end of him for sure!"
    "You are once again correct Aswan. We will have to revert to our original plan, and you know what that means?"
    "Yes Tut...I am ready to face my destiny...to Louis's rescue for the time being then!" said Aswan as he quickly descended upon Louis. Mr. Beamer reached out a muscled arm, grabbing Louis by his scrawny neck, lifting him directly off the face of the great stone behemoth. Their combined weighted made a quicker getaway impossible, as Louis struggled to climb onto Charlie's back. 
    "Take it easy Louis, your rescue is at hand...steady...steady..."
  Mr. Beamer tried his best, but Louis could not gain a foothold in the stirrups offered by the wizard. 
  Mr. Beamer lost his grip upon the boy.
  Louis began to fall towards a painful landing as Olle the Ogre reached out his oversized hairy hands. 
  Catching Louis in mid-flight...the greater fight was over, as Louis struggled inside of Olle's great, sweaty, smelly palm. It was no use...Olle's fingers surrounded Louis, holding him steadfast in place. The Bow and Quiver of Ra, snapped off his back as the stubby forefinger and thumb finally closed down upon him. 
  Louis was immobilized; terror gripped him.
  He was caught, like if a baby fly might be caught inside of a preying mantis's, far-reaching tentacles. 
  Mr. Beamer called out to no avail. 
  Charlie whinnied loudly as Louis disappeared inside of the great ogres grip. 
  Chug looked out from his hiding place with Junior and The Baron, as all was becoming clearer, that all was for not, defeat was now at hand, and there was nothing they could do about it, Tut-ankh-Amon and Aswan now completely understood this to be true.
  Just then at the feet of Olle, a small mound of dirt moved, catching Olle's eyes. Two furry ears popped out of the earth, then a round furry head, two soft brown eyes, then a pink nose. 
  Out hopped Digger, just in time. 
  He looked up at Olle, giving him the softest, kindest, and gentlest face he could muster, as only a clever bunny-rabbit could do. The eyes and mouth drooped at the edges like a newly born kitten trying to gain favor with its mother at dinnertime. 
  Olle the Ogre bit completely hook line, and sinker, as he reached for the little fuzzy rabbit with his off hand. Digger balled up, folding his ears around his eyes for cover as Olle placed his two hands together lost in a world that he was not familiar with; one of kindness,(rabbits are known to have this effect on the savage beast, and Digger knew it). 
  He was a bright and clever rabbit. 
  As the two hands met in front of Olle, Digger climbed back into Louis's shirt.
  He spoke softly into Louis's ear.
    "I have brought good new master. I have found Mehan's Golden Heart...and the book of Aka Manah...we still have a chance."
  Digger smiled up at Louis broadly. 
  Louis brought into being a newfound courage, after reveling in Digger's words for a moment.
    "Into the belly of the black beast...the prophesy remember, and your destiny Louis. We must go into the belly of the serpent. I will go with you. I will be your eyes in the darkness. We will find our salvation, and that of our friends inside of the Neither World," said the little burglar.
  Louis thought a long and deep thought as Olle carried them both towards Apophasis the Destroyer, and his vile son, Peter the Terrible.
    "You have seen the golden heart?"
    "Yes, it lies on a mound of jewels, silver, and gold, in the heart of the Under Dark. The Book of Aka Manah and the Golden Heart were within my grip, but they were lodged, beneath a heavy cauldron made of gold. Then I thought I heard an other-worldly beast coming so I had to hop to safety, or surely be found out."
    "You saw these things Digger?"
    "Yes and more so! Then I heard your calling to me from deep within your heart. It was the call of your love of your home, your parents and of your love of Centerville, and the call of all of your friends that love you back home. I know you miss these things just as I miss Mr. Beamer's garden and my rabbit hole back home. I miss the tasty carrots, lettuce, and celery that grow there. I miss the smell of Hattie May's pie's cooling in the windowsill of your home Louis. 
  These are the things that you and I miss the most. These are the things of our life that we must savior, and will once again, you and me. We must conquer our fears to be successful in life, and this is a teachable moment for us both. It teaches of teamwork and trust. Do you trust me Louis?"
    "Yes Digger, who could not trust those eyes, those whiskers, and that pink nose. I know what must be done now. Remember I am a High-Thinker.
  Digger warmly smiled once again as he recoiled back into Louis's shirt to await his fate.
  Olle loosened his grip on Louis as Digger's warmth and charm still deluded his mind. 
    "Bring the rabbit and the boy to me Olle. Do not be swayed by the rabbits charm, he is a thief, liar, and a cunning rabbit" said Petar.
    "Yes bring them to me. Dragon does not need to fill his belly this day, it will be me who will be having rabbit and little boy for lunch," said Apophasis the Destroyer as he licked his lips with his black forked tongue "set him on the ground before me." 
    "What can we do Tut?" asked a disheartened Aswan "is there anything we can do for them?"
    "No we must trust in our plans and trust in our Louis," replied Tut, "if all goes awry, and for the worst we still have our back up plans. Remember the Snatchers."
    "Yes I do Tut...yes I do...I remember them well."
  Olle gently placed the small boy, and rabbit, on the ground as George the Cave Troll, Paragus, and Petar looked on. 
    "The Neither World will rule this new world Tut-ankh-Amon. Do you hear me Aswan the White, Baron and you others. You have failed. His training did not help you. You tried to resurrect my ancient foe RA, but instead you brought me this imposter. He is nothing more than, a small boy with a big heart, a courageous heart for sure, or he could have not gotten this far. He has been misled by this rabbit, you Tut and Aswan you should all be ashamed, because his death will be on your hands."
  Aswan landed in front of Paragus as Mr. Beamer dismounted in a hurried fashion. 
    "I implore you to let the child go. Take me instead, your Dark Master. This boy means nothing to you. I am the Librarian, I am one of the last of the Ancients, I am the one that defeated you last time, and do you not have revenge pulsating in your black veins?"
    "Yes revenge is mine, and Aswan do not offer your life for that of the boy either, it will not help your cause. I want you both to live until the next time we met, at the next summer solstice during the time of the Procession of Equinoxes, at the next meeting of Arion, Ancient and Neither World lords, during the next time of our Blue Hour. That way you will have a long time to think about what you have done, to this small boy." 
   Chug moved forward, as did the hobbled Baron, and Junior. Both Pegasus's were still wounded and limped forward, beaten and sorrowful. All now stood next to Mr. Beamer and Charlie as Louis's fate was coming to a horrific conclusion.
    "We offer you the Compass of Nubia, the broken shards of the Staff of Thebans, the Sword and Shield of Heracles and the Bow and Quiver of RA the Sun God. Are these gifts not enough for you, as we as well offer our lives for the boy? We are defeated, please one last time, release him to us, and all of these things will be yours, as well as your place upon the throne in the new blue light."
    "I already have all of these things that you speak of, they are either broken or scattered about the battlefield they cannot help you anymore. You can offer me nothing of value. Hathor will make her decision upon her return. I go to my throne in the Under Dark once again to gather my other offerings to her, then all will be done."
  Louis was placed in front of the underbelly of the great serpent in between the heavy legs of, Olle, George, and Paragus. There was no escape for Louis and Digger as Apophasis the Destroyer reared up to his full height. He then sent his rattle into a wild movement that assaulted the ears of all. 
  Chug could not believe his eyes as Apophasis opened his broad mouth, disconnected his lower jaws from the upper, and flared his vast hood about his neck. He started to descend upon Louis and Digger, as saliva dripped from his mouth onto Louis head.
  Louis shed his chain mail coat, removed his quiver of arrows and all of his armament as his fiery cowl-lick stood to attention upon to top of his head. He stood as small boy once again, not as a Child-King, or as the Savior of the World. He would battle the Black Serpent on his own terms.
  Louis looked one last time over at his best friend Chug, locking eyes with him. A gentle and serene smile crossed Louis's face. It was a smile filled with confidence and assurance, then a wink and a nod towards Charlie and Mr. Beamer that said, (in an ever so subtle way) that all is well, and not to worry...too much.
  Mr. Beamer and Charlie nodded back that they understood what must be done...it was foretold by the Good Book of Thebans and written by the Pen of Jupiter Angel Satquiel...so long ago.
  A quick bite was had by The Serpent then Louis and Digger disappeared, over the un-curling black lips, and down into the wide-open throat, of Apophasis the Destroyer.



















~Chapter 25~
Inside the Belly of the Beast

All that could be seen was the great tail-rattle of the notable beast, as it disappeared back into the Mausoleum of the Kings, and down into the throws of the Neither World, heading towards its jewel throne, to digest its meal.
  Paragus, Olle, and George solemnly stood guard outside of the shattered marble doors to the crypt, waiting for the return of the Serpent King and Mehan the Serpent-Rider due back on Hathor's return within the hour.
  Chug turned to face Mr. Beamer. Tears gently trickled down his soft cheeks. He could not hide his sorrow at seeing his best friend swallowed by the fiendish serpent, and then thrust back into the uncertainty of the Under Dark.
    "Will he survive this Mr. Beamer?" asked an inconsolable Chug "was this your plan from the start?"
    "It was written Chug by the hallowed Pen of Jupiter Angel Satquiel," said Mr. Beamer as he placed a gentle hand on Chug's boyish shoulder "and no we did not plan this, but we still have other plans that may come to fruition, these all depend on Louis's will to survive this. He is strong. I believe he will survive, no...I know he will...he understands the writings of the Good Book, and knows what must be done."
    "Will he, being a High-Thinker help him, and was his training complete?"
    "We are not sure Chug if his training was complete, or if he truly was a High-Thinker or not. Only time will tell. We must wait for his return and plan for it, or not."
    "What do you mean...what are you saying...or not...?"
    "Chug..."
    "Let me take this important question Mr. Beamer," said Aswan "yes he may not pass this last great test, for he is only a small boy that has been thrown once again into the Neither World. He was the only one to have seen the Neither World before and live, but to survive the test twice would surely be miraculous. There are doubts in our hearts, but he does have the blue eyes of RA and the golden hair, we're just not sure Chug."
    "Then Apophasis the Destroyer was correct, maybe you should both be ashamed of yourselves for placing this boy, my best friend, in harm's way to save your own, Arion and Ancient races. I hope you both live a long time to wallow in your selfishness."
    "No Chug you have it wrong," said Mr. Beamer as he squared Chug to his shoulders, placing both hands on his face "we have doubts about Louis, but we had no choice. The fate of the world is at stake, not just the survival of Arion or Ancient you are just too young to understand it all. This struggle has been going on for over three-thousand years, but in the end Louis should be victorious, we just have to wait and see."
  Chug turned away from Mr. Beamer and Charlie, now looking towards the black hole in the earth that just consumed his Louis. Chug knew that all that Louis took with him into the Under Dark was his own earthly possessions. The simple belongings of a young lad; his pocketknife, a slingshot, Short-Stacks heat balm, his wits, and whatever items might be found inside of a small boy's pockets.


  Apophasis the Destroyer slithered down the wormholes and tunnels of the Under Dark, with Petra riding his father's back. 
    "Your jeweled throne is in sight. I see it coming into view as the wormholes give way to your palace," said the fevered Petar.
    "I will digest my small meal, and revel in my victory upon my stronghold, upon my citadel. Here are the diamonds, jewels, silver and gold coins, fallen kings and queens crowns and tiaras, and hundreds upon hundreds of treasures that will buy Hathor's favors, and buy our new kingdom in the light of the Upper World. We have waited for this day, and planned this for so long, and now all comes to fruition within the hour. Then we return to the surface, to claim our victory." 
  Louis and Digger heard all that was said, as each word echoed down the serpent's throat, for they were most fortunate that Apophasis had forgotten to induce venom into them, before he swallowed them whole, a costly mistake.
    "Digger is you still with me?"
    "Why yes Louis, just a little smelly and slimy as you are, but I am still whole."
    "We were most fortunate that he did not bite us, and only gulped us down, otherwise your plan, and mine would have come to a quick ending."
    "True Louis, now we must think swiftly, and act quickly before the juices of his stomach begin their...their..."
    "Do not speak of it Digger..."
    "Can you get your hands free Louis?"
    "No Digger I cannot, it is just too tight in here. We need to move down into the lower chamber of his stomach, where I can think more clearly. Can you irritate his stomach, to have him ingest us lower into the main area, above his intestines?"
    "Easily done, I do have very large and powerful feet, do not forget."
 Digger crawled out of Louis's shirt, sliding down his body, all the while pressing against the inner lining of the stomach wall. Finding a larger opening at the feet of Louis, Digger extended his two furry oversized feet, and began to pound on Apophasis' enormous stomach with great passion.
  The mammoth serpent immediately coughed deeply, sending a bottomless groaning sound down his far-reaching throat, which immediately emanated into the stomach, shaking the tender stomach wall with great force.
    "Hold on Louis, I think it is working" called out Digger from below.
    "What is wrong father?" asked Petar.
    "My meal is not cooperating with me...too boney and furry...I guess."
  Apophasis rolled over to his left side upon the vast pile of golden coins as he swallowed once more, to wash out his throat.
    "That did it Louis...we are free."
 Both Louis and the rabbit dropped into a lower anti-chamber, and now could stand up.
    "It is too black in here Digger. I cannot see a thing."
    "Louis you forget, I am a rabbit, I have unrivaled eyesight. I can see in the dark where you cannot. I told you before that I could see in the Under Dark and would guide you, and I will," said Digger as he tried to clean some of his fur "now how do we get out of here, get Mehan's Golden Heart, the Book of Aka Manah and get back to the surface, to save the world?"
    "Well the first part of our plan worked, we found the quickest way down into the Neither World, by hitching a ride inside of this great beast, and we fulfilled the prophesies and writings of the Good Book, which was very important. Now I must think...I must think," said Louis and he started to rub his stomach.
    "Well while you are thinking Louis, I have a small gift for you."
    "Not now Digger, we have other things more important to think about, like how to get out of this foul belly, before we are digested."
  Digger pulled out a large pink diamond shoving it quickly into Louis's lower front pocket of his pants.
    "I know we are busy right now, and it is a tight squeeze so to speak. I did not mean to be funny but I have given you a small token of my thanks, for you did forgive me for my horrible behavior earlier. You can thank me later for the gift. 
    "That is not important now. I will tell you later what it is. Now what's this...?" asked a worried Digger, as a multitude of different fluids, began to pool at his feet.    
  Digger started to roll to the left and then the right, as the serpent began to fill his stomach with a slimy, foul smelling liquid.
    "Well don't forget about that gift now, like I said someday you might need it, but you better think fast Louis, because I think our good fortunes, if you can call them that, are about to run out. He calls in his digestive juices, to hasten the digestion of his meal...us..."
    "You're really scaring me Digger..."
    "I speak the truth Louis, quickly now..."
  Digger rolled back to the left, stabbing his toenails into the stomach lining, which irritated the great snake once again. Apophasis rolled back to the right.
  Louis rubbed his stomach once again, as he screamed out in delight.
    "Molly...Molly...you're a genius. Always loved you and always will!!"
    "What are you screaming about Louis...what is it?"
    "This snake needs an attitude adjustment!" blurted out Louis as he once again rubbed his stomach "we need to get it mad at us, and it will rid us from our watery tomb. 
  Molly once changed my attitude at the watering hole when I was with Chug and Tessie Whitman. Molly punched me so hard in the stomach that I changed my attitude on the spot from sad to mad, now that is what we must do to this disgusting snake. PUNCH HIM IN THE STOMACH!!"
    "That sounds good to me Louis!"
  Digger looked at Louis then sent a mighty kick into a side stomach wall. Louis tightened up his fist and in turn, punched the serpent as hard as he could. The great snake immediately coiled up his stomach in pain.
    "What is it father, more stomach pains?"
  The black serpent sat up, opening his enormous mouth. He tightened his stomach muscles then spit up as he rose to his full height, sending Louis and Digger flying outwards and upwards. They both landed at the far side of vast cavern, into the black waters of a nearby stream, right next to a small Bodhi Tree, covered in blueberries.
  Shaking off the dark waters, Louis turned to look at a wild-eyed, and cheered up Digger. 
    "Nice plan Louis" said the wry little rabbit.  
    "Now where is that evil book and golden heart?" asked Louis.
  Apophasis did not realize that he had coughed out the little rabbit, and Louis. He rolled over once again, onto his ill-gotten bounty then, gently closed his eyes to sleep. 
  Petar was already lost in a world of his own, eyeing the boundless jewels below his feet. He was counting coins, rubbing jewels and adding their perceived value in his head, it was all so overwhelming for the thief and slayer.
  Digger looked over the spellbinding blueberries hanging from the thorny tree, his mouth watered, as his mind raced with evil thoughts again.
    "Digger you cannot partake of the berries again or we are finished. You will return under the spell of the berries, and the draw of the Under Dark then you will turn me in to your old master again, as before. Be strong Digger."
  Digger's resolve and willpower was weakening as he reached for a juicy blueberry. Taking one in his hand, he looked back at Louis. He opened his mouth as his tongue began to quiver.
    "The evil powers are calling to me Louis. They are taking my mind...help...me Louis...help...me..."
  Louis reared up on one leg, made a fist with his left hand, punching Digger as hard as he could in the stomach. This sent Digger back under the black waters, sending the blueberry flying from his hand.
    "Now you as well are mad as heck, it's an attitude adjustment Digger. Now we have much work to do."
 Digger sat up in the water, shook his fur dry around the head, flipped his ears back and forth, "Thanks Louis, but did you have to punch me so hard?"
  Both smiled as Louis turned to look back at the now sleeping serpent.
    "Under that cauldron there lies Mehan's Golden Heart, the one by his head, to the left there. That one..." pointed out Digger, raising one finger towards the sleeping giant "and the Book of Aka Manah under that large pot over there, where Petar scrounges about inside of his madness".
  Louis sat stoically for a moment, thinking about his next move. He reached into his pants pockets, turning them inside out. Out popped his pocketknife, his slingshot, the white flower of the Bodhi Tree (that once held him captive) and a small ball of a smelly substance that Louis did not recognize as first. He raised the black tar ball up to his nose and smelled it.
    "Short-Stack...my hero...."
    "What is it Louis...?"
    "It's some of Short-Stack's heat balm."
    "Gosh...that smells terrible Louis..."
    "Let's get to the other side of the cave, in front of the serpent's nose. I've got an idea how to get that golden heart and book," said Louis as a bright light went on inside of his head.
  Digger and Louis with great stealth made their way around to the other side of the massive cave. Petar growing ever weary from the day's events reclined down next to his father and as well, closed his eyes to sleep for a few moments.
    "What are we doing over here Louis? If Apophasis wakes and opens his eyes, we are right in the line of sight, we might spotted. He must believe we are dead, remember he did not see us fall into the black waters of the stream."
    "We have no choice now, we only have about a half hour, and we must get to the surface to speak for the last time with Hathor. We need that golden heart to bribe her, and that evil book, to prevent this from happening again. The Neither Word dark lords cannot rise up again without that book. We know this as a fact."
  Louis grabbed a small amount of the heat balm, rolling it into a tightly wrapped ball. He placed the little pellet into the leather patch of his slingshot. Digger's eyes widened as Louis shot hit its mark, dead center into the nose of Apophasis the Destroyer. The serpent shook his massive head as the horrible smell of the heat balm permeated his nostrils. Still sleeping, he sneezed loudly then rolled over, away from the golden cauldron, and its prized bounty.
    "Nice shot Louis."
    "You know how many times I had to shoot Mitch the Bulldog, so he would stop chasing me around the neighborhood? I guess I learned how to use this thing. I knew it would come in handy again someday...and today was that day..."
    "Now let this little burglar, ply his trade" said Digger as he bounded skillfully away from Louis down onto the pile of treasure. 
  Quietly he hopped and scuttled across the piles of gleaming coins and jewels. Removing the heavy golden pot was difficult for the little rabbit. Peering below there it lay, the most prized possession of the Under Dark: Mehan's Golden Heart. 
  Digger sat for a moment admiring the workmanship of its maker. It was about eight inches in diameter and twelve inches long, encrusted with diamonds and rubies, and as heavy as a small cannon ball. Digger had trouble as he tried to cup it in both hands. It was so awkward and hard to hold. He looked up at Louis who was looking around the large rock that was his hiding place. Digger dropped the golden heart back down onto the pile of golden coins then motioned for Louis to come to his aid.
  Without thinking for even a moment, Louis scampered away from the rock, being sure to walk gingerly over the uneven and unsteady coins, and gold below his feet. Digger was quick thinking. He hopped to the other side of the pile of treasure, trying to expose the evil Book of Aka Manah. 
  He waived again at Louis. 
  Louis delved into the first pile of coins, moving the pot just enough, then lifted the golden heart out with one hand. He quickly and quietly made for Digger. Reaching into the pile of jewels, he lifted out the evil book. 
  Both little burglars' eyes met; smiles crossed their faces.
  Both turning quickly to go, misfortune struck once more. 
  Digger accidently kicked a large silver goblet, sending it crashing down the large mound of jewels. The great snake sluggishly opened one searching eye, then another. 
    "The jig is up Digger!" yelled out Louis as he placed both book and the golden heart under his arms, securing them tightly.
    "Are you two ghosts?" coyly asked the serpent as he started to rise up to his full height once again.
    "No but we are going to be in matter of seconds" proudly proclaimed Digger "follow me Louis!" 
  Digger hopped on the back of Apophasis, motioning for Louis to follow, and as the great beast raised higher his head, it crashed into the top of the vast cave's earthen roof. Digger flew off the head feet first, grabbing onto the earthen ceiling with both hands and feet. Moving as quickly as possible Digger began to dig through the roof. As the hole opened in front of digger, Louis sprinted up the scaly back of the great snake. Making an almighty leap as Digger had, Louis landed squarely in the center of the rabbit hole, spreading both feet out against the walls for support.
    "Dig, Digger...dig...faster...faster...!!"
  Both Louis and Digger quickly disappeared out of the dim light of the Under Dark. Apophasis slammed his massive head into the ceiling again, which sent gravel and dirt showering down upon him. 
    "Petar, wake up you idiot they have escaped!" shouted out the black serpent "and they have my golden heart and the Book of Aka Manah..."
    "Father...it cannot be, you ate them whole...I saw it for myself..."
    "Never mind that now, they are tricksters and thieves, and they are heading for the surface, into the daylight, we must stop them..." yelled out the enraged snake.
  Peter the Terrible vaulted onto his fathers' back once again as Apophasis, with all his might turned towards, his wormhole that lead to the surface.
    "We must beat them to the surface. If Hathor awaits them and we are not there first, they will offer my golden heart and the sacred book along with their other bribes, the blue light will pass, and our demise will be at hand."
  Behind two great scales, Petar the Serpent Rider dug in with his feet, as Apophasis shot up the dark tunnel, just as fast as his mammoth body would move. 
    "Faster Digger, dig straight up...we have done it...we have done it...!"
  The earth shook as the black serpent slithered up the worn pathway. He bellowed out loudly at his defeat.













~Chapter 26~
The Golden Horn

    "Tut-ankh-Amon, do you hear that digging noise, quickly there is movement below us," said Aswan the White with volume in his voice "if I know our Louis, he may have awakened the sleeping, the dead, undead, or all three!"
  Paragus the Minotaur, Olle the Ogre, and George the Cave Troll looked towards the crypt's opening as the volume of Apophasis the Destroyer's voice grew in size inside of the cave's depth. 
    "STOP THEM...they have stolen from me, the Golden Heart...STOP THEM...!" cried out the serpent.
  While all turned to look towards the mouth of the Under World, Digger popped up through the ground, behind Aswan. Shaking off the dirt from his furry ears and long whiskers, Digger hopped onto the dry sands of the desert. Right behind him only a moment later, out jumped Louis, with his stolen bounty still in hand.
    "Why Charlie there you are. Won any horse races lately, you know...the Porterhouse Steaks? It's sure not a fair race with those wings!" yelled out a smiling Louis.
    "Well look at my Louis! You must not taste very good, if even a snake won't keep you down inside his stomach!"
    "I don't know about that Charlie but we better get moving, before that snake decides to try a second course of Louis, Charlie, and Digger stew!" said Louis as he flew towards Charlie's back. Digger jumped upon Louis's shoulders as Louis scrambled pass. 
    "Here Chug on my back quickly. I am feeling better since you applied the Heaven's Heart to my injury. I can fly once again," shouted out The Baron "the wounds I suffered from Paragus are healing. Chug mounted The Baron in a flash. They went missing.
    "Here Louis, your Arion Aswan and I, will guide you to your destiny" called out the Tut.
  Louis (with Digger tucked inside of his shirt again), flew like a magic carpet in the movies, in an unbelievable leap towards Aswan's back, landing squarely behind Mr. Beamer, at the rear of the saddle. With so much weight, Aswan lifted off the ground, in a wobbly fashion. 
  Seeing all elevating off the earth in flight, Junior stumbled to his feet as well with renewed strength. Upon stretching his wings with a wild flutter, he to rose off of the ground, wincing in pain as he grew in altitude. 
  All the Pegasus's were away.
  Paragus grabbed the remnants of his broken forked spear, and in a gallant effort he threw the splintered spear after the fleeing horses, it was too late, they went absent just as Apophasis' huge head slammed into the top of the crypt opening, shattering what was left of it to pieces, as he passed through.
  He widened his body, and his hood about his neck opened larger, in a great sign of distaste for his detractors and enemies. His forked black tongue licked at the air, as a deep hissing sound rumbled out of his throat.
  The three Pegasus's lifted higher into the atmosphere. The sky was still dark and threatening above them as they banked around one side of the great Pyramid of Khufu.
    "Look to the skies. Just in the nick of time, Hathor approaches once more," cried out Mr. Beamer in a commanding tone "Louis you must offer your new booty to Hathor once more, and you must now do it alone on the top of Khufu. Aswan, make for the very top of the pyramid."
    "Look Petar Hathor approaches! They are heading to the top of the Pyramid of Khufu, to meet their destiny. You must stop them. Climb like the thief and criminal you are and seal our fate, and that of Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri, the Child-King, or all will be lost. 
  Flying off his father's back, the Black Fire flew up the pyramid like a maniac, with the evil eyes of Wedjat and Horus Amduat, spinning crazily about in his head. He threw off his black duster, revealing the skeleton of a man that his was. His leathered skin had all but faded away, dropping off his body. His spine could be seen from the front and his frontal rib cage, from the back. The Eye of Providence was spinning slowly, inside of his belly.   
    "That pesky, little red haired boy...I have had enough of him and his tricks..." mumbled Petar as he reached the first great block, at the very base of the stone-mountain.
    "She comes!" called out Chug as he looked through the circle of the raging thunderstorm above them. Another thunderbolt rolled through the Valley of Kings as Aswan circled about the highest stone blocks, nearer to the top.
    "You must do this alone Louis, for you are the true savior of us all," said Tut-ankh-Amon "remember the sacred writings".
    "Don't worry Mr. Beamer I can do it. I know I can really. I know what to do, remember all those books I read up in my bedroom all these past years. Remember the guidance that Horus the Elder, gave me, and remember the culture of the Zhang Zhung peoples, and the Kalachakra teachings, and the words of wisdom from Sana Kumara and the Eye of Providence. The words of my parents, and Molly my girlfriend, and Digger and everyone else, they are all in my head and in my heart. I can do it Mr. Beamer, place me upon the stone-mountain, and let me conquer all my fears, be they great or small."
    "You are truly the bravest little boy I have ever known Louis. Good luck!" said Mr. Beamer.
    "Yes good luck Louis..." added Chug.
    "Be brave...and have courage..." chimed in Junior and The Baron as they both veered off to the left side, and away from the pyramid.
  Aswan the White hovered over the top stone block as Louis dismounted, with Mr. Beamer's help.
  Tragedy struck yet again. 
  As Louis dismounted, the Evil Book of Aka Manah slipped from his right hand.
    "The book Charlie...no...no!" yelled out Louis.
  It fell in between two large stone blocks, just out of Louis's view. Charlie lifted up higher into the skies as Louis placed the Golden Heart of Mehan the Serpent, on a nearby flat rock. 
    "It fell, Charlie...it fell out of my sight..."
  Charlie did not look back, nor Mr. Beamer as Rukh the Firebird approached from high above. The golden Firebird darted down through the center of the black storm as black sheet lightning lit the great birds, and Hathor's arrival.
  Petar scampered, dashed and darted up the backside of Khufu unbeknownst to Louis, Charlie and the others.
  As Rukh slowed his approach, his great glowing feathers, and wings spread out in a dazzling display of colors. He shot out blistering hot bolts of flames, out of his throat above Louis's head, which mixed in with another black thunderbolt shot down from the heavens. Both sounds were deafening in volume and size. Louis froze in place upon The Solar Deity's, fanciful entrance.
    "Bow upon my onset Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri", spoke out, the heavenly goddess. Louis bowed down in respect as he held up Mehen's Golden Heart, high above his head.
  A few more tense moments passed as Louis and Hathor's moment in time melted together only to be remembered and written about throughout the ages.
  Petar pounced.
  The Black Fire, Peter the Terrible sprang upon little Louis, sending the golden heart flying from his hands.
  Both tumbled onto a large flat block of stone, with rage and wrath streaming through their veins.
    "You two have still not settled your differences? The fight of good and evil continues. I grow weary of this. Your time is up. What are your final offers, before I decide your fate, demanded Hathor as Rukh hovered just overhead.
  Neither of the combatants spoke as their arms, and legs tangled, and entwined, about each other. Louis saw the Eye of Providence as they tumbled about the stone blocks. Louis ever the quick thinker reached into Petar's ribcage then into his stomach, tearing it at the rear, which sent fluids splattering about the ground. Petar did not flinch in pain. As Louis secured the Seeing Eye inside his side pocket, Petar accidentally kicked the Golden Heart, into the same crack in the stone as the Book of Aka Manah had just fallen in. Petar watched it fall, as Louis followed the path as well, it quickly passed out of view. 
  Louis broke free from his enemies grip at last.
  Quickly Louis tried to reach the book. He tried the best he could to wedge his body down in between and around the two great stone blocks, hindering his way, but he was just too thick in the middle.
  Petar stood up and began to laugh, hysterically. 
    "I had a premonition and a beautiful dream that someday my weight and size would deter me in my plans to conquer the world. You see I have starved myself for the better part of six months, just for this moment."
  Louis averted his eyes from that of Petar's spinning orbs and wasted body, as he spoke.
    "You see, you always have to think ahead if you want to be successful in life boy! BEHOLD ONCE AGAIN!" cried out the delirious skeleton.
  Petar slipped from view, sliding in between the two large stones, only to appear on the other side with Mehan's Golden Heart, and the Book of Aka Manah, grasped within his icy cold fingers.
    "They belong to me Hathor. I offer them to you, here and now. There is nothing more valuable upon this earth than this golden heart and the evil book, and as an added gift, I give you this velvet blue diamond once worn by Queen Nefertari, who once ruled ancient Egypt." 
  Louis looked to Hathor for help, the evil mistress gave none, she sat steadfast upon her fiery stead, lips tightly closed.
  Louis's eyes and shoulders slunk downwards in defeat.
  Mr. Beamer, Charlie, The Baron, and Junior had all landed on the ground on the other side of the great pyramid. Louis was deftly alone. 
    "Mr. Beamer, Hathor has arrived. Can you tell what is going on up there?" asked Chug who now stood on the ground next to Mr. Beamer.
    "I do not know Chug. The Firebird hovers in place, they must be in negotiations."
    "My eyesight is keener than any of yours, and from what I can see Louis is in trouble again."
    "It can't be true Digger," cried out Chug in disbelief. 
    "Yes it is true Chug. Petar is standing on top of a lone stone block, holding Mehan's Golden Heart in one hand and the Book of Aka Manah in the other. We have been defeated once again. He is a better thief than I am. I did all I can do..." said the saddened rabbit.
    "I have given all as well father," said Junior as he two stood in disbelief and sadness.
    "Where is our real thief...the one we wait for...?" shouted out Mr. Beamer "we had a deal..."
  Just as Mr. Beamer wailed out an eerie dark shadow crossed over the face of Louis and Petar, then from above and below, a loud screech broke the silence. Gliding in skillfully from the backside of the great pyramid, riding a hot updraft of air, Harpeia the Snatcher moved smoothly in between Louis and Petar, rolling upside down with claws exposed; she pinched the Golden Heart from Petar's open palm. Right behind her, were her two sisters Aello, The storm Swift and Celaeno The Fleet Foot. Celaeno pilfered the evil Book of Aka Manah from Petar's, other hand, just as quickly as Harpeia had.
      "Help has arrived!! We will be victorious....Louis...Louis!!" blared out Digger at the top of his tiny lungs.
    "Well it's about time, they showed up" said a relieved Mr. Beamer.
    "Well how about that Mr. Beamer, our backup plan worked," said a thankful Charlie.
  Petar wailed out in defeat once, again.
  Harpeia screeched out as she started to circle downwards, spinning ever downhill, towards where the Pegasus's were standing. Both sister thieves were close behind Harpeia as they all quickly landed in front of the wizard and Aswan.
    "I have fulfilled my part of the deal," said the perturbed, and ever hungry birdlike creature "now fulfill you promise to me, and my sisters."
    "Charlie here quickly," said Mr. Beamer "I need to find Louis's backpack.
  Charlie sidled up next to Mr. Beamer. Mr. Beamer feverously, searched about Charlie's saddlebags, but to no avail.
    "They are not here Charlie...no...no...!" cried out Mr. Beamer.
    "What are you looking for," asked Chug.
    "The sweet rolls that Elwood Booker gave us, just for this reason. There were two left. What could have happened to them...?" asked Mr. Beamer.
    "You have deceived us. You used us to bid your tidings. We never steal for money, only food and you knew this."
    "But...but..." stuttered Mr. Beamer; trying to explain.
    "In our cave that night you promised us more sweet rolls, from Horus, those were the most delectable treats we have ever eaten, you knew when you gave them to us that a spell would be cast over us, and that we would have to have more of them. You lied to us. You never had any more of them, and you had us fly the length of the world to steal for you...and for what? Nothing!!"
    "That is not true" chimed in the little rabbit "may, I speak?"
    "Yes Digger, we are all equals here," said Mr. Beamer. 
    "What you have supposed and indicated is not true, there were other sweet rolls. They were about six inches across, with a glazed sugar coating, with a red berry filling, is this not correct?"
    "Yes that is correct little rabbit, so where are they?" asked a furious Harpeia.
    "I have eaten them. When I was trapped inside of the Bodhi Tree, and lost in the Neither World Louis offered them to me as a gift, as an act of total selflessness. That is how we were able to escape the darkness, and the biting thorns of the Bodhi's grasp. 
  It is my fault that they were eaten, you see I tricked Louis into giving them to me, but it was that sole act of High-Thinking by Louis that saved Louis and myself that day. I am the reason that we cannot pay your fee in food today."
    "Well then, until I receive payment, the Golden Heart of Mehan the Serpent King and the Book of Aka Manah, will belong to me," said the now vengeful creature "we are off to our cave and humble abode. You know where to find us, when payment can be made, we will complete our deal."
    "No Harpeia...wait...wait...!" called out Mr. Beamer as Harpeia and her sisters took to flight, directly heading west. 
    "You know where to find us...you know where to find us..." echoed out Harpeia as she faded from sight above the dark storm clouds that were still hanging above the valley.
    "This time it is truly over Mr. Beamer. Louis is done for and so are we. Do you have any other alternative plans besides this, or is this it?" asked a now sobbing Chug.
    "It is time then Mr. Beamer. We can wait no longer," said Aswan the White as he lifted off the ground with two strokes of his massive white wings.
    "You are right Aswan, I am sorry to say it, but it is time, there can be no other way now" said Mr. Beamer as tears began to well up in his eyes as well."
    "What are you talking about father?" asked a very dismayed Junior "what can this mean...?"
    "What are you talking about Aswan?" asked The Baron as Aswan rose up higher and higher into the air above them.
    "I am the King of the Arions. I am the only hope we have left for the salvation of: the Ancients, and the good people, animals, and good beasts of the earth. Now is the time for great deeds. My time is at hand. Stay with Mr. Beamer Junior, I will see you in time, trust me son. I love you."
    "No father! What are you talking about...? I love you too!"
  Aswan ascended higher away from them, now heading for the top of Khufu.
  Louis looked back up at Hathor and spoke.
    "Is there nothing else we can offer you, to buy your favors?"
    "Maybe...let me think for a moment," said Hathor as Rukh shot out another great stream of blue, red, and orange flames from his throat.
  Louis turned his rage upon Petar once again.
    "Well I am tired of these games, Petar. Your demise is at hand for I have other devises, and options that you do not know about!" shouted out Louis.
  Louis bounded up two great blocks of stone landing squarely on Petar's boney back. Petar reached out with his long thin fingers, trying to grab Louis. Louis hung on the best he could as he reached back, into his rear pocket. Producing the white Bodhi flower, Louis raised it to his mouth. One quick bite and the flower exploded in his mouth. A ravenous stream of twisted roots, and thorny branches encircled them where they both stood. The thick roots and wide stems of the tree now held them both firmly in place. Small pools of blood pooled at their feet, as Louis screamed out in pain.
    "What have you done now boy, another trick?"
    "If I have been defeated, then so have you."
  Hathor looked at both not really knowing what to make of the recent turn of events, she paused then cautiously spoke.
    "This grows wearisome for me. This is my last ruling on this. Petar you now have nothing to offer me, self-same for Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri and with no gifts offered, then I will now depart to make my final ruling, for I am the Goddess of Darkness and Chaos the Goddess of Nighttime of Time Without Light or Sun. You all deserve my full wrath, for this is an awful display of nonsense and tomfoolery."
  Aswan arrived.
    "This is not true Hathor, for Louis does still have something to offer of value, because he can produce the Golden Horn of the Unicorn. Nothing is more prized than this solid gold treasure, not the Book of Aka Manah, nor the Good Book of Thebes, nor spears, swords, jewels, seeing-stones, seeing-eyes or are, diamonds, more valuable. You know this Hathor as well as I," said Aswan as he now hovered above the tip of the great pyramid, next to Rukh.
    "Charlie land here next to me quickly" blared out Louis.
    "What is it Louis...what..."
    "Just do as I say. I to have back-up plan and schemes as well, for I am Louis the Red, the famous, and well-known bear slayer, and...and..."
    "Get to the point already Louis."
    "Hurry you two, for my time grows nearer, the summer solstice ends, the blue moon and the hour of the blue light either has to pass or stay. It is almost time for my decision," said Hathor.
  Charlie landed directly on a large flat block in front of Petar's, and Louis's cage.
    "What are you two tricksters up to?" asked Petar.
    "You don't mind me. I am tired of you chasing me all over god's creation. Now you will be a prisoner of mine, and of your own devices and ways. 
  Behold!" said Louis. 
  The Bodhi Tree held Louis tightly, but he managed to remove his sling shot from his back pocket with his loose hand. 
    "Charlie come closer, I now offer you this sling shot as a gift, because I love you," said Louis as he held out the gift, through the thick thorny branches of the tree.
    "What Louis? I do not understand," said Charlie. 
    "You don't need to understand...watch...," said Louis.
  Charlie reached out and grasped the sling shot in his mouth.
  The Bodhi Tree began to loosen its grip on Louis's legs, ankles, one arm, and then finally his whole body. 
  Louis was free!
    "You see Charlie only a selfless act by a good person, or an act of true love will release its grip upon you. I accidentally learned this when I was trapped with Digger in the Neither World. It is how I became enlightened. The thorn bush will hold Petar in place, and for eternity upon this pyramid. He owns nothing now, and has nothing on his person to offer to anyone, thus the tree will grip him in his purgatory, for as long as he lives. I have trapped him. 
  He will live off the life-giving berries, and by sipping on rainwater, until the end of his days. You see Charlie I am a High-Thinker after all, and quite clever I might add," said Louis as he winked at Charlie.
  Petar cried out in rage, spewing venom in his words as he shot back at Louis.
    "You are wrong! Everyone loves me, for I am the Dark Fire...I am Peter the Terrible, I still have something to offer to the world. I will...what did you call it...I can do a...selfless act."
  Petar grabbed a few blueberries off a nearby branch. Gulping them down with a cross-wised smirk on his face, he began an insidious laugh, as his evil eyes again rolled constantly in his head. 
    "Louis you are truly wise in so many ways for one so young. Now you must be brave beyond your years as well. Did you not hear my offer only a moment ago to Hathor?"
  Aswan moved over to another large stone block next to Louis "You must do one last great deed, you must...you must..."
     "What did you say again Charlie? I guess I did not understand it, or hear it correctly when you spoke to Hathor," said Louis as he turned to look at Rukh and Hathor.
    "He has offered The Golden Horn and his life, to save you little one," said Hathor "you must take his offer. That is the ultimate act of selflessness, to die for your best friend, and for the benefit of the world, and all who live in it."
    "What does this mean Charlie that you must die? Charlie? Charlie?"
  Charlie took a step closer to Louis, tucked his feathered wings close to his body, then, he lowered his head in a sign of respect. 
    "Louis you are my Master, I was bred for this moment, and you have been trained to complete your task. This is your last great quest and task as well."
    "What task Charlie? What are you talking about?" asked the bewildered little child.
    "You are to cast a spell upon me with the bells of Amun-Ra, the Magic Jingle Bells. You carry one bell around your neck, the one bell that I gave you in Mr. Beamer's barn, what now seems like so long ago. Remember this one special bell Petar risked his life to steal from you, last year on the deck of the Cimmaron Cutter. You see Petar knew before you did that this moment would come.
    "I still do not understand Charlie."
    "You are to take the string of Magic Jingle Bells out of my side saddlebag now. Mr. Beamer and I have planned this the whole time, just in case you failed and we all failed in our quest. The Golden Heart of Mehan is lost for the time being, and our offerings, the ones we brought to bribe Hathor are also either lost, destroyed or have no meaning to her anymore, the only thing we have left to offer her is my Golden Horn.
    "But Charlie you do not have a golden horn!"
    "You are an Ancient Louis."
    "What...ah...er...what..."
    "Mr. Beamer is your godfather, and Mrs. Beamer is your godmother."
    "I always thought that to be true...I just felt it..." said the befuddled little boy.
    "You are the next generation of Ancient Louis you have to trust me on this. Mr. Beamer does not have the mark of the cobalt blue eyes as you, but he is your father's godfather."
    "Is that why he has been watching out for me all these years, the way he has?"
    "Yes Louis. When your father went off to war, he became your surrogate father."
    "I always felt that way about him. He is such a strong father figure. I am glad that I now I know the truth."
    "Yes it is true Louis, now please listen to me we have more important things to do right now. You must now take off the bell you wear around your neck, and place it into the crown, inside of the one empty socket on the string of Magic Jingle Bells, place the Bell of Amun-Ra into its rightful place, then dream the dream you dare to dream. It will transform me into a Golden Unicorn. Then you must slice off the Golden Horn of the Unicorn, with the Sword of Heracles, and offer it to Hathor. There is no other way now."
    "No I cannot! I will not!!"
    "Then you will both live inside the light of the, Blue Hour for all of eternity" offered up Petar in a chilling, maniacal voice.  
    "Stay out of this Petar. Your days are over. You are done!" shot back Louis. 
    "I will only consider the gift Aswan. I will not guarantee you anything. I grow tired of this conversation though, and Rukh grows tired of flight. We will return to the place of my birth, high in the heavens now. If you can catch me before I reach my throne with your offering, then I will consider it. There is nothing more to be said for now...for I am the Overseer of Shadows Before Time Began for...I...am the..." 
  Her voice began to diminish.
  Hathor pulled on The Firebirds reins in angst. Rukh reared up higher, slowly flying away from the Pyramid of Khufu, and away from the Valley of the Kings.
    "I will only consider the gift" called back Hathor the Solar Deity "nothing more; nothing less." Her voice completely faded the higher and higher Rukh climbed upwards back into the eye of the brooding, black storm.
  She finally and completely faded away, out of from sight.
    "Time is of the essence now Louis. Trust me on this, there are other great things in this world that you do not understand, and do not know about," said Aswan in a hurried voice.
    "I will trust you Arion, just as I always have. What do we do?"
  Charlie called out to below. 
    "The Sword of Heracles, quickly Tut-ankh-Amon!"
  The Tut mounted The Baron with one quick bound. The Baron instinctively lifted off the ground as Tut motioned to the Baron, for a flight around the base of the pyramid and back towards the battlefield in front of the Crypt of Kings. As he approached the shattered opening, it was apparent that Olle the Ogre, and George the Cave Troll, both were standing with no direction or aim in life, for Petar could not bark out orders to them. 
  Paragus and Apophasis the Destroyer stood motionless, straining to hear the conversation going on, on top of the pyramid and to understand its meaning. The Baron swooped in from behind, up in between Olle's legs, grabbing the Sword of Heracles as he leaned towards the ground. 
  They were away before Olle could react. 
    "You will get yours someday Tut-ankh-Amon. This fight is not over, nor will it ever be," screamed out Apophasis the Destroyer, as he looked skyward. 
    "Reach into the saddlebag Louis and remove the Bells of Amun-Ra, quickly before the Tut arrives" called out Aswan.
  Louis approached Charlie with trepidation in his heart, but with conviction in his thoughts. Louis gave Charlie a long gentle hug around his neck then caressed his forelock between his ears. Charlie lovingly fluttered his great white wings, causing a large feather to fall to the earth, at Louis's feet.
    "A special gift to you Louis, now before Hathor reaches her heavenly throne, we have work to do."
  Louis reached down and grabbed the feather, gently placing it into his rear pants pocket. After a moments rustling inside of his saddlebags, Louis produced the mystical Bells of Amun-Ra, into the dim blue light of the day. 
  He had not seen the bells since last year on Christmas Eve in the Great Hall of the North Pole, at Santa's Village. 
  They were still as brilliant and fantastical as ever. 
  They were glowing, a light color of off whites, greens, reds and off color blues, which cast a beautiful and most delightful colored light, across Louis's boyish face.
  Louis stepped back away from his Charlie as the two lovingly locked eyes, minds, and hearts as only Master, Arion, and true best friends could do. 
    "Now is the time Louis. You have the power in your soul and mind. Only you have the willpower to do this. You are the High-Thinker, the Enlightened One, the Child-King and the Savior of the World...and oh yeah, also the first baseman for the Centerville Giants."
 Louis smiled widely.  
  "Now dream what you know to be true, and use your gift of daydreaming, and future visions, and dream of a world full of: bright life giving sunlight, honesty, happiness, and truth. Dream of a world, which is also full of an undying love for each other, as only: a parent can have for a child, a husband for a wife, visas versa, and a true love between good friends, nations and all colors and races of people. As will I, and all will be done then" said Charlie the Great White Horse with great kindness, truth, and love ringing in his words and heart."
    "I love you more than you will ever know, MY CHARLIE, and I promise to love you always from this day forward to the end of time. It will be a love that is never ending, always enduring, and forever growing. I truly love you...MY CHARLIE!" said Louis as he paused for one last moment. 
  He then placed his small magic bell into the slivery string of magic bells. He closed his eyes then threw the illustrious and very magical Bells of Amun-RA, the Magic Jingle Bells, over to Charlie. 
  Aswan caught the bells between his pearly white teeth, as Louis made a grand wish under his breath. Charlie clinched down tightly on the string of bells, reared up on his hind legs, and then closed his eyes for a moment to make his powerful wish as well. He then let out a great and very forceful whinny! 
  He vigorously shook the silvery bells with all his might.
  Once again as before in Mr. Beamer's barn on a Christmas Eve so long ago: The "Magic Jingle Bells" took on the sounds of all the church bells in the world ringing at once, but in a controlled and melodious fashion. The tones of the bells were of the lowest lows and the highest highs together. All of the notes on the musical scale were represented as the notes sent off by the magic bells shot out around the earth and far up into the starry heavens above. There were diminished minors notes, and augmented major notes and ringing high C's. 
  Then a blinding, flash of white and blue light shot out around the world.
  In an instant, all became quiet around those singular notes played together, as they rang out...high-and-true. 
   The Magic Jingle Bells, were heard though out the world, they rang in every child's ears. The sounds were felt in every father's heart and cherished in every mother's breast, all that heard them were brought joy down deep in their souls once again, and they would carry this special emotion with them, for the rest of their natural-born lives.
  Just then! 
  Another great flash of white, and bluish light now exploded out in all directions all around where Aswan the White was last seen standing...engulfing him and hiding him temporarily from view. 
  The air on top of Khufu started to make a strong and very loud whooshing noise as it grew in strength and stamina. 
  As the winds continued to gain in strength, Louis ducked for cover behind a large stone block. The sands of the desert below, and though out the great pyramid were thrown out in all directions, as another large cloud of magical dust filled the air around where Louis and Charlie were now standing. 
  The ringing of the bells and Charlie's whinnies began to fade drawing fainter and fainter as the circling winds grew in intensity and strength. Then with one great final flash of white and blue light, and with one last great robust gust of blowing wind...everything...became...deathly...still. 
  The sounds of the serenading Bells of Amun-RA became ghostly quiet. The hot blowing winds had suddenly stopped, as quickly as they had arisen. The bright magical lights were gone, and the magical dust in the air began to gently fall back to earth. Louis had alighted from cover, after recovering his eyesight a lovely sight and powerful image now stood before him. 
  Charlie had been reborn, yet again!
  There now stood an enormous, off-white and pale, pink colored, purebred UNICORN, and upon it's forehead in between its forelock and ears, extended a long, straight, fantastical solid golden horn. It was over three, and half feet long and eight inches wide at the base. 
  It glistened in the blue light of the Blue Hour. 
  Upon his chin were long, pink colored, curled hairs much like that that a Billy goat might have. Charlie now had a long flowing tail like a lion, and very sharp cloven hooves as feet.   
  It was a fabulous beast to behold. 
  This wild, un-tamable animal bore great strength and agility, and stunning beauty, only highlighted by the mighty golden horn given to him by the gods. He was fierce yet good, selfless yet solitary, but always mysteriously beautiful.
  Louis stood in admiration and high-regard once again, while admiring his best friend. 
  It was a magical transformation. 
  Louis deadpanned.
    "Charlie this never gets old."
  Charlie nodded his head in affirmation.
    "I am almost afraid to ask...but...but...your new name would be?" asked a stunned Louis.
    "I will now be called, Chrysaor."
    "That is a beautiful name and most befitting," said the star struck little boy.
    "I have never taken this form upon this earth before. My father was in this form, during his last days on earth."
    "Charlie, you talk of your father and his past life. I do not understand."
    "Please call me Chrysaor, now."
    "Of course your majesty...Chrysaor," said Louis who was still standing in astonishment, in front of the mythical beast "and I must say you are most stunning to behold. You never have failed to impress me my good friend."
  Chrysaor looked to his left as The Baron approached from below; he finally reached the top of the pyramid with Tut-ankh-Amon carrying the Sword of Heracles.
    "Master you must act quickly, for Hathor heads for her heavenly throne. Time is of the essence. Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri I beg you to take the Sword of Heracles, and perform the task you were brought onto this earth, to carry out."
    Now handing the silver sword to Louis Tut-ankh-Amon spoke out.
      "The King of the Arions has spoken Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri. It is time for you to take your place in history, for greatness is now meant to be witnessed, you must now perform the most selfless act of love, the world has ever known."
  Louis stumbled as the weight of the sword and the gravity of the moment fully caught up to him. He bowed slowly to Tut-ankh-Amon then slowly turned to face Chrysaor, one the last time.
    "There is only one way off of this stone mountain for me Master. I have now lost my wings, and I knew this was a one-way trip when I began this great journey with you. I now accept my fate."         
  Louis's eyes welled up, as great tears began rolling down his soft cheeks. Louis's cobalt blue eyes shimmered in the dim blue light as he raised the great sword above his head with both hands firmly upon the hilt. Charlie closed his eyes as a soft, disarming smile crossed his face. 
  Between the two best friends, nothing more was said. 
  All was understood between them that great deeds of bravery and selfless acts of great courage supersede all selfish motivations and less-noble purposes.
  Louis closed his eyes, as his heart just broke. 
  A mighty hammer-stroke downwards, sent golden sparks flying. The Sword of Heracles effortlessly sliced through the golden horn, a clean, surgical cut at the base, shearing the horn in two. The golden horn spun awkwardly upwards into the air. It was suspended in flight for a moment, as time its self, stood still. 
  Tears of joy and sadness washed down Louis's face. Chrysaor's Golden Horn landed softly at Louis's feet, as Louis opened his reddened, sullen eyes.
    "Good bye old friend," said Charlie the Barnyard Horse with tears now appearing in the corner of his eyes as well, "you will see me in your dreams, I will live in your memories. Or if the heavens will take me, then I will see you high in the skies one day."
  Brilliant red and yellow lights shot out from the center of Charlie's chest, which started to engulf and swallow all other light around it. Charlie methodically closed his eyes again as a fantastical white light now appeared around the crown of his head. The lustrous halo rose to about five inches above his two ears, hanging in suspended animation, as the luminous, and most dazzling red and yellow lights extended out to the heavens above and to the earth below.
  Louis stood in puzzlement and disorientation at all that he was witnessing. 
  Mr. Beamer slowly guided The Baron onto a large stone block nearby. As they landed, he and The Baron lowered their heads, in a sign of respect for their fallen hero.
  Just like that, Chrysaor disappeared from sight as the mystical lights engulfed, and overcame him. Golden dust fluttered to the ground in front of Louis as the out of this world lights finally faded out, and the dull blue light returned.
  All stood mesmerized for a moment, as they took in all that they had just witnessed. Louis gingerly stepped forward bent down, grasping Chrysaor's golden horn in one quacking hand, and the lone Bell of Amun Ra in his other. The string of Magic Jingle Bells had dissolved, returning to their place of birth, in the Valley of the Kings. 
  Louis wiped a salty tear from his cheek as he spoke out for the first time in his life, with absolute and truthful courage ringing in his words.
    "Now how do we get this horn to Hathor and save the world?"
    "I will try to reach Hathor before she is too high in the sky. The Baron can only fly so high so we must hurry now," said Mr. Beamer as he stepped forward to take the horn out of his hands.
  A loud whooshing noise enveloped their senses, just above them the hot winds enlivened around them once more. The soft blue moonlight diminished over the top of the great pyramid as a yet unidentified and magnificent creature, landed before them.
    "Only I can fly that high," alleged the assuring and most soothing voice.
  Louis and Mr. Beamer stood their ground as the creature's words, voice and presence brought confidence and calm, into the storm of change, and uncertainty that was raging all around them.
  It was a bird of prey: a prideful raptor. 
  The mature alpha-male's plumage was evenly brown. The feathers were broad and sturdy, and evenly lined, up and down, upon his two great wings. 
  He had a solid white head, and tail that were striking in color and detail. The tail was moderately long and slightly wedge-shaped. The beak, feet, and irises of his eyes, were a stunning, bright yellow. The legs were feather-free, and the toes were short and powerful, with large talons. The highly developed talon of the hind toe was a formidable weapon, and could be used to pierce the vital areas of any of his unfortunate or unwary prey. This King of the Bald Eagles had an outsized protruding head, with a bulky, razor sharp beak. 
  This raptor was truly the King of the Skies. 
  It stood upon a stone block, measuring in at over fifteen feet high and weighing in at over one-thousand pounds. It was athletic, and aerodynamically built for precision in flight.
  He opened his two enormous wings then fluttered his feathers in a stunning effect, as he spoke out.
    "The Baron or Junior my grandson will not be able to safely navigate the upper stratosphere, nor do they have the air capacity of their lungs, that will be needed to reach these higher climbs. Quickly give me my son's golden horn" said the sizeable and great bird.
    "Your son...er...huh...er...what...you're...ah...grandson...?" painfully stuttered out Louis.
    "Quickly Louis, no questions now, do as the great bird asks," said Mr. Beamer as he shot a stern look towards Louis. 
  Louis shook his head in wonderment and awe, as he lightly stepped forward with the golden horn in hand, handing it ever so carefully to the proud bird. 
    "My son has done the right thing. He has done the noble thing, and has offered his life for that of his friends, family, and for all the good in the world, just as I did over three-thousand years ago, when my time was at hand, and just as Junior will do the same if need will be, another three-thousand years from today, on the summer solstice. 
  The cycle has not been broken since the day of the first dawn. One day this horrible cycle will be broke, but for now, it is what it is. Now I must fly to Hathor's throne and offer her, this last one great gift. If the Solar Deity, and the Mistress of Eclipses is kind this day, then all will be as it was in the beginning" said the great bird as one talon clamped down up the golden horn, closing tightly down upon it.
    "Arionos the Mighty, you are truly as brave as your courageous son," said Mr. Beamer as he stooped lowly in front of the great raptor "we will soon find out if Hathor takes our offering. May life giving sunlight and soul warming daylight be in our immediate future, and may you have good luck my friend, on your notable quest to help us. 
  As before, we are always deeply in your gratitude for all you have done for us. We always thought that you have been overseeing Louis's great quest from the beginning, from when he first agreed to go to the North Pole last year. You were keeping a keen eye on him. Then you sent your message to Chug at the base of the dark mountain, by sending him one of your eagle fathers as a sign. Then we saw you following us high above Greenland, a few weeks back. We knew you would return to us once again in our time of need. Good luck and god-speed" said Mr. Beamer as he bowed down again.
  The huge raptor said no more. He nodded in approval of all that was said about him by the Librarian of the Ancients. Two mighty strokes of his wings and he was away. Lifting off the top of the pyramid of Khufu then heading directly upwards, into the heart, of the horrific lighting storm stirring overhead. Another black lightning bolt shot out over their heads, thunder rang out. 
  Petar giggled like a child, in between his vile words.
    "Delightful storm is it not? Evil circles above us...oh...and look high towards the east, Dragon the Fire Breathing Dragon, is returning."
    "Does this madness every end," cried out Tut-ankh-Amon "what could happen next?"
  Petar gulped down another handful of noxious berries, as he began to rattle the cage that was his thorn bush.
    "Child-King...I have a question for you. You can see that Dragon arrives soon. It will be a race between Chrysaor and Dragon. Who will fulfill their destiny first?"
     "Does it matter to you Petar who wins the race? You will be entombed within those thorny walls for eternity, in the hour of the blue light, or in the golden rays of sunshine. You destiny is already written in stone" said an agitated Louis.
    "Louis this thorny prison is only temporary. I can escape and be free, anytime I like."
    "How so Petar, you would have to become selfless, or a giving soul to become free of you prison, which neither personality trait, do you own, and you have nothing to offer anyone anyway. You can give, neither: love, or personal possessions or wealth, in any form, and you would have to have someone dumb enough to take something that they value from you" said Louis as he walked towards the Bodhi Tree.
    "Louis, do not approach the Black Fire. He is most cunning even in his prison. Louis you have won and defeated your foe, I beg of you" pleaded Mr. Beamer in a stern tone. Louis looked over a Mr. Beamer, beaming of confidence at seeing Petar locked away.
    "You are wrong child I still have something of great value to offer you. I possess the eyes of Wedjat, and Horus, which you still desire. Did you forget your promise to Elwood Booker, your friend, remember Horus the Elder? You promised to return the eyes to him, to return his eyesight to him. I still possess his eyesight."
    "Louis, please, heed my warnings and do not let his evil words, enter your ears," warned the wizened wizard. Louis had taken note of the conversation with Mr. Beamer to heart then took another hesitant step towards Petar.
    "Petar, you hear the words of warnings as I do, from my mentor and friend. Dragon approaches from the east and Arionos chases his destiny and that of my friends, high above us to the north, now why should I trust you to make a deal or even listen to your offerings."
    "Because you made a promise to Horus at the beginning of your journey, and since you are a High-Thinker and a follower of the Good Book and might someday become King of the Ancients, then you must fulfill your promises."
    "Those things you say are true. If Arionos is successful then I will be those things. What compromises, what is your deal?"
    "I offer you the two evil eyes, my most prized possessions."
    "I still do not fully understand."
  Mr. Beamer stood steadfast, realizing that Louis had made a promise, that all that Petar was saying was true, and that maybe this was all foretold. It was not really for him to try and correct the future, for Mr. Beamer was older now and his days on this earth were ending soon just as Charlie's were. The Child King would have to be master of his own destiny now.
    "Child, I shall rip the eyes from my person, and walk upon the earth in total darkness for the rest of my days on earth. This is indeed a selfless act that I offer, and of most value to you, and of course Horus the Elder, after all he is the true owner of the two eyes. This will restore his eyesight, and punish me only that much more for my misdeeds upon this earth."
  Louis pondered the truthful words that Petar spoke.
    "If you take these two eyes with love, in your soul for me, then the Bodhi Tree will release me from my prison," said Peter the Terrible with an underlying and most unperceived cunning smirk upon his face.
  Louis turned towards Mr. Beamer.
    "This is your decision, and your decision alone to make Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri. You will be the new Child King. This is your first test. I am old now, and my roll diminishes with the Ancients, after this day. I have done all that I was called upon to do on this earth. You have reached the top of Khufu and Arionos is on his flight towards Hathor. What will you do?"
  Once again, Louis looked for help from his old friend. 
  No help was offered. Tut-ankh-Amon only shrugged his shoulders.
  Then Louis looked down the side of the stone-mountain, over to where Chug and Junior stood. Then looking down at Paragus, the two giants and Apophasis the Destroyer, Louis as well shrugged his shoulders in consternation. 
  The weight of the world was upon his thin shoulders.
  A loud, bone chilling shrill, shot forth from Dragon's throat as he approached the Valley of the Kings from high up in the eastern sky. A hot desert wind rustled Louis hair as he turned back to face The Black Fire. 
  Louis tried to swallow but his mouth went dry.
  Louis stuttered in his speech, as an announcement came forth.
    "A...er...ah...a promise is a promise, "said the Child-King "Petar I will release you from your prison if you are willing to perform the grisly task at hand. My first decision as the new Child-King is the correct one. I accept your terms."
  Petar gulped down a few more handfuls of the spellbinding blueberries to dull his senses again. He chortled and chuckled like a demented vulture circling over its fallen prey. He stepped back from the walls of his prison, smiled insidiously, like the frenzied man that he was. He pressed his thin lips tightly together, slowly raising his thieving hands to his face. With one last bone chilling laugh, Petar ripped at his eyes. 
  Louis could not look. He turned his head towards the heavens above. Tut-ankh-Amon shuddered where he stood after witnessing such a god-awful display of selfishness by the tormented and lost soul that stood before him.
  It was done quickly, and with precision.
  The eyes of Horus and Wedjat, hit the earth with a resounding thud. They were black and lifeless. Louis reached into his rear pants pocket, withdrew a handkerchief, then with two quick steps forward, he scooped up the eyes, gently placing them into his front shirt pocket. 
  Petar was thrown into a world of delicious darkness that only he could enjoy and relish, in. Another few sniggers and giggles came up from his throat.
  Petar spoke.
    "Now I will never have to view beauty again, it is so distasteful and unpleasant to witness. You see it is I, who has just defeated you, yet again Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri. Who needs life giving sunshine, splendor, and loveliness to survive, certainly not me. The world of darkness now belongs to me for eternity."
  The Bodhi Tree recoiled from where Petar Deegan Aden stood. Now only a beautiful white flower could be seen at his feet. Petar reached for his prison walls, only to feel nothingness as the hot desert winds dried his throat that much more.
  Another loud shrill from Dragon filled their ears. The Fire Breathing Dragon now hovered directly above them.
    "You see BOY, you failed! Dragon will be my eyes and the blue hour will flourish under my command! Paragus, the two giants and Mehan the Serpent will be my custodians in the new world. Hathor has reached her heavenly throne by now and the blue hour, still remains. The blue moon does not move in the sky above and the black lightning still rains down upon us. I have won and you have lost BOY!!" cried out an ever-hysterical Petar. 
  Dragon shot out a fiery stream of hot gases and flames from his throat, as Louis, The Baron, and Mr. Beamer scrambled for cover.
    "I could have Dragon incinerate, and burn you all, at any time" cried out Petar as Dragon dipped one wing, flying in closer towards the top of the Pyramid of Khufu. With two mighty leaps of great faith, from inside of his dark sightless world, Petar was upon Dragon's golden-feathered back. 
    "We will now defeat Arionos, in the skies above and end this feeble threat of yours, and ruin your well laid plans of redemption, and plans of goodness."
    "Never Petar!" shot back Louis.
  Another lightning bolt shot out overhead as the ground rumbled below them once again. Louis looked towards the north where the Nile River began to enter the Valley of the Kings. The cool, blue waters were reaching the base of the great Pyramid of Giza.
  Petar pulled on Dragon's neck, pulling him upwards towards the black storm above. A few moments passed as Louis and Mr. Beamer stood watching, as Dragon completely vanished into the heart of the storm.
  Louis quickly turned towards his grandfather.        
   "Look below, the Nile floods the valley" said Louis "The ground moves and shakes below us and the skies roar above. Giants, Minotaur's, and Serpents have slithered and walked their way out the Neither World. Is our world ending Mr. Beamer?"
    "We have done all we could Louis, and to honestly answer your question, in a word...yes," said the Tut as he and Louis both looked again towards the skies for answers "our only hope now is for the valiant and fearless raptor, Arionos to save us all. 
  A violent collision sounded out from high above, inside the heart of the black storm. Another steam of bright red and orange flames, and dark smoke could be seen shooting out in all directions, above the tops of the raging storm clouds. The raptors voice screamed out and mixed within the crackling thunder, and loud caterwauls coming from Dragon's throat. 
  An epic battle was underway above them. 
  Another black lightening strike darted towards them. Louis and Mr. Beamer dove to the left as the electrical discharge, slammed into the earth with fury. The air enlivened at their feet, as the thunder once again assailed their minds. The Baron reared up in fear. All looked skyward once again, as a throng of feathers began falling from the sky.
   Louis shouted out, "Above Mr. Beamer...feathers...what are the colors, what are the colors?"
    "Does it matter Louis?"
    "Yes of course, are they brown or a flaming golden red...I cannot tell."
    "Louis why do you ask...?"
    "Look...Mr. Beamer," shouted out Louis "they are golden reds, and oranges, covered in blood, Arionos is the victor!!"
  Another high-pitched, ear penetrating shrill filled the violent air as the broken body of Dragon burst through the dark clouds, belly up, soaked in blood with wings shattered, hanging down lifelessly at his sides. 
  Louis began to dance wildly about, as the broken feathers of the great defeated Dragon rained down around the top of the pyramid of Khufu. Tut-ankh-Amon embraced The Baron as he began to whiney loudly.
  Dragon lifted one wing slightly, which sent his oversized body in a horizontal spin towards the top of the Great Pyramid of Khafre, which lay next to Khufu. His enormous body slammed into the top, sending shattered and smashed stones, dust, and debris out in all direction. 
  The ground rumbled under the Pyramid of Khafre as the remarkable beast met his finally resting place. Blood and feathers exploded around Petar, sending him flying upwards in the air above the body of the beaten creature. As Dragons' vast breath escaped him for the last time, Petar the Dark Stranger landed on his blooded belly, cushioning his fall and sparing his life.
  Standing upon the beaten being's chest, Petar began to dance, like a Looney bird lost in a mating dance; completely discombobulated and disheveled in his steps. Looking like a maniacal son, he shouted out in hysteria above the roar of the storm, "The world of madness and darkness belongs to me...all to me...oh...and what a wonderful world it is...all mine...all mine!!"
    "Power...absolute power corrupts all Louis, don't ever forget this for you will wield power in this world, because you are the Chosen One, and don't ever misuse it as Petar has. See how your mind will be lost in madness," proclaimed Tut-ankh-Amon as he placed his hands upon Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri's thin shoulders.
    "I understand now Tut-ankh-Amon that all encompassing power and great wealth should always be used for the benefit and betterment of all men and women, that is the essence of true High-Thinking...and that only selflessness can make you truly happy. Is this right?"
    "Your training is complete Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri you are now enlightened and truly open-mined and a free-thinker. You must now place your Bell of Amun Ra upon the highest stone onto of this great pyramid and smash it to pieces. Petar is upon his throne upon the Pyramid of Khafre, just where he should be, and you are upon your throne, the Pyramid of Khufu. It was written in the Good Book remember?"
    "Yes I do Tut-ankh-Amon."
    "Arionos must have been victorious, Dragon and Petar are defeated, and we must now find out if Hathor the Moon Rider has accepted the Gift of the Unicorn's Golden Horn."
  Climbing to the very top great block of the red, stone-mountain, little Louis tentatively reached into his lower pants pocket. His hands trembled and quaked, as his heart fluttered with excitement. Louis, who was mostly short, now stood tall for the first time in his life.
  Louis methodically reached into his pants pocket, the Bell of Amun Ra slowly appeared. Louis slowly unclenched his fingers, showing the bell in all its glory.
  The magical bell began to spin slowly in his hand, as it turned a brilliant cobalt blue. Louis's cobalt blue eyes now perfectly matched the radiating colors of the Bell of Amun Ra. Louis's hair was a gleaming, a fiery red against the backdrop of the soft blue light that surrounded the earth. Placing the fantastical bell upon the top stone, Louis picked up a nearby large stone. 
  Louis gathered all his courage and strength as he raised the heavy stone above his head. He closed his eyes, letting the air of anticipation out of his lungs.
    ""Charlie the Great White Horse" your story will be told for eternity and beyond. Your courage will never be matched and your kindness will never be forgotten until the end of forever. I LOVE YOU MY FALLEN FRIEND!!"
  Louis smashed the stone upon the magic bell with all the fury and passion he could muster, and as the bell was smashed to smithereens and blown apart, an out of this world and extraordinary pulsating blue ray of electromagnetic radiation shot outwards from the top of mount Khufu. 
  Stumbling backwards as the pulsating light exploded around him, Louis covered his ears as the sounds of the oscillating visible lights detonated upwards towards Hathor's Blue Moon. As the wavelengths of the light expanded and collided with the natural satellite, the radiating eerie blue lights scattered, and backscattered across the face of the moon, eventually smothering the moon from top to bottom. All other unnatural and natural light was swallowed up, and engulfed by the thumping and throbbing energy beam.
  The blue moon did not move.
  Frantically Louis searched and clawed for answers. Now thinking to himself aloud; I have done all that was asked of me. I have followed the teachings of the Good Book, I am here where I should be, and at the right time in history. Why doesn't Hathor answer us? Why doesn't the blue moon continue on its path?
  Louis became small once more, his shoulders slumped, and his reasoning began to fail him. Again he thought, this could not be, where have I gone wrong?
  Hathor's moon still sat stoic in the noontime sky.
  Louis could not comprehend his failure. So close but yet so far. Why can I not see the answer?
  Another moment of clearness came to Louis, at just the right time, a light bulb turned on in Louis's minds-eye.
  Louis screamed out!
    "MIND...MIND...SEE...SEE...SEE...SEE...! That is it... The Eye of Providence, the all-seeing eye of God. IT IS IN MY POCKET!! The blue moon does not move because the one good eye in the world has not seen the evil, and hatred of the world in the light of the blue hour. It has not seen the world's destiny inside of this evil light. The Seeing Eye watches over all of humankind and protects it. 
  Quickly Louis delved into his other pants pocket, this time producing the Supreme Being's Seeing Eye. Holding it up towards the heavens inside of the oscillating visible light, the Seeing Eye glowed, a cobalt blue as Louis's did. The Seeing Eye blinked twice, looked about it surroundings, looked at Louis then began to spin in wild concentric circles in Louis's open palm. 
  It turned a deeper shade of blue then shot out a bright white light straight up to heaven. As the white light collided with the moon, the eyelid closed and the eye went dark. 
  Louis stood their mesmerized, looking towards the midday moon.
 Hathor's moon began a measured move towards the west. Slowly at first then bit by bit, a little faster.
    "She moves!" screamed out Louis "Hathor retreats! We have done it Mr. Beamer!  We've done it!"
  Mr. Beamer's eyes followed the moon's westward retreat back towards its normal position, in the Egyptian sky above the Nile Delta, as the Nile River began to recede back out of the Valley of Kings. 
  The brooding black storm above began to dissipate as the Procession of Equinoxes stopped cold in its tracks. The earth gently moved back into its natural position and the tremors emanating from deep within the earth's belly all but stopped, instantly. 
  All was quiet in Centerville once more, and still around the rest of the world as bright, life-giving sunlight began to wash across the faces of all once again. 
    "Yes...you've done it Louis...yes you have...you are the Chosen One after all," said Mr. Beamer as he sat down on a large stone to rest his weary, tired old bones. The air went out of Mr. Beamer's lungs as the enormity of all that he had just witnessed overtook him.
  Louis jumped down off his stone throne, throwing out his two arms as he ran towards Mr. Beamer.
  "It is done Louis...its over at last."
  "Yes it is grandfather...yes it is," said Louis as he gently embraced his own flesh and blood.
  Mr. Beamer gave his grandson a heartfelt hug in return as they both looked upwards. A multi-colored, broad-banded rainbow began to appear across the entire sky above the Valley of Kings, as the last of the ominous black storm had all but disappeared into nothingness. 
  A loud scream of joy shot out from below, from the base of the stone-mountain.
  Chug yelled out, "They retreat Louis...YOU DID IT! YOU DID IT! Paragus, Mehan the Serpent retreat, The Destroyer slithers back into his cave. THEY are leaving Louis!"
  Louis and Mr. Beamer walked to the edge of a great stone block, peering down below.
    "Olle the Ogre and George the Cave Troll, they run Louis!" he screamed out repeatedly. Junior whinnied loudly as The Baron took to flight above the great Pyramid of Khufu. A great whinny came from The Baron the higher he climbed up into the heavens above the valley. 
  As Louis stood arm in arm with his grandfather, Louis reached into his shirt only to find the silver locket with the picture of his family in it. He pulled the locket from its hiding place, opened it up, and gazed upon the picture of his mother and father. 
  Louis spoke out aloud, with love ringing in his voice.
    "I love you both very much...we are all safe once again. I will be home as soon as I can dad, mom. I know you will be proud of me."
  Mr. Beamer turned to face Louis, smiling as wide as he ever had before.
    "Louis you will be a great leader of Men, Arions and Ancients, in this new world, we will all be safe in your hands, little one."
  Louis gave Mr. Beamer another grand hug as The Baron shot pass them, performing a barrel roll and two speed dives in succession. Desert birds began to sing again from their nesting places in the nearby Nile River, and desert flowers began to open with the warmth of the invigorating Egyptian sun. The moon finally reached its full natural position, as the world breathed a collective sigh of relief.
    "Well whistle for The Baron to come get us Mr. Beamer we have to get down off of this mountain of stone, down to our friends, Digger, Chug, and Junior, then back to Centerville."
    "Yes Louis that would be the quickest way down" said Mr. Beamer as he raised his fingers to his lips, sending out a loud, high-pitched whistle. 
  Both now looked over at the top of the Pyramid of Khafre. Rukh began to disintegrate into nothing but dust and ash, as the hot sun beat down on him. A few more minutes passed as the smoldering noonday sun finally burned his body to emptiness. Petar stood amongst the ashes of his evil friend, lost in a nothingness of his own, inside of his blackened, sightless world. He was crying inconsolably.
    "What will become of him Mr. Beamer?" asked a saddened Louis.
    "He will get what he deserves."
    "And what is that?"
    "Well Louis, Petar will most likely search the earth, inside of his sightless world, for the evil Book of Aka Manah. Evil men always desire power above anything else. Craving ultimate power robs weaker men's souls and spirits, and will turn them all into a Petar, in one form or another, thank god there is ultimate good in the world, in the form of our own little, red haired Louis, to keep this true evil in check."
  Louis gave his grandfather another sizable hug.
  Petar began to stumble and fumble around the top of mountain. You could hear soft cries of pain as his feet awkwardly kicked the massive stone blocks around him. He eventually was lost from sight, falling in between two great slabs of granite, swallowed up inside of the belly of the Great Pyramid of Khafre.
  Louis prayed for Petar under his breath as Mr. Beamer hailed The Baron once more. Off the mountain they went, landing next to their good friends, who were waiting for them with open arms.
    "Well my good friend you have done it again, but this time you went and saved the world, are you not the best?" asked Chug Martin to his best friend "are we still blood brothers?"
    "Till the end of time Chug and beyond," said Louis as he gave Chug and Junior a grand sized hug.
    "What happened up there Louis? What about Petar and especially tell me about our Charlie" asked Chug.
    "All in good time Chug, there is so much to tell, but I will tell you that Charlie is in a better place now and with his father, I am sure of that. He is most likely high up in the upper stratosphere of the earth in a form not unlike his fathers."
    "Do you think so Louis?" asked Chug as he looked upwards towards the deep blue skies, and colorful rainbows above them.
    "Well remember that feather Charlie found once in his barn, while plowing his field? I believe that was his father's feather, that is why he cherished it so, he showed it to me once. Then you had that sign from above at the foot of the impassable Ingnok Mountains, remember you caught it as it floated down from above after the fight with Raff the Red Wolf?"
    "Yes I remember it now Louis. So you think our Charlie...is...is...a...?"
    "Well I am not sure Chug, but that was always his wish, and he did give us his life in the name of good...so...so...maybe he got his wish after all and was reborn into a higher form, a freedom not to many ever have the luxury of experiencing in their lives."
    "What is that freedom Louis?"
  Junior interrupted them, speaking up with passion in his voice; missing his father all the more, with every moment that passed.
    "It is true freedom, to go where ever you like on a moments whim. To be able fly higher than anyone, thing, beast, or other bird has ever flow before. It is an absolute freedom of mind, body, and spirit, knowing that you rule the skies with no other equal, above or below you and that you fly only in the name of good, and that you are the true "King of the Skies". 
  My father has been reborn once again. I know that as an unqualified and unconditional truth. Just as my grandfather was and someday I will be. It is the way of the Arions since the dawn of time."
  Junior lowered his head once again in honor of his fallen father. Mr. Beamer, Chug, The Baron, with Louis all gathered around Chrysaor's only son, (Charlie's only son), to show respect and love.
    "One day you will take your father's place in history Junior, and when your time comes, I am sure you will be as brave and as selfless as your father was," said Louis.
    "I can only hope so. I can only hope that I will be half the Arion that my father was."
  All, with tears free flowing in memory of such a great horse, and truly a great friend to all who knew him, observed a moment of silence.
  

  Blue and white lotus flowers and water lilies bloomed in the warmth of the new-day sun, desert winds scented with papyrus plants began to blow anew in across the great red and brown sand dunes surrounding the vast valley. Fluffy white cumulous clouds now stood tall above the serene basin and stone mountains. All things were right in the universe once again. 
  Louis and his friends all agreed that they should spend the night by the tranquil Nile River for the evening, in the heart of the Nile Delta, in ancient Egypt. 
  After lighting a large bonfire, Chug would catch another great fish for dinner. Louis would play his lovely flute, and sing lively songs once again, to the delight of his weary friends.
  All would be warm and content by the fire, after having a more than satisfying meal cooked by Chug. Then as the crackling fire would begin its hypnotic draw upon all, Mr. Beamer would light his smoking pipe, recline his temperament, lower his voice, and begin to tell the stories that would be written down for all of history to be read and to be told, and enjoyed many times over. 
  The stories would be retold, and rewritten, embellished, beautified, and exaggerated throughout the coming, years and centuries, and many of the stories told on this night would become great myths and legends, from that night on. 
  They would be the stories of Charlie's great magical transformations, grand feats, exploits, triumphs, and accomplishments. 
  They would be the distinguished and celebrated stories of Charlie the Horse, but of course, there would be stories told of the heroic and famous Chug Martin, and stories told about the devoted and prideful Junior, and The Baron. Oh and let us not forget the illustrious and remarkable Tut-ankh-Amon, better known as our own Mr. Beamer.
  Ultimately, finally, lastly, and most certainly, there is the never forgotten, and always talented, skillful, lofty, clever and witty, and always exalted, Ozymandia-Ra-Atum-Khepri! 
  He is the Child-King, and the Savior. He is also known as, Louis the Red and Louis the White. This impish little boy, with the bright red hair, and disarming blue eyes, recognized as Louis Robert Parks, but most importantly of all, he is the starting first baseman for the Centerville Giants. 

 































~Chapter 27~
Back to Mr. Beamer's Barn

    "Louis wake up, you've been sleeping off and on for days now" said his worried mother "Louis we are all just so troubled about you...wake up Louie...please..."
    "That was quite a hit on the head he took Hattie May," said Thomas Beamer as he placed another cold compress on Louis's forehead.
    Well, we're not going to let him play baseball anymore, if this is going to keep happening," said a flustered Mrs. Beamer as she took Louie's little hand in hers.
  Louis had been lying in bed, drifting in and out of sleep and dead to the world, for the better part of the week, ever since that line drive had hit him on the top of the head during the championship game against those hated Logansport Tigers. 
  The bump was smaller now than before, after his first examination. Doc Wellman told Hattie May to keep an eye on him, keep him warm and comfortable, and make sure he gets plenty of rest. 
  It was all so awful.
    "Why does Louis keep mumbling on about flying horses, wolves chasing him, Indian Chiefs, and pirate captains? I just don't understand honey, I always knew our little Louis had a grand imagination, but this has been going on for days now" said Hattie May.
    "You know honey you are so right. Louis has always had the greatest imagination of any child I have ever known, but this talk about him being a real town hero, and saving the world and all. Then did you hear who was chasing him? It is all a little bit much don't you think Hattie May? Are you sure Doc Wellman said he's OK?"
    "Jeremy, my pumpkin, my husband...try shaking him one more time to see if he wakes again?" asked Hattie May as she bent down, giving Louie a soft kiss on the cheek.
  Louis's father lightly pulled down the comforter from over Louis's body, gentling grasping him by his slim shoulders, then he softly shook him, "Louis...son...wake up now honey..." 
  Louis slowly stirred. 
  He methodically opened one blue eye then the other, as the warm and inviting morning sun broke in through Mr. Beamer's upper barn window. It was a pale yellow sunlight only found during the early autumn, in the sleepy little town of Centerville, Indiana. A few songbirds began singing a wonderful, lively tune, while sitting in the nearby pine and birch trees that encircled the hills and dales, of the low-lying grassy valley.
  Louis scanned about Mr. Beamer's barn as his eyes gained their full focus. His small lungs took in the sweet smells of the late summer hay and dried grasses, about where he lay. He sluggishly sat up in his bed of hay and cotton comforters, only to see himself surrounded by all of his friends and family. 
  As Louis leisurely looked about the barn he could see Harriot the Milking cow standing in her stall munching hay, Mr. Turkey was sitting, as always upon his favorite pillow by the front barn doors (with his red sneakers on), Rodchester the Roster, the Henderson family of chickens with Mitch the Bulldog, were all over by the horse stalls. 
  Then looking downwards to the foot of his bed, there was laying Muncy, (his golden retriever and best friend), his tail waged freely, as drool was rolling down from his smiling face.
    "Why Muncy, so nice to see you again" said Louis as he smiled just as wide as Muncy "how long have I been asleep, and mom why am I down here in Mr. Beamer's barn on this bed?"
  Muncy crawled up to Louis's chess, nudging in closer to him.
    "Louis don't you remember what happened?" asked Hattie May "you got hit by that errant ball last week during the Big Game, which gave you a rather large lump on your head. You came into the front yard then you passed out on the couch. We called Doc Wellman and he came right over. You had the biggest bump I had ever seen before. We were all just so concerned about you Louis."
    "No I don't remember at all. Mom, Dad, Mr. Beamer, Mrs. Beamer, you are all here. I am sorry if I worried you, but I'm OK...it would take more than some misbehaving baseball hitting me on the head to cause any real trouble. Heck I get in more trouble than that every day, just by not doing my daily chores or my homework..."
  Everyone laughed aloud.
    "Well you are certainly right there Louis. Glad to have you back with us" said Mr. Beamer as Molly Jenkins, Tessie Whitman, Chug Martin, and Short-Stack entered the barn. Molly seeing Louis awake ran up to her Louis, throwing her loving arms around him, and she did not even care who saw her.
    "Why hi Hot Tamale Tom..." said a wide-eyed Louis.
    "Louis you're going to get it someday, don't forget, "The Look"."
    "Oh I won't. Nice to see you to Molly...Always loved you...always will..."
  Molly blushed.
    "Back at ya...Louis" said Molly. 
    "Hi Louis...glad to see you doing better!" said Chug.
    "Good morning Chug...my best friend..."
    "Yeah...good morning Louis" chimed in Tessie and Short-Stack.
    "Oh Louis you little rat, I have been so worried about you. Are you Ok now and how's the head?" Molly gave Louis a quick kiss on the cheek.
    "I guess I'm Ok Molly, what's all the fuss about?"
    "Louis you keep drifting in and out of sleep," said a worried Hattie May "and as you were half-asleep, you've been daydreaming, and much more than you usually do. You were mumbling on and on about orange abominable snowmen, little elves, a talking great white snow panther named Panthera, and about a trip to the North Pole, and a trip to Egypt and on and on honey. Then you kept asking,  "How's Charlie...where's Charlie", you were just so worried about him that we brought a bed down from the attic and set you up here, in the middle of Mr. Beamer's barn so you could be closer to him."
    "Well, speaking of Charlie...where is he?"
    "Now that you are awake I will go get him Louis, he's out in the north fields with The Baron, and Mr. Belvedere working" said Mr. Beamer "I will go get them and be right back."
  Mr. Beamer exited the barn doors as everyone gathered closer around Louis.
    "Honey where did you get this imagination of yours, you've been talking on and on about trying to save the world, and that some guy named Petar was chasing you all over the god's creation, while flying on a fire breathing dragon called Dragon. There was talking horses, and the animals of Mr. Beamer's barn talked, there was a horse napping of Jupiter the Show Horse, there was a flying Indian named Black Elk, pirates fighting on The Great Lake, oh honey it just went on and on for days."
    "But mom, it's all true! There was a famous ship's captain who sailed the Great Lake below Canada. He was Captain Legrande Legrange, and his wife was a real Lady, her name was Angeline Angelique. Then there was Red Beard the Pirate and the Red Ghost, it was his pirate ship...and there was..."
    "Honey, that can't all be true, you've been sleeping here for days, how could you have met a famous captain and his wife, or seen that pirate ship and pirates?" asked Hattie May.
    "Not only that but there was these two giants, an ogre named Olle and a huge cave troll name George, who carried a really large club...man you should have seen it...boy was I frightened. Just ask Chug he was there."
    "Louis, I've been over at the ballpark all week, and then over here checking on you every night. I'm pretty sure that I would have remembered seeing two large giants, here in Centerville."
    "No Chug we were in Egypt in the Valley of the Kings, don't you remember...? Molly we went to the North Pole, and you went to a grand ball with me on the Cimmaron Cutter, remember that big sailing ship?"
    "No...I...er...don't remember that Louis. Wow, that hit on the head you took has really affected your memory Louis. Maybe we should call Doc Wellman back over and have him take a look at you again," said Molly as she gave Louis another little kiss.
    "Oh...don't you guys remember, or are you all just fooling me? Ask Miss Harriot, she will tell you all about that horrible Squint-Eyed Pete and Charlie's magical transformation on Christmas Eve, he became a flying horse, just ask her."
  Harriot the Milking Cow, looked over at Louis with a blank look on her face, just munching her hay.
    "Louis...come on man...everyone knows that cows can't talk or any other animals" said Chug as he smiled and looked over at Molly.
    "But mom, Chug...Molly...but...but..."
  The barn doors swung wider open as The Baron, Mr. Belvedere, and Charlie the Horse strolled into Mr. Beamer's barn. Digger the rabbit was sitting on Charlie's back, nibbling on a carrot, recently provided by Mr. Beamer.
    "Charlie you're here...and Digger you're really here as well!" called out Louis.
  Digger hopped down off Charlie's back as Charlie approached the center of the barn where Louis's bed was.
    "Digger, that sure was quite the adventure in Egypt, wasn't it?" 
  The little rabbit hopped up to Louis's chest burying himself into his open shirt, a blank look crossed his face as well.
    "What's the matter Digger, cat got you tongue?"
    "Louis is you sure you're Ok? Rabbits can't talk either," said Molly "again we better call Doc Wellman down here...Hattie May".
    "Oh Louis, I'm so worried about you..." said Hattie May.
    "Mom..."
    "Louis here's Charlie," said Mr. Beamer "I know you truly miss him".
  Charlie stepped forward, lowering his head next to where Louis was lying. Louis rubbed Charlie's forelock between his ears as Charlie gave a low whinny, appreciating the affection.
    "Charlie please say something, It's your Louis" said the perplexed little boy.
  Charlie shook his head back and forth, letting out another soft whiney.
    "Look son I think that bump on your head, and your endless daydreaming has finally caught up to you. We always wanted you to use your imagination, and we always want you to envision yourself, the hero of your dreams, but this should show you the truth. That truth is that horses cannot talk, nor rabbits, and there were no pirate ships or pirates, and there were no orange abominable snowmen, what did you once call him, Nebuka, or even any or big tall giants. You just bumped your head and your imagining things."
  Louis looked deeply into Charlie's soft brown eyes, with love in his heart.
    "But Charlie...my Charlie...why don't you say something, it's your Louis." 
  Looking down at Digger nestled in his shirt Louis spoke out again.
    Man...oh...man...Digger...are you and Charlie just fooling with me? Why...why...I don't understand..."
    "Louis I am still, your father and I think I know what is best for you. You just lay there in your comfortable bed, and get a little more rest, and then all of these wild, day dreams and visions will end, then you will be good as new in no time at all."
    "Man you guys. Molly don't you remember we flew on The Baron's back from Egypt. We gave those two special eyes back to Horus the Elder, then we flew up to the Boreal Forest in Canada, then I took you to the top of the Tree of Knowledge to see the special lights of the Aurora Borealis, way above the North Pole, like I once promised you I would.
    "No I would have remembered a date like that Louis, it was what...The Tree of Knowledge in where...?' asked Molly.
    "Geez, you guys...look I saved the world on the top of the Pyramid of Khufu in ancient Egypt, and I can prove it. Let me see, Charlie was there and he turned into a Unicorn with a golden horn on his head. I cut it off and offered it to Hathor the Moon Goddess, and then the two giants and this large serpent named Apophasis the Destroyer ran for the Neither World because daylight returned.
  Then Dragon the Fire Breathing Dragon crashed with Petar on his back on top of this other pyramid. Then there was a, light that shot out from the top of the stone-mountain, it moved the blue moon back in place and there was no more Blue Hour after that. 
  I used the Eye of Providence to do it. Then the wildest story of all was last year when I fought off Growlar the Ancient Cave bear. I slew him in his own lair. I outwitted him at a riddle game. Hey I've got an idea..."
    "Like I said Louis you just get some more sleep," said Hattie May.
  Everyone began patting Louis on his back, giving him words of encouragement all the while. Digger rubbed his soft whiskers on Louis's chest as Charlie turned away, heading for his stall, still voiceless.  
    "Ok you guys don't believe me then, but I've got a riddle for you now, which will prove that I saved the world, and that I did what I said I did! Just like I outwitted Growlar with a riddle, I will outwit all of you now," proclaimed Louis, as he sat up even higher in his bed.
    "OK Louis, what's your riddle that will prove you saved the world" asked a skeptical Mr. Beamer.
    "Yeah, what's the riddle," asked Chug and the others.
    "Riddle me this:

What does almost everyone own 
and is usually folded in half 

Is made of wood pulp and is a denomination
It has value to their owners and is found around the world
Look to the backside to find my proof
    
    "Louis that is the silliest thing I've ever heard, who knows what that means" asked Molly "how are we supposed figure that riddle out?"
    "That's right Molly, how are we going to figure that out" asked Chug.
    "Yeah...what's up with that," asked Tessie as she took Chug's hand in hers.
    "Well you kids have your riddles, Jeremy and I are going to go out in the sunshine of the new day and take a nice walk" said Hattie May "let's go Jeremy, we can check on Louis later in the day after he's had another nap. Plus Charlie and Digger will be here to take care of our Louis." 
  All the kids, Jeremy, Mr. Beamer, and Mrs. Beamer all started to head towards the two barn doors, lively talking between themselves.
    "Louis you know those are the most fantastical stories that I have ever heard of, outwitting an ancient cave bear. Get some sleep now little one" said Mr. Beamer as he turned to go, and as he did Louis could swear he saw a string of ancient cave bear teeth strung around his neck, at the top of his open shirt.
     "Mr. Beamer is those...those bear's teeth?" asked an excited Louis.
  It was too late Mr. Beamer had already passed out of the barn, and out of earshot. Louis reclined back down in his bed, pulled the comforter back over his chest, then started to rub the large bump found on the top of his head. 
  His cowl-lick was gone which shocked little Louis.
  Louis spoke to Digger. 
    "I must have found some courage along the way Digger, during my journeys around the world, now how about that, no more cowl-lick?"
  Digger thumped his two feet on Louis's chest, but did not speak. Louis was now alone in the barn again, with only the farm animals, Digger and Charlie left to keep him company. Charlie seeing that all was quiet left the comfort of his stall and sauntered back up to Louis, and his bed. He was wearing his old, familiar green straw hat and had a large eagle feather neatly tucked behind one ear.
    "Well Ole' Charlie the Barnyard Horse, you have your favorite hat on and can that be your father's eagle feather?"
  Charlie lovingly blinked twice.
    "Or is your name Charlie the Jingle Bell Horse, or Charlie the Great White Horse or Aswan the White, or is it Chrysaor the Unicorn, The King of the Arions." 
  Charlie said nothing he just stood there with a mouth full of hay, and was just as happy as can be.
    "Charlie, speak already. Now what about the one horse race you won once, The Porter House Steaks...?"
  Ole' Charlie gave Louis another loving nudge with his long wet nose, right in the center of Louis's chest, Charlie again did not speak he only whinnied. Charlie started to look around the barn with a quizzical look on his face that Louis could not understand. Louis seeing this began to look around the barn as well. 
  There was Charlie's bridal and leather reins right where they should be hanging on a nearby nail. There was his favorite blanket on a shelf, nothing out of the ordinary there. Then there was Mr. Turkey on his pillow shaking in his red tennis shoes (which Louis thought was odd, but did not say anything), and then there on the very back wall of the barn, Louis noticed something very, very, very strange.
  There were about one hundred horseshoes hanging neatly, in perfect rows. Now, as Louis stared in amazement, out walked from Charlie's horse stall, the most beautiful horse the world has ever seen: Queen Anastasiya Stasja, Charlie's wife, and Junior his loving son appeared right behind her.
  Louis began to cry at the sight of Charlie's beautiful family.
    "You have a fine-looking family Charlie, and about Real Ladies and their horseshoes, I know what you mean", said Louis as he mustered a grand smile, then wiped more tears, from his eyes. 
  Louis then reached into his back pocket, only to find a large white feather. He looked over at Charlie then back at Digger. Digger hearing and seeing all the commotion fully popped out of Louis's shirt, and out from under the cover of the cotton comforter, and as he did a large, perfectly formed large pink diamond popped out of his furry pouch, landing right on the center of Louis's chest. Looking at the diamond with eyes wider than Big Sal rear end, Louis tried to speak but could not, "Ah...ah...ah...er...Digger...     Charlie...wha-t the heck..."
  Digger and Charlie smiled as broadly, and as widely as they ever had before as Louis spoke out one last time.
    "I told you all I was going to be a real town hero someday, now just wait until they solve that riddle!" 


The End


~Epilog~

   "I have bright red hair and freckles splattered everywhere on my face. 
    I know I am a little small for my age?but I cannot help that. 
    I know I have a tendency to daydream and not finish my chores as I       
    should, but I am sure gonna be somebody?someday?you just wait and   
    see.
    Man?I'm gonna be famous! 
    I'll be a real town hero...I tell ya!"

    "Louis is you off daydreaming again," yelled out Chug "get your head in the      
    game!" 
    "Hey, I'm watching the pitcher...lay off."
    "Man?oh?man?if you flub up again were gonna lose the game Louis."  
    "Alright...already?Chug?don't be a blabbermouth?I'm paying   
    attention?already?"

    "I know, my mom picks on me too much but it's just out of her love for me that she does?I just know it. I have a bad habit of not doing my chores on time but it's not my fault; I've got a lot of things to do. Being ten years old is hard these days and adults just don't seem to understand that. And you know what else?...I've been standing on first base here for what seems like hours now waiting for that batter to hit that darned ball. 
    I would much rather be climbing the Great Pyramid of Giza in Egypt right now?or be fighting off a gigantic ancient cave bear in his reeking, old den or crossing the Great Lake on the world's fastest Cutter Ship; like I have seen in my dreams?so many times before. 
  That's what I would rather be doing right now; instead, I'm standing here on first base all day in this pesky heat. 
  Yeah, that sure would be fun?being famous. No one would be picking on me then. 
  I tell ya, it's, tough being Robert Louis Parks...you should just try it for... a day."


  
          















