Choices
By
Peter Müller


SMASHWORDS EDITION

* * * * *

PUBLISHED BY:
Peter Müller on Smashwords
ISBN: 9781310384141 


Choices
Copyright © 2013 by Peter Müller at Smashwords.com
All rights reserved

* * * * *

Choices

Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Thank you for reading
About the Author

* * * * *

Chapter 1

The awakening

The great moon bathes the battlefield in its intense light. In this big city built of wood and stone all you can hear is the sound of steel clashing and the screams of men and women fighting. But the battle is almost over. The Duke of Dorohoi has lost, and fled with what remaining forces he had while leaving some behind to stall the enemy. This marks another great victory for the Liberation Army, the end of the war for the Dorohoi territory is getting near.
The self-nominated Liberation Army is composed of strong men and women from the Slatina territory. They are not normal people, they have horns on their heads, shaped like a ram's. They are also slightly stronger and more resilient, and they never get sick. But there is one young warrior fighting for this army who has no horns. He looks like an average young man, with brown hair, blue eyes and a slender body. He doesn't look physically strong but this young warrior is fighting with a skill that nobody else around him can match. He wields a spear with smooth and precise movements, striking down his enemies with ease. 
A big man in full armor and with horns noticeably bigger than the others approaches the young warrior. "Hokuto," the man calls out to him, "it has been a long day, but it'll soon come to an end," he speaks proudly. "You have been a great instrument to the Goddess. We are just about to move in to capture the soldiers who were left behind, but you can leave this to us. Go help the others to capture the detached soldiers that are still resisting."
The big man moves away in a different direction followed by a big pack of more horned soldiers. The young warrior named Hokuto takes a different path. He finds a few more enemy soldiers resisting and he swiftly dispatches of them. While Hokuto walks around the streets, he catches a sound that feels awfully familiar. The sound paralyzes him, his cool face changes to one of desperation, his heart starts pounding. It's the sound of men laughing in pleasure... lustful, evil pleasure. He storms inside the house where the sound is coming from. The door was already broken. He moves fast but his steps are unsteady. He goes up a set of stairs and enters a room, finding two men having their way with a very young woman. The young warrior drops to his knees and without knowing the reason, screams as loud as his lungs allow him to. The two men turn in his direction startled by the scream, but before they could grasp the situation, the young warrior lunges towards them, spear in hand, and pierces both of them in rapid succession, leaving them no time to react. The two men fall to the floor in pain, and the young warrior keeps piercing them without pause, alternating between the two, while screaming in anguish. The powerful sound of thunder can be heard in the outside. The young woman, though now released from the men, is horrified from the sight of a young man killing so violently, having blood being spilled at her. The young warrior stops, staring down at the two butchered men, silent. The woman only slightly calms down when she catches a glimpse of the man's face, tears trickling down on it. He notices the woman looking at him with a scared look. He takes a few steps back until he hits the wall. The young warrior is feeling completely confused and disoriented, he feels that something is wrong, out of place. He can't make sense out of this situation, he isn't sure of where he is, who he is or what he was doing. He thinks he is hearing a voice speaking to him, but he can't see where the voice is coming from, and he can't understand what it says. He rushes out of the house to escape, but he doesn't know what he is escaping from. It's raining, hard. A horned soldier approaches the young warrior after having noticed him leaving the house.
"Hokuto! Are you ok?" Is all the man says, or rather, is all he was able to say. In this situation, the young warrior isn't being able to tell the difference between friend or foe, and before the soldier could even notice it coming, the young warrior delivers a fatal stab in him. He continues walking unsteadily along the street, striking down others that come near him. He doesn't know what he is killing, he just does. But before long, his conscience suddenly blacks out.

***

Reiken

The young warrior is having a dream. In it he is many years younger, just a boy, crouched down in the corner of a room, crying hopelessly, hurt in several places. He hears sounds of men laughing in pleasure and painful screams coming from a young woman. Unable to cope with the situation, he musters what strength he has to get up on his feet and run out without looking back. The pain of abandoning that woman feels greater than the pain of his physical injuries, but he is convinced there was nothing else he could do. Just as he passes by the door, he sees something that feels out of place, a man standing outside, looking directly at him, watching him run. The man is handsome, with a strong built, long blonde hair, crystal blue eyes, and the appearance of a thirty year-old, the prime of a man's age. This man has a face that shows pity for the boy. Then the young warrior wakes up with a gasp, feeling confused, his brown eyes opened wide. He puts one hand on his head and shuts his eyes tight, as if to deny the images inside his head. A few seconds later, he drops his hand and his face doesn't show any pain anymore, he is suddenly calm. He opens his eyes slowly, now with a clear blue color. The sun is already up, it has been many hours since that moment of rage in the city. He sees beams of light penetrating between the leaves of a tree he is sleeping on. In this place he can only hear the sounds of birds chirping and the wind blowing. The temperature is cool. It's a peaceful looking morning.
"You seem to have gone through a very terrible experience," The young warrior says to himself.
"Who is...?" A voice is heard from within him.
"My name is Hokuto."
"What is this? What is happening?"
"I'm sharing your body with you. You've been 'sleeping' for the last month and I've been conveniently using it during this time. It was quite helpful I might say, being able to use the body without having to deal with its owner."
"What are you saying? What is happening? How's this..."
"Calm down. Try to relax, I'll explain it to you. It's this bracelet," Hokuto lifts his left hand to his eyes, showing an intriguing bracelet on his wrist. "The bracelet is what allows my soul to share this body with you. Try to make sense of it all and you'll begin to understand."
"Ugh, I feel terrible."
"You probably awakened because of a trauma."
The voice stays silent.
"You don't seem as startled as I thought you would be, considering there is another person using your body."
The voice doesn't reply again and they both keep silent for some time. Hokuto looks up... a couple of birds are nesting on a branch above him.
"It's weird," says the voice from inside.
"What is?"
"Feels... peaceful... here."
"Yeah, I know what you mean. It's funny actually, we are just a few minutes away from the city and it feels like a different world. It's like we never stop to appreciate these little things, the morning, the breeze, the trees. It feels like we can just forget about everything else for a moment."
"The birds must have a good life. Just living how they want, not having to mind about stealing, murder, torture, or..." the voice doesn't continue.
"With me you can change things, I'm fighting for a future to our nation that should give peace to the people."
"Peace? What peace? How?"
"I'll explain it to you later," Hokuto jumps off the tree. "What is your name?"
"... it's Reiken."
"Nice to meet you, Reiken. I hope we can become friends. You made quite a mess in the city yesterday. I had to bring us outside and sleep here to avoid more problems, you killed a few of my allies."
Reiken doesn't reply.
"But that is past already, and considering our situation, there is no point in arguing with you about it. I just hope nobody noticed us, because that would be hard to explain. Anyway, let us return to the city now."
Hokuto starts heading back.

***

Back at the city

It doesn't take long before Hokuto gets back to the city, he hadn't gone far. Most people in it are still indoors and the place is rather calm, but the aftertaste of recent battle is still around, there are plenty of horned soldiers patrolling, organizing things. Hokuto decides to talk about them to Reiken as he walks, keeping his voice low.
"Slatina didn't start a war against Dorohoi to gain more territory, power, or something of the sort. We are doing it to save this territory. Salvation was brought to our territory, and we are on a mission to share it with the rest of the nation."
"What do you mean?" The voice of Reiken is heard from inside his head.
"A messenger appeared in Slatina talking about the existence of a goddess that was speaking to her, a powerful being that watches over our world and the people. A being that transcends our existence, and has influence over our souls, after our death."
"It sounds ridiculous."
"Everyone thought it was ridiculous at first as well... until ridiculous things started to happen, that proved us it was true. The acknowledgment of the Goddess, and the decision to have devotion for her, to follow her teachings, changed the people. The horns you see on the soldiers is proof of this devotion. The horns grow after some time. At first people were frightened by it, thinking the horns were a bad sign, and the messenger was the cause of the transformation, but even after she was locked up, there were still more people learning about the Goddess and changing. And besides growing horns, people would also suddenly become more healthy, slightly stronger, and immune to diseases. Naturally, the people who were sick or wanted to get stronger were the first ones to want to learn about the Goddess and swear their devotion. After her Lady Bleaumenaux decided to change too, it didn't take long for the whole territory to follow."
"Who is Bleaumenaux?"
"Her Lady Bleaumenaux is the duchess of Slatina, strange of you to ask."
"Why?"
"Never mind, I suppose it actually shouldn't be strange to not know her. But continuing what I was talking about, there are also some conditions, rules you could say, that you need to follow to continue having the Goddess' favor. The Goddess teaches us to have compassion for all the people around us, to try leading a peaceful life, respecting others, never killing without justification, never stealing, and never hurting others if it can be prevented. There will be terrible consequence to the ones that don't follow those teachings, it is said you will be punished after you die. But those that lead a life of compassion, showing true devotion to her teachings, will be rewarded. These are words that were passed on to us by the Goddess' messenger. This act of trusting and following the teachings of the Goddess is called religion."
"Religion?"
"Yes."
"I still find it difficult to believe in the existence of such being."
"Me being here talking to you, bound to your body, thanks to a bracelet, is proof of the Goddess' power."
While Hokuto is walking around talking to Reiken, he notices a horned soldier coming his way. 
"Captain Hokuto, General Albert was looking for you. He should be at the manor right now."
"Thank you for the message, I'll head there right away."
The soldier salutes Hokuto, then returns to where he came from.
"Captain?" Reiken asks.
"Oh, I still didn't introduce myself, my apologies. I'll make sure to do that later."
Hokuto starts heading towards the manor. When he approaches its entrance, a couple of soldiers guarding it step out of his way and give directions to the room where General Albert is. He arrives at the destination and another soldier by the door opens it for him. The man with big horns and another two men are looking at papers on a table inside the room, but they stop when they notice Hokuto getting inside.
"Hokuto! I'm glad to see that you're well, your sudden disappearance was starting to concern me," the man says.
"Good morning, Albert," Hokuto greets and walks towards him. The two men that were with Albert leave the room, then Hokuto continues talking. "I had a little... problem."
"What happened?"
"This boy here had a sudden, and disturbing, awakening."
"That's troublesome, we can't have the boy disrupting our mission and putting you at risk. You also most certainly wouldn't want to lose that bracelet. Maybe we should kill..."
"That's not necessary," Hokuto interrupts Albert. "This boy was going to awake sooner or later, we already knew that. Now that he has, I'll come in terms with him."
"Hum..." Albert is thinking with a troubled look in his face, "are you really certain he won't get in the way? You know how important this is, don't you? We can get someone more compliant for you."
"Is it really worth wasting his life like that? I told you, it's fine, I'll come in terms with him."
"I'll admit his appearance has been very useful." Albert turns more serious. "And speaking of which, I have a mission for you. Look at this map, with this city we are almost done conquering Dorohoi, we are close to ending this silly war with Duke Romero, he must have fled to this fort city called Rom, where he plans to make his last stand. He must be thinking he can hold us off at the fort city, but our victory is assured. In the name of the Goddess and Lady Bleaumenaux, we will free this territory from his tyranny. That fool was too stupid to not surrender Dorohoi, but now I don't even want him to, we'll show the people that righteousness lies on our side.  We had really rough victories though, we should take our time to recover and prepare for this next battle."
"Well yes, but what's the mission?"
"Look here," Albert points at the map, "this is a city called Destonea, at a two days travel time, at most. I know that we just fought a big battle, but me and the others were looking at the maps and making some plans, and we decided we should check the condition of this city, so we called you to ask you to do it."
"Why?"
"For supplies, and support. Besides, remember that our true role here isn't to conquer Dorohoi, it's to liberate it. That's why we call ourselves the Liberation Army. While winning the war is our main objective, we want people to look at us as saviors, not invaders. Since Destonea is nearby, we should take the chance to liberate it as well."
"So, you want me to scout it first?"
"That's correct. Check the situation of the city, and depending on it, we should be able to occupy it with zero casualties. Send us a messenger after you're done."
"Alright, Albert. I'll get to it."
"Excellent. But watch out for yourself, Hokuto, don't act recklessly, we agreed you should keep that young body so you could walk around the territory without getting any attention, which is very useful. Besides, you and the bracelet are too important to us, so take care."
"I know."
"Well. Have a safe trip, may the Goddess be with you."
"You too, take care."
They both salute each other, and Hokuto turns to leave. Shortly after stepping outside of the manor, the voice of Reiken is heard, and they have a conversation while Hokuto walks.
"Destonea... that's the city where I was born, and grew up during most of my life."
"Is it? How long has it been since you last were there?"
"I'm not sure, a few years."
"Then this should be an interesting trip for you."
"Yeah, I'm pretty interested in seeing how the city is doing now," Reiken goes silent for a moment. "By the way, who are you? They all seemed somewhat respectful of you."
"Right, I suppose it's about time for my introduction. I am Hokuto, former close protector of Duchess Lin Bleaumenaux. I was raised with the duty of becoming her protector, since I was only five years old I began to be rigorously trained in combat by two different masters. When I wasn't training, I was by her side, and I have watched her grow since she was three.  But now I'm a captain in the Liberation Army, formed to liberate Dorohoi from Duke Romero, led by general Albert, who is both a great strategist and a formidable warrior himself."
"If you're a captain of this army, why were you given this lone scouting task?"
"That's because of you. We made new plans after you got the bracelet and I started using your body. You're from Dorohoi and since the body is yours, it won't grow horns. I can go around without raising any kind of suspicion or concern. As a bonus, you also don't look much threatening, which is a nice advantage in combat."
"So you plan to just use my body as you please?"
"Sorry, but you're stuck with me. We are both bound together by the bracelet's power now, it won't come off until you're dead, and taking it off forcefully would also kill you. There isn't anything you can do about it."
"But why are you always controlling my body and all that I'm able to do is watch? Wasn't I able to take control of it yesterday?"
"I think it has to do with willpower."
"... I see."
"Don't think too much about it. I would appreciate if you just let me do what I need to. You should realize now how important it is."
"This wretched territory has brought only pain to my life. I would love to see that stupid Romero fall."
"I'll probably be there when it happens."

***

The city of Destonea

Hokuto makes a few preparations and starts his trip towards Destonea, still early in the day. He travels on foot, an inconvenience but part of the disguise as a normal citizen of Dorohoi. He finds only a couple of small villages on the way. He arrives at Destonea near dusk of the next day. Entering the city, both Hokuto and Reiken start feeling like there is something wrong with the place. It's too quiet, the people walk around with their heads low, not speaking to each other. It's much less lively than the standard city. A little later they find a small group of thug-looking men walking together, armed with weapons. Hokuto understands the situation immediately.
"This city was taken by bandits. I better hide before they see me walking around with a spear."
Hokuto waits for the thugs to pass by and then continues to walk around the city, being careful to not get any attention. The people seem to walk around minding their own business, the city overall is pretty quiet. Hokuto notices that there aren't that many young able men around, probably because they must have been taken to fight in the war. The women seem to be making an extra effort to not be noticeable, covering their body in clothing. As Hokuto continues to walk his ears suddenly catch the sound of music coming from nearby. Interested in it, he follows the sound, finding a young looking man with a long hat playing a flute next to a statue. His tune sounds sad, very fitting for the environment, though unfortunate. Then he sees another group of armed thug-looking men walking by, laughing, in high spirits, the opposite of every other person in the city. The young man stops playing his music, his long hat covers his face, but for a moment the man tips his hat upwards and catches Hokuto staring at him. They just spend a moment looking at each other from a distance, Hokuto surprises himself as he sees the man's expression, it looks like someone with determination, but he isn't sure what to think about it, he may be just imagining things. Hokuto turns his gaze away from him and walks away. He continues to walk some more around the city, and then he notices a man laughing dragging a young looking woman into a small street, pulling her by the wrist. There are people nearby that notice this, but they do nothing but look at her with pity on their faces. For some reason that he can't tell, Hokuto is starting to sweat.
"Is he going to... Hokuto, you have to follow that man, you have to save that girl!" Reiken sounds desperate.
"Reiken, calm down. I'm here to investigate, I can't risk myself just to save a girl."
"Why? Why not help her? Why isn't anyone helping? Why nobody ever helps?" Reiken sounds like he could start crying.
"You must stay calm, Reiken. We still don't fully understand the situation with this city." Hokuto feels his body heating up, it seems Reiken's feelings are affecting him, even though he is not in control.
"If you don't want to do it, then I will." Hokuto's eyes turn from blue to Reiken's original brown eyes.
"Wait, Reiken. I'll do it, I'll go help her for you."
Reiken closes his eyes and grits his teeth trying to suppress his anger. After a brief moment he decides to relax and leave it to Hokuto, who takes back control of the body, opening his blue eyes with a serious look. Hokuto moves quickly towards the small street where the man went with the young woman. Just as he turns a corner in the street, he finds the man standing up while staring down at the woman on the floor. She looks to be in panic, begging the man for something, and the man is just laughing it off. Hokuto calmly comes closer.
"Hey."
The man turns to Hokuto, his face shows surprise at first but it quickly returns to his sneer as he takes a glance of the young man in front of him. "What you want kid? Get lost."
"Let the woman go," Hokuto takes his spear in hand and points it towards the man.
"Huh? Ye wanna fight me? Ha ha ha ha ha, the boy wants to play hero! If ye'r looking for a fight, boy, I'll give ye one," the man picks up the axe strapped to his waist.
The man looks at Hokuto's spear for a moment, and decides to make the first move. He charges at him swinging his axe, but the battle barely lasts three seconds. Hokuto feints a thrust towards the man's chest, and the man tries to deflect the attack by swinging his axe at it, but Hokuto pulls the spear back in one very quick motion and thrusts it again, fatally wounding the man. The man takes his last breath with surprise on his face and falls flat on the ground. Anyone watching the battle would say it was just downright pathetic how easily the man lost. Hokuto wipes the blood at the tip of his spear using the man's own shirt, then he turns towards the woman, who is still on the ground looking amazed. Hokuto stretches his hand for her, he doesn't have a smile, but his eyes show kindness. She takes his hand and gets pulled up while staring intensely at his eyes.
"Are you ok?" Hokuto speaks in a soft voice.
"Ah... than... thank you... thank you so much, that was... Reiken? Is that you?"
"Is she... Rosa?" Hokuto hears the voice of Reiken.
"It's Rosa, right? Are you ok?"
"Oh my, it really is you!" Rosa seems completely surprised. "You seem so different, very different, but I wouldn't forget your face. But... your eyes are blue. How's that possible?"
"It's... because of something that I used on them."
"Why are you here back at Destonea? Why did you save me?"
"Is there something wrong with me saving you?"
"No, I didn't mean it like that. It's just, I don't know, I have so many questions."
"Maybe we should go talk elsewhere then."
"Yes, of course, you're right. Please, come to my house, we should hurry out of here."
Without wasting more time, they try to cautiously move out of the small street, taking a different way out. Rosa leads the way for Hokuto to her house. Hokuto wants to ask Reiken a few questions about her, but he doesn't want to raise his voice in her presence.

***

The house of Rosa

Hokuto and Rosa safely arrive at her house. She tells him to get inside after opening the door. He enters and lays his spear next to the wall. It's a decent place considering standard living, you can live comfortably in this house. A middle-aged woman shows up after hearing them.
"Welcome back dear. Oh... who is the boy?"
"Mom! It's Reiken! He saved me from one of Roarch's men."
"Oh dear! Are you ok?"
"Yes mom, you can thank Reiken for that."
"Reiken?" The woman approaches the young warrior and stares at his face. "Oh my, Reiken! It's been years since you left this city. You look so different. What happened to the girl that you were always with?"
"Girl?" Hokuto suddenly recalls Reiken's dream. "She... passed away."
"Oh my," the woman seems to feel really bad about it, "that's terrible. You two were always so close together, and you had such a hard life, with the loss of your parents and all else. And now she passes away too? Such a pitiful life."
"It's alright, you don't need to worry about me."
"You seem to be a lot stronger. What happened?"
"It's a complicated story."
"Oh my, where are my manners. Please, let us sit by the table and have something to drink while we talk."
The  woman pushes Hokuto softly into the kitchen, and makes him sit by a small table, fit for four people. She sits down on a chair close to him. Rosa starts preparing some tea next to them.
"Thank you so much for helping Rosa. I'm constantly fearing for her safety with all these bandits walking around, she is so beautiful after all."
"Oh mom!" Rosa says feeling embarrassed.
"What? It's true. Did Rosa thank you properly, Reiken? Did she ask to repay you?"
"I don't need to be repaid, but I could use some information."
"Just information? What kind?"
"About what is going on in Destonea."
"Did you just arrive at our city? Then at least let us offer you some shelter. You need one, right?"
"Well, yes, that would be very helpful as well. But tell me, who is this Roarch that Rosa spoke of?"
"Roarch is a leader of a gang of bandits. He wasn't a very known man before, just the usual bandit, and he had some place he and his other thugs lived not too far from this city. But with this big war going on, they took the opportunity to attack Destonea and take over it, killing everyone that opposed them. There aren't many men around to protect us anymore, and now the bandits walk in groups, doing as they please, taking what they want," she pauses for a moment, showing some anger, "and to make matters worse, more people started joining his gang, out of fear, or just so they could do the things they do."
"I see."
"They violate the women, take whatever they want from others, and there's nothing anyone does about it."
"Sounds like a really bad situation."
"Yes, you've returned to Destonea at the worst possible time. What did you come here for?"
"I came to check things out, to help this city."
"Help the city?" Rosa stops just as she was about to serve Hokuto a cup of tea. "How?"
"I have friends that could help."
"Oh, that's great!"
They talk some more while drinking up tea, and after Hokuto is satisfied, he stands up.
"You're leaving?"
"Yes, I'm going to go gather more information about this Roarch and his thugs."
"Are you sure? It's dangerous out there," Rosa says.
"I'll be fine."
"If you're really going, then please come back after you're done, Reiken, no matter how late it is, and I'll fix up something delicious for you to eat," the woman says.
"Thank you ma'am, that would be great. For now, if you'll excuse me, I'll be leaving."
"Please be careful, we'll be waiting for your return."
"It's nice to see you again, Reiken," Rosa tells him in a shy manner.
Hokuto goes to the door, picks up his spear, and the two women see him out. Hokuto politely says goodbye and leaves. It's nighttime, but the moon is shining brightly. Hokuto starts talking to Reiken as he walks.
"So you knew them, huh?"
"Yes, I knew them since we were kids."
"We got lucky with their hospitality, it will save us some effort."
"You were very polite to them."
"I was taught to be very polite to others, after all I was the protector of an important noble. I had to know how to act properly around her Lady Bleaumenaux."
"So where are you going now?"
"Going to try gathering a little more information before we call it a night, just take a look around the city."

***

An unexpected encounter

Hokuto walks around silently through the city, trying not to stay out in the open. The big moon brightens the night. If during the day you could say that the city was very quite, during the night you can say that it is dead. There is no one around, and not a sound is being made. He starts hearing noise when he passes by a bar, there seem to be men shouting inside, probably bandits acting like they own the place. Hokuto decides not to come too close and continues to walk. He is hoping to find out something about how the bandits are operating the city. Do they patrol often, do they always walk around in numbers? After some time walking he finds a couple of men walking around, and decides to follow them. The men seem to be just patrolling while talking to each other. After a few minutes, the two men suddenly stop walking in the middle of a small street. Hokuto stops and tries to look in the same direction as them to find out why they stopped. There seem to be a vague silhouette of a man hiding in the shadows. The silhouette suddenly moves and a man emerges from the shadows rushing towards the two men on the street. The man is wearing a long hat and a cape, and is wielding a light fencing sword. He moves swiftly to attack the two men on the street, giving them very little time to react. The first one only lasts two seconds, he got his weapon deflected and got slashed in the throat. The second one puts up a fight for a little longer, but he couldn't match the skill of the fencer and is easily defeated. The fencer stops and stares at the bodies of the two men he just killed, then he looks around at his surroundings. He quickly spots Hokuto looking at him, and as soon as he does he rushes towards him, sword in hand. Hokuto quickly picks up his spear to make himself ready for an attack.
The fencer stops for a brief moment, then lunges at Hokuto covering the distance between them very quickly, greatly surprising Hokuto, but he has developed amazing reflexes and is able to parry the fencer's attack. The fencer handles a fencing sword in one hand while using the other to keep his balance, it's obvious to Hokuto that his style is all about speed, moving gracefully to attack the enemy while dodging at the same time. The fencer's skills are impressive, but Hokuto is better, he deflects his attacks with just as much speed, and with such force that it throws the fencer's attacks off. The fencer starts picking up more speed. The fight is becoming quite dangerous, if Hokuto loses his focus he could lose. Hokuto decides to try disarming the fencer, he'll need concentrate hard on his move, if he puts too much force and fails the fencer can use the momentum to stab him back, but Hokuto is confident in his skills. The fencer is caught by surprise at Hokuto's bold move, he definitely wasn't ready for an opponent with so much skill and knowledge, his sword falls from his hand and Hokuto points his spear towards him. He lifts his hands up in surrender.
"Wait! I wasn't planning on killing you!"
"Then why attack me?"
"I just wanted to stop you before you could think of running away and doing something inconvenient to me."
"Who are you? Why did you kill those men?"
The fencer takes a better glance at the young warrior in front of him. "You're the boy I saw this afternoon, aren't you? The one that was looking at me playing the flute."
"Answer my question."
"Look, this isn't the place to talk, we already spent too much time here and did too much noise, we need to leave. Come with me, you can take my sword with you if it makes you feel more comfortable."
Hokuto stops to think about what the man said for a moment and agrees, it's dangerous to stay here for any longer. "Alright." The man steps back and Hokuto picks up his sword, then they both rush away from there. Hokuto feels he can trust him.

***

A new possibility

Hokuto and the man walk silently through the city, avoiding other possible encounters. The man leads Hokuto to a certain place filled with poorly built small houses, which look abandoned. He opens the door to one of them and they both get inside. Hokuto quickly notices how dirty the place looks.
"This isn't my house by the way," the man says this as if he knew what Hokuto was thinking.
Hokuto figures that there must be a few vacant houses around the city because of the recent war. The man must have just borrowed this one for himself.
"What's your name?" Hokuto asks.
"It's Luigi. And yours?"
"... Reiken."
"Reiken... you really surprised me back there, I've never met someone as skilled as you are, for a moment there I was fearing for my life."
"You're impressively skilled as well, I haven't faced that many opponents with such speed."
Luigi gives him a subtle smile.
"So, are you going to answer my question? Why did you kill those two men?"
"You must realize those two were part of the bandit gang that took over this city, don't you?"
"I figured that, but what's your reason? Revenge? You don't look like the kind of guy who just wants to be a hero."
"I want to free this city from the bandits, I'm taking them out a few at a time."
"But what is your reason? What would you gain from doing so?"
"Why does it matter to you what my reason is? I'm fighting for a good cause, am I not?"
"How do you trust a man you can't understand?"
"Well I'm trusting you. I took you to my hideout."
"And why would you trust me? You don't know anything about me."
"I know enough. You're a warrior, you may look young but your skills tell me you're a veteran. You're not a bandit. You look focused and serious, like you also have a purpose. You didn't mock me for beating me and you're not trying to be threatening. You seem like a nice guy that I can trust, that is all."
Hokuto stays silent for a moment, and then he smiles. "Alright. Let's say I trust you as well. So, what are you planning?"
Luigi picks up a map he drew himself and lays it on a small table, then sits down on a chair and tells Hokuto to do the same. He starts explaining the information that he gathered and the current situation in the city. There are a lot of men working for Roarch, but many of them are citizens of Destonea that joined him after Roarch took over. He figures that if he took out some of the real bandits, the ones loyal to Roarch, there would be a shift of power and the people of Destonea would turn back against the bandits. Luigi planned to locate these bandits and slowly eliminate one or two at a time, until the bandits are unable to control the city any longer. Roarch is now living where the former lord of the city lived. It's a big house that would be hard to invade and should be well guarded. 
"If you help me free this city, we could aim higher at more targets, free this city more quickly."
"I still don't understand why you're doing this."
"Look, it's personal, it's nothing you should be concerned about. I don't work for anybody and I don't have any plans for Destonea, I'm leaving this city after it's freed."
"... Alright. I'm not pressing you in this question any longer, I'll trust you. It is in my interest to free this city from bandits as well. Here, I haven't given your sword back yet."
"Thank you." Luigi takes his fencing sword from Hokuto.
"I'll think about your proposal. For now, I should get back, it's extremely late."
"Ok, you might find me around the city during the day, or meet me here again at night."
"Goodnight."
"Bye."
Hokuto leaves the house and starts walking back to Rosa's.
"Do you believe in that Luigi guy?" Reiken asks.
"Believe him or not, the fact remains that he is killing the bandits, and he is willing to continue doing so. We can use this situation to our advantage, inconsequential of his reasons."
"What do you mean? You're not calling for help like that general guy told you to?"
"I'm thinking of a different possibility, a scenario where you, Reiken, are the savior of this city."
"What? You're doing this for me?"
"No, Reiken, not for you. The reputation you would get could be used to our advantage one day, or it may be just wasted effort, I don't know. The thing is, I just got a glimpse of this possibility and it's a unique opportunity."
"You would put yourself in danger like that because of this opportunity?"
"It's just bandits, Reiken. They have a crude way of fighting. I can take care of bandits, as long as it's not too many."
Reiken stays silent, he doesn't feel like he can talk back against Hokuto's ideas and intentions. He feels he is beneath whatever Hokuto can come up with, and just wants to see where this man will lead him. After a few minutes Hokuto arrives at Rosa's house and knocks softly on the door. It doesn't take long for it to be opened, the older woman greets him with a big smile. They must have been waiting for him to come back.
"Thank you, ma'am, I'm sorry for coming back this late."
"Oh please, don't mind that, it's not a problem. Come, make yourself at home, and go sit by the table, you should be very hungry, I prepared something nice, I'll just go finish it up and bring it to you," she then shouts facing the stairs, "Rosa, Reiken is back, come down and let's eat together."
Hokuto really was starving, but even so he eats the food politely slow. The woman keeps talking a lot during the meal, about many different things, and Rosa just says a few things now and then. Hokuto only replies to them when directly asked of something. Rosa's mother talks about how life is hard, how the old city lord was nearly just as detestable, and she constantly praises different qualities in her daughter, who just blushes every time at the commentaries. Hokuto realizes that the woman might be trying to fix him up to have a relationship with her daughter, but he isn't bothered by it. She also indirectly thanked Hokuto for saving Rosa a few too many times. For an old woman, she is strangely lively considering how late in the night it is.
"Don't you think you bothered Reiken enough, mother?" Rosa says this in her shy manner.
"Oh... I'm sorry if I bothered you with all my talking. Are you tired?"
"It's no bother, ma'am. I am a little tired though."
"Me and Rosa prepared a room for you to sleep while you were away. You will stay with us, right?"
"If it's not a bother, that would be helpful."
"It's no bother at all. Please, you can just feel at home here. Rosa will show you the room."
"Excuse me," Rosa gets up from her chair and waits for Hokuto to follow her.
"Thank you, ma'am, have a good night." Hokuto also gets up.
Rosa leads Hokuto to the room that was prepared, and leaves him be saying good night. Hokuto doesn't waste any time, he takes out his clothes and goes to sleep.

***

Hokuto dreams

A man with long blonde hair and crystal blue eyes is standing next to a young woman sitting in a big chair. They are in a large, tall room, with many decorations and big windows. In the middle there is a long table with ten men around it, five in each side, who seem to be discussing something with each other, but the blonde man isn't paying attention to these men, he is looking at the woman that should be overseeing this conversation, but instead is silent and just keeping her head down. Nobody else seem to be paying much attention to her. Hokuto is just gazing at the woman while looking worried. The scene changes. The beautiful woman and the man are in a different room now, she has her back to him and talks with a sad, weak tone. She looks so frail.
"They do not respect me at all. I'm trying to do what's best for our people, but they don't seem to listen to me at all, they just do what they please."
"My lady, I think your decisions are very just, you need to have more confidence on yourself."
"I'm trying to be like my father, but I'll never be as strong as he was. I don't know what to do."
"My lady, your father was a great man, he cared for you and taught you a lot. You are his daughter, I'm sure you have his strength inside you. Believe in yourself."
She turns around to face the blonde man and calls out his name in her weak soft tone, "Hokuto". She walks towards him for a hug, Hokuto envelops her in his arms, giving her a good feeling of safety. The scene changes. They are both walking the streets of some city, Hokuto is by her side, there are more soldiers around them, and a crowd is watching them pass by. Suddenly Hokuto notices an arrow flying in the air, very quickly descending in the woman's direction. His reflex is enough to just step in the arrow's direction, in front of her. He takes the arrow in his chest, and falls on the ground. Before his conscience completely fades, he looks up a last time, at the face of the woman he protected, looking at him with desperation, tears pouring down her eyes, repeatedly shouting for Hokuto's name. Next to her he also sees Reiken staring down at him. Then Hokuto wakes up, opening his eyes slowly, feeling empty and sad. But he doesn't dwell on this feeling.
"So you died?" The voice of Reiken speaks to him.
"Yes," he says as if it doesn't bother him.
"Someone tried to assassinate that woman?"
"Yes."
"Why?"
"My Lady Bleaumenaux has great compassion for her people, she tried making the decisions that would lead Slatina to a better future, but there were many ambitious men among her close advisors. She was too soft, too caring. They didn't care about most of her orders and just did as they pleased, she should have been more harsh, punished them, but she didn't. The attempt at her life may have come from the very people she was trying to look after, thinking her death could solve something," Hokuto pauses for a couple of seconds, "and I also failed her. I should have given her the support she needed, but I didn't want to say she was wrong, instead I just kept encouraging her with flimsy words, I was pathetic. Her father trusted me to protect her, and support her in every way she needed, and I failed. Things were changed after I returned from the dead, so I decided to take a different path, a different purpose."
It's earlier than was intended, but Hokuto gets up from the bed. Reiken doesn't want to press him with more questions, so he keeps silent. Hokuto wants to do a lot of preparing before he meets Luigi again in this day.

***

A battle too great

Hokuto and Luigi have spent the day making preparations. Later on that night, they meet at the house that Luigi is occupying.
"So you've come!" Luigi smiles.
"I couldn't find you around the city today."
"Yeah, I've spent the day spying on a place that they seem to be using for meetings."
"How did it go?"
"There is often people coming and going there. It is an old place for battle-training, with big stone walls surrounding it. It's impenetrable without uncommon methods. It makes sense that they would use that place as a headquarters. From my count, there should be at least ten people inside. It should be dangerous, but like I said before, with you and me we can aim higher. We just need to be really careful."
"If it's ten, and we are careful, I don't think it should be a problem."
"I can draw what to expect from that place, judging from its outer appearance."
"Alright."
"So, you agree on going there?"
"Yes, we can try."
"I like your attitude," Luigi smiles.
"How do we get inside?"
"Well, the only way is through the front door, and from what I've seen there is always someone to open it from the inside, so, I think we'll just have to figure it when we get there."
"Alright."
They decide to go to the place late in the night, so while they wait for time to pass, they go over the details of the plan, as well as some combat tactics. Luigi draws in a paper what he imagines the place must be like in the inside, and they make some plans based on it. The idea is to just get in quietly, kill the ones they find, and get out. As the time to leave approaches they change their clothes into something that should better conceal them in the darkness. Midnight arrives, and they depart. The city is quiet, but the great moon and the starry sky is keeping the night pretty lit. They both arrive at the training place and stand to watch for a while. They see a man showing up, he just knocks normally at the door without saying anything and someone opens it from the inside. They find it odd, but decide to just do the same. They knock on the door, and to their surprise someone starts to open it without asking them anything. They quickly hide behind the wall.
"Hey, you're very late if..."
The man stops mid-sentence when he noticed no one was in sight, Hokuto comes out from behind the wall and quickly pierces the man in the heart. 
"This is strange, are they having a meeting?" Hokuto talks in whispers.
"I don't know, you want to leave?"
"... Let's just take a look."
They enter a corridor that seems to curve up in the shape of a circle. The place from the outside has big stone walls and is shaped like a square, if the corridor is shaped like a circle, then the training ground must be in the middle, and there must be four rooms at the corners. They can either go left or right, and they don't see any entrance to the middle yet, so it must be further ahead.
"You think many of them gathered here while I was away?" Luigi whispers to Hokuto.
"Seems likely. We can go further in and see for ourselves, we just need to make sure we can run out if we have to. But if we only find a few more than what we are expecting, their numbers won't help them much if we stick to these corridors."
"Ok."
They slowly move further in the corridor taking the way to the left. As expected, they see a door on their left that leads to a triangle-shaped room. It must be one of four rooms at the corners of this square-shaped structure. There is no noise coming from inside the room, they check it, there is no one there. They proceed further in the corridor, and they start to hear noise of people talking, they also see a couple of bandits with their backs at them just standing still. Hokuto nods to Luigi as if to tell him of his intentions, and they move silently towards the bandits. They stab both of them at the same time, taking both out before they could make a sound, then continue to move forward. The sound of people talking is getting louder, so they decide to move very carefully now. They reach the entrance leading to the middle of this building, and by now they can clearly tell from the sound that the bandits must be having a meeting of some kind in there. They just carefully peek with their heads through the entrance to the middle, which has no door. There must be at least forty men inside, and one of them is giving a speech, possibly Roarch. They both think the same thing, it's best to leave this place immediately.
"Let's leave," Hokuto whispers, "if someone comes from behind us we could be in trouble."
Luigi nods and they turn to leave, but it's already too late. They hear the sound of people in the corridor coming through the way they did. "INTRUDERS!" Someone shouts, they must have found the two men they killed. The people in the big room in the middle turn silent.
"Run!" Hokuto tugs on Luigi.
They start running back to the entrance and encounter the men they just heard. Three men are blocking their path. Hokuto and Luigi can't waste any time, they engage them without stopping, but these men aren't taken by surprise, they manage to defend themselves for five seconds, considering the difference in their skills. More men are coming from behind, not too far from them now. Hokuto and Luigi sprint towards the entrance and just as they are getting near it, two other men running from the other side of the corridor are getting there first. Hokuto charges at them, ducks an horizontal swing and tackles the man in front with his elbow, throwing him back against the other one. Hokuto and Luigi run outside with seconds to spare.

***

Pursuit

Hokuto and Luigi run very fast, they leave the building and turn a corner into a small street shadowed by many houses, but they are starting to run out of breath.
"Pick a house and let's try to hide in it, fast," Hokuto says.
"How about that one?" Luigi points towards a two story house with rundown looks and broken windows.
"Should do."
Hokuto runs towards the house and opens the door with a strong kick. They take a glance outside after entering it and see the bandits just arriving at the street, they must have not seen them entering this house. They close the broken door and put something in front of it to block the entrance. They start talking while they take some time to catch their breath.
"What now? We can't stay here, they will find us in just a moment. We need another exit from this house, and then we can try fleeing from the city," says Luigi.
"Let's find this other exit, but we don't have to flee."
"What? Why run the risk, Reiken? Is it worth risking your life?"
"I'm sorry, you must be scared with this situation, right? I understand if you want to run."
"What? Don't you... do you even have a plan?"
"Let's look for another exit here first, they'll find us soon. But for now the plan is to wait here hiding and take out some of them. Then we'll run off again when we have to, use the night to our advantage, keep running and luring them, taking out few by few as they come at us."
"You're not really thinking this through, are you? Even if we were capable of killing so many bandits, and I'm not saying that we are, those men that we found in the training place aren't the only enemies we'll have to fight, they should be calling for more right now. We'll tire ourselves to death for sure."
"If they get the others involved, it might work to our advantage, if they witness what we are doing, we might be able to persuade them to switch sides."
"You're reckless, this plan is completely reckless."
"Well, if everything fails, let's just make sure to not get ourselves cornered anywhere, and we'll run away, until we are safe."
"You must be too confident on your skills, Reiken. You better not screw it up because I don't plan on dying here."
"Me neither."
"Then let's hurry up and search for this exit."
Luigi does a quick search in the house while Hokuto keeps watch on the street by the window. Luigi finds a window upstairs that they can use to jump off to the roof of the next house. He tells that to Hokuto and they get ready, hiding themselves. In an unlit house, wearing dark clothes, they should be really hard to be seen. They hear the bandits outside approaching. Someone is trying to open the door and are briefly stopped by the thing blocking it, but they break it open quickly afterwards.
"I know you two are there, just come out and give up."
Five men enter the room, the man who spoke is in the middle of them. Hokuto and Luigi jump suddenly out from their hiding spots and attack, very quickly taking out two of them. More men are coming inside, many of them are being defeated, the only one holding off the attacks is the man who was in the middle, noticeably more skilled than the others. They trash the whole place while they fight, using everything in their surroundings as part of the battle. Luigi gets to the more skilled man and attacks him with a flurry of of strikes, making the man lose his balance, but just as he was about to hit him a big man appears and blocks Luigi's thrust.
"Damn it," Luigi clicks his tongue.
"Stay beside me, Carlos."
"Thanks big man."
"This is getting complicated, time to run," Hokuto says.
Hokuto quickly defeats the man in front of him and throws a ceramic object at the man Luigi was fighting, then he and Luigi immediately turn their backs and run upstairs.
"Bastards, come back." Carlos shouts at them and chases.
"Wait, Carlos," the big man follows after him.
Hokuto and Luigi jump off from the window upstairs to the house next to it. Carlos who was just behind them, does the same.
"Carlos, what are you doing? Are you crazy?"
Hokuto and Luigi grin at the mistake Carlos did, and they both quickly attack him together. Carlos is easily killed, he barely had time to think about the mistake he did by jumping alone after them like that.
"Damn you. You're not getting away with this."
"Andre, don't go," a man shouts from the street, "we'll burn the house if we need to, don't take chances."
"Guess we take off then," Hokuto says this to Luigi.
They quickly climb down the roof of the house to the other side of the street. There are another five bandits already on this side that rush to attack Hokuto and Luigi. Five is a difficult number to deal with, even though individually they don't have half the skill that either of them have. Hokuto and Luigi have to fight to the best of their ability to be able to defeat them. They manage to win before more arrive, but they are getting tired. They run off towards the darkest looking spot to temporarily hide. They turn to another small dark street, going out of sight from the bandits for a moment, and they notice a woman who just opened the door to her house to see what is happening. They rush towards it and before the woman could act, they enter the house forcing her in with them, closing the door behind them. The woman tries to scream but Hokuto has his hand on her mouth. The place is lit by a lantern on the wall, Luigi goes to it and puts it out, it's only bright enough to be able see each other's figures, made out by the light of the moon outside.
"Calm down ma'am, we are not going to harm you. We are fighting against Roarch and his gang, please stay calm."
The woman stops trying to scream but is still pretty nervous, breathing heavily. He keeps his hand on her mouth until she relaxes a little, and then he lets go of it.
"How dare you enter my house like that, you're going to get me killed for this."
"We are not going to let you get killed, stay calm."
"Yeah, Hokuto, what were you thinking? They'll notice that we disappeared around here and they'll start looking for us. And you heard what that guy said before about what they could do."
"Let's just stay put for now, we can analyze the situation and think of something."
Luigi sighs.
"You two are crazy. Get out of my house this instant."
"Ma'am, relax please," Luigi tells her.
"No, I don't want this, you two have to leave right now, I don't want to get involved in anything..."
As the woman is speaking, Hokuto hits her hard in the temple with his right fist, knocking her out.
"What's wrong with you?"
"Luigi, keep your voice down, they should be coming this way."
Hokuto goes to a window to watch the outside, there are a lot of men running in the street, some stop and look around, some keep running. He continues to look at them for a while.
"They are just standing there," Hokuto says.
"Maybe they'll wait until they gather more before they make a move."
"Let's charge them."
"What?"
"There is only four of them outside right now."
"Cool, and then what?"
"I have a plan that could work. There's something that I have been doing during this whole day, that wasn't really meant for this, but maybe it could work."
"Plan? What plan?
"I was spreading rumors that this city would soon be liberated from the bandits. That there are people that are going to fight the bandits and liberate the city from them. I even paid a lot kids to help spread that rumor to as many people as they could."
"I can imagine this has something to do with the reason that you're fighting, but what about it? How does it help us?"
"We'll raise a commotion, we'll shout that the city is being liberated, calling everyone to the streets."
"Hum... if we do manage to gather enough people to come to the streets, it might work to our advantage, even if it's only to use the commotion to run away. It might not work at all though. But don't you think it's too soon for this to work? How many do you think could have heard of it?"
"Yeah, that's the problem. It might be too soon, but maybe, it might be enough."
"This is very risky."
"We have a nice body count on our hands already, if we manage to take out more bandits while the people watch, they might believe the bandits are losing and start helping."
"Maybe."
"Don't kill the four men outside too quickly, let's just take out two and dance with the others for a while, parade them around, before more join, we take more out so the number of enemies is something we can handle. We'll just keep at it until we get enough attention. It should be very hard. Are you up for it?"
Luigi stares at Hokuto while he thinks "I don't understand the deal with you. You look so young, but so confident, like a leader. I've never met anyone like you." Luigi thinks some more. "Why not? Let's do this."
Hokuto removes the cloth that was concealing his head and smiles at Luigi. He quickly understands why Hokuto did this and does the same. Hokuto salutes him by putting his left arm to his chest, something people do when they want to honor someone else, then he goes to the door, puts his hand on the knob, pauses for a couple of seconds, and opens it.

***

Time to turn this chase around

"LIBERATION!"
Hokuto and Luigi come out of the house shouting, charging towards the four bandits on the street. They try to take out two of them as fast as they can, then they feint being tired or clumsy against the remaining two. They make an effort to extend the fight by holding themselves back a little, but it's no easy task, it requires constant focus and the longer they keep it up, the more tired they become. While they fight they keep moving to other places, making noise and shouting, trying to call for more attention. Before more enemies can show up, they kill their opponents so their numbers remain something they can handle. Just as Hokuto planned, many citizens are starting to gather to watch them fight the bandits. Hokuto spots the big man from before, wielding an axe, coming towards them from a distance.
"Let's finish all these guys fast. That big guy is coming our way, be prepared," Hokuto tells Luigi.
They defeat the enemies they are fighting as quickly as they can, then face the big man, who is accompanied by another three bandits.
"So you revealed your faces now?" The man says. "Good, I like seeing the face of my opponents contorting in pain."
Hokuto and Luigi doesn't answer him anything, they just take their stance. The big man is a tough opponent. They are feeling pretty tired, making them unable to fight at their best potential, and once again Hokuto and Luigi are fighting the number of two against four, but this time it's even harder with this big man among them, it has become very hard to take down anyone, the axe-wielding man is making up for the flaws of his fellows. Hokuto and Luigi try to take down the easy ones first, exploiting their openings with great speed. When they finally manage to strike down two of them, the battle becomes a lot easier.
"It's really impressive how much of a fight you're putting, but it's over. I can see you two can barely stand now, soon more will come and it will be the end for you." 
But this doesn't demoralize Hokuto, he picks up more speed and takes down another bandit, leaving only the big man left.
"Come at me, give it your best shot." Even alone the big man isn't perturbed by the situation.
He fights fiercely, he starts swinging his axe around him very fast picking up more speed, something he couldn't do before with his comrades near him. Hokuto and Luigi are so tired that it took their combined effort to find an opening to take him down, even though he was alone. They spot more bandits approaching them with a huge pack of men. There are a lot people watching them now, and Hokuto believes that many of the men among the bandits, aren't really bandits, but people from the city that joined them. This is the moment where they will see if Hokuto's plan will succeed, and if it doesn't, they might not be able to run away. When the men get close, one of them decides to exchange a few words with Hokuto and Luigi, seeing as they aren't running away.
"Stupid idiots. You killed many of my comrades in just one night, for what? Now you throw down your lives for nothing. I hope you're ready to face your deaths."
"That's right, we killed a lot of men from your pitiful gang of thugs. That's all you are, a small gang of pitiful thugs. You don't have enough men to control this city."
The bandit who spoke quickly realizes what Hokuto is implying. He hadn't thought about this situation, he notices that among his comrades, there are also many men who aren't exactly trustful. He decides to give them some encouraging to avoid this situation turning bad.
"The man who manages to defeat one of these two, will be greatly rewarded. We'll pay a lot of money and give especial privileges."
"You're all welcome to try, but I guarantee it won't be easy," Hokuto then raises his voice for everyone around to hear, "or you can join me, and today, this city will be freed, and we'll establish a new order, one where the people are protected, no longer scared of going out on the streets, scared of what might happen each day. We can change this... TODAY!"
Some people watching start shouting in high spirits, and that feeling spreads to the others around. The men who joined the bandits after they conquered the city start looking at each other thinking about the situation. The bandits are starting to look nervous.
"Fools, kill them, kill them both now, or else you will pay a price worse than death," the bandit screams at them.
"Courage, men! LIBERATION!" Hokuto says as loudly as he can, raising his spear above his head.
"LIBERATION!" One single man gets impatient and points his weapon towards the bandit next to him.
They start fighting among themselves, and Hokuto and Luigi join in. It becomes a large scale battle with many men screaming and shouting, and many people around are watching and cheering. Some of the bandits manage to defend themselves and kill a few of their opponents, then they run off towards the manor of the city. Everyone else stays there fighting the bandits that remained, and when they are all defeated, they shout together in victory.
"Come with me people of Destonea, we will walk together and kill Roarch along with what's left of his pitiful gang of thugs."
The people are shouting in joy. They all walk together towards the manor. Many people are shouting "freedom", "peace", and other similar encouraging words. Some are stopping to knock on the doors of the houses along the way to call for more people to join them. It quickly becomes something like a joyful mob. The night is ending, the sky is starting to brighten. They arrive at the manor's gates, break it open and run towards the building, with Hokuto and Luigi in the front. They ram the front door open and burst inside fighting many bandits in the hallways. Hokuto and Luigi cut through the bandits, rushing to their destination. There aren't as many as they thought there would be, maybe most of the bandits ran away from the city, and only the most loyal and brave stayed. They reach a big room where Roarch and the bandit from before are. Hokuto and Luigi slowly approach them, the rest of the people stay behind.
"There are only two of you left? I expected more." Hokuto says.
"Why? Why risk your lives for this city? Who are you?" Roarch asks.
"My name is Reiken, and let's say I do this for justice."
"Justice? HA HA HA HA HA..." Roarch and Tifon both laugh hysterically. "I barely changed anything in this city, we only relieved the former lord of his duties and took over. This city has always been rotten to its core. You want to talk about justice with me? You have no idea what kind of life we had to go through. Treated like garbage and being constantly exploited, while these damn nobles lead their privileged lives. So yeah, we stole, robbed and killed."
"And raped?" Luigi says.
"Well so maybe some of us went a little too far, I never really agreed with unnecessary violence, but who am I to tell them how to live their lives. No... we deserved this, we finally got to feel what's like to live with privileges, doing whatever we wanted to, and answering to no one for it, just like those damn nobles. THIS, is justice."
"The world isn't a fair place, if you want something, you have to take it from someone else. It's just how things are." Tifon adds up some words.
"Sorry, but I'm getting bored of your talking, can we fight now?" Hokuto mocks them.
"You idiot," Roarch sounds angry, "you stupid idiot. Fine, kid, let's fight. You'll wish you never tried."
Roarch is as skilled as he implied, Hokuto and Luigi have a tough fight. Roarch fights with an axe, skilfully wielding it with speed and precision. The four of them fight together for some time, but it ends up breaking up to two different one on one battles. It becomes quite even, and for some time, none of them can tell who will win. Roarch is deflecting all of Hokuto's thrusts, and he actually manages to make Hokuto step away to protect himself, but with Hokuto's amazing speed, Roarch is never able to get in close enough to really hit him. Hokuto is adaptive, he was raised to become a great warrior, he pays attention to his opponents and adapts his style to exploit their openings. Luigi and the other bandit are both great swordsmen, they duel with each other for quite awhile. In the end, both Hokuto and Luigi are victorious. Luigi kills his opponent, and Roarch is gravely wounded, dropping his axe and falling to his knees.
"So this is how it ends," Roarch closes his eyes. "Go on, I don't regret anything, I lived as I could, trying to make the best of it."
"Maybe you don't have to kill him, Reiken. He doesn't have any more allies, and the city is freed."
"It's not up to us if he lives, his death will mean something to the people, it is a symbol of their definite release from the bandits. If it helps you, Roarch, I vow that this city will be changed, into a place that everyone can live in peace and comfort."
"Ha ha ha ha! Whatever you say."
Roarch laughs and lifts up his head up to Hokuto, who is staring at him with a serious face, about to pierce him. Hokuto's eyes almost look merciless, but Roarch detects a glint of pity in them as well. Hokuto pierces him in the heart, then goes back to the hallway. There are a lot of people waiting there, they look at Hokuto with expectation.
"Roarch is dead."
The men yell in joy, some enter the hall to collect Roarch's body, and some go back spreading the news to the city.
"Well, I'm going to get some sleep, I'm dead tired, it's been a very rough night," Luigi says looking like he doesn't care about anything that is happening now.
"Thank you for all you did, Luigi. We make a great team."
"Yeah. I should thank you as well. I still don't know what your intentions are, or your motivations, I just hope that what you said back there weren't just words."
Luigi leaves silently.
"Was it really necessary to kill Roarch?" Reiken speaks to Hokuto.
"Has that man's words gotten into you, Reiken? You're a good hearted person, Reiken, and Roarch did have a point that even I can sympathize with, but there can be many different point of views to one same situation. And his point of view was in conflict with ours. I learned with time that being soft doesn't accomplish things. Some things are necessary to do if we want change to come. I advise you to reflect on this."
And so Reiken does, but the night is long over, and Hokuto is dead tired. The people salute and applause him as he leaves the room. Hokuto smiles and waves, but he doesn't pay too much attention to them. He goes straight to Rosa's house, looking forward to getting some sleep. When he arrives Hokuto briefly explains the situation, and Rosa and her mother let him rest without disturbing him with too many questions.

***

The city is taken

Hokuto sleeps deeply. Only in the next day he sends a message to Albert telling about what happened to Destonea. In his stay at Rosa's house, her mother continues to talk and talk about many things, often complimenting Reiken, and making an effort to make a good impression of her daughter. Hokuto decides to occupy the manor for the remaining days while he waits for the Liberation Army to come.
Four days later, part of the Liberation Army comes to Destonea. The people watch feeling astonished at the horned men and women walking by the city. They go to the manor and start sorting and planning things for the city. Meanwhile, some missionaries try to teach the people of Destonea about the Goddess and her teachings, creating gatherings. Hokuto saw Luigi around the city a few times, still playing his flute, watching as the city was changing, but after awhile Luigi isn't seen anymore, he disappeared without saying a word. More horned soldiers and missionaries from the Liberation Army are coming to Destonea as time passes. The soldiers assigned to Hokuto join him at the city, and they start spending time together training at the building used for battle-training everyday. They make an effort to not make Hokuto seem too attached to the Liberation Army, but some rumors are starting to appear. The city is slowly changing, a few citizens of Destonea have already devoted to the Goddess. The place is getting busier, very different from the sad and quiet place it was when Hokuto had arrived. This all happens in only three weeks, and the time comes for the Liberation Army to fight their final battle against their main target, Duke Romero Royan. They have a meeting at the manor to discuss a few details, and the place where the whole Liberation Army will meet. After the meeting is over and Hokuto leaves, Reiken starts talking to him.
"So... soon the duke of Dorohoi will fall."
"Yes, and we'll be there to watch it happen."
"Something I'll watch with joy. This place has brought me only pain and misery."
"The Slatina territory wasn't doing so good either, but even there we heard stories of how terrible Dorohoi was. Duke Romero Royan, he is known as a very selfish leader."
"Most people here have a really hard life, being constantly exploited and looked down at, without any authorities standing up for the ones that need help. Meanwhile, the nobles live prosperous lives."
"Slatina was the same in this regard, the nobility was always considered superior people, and the common folk was just cattle. I think this must be common in all our nation, and one of the main reasons for the chaos we see. Which is why the teachings of the Goddess can change everything. People are taught to have compassion, that everyone should be treated as equals. Under that belief, the people are able to band together for common goals. In death, there exist no privileges, everyone is judged equally."
"Hum," Reiken is still unsure what to think about this religion thing.

***

War!

Very early in the next day, before the sun rises, Hokuto departs alongside all the men and women of the Liberation Army that were staying in Destonea, journeying to a place where they are to meet with the rest of the army. The moon is losing its shine as the morning approaches. Hokuto and the others arrive at the Liberation Army camp after a four hour travel time. There they find all the others getting themselves ready for the next great battle, almost five hundred people, all with horns on their heads. Most are ready and standing in position to start the march, while some others are still preparing, packing their tents and provisions, putting on their armor. There is one big tent that isn't being packed yet, a tent where General Albert and the captains of the Liberation army are having a meeting. Hokuto goes to the tent by himself, while the others that have been with him are going to their assigned units. When Hokuto enters the tent, he notices that the people there have just finished the meeting. General Albert turns to Hokuto, looking glad that he finally showed up. He orders everyone else to leave, in order to talk to Hokuto alone.
"What's the matter?" Hokuto asks.
"We are already done with our planning. Hokuto, you may not like this, but I have a special assignment for you."
"What is it?"
"First, let me briefly explain our situation. Duke Romero wants to hold us off by staying inside a fort-city called Rom. It has big stone walls surrounding the whole city, and it's safe to assume he may have some specialized archers there."
"Archers? He has archers working for him?"
"He definitely must have some. Many of our soldiers will be trying to simultaneously climb the wall with stairs we built for this, while others will be trying to break the front entrance open. The safest way to defeating him is getting that entrance open, if we get inside from there, the rest should be quick and easy."
"But we should lose a lot of people trying to breach their defenses."
"We prepared big shields for the units in front to be able to take on the arrow volleys, and it just so happens that the sun will be on our favor, that's why we wanted everyone to gather here so early. Still, we believe that Duke Romero must have an army of at least two hundred people left, and though we have the advantage of having more than double his numbers, he will definitely put everything he got into preventing us from getting inside, and that's where you come in."
"What do you want me to do?"
"While we fight, I want you to infiltrate the city by climbing the wall from the side, away from us, and either open the door from the inside or capture Duke Romero. During the battle, you should be able to get past them somewhat unnoticed, and they also won't readily suspect you're the enemy since everyone else in the army has horns."
"Why are you telling me just now?"
"We actually devised this plan quite recently, a contingency plan to try avoiding too many casualties."
"How am I going to climb the wall?"
"We have already prepared for that. You'll be getting the help of some people that will infiltrate the city with you."
"What people?" Hokuto looks troubled.
"They are from Slatina as well, even though they don't have horns."
"No horns? That's rare."
"They are... special. But rest assured that they can be trusted, they'll be helping you there. It should be dangerous, but there are no better people for this task besides you and them. But like I said, it's only a contingency plan, even if you're unable to accomplish this, we will still win this battle. So, will you do it?"
"... Ok, I'll do it. Let's make it a race to see who wins this war first. Me, or the army."
"Ha ha ha ha! That's the Hokuto I know well, I was having a hard time treating you seriously with this new young look you have."
"Reiken is being very compliant with not getting in the way of me controlling his body, but he is still here, you shouldn't treat me like he doesn't exist."
"Reiken, huh? So that's his name."
"Yes."
"Well, thank Reiken for me too, then. We should get fully ready now, the sun is about to rise, we need to commence our attack. You go on ahead to the woods to the left of Rom, you'll meet the people I talked to you about there. Don't put the rest of your armor now, you won't need it. And may the Goddess be with you, my friend."
"You too, take care."
Hokuto leaves the tent and heads off into the woods he was told about without delay and without stopping to meet anyone else. It's true that Hokuto cares about Reiken, and wants to protect him and this body, but more so, he likes being able to try doing extraordinary things, he puts the mission above his life, because Hokuto knows that even if he is defeated, his soul will still be held inside the bracelet, and as long as it is retrieved, he can continue his mission in another body later. That's why he tried to conquer a city from bandits with only him and Luigi. Arriving at the woods, he sees three men he never met before approaching him.
"Hokuto?"
"Yes."
"You're wearing the emblem of the Liberation Army, you should take it off now."
"Oh, right," Hokuto starts to untie the cloth on his arm. "I assume you three are the men that will infiltrate the city with me?"
"That's right."
"So how are we going to climb the wall without being noticed?"
"You don't need to worry about it, that's already done. We already have someone inside the city, he'll just throw us a rope."
"Wow, easier than I thought."
"Getting him inside there wasn't as easy, though."
"I can imagine."
"We only have to wait for the war to start, then we can do our part. The man inside should also have some information to us on how to proceed."
"Alright."
Hokuto and the three men just wait together hidden in the woods until the right moment comes. After only thirty minutes, the sound of people yelling in the distance can be heard. The time comes for them to make their move, just when the sun is about to get high enough to shine directly into the enemy's eyes, the moment when the Liberation Army will also try to rush the entrance with everything they got. After waiting just a little, Hokuto and the other three run towards the wall. When they reach it, a rope is thrown for them to climb, just like planned. They quickly climb the wall, and Hokuto notices that the other three are incredibly skilled at it, much faster than he is, they must have had a lot of practice in doing it. After they finish climbing, the man that threw the rope retrieves it, then they all go down some stairs going into the city and find a place to hide and plan their next move.
"I have good news and bad news," the man who has been infiltrated starts saying. "The bad news is that I don't think we can do something about opening the entrance to the fort, I was hoping to take that option."
"What's the good news?" Another man says.
"Duke Romero isn't among his army, he is staying at a big house in the middle of the city."
"So we try to capture him?" Hokuto asks.
"That's what I'm suggesting, then we can use him to force them to surrender. But we'll be taking a big risk here, he put nearly all his soldiers defending the walls, but he still has many people guarding him at the house. Probably his most trusted guards. But I'm certain that if he is captured, his army will surrender."
"Capturing the duke, huh? That sounds... compelling." Hokuto says.
"Compelling?" Another man says. "That's pretty bold."
"How many guards do you expect us to find at the house?"
"At least twenty five, or thirty," the man with the information continues.
"Spread around the house?"
"Some, but I assume most will probably be directly guarding him."
"Hum, them we'll need to draw them out, or try to fight them in a confined space."
"I don't know how the house looks from the inside."
"Well, we'll just have to go there and figure out what to do. The longer we take, the more people will die."
The four men look at each other for a moment and then nod to Hokuto. They all start heading towards the house, blending in the crowd to not call for attention, but also avoiding any close contacts. The city is in turmoil, there are a few soldiers running around but most are gathered at the walls, and most civilians are staying at their homes. They manage to reach the house without having to fight anyone. It's a big house surrounded by stone walls, the entrance is closed and there are four men guarding it.
"Humph. Only a coward would be away at his home while his army fights for him elsewhere," Hokuto says with repulsion. "So how are we going to do this?"
"We should avoid every confrontation that we can. We'll jump over the wall at someplace else and sneak in trying not to be seen."
"Alright, let's go," another man says.
Hokuto decides to trust their lead and follow. They circle around the house walls until they find a place that seem the most unguarded. Two of the men go to the wall and position themselves by it, another man runs towards them and jumps being boosted higher up by the first two, being able to cling to the wall. He takes a look at the inside, then he makes a signal to everyone and pulls himself up, jumping to the other side. Hokuto is impressed once again, these men didn't even have to say a thing to each other, like they all already know what to do. They signal for Hokuto to do the same, and he just copies what the first man did, jumping to the other side with the help of the others. Everyone makes the least possible noise. Soon another man jumps the wall as well, and he throws the rope he was carrying for the remaining two to climb. The five of them are now together in the yard.
They walk quickly with their heads down trying not to make any noise. They reach the house and peek inside a window, the men with Hokuto work together being on the lookout for enemies in every direction. They look for an entrance and find a small back door in a short time. It is locked, but one of the men with Hokuto goes to it and starts lock-picking it. He manages to unlock the door in about thirty seconds, then he opens it slowly, peeking inside with one eye. After taking a quick glance, he opens it further and goes in. Everybody else follows. They can hear a faint sound of people talking and stepping on the floor above them, they assume it must be where Duke Romero is. They continue to walk slowly and soon find some guards walking around the house. They start making signs to each other that Hokuto doesn't understand, then they signal something that he can, for him to wait with one of them. The others split in other directions, they all hide in certain places, waiting for the guards to pass by them. Hokuto stays in a position where he manages to see one of the guards being attacked from behind by one of his companions. He killed the guard in one quick, silent move, holding the guard's mouth with one hand and slashing his throat with the other. Hokuto had already figured this, but this just confirms it, he is working together with trained assassins, he doesn't know how these men came to work with the Liberation Army, but he doesn't have the time to think about it now.
The assassins manage to kill four men on the first floor without them being discovered, then they all get together and proceed to the stairs. Hokuto is feeling useless so far, but he knows his turn in this is just about to come. After climbing to the second floor, they see a pair of soldiers guarding a big door in the corridor. One of the assassins with Hokuto signals everyone to rush towards the two to quickly take them out. They charge at the guards at the same time, Hokuto goes in front this time, and when the guards notice them they try to quickly open the door and get inside, but all they manage to do in time is open the door and get struck in the back. Hokuto and the other four enter the room and find Duke Romero in the back, with another eight guards inside the room. They close the door behind them and start to slowly head towards their opponents, Hokuto is taking the lead this time.
"Who are you?" Duke Romero Royan asks.
"Surrender, duke. There is no way you can win this war," Hokuto says.
"You pathetic fools are with those horned freaks? Has the wall already been breached?"
"It can't be that, sir, they must be assassins working for them."
"Assassins? Those self-righteous freaks have employed assassins? Ha... hypocrites. Well? Kill them!"
The room they are is quite big, big enough that the eight guards can manage to fight side by side, though not to the best of their skills. The number is quite intimidating, and Hokuto just stands ready, slightly in the front of the other four, preparing to deflect attacks from any direction. But before the enemies approach, daggers are suddenly flying towards them, coming from behind him. The unexpected ranged attack manage to take out two enemy guards before they could notice it. Ten daggers are thrown in total, but the other guards are able to defend themselves, with only two of them being injured in the arm. Fighting front to front isn't the assassins best strength, they resort to whatever methods they can to not have to confront the enemy directly. Even Hokuto was surprised by this attack, but he wastes no time to take action after it, and the assassins rush forward to fight beside him. It turned into a six versus five battle. In Hokuto's side, there's Hokuto with his amazing skills and four skilled men that fight with unpredictable techniques. In the enemy's side, they may be already down to six guards, with two of them being injured in the arm, but they are the best guards that Duke Romero has at his disposal, being very skilled veteran warriors. The result is a very hard battle for Hokuto. Everyone fights fiercely, without a moment to rest, and it seemed like this battle could last a long time, but Hokuto and the assassins exploit every weakness the enemy shows, and after they take another guard down, the fight starts to quickly escalate in Hokuto's favor. When only two enemy guards are left, they quickly step back and stop fighting, knowing that they can't win.
"Surrender," Hokuto demands.
The two guards drop their weapons without thinking it over. The four assassins go to them to keep them from moving.
"What are you two doing? Defend me!"
"It's over, duke." Hokuto walk towards Duke Romero with his spear pointed at him.
"What are you planning to do, kill me? A duke of the Royan family? Are you mad?"
"Sorry, but to us, you're just a man. A bad man."
"This is ridiculous! What do you think the other dukes will do to the Slatina territory for having waged this pointless war against me?"
"Whatever happens, we'll still know we did the right thing."
"The right thing? Don't make me laugh. You people are pathetic, you horned freaks are going to..."
Before Duke Romero could complete his sentence, Hokuto punches him in the stomach, making him drop to his knees. Hokuto points his spear towards his chest to threaten him.
"Surrender, and your life will be spared."
Duke Romero stays silent.
"So be it, we are winning either way."
Hokuto motions his spear back, readying it for a thrust to Duke Romero's chest.
"Stop, stop! I surrender."
Hokuto lifts Duke Romero up with one arm and then pushes him away towards the entrance, staying behind him, then Hokuto places the tip of his spear at his back. "Let's go then. Order your soldiers to surrender or die by my hands."
Duke Romero starts walking by himself and Hokuto follows close behind him. The assassins let go of the two men they were securing and go to stand around Hokuto to protect him. On the way out of the house, they prepare a white flag and give it to Duke Romero to carry. The guards of Duke Romero are forced to just watch them pass by without being able to act. They come out of the house and people start to notice Duke Romero carrying the white flag, some of them run off towards the wall shouting that the duke has been captured and has surrendered. As they walk people just stare in astonishment, not doing anything. When Hokuto approaches the wall and its entrance with Duke Romero, the people have already stopped fighting and are just watching them coming.
"Open the gates, and everybody here will live, the war is over" Hokuto shouts loudly for everyone to hear.
Seeing as they aren't doing what he asked, Hokuto presses his spear at Duke Romero's back.
"Open the gates," Duke Romero orders.
His soldiers readily obey him, and as the entrance gets opened, cheers are heard coming from the other side. The war between the Slatina and Dorohoi territories has ended.

***

Walking his own path

Albert and Hokuto are joyfully talking to each other at night, drinking at a small bar. It has been a long and tiring day after all, but now the war they've fought during these last months is finally over, and everyone is celebrating.
"So in the end, you managed to beat us first, eh Hokuto?"
"Ha ha. But the door seemed pretty broken, it looked like you guys were just about to get in."
"Yeah but maybe the battle wouldn't have ended there, and more lives would have been lost. I'm glad you captured the duke, it ended up being the best option."
"How many did we lose?"
"Not too many, Hokuto. This battle was the best one we fought, in that regard. I'll never underestimate my enemy again, it's a lesson I won't forget."
"You and me both, my friend. We and the soldiers were all brimming with such confidence, with our strength and union, fighting for the Goddess. I ended up wasting the life of a good man."
"Yes we also weren't expecting for that selfish, ignorant duke to have such an organized army."
"It's over now, though."
"Yes... but our true mission is not over, and the Slatina territory can't afford to fight another war."
"I'm hoping we won't have to fight another war as well. We only fought this one because we had to, Duke Romero was hopelessly beside redemption."
"Former... duke. Now he is just a prisoner."
"But what he said to me before he was captured concerns me. What do you think the other dukes will decide to do to us for declaring a war?"
"Whatever happens, we'll do what we have to. If Goddess permits, we will have justice on our side."
"You're right."
"So what do you plan on doing now?"
"Me? Why do you ask?"
"Won't you go back to see Lady Bleaumenaux?"
Hokuto looks down thinking for a moment. "No... I'd rather not."
"Why? You know she would be delighted to see you. Even in this... condition."
"No, I have a different mission now, I'm no longer her personal guard."
"Yes but, we have much to do in Dorohoi now that it is conquered. You won't have to do anything for some time, you should just go see her."
"Heh, it would be awkward to go back to Slatina like this. But no, I'm going to walk my own path now."
"What do you mean?"
"I want to make use of this body to travel through the nation, get to know the other territories. The knowledge I gain will also help us facilitate the introduction of the Goddess to the people."
"You're really taking our mission seriously."
Hokuto doesn't answer.
"Well, I approve of your choice. After all, you're the only one that can do it. It should be a good experience too. Just don't push yourself too hard, and most of all, if you're not going to stay with us, then don't take any great risks. If that bracelet is somehow lost, then so would you, for Goddess knows how long."
"Yes, I appreciate the advice."
"Well, let's stop with the serious conversation for now, and drink some more."
"Cheers."
They clank their cups together, and continue to drink through the night, over the great victory that was had.

***

"Justice is balance"

Warning: at the end of most chapters I might explain aspects of the story and tell some of my philosophy on the subject. This philosophy is personal and debatable. If you think this disrupts the flow of the story, feel free to skip it. If you want to talk about these philosophies, give your opinions and insights, please visit my blogsite www.choices-ebook.blogspot.com.
Conquering the Dorohoi territory was only the first step in Slatina's mission of propagating their newfound religion. This was the second war ever fought between territories since the founding of the nation. At first, Lin Bleaumenaux, duchess of the Slatina territory, tried to use diplomacy to convince Romero Royan, duke of the Dorohoi territory, to allow missionaries to pass on the teachings of the Goddess to the people. Duke Romero promptly refused, and even insulted the idea of such goddess. Duchess Bleaumenaux, set on believing that it is Slatina's divine mission to save the rest of the nation with their knowledge, and knowing that the government of Dorohoi was rotten to its core, decided there was no other way but to declare war, without giving the enemy the possibility of surrender, so that they can then change the way the territory is governed, giving it new leadership. Duke Romero made no effort to prevent fighting this war.
Although Dorohoi was full of internal conflicts with its people, its army ended up being surprisingly organized, the Liberation Army believed that with their newly established convicted strength and union, they had an assured victory. That caused them to underestimate their opponents, and they ended up suffering many losses at the war. Dorohoi has always been a place ruled by people that call themselves nobles, who believe to be above the others, the commoners. The nobles, and Duke Romero himself, always supported each other getting increasingly more rich while exploiting the commoners. These commoners have hard lives, always being unfavoured, and many times left unprotected. This contributed to the increase in number of robberies, rapes, and killing.
As people grow up in different sets of life, different patterns, their moralities and beliefs also grow to be different. The sense of survival rules over every human being, they learn to adapt to their situations. When you're taking things from someone else, that someone will feel a need to compensate it by recovering what they lost by also taking things from someone else. It becomes a cycle. Where corruption lies, crime arises to compensate it. People like Roarch weren't entirely wrong in leading their lives as they did, nor were they right. Growing up with nothing, always having things being taken from you, you learn to also take from others. Justice is balance. It's cause and effect.

* * * * *

Chapter 2

Travelling to Bregoi

After resting for only one day, Hokuto already departs to journey away on his own. He heads to the Bregoi territory, that lies to the east of Dorohoi. The fort-city Rom is fairly close to the borders with the neighboring territory, and it takes him only one day to reach Bregoi. He made camp to sleep at the first night, and in the next morning arrives at the first village he encounters in the Bregoi territory. As soon as he enters the village both Hokuto and Reiken notice an atmosphere that they haven't seen for some time. The place looks lively and peaceful, it impresses both of them. The people seem to get along, they don't walk by ignoring one another. Hokuto walks by the village just looking around, the people of the village look at him without saying anything. In a few minutes he reaches a big, calm lake at the center.
"This place looks so peaceful." Hokuto talks to Reiken.
"Yeah, it feels weird."
"Heh, yes it does. It's sad that it does, it's just a peaceful village, it was supposed to be just a normal sight."
Hokuto is interested in getting to know the place better, understand what the village is like, so he decides to spend the day walking around and observing the people. He doesn't approach anyone to start a conversation, he just wants to enjoy the peace, the small noises, the wind, and the sun. It's like remembering a feeling he had long forgotten. He looks for a place in the village to spend the night.
In the next day Hokuto asks for directions and departs to a nearby city called Asvid. He reaches this city after some hours. This city is a lot different than the village, it looks busier, but it shares the same peaceful atmosphere. After walking a bit just looking around, he sees something that really catches his attention. There's a young man walking at the street, with a couple of guards following behind him, and as this man passes by, people are bowing to him, with smiles on their faces. The scene of a young man receiving such respect is astonishing to both Hokuto and Reiken, especially to Reiken, and without realizing, Reiken suddenly takes control of the body, the color of his eyes turned from blue to brown, and in a trance of amazement, he walks towards the young man. As Reiken gets closer, the man and woman that were behind the young man step in front to block Reiken from getting closer.
"Halt! What do you want, stranger? The woman asks.
Reiken looks at the woman with surprise, he just realises what he was doing. "Oh, I'm sorry, I, nothing."
"This is the duke of Bregoi, show some respect," she says in a serious tone.
"Duke? But you're so young," Reiken is so surprised he says it without thinking.
The man next to the woman just laughs at Reiken's comment, and the woman gets angry, they act like total opposites. The young man behind them steps closer and speaks.
"I'm actually older than I look, you know," the man says with a smile.
"Really? I'm often mistaken for my age all the time too," Reiken responds.
"How old are you?"
"I'm twenty three."
"Yeah? Me too, I'm twenty three. So we are both older than we look, how interesting. My name is Jesse, what is yours?" He comes even closer.
"I'm Reiken."
"Nice to meet you, Reiken," Jesse extends and shakes hands with Reiken. "So where are you from?"
"I just recently came from Dorohoi."
"I figured. I hear that place is in terrible chaos."
"Yeah, it was."
"It was? Why, what happened to it? We've been so busy here in Bregoi that we have no idea what has been happening to our neighbor."
"Duke, this is not the time or place to stand here and chat," the woman says.
"I suppose you're right. Say Reiken, why don't you come to the manor house as my guest, we can discuss things better there."
"Duke Jesse!" The woman voices with disagreement.
"Oh would you relax, Bee? Reiken looks like a nice guy, I just want to have a conversation," Jesse says to the woman, then turns back to Reiken. "So what do you say?"
"I'd love to."
"Excellent. Come with us, we were just heading there. By the way, the serious woman here is Bee, and the carefree man is called Marck. They are close companions, they protect and advise me."
"Nice to meet you." The man greets Reiken, but Bee just looks at him without saying anything.
"Well, let's go." Jesse tells them.
They all walk towards the manor. Jesse walks in front, Reiken is slightly next to him, and the two guards walk really close behind them.

***

At the manor of Asvid

Duke Jesse, his two companions and Reiken reach the manor of the city after walking for some minutes. A couple of guards at the entrance open the door to them without saying anything. After they get inside, Reiken is amazed at how big it is, but he feels the place doesn't have the luxurious decorations that someone would usually expect. Reiken is led to a meeting room where they sit by a table to have a conversation.
"Reiken, please, tell me more about Dorohoi."
"There was a war in Dorohoi, which just very recently ended. Soldiers from the Slatina territory attacked Dorohoi in order to end Duke Romero's control. He lost the war, so Dorohoi should go through a lot of changes now, but whatever those are, I'm sure it's going to be for the better."
"A war between territories? But that's forbidden," Marck says.
"Wow. Such a war was happening to our neighbor, and I had no idea of it. We were so caught up on our own war, and now we have so much to do to recover from it," Jesse says.
"You too? But the Bregoi territory seem to be so peaceful, I got so amazed, it's very different from what I've known through my entire life. Living has always been so hard, the constant fear, having to fight for survival all the time."
"Bregoi wasn't much different from that, which is why we decided to fight back against the cause of it."
"What happened?"
"Bee can tell this story well," Marck comments.
Bee thinks for a moment, but then starts talking. "Under all the chaos that we were living, a very brave young man stood up against the oppressors alongside only a handful of friends. These young men brought courage to the people, armed only with words they were able to bring back hope to everyone. Where they went, more and more people would unite to their cause. In very little time, it turned into an army, big enough to fight against the former duke's army. The people were scared, but these brave men raised their morale, making everything seem possible." Bee pauses for a moment, looking like she doesn't want to continue. "It was a tough war, but in the end, we triumphed. Our young leader here taught us how to fight for our freedom, how to believe in union. It is an immense honor to be serving under him and I will protect him with my life."
Reiken's face shows total amazement with the story, his mouth hanging open. "I can't believe we are the same age, I wished I could be at least a little like you."
"Oh, don't be that amazed, Bee is giving me too much credit."
"No, Duke, your amazing display of strength and conviction was an example to us all, and even today you manage to surprise us."
"I owe too much to my friends, and much to you two, as well."

Reiken cuts in talking with his head down, like if saying to himself. "I believed that anywhere that I would go, it would be the same. There could be no peace, no escape. Peace was just a story told to kids." Reiken looks back up, towards Jesse. "I'm not any near as strong as you. Not even close. I gave up all hope a long time ago."
They go silent for a moment, they seem worried about Reiken. Then Jesse decides to make a proposal. "Hey Reiken, you just arrived in Asvid, right? What did you come here for?"
"I... don't really know."
"Would you like to accompany me somewhere tomorrow morning?"
"Sur... Sure! I would love to."
Reiken notices that both Bee and Marck smile at this, they must know what is going to happen.
"It's getting late now, you should go look for somewhere to stay. Do this," Jesse writes something in a paper, "give this to the owner of the Fragrant Wood Inn, he should let you stay for free."
"Oh, you shouldn't have, I..."
"Please."
"... Ok, thank you, I will."
"Good, we'll meet again tomorrow. Come early."
"I will. Thank you very much." Reiken gets up from his chair and bows.
"Goodbye, Marck will accompany you out."
Marck gets up from his chair as well, and accompanies Reiken out of the manor like he was asked to. He gives some directions on where to find the Inn Reiken was told about and he goes there without taking any detours. He eats and goes to sleep shortly after. Hokuto haven't said a single word since Reiken took control of the body, and Reiken didn't even realise it.

***

Reiken dreams again

A young man walks slowly through a grassy plain, dragging his feet, almost stumbling. He has his head looking down. He seem tired, unfocused. A big moon shines intensely in the night. In the distance he hears screams, war cries, the clash of weapons. There are bodies of dead soldiers all around of where he walks. He doesn't seem to care about where he is, he doesn't seem to care about anything, he doesn't care if he dies, and in fact, he welcomes the thought. He closes his eyes and continues to walk. After a long time walking aimlessly, an intense light suddenly penetrates his pupils, getting his attention. He slowly opens them and sees something reflecting the moon directly into his view. He steps closer and the reflection lessens. It's a beautiful bracelet, in the arm of a dead soldier. Enticed by it, he removes the bracelet from the man's wrist and gazes at it with amazement. He puts the bracelet on his own wrist, and suddenly his conscience fades. Reiken wakes up from the dream lifting his upper body, looking surprised. He takes a deep breath, and lifts his left hand to his view, staring at the bracelet on his wrist.
"Hokuto," he speaks softly.
"Had you forgotten about me for a moment there?"
"... Yeah."
"You don't need to concern yourself with me for now, I'm also interested in that young duke, and what you're going to do during the day."
Reiken lets his body fall back to the bed. He stares at the ceiling while thinking. 
"I would've died on that battlefield if I hadn't put on this bracelet."
"Yes, you probably would've."
They stay silent, thinking to themselves.
"Go back to sleep, Reiken, you should rest."
Reiken closes his eyes, and let the drowsiness take over him again.

***

Reiken begins training

Reiken wakes up very early in the morning, feeling quite rested. He gets himself ready and goes to the manor to meet the young duke as per his invitation. The guards by the entrance tell him to wait outside, saying that he is early. As he waits many other warriors are also coming towards the manor, they all wait outside as well, without speaking to him. After some time, Duke Jesse comes out alongside Bee and Marck.
"Good morning Reiken. You're up early."
"Good morning, sir."
"Sir? Don't call me that. We are the same age after all, you can call me Jesse.
"Ok."
"So are you ready?"
"For what?"
"We didn't tell you? We are going training at some nearby ruins here."
"Really? And I can train with you?"
"Sure."
Duke Jesse smiles at Reiken in response, and he starts walking in front, Bee and Marck right behind him, followed by all the other soldiers that gathered at his entrance. Reiken follows them from the side. As they walk through the city, the people bow to the young duke, and this still amazes Reiken. After they exit Asvid they walk for another forty minutes until they reach the ruins that Duke Jesse talked about. Reiken noticed that Jesse talked a lot with his companions during the way, but he couldn't hear what they were saying. They all go to an open area in the ruins, and every warrior goes to certain positions, like they all know where to be. Reiken just goes to where Jesse went. 
"Hey, Reiken, so how good are you with that spear?" Duke Jesse asks.
"I... well... I don't really know how to use it."
"What? That's strange, why do you carry it then?"
"It's... I can't really explain."
"It doesn't matter. I was looking forward to see how well you fought with it, but how about you train with me using swords instead, then? That's what all of us practice here."
"That would be great."
"Todd, come over here," Duke Jesse calls for a nearby man.
"Duke?"
"Please, lend your pair of swords to this man here."
"Yes Duke," the man unsheathes both his swords and gives them to Reiken.
"Thank you," Reiken thanks the man as he receives the swords.
"Bee is my teacher on how to fight with this style, she teaches all of our soldiers actually. She is amazingly skilled, she was a noble knight, after all."
"She is a noble?"
"Yes, and so is Marck, who is very knowledgeable on many subjects. They worked with the nobles, but they switched to our side during the war."
"I wouldn't have guessed."
"Don't be so surprised," Marck says. "Just because me and Bee are of noble heritage, it doesn't mean we are like all the other nobles you know. I couldn't have been more satisfied to have switched to serve this young man instead of my former lord."
"Say, Reiken, how about you warm up with me first, show me what you can do."
The young duke takes a battle stance, he faces Reiken smiling, a sword in each hand. Reiken tries to copy his stance and stares right back at him. After three seconds Duke Jesse steps forward and slashes at Reiken with one sword, Reiken focuses on parrying it and he doesn't see the next sword coming, Duke Jesse strikes at Reiken's sword with his other hand and disarms him of it, the next attack stops at his chest. The battle is over.
"Ha ha ha ha! That was quick," Marck laughs, some of the guards are also sneering.
"You thought I was going to go easy on you?" Duke Jesse laughs. "I'm sorry Reiken. I just had to do this. Bee, please teach him how to use the swords."
"Yes, Duke." Bee goes next to Reiken. "Pay attention to what I say to you, I don't want to waste my time. I won't repeat myself too much, and you won't ever talk back at me. While I teach you, I am your master, so you better treat me accordingly."
"Yes ma'am."
Reiken straightens up and bows to her. Bee smiles at his display of respect, but then she gets serious and changes her approach. She comes very close to Reiken and start showing him how to hold the swords, how to slash, how to keep his balance. He practices slashing at the air. Later she teaches how to position his feet, how to move his other sword, how to control his strength, how to quickly regain balance after every slash. She teaches different ways of swinging the swords, how to turn, how to duck, how to jump, how to make successive attacks. They keep at it for hours. She is impressed by how well Reiken does, she was only able to teach so many things because of how fast and well he is doing everything, but she doesn't say it to him. She asks if he is tired expecting him to ask to stop, but he doesn't. Reiken is training with unending stamina, he doesn't look like a novice. She thinks there must be more to him than what he says, but his personality doesn't seem any odd, he seemed to always speak sincerely. Reiken doesn't know that he is being a fast learner, he wouldn't be able to tell, and he didn't think about why he isn't getting tired so easily.
"You're doing pretty good for your first day," Duke Jesse approaches Reiken.
"Thank you," Reiken stops slashing and turns to him.
"You got caught up on training him, you must be enjoying yourself," Marck, who is next to Jesse, says this to Bee.
Now that Reiken thinks about it, he isn't sure where Duke Jesse has been all this time, if watching him or training somewhere else, Reiken was so focused that he can't tell. They all go back to Asvid and part ways when they get there. They bid their farewells, Reiken bows to the young duke, and goes away on his own.
"I got to admit that man is really admirable. You seem to especially admire him even more." Hokuto talks to Reiken.
"Yes... I do. Just as they were saying, he's got something that gives you hope. I feel somehow... resurrected. I feel as if, if someone like him can do something that great, at the same age as myself, then maybe I can do something great too, I can still create a purpose for my life. If only I can learn more."
"I see," Hokuto pauses for a moment, "I'll let you be for now."
Reiken doesn't understand what he really meant with his words, but doesn't want to dwell on the thought. He goes looking around the city for a pair of swords to buy, which he easily finds. He spends money that he had with him, this annoys Hokuto a little, since it's his money, but he doesn't say anything. A few hours after the night comes, Reiken goes to the same place again to sleep, but the inn keeper says he can't be sleeping there for free every day. Reiken decides to ask Duke Jesse in the next day if he can help him find a place to stay, since he has no intention of leaving Asvid soon.

***

And a long time passes by

Reiken spends more than a month living in Asvid. With the help of Duke Jesse, he found a place to stay without having to pay rent. He continued to go to the manor early in the morning in order to go training. Sometimes he and all those other soldiers went to those ruins outside the city, sometimes only Bee went to train him but most times no one was available, so Reiken practiced by himself. Bee has taken a liking to train Reiken, he showed a very unusually fast development. Over the whole month, Hokuto has mostly let Reiken be, without taking control of the body. Reiken has even started to serve Duke Jesse with certain assignments, as a way to repay him for everything. 
It happened in one of the days that Reiken was at the ruins practicing with everyone else, they decided he should duel Duke Jesse again. Reiken and the young duke stood facing each other for some time before starting to fight, and everyone could tell Reiken was a lot more confident that time. It was only a few days after he started training with Bee, and she already thought he was ready to try fighting Duke Jesse again, because of how much potential he was showing. When they started the duel, Duke Jesse attacked him like he did the first time, without being any easy on him, but Reiken was fending off Duke Jesse's attacks with amazing agility, it surprised everyone watching, even Reiken himself was surprised. Just by learning how to properly wield two swords, he could do a lot more than how much he did the first time. Reiken still had more to learn on the techniques of wielding two swords, he wasn't able to do some things properly, but he was dodging and parrying in ways that nobody knew he could. Without her realizing it, Bee had shouted advice to help Reiken, she wanted to see the fruition of her training. The battle lasted a lot longer than the first time, but Duke Jesse had won again. Then they said to each other:
"Amazing, Reiken. I was very surprised with the way you moved. You still need more training, but you have such great potential. I don't think Bee taught me how to move like that."
"I didn't teach him that," Bee said this in a low voice that just a few people heard, and on that day, she started to get suspicious of him.
"I'm surprised at it myself. It just felt like my body knew how to move."
"Really? That's interesting, maybe you have some serious latent potential in you."
"Interesting," Reiken heard the voice of Hokuto inside his head, "I was suspecting this before but now I'm certain of it, you learned how to move like I do while I was fighting in your body."
It suddenly made sense to Reiken, something that he wasn't thinking about before, about his stamina, his speed, his reflexes, it all came from Hokuto because of the time he spent using Reiken's body.
Weeks have passed after that, they kept training, Reiken kept doing errands for Duke Jesse, they talked about many different things, and they started to get closer and closer to each other with time. Reiken got increasingly better in the dual-wield style, enough to match Duke Jesse's skills. In one day of training in the ruins, Duke Jesse asked Reiken to follow him to somewhere else. He took him to a room that looked about to collapse, the sun shone inside through cracks in the ceiling and there were many flowers planted on the ground. The place looked mysterious, comforting and strangely beautiful. There were four graves on the back of the room, among the flowers. Duke Jesse sat by the graves, closed his eyes and stayed like that for some time. Reiken was behind him, but he stood still waiting for the young duke to say something first:
"You know, I'm not as strong as they make me out to be," he gave it some thought before continuing, "I was only able to get this far because of all the friends I had with me. I cared a lot about them. The situation on our town was only getting worse and worse. The lives of the people were constantly endangered with all sorts of problems. Me and my friends often came to these ruins when we were kids, we used to play all sorts of games. It was a place to escape our reality. I wanted that friendship to remain, I wanted to protect them, they were all I cared about. But one of my friends wanted to do more, he was looking past his own interests. He was a very kind and very wise man, he said there was no point in staying idle, that if people want change to come, they should fight for it. A better place to live, a better life, are things to be achieved. He would talk to others about strength, justice, honor, and people started to gather around us believing in those ideals. It suddenly became an army, and it grew to the point to be enough to match the army of the former duke of Bregoi. All my friends lost their lives in that war, they died protecting me. I swore to continue what we started, and to win. I would go around saying all I learned from him to gather more people. We won in the end, but it took many losses. And now I'm trying to turn Bregoi into a better place. I'm going to use all the ideals that he taught me for that. This experience taught me that all the people need is the proper leadership, an example to follow, and with the ideals we set out to them, we'll achieve peace, and be united."
"I still think you're very admirable."
The young duke looked at Reiken and smiled to him. Reiken looked down and continued to speak.
"I had given up all hope. I lost my parents while I was young. I used to live around a very close friend after that. It was a hard life, but we were getting by. One day, she was... tortured... in front of my eyes. I ran, I lost my sanity at that moment."
"That's such a horrible story," Duke Jesse said this with a low voice while looking down, then he looked back up and said "but you're still alive, and you're here. You're sane now, and if you're willing to fight, there's much you can achieve, you can save other people from the fate that was bestowed on you. It's a fine purpose in life, and a very fulfilling one."
" ... Yeah." Reiken cheers up a little. "I was so impressed when I saw you in the city, the people would smile and bow to you as you passed by. How did you make them do it?"
"I didn't MAKE them do anything. They do it because of the respect they have for me."
"Amazing..."
"Heh. You know why I like you? You remind me of the friendship I once had. You're just like me a few years ago, always looking up to someone else, but I'm sure that eventually you're going to find your own strength, soon I'd say." Duke Jesse got up and started walking away. "Come on Reiken, let's resume our training."
"Tell him to go ahead, I want to say something to you," Hokuto spoke in Reiken's mind.
"Go ahead, Jesse, I'll catch up in just a minute."
"Alright, I'll give you some time to think."
After Duke Jesse left, Hokuto started talking to Reiken.
"You're getting pretty close to him."
"What do you want to talk about?"
"Although you must be enjoying all the time you've been spending now, I have a mission to carry on, and I feel you might be starting to waste my time."
"Wasting your time? It is my body, my life, I'll spend it however I want to."
"Unfortunately now, it's our body, you're also bound to the bracelet, and we are both here. And don't tell me I owe you your time, for you wouldn't still be alive and here, if it wasn't for me."
Reiken felt angry at Hokuto, but he couldn't respond to him.
"We can fight for control of the body, or we can get along with each other."
"Is that all you wanted to say?"
"No, I want you to tell him about the existence of the Goddess, about her teachings of compassion. I want you to try convincing him that by spreading our religion, we would be closer to achieving a lasting peace."
Reiken thought for a moment before answering. "I'll try to talk with him, but I'm not sure what to say."
"I'll teach you what to say to him."
They ended that conversation at that moment, and Reiken went back to training. After Reiken was back at house that they are staying in Asvid, Hokuto taught him more about the Goddess and her ideals. A few days after that, they went to the ruins again for more sword practice. Bee had just finished training Reiken once again, and decided to test him.
"Your development has been quite impressive, Reiken. Now I want to see how you fight against me, along Duke Jesse." Bee said with pride.
"Don't underestimate her just because it's two against one, Reiken," Jesse says.
"I know."
They all stood looking at each other, holding their swords using the same battle stance. Bee was looking more serious than usual, Reiken thought it must have been her way of concentrating in the fight, she was paying attention at Duke Jesse and Reiken awaiting for their move. After a short time, Duke Jesse and Reiken moved to attack her at the same time. Since Bee taught them both how to fight using two swords, she could predict their movements pretty well, she changed her stance and avoided their attacks. Bee displayed precision and force at the same time, a true master. Her parries made openings on their defense, but their synergy was really good, they covered for each other, not giving her a chance to make decisive attacks, and this synergy only improved with time. In the end, Bee was defeated.
"Excellent work to the both of you," Bee said with only a slightly less serious face than her usual.
"Ha ha ha, impressive! May I have a go as well?" Marck came closer, showing excitement by the fight he just watched.
"Are you kidding? We are tired," Duke Jesse says.
"Stop whining and be men."
"Is that how it's going to be? Fine, let's teach Marck a lesson, Reiken."
"Ha ha ha," Reiken laughs happily.
Marck has a different style, he fights using a big sword with both hands, and his strength allows him to be able to manipulate that big sword with great speed. The way he kept swinging the sword made it hard to approach him, and when they parried his attacks, the force of the impact threw them off balance, but when one of them was thrown back, the other didn't let him follow up with more attacks. After some time, Reiken decided to get closer to him and try deflecting his sword, he managed to deviate his swing into another direction, and with a quick follow-up, Marck was also defeated.
"Ha ha ha ha," Marck laughed as he was defeated. He seemed very pleased with the battle.
"Phew, I'm so tired now. That was intensive. Let's take a break," Duke Jesse said.
They were all breathing heavily. Duke Jesse decided to go off towards their friend's graves to rest. Reiken followed him shortly after. He found Duke Jesse sitting in front of the graves like he did the other time. The room still made Reiken feel strange, being beautiful and eerie at the same time.
"Jesse."
"Hi Reiken. Is there something you wish to speak to me?"
"Yes, there is."
"What is it?"
"I wanted to talk to you about a way that should help bring peace to everyone, of every territory," Reiken sat next to Jesse.
"What way?" Jesse frowned.
"When Slatina declared war to Dorohoi, they had a good reason to do it. They wanted to spread their new found religion, teachings of a compassionate Goddess."
"A goddess?" Duke Jesse asks perplexed.
"A being that transcends our mortal existences. She is powerful and is always watching over all of us, she spoke through a messenger that could hear her, to teach us, to righten our paths."
"That story is pretty hard to believe in."
"But it is real. Just by acknowledging her, submitting to her will, people's bodies was transformed, making them stronger, healthier, and also making it grow horns on their heads. I've seen it."
"People being changed? Growing horns? You must be kidding. I happened to hear this people with horns rumor before, but it sounded way too unbelievable."
"It is very real."
"Still, something doesn't make sense to me. If there really is such a powerful being, then why didn't she do something before to help the people? And why now? Why Slatina?"
"It was taught that there is a reason for everything that happens, a path that every man and woman can follow. The people must put their faith in her, believe that the path chosen to them is the right one. The religion teaches the people to accept the lives given to them, how to be grateful, how it is precious, how to treat everyone equally, and how this submission can reward them even after they die."
Duke Jesse thought really hard about it. He found it hard to believe in Reiken, but he wanted to, his serious tone was suggesting that Reiken wasn't kidding. Duke Jesse replied after several minutes of deep thinking.
"I can tell how those teachings could be useful, making the people believe things that would make them stop wanting to bring suffering to one another. But I don't agree with living a life worshipping and trusting some goddess, believing that our pain exists for a reason, that our problems have purposes, hoping to get rewarded after death. All our suffering was brought on us by ourselves, and we can only solve it with our own strength, by fighting for our own beliefs. Beliefs that each man must find for himself. My friend used to say that it's our fault, as much as it is the people with power, that we live in a place full of chaos. Our ideals got messed up, and those messed up ideals were passed on forward. What people need is just an example, a good example, and be taught about those good ideals. I always respected my friend, and I'll continue to live by his words."
"... I understand."
"I'm going to think about it, but I don't believe this is what I want for the people, I'll show you that true peace is only achieved by our own strength. I'll help lead the people into a new generation, strong and united."
"..."
"Come, let's return to our practice."
Duke Jesse left, and Reiken stood there for a second, still taking in his words.
"Quite interesting, but it's foolish," Hokuto interrupts Reiken's thought. "He thinks that with example, with his words, that he can stop the men's greed in their hearts, and the evil they are capable of?"
"Maybe he can."
"That won't be enough, Reiken. Evil will always be around. But you see, the religion brings more than what we talked about. It is also a form of control. We can instill in people's minds that every act against the religion, that every evil deed, disrupts the right order of things."
"Isn't it the same as what he is trying to do, changing the people's ideals?"
"It does seem the same, though the methods are different. He is naive to put faith that the people will change with only a change of ideals. As long as the people believe they can steal, kill, rape, and not be punished, there will always be some that will continue to do it. We have to make them believe, that every action does not pass unwatched, and thus, never goes unpunished."
"I don't know about this."
"Your indecision will clear with time. But go back to the training area now, they should be expecting you."
Reiken hasn't spoken with Hokuto or Duke Jesse about that subject again after that day. They continued to practice together at certain days, and they were still very friendly to each other. But Reiken's days at Asvid were about to come to an end, because something big is just about to happen.

***

A battle at the nearby village

Reiken is just about to go to sleep in the house he's been staying in Asvid when suddenly he hears a big commotion going on in the outside. He steps out of the house and sees a pack of warriors mounted on horses quickly passing through. He notices Duke Jesse among the warriors, who also notices him back. Duke Jesse orders his soldiers to stop and quickly goes towards Reiken mounted on his horse.
"Reiken! A nearby village close to the border is being attacked, we are rushing to go defend it, will you join us?" Duke Jesse quickly states what he wants without wasting any time.
"Of course," and Reiken answers just as quickly.
"Here, ride with me," Bee approaches Reiken and tells him to mount behind her on the same horse.
There are only around twenty five men and women with them, Duke Jesse must be in a hurry to go defend the village, without wanting to wait for more to join them. They all gallop fast through the plains. Fortunately, it's one of those nights when the big moon shines the brightest. As they are reaching their destination, everyone starts to tense up, they can see the light of burning houses in the distance, and as they start to approach, they hear the sound of battle and screams. Reiken can see the rage in every one's faces around him. Arriving at the village they quickly jump off their horses and enter it running. Their enemies are quickly identified, there are many men and women with horns wearing armor fighting against the people from this village. Its guards, farmers and lumberjacks, make a futile stand against these armored soldiers.
"Horns? What is the meaning of this?" Duke Jesse doesn't want to believe it.
"Duke!" Bee speaks to Jesse without being fazed. "Me and Marck will spread out to chase down these attackers, don't put yourself at too much risk. Reiken, stay with him."
"Be safe," Marck says to Duke Jesse.
They both go off in different directions, taking an even number of warriors with them, and the rest of the warriors stay near the entrance with Duke Jesse and Reiken. 
"What is the meaning of this? Hokuto?!" Reiken can't believe his eyes.
"I don't know what is happening either, this can't be something that general Albert could have ordered."
"Reiken, did you say something?" Duke Jesse asks him.
"Come on Jesse, let's join the fight," Reiken is feeling so angry that he doesn't want to stay idle.
"Agreed!"
"Don't!" Reiken hears Hokuto trying to stop him, but he doesn't listen to him, Reiken moves in front going into the village to fight off the attackers, Duke Jesse and the rest of the warriors follow after him. But before they engage the first enemy, they hear a very loud and menacing howl coming from the distance which gets everyone's attention, none of them can really imagine what could have howled like that. And suddenly a heavy rain starts, like it was waiting for the howl.
"What was that?" Duke Jesse asks.
"It seems to have come from this way."
They move towards where they think the howl came from. They find a big pack of horned soldiers fighting something that they can't see, near the lake of the village. They rush to engage these horned soldiers from behind.
"There are guards coming from behind us! Make formation!" One of the horned soldiers shouts.
The enemy soldiers make a formation side by side. Reiken, Duke Jesse and the others make the same formation.
"Haaaaaaaa!" It's Reiken's first real battle, but he charges without hesitation.
"Don't do this, Reiken!" Reiken doesn't hear what Hokuto says to him, everyone is moving to attack these horned soldiers. Duke Jesse and Reiken are side by side. A big battle unfolds, everyone clash weapons at the same time, the sound of men and women shouting, metal hitting metal, and the heavy rain pouring down, echoes loudly through their ears. Duke Jesse and Reiken are skillfully fighting together, striking down their enemy without rest, but every time they move in to strike one down, the horned soldiers stare at Reiken with confusion. 
"Captain?"
"Captain! Why are you doing this?
"Wait Captain! Why are you on their side?"
They heard a few of the enemy saying this before they were defeated, but they don't stop attacking. Duke Jesse felt confused, but he didn't dwell on the feeling, he focuses on the battle. After they succeed in defeating most of the enemy soldiers, they reach what must be the source of the loud howl, something that is fighting against the same enemy. They stare feeling astonished at the creature in front of them. It resembles a man, but it's bigger, looks vicious and strong, with a slightly deformed figure, and big horns, shaped like a deer's, very different from the horns of these enemy soldiers, which are shaped like a ram's. There are corpses of many horned soldiers around this creature, eviscerated. It looks tired, and is bleeding from many injuries. Under this bright moon and heavy rain, it emits an aura that can make any man scared, fit to the environment. The creature looks at Duke Jesse and Reiken, revealing its red eyes, and lifts the big axe it has in hands. The creature howls and moves to attack them. It is really fast, even though it's obviously not at its full speed. Duke Jesse and Reiken fight well together, avoiding his axe swings and making cuts on the creature in different locations. They don't have time to feel fear, nor amazement, they focus completely on the battle, and the training they did together is making them fight with great teamwork. The creature is getting slower and slower, more and more tired, the cuts around its body are wearing it out, they can tell they are beating it. Like it must know its end, the creature steps back and stops attacking. It let go of its axe and just turns its back to Duke Jesse and Reiken. It slowly walks towards the lake, and everyone just stares at it without attacking. The creature steps in the water and falls to its knees near the border. It starts making a sound that at first nobody could believe.
"It is... crying?"
They can only stare at the creature, crying by the lake, down on its knees, not knowing what to think. Then suddenly, it falls with its face down on the water, and slowly sinks further into the lake. Everyone is mesmerized by the scene before them. And as amazing as it may seem, the heavy rain suddenly stops, and Marck and Bee appear next to the young leader, like everything was synchronized with the creature's death.
"Duke Jesse! The enemy has been defeated, the ones that remained are currently retreating, the village is safe now."
Duke Jesse comes to his senses after hearing Marck speaking to him, and he looks around to assess the situation.
"Safe... but not saved."
"Jesse," Reiken calls out to Duke Jesse, worried about him.
"Reiken." Upon hearing Reiken's voice, Jesse turns angry. "So these are the soldiers from that religion thing that you talked about, aren't they?
"I... I didn't know something like this could happen."
"You didn't know? And they were calling you captain?"
"What?" Bee and Marck speak at the same time, surprised.
"I... I..."
"Don't bother trying to say anything, Reiken. I treated you as a friend, and I thought you considered me your friend as well. But now... I just don't know what to think of you."
"But I am your friend."
"Shut up! We are done talking. I'm going to let you go out of the respect that I have for you, but I don't want to see your face anymore. I advise you get out of Bregoi as soon as possible."
"Jesse, please, let me explain this."
"Did you not hear me?!" Jesse screams at Reiken, his anger reflected in his words.
Reiken looks at Duke Jesse for some time, who looks back at him with a serious and fierce look. With no other choice, Reiken turns his back and walks away. He leaves the village alone, feeling sad, trying to sort out his feelings about what just happened.
"I told you not to fight, Reiken"
"Shut up. Shut up, shut up, shut up."
Reiken presses his hands to his ears, trying to stop himself from hearing Hokuto. He drops to his knees and starts crying, sad and disappointed. Hokuto doesn't say anything else and just let Reiken continue as he is. After some time, Reiken stops crying and trembling. He gets back on his feet, with a serious and calm look on his face. It's not Reiken anymore, his eyes have turned blue.

***

Returning to Dorohoi

Hokuto goes back to Asvid to gather his things and spend his last night in Bregoi. Early in the next morning he departs straight back to Dorohoi, headed towards the fort-city Rom. When he arrives there at late in the afternoon, he notices the place is a lot different from when he left, from this one month that has passed. It shows no signs of recent war, and there are many people with horns walking around, in fact, there are so many that it seems odd, nonetheless the first thing Hokuto does is look for a place to eat. He is easily recognized by some people inside the bar, and they have him eat some food for free. Hokuto soon notices that most people in the city are soldiers from Slatina, though the reason for so many being here, he doesn't know. He decides to go to the manor to see if he discovers the reason. Coincidentally he finds Albert going there at the same time and decides to call out to him.
"Albert."
"Hokuto!" The big man turns to Hokuto surprised. "You're back! And with the most perfect timing." Albert greets Hokuto with a cheer.
"Why, what is going on? Why are here?"
"You should go talk to Lady Bleaumenaux, she is inside the manor. I'm sure she would love to see you."
"She is here? Why?"
"You can hear it from her."
"I see. I think I'll do just that then."
"Come have a chat with me later, I want to hear about what you've been doing."
"Ok." Hokuto starts walking away, but then he turns back to Albert. "Hey Albert, what happened at the nearby village in Bregoi?"
"So you know about that... I don't know the specifics of what happened, but it was Dreek's fault."
"Is Dreek here? What happened to him?"
"He is here, and her Lady Bleaumenaux still has to make a decision regarding him. You should just ask her about it."
"I'll do that. Thanks Albert, I'll see you later."
"Until then, my friend."
Hokuto goes off to find Duchess Bleaumenaux inside the manor of this fort-city, the place where only a month ago he invaded to capture Romero Royan. The guards at the entrance let Hokuto inside, and someone else there tells him that Duchess Bleaumenaux just finished a meeting and went to rest in a big bedroom. He goes there and knocks on the door.
"My lady, it's Hokuto."
"Hokuto! Come inside." A cheerful voice is heard from the other side of the door.
Hokuto opens the door and enters. Duchess Bleaumenaux is standing in the middle of the room facing him. Bleaumenaux is a beautiful woman, with pure white skin, black hair, graceful features and a fragile look. She stares at Hokuto with glimmering eyes. Without hesitating she rushes to embrace him, burying her face in his chest, even though it's the first time she sees him in this body. Hokuto hugs her head and stares at the small pair of horns on her head. It actually suits her beauty quite well.
"Hokuto. It's been so long."
"I'm sorry my lady."
"Please, go back to being my protector. You promised you would always stay with me."
"That promise has been fulfilled. I have a different promise to keep now."
"It doesn't matter. You can keep this new promise even if you stay by my side, you don't need to go off on your own."
"I'm sorry, but I think it's better if I work that way."
Bleaumenaux strengthens her grip on him for a moment, then she sighs and let go. They both walk to the balcony on the room. The sun is just setting, tinting the sky in orange. They stand there without talking. Hokuto used to be the closest person to her, but now, he feels strange, maybe even awkward. It's the first time that Bleaumenaux sees him with this new, young body, he got surprised how she didn't hesitate to hug him firmly. He knows what she feels, but Hokuto doesn't feel like he can respond to her feelings, all he wants is to do the things that he is meant to do now. He wants to ask her about Dreek, but he decides to wait until she speaks first.
"Hokuto, I want your advice on something."
"Yes my lady?"
"Something horrible happened yesterday, and I think one of my captains is to blame."
"Hum."
"I didn't decide what to do with him yet. Although I know he was very wrong with what he did, he was just trying to help spread our religion. You know that if we want to accomplish that, casualties are bound to happen on the way."
"So you are ok with the methods he used?"
"No, but I... hum..."
Hokuto sighs. "My lady. Don't think that because we are on a divine assignment, that our methods will always be justified. You need to tread carefully, we don't want to make enemies, we want to bring salvation to the people. Reflect deeply on how you want to act, and stick to what you believe in."
"Hokuto. I'm so lost without you."
"You don't need me anymore, my lady, you're fine without me now. You just need to make up your mind about things, and don't let the others do as they please without hearing from you first."
Bleaumenaux looks down for a moment, then up again at Hokuto.
"There is something else that happened. The actual reason for me and all the soldiers around being here is because Duke Roberto Royan has called for a meeting between the dukes of all seven territories, to happen tomorrow. This city is the closest one to the meeting place, which is why I'm here. You coming back here today could only be destiny. Will you accompany me to the meeting?"
"As you wish, my lady." Hokuto takes a step back and kneels to her.
"Thank you. We'll be able to talk more during the trip there. You look like you're very tired, I'll ask for someone to prepare a place for you to sleep here in the manor."
"Thank you. I'll be heading off, then," Hokuto gets up.
"Good night, Hokuto."
"Good night, my lady."
Hokuto stares deep into her eyes, then turns to leave the room, without looking back. He told Albert he would talk to him later, but he decides not to, or he might not be able to get some rest anytime soon. Instead, he goes to make some preparations, clean his armor and weapons, clean himself, and then he goes to sleep at the room that was prepared for him.

***

Dreaming of Bleaumenaux once again

Hokuto is walking inside a beautiful corridor, the walls filled with vines and flowers, the place smells of perfume. He is still a child of only twelve years old, but he looks very strong for his age. He reaches a room at the end of the corridor, a special room, filled with different types of flowers. The sunlight pours inside through a ceiling made of glass. There's a girl sitting in front of a flower bed. She seems sad, hugging her knees, so small and fragile.
"What's the matter, my lady, please don't be sad."
"Hokuto." The girl speaks with a weak voice and her face buried between her knees. "Will you always be with me, Hokuto?"
"Yes," the young Hokuto goes next to her.
"Will you always protect me?"
"Always."
"Will you stay with me, granting all my wishes?" She turns her head to look at him.
"I'll be with you, protecting you, granting you all your wishes, always, until the day I die."
"You promise?"
"I promise."
Hokuto hugs the young Bleaumenaux sitting on the floor. Then he slowly opens his eyes, awakening from his dream.
"You loved her." Reiken says.
"Since I was a kid, I was raised and trained to protect her, to always stay with her, it was the purpose given to my life just years after I was born."
"Before, yesterday, you talked about a promise with her, was it this promise from the dream?"
"I promised to stay with her until I died. And I did die. After my soul was brought back I still stayed with her for a while, but things were different, the situation had changed. After my death, she had locked herself in sorrow. Then the Goddess' messenger appeared, making a promise to her that I could be brought back with the Goddess' power, in exchange for her devotion. Lady Bleaumenaux promptly agreed. When I awoke in someone else's body, I saw her looking at me with those little horns on her head and I just didn't know what to think or feel. At first I just stayed by her side, like I was told to, but I started realizing that her horns weren't the only thing that had changed, she had really took in the teachings of the Goddess, and alongside the Goddess' messenger, she was changing things in Slatina. Lady Bleaumenaux felt like she was in a mission, and I felt like I was there only to serve as emotional support, brought from the afterlife, living in someone else's body, in place of a life that was not mine to use. The Goddess' messenger spoke to me after some time had passed, saying that I would be invaluable in the future of our nation. I'm sure Lady Bleaumenaux only wanted to keep me at her side, but I can't give her that anymore, this is not my life, I fulfilled my promised and died protecting her, I can't pretend it didn't happen and try to lead a new life in someone's else body. So I made her a new promise, to help her on the mission of spreading the religion to the whole nation. I started fighting in the front lines in the Liberation Army, and I was turned into captain of my own unit."
"And you died again in the war."
"My recklessness costed another life, but I'm still here, still bound to this bracelet, and now I'm with you. The only one who can release me from it is the Goddess. And so, I will fulfill my promise of bringing the religion to the nation."
Reiken spends the rest of the time thinking about Hokuto's story and determination, he doesn't know if he should get in Hokuto's way of accomplishing his mission and claim control of his own body, or just let him do what he wants. But Reiken knows that the truth is that ever since Hokuto started controlling his body, good things happened, and he wants to see what more he achieves. Hokuto also didn't continue to speak, and while Reiken was left thinking, he returned to his sleep.

***

"Right or wrong are just perspectives"

Many people feel lost in their lives if left without some form of guidance, purpose, or leadership. The people of Bregoi found guidance in the words of a small group of young men, words that brought meaning where there was none, words that taught values that were forgotten. The strength of hope was reborn inside their hearts. They were united under one purpose, things made more sense, their neighbors were no longer strangers, but companions sharing the same pain, all thanks to words that were spoken. United and full of hope, they defeated their oppressors, against the odds. Many lives were lost, but their deaths were not considered in vain, a new order was born.
When captain Dreek arrived at the village in Bregoi with his missionaries, they tried preaching about their goddess, trying to teach new ideals, trying to give them a new purpose. They were laughed at and completely ignored. Both sides have grown to believe in one faith, their own truth, both thought they were right, and greatly rejected each other. Idiots, what do they know, they thought, and during one argument, tolerance faded and turned into violence. Enraged as he was mocked, believing to be the one who was right, captain Dreek ordered his unit to attack the village.
When talking about ideals, there is never just one right course. There are things in our lives that feel so precious and important, that it's hard to understand or accept how someone else can so greatly devalue it, but we will always meet people that are so different that we won't be able to comprehend them. We can advise, but we can't force ideals on others. We can't force the same importance we give to things. Many conflicts arise because people are unable to see through other's perspectives, it takes great wisdom and patience to do so.

* * * * *

Chapter 3

The great meeting

In the next day, Duchess Lin Bleaumenaux, Hokuto, General Albert and just a few more people travel to the place where the meeting between all the dukes will happen. This meeting always happens in an old fort, in the middle of a great plains, on neutral territory, a territory that lies in the middle between all the others, agreed to remain neutral and untouched, a place where the dukes can all safely meet. This small fort is one of the first constructions built ever since the arrival of the Royan family and founding of this nation. It has good visibility of all sides from the top, so it becomes impossible for anyone to approach unseen.
They arrive at the fort after travelling for several hours. Guards at the entrance direct them to personal chambers that each duke has. Awhile after, a messenger arrives to warn them the exact time that the meeting will take place. At the appointed time, Duchess Bleaumenaux goes to the meeting walking through a corridor followed by Albert and Hokuto behind her. Bleaumenaux is nervous, but she tries to walk with pride. It has been years since the last meeting between dukes, Bleaumenaux's father was the duke of Slatina at that time.
She stops near the door for an instant and looks at Hokuto. He looks at her with encouraging eyes and nods, which is more than enough to give her confidence. She opens the door and enters the great meeting room, located at the middle of the fort, surrounded by several doors connected to other corridors. There is a big round table at the middle, where all the dukes are already sit, Duchess Bleaumenaux is the last to arrive, and when everyone looks at her, they make expressions of surprise on their faces.
"Horns?" Says one of the dukes, with slender and young looks.
She slowly walks towards her chair without saying anything. Albert and Hokuto aren't supposed to come any closer, they wait by the wall next to the door they just came in, every respective escorts to the other dukes are doing the same, in pairs, standing by the wall. Hokuto notices that Bee and Marck are also in the room, by the wall behind Duke Jesse. There are seven chairs around the table, and two of them are empty. After Duchess Bleaumenaux sits, she is questioned again.
"These horns have grown as a symbol of my faith and devotion to the Goddess."
"Goddess?" Another man asks, one that looks the oldest in the room.
"A woman appeared in Slatina who could hear the words of the Goddess speaking to her. She taught us about the Goddess' existence, a superior being that transcends our mortal selves. These horns grow as proof of our devotion."
Duke Jesse is staring at Hokuto, and has been since he entered the room. He finds it hard to imagine that the man by the wall is the same man that trained with him for the past month, he may not be carrying his weapons, and his clothes are different, but he knows that face well, and that unique bracelet. Hokuto is just maintaining a straight posture, looking at Duchess Bleaumenaux, but for a moment he also looks back at Duke Jesse, who turns even more confused. Duke Jesse feels that this man's expression, attitude, everything about him seem different, especially his eyes, but he can't tell from the distance. Then he notices he isn't listening to what the other dukes are saying, so decides to turn his attention back to the table.
"This thing about a goddess is really hard to conceive."
"Should we be spending our time talking about her horns? I believe we came to discuss the future of our nation." Another man says calmly.
"You're not surprised by it?"
"I heard about it, and I'm sure we'll get to that later, but it isn't the main topic of our meeting, is it?"
"You're right, let's get to the main reason of our meeting. I am Roberto Royan, duke of Horegu, I'm the one who called upon this meeting. There are plenty of new faces here, so I think everyone else should also introduce themselves."
Duke Roberto Royan is the eldest in the room, with white hair, and is taking the lead in the meeting. They all start introducing themselves in clockwise order. Next to Roberto Royan is an empty chair, and after that is a man with a serious and merciless look, a muscular body and seem to be little over forty years old.
"I am Seigan Larx, duke of Salonta."
Next is a woman that seem to be closer to thirty years old. She doesn't look fragile like Bleumenaux does, she has a serious tone, but kindness can be sensed in her voice.
"My name is Mira Royan, duchess of Suceava, daughter of Martino Royan, the former duke."
"I am Lin Bleaumenaux, duchess of Slatina, daughter of Ren Royan. He didn't want to pass on the Royan name to me."
Some of them frown at what she said, but Duke Jesse continues without minding it.
"I am called Jesse, I'm the current duke of Bregoi."
"What's your last name?" Roberto Royan asks.
"It's just Jesse."
The last man, at Roberto's left side, seem to be slightly younger than thirty years old, he speaks in a way that seem calm and well educated, giving a strong impression of nobility.
"My name is Richard Ney, the duke of Seini."
"I'm glad to see everyone here, except for Romero Royan, duke of Dorohoi, who is the main reason for our meeting today. But before we get to that subject, I've really been wanting to ask, tell us, Jesse, what happened at Bregoi?" Duke Roberto continues to take the lead in the meeting.
"There isn't much to say here. The former duke was undeserving of its people, so me and a few other great friends were able to create a revolution against him. We won, and took control of Bregoi."
"Tell me, how old are you?"
"I'm twenty three years old, sir." Duke Jesse addresses Roberto like a young man would address an older one.
"Impressive. It's true that it is within the laws created upon the foundation of our nation that each duke must mind his own territory, and take on the consequences of his actions, without the intervention of the other territories. You're allowed to take in the position of duke if the people are acknowledging you as so. Within these same laws, war against territories is forbidden, unless it's required and agreed by everyone. Therefore going back to the main topic, Duchess Lin Bleaumenaux has broken an important law of our nation by attacking Dorohoi with her army."
"My territory was given the knowledge and wisdom of the Goddess, having turned into a much better place. When we tried to share this knowledge diplomatically with Dorohoi, Duke Romero spat on our faces. Romero didn't care about its people, he just wanted to maintain his power and influence. Going to war against him ended up being the only way."
"That doesn't justify your acts. The problems of Dorohoi are problems of Dorohoi. If Duke Romero was such a bad leader that he had to be dealt with, that should have been a decision taken here, at this table."
"We were given a mission. A mission that I intend to accomplish. The only way to bring lasting peace to our nation is by bringing the teachings of the Goddess to everyone."
"I still find this Goddess thing rather hard to accept. If it wasn't for these horns coming out of your head, it would be impossible to take you seriously," Richard Ney comments.
"Did your Goddess also teach you to attack innocent villagers living in peace?" Jesse says to Lin Bleaumenaux with a very angry tone.
Everyone looks surprised and interested in what Duke Jesse just said.
"That was... a mistake. One of our captains did that, but he took actions on his own. I assure you he will be punished for what happened."
"And you expect me to just let it go because of that? That only he gets punished and it's fine like that? Aren't you the one that made that man a captain? Wasn't he entering our territory and acting because of this goddess? You are all to blame, him, you, and your goddess."
"You dare insult the Goddess?"
"Dare? This is barely a dare, and not even an insult. An insult would be to say your goddess is stupid. We don't need any god to tell us how to live our lives."
"My territory became a much better and peaceful place thanks to the guidance of the Goddess. This guidance could help our whole nation in becoming a better place. You do not understand what you're talking about."
"Oh I understand it well."
"I agree that our nation is in terrible shape. There is chaos in every territory," Mira Royan comments.
"This is due to your weak laws. If you want to really guide the people, you only need to show them strength, and have the will to take action," Seigan Larx says.
"Says the man known for being cruel and merciless. I can imagine how peaceful Salonta really is," Richard Ney talks back to him.
"You've waged war against Bregoi and you've attacked a village from Dorohoi as well? Do you plan to eventually start a war with all of us?" Roberto Royan cuts in and asks Lin Bleaumenaux.
"I don't want to wage war against anyone. But I will unite this land under the guidance of the Goddess, even if war becomes the only way to do it. The chaos in our nation must end."
Hokuto felt impressed by Lin Bleaumenaux's conviction, she is definitely different from the woman he died protecting, but he is also disappointed with how she said it, being too aggressive.
"I think it is clear to know what to expect from you. Your attitude is a threat to our nation and the laws on which it was created. You should be removed from your position of duchess, along with all your counselors. Does everyone else agree?"
"What?"
"Yes." Duke Jesse agrees almost immediately.
"No."
"No."
"... No."
Seigan Larx and Mira Royan readily disagreed, and Richard Ney disagreed after giving it some thought. Roberto looks at Richard with a look of disapproval.
"You're taking it too far," Richard says.
"Surely you all don't prefer to just let her be, then," Roberto asks.
"No, we can't let her be, but like the guy here said, we don't need to go through such length," Seigan Larx says.
"We should be helping each other, not fighting. I've been thinking a lot about our situation, and I don't think our nation will ever achieve real peace if we don't unite our efforts," Mira says.
"We only need to give people the proper education, a good example for them to follow. Everyone is trying to live their lives in the way they can, of course they will steal, or even kill if that's the only way of getting what they need. The people are how they are today because of what the past dukes did to them," Jesse says.
"You're giving too much credit to the people. Greed comes naturally, you won't change that with education," says Seigan Larx.
"That is why the people should be taught about the Goddess. With her teachings, we will stop the greed and bring peace to men's hearts," Lin Bleaumenaux says.
"Hum," Mira Royan voices herself thinking.
"I do not trust this thing about a goddess, and I never will. The people of Dorohoi have fought bravely to conquer the peace we have today, and I will continue to fight to maintain that peace. We don't need guidance from any transcendent being or whatever. If I see any of your horned fanatics stepping in Dorohoi, we will show no hospitality," says Jesse.
"If you all don't want to remove Duchess Lin Bleaumenaux from her leadership, then at least we should force the people of Slatina out of the other territories for the time being," Roberto Royan suggests.
"That I can agree with, old man," says Seigan Larx.
"Watch how you address me, Duke!" Roberto says angry.
"Yes, I agree with it as well. People with horns... that is a big change, we can't let your people roam free anymore until we fully understand what this is all about," says Richard Ney.
"The horns only grow for the people that have accepted the Goddess and declared their devotion. It's not something we can force on anyone, it's a choice made by each individual."
"I, for one, want to know more about this thing of an existence of a goddess," says Mira Royan.
"But what is going to be of Dorohoi now? With the people of Slatina being forced to leave it, that territory will be plunged into chaos," says Richard Ney.
"I say Duchess Lin Bleaumenaux should free Romero and let him take control of it back," Roberto Royan suggests.
"No, Romero was a terrible man, selfish and uncaring. I at least agree with Duchess Lin Bleaumenaux that that territory is better without him," says Mira.
"I also agree, Romero can rot in a cell for all I care. You Royans have only brought misery to our nation," says Seigan Larx.
"You dare insult the family that founded this nation? You better start showing some respect, Duke, I won't repeat myself!" Roberto is angry again.
"Look, Roberto, how many Royans do you see here today? Even that lady's father preferred not to pass on the Royan name to her. Why do you think he did that?"
"Let's not fight and stick to the matter at hand, please." Richard Ney cuts in before Roberto Royan could answer.
"Then how about we put a few chosen leaders in Dorohoi to maintain some control in it," Seigan Larx suggests.
"No! We can't have any of us having more control than what we already have. If Romero can't return, then Dorohoi should be left to the people of Dorohoi. Eventually someone will rise to become the next duke and lead the people," Roberto says.
"But we can't just immediately leave Dorohoi as it is now," Richard Ney says.
"I'll take on the responsibility of helping Dorohoi. I was the one that started the war, and my people are already there. I'll give Dorohoi all the resources it needs, and rebuild anything that we've destroyed. I didn't attack Dorohoi for more power."
"Very noble of you, as long as you leave afterwards, I won't argue," Seigan Larx says.
"I can agree to this as well," says Richard Ney.
"I don't agree, I think it would be a mistake to leave Dorohoi to those horned people," Jesse says.
"I agree, she is saying she will help Dorohoi and leave afterwards, I have no objections," Mira Royan says.
"If that is what the majority decided, so be it. But her people can only stay for two months, and I will send some of my men to check on Dorohoi and observe what the people of Slatina are doing. Everyone else here is free to do the same. If Duchess Lin Bleaumenaux refuses to leave after two months, then I want everyone here to agree to force her out together."
"Sounds reasonable," says Seigan Larx.
Everyone else nods in agreement.
"Are we done, then?" Bleaumenaux asks impatiently.
"No, we are not done," Roberto Royan answers.
"Oh, I think we are, we've already resolved the matter of our meeting here, don't you think? I'm leaving. Until next time, gentlemen, ladies," Seigan Larx says sounding a little sarcastic.
"Good bye everyone," Lin Bleaumenaux also dismisses herself.
Roberto Royan looks dissatisfied, but Duchess Lin Bleaumenaux and Duke Seigan Larx get up from their chairs and leave the room taking their own way. Hokuto and Albert also leave behind her. Duke Roberto Royan, Duchess Mira Royan, Duke Richard Ney and Duke Jesse continue to be seated and discuss things.

***

Discussing the next step

After passing the night at the fort, Duchess Lin Bleaumenaux, General Albert, Hokuto and the few others with them, journey back to the fort-city Rom in Dorohoi. There they have a meeting with all the counselors present that came from Slatina. Duchess Bleaumenaux explains to them what was demanded to her in the meeting with the other dukes. The discussion progresses with commentaries coming from all sides. Hokuto is the only person in the room that doesn't have horns.
"We lost so many soldiers while occupying Dorohoi, and now we have to abandon everything we fought for?"
"We can't defend ourselves against the other territories if we don't comply to the demands. We can't fight even one territory in the situation we are in now, because of all the losses that we took."
"Our mission is not over. We did not come here to abandon Dorohoi without having accomplished anything."
"We don't have much of a choice."
"Do not forget that our true mission is only to bring knowledge of the Goddess to the whole nation."
"If we remove our forces, the control of the cities will go back to the nobles and lords, and this territory will go back to what it used to be."
"We can't let this happen, we need to maintain control over Dorohoi somehow. We need infiltrated leaders in the cities."
"But Roberto Royan said he would send people to watch us, if he hasn't already. It's possible he might already have spies in the cities before we even got here."
"But a new duke should arise within a few months, if only this leader is on our side, faithful to the Goddess, then our effort won't have been in vain. From there, we can continue to extend the Goddess influence to the rest of the nation."
"But this new duke has to be someone from Dorohoi. We should work on getting influence on the next probable duke, turn him into our ally."
At this moment a great idea comes to Hokuto. He steps closer to make his presence more noticeable and speaks his mind.
"I can be that duke!" Everyone looks at Hokuto surprised. "The owner of this body is from Dorohoi. He is a citizen from a big city of Dorohoi, a city that I freed from bandits. The people there would probably accept me as their lord if I try to become so."
"Oh... that would be perfect. If Hokuto somehow manages to become the duke of Dorohoi, this territory would be allied to Slatina, and the others wouldn't even know. We and the people of the Liberation Army are the only ones that know about the bracelet. With the effort of both territories, it would become a lot easier to bring the teachings of the Goddess to the rest of the nation."
"You want to trust this to Hokuto? Even if he does become lord of one city, it doesn't mean he can become duke of Dorohoi after that."
"I don't trust him either. I don't trust anyone without horns."
"How dare you speak that way about Hokuto!" Duchess Bleamenaux intervenes with an angry voice.
"I'm sorry, my lady." The man bows to her.
"Hokuto has been by Lady Bleaumenaux's side since she was a little child. He protected and helped her for his entire life. There is nobody that I trust more than him." General Albert's voice gives him a strong presence.
"I like this plan. Who else agrees with it?" One of the counselors lifts one hand.
There are many counselors that don't agree, but most of them agree with Hokuto's idea of letting him try to become the next duke of Dorohoi.
"Now that this is decided, we should proceed our discussion on how to accomplish this plan."
"Like I said, even if he does become lord of a city, there is no guarantee that he can become duke."
"He'll need all the help we can give."
"But all our men have horns and that calls for a lot of attention, if they find out Hokuto is connected to us, our plan will be finished, Roberto Royan will make sure to ruin it."
"But we cant simply let Hokuto be and expect him to do everything by himself."
"Then we should start recruiting people to help him that are already from this territory, persuade them to be on our side in secret."
"That seems hard."
"It seems possible, we still have two months to do it."
"Before we leave we also have to amplify the Goddess' influence in Dorohoi, we must use this time to build small churches and train disciples that will continue to spread the word of the Goddess. Her influence will grow naturally over time."
"Two months is just too little. If that damn Royan hadn't threatened us, we wouldn't have problems."
"There is no use in complaining about the time we have, we need to work hard to accomplish the goals we set here today, and we need to do it with as much subtlety as we can."
"Alright, then it is decided. Let's take a break for now, then later we'll discuss the steps to take and assign everyone to their jobs. You're all dismissed."
Every man and woman bow to Duchess Bleaumenaux and start leaving the hall. Hokuto stands next to Bleaumenaux waiting until everyone has left to start speaking to her.
"My lady, it's best that I stop involving myself with you and the Liberation Army as soon as possible. We have to avoid people discovering that I'm directly related to Slatina. From now on I'm going to try to look like a commoner from Dorohoi."
"But how are we going to get in touch with you?"
"When you find a reliable messenger that we can use, send him to Destonea and deliver the message to Reiken, do not forget this name."
Bleaumenaux and Hokuto stay silent for some time just looking at each other, then Hokuto kneels before her.
"Goodbye, my lady."
"Hokuto."
Hokuto could hear the sorrow on her voice. He gets up showing a subtle smile, and stares directly into her eyes, as if to tell her to not be sad. Her beautiful eyes are getting moist, and start to shine intensely. Hokuto feels an urge to hug her tight, but decides not to, instead he turns and leaves the hall, leaving her alone. He wonders to himself when will be the next time that he will see her again.

***

Meet John

After leaving the manor, Reiken and Hokuto start to talk to each other.
"Duke of Dorohoi... " Reiken speaks thinking to himself.
"Yes."
"If I can become duke of Dorohoi, I'm going to be just like Jesse."
"You mean we. But it won't be easy."
"What should we do now?"
"I think I should use this time we have to travel around Dorohoi, meet the people, find out who can become our allies, and who will become our enemies."
"Do you think we can really do this?"
"I said it won't be easy." Hokuto pauses for a few seconds. "Reiken, until now I've dragged you around by my will, but I will ask this of you appropriately. I'm going to need your help to accomplish this objective, I'm using your body, but you're the person that the people will be looking at, it's your name that they will know. Together we can become duke of Dorohoi, can I count on you?"
"Duke of Dorohoi... ha ha... ha ha ha," Reiken laughs in pleasure at the thought, "it's amazing, to think, that only a few months ago, I was drowned in agony, not caring about my life, believing that life had no purpose and the world made no sense. So much has happened, in so little time. Now there is the possibility of me becoming the duke of a territory. Of course you can count on me."
Hokuto feels glad that Reiken is so excited, it gives him a lot more confidence as well. It's already night, so Hokuto looks for some place to sleep. In the next day, soon after waking up he leaves the fort-city without saying anything to anyone. As he leaves, Reiken starts talking.
"I have a suggestion on where to go, about something that has been disturbing me. I don't like how things stayed between me and Jesse."
"He seem to have anger towards every person with horns now because of what Dreek did."
"Do you think there is something we could do to fix our relation?"
"It should be hard, he probably noticed it was you in the meeting between all the dukes too. Either way, fixing your relationship with him isn't a priority right now."
"Let me try to speak to him, I never tried to trick him into anything, all I said about me was the truth."
"Hum... maybe risking a conversation wouldn't do any harm. And if we are going to do it, it might as well be now since we are close to the borders with Bregoi."
"Can we go then?"
"I'd rather not, but if you want it so much, we can try, but let's not waste too much of our time."
Hokuto begins to travel towards Bregoi, he believes he should reach its first village by nightfall, the one that was recently attacked. While they travel, they talk to each other about many things, their lives, their opinions. Hokuto is more interested in Reiken's life now, and he also tells him about many of his experiences. They have a satisfying journey, keeping each other an unusual kind of company. As predicted they reach the village at night, but something feels immediately wrong with it. The village is dead silent, so silent you can only hear the wind, and the leaves being taken by it. Hokuto looks up at the moon, it is distant now, barely in view because of a dense fog.
"What happened here?"
"The whole place seem so... dead."
It is very, very strange. The village was attacked only a few days ago, and though many houses were burned, the rain stopped them from being completely destroyed, and though many people died, it couldn't have been so many to just abandon the place. But now it feels like a ghost village, enveloped by an unusual darkness. Hokuto walks trying to understand the cause of it being completely abandoned, and without realizing, he is now next to the lake in the middle of the village, the place where they fought the strange creature in the attack. The lake has a dark, dark color, usually it would be reflecting the shining light of the moon, but its great shine isn't reaching them. He feels compelled to come closer to the shore, like there is a presence there, calling for him. He stares at the dark water and starts to hear strange angry voices inside his head, voices speaking of pain and horrors, but he isn't afraid of them, instead he feels hypnotized. His eyes suddenly turn brown and Reiken walks even closer to the lake. He kneels next to the water and extends his left hand towards it, submerging it in the cold water, along with the bracelet. Suddenly the voices get louder, screaming, he feels like his head is getting hammered by sounds. He squeezes his eyes tight and put his hands on his ears, trying to endure the screams. After a few seconds, the screaming stop, and it becomes silent once again. He slowly opens his eyes, which are now, red.

***

The story of the nation

The unnamed nation of the seven territories is still fairly new, being only three centuries old. It is currently being led by the tenth generation of the first arriving family, the Royans. It was a very big family of influential nobles that held great riches, and like other families before them, decided to travel the new world, looking for land to claim or conquer, taking many people with them. They reached a land where they decided to build a nation, dividing it in seven territories, one for each member of the family, giving themselves the title of dukes. They started building towns and cities using the people that served them, and the land began to grow rapidly. Many people seeking a new life came to their claimed territories to become their citizens. They created some laws to encourage the nation's growth. One of these laws was to always provide free passage to the citizens travelling through the territories, to promote free trade of goods and information. Another law created was that each duke could lead their territory in any way they saw fit, but they would have to handle the consequences of their actions. The dukes of each territory would periodically gather to discuss the future of their nation, its current situation, and to learn from each other. They also created a law that they could never wage war against each other for personal gain. If there ever had to be war, maybe because of a particular duke being a problem to all the others, it would be decided in their meetings, and would be voted by all the dukes. But despite all these laws, the reality felt like they were actually just competing against each other for dominance using only their leadership. Today, only two dukes still retain the Royan name, considering that Romero Royan is not a duke anymore.
The territory of Seini, now led by Richard Ney, was the first territory that declared war upon another. Its former duke, a Royan, wanted to build an imperialist nation. He had the strongest army of the nation, alongside brilliant strategists. He attacked the territory of Horegu, led by Roberto Royan, and was only stopped because Roberto was able to convince the other dukes to help him. Richard Ney was appointed as the new duke of Seini after that.
The second case of war between territories was the very recent war between Slatina and Dorohoi. Although Dorohoi has always been considered to be one of the most chaotic territories, the real intention of Lin Bleaumenaux is only to propagate their new found religion to the rest of the nation, something she considers a sacred mission given to her. But she was not allowed to maintain control of both territories, Roberto Royan made sure that she wouldn't. In only two months, she has to remove herself and her army from Dorohoi, a time that should be used to re-establish some order, or else the opportunists bandits would have their way with anything they wanted. But after that time is past, she has to leave the territory to itself. The natives of Dorohoi will then compete on their own to elect a new duke. Who will rise to become the new duke of Dorohoi? All eyes are turned to this territory, since this new leader might change the future outcome of the whole nation.

* * * * *

Chapter 4

A man is reborn

A big state of confusion suddenly envelops the man with red eyes, he starts to panic, looking at every direction, thinking danger could come at any moment, but he sees nothing, the place is silent and empty. He isn't sure of where he is, what is happening, or why he feels this way, but slowly, memories are returning to him. He is remembering who he is, what happened and what he was doing, he starts to recognize the place he is in, and notice the state it is now. As his brain manages to make sense of the situation, he suddenly feels a big sharp pain in his chest. He is overcome by great sorrow, and falls down to his knees, screaming as loud as his lungs allow. He screams until he exhausts himself, and then he curls up in the floor and cries to the depth of his soul, for a long time. At some point he starts to slowly calm down, until he falls asleep.
In his dreams, there is a strong man with muscular arms, that seem to be around forty years old, carrying an axe in one of his shoulders. A beautiful woman appears rushing towards the man, he lays down his axe and opens his arms to hug her, wearing a big smile on his face. They seem happy as they look upon each other, and then they share a deep kiss. Lost in the kiss, the man takes some time to notice that suddenly the woman was not kissing him back. He turns to look upon her, and he sees her open eyes showing no sign of life, she is just being held in his arms like a doll. He starts to feel desperate, he shakes her and calls for her name trying to deny what he sees. After finally accepting the situation, he just hugs her firmly and cries. Then he hears the voices of men and women laughing. He looks around and sees different people with horns all looking at him and laughing, but their faces are blurred. The man falls to his knees and presses his hands on his head as deep hate starts to boil inside him. He just looks at the ground trying to endure his rage, but the laughter gets louder and louder, and his hate keeps building up. His heart is pounding so hard that he can feel pain from it, his body is getting hot, and suddenly he sees his hands in front of him changing shape, the veins are sticking out, his nails are getting bigger, and his skin is getting darker. At this moment the man with red eyes wakes up screaming. He quickly raises his hands to his face, expecting to see them like those in the dream, but instead he sees hands that he doesn't recognize. He feels confused.
"This has become a problem."
"Who's there? Who said that?" The man in control of Reiken's body says this while looking around him.
"My name is Hokuto, and you're in Reiken's body. Our souls are bound to the bracelet we are using, we share this body through its power."
"Unbelievable, what are we going to do now?" The man hears another voice.
"This must be a joke. Sharing bodies? This is ridiculous."
"Is it? Go take a look at yourself then."
Although the man is denying what he heard, he decides to still do what the voice suggested. He gets up from the ground and moves closer to the lake right beside him. Being early in the morning, the man can easily look upon his reflection, but the person staring back surprises him. It is the face of a young man that he thinks he never met, but after a few seconds, he starts to recognize it.
"I... remember this face. I was fighting you and... you... you killed me!"
"So you're really the strange creature me and Jesse fought against?"
"Strange creature?"
"You didn't look much like a man to me."
"I..." the man starts to force his memory to remember what happened, "I remember hearing a voice. It asked me... if I wanted revenge, if I wanted strength. It told me to promise something, I did and my body started to change. I felt good, stronger, but so much anger."
"What is your name?" Hokuto asks.
"It's... John. John Burwel."
"Well, John. I don't know how this was possible, I don't fully understand how this bracelet works, but it seems you're stuck with us now. I should ask the Goddess' messenger on how to release you when I return to Slatina, but right now, I have a mission I want to accomplish, and I expect you to not get in the way."
Their eyes turn from red to blue.
"What just happened?"
"His dream was strangely subjective, though," Reiken ignores John's question and talks to Hokuto.
"Yeah, there's something off about it, I can't believe Dreek's unit would do something like that. Dreek has always been an arrogant man, but he isn't cruel, his dream must have distorted the facts."
"Dreek... that... bastard."
Hokuto starts to feel his body getting hotter, and suddenly his eyes turn back red.
"John, calm down. Do not concern yourself with this."
"I remember that name. That bastard." Suddenly something comes to John's mind, and he starts to laugh hysterically at it. "Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Guess I just got a second chance to kill him."
"You can't do that. That would become a great problem to us."
But John doesn't pay the least attention to what Hokuto said, he just smiles at the chance he feels he was granted, feeling like he found the purpose to what just happened. He looks around him and finds his great axe still lying in the ground near the lake. He takes the weapon in hands and starts walking back towards Dorohoi.

***

"Revenge is a dish best served cold"

"John, stop!" Hokuto is trying to convince John to give up his intentions.
"Stop bothering me, your voices are irritating."
"Can't you stop him?" Reiken asks Hokuto.
"His will is too strong, I feel he has a lot of hate inside of him."
"Yeah, I feel it too."
"Am I going to have to hear you two on my head all the time?"
"On YOUR head? This is MY body!"
"Relax, I'm just borrowing it for awhile."
"You can't chase after Dreek, you're going to ruin our plans," Hokuto says.
"This is not my problem."
"Damn it, he is making us waste our time, we didn't come to Bregoi to just turn around and head back," Reiken says.
John proceeded to where he wanted to go completely disregarding everything being told. All he could think of was his strong desire, his vengeance, his chance to finish what he wasn't able to before dying. He arrives at the river which marks the division between Bregoi and Dorohoi. While crossing the long stone bridge, he sees a caravan of merchants coming his way. The caravan stops right next to him but the men riding it aren't looking at him. John looks back at the direction that they are looking and sees plenty of men blocking the end of the bridge, and when he turns his head back to where he wants to go, he sees more men appearing, also blocking his path. These men start to get closer to them from both sides.
"If you want to live, throw down any weapons you have and leave us your merchandise," one of the men shouts.
The merchant caravan next to John has three men on it. He hears them talking something to each other, and the three men get off and throw down their weapons on the floor.
"Excellent, obedient, no one has to get hurt that way."
"What about this other man?" One of the bandits asks the one in charge while pointing at John.
"Hum." The man comes closer to take a better look upon the young warrior. "I can't figure what the deal is with this one. He looks too young to really be a warrior able to use that many weapons. And he's half well dressed and half poorly dressed."
"Maybe a noble trying to pass as a commoner?"
"A noble travelling alone? Seems unlikely."
"I'm nobody, really." John says to them.
"You don't look like a nobody, maybe he really is a noble attempting to disguise himself."
"So what do we do?"
"Let's take him, who knows we might actually fetch some good money with him."
John suddenly realises that Hokuto has been trying to talk to him, but before he could answer, Hokuto finally manages to take control of the body, turning his eyes blue. He instantly changes his facial expression, looking menacing, ready to enter a fight, and he places his hand on his spear strapped to his back.
"Whoa whoa, don't try anything brave, kid, you don't stand any chance."
"Hokuto, there are at least ten men around us, I think it's best to not fight back," Reiken says.
"But Reiken, we can't be captured now. What do you think is going to happen to us?" Hokuto tries to whisper to him.
"I don't know, but we might be alright."
Hokuto squeezes the spear in his hand while thinking, he tries to calm down and better evaluate his situation. The bandits are looking serious at him. He decided to throw his weapon down on the floor, along with the axe and both swords.
"Good."
One of the bandits picks up all his weapons, and the others come closer to tie Hokuto, they all know what to do without having anyone tell them, they must have done this many other times. Hokuto's arms are tied pretty tight. Meanwhile, other men were checking the caravan and holding off the three men that were on it.
"Not bad, there are plenty of good stuff here, you three really wanted to transport all this without guards? You are pretty bold," a man says while looking inside the caravan. "You three can leave now, we don't need anything else from you." 
The three men are released and they run back towards the way they came. The bandits are looking pretty happy and satisfied. They quickly get everything ready to leave with the caravan before anyone else comes, but before they do so, one man approaches Hokuto and puts a cloth sack on his head, impending his vision.

***

Imprisoned

Hokuto is being pushed and pulled around by the bandits, with his hands tied and unable to see where he is going, constantly tripping on parts of an irregular terrain. He is able to tell the direction they are headed judging by where the sun is hitting his body, and that it's not plain land, they are slightly moving up. The way the bandits talk give away a few hints on the kind of people they are. The way they seem so cheerful is hurting Hokuto's pride. 'This John... how could this happen?' he thinks to himself. He tries to pay attention to the bandits to see if they let slip important information, but they don't say anything relevant.
"How lucky did we get. We got a bunch of good stuff, and we'll probably collect good money with this boy."
"Yeah, and it was so easy. The people must be really careless because of the war the two territories have been fighting."
"Or maybe they just can't afford to hire as many guards to protect them."
"Maybe even the nobles are losing their money with all the conflicts."
"Nah, they probably thought they wouldn't have to worry about us again because of all the time that passed."
"Anyway, we got pretty lucky today."
"Yeah, ha ha!"
They laugh all agreeing to each other. After a couple of hours travelling they arrive at their destination, but for Hokuto it felt like it was a lot longer than that, because he couldn't see his other senses were heightened. Hokuto starts to listen to sounds that seem to come from a village, and when they get closer, he hears people greeting the bandits that took him there. He is quickly taken inside some place. They put a chain on his feet that is attached to the wall. Finally, they remove the cloth sack from his head. It's a small building made of wood, that has nothing in it but three chains in the walls to imprison the people in.
"We'll be back soon."
The bandits leave the young warrior at his prison. There aren't any other doors besides the entrance, and it might not be locked, but Hokuto can't move past half the room with the chain on his leg. There are two small windows at the prison, with iron bars in it, positioned too high to be able to see straight, facing the side opposite to the village he is in, so he can't see anything from them, he can only see that he is in a mountainous area. Without much of a choice on what to do, Hokuto decides to just sit down and rest. To his surprise, the floor isn't very dirty, which means it must be regularly cleaned, even though it's only a prison.
"It didn't take long for John to get us in trouble," Reiken says.
"Shut up, kid. This thing is not going to stop me."
"We have more important things to accomplish besides your senseless vengeance," Hokuto adds.
"What things? Who are you two anyway?"
"Oh so NOW you decide to ask, huh?" Reiken says sarcastically.
"I am called Hokuto," he just answers the question, Hokuto feels it's meaningless to pick a fight amongst themselves. "I'm originally from the Slatina territory, and now I'm here with Reiken, with the objective of becoming the next duke of Dorohoi."
"I suffered a lot over the years in this wretched place, nothing would make me feel better than becoming a duke and ending the misery that Dorohoi goes through."
"You? A duke?"
"Yeah, what's the problem?"
"Are you serious?"
"Yes, we are," Hokuto answers.
They continue to talk and after half an hour is past, three men that were among the ones in the ambush at the bridge appear to interrogate the young warrior. The man that appears to be the leader, that was always making the decisions, is among them. This man has an attitude that demonstrates a strong presence.
"What is your name, kid?"
"Tell them your name, Reiken," Hokuto whispers while looking sideways, and his eyes turn brown.
"It's Reiken."
"Just Reiken? What family do you belong to? Who are your parents?"
"I'm an orphan."
"Bullshit!" The man yells. "What orphan at your age goes around carrying four weapons, and a decent amount of money, like you do? And with a bracelet like that one, you must be some kind of noble."
"I'm not a noble, I come from a very humble family."
"Then how did you get all this stuff?"
Reiken doesn't know how to answer them and just stays silent.
"It's obvious that you're lying," a different man says.
"Look, kid. We don't intend to hurt you, if you want to get released, then we need to know whom to ask for the payment to your release. If you cooperate this will become a lot easier."
Reiken still doesn't say anything.
"Ok, fine. If you don't want to say anything now, you can stay here until you start feeling like it. It's getting late and we have other stuff to do. If you still don't feel like telling us something later, we can take this conversation to a next level, if you know what I mean. Try to reflect on that."
The three men leave the place, leaving the young warrior to himself. It's getting dark, and nobody comes back again on that day. Reiken is extremely hungry, having eaten nothing the entire day. After the sun fully sets, they are left in darkness, with only the two small windows to provide a little light.
"What are we going to do?" Reiken asks.
"If they move to the cities looking for people interested in our release, using only the description they have of you, it's probable that these news will reach Lady Bleaumenaux. If she hears that I'm imprisoned, she might end up doing something."
"Oh, then it's fine, we just need to wait for this lady to release you." John says.
"No, it's not fine, this is a problem, we aren't supposed to depend on her, people can't discover we are linked to her."
"Why? Who is she?"
Hokuto stays silent.
"Hum." Reiken voices that he is thinking.
"Anyway," Hokuto says, "it's no use to worry too much about it now. Maybe it's still possible that we can convince them to release us or something, but for now we should just rest."
"There is something the two of you aren't telling me. Who are you exactly, and who is this 'lady'?"
"You don't need to know about it."
"If you are not going to tell me, then it might be easier that I just mention this woman to the bandits next time they come, what was her name again? Bleaume... naux?"
Hokuto and Reiken stay silent thinking for a moment, and Hokuto decides to reveal more details.
"Lady Bleaumenaux is the duchess of Slatina. I was one of the captains in the Liberation Army, which fought against the army of former duke Romero Royan of Dorohoi."
"Captain of the Liberation Army? You mean the same as that bastard Dreek?" John's anger makes him suddenly take control of the body.
"What Dreek did was not approved by anyone else. He is now arrested for his imprudence."
"You're part of those horned freaks that destroyed my village?"
"I would've never taken part in such act."
"It doesn't matter to me, that man deserves more than just punishment. If you are part of that horned scum, you can help me find him. My woman is dead now because of him. When I find him, I'm going to torture that man for hours. Oh his death is going to be soooo slow."
"You should abandon this idea of vengeance, we have more important things to do."
"Screw what you have to do, that man must pay for what he did." John is screaming to himself inside the prison.
"Calm down, John, you're going to attract attention."
The heart of Reiken's body is beating very fast, they can all feel John's anger. Though Hokuto can't stand John's attitude, he thinks only of his mission, and he realises that he might need to think of a way to get into some form of agreement with John.
"After all is done, I'll take you to Dreek, since you so strongly desire it. But for now, we have something very important to accomplish besides your vendetta. That is... if we get out of this situation."
Hokuto doesn't really intend to do this, but at the moment this the most efficient thing he thought of saying to calm John down, and John doesn't answer him.
"Let's just try to sleep, we might feel better after we rest."
John sits with his back on the wall and closes his eyes, still feeling nervous, but slowly calming down.

***

A bandit's life

John wakes up early in the morning, just as the room started to brighten. He dreamt again of violence and suffering, but he managed to sleep through it, and none of them wanted to talk about it. John just stays sit by the wall, mostly silent. After an hour is past, they start to hear sounds of the rest of the village starting their day. The hunger is hard to bear, it makes it hard to think about anything else. Another hour later, a woman enters the prison holding a plate with food in it. She doesn't say anything, she just smiles to him and puts the plate down on the floor at John's reach, and then she leaves. The whole thing made John feel dumbfounded, the smell coming from the plate is pleasant, and you can still see the steam coming up from it. He doesn't think twice and wolfs down the food.
"This is great!"
"For bandits, we are being treated a lot better than I was expecting," Reiken comments.
"And though they inspected the bracelet and tried to remove it, they haven't gone as far as to try cutting us for it, after seeing it wouldn't come off," Hokuto says.
They all feel much better after John finishes the meal, enough to put them in a good mood. John goes back to sit by the wall. His eyes turn brown. The three of them are quiet, but Hokuto doesn't stop thinking of some way to escape. Sometime later, they hear a small voice on the outside coming from the window.
"Hey."
Reiken felt like he heard something, but wasn't sure, so he waits for the voice again.
"Hey."
Now Reiken is certain that someone is calling to him, the voice sounds like it belongs to a small kid.
"Hi?"
"Hi."
The kid stays silent for several seconds, then resumes talking.
"They say you were carrying four weapons with you before you got captured, is it true?"
"Two swords, a spear and an axe. Yes, that is true."
"Wow, I've never seen anyone with so many weapons, not even a soldier. You're some kind of warrior?"
"Reiken, let me talk to him," Reiken hears the voice of Hokuto asking him, and thus, takes control of the body. "Yes, I'm a warrior."
"Really?"
"Certainly."
"My father said you must be some noble, but they were also saying it was really odd the way they found you."
"What is your father called?"
"It's... ah... I can't say, I shouldn't really be speaking with you."
"You don't want to talk about your father? You're probably not very proud of him."
"I am VERY proud of him!" The kid raises his voice a little. "He is a hero! He protects our village, brings us food and money. My dream is to be as strong as he is. I will be strong, travel around the world and protect the defenseless."
"The kid sees his bandit dad as a hero?" John speaks inside their mind.
"He seem to be a great man," Hokuto ignores John and continues talking to the kid.
"Of course he is!"
"Jacob!" A shout is heard from outside.
"I better leave. Bye warrior."
"Goodbye."
"What are you trying to do, Hokuto?" Reiken asks.
"Just to befriend him for now, maybe he can help us."
"He would help us escape?"
"That or by doing something else."
"Clever." John says.
It takes several hours before someone else appears to meet the young imprisoned warrior. The three men from the day before enter the room to talk to him.
"So, boy, you ready to tell us where you're really from?"
"I already told you, I'm an orphan, I don't have any family or a house." Reiken, who had taken possession of the body when the men entered, says to them.
"That's ridiculous. You really want us to believe that? That a young, well dressed, well equipped man, carrying a respectable amount of money, is a homeless orphan? I find this insulting to our intelligence."
"Should we try beating him up a little now?" One of the men suggests.
"No, it's ok. I'm not in a hurry. Did you enjoy your meal this morning, boy? I hope you did. Let's see what your answer will be in two days, with nothing to eat. See you later."
The men smile with pity at the chained young warrior, and leave him alone in his prison once again.
"Two days without eating? If you two don't come up with some idea, I swear I'm going to tell them something next time they come," John is frustrated.
"I'm also getting insecure, I can't stand being here like this," Reiken adds.
"Alright, we'll figure out something to tell them, but we can't just tell the whole thing, they absolutely must not know the truth about the bracelet, and we need to avoid relying on Lady Bleaumenaux to save us."
"If we don't do anything, they might even end up killing me."
"I find that unlikely. They don't look like the type of bandit that kill indiscriminately, I don't think they will."
"They are just bandits," John speaks as it's something obvious, "bandits don't have any honor or remorse, I wouldn't put my faith on what you said."
"My family was killed by bandits," Reiken says.
"That man looks to be different from the average bandit that we know. If he is the father of that kid, he earned a lot of respect from his son. There are many people that steal, kill and rape for ambition, hate, fear, vengeance, and many other emotions that can create evil. But there also those that steal and fight only for their survival, their hearts still contain vestiges of goodness, even considering all the atrocities that are so common in our nation, that corrupts the integrity of its people. We are living in extremely difficult times, of many sufferings. This is why we need to conquer this territory and expand, because we have the 'cure' for these feelings."
"Hum," Reiken voices his reflection on Hokuto's words.
"What in blazes are you talking about? Cure for negative feelings? Where did you get that from?" John says.
"You'll understand later, John. I'll make sure to explain to you when the time is more appropriate."
"You treating me like an idiot again, Hokuto?"
"I just think in your case it will be best to show you, instead of talking about it."
"I think that even then, John still won't approve it." Reiken says.
"Approve of what?"
"Nothing," Hokuto answers. "Look, let's not dwell on this, we still have to come up with a story to tell that man."
"Well, whatever, either way I don't care. I only care about fulfilling my vengeance against that despicable man."
For now, they all let things stay as they are. Hokuto focuses on thinking what to tell the kidnappers, discussing it a little with the other two. It's starting to get dark again, and they haven't gotten into any agreement yet. During that night they hear the small voice of the kid again.
"Hey."
"Hi... you're back again."
"Yeah, but don't tell my dad."
"Is your dad the one with the cool hair and the shaved beard, who seem to be the smartest one around?"
"Yeah, that's my dad!"
"Don't worry, I won't tell."
"I heard he telling the cook not to give you any food for two days."
"Yes, it should be tough, but I can handle it."
"Because you're a great warrior, right?"
"You could say that."
"I heard there are warriors that can fight for days, without rest or food. Can you do that?"
"Honestly I don't think I can."
"Where did you learn to fight?"
"I was trained by a pretty harsh master, in order to protect a young lady."
"A young warrior, protector of defenseless ladies, he he," the kid seemed to have enjoyed saying it. 
"Young warrior, huh?"
"That's what they are calling you."
For some reason, Hokuto smiles to himself.
"Was she attacked often?"
"Kind of. There was this one time that she was almost killed by an arrow, but I stepped in front and took it in her place."
"Oh wow! That's so brave! You could have died doing that."
Hokuto stays silent.
"Do you have any other cool stories?"
"Won't your dad get mad at you from staying here talking to me?"
"He won't find out. You won't tell him, right?"
"Don't worry, it will be our secret."
"So, do you have any other stories?"
"I can think of a few."
Hokuto thinks for a while and then starts telling stories to the kid about himself. He spends a long time just telling stories, old and recent, slightly altering the details to a format that the kid should enjoy more. After nearly an hour, the kid suddenly gets in a hurry to leave and goes away with only a quick goodbye. The kid wasn't the only audience for the stories though, Reiken and John were listening to them almost just as interested. More than a feeling of success of bonding with the kid, Hokuto is also feeling a certain satisfaction that he hasn't felt before. It was his first time telling stories to entertain a kid. After the kid left, Hokuto, Reiken and John kept talking about stories of their lives, making them get to know each other a little better, until they got tired and fell asleep.
In the next day, the young warrior wakes up again with the sunlight shining inside the prison. His hunger is making him feel weak, but at least he doesn't feel lonely. A few hours after having awakened, a woman enters the prison. She has a well-built, strong body, short dark hair, and looks pretty attractive.
"I found out that you've been talking to my son," her voice is strong and sounds intimidating.
"He told you that?"
"No but he wouldn't stop talking at night about stories of a warrior in different missions, enacting the things on his mind. You wouldn't imagine the work it took to get him to go to sleep."
"Ha ha ha ha," Hokuto laughs cheerfully.
"I know what you're trying to do. Stop. If you talk to him again, I'm going to break your legs."
"He seems like a great kid."
"Yes, he is," she answer awkwardly.
"I'm certain he will become a great man one day. Probably thanks to you, I'd assume. I had fun talking to him."
"What are you trying to do?"
"Did I say something wrong?"
"What do you expect to gain from being polite to me?"
"I have no pretensions."
"The others were saying there was something odd about you. You look like a noble in certain aspects, but not in others, and you deny being one. You must be starving now, but you still act calm, like that isn't a problem. In my opinion, this is a bad sign."
"A bad sign? Why?"
"Because you should be feeling desperate. If you're not, then something is wrong."
Hokuto stays silent.
"Either way, it doesn't matter what I think of you, I just came here to give you a warning, keep putting stories in my son's head and I swear I'll break your legs."
Hokuto doesn't answer her, and the woman leaves. He feels disappointed, and isn't sure of what to think.
"Seems like your plan with the kid might not work, Hokuto," Reiken says.
"Have faith."
"Do you already know what you're going to tell that man when he comes here again?" John asks.
"I'm still figuring that out, just give it a little more time."
"Maybe I shouldn't have advised you to not fight the bandits at the bridge, we could have found a way to escape them."
"No, Reiken. I would've tried to fight, like I always do, but I believe that you made the best decision. They won't kill us. Somehow we'll still get ourselves freed."
"Why are you so sure about that?"
"You saw what that kid is like, and what he says about his father. He wouldn't talk about him like that if the man wasn't somewhat decent."
"... Maybe."
Many hours pass, it's already past a whole day that the young warrior doesn't eat something. It's getting dark, nobody has come to see the young warrior since the woman, until suddenly a very unexpected person appears before them.
"Hi," the kid is by the door, staring at Hokuto. "You don't seem that strong now that I'm looking at you."
"Hi," Hokuto smiles at him.
"I brought you something."
The kid is holding a loaf of bread, he comes closer to Hokuto and delivers it to him at his hand. He is the first person that got that close to him after Hokuto was chained. The kid looks to be near six years old.
"What is your name?"
"It's Jacob, same as my father."
"Jacob, thank you for the bread, you're a very kind kid." Even though Hokuto is starving, he waited to thank the kid before he got the first bite.
"No problem."
"Won't you get in trouble from coming here?"
"Ah, don't worry, nobody saw me, but I can't stay long. Don't tell anyone about the bread."
"You can count on me, Jacob," Hokuto chose his words carefully.
Hokuto continues to eat the bread and the kid just stays there watching him. After Hokuto is done, the kid smiles.
"I wanted to hear more stories, but it's best that I go back. My mom can get really scary when she gets mad."
"It's alright, you better not take any chances. Thank you again for the bread, Jacob."
"Ok bye."
The kid smiles again and leaves the prison in a hurry.
"This is a good relief, but only one loaf of bread? That isn't enough to stop our hunger," John says soon after the kid left.
"It should be enough to give us some strength."
"I don't get it, aren't we all feeling the same thing? How do you keep this attitude with the hunger we are going through?"
"It's a matter of focus."
"You're extremely disciplined," Reiken says impressed.
"I had a pretty harsh training for many years."
"Hum," John is curious to ask more about him, but he doesn't want to give Hokuto the satisfaction.
"You think that kid will get in trouble for helping us?" Reiken asks.
"He is a kid, I'm sure he is going to get caught," John says.
"He probably will," Hokuto agrees.
After that, they stop talking and fall asleep in an hour.

***

Nobles attack

Once again the young warrior wakes up when the sunlight enters his prison. It has been more than three days since he was locked up in here, and if it wasn't for the bread, it would be two days without eating. The three of them are wondering for how much longer they are going to continue in this situation, Hokuto believes he can settle it the next time the bandits come to talk to them, but in the worst case, her Lady Bleaumenaux will find out he has been kidnapped and should do something about it. Once again they hear the sounds of people starting to get busy in the village, something that now is starting to sound like a routine to them. Hokuto is certain that that bandit man will come to see him sometime this day, but hours pass and nobody comes. Just as they are getting more and more anxious, something completely unexpected happens.
"WE ARE BEING ATTACKED," they hear someone outside screaming.
"Attacked?" Hokuto gets up conflicted and surprised.
"Great, seems like our rescue has arrived," says John.
"You think it's the people from the Liberation Army?" Reiken asks.
"This fast? That doesn't seem right. And would Lady Bleaumenaux order an attack?" Hokuto answers.
"Whoever it is, they are here for the bandits, and we are not related to them," John says.
The screaming of men, women and children can be heard coming from outside, in an obvious panic. There are sounds of people fighting, the bandits must be trying to protect themselves. The heart of the young warrior is starting to beat faster, Hokuto is getting worried.
"They may be living in dishonesty, but they don't deserve this outcome."
"What are you talking about, Hokuto? They are bandits, they don't deserve your pity."
"How can you think so simply, John. They are just people trying to survive the injustices of our nation. What do you think Duke Jesse would be saying about this?"
"That people only need a proper leader, someone to guide them to a better path," Reiken promptly answers in John's place.
"That's right."
After a few minutes the kid Jacob suddenly enters the prison looking desperate, crying a lot.
"Please, please, you have to help us, you're a great warrior, right? You have to help us," he speaks in sobs.
"Calm down, Jacob. I promise I'll help you if I can leave."
"I have the key already. Here."
The kid quickly gives Hokuto the key to the chain attached to his leg. Hokuto releases himself in no time.
"Excellent, we are free. Now what are you going to do? You're not really going to help him, right?" John quickly says.
"I need my weapons," Hokuto tells Jacob while completely ignoring what John said.
"They should still be kept in the village's deposit. Hurry, I'll show you where."
"Hokuto! Why help him? You're actually going to help the bandits that kept you imprisoned here? That's ridiculous. This the moment to run away."
John tried to sound demanding, and tries to take control of the body, but he is unable to. Hokuto quickly follows after the kid. The situation outside is worse than he expected. Hokuto doesn't know who are these soldiers attacking the bandits, but it's easy to tell that the situation is on the soldier's favor. They wear full armor, walking in small units, wielding spears, while most of the people in this village are trying to protect themselves with only whatever weapons they had with them. This village will certainly lose, there are many defenseless people running around hopeless, many houses are already burning, and this attack has just begun. Hokuto assessed this situation in seconds and turned to keep following Jacob. They get to the deposit the kid told him about, and it doesn't take long for him to find his weapons, placed in a corner.
"Please, help my dad, you can't let him die."
Hokuto grips his spear strongly, determined to save whoever he can. When he exits this deposit he quickly notices the mother of the kid at the distance shouting.
"JACOB, WHERE ARE YOU?"
"MOM, HERE!"
Hokuto follows the boy, and when his mother notices them she looks greatly surprised.
"You! What are you doing here? What did you do, Jacob?"
"He will help us, mom. He is a great warrior."
"Are you crazy, Jacob? What did I tell you before? You can't trust this man," she yells at her son looking very angry, but soon after that she turns her attention back to what really matters, "listen, we have to run away with the others immediately, come!"
"But what about dad?"
"Your dad gathered some warriors to bravely fight against the soldiers so me and you are able to escape safely, now come!"
After hearing this, Hokuto decides to join these warriors that are fighting the enemy, and goes off looking for them. Not far from where he was, Hokuto finds many men in this village fighting together, Jacob's dad among them. The soldiers are in greater number and better equipped, but the bandits still try to fight against them, knowing they will lose, just so the others can escape. Hokuto suddenly feels he understands why Jacob respects his father so much, someone that makes this kind of sacrifice, is worthy of respect. Hokuto forces himself in the middle of the bandits formation and starts helping without saying anything, quickly taking down two enemy soldiers that weren't prepared for him.
"You?!" Jacob's father, presumably the leader of this bandit pack, says looking confused.
"You need any help?" Hokuto gives a faint smile to the man.
The man decides to not question him, nor to doubt, nor to try to understand his reasons, in this situation he just can't afford to waste the time, so he accepts his help without saying any word and just keeps on fighting. Hokuto's presence is starting to really make a difference, they start to take down more enemies, but the enemy adjust themselves to Hokuto's presence, and the battle is getting harder and harder. Hokuto is getting everyone's attention, and the soldiers start to hesitate attacking for a moment, they back off and stare at him and the bandits for a moment. Suddenly they can hear a loud sound of metal approaching, the soldiers open way revealing a man wearing some type of armor that Hokuto has never seen before. The armor is huge, covering every single part of the man's body, with many metal plates, and spikes coming out. The sight of this monstrous armor is enough to put fear in any man.
"The Great Boar is here!" Hokuto hears one of the bandits near him yelling this.
The man in the huge armor lifts a great axe in one hand, making his visage seem even more menacing, but the hilt of the axe is very small, making it have a short range. Still, Hokuto is extremely impressed with how a man can move and fight wearing so much weight. The Great Boar, how he is called, and the soldiers around him move in to resume their attack. Hokuto believes that he has a chance of beating this man if he utilizes his superior range, if only he can stab through his armor in critical points. He and Jacob's father attack the Great Boar together, both moving fast and with caution to avoid the Great Boar's every swing. They deliver many attacks on him, but none of them seem to be having any effect. The Great Boar is really skilled, even Hokuto is impressed, he blocks Jacob's father attacks using his axe, while deflecting Hokuto's thrusts at the same time using his armor. He can't move fast enough to dodge, but he bends his body in ways that makes Hokuto's spear just slide by the armor, merely scratching it. His skill and speed are impressive, especially considering the weight he carries. Though the Great Boar isn't able to hit them as well, while they are busy fighting him they start to get more and more surrounded by the enemies, and more of the bandits are dying. Realizing this situation, Jacob's father, the leader, decides to make the ultimate sacrifice.
"Reiken or whatever your name was, if you want to live, this is your chance to run, the ones here never really intended to live in the first place. Run and help my family escape, protect my son!" 
In this leader's mind, why this young warrior decided to help him in the first place, he will never understand, this whole situation seems absurd, but that being the case, he asks this young warrior for something equally absurd, without a please or a thank you, and to his surprise, this young warrior looked him in the eyes and nodded. He puts himself in between the Great Boar and Hokuto, and starts delivering many quick attacks.
"GO HOKUTO, RUN!" Reiken yells at Hokuto.
Hokuto turns his back and runs cutting his way through the enemies on his path, as fast as he can. The soldiers try to follow after Hokuto, but seeing his speed, they give up and get back to fighting the few bandits that remain. The bandits that Hokuto left behind are getting massacred. He runs as fast as he can in the direction he believes the people of this village tried to escape to. This village is lost, the houses are burning, and possibly half the people that lived here are now dead. Hokuto runs down a hill, entering a dense forest. He doesn't believe he was followed. He stops to rest and calm down the beating of his heart. While he is calming down, he becomes able to hear a faint sound of people in the distance further inside the forest. He goes where the sound is coming and finds a trail that the people that escaped must be using. Shortly after that, he finds everyone that managed to escape together. The woman of the bandit's leader and her son is among them. Hokuto decides to call for their attention, better than approaching them quietly. The people get startled and they ready their weapons, but when Jacob sees Hokuto, he rushes towards him and looks up holding his waist, with tears in his eyes.
"Where is my dad? Did you save him?"
"I'm sorry," Hokuto shows a sad look.
"He is dead?" The mother approaches and asks with a serious expression.
"Yes."
Many people seem to suddenly get sad, some even start to cry, even though they must have all known that it was inevitable, but Jacob's mother only drops a few tears, trying not to let her feelings take hold of her. Her son started crying with hiccups.
"Come." The woman wipes her tears. "We need to move to somewhere safe, fast. Jacob, stop crying this instant."
She continues to move forward and the people follow after her. She is holding Jacob's hand, trying to force him to not make much noise. They walk in the forest for hours, climbing down the mountain. Hokuto senses that he is constantly being observed, the armed men keep their weapons in hand, they must not trust him. Everyone walks in a fast pace, taking hard pathways, inside a pretty dense forest, and a couple of hours after the sun was set, everyone stops in an open area to spend the night. They all start working together in different things, preparing the place for them to sleep, building a fire, and making food that they have with them. In a dense forest, it gets dark enough that people can't see well without the fire. People talk silently here and there, but most of them aren't talking at all. Hokuto sits in front of Jacob's mother, across a campfire that they built. The kid Jacob for some reason wants to stay next to Hokuto, and quickly falls asleep with his body leaned on him. Now that they are fed and settled, Jacob's mother starts speaking to Hokuto, while looking at her son.
"I'm perplexed, and also amazed, at how much he got attached to you."
Hokuto looks at the sleeping face of Jacob and smiles.
"He was always crazy about stories of adventuring warriors and such. His father loved to fill his head with these stuff, of all the people he fought, the nobles he challenged. Always with some exaggeration."
"This kid seems to have a lot of willpower, and good intentions. I truly think he might become a great man one day."
"Who are you really? I just can't figure it out."
"Hum," Hokuto thinks for a moment on how he can answer that, and decides to give some truthful information about him. "You know why Slatina declared war against Dorohoi?"
"Something to do with people with horns, right?"
"Well, the reason for the war was really that in Slatina the people gained knowledge of something so important, that it alters the conception people have about life. This knowledge can restore order to our nation, in the same way it did with Slatina. But after the war ended and the invaders from Slatina started to establish themselves in Dorohoi, a meeting between all the dukes was called upon, and Duke Roberto Royan demanded that every person from Slatina should leave Dorohoi, to give control of the territory back to it’s citizens. This means that soon a great dispute among all the influential nobles of Dorohoi should arise, so that a new duke can be declared. But this means that the reason for the war itself would be undone, and Dorohoi would probably go back to what it was. I was… found by the army of Slatina, and now I'm working for them. I intend to become the next duke, assuring that Dorohoi also acquires this knowledge that can bring peace and order to all the nation."
"That is quite some story, I can at least confirm you're good at telling them. Are they always this unbelievable, though?" The woman says this with a straight face.
"It's the truth."
"Ridiculous. Plain ridiculous. You, a duke? I would laugh if I had a sense of humor. How do you think you can become a duke?"
"I can if I can conquer the help of the people of Dorohoi."
"You're quite the interesting one. Say, don't you think it's quite a peculiar coincidence that we were attacked shortly after you got kidnapped?"
The woman spoke with sarcasm in her voice, and Hokuto notices that her hand is inches away from her weapon. There are also more men around intensely staring at him, he actually had not noticed the hostility until now.
"Now that you mentioned this, it did seem quite odd how calm the men from the caravan that your people robbed were, considering the situation they were in. Who were those soldiers that attacked your village?"
"You really don't know?"
"No idea."
The woman continues to show a straight face, not believing him. "They were soldiers belonging to the Stockom family. I have kind of a history with the Stockoms."
"I imagine it must not be a friendly one."
They stay silent for a moment, the woman is thinking while watching her son sleeping peacefully, still leaned against Hokuto.
"Let's suppose I believe your story, what do you plan on doing? How will you become duke of Dorohoi?"
"Like I said, I will need as much support as I can get from the citizens here. First I will establish control of the city of Destonea, that I freed from bandits a few months ago. This part should be easy to achieve. After that comes the real work, I will enter the dispute against the other cities to become duke."
"How? You're just a young man, obviously delusional, you think you have the capacity to become duke of a territory? What a joke. You have the attitude of one more of these spoiled nobles that have no idea what the people goes through."
"I understand this better than you're thinking."
"I can't understand... looking at your face, it's strange, you look like a foolish boy making up stories, but at the same time, there is something in it that makes me want to trust you. You look... dependable."
"I understand that my words and my image are quite conflicting. I probably wouldn't easily trust a man that barely looks to be eighteen."
The woman stares intensely at Hokuto, seriously thinking while looking him in the eyes. After a few seconds she releases a deep sigh, and relaxes her muscles.
"Fine, boy, whatever. I’ll lay back with you. My name is Pam. What is yours again?"
"It's Reiken," Hokuto smiles.
"Where do you intend to go now?"
"Back to Destonea. If you people don't have anywhere else to go, you're welcome to go there. There are a lot of vacant space there, because of the war and all."
"It's an interesting offer, but I don't think my people will be safe in some open city, or even comfortable."
"You'll be safer there than anywhere else. It's a good opportunity to have a new start. It isn't huge but Destonea is quite big."
The woman gives it some better thought. "Well, I'll discuss this with the others, we can talk about this again tomorrow."
"Sure, I understand."
"... Good night, Reiken."
"Good night."
Hokuto gives Jacob back to Pam and lays down on the grass, where he was sitting. Pam orders everyone to put their fires out, as to not attract any pursuers. It turns dark and silent, and they all try to get some sleep.
"It was a pretty great speech you gave there, Hokuto," John speaks in his mind, "Duke of Dorohoi, huh? I can’t say I’m not interested in seeing this. I'm going to be part of this game of yours. Dreek can wait, but I expect you to hold up to your word, and take me to him after all of this is over."
Hokuto smiles with satisfaction. He falls asleep after a few minutes.

***

"If you're going to eat poison, you might as well lick the plate"

Sometimes you may find yourself in situations that you are unable to avoid, either by it being forced on you or by you absolutely having to create it. A feeling of dissatisfaction, despise, hate and sometimes even honor can weigh us down creating an inertia that prevents us from improving ourselves or the situation. There are lessons to be learned in pain, in solitude, or in misunderstandings. Embrace it, try to understand it. Wisdom comes for those who try to reach it.
Hokuto, Reiken and John learned many things with their experience as a prisoner. They learned a lot about themselves and a lot about their kidnappers. They may not agree with each other's perspectives, but it's already gained knowledge just by learning of them. Most times, it is situation what creates a bandit. Reiken's belief that people can be saved with guidance has only increased, same with Hokuto, though Hokuto still believes it should be done with the teachings of the Goddess. Either way, their recently lived experience will further help them achieve their purpose. John's heart is still taken by hate, but he may be able to canalize this hate towards a good purpose.
If acceptance becomes your only option, then try to make the best of the situation.

* * * * *

Chapter 5

Parting ways

Hokuto wakes up as soon as it dawns. The air is humid and foggy, the sun is still rising. It's cold. The kid Jacob is still sleeping while hugging his mother. There are just a few people awaken, standing watch, all silent. Hokuto gets up and decides to take a small walk. He notices that many people around him have pain and worry showing on their faces, even while sleeping. Hokuto decides to climb a tree to gaze on the rising morning. He can hear the sound of birds and the rustling of the leaves. The cold feeling in the skin actually feels comfortable. He sits on a branch high in a tree, watching the sun rise, while he waits for the rest of the people to wake up.
"Nostalgic," Reiken says to Hokuto.
"A surreal feeling of peace, right?"
"Yes."
"What is? What are you two talking about?" John asks.
"Don't mind about it."
John doesn't share the same feeling Hokuto and Reiken are having, this peace that nature can bring to people, the pleasant dawn of a new day. It doesn't take long for the rest of the people to wake up. The kid wakes up with her mother, and he starts walking around looking for something.
"Here, kid," Hokuto raises his voice to call for Jacob's attention.
"Haa!" Jacob looks up and smiles when he sees Hokuto so up high.
Hokuto climbs down and goes towards him and Pam to talk.
“Good morning.”
“Good morning, Reiken," Pam speaks with a plain voice.
"We should be moving soon, no? Now that there's daylight, those soldiers could start tracking us."
"Yes, I know. But I still need to come to a decision regarding you, I must talk to the others. Wait a little.”
"Ok."
Pam turns to other people that are awaken. “Hey, start waking up everyone, without delay."
They all start to do things quickly, waking up everyone, packing things, preparing to depart. After a couple of minutes Pam gathers a small circle of people in a short distance away from Hokuto and starts discussing something serious with them. Hokuto just waits next to Jacob, talking to him a little while watching everyone. After only ten minutes everyone is already prepared to leave and Pam returns from her conversation.
"We decided that we don't want you following us. It's best that we split ways, the people are disturbed by your presence. Anyway, you don't want to be with us, the Stockoms aren't going to leave us alone even after yesterday. We have to find another place to hide."
"I see."
"I think it's best you take your own way now. That man will give you directions," she points at someone nearby, "he will explain how to get out of the forest and get to the nearest road."
"Thank you."
"Take care, Reiken."
"You too."
"You're leaving?" Jacob asks looking concerned.
"I have to leave, but don't worry, one day we'll meet again. Meanwhile, become a strong man like your dad and protect your mother."
The kid doesn't answer, he recently lost his father, a important figure in his life, of a strong man, courageous and heroic, and now he is losing another figure, but he doesn't let that shake him up, he wants to show the warrior before him that he can be strong, just like he was asked to, and just nods. Hokuto says his goodbyes and goes to the appointed man to ask for directions, then he leaves ahead to get out of the forest by himself.

***

The new Destonea

Hokuto manages to come out of the forest by himself and find a road, just as he was oriented. They decide to go back to Destonea, giving up on the idea of going to Bregoi to talk to Jesse. After an hour walking in a desolated road, he reaches another, busier one. There are people, families, merchants and warriors travelling through it, at their own pace and directions. Hokuto manages to get a few rides with others, sometimes by making deals and sometimes through persuasion. He arrives at the fort-city Rom after four hours. Hokuto didn't have any money with him, but he finds some people from the Liberation Army that are able to lend him some. Neither General Albert nor Lady Bleaumenaux are there anymore. He continues travelling towards Destonea, and after only three hours, he arrives.
It's very late in the afternoon. Having arrived at Destonea, Hokuto suggests that Reiken controls the body as often as possible from now on. While he walks through the city, they notice how it seems busier, with plenty of people from the Liberation Army walking around, and it also appears to have more citizens. Some places are being rebuilt, and there is a new big church in construction, which will be used as a place for people to learn about the teachings of the Goddess. Reiken notices that some people gaze at him as he passes by, they must still recognize him from freeing the city from bandits two months ago.
"It seem like some people still recognize you, we might really be able to become lord of this city," Hokuto says.
"So this is the city you two freed from bandits?" John asks.
"Yes."
"I was born and raised here. This city brings me many good and bad memories... and some, quite horrible."
"Try not to focus in the past and focus on what we have to do now."
"What is the plan?" John asks.
"Well, for now we should look for a place to stay, and avoid involving ourselves with the people from the Liberation Army here. We don't want people to think we are too related to them, all they can know is that we fought on their side during the war."
"Ok," Reiken agrees.
While Reiken walks, he notices that there are some people with small horns, which seem to still be growing, and are clearly not from the Liberation Army. John is the first to question about it.
"What is this? Why are there people walking around with such small horns?"
"Those are people that accepted the will and teachings of the Goddess. The horns grow as proof of the new promised devotion," Hokuto calmly answers.
"So you're creating more horned freaks like the ones that destroyed my village?"
"One thing has nothing to do with the other, you speak like every person with horns are the same. Anyway, all the missionaries do is merely transmit knowledge, each person needs to personally make their choice before the horns can start growing."
"Horns..." John says while thinking.
"There is something really supernatural about this, horns suddenly growing. I never imagined there could exist a being with this kind of power over the people," Reiken comments.
"Power."
Suddenly Reiken falls to his knees because of John. He squeezes his eyes and put his hands on his head, trying to block his thoughts. John takes control of the body.
"John! What's up with you?"
"I feel... something strange, when I remember what happened at the village, when I became that... thing. The anger I felt, and a voice talking to me."
"I've never seen something like what you've become, it was a pretty terrifying sight," Reiken speaks while thinking. "I think I'll never forget that image of you. You had horns as well, but they were different."
"Voices, changes in the body, horns." John seems to have realized something.
"I see..." Hokuto says, "this can only mean it must have been the influence of a being like the Goddess, so there must be other beings like Her."
John is still on his knees, trying to calm himself down, then he realizes there are people gazing at him looking perplexed. He gets up and starts walking towards some other place like nothing happened.
"We need to be careful with this," Reiken says.
"This intrigues me, but I believe it's not worth our time thinking about these beings. It's a mystery we'll never solve by ourselves. I suggest you try to control your emotions, John."
John finally calms down, and then Reiken takes back control of his body.
"Just don't forget about our deal, Hokuto."
It's getting dark and they go after a place to eat and sleep.

***

A week

"So, what's the plan?" John asks after they leave an inn.
"We have three weeks until every person from the Liberation Army has to leave the Dorohoi territory, I think we should get to know this city well during this time, and gain their favor of the people," Hokuto suggests.
"You think like a leader," Reiken comments.
Reiken still remembers a lot from the places and people of Destonea, he was raised in this city after all, and they use this knowledge to help them get closer to the people. They pass the next days walking around the city, talking to others, further spreading the information about him freeing the city from bandits a few months ago. Some soldiers from the Liberation Army still patrol around the city to keep it safe, and missionaries continue to try to lead more people into the teachings of the Goddess. The city has a lot more people in it than it had two months ago. In the second week, while Reiken was walking around the city, he notices a group of soldiers walking around. They get a lot of attention from the people, wearing a different type of armor, with a coat of arms representing another territory.
"Roberto Royan's soldiers."
"What are they doing here?" Reiken asks.
"Probably investigating the Liberation Army. Maybe they are just here to put pressure on Lady Bleaumenaux so that she keeps her end of the agreement made on the meeting. It could be to our interest to follow them to confirm their motive."
The soldiers of Duke Roberto Royan walk towards the center of Destonea, to the city's plaza. They hear some people on the way shouting to others that men from Horegu are going to make an announcement there. After many people gather, one of those soldiers start talking loudly so that everybody around can hear.
"Citizens of Destonea. It is part of the laws of our nation that peace between the territories must be maintained, and no territory is allowed to expand their domain by conquering another. For this reason the soldiers of Slatina that are here in Dorohoi are breaking one of those laws and therefore they must leave Dorohoi within two weeks. I suggest you all should start thinking about who could become the next Lord of Destonea."
"So they are here to make official the departure of the Liberation Army. If they are announcing that people should seek a new lord, then it must be time for us to tell everyone about our intention of becoming that lord," Reiken says.
"We need to make allies, people that will help us rule this city. We should start looking for people like that," Hokuto says.
"Good luck," is all John says.
They start revealing to the people they met this past week about their intention of becoming Lord of Destonea. Little by little Reiken is gathering his own followers and people that can help them run the city. But in the next day they hear about someone else that is also trying to become Lord of Destonea, so they decide to investigate. Without having to look around much, they find such person making a speech in the center of Destonea, someone that is well known in the city. He is one of the few nobles still living in Destonea, and he speaks about promises of good things that he can bring to the people if he is accepted as lord.
"We need to do something about this man. He is well known and rich, if you think about qualifications then he is already ahead of us, other nobles will support him, and he must have connections to the high society, while we have nothing of that," Reiken starts talking.
"He may have connections with the high society, but you have even more with the low society, and this might be better. Still, we need to think of something," Hokuto says.
"Can't we just kill him?" John asks.
"Kill? Is that how you usually solve your problems?"
"But John might have given a good idea, Hokuto. Most people of Dorohoi have a lot of hatred towards the nobles. Dorohoi was always unjustly controlled by the nobles, who always treated commoners like garbage. The nobles are the cause of the suffering of many people here. We could put every commoner against him."
"That's a simple way of thinking, Reiken, but things work a little differently. Nobles have more power, even being a minority, they still control the commoners. Even with most of Destonea on our side, we wouldn't have the power to stay in control of the city. We have to be accepted by all its citizens or Destonea will end up having internal conflicts later."
"Then we really need to do something about him," John adds.
"Yes... simply killing him could easily become a problem, but we need to figure out a way of persuading him to accept us as the new lord instead, somehow."
"And how would we do that?" Reiken asks.
"For now, we should just investigate him. We can think of something later."
Reiken stays around listening to the noble's speech, until he stops when dusk approaches. Reiken follows the noble returning to his home surrounded by guards. When they are passing through a small street the noble is approached by some of the soldiers of Duke Roberto Royan, same as the ones they saw on the day before. Reiken hides nearby believing he was not noticed.
"Hello," one of the soldiers greet the noble casually.
"Is it safe for us to speak here like this?"
"Do you have any reasons to be worried? It's not like you have competition in this little insignificant city, right?"
"I don't know anyone else that can challenge me, but I don't trust these horned soldiers occupying the city."
"If there was any of these horned persons nearby, we would know. Relax, I'm here only to pass a little parting message. We will leave this city soon, and if you want to get in touch with us, you already know how. If there is anything the Duke can do to help, you can count on his help. That's all, so... goodbye."
And without any other words, the soldiers leave in a different direction and the noble continues on his way.
"This noble is getting help from Duke Royan to become Lord of Destonea? Why?" Reiken asks.
"Interesting... Duke Royan wouldn't help a small city like this without a reason, and this reason can only be one, basically the same as mine, he wants to have allies inside Dorohoi so he has some influence over it, allies that can't be directly related to him. And if this noble is getting the support of Duke Royan, if we start becoming a threat they'll find a way to deal with us."
"Hokuto, I don't really want to agree with John, but maybe violence really is the best way to solve this problem. There aren't many nobles left in Destonea. I think you're mistaking the people here with the people of Slatina. The disappearance of a noble is nothing but good news here."
"I know how nobles only act in their own interests, but we need their support to rule a place. Nobles provide most of the money that is needed for a city to grow."
"You lived around nobles for too long, Hokuto. Like your lady Bleaumenaux. You think Jesse conquered Bregoi with the support of nobles?"
"Weren't his two closest companions from nobility?"
"Hum, I remember when Jesse and his friends went to my village," John enters the discussion. "They captivated the people with their words, and everybody joined them. We fought an arduous battle against the self-proclaimed rulers of Bregoi. Our enemy had a lot more resources than us, and we suffered many losses, but in the end we still won."
"You fought alongside Jesse?" Reiken asks impressed.
"Everybody took some part on the war that Bregoi faced. If you weren't on the side of Jesse, you were on the other one. Jesse wasn't the one doing most the talking actually, it was one of his friends, that man really had a talent with words, he just made everybody believe we were already part of the revolution somehow. Every small village was on his side."
"Amazing..." Reiken still amazes himself at the story of Jesse and his friends.
"Hum," Hokuto voices that he is thinking.
"Hokuto. We don't need the support of nobles, we can do the same as what they did. It could take a lot of work, but we can make this city grow without the help of nobles and their riches. We could also captivate the people with words, and change the hierarchy of things."
Hokuto continues to think, and then answers. "So this is the method we are going to use from now on?"
"Why not? Sacrifices are made all the time, I don't think there is anyone with power that didn't get his hands dirty somehow," John states his opinion.
"In a certain way, I agree with him," Reiken says.
"That's not what I meant. If we are going with this story of a leader that supports commoners, this will end up getting the attention of other cities. Conquering Destonea is only the first step, we don't have resources and soldiers, and we have to expect as little help as we can from Lady Bleaumenaux. She can't provide us with military strength. We could be getting into a fight that is beyond our capabilities."
"We'll be capable, I know we will be."
Hokuto thinks it over for a moment, he isn't feeling comfortable with the idea, but deep down he is thinking 'Maybe, maybe this might work'.
"Very well, then let's do it your way, Reiken. You have my support, and I'll help however I can."
Reiken feels something that he can't explain, he feels strong, important. He might change things, become a leader, become a savior. Before he was a man without a path, walking towards his own death, and now he is someone with a grand purpose, and most importantly, he feels capable.

***

Lord of Destonea - part 1

The three of them discuss many possibilities on how to get rid of the noble that is also trying to become lord of Destonea, but no idea seem to be good enough. In the next day a young man that looks like any other normal commoner approaches Reiken during a moment when he was alone walking in a small street.
"You're Hokuto, right?"
Reiken turns to look at the young man while looking surprised, and Hokuto tells him inside his mind that he doesn't recognize the man. Noticing Reiken's surprise, the man continues to talk.
"My name is William," the young man softly bows to Reiken, "I was given the duty of being the contact between you and the rest of my group, and with Lady Bleaumenaux."
"Ah." Hokuto suddenly assumes control and talks to William. "She had told me she would do that."
"I come with the message that there are many people here in Destonea to give you the support you can need to guarantee that you become its lord. If there is anything we can do to help, you can always ask me for it."
"Is it safe for us to speak here?"
"Don't worry about it, I'm not actually alone, I have my friends around guarding us and keeping watch."
Hokuto looks around, but he doesn't see anyone that looks suspicious, they all look like pretty normal people, so if William isn't lying, they must be very efficient at what they do. He doesn't have any reason to doubt William, there is no way anyone else would approach him speaking his name and claiming to be a contact between him and Lady Bleaumenaux if it wasn't the case.
"In truth I already have a problem that I need solving, you appeared at a perfect moment."
"It's about the noble that is also trying to become Lord of Destonea, right?"
"You know about him?"
"Certainly, like I said there are many people here to help you, and we've been around for some time already, I decided to talk to you today because we figured you must need some help. Would you like to meet with some of these people?"
"Is it ok?"
"You can leave the part of secrecy to us, we are very careful with that, no one will find out."
"Ok."
Hokuto is surprised with this young William, he can't imagine where Lady Bleaumenaux found him, but he doesn't worry with it. William leads the way to the people that can help. They reach a small ordinary house and William knocks on the door, which is then opened from the inside. Hokuto finds a few soldiers and captains of the Liberation Army inside. He is taken to a small room where he meets a brilliant strategist from the Slatina territory, and they start talking about what to do. Hokuto explains his situation and his current plan of uniting all the commoners using their hatred towards the nobles of Dorohoi. Knowing these people from Slatina, Hokuto tries to make clear his reasoning behind this idea, and what he knows of the people of Dorohoi.
"I wouldn't say I agree with your plan, but if that's what you decided, our job here is only to support you. I can say at least that you seem to understand the people of this territory better than we do. We've also been discussing among ourselves about what to do with this noble, but taking what you're telling us with what we were thinking, I believe I already have an idea on how to solve this problem."
"Already? How?"
"You say the nobles of this territory have a reputation of despising the commoners, and they are hated because of that, and you want to unite the people using this hatred. Then the solution is simple, we need to take down this noble at the moment that he shows his true identity."
"What do you mean?" Hokuto asks, and nobody seem to understand what the strategist is suggesting.
"We force him into a situation where he'll want to harass a commoner for no good reason in public, then you show up and save supposed commoner, fighting against the noble like you were some hero. You'll put the people against the noble and in your favor at the same time. We can prepare the stage and act to trick him into this situation."
"That is so simple... and brilliant."
Everybody show themselves pleased with the idea. Hokuto and Reiken already feel closer to their objective. They continue to discuss more details about the plan, and conclude it after some time. The strategist will continue to perfect it, and when the moment arrives, William will contact Hokuto again. With that decided, Hokuto leaves the building and goes off on his own way.

***

Lord of Destonea - Part 2

For four more days Reiken continued to fraternize with the people of Destonea, without getting himself involved with the noble. More and more people are getting to know of his name, his story and his objectives. He is getting popular and often talked about. In the fifth day, the young man William gets in contact with him again, telling Reiken that everything has already been arranged, and that the time to execute the plan is now, the noble is just about to give another one of his speeches to the public at the city's plaza. William explains the plan quickly, if it works the noble should start a fight with a man there, and at that moment Reiken should step in and rescue the man. During the confusion, when the noble flees, he will be assassinated, Reiken won't even have to get his hands dirty. Reiken is happy with the plan and eager to see it come to fruition, he feels that if all goes well he will definitely become Lord of Destonea, become a leader!
When he gets to the plaza, everything seems normal, the noble is giving his speech in an elevated stage, with his guards around him, while a small crowd of people are watching him. The young William, who was by Reiken's side until now, has suddenly vanished into the crowd without him noticing it. Reiken just decides to do what he is meant to and gets further into the crowd, waiting for his moment to act. It doesn't take too long for something to happen, in the middle of the speech the noble suddenly makes a face of surprise and points towards some man.
"You!" The noble yells sounding angry.
The people get away from the spot where he is pointing at and just one man stands there without moving.
"That necklace belongs to me. You stole it."
The man continues to stay still, acting surprised and confused.
"Guards, cease this man. Bring him to me."
"No, wait, I didn't steal anything, this necklace belongs to my family."
Two guards goes towards the man and just grab him by his arms, dragging him back to the noble.
"Go, Reiken, this should be the time to act," Hokuto presses Reiken to move.
Reiken pushes himself through the crowd and gets in between the man and the guards.
"Let him go," Reiken speaks firm and loud.
The noble and every person turns to watch the young warrior that just spoke.
"You're... the boy I heard of, the kid that thinks can become a lord, aren't you?"
"Let him go," Reiken repeats himself.
"Let him go? This man is a thief."
"I am not a thief, this necklace is mine, it belongs to my family, please," the man begs convincingly, almost in tears.
"Yours? How could someone like you ever possess a jewel like this, this necklace is one of my most precious possessions."
"So since he isn't a noble, he couldn't possibly own a necklace like this? Is that what you're saying?" Reiken knows that his words aren't actually convincing, but what matters is the reaction he can cause to the people around him.
"Don't be ridiculous, what are you insinuating?"
"I think that you're thinking that you can accuse any man of what you want and come out unpunished just for being a noble."
"This necklace is mine, I swear, I can prove it." the man being held by two guards says this to further reinforce what Reiken said.
"This is absurd, this necklace has always belonged to me, it had just recently gone missing, it's obvious that you took it, someone silence this man."
The noble is getting angrier and angrier, and one of his guards punches the man with the necklace in the head, knocking him down.
"I will not tolerate this violence. We are not inferior dogs for you to treat us as you please, exploiting us, getting richer and richer, living an easy life, protected by guards, while we work hard only to be able to survive." Reiken doesn't care that what he says is out of context, he just says it to raise anger on the people around him, but it isn't an act, he is telling what he himself feels right now.
"Ah ha ha ha ha ha ha," the noble gives a normal laugh like someone just told him a joke. "Who do you think you are, boy? Do you think you commoners can live without my help? Without the help of nobles? You are nothing. You don't have the capacity of seeing things beyond your pathetic lives. We bring order to society."
"Order? You think Dorohoi has order? HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA." Reiken laughs almost hysterically, surprising everyone around him, Hokuto, John, and even himself for being able to laugh like this so naturally. "The funny thing is that you think that our territory has order, that 'we' don't have the capacity to see beyond our lives. And by the way what did YOU do when this city was being ruled by bandits? Nothing. But I fought, I fought during a whole night, and with the help of these people," Reiken extends his arms, "the city was freed."
People around him are starting to talk more loudly, and suddenly some of them start cheering for Reiken. Things go a lot better than what Reiken was expecting, he is feeling euphoric. The man with the necklace, who was the reason for the discussion that started is simply forgotten, nobody cares about the theft thing anymore, to an extent that the man simply disappeared during the commotion without being noticed. The noble doesn't know what else to say, nor does he care, anger has taken him, he feels like a victim, being talked down by a bunch of commoners, when he is the victim. The noble feels like he must do something about it.
"Guards, capture this stupid boy."
Many guards go towards Reiken. There is a total of twelve guards with the noble right now, quite a big sum, and only five of them stay behind with the noble to protect him. Reiken unsheathes his two swords. People around quickly get away from him, but continue to stay nearby to watch. Many horned soldiers from the Liberation Army suddenly start running towards the conflict.
"This city is still under the control of the Liberation Army of Slatina. We fight for a Goddess that does not tolerate discrimination of other people," one of the soldiers yell as he comes running to Reiken's side.
The guards that were about to attack Reiken stop and hesitate as they look at the horned soldiers in full armor beside him. They get confused on what to do and look back at the noble to seek instructions. Reiken doesn't give the opportunity for this situation to change, he is the first to move and attack the guards. The noble's guards fight back, but the battle doesn't take long to end. All the guards lose and are injured, but none of them are killed. During this fight the noble decided to escape with his remaining five guards, having noticed that the situation was getting dangerous for him. Other horned soldiers cut the route that the noble intended to escape through, forcing him to enter a small street. While he runs with his guards in this street, three men without horns, wearing long capes and a hood, suddenly jump on them from above, and eliminate the guards and the noble in a matter of seconds, before they could try to defend themselves, and with the same speed they leave the place.
Meanwhile, Reiken is still at the plaza, surrounded by many people cheering his name, just like the time when Hokuto freed this city from bandits, but now it feels even more intense to him, like this time the cheers are really meant for him, instead of Hokuto. After this, they are certain they will become Lord of Destonea, leader of these people. The first step in their objective has been accomplished, but the real battle is just beginning.

***

"Effort creates it's own reward"

Interesting how Reiken, once a man seeking his own death, drifting without purpose or belief, is now a man people cheer and praise, doing something he considers important, changing things around him. He considers himself the truest of examples that guidance can change everything in a person's life. All he experienced since he put on the bracelet has forever changed him. He received a lot of help along the way, but now he feels he can achieve much with his own hands, for all that he learned.
The effort of trying to accomplish things may not always get the result that you want, but the procedure of trying gives you knowledge, it increases your capabilities, each time making yourself more and more able to get the results that you desire. And sometimes just trying is good enough, it gives you a feeling of pride and satisfaction.
Don't stop trying, as no effort ever goes unrewarded. Even if not how you wanted, there will always be spoils to collect.

* * * * *

Chapter 6

Reiken, Lord of Destonea

Without anything else to stand in his way, Reiken is accepted as the new Lord of Destonea. People look up at him to lead and manage the city, trusting his capability. The days that follow become quite busy for the three of them. Reiken controls the body most of the time and Hokuto teaches him how to talk and how to behave like a leader. They get a lot of help from people from the Liberation Army, teaching them about politics, how to maintain control, and how to manage their assets. Reiken meets many people that will become his advisors and followers. They start to live in the manor of Destonea, the place where Hokuto fought against Roarch in the past. Reiken changes his looks into something more becoming of a lord. Most of the citizens of Destonea know Reiken well and respect him. He gets all the help he can from people of the Liberation Army, until the day comes that they need to leave. The people from Slatina leave Dorohoi without issues, as demanded in the meeting between all the dukes.
William and his companions continue to stay in Destonea working for Reiken, or actually, for Hokuto. They call themselves the Shadows, a simple name that accurately reflects their nature. They are spies and assassins, and very efficient at their job. The Shadows are a gift from Lady Bleaumenaux to Hokuto, Slatina's professional spies, only known to a very few, always working behind the scenes. The group Shadows was created by Lin's father, people raised to become secret spies and assassins, to do the necessary things that can't be talked about. Similarly, Hokuto was raised to be Lady Bleaumenaux's closest bodyguard. Slatina was a territory filled with corrupted leaders, and Lin's father was a wise man that prepared himself for the situations in advance, though in the end it still didn't save him, and it almost didn't save his daughter either. William is the only one from the Shadows that Hokuto ever meets, the others remain in secrecy, maybe for their safety, or for Hokuto's safety, he isn't really sure. Nevertheless, the help from the Shadows will be extremely valuable in his quest to conquer the territory of Dorohoi.
Reiken, Hokuto and John have learned many things in the past week and days, but now it's time to work towards their objective more seriously. They need to make the city grow, get more powerful, and create soldiers. There will be a great dispute in the near future for control of Dorohoi, and Destonea is one of the weakest cities at the moment. They need to make allies, many more allies. The city's guards are few, and not well trained. If they fought a battle in their current condition, they would easily lose. Fortunately, Lady Bleaumenaux has also left Hokuto with a good sum of money. They decide to use that money to start hiring and training more soldiers to fight for Destonea, but the city itself doesn't have many people capable of becoming warriors, he needs to make alliances with other places, starting with every nearby village.
At one point John had suggested that they increase the tax the people have to pay to their lord, while Reiken said they should lower it, as that would make the people like him even more, but in the end they decide to leave it as it is, they need all the money they can get, but maintaining a good reputation is equally important.
Although the missionaries of the Liberation Army had to return to Slatina, the churches that were built continue to work with people native to Dorohoi that continue to preach the teachings of the Goddess. There are many people from Dorohoi that joined this religion in the past months, and the horns are growing on their heads. Right now the people of Destonea that are turning religious are few, but their numbers continue to increase. This situation raises problems as much as it solves, though many people feel saved, they get in conflicts with others that despise the religion.
Reiken and all his helpers continue to work on many things in Destonea, they can't leave the city just yet, but soon they plan to go to other villages and start making allies.

***

Alliance with bandits?

After many days are past, the young warrior receives a visit from someone that he had nearly forgotten. Pam, the wife of the bandit that kept him imprisoned for over three days, is at the doorstep of the manor waiting to speak to him. She has a few of her companions with her, along with her small son, Jacob. Hokuto reminds having told her the last time they talked that if she wanted she could come to Destonea to join him. Reiken has been controlling his body most of the time lately, to not raise suspicions on the people around him, but with Pam, Hokuto should do the talking, as she is more used to him.
"Pam, hello," Hokuto greets her with a smile, trying to be friendly.
Pam and the few around her lower their heads respectfully to greet Hokuto. Reiken still doesn't feel very comfortable when people bow to him, he doesn't like formalities and he doesn't really feel like he deserves such things, but Hokuto appreciates the gesture of respect and feels worthy. John doesn't like Pam and her friends.
"When you told me you wanted to become lord of a city, I really didn't believe you at all."
"Yeah I can understand that," Hokuto speaks in a calm, pleasant tone with her.
"Even from where we were staying, we heard about you and this city, so we decided to come check it out. I was surprised to really see you stepping out of this manor. I want to ask you something, about that offer of we being able to stay here," she pauses for a moment feeling awkward, but then goes straight to the point, "can we really take it?"
"They are bandits, Hokuto. You really think we can accept them in our city like this?" John speaks in their mind.
"They may be bandits, but that is just how they had to live in order to survive. I think that with us they won't want to steal or kidnap people anymore. More importantly, we need more people to join us," Reiken says his opinion.
"You really believe they can just change like that? Change their habits, the way they always lived, only because now they will be able to? Don't expect people to change so easily, Reiken. And it's not just about their past, is what can happen in the future. Weren't they pursued and attacked by nobles? If they find out these bandits are with us, what will happen?"
"Hum... you do have a point, you're also thinking like a leader, John."
Hokuto wished to discuss his opinion with them, but he can't speak with them while controlling the body, not in front of Pam. He makes his own decision and says what he wants.
"You and your companions will be welcome here, but I have one condition."
"What condition?"
"I need more people to fight with me, to join me. Every able warrior that you have, men and women, must join the guard of Destonea. This is the condition. Of course, they would also be paid for it."
"Every one of them?"
"Yes."
Pam starts thinking hard about it, with a frown on her face like she is hesitating. She looks back to her companions, and they look at her without saying or expressing anything, they seem to trust her to make this decision by herself. She faces her son for a moment, then turns back to Hokuto with her answer.
"I... we accept."
"I'm going to look in the records for a place that you and your people can stay, find me here later, go take a look around the city in the meanwhile."
"Thank you. I'm going to call for the others and talk to them as well."
Pam bows to Hokuto again by lowering her head, and every person with her does the same. Hokuto smiles and turns to go back inside the manor.
"Are you sure of this, Hokuto?"
"I agreed with you in a certain way, John, but we need allies. If there is a risk involved because of her reputation, I'll take it, and I'm sure it's something that can be solved. If those nobles that attacked the village is the problem, then I think confrontation with them was inevitable in the future anyway, sooner or later."
"Why do you say that?"
"Aren't we the 'commoner's leader' now? Judging by the story she told us, those nobles aren't the kind that would become our allies considering the name we made for ourselves. Like I said before, taking this path comes with its problems."
"But we can't afford to have this confrontation too soon, either."
"Still, we need more people, we need allies."
And so Pam and his companions, men, women and children survivors to the attack on their village, start living in Destonea. Hokuto finds a place for them to stay in the city, and direct them there. In the next day, he doesn't waste any time to put everyone to work on something for the city, turning every capable person into soldiers for him. He takes them to the training area of Destonea, the place where he started fighting Roarch's bandits months ago, and tells them to start training as soon as possible. He wished to supervise the training personally, but at the moment he doesn't have much time for that. There are few dozens of soldiers occupying the training area already, and a few people designated by Hokuto to work as the supervisors.
In the next day one of these supervisors come and tell the young warrior something that the three of them find very interesting. He is told that there is a woman there training that really stands out from the others. Hokuto, being very interested, goes there as soon as he can to check on such woman. When he arrives at the training area, he sees many people watching a battle, he comes closer and finds Pam fighting against two men and one woman at the same time. Pam fights with a two-handed long sword, and beats her three opponents with certain ease. She starts  pointing out the mistakes they did, with the attitude of a master.
"Impressive. I didn't know you were such a good warrior, Pam." Hokuto approaches her.
"Reiken! Well... it's been awhile, but I'm getting back in shape."
"Would you duel with me? Or are you too tired right now?"
"I'm fine, these guys can't even make me break a sweat. I heard a lot about you here, I was looking forward duel you as well, but I must warn you, I'm not going to go easy on you. Going easy is not my style."
"Ha ha, I hope you don't."
They go to the middle of the training area and ready their weapons, Hokuto picks up his spear and Pam wields her long sword. They are both smiling at each other and everyone around is silently watching with great interest. Hokuto makes the first move, he delivers an attack that Pam easily deflects, but he follows with another so quickly that gets her unprepared, managing to unbalance her sword, and with a third move he stops his spear at her chest. Everybody is looking with amazement on their faces.
"You hesitated, I thought you said going easy wasn't your style."
"You're fast!" Pam says in awe.
"Are you going to try again?"
"Forgive me, I underestimated you... yet again."
"Don't worry about it."
"Ok then, let's go again, this time I'll show you what I can do."
"Great."
The two of them go back to smiling and facing each other. The spectators are more tense then the fighters themselves. Hokuto makes the first move once again and this time Pam is well more prepared, she deflects every attack he tries and manages to also swing at him at certain moments, but Hokuto easily dodges. She is good, Hokuto thinks, but she really must be a little out of practice, her attacks are just a little clumsy, but he can imagine she must have had a lot of training, she is way over the average warrior. The fight lasts a lot longer than the other one, and Hokuto wins again. When it is over, Pam is exhausted. Everybody is once again greatly impressed with their duel.
"Amazing," Pam says while trying to catch her breath.
"I didn't know you were such a good warrior, I'm impressed."
Hokuto said that without realizing it might seem arrogant of him in this situation, considering the difference in age between the two, but nobody really thinks he was arrogant, on the contrary, everybody respects him for being such a young and skilled warrior.
"Pam, you could really help train these soldiers with skills like that. Would you do that for me?"
"Well, I was already pretty much doing that anyway," she looks at him and smiles.
"Great. When I can, I'll come here to train with you. I'll be leaving now, excuse me. See you later everyone."
Hokuto turns and leaves without looking at anyone else.
"I wished to know the story of this woman," Reiken starts talking.
"I wished to know too, it must be quite interesting. We can ask her later. We have much to do now, plans to make."
"Looking at you going through books and records all the time bores me," John says.
"We need to know the history of this territory to be able to understand the people in it, and we need to know the people if we want to persuade them to join us. We also need to know how a city works to be able to make it grow."
"Yeah yeah, I know. I was always a man of a small village, a mere lumberjack, these complicated things just aren't for me."
"You shouldn't diminish yourself just for having a simple life, anyone is capable of great deeds if they try."
"I like a simple life, everything is better if we don't have to think much."
"I like to think about things," Reiken comments.
"I'm not stupid or saying I prefer to be one, I'm just saying that life is better without any big problems or having to make big decisions."
"Even so, I like having problems to solve. There are so many things we are being able to accomplish, with everything that happened."
"Well, whatever then."
And the conversation ends.

***

Making new allies

When Reiken finally gets the free time that he wanted, he organizes a small trip to a nearby village called Moreni in search of alliances. He departs early with a few guards and advisors riding on horses. They ride over a long green plains, there are few trees to be seen and many flowered camps on the way. He arrives at the village after only about an hour of travelling. This village sustains itself by mainly working with cattle. Reiken leaves two men with all the horses at the entrance of the village, and walk inside it with the others. They walk around Moreni, for the moment just to watch the place and the people for a while, and after some time walking he sees a very interesting scene. Two kids are fighting each other pretty violently. They both barely look to be over ten years old, and even though they are bleeding from some bruises, they continue to punch each other. Reiken has seen a lot of violence in his childhood, but even to him this situation is shocking, still for some reason he feels he shouldn't interfere. Hokuto on the other hand doesn't want to think twice about it, he was just about to take control of Reiken's body to do something to stop them when another man suddenly appears doing it first.
"Hey, hey. What is going on here?" The mans speaks while separating the two kids apart.
"He called me a retard!" One of the kids speaks while pointing at the other.
"Ha ha ha ha ha!" The man laughs while still holding off the two of them. "You are fighting each other because of this? Then I think you two are hurt enough already, why don't you leave each other be now and go tend to those wounds?" The man waits for them to obey, but they continue staring at each other. "NOW!" He shouts at them.
The two kids stop staring at each other and head off on different directions. The man stands there watching them for a moment, and Reiken notices he has a smile on his face, like he is satisfied with what happened.
"This man doesn't seem any shocked with what happened, on the contrary, he actually looks glad," Hokuto says this feeling disgusted.
"Yeah, I was just noticing that myself, but I kind of understand it, it's not that weird, after all, the sooner the kids learn to fight, the better," John says.
"What?"
"What? You think it's that strange?"
Hokuto almost readily said 'of course', but he hesitated. He recognizes this is something that he doesn't have much knowledge about, and he doesn't want to give John the satisfaction of being right over him either. Hokuto had a very rough childhood, he was trained every day in order to become a great warrior, but it's not the same as this. He remembers that during his childhood, in the moments that were the most hard and painful, he would lament the life he had, and wish for a 'normal' one. As it turns out, the normal he wished for is quite different from reality, but he believes this can change with the Goddess' guidance. Reiken also had to endure a lot of violence during his childhood, and what John said made he think that if he fought more, if he had embraced that violence, he could have been stronger at moments when he needed to be. John doesn't think much about this situation, he believes this is the natural course of things.
After walking for just a while longer, he decides to ask a villager where he can find the elder of this place. Someone leads him to the elder's house, who readily invites him inside the house to talk. This elder is quite old, Reiken thinks to himself that people of this man's age are rare, people don't usually live that long. Reiken enters the house with another two companions and the elder asks him to wait for his son to come join the conversation. They wait for ten minutes, until a man suddenly enters the room. It's the same man that they saw separating the kids from the fight just before. This man looks to be around thirty years old, and he is very muscular.
"I am here, what do you want chief?"
"Be polite in front of our visitors, boy. This young man here says he is Lord of Destonea, and that he has a proposition to us."
"Ah, really?" The man looks at Reiken. "Sorry, pal. What is this proposition?" He goes to sit next to the elder man.
"I would like to make an alliance with Moreni."
"Alliance, is it? What kind of alliance?"
"Now that the Dorohoi territory doesn't have a duke, a war for control of it will be inevitable. I need more warriors, soldiers to fight with me."
"Warriors, huh? And what do we gain with this alliance?"
"By becoming my ally, I will offer protection and whatever help I can for the prosperity of this village. In other words, the right to a peaceful and comfortable life. You should realize that if you don't join anyone, your village will still be caught in the middle of this incoming war sooner or later. You could end up being forced to serve whatever stronger force that comes to control this place. It would be wise to make allies now who are willing to be cooperative, instead of forceful."
"Right, right. That seems really interesting, but I'm not interested."
"Why not, you idiot?" The elder man scolds his son. "You should at least try to give some thought to it."
"But look at him, chief. Can you really take this kid seriously? I'd rather take my chances with whatever 'stronger force' that may come here."
Being called a kid so often always makes Reiken a little angry, but he doesn't say anything.
"Show some respect, boy. This lad may seem young, but you should at least try to check him, think of what he is proposing, before you can refuse so bluntly. You know that we need help."
"The kid is speaking of bringing peace? Well that's just bullshit to me, I don't believe in peace, I believe in strength, only strength can bring prosperity. We have many strong men here, we can handle ourselves. I wouldn't feel well having a weak kid like him be my leader."
"I'm not saying that you should accept, but you don't even think about it. How are you going to lead Moreni in the future with a thick head like that? To you it's always strength that matters."
The two of them keep fighting with each other like Reiken wasn't there, so Hokuto decides to give him some advice.
"Don't let him treat you like that, Reiken. You have to intimidate him, try to be rough with this man, I think it'll work with him."
Reiken gives it some thought and decide to act. "I'm not a kid. Take back what you said," Reiken gets up from his chair, sounding very serious.
"Ah, sorry, I didn't mean to offend you," the man turns to Reiken, not looking intimidated.
"It wasn't apologies that I asked for, I told you to take back what you said."
"Look, I have nothing against you but... I don't take orders from people who are weaker than me. It's a matter of honor, you understand, right?"
"You think you are stronger than me?"
"What? You're joking, right?"
"Let's have a duel, then. After I win, I'll make you bow before me."
"Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha, you want to fight me? I like how bold you are, at least. Ok, if you beat me, I'll bow to you, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha."
"If I win, you'll accept our alliance."
"Fine, if you win, we'll become allies, and I'll bow to you."
Reiken smiles. They both go out of the house, and the man starts calling for everyone close by to gather around them to watch their duel, he wants everyone to witness the fight. The people gather with expectations and smiles, like it's something they are used to and enjoy watching.
"Excellent work with what you said, Reiken," Hokuto speaks to him. "The man accepted the alliance without even thinking about it, he seems pretty confident of his skills, you shouldn't take him lightly."
"Wait, you're not fighting him in my place?" Reiken whispers.
"You fight him, Reiken. I trust you, and it will be good practice."
"But this is important, it isn't practice."
"Reiken, this is part of being a leader, show us your strength."
"Are you sure he'll be ok? I admit you're pretty skilled, but I don't know about him," John says.
"Reiken can move the same way I do, it's something he learned by sharing the same body."
"Is that so?" John says feeling interested.
The fight is about to start. Reiken's opponent is bigger, stronger and much heavier than he is. He wears two metal bracers as his armor, and intends to fight Reiken using his fists, a style that he probably learned from often brawling against other people. Reiken unsheathes his two swords. Reiken's companions are also watching the fight in the distance, in the circle of people that formed around the two combatants.
"You ready?" The man asks.
"You can come at me anytime," Reiken answers.
The man smiles and doesn't waste time to act, he dashes towards Reiken, making him very surprised, not knowing how to defend himself against fists. Hokuto feels an urge to take his spear and fight the man, it would've been easy to stop his charge with one, but he wants Reiken to fight him, so he shouts at him to try to dodge, but Reiken isn't able to think about it in time, he just instinctively tries to block the man with his swords. This is exactly what his opponent wanted, his superior size and his sudden charge intimidated Reiken, and he throws him back with brute force, making Reiken roll on the ground. He smiles with his easy success, thinking he already won, and many people around start laughing at the fight. Usually that would've been enough to knock someone out of Reiken's size, but Reiken is in very good shape, with all the fights he has been through the past months. After rolling on the floor he quickly stops on one knee.
"Come on, Reiken, get up and attack him, you can do it," Hokuto cheers for Reiken like the fight was his own, and Hokuto hates losing.
Reiken gets up quickly and runs towards the bulky man, surprising him. He delivers a series of attacks with his swords, and the man starts blocking them with his metal bracers. While defending himself, the man tries to close in the distance between then, and suddenly he grabs Reiken's right sword with his left hand, and tries to deliver a strong punch at Reiken's face with his right one. Reiken's reflexes makes him let go of his sword and dodge by quickly ducking, the man punches the air and Reiken takes this chance to quickly uppercut the man in his chin using his free hand. He punches him so hard that he feels he might have broken his fist at the man's chin, but if he didn't do it with all his strength, it wouldn't have been enough to hurt the man. Reiken quickly takes the chance while his opponent is briefly stunned to press his remaining sword at his chest. The man recovers from Reiken's punch by shaking his head and realizes the sword pressed against him.
"I lost?"
Reiken steps back and looks around him, seeing the faces of the people looking impressed.
"Anyone else want to fight me?" He shouts so everyone can hear him.
"Wait! Let's go again."
He looks back at the man asking for another duel. Reiken picks up his sword that he dropped and gives his answer by positioning himself for combat. He is more confident now. This time he doesn't wait for the man to attack, he takes advantage of the longer reach of his swords and attacks him first. The man defends himself really well, he is well focused on the opponent's attacks, he closes in the distance slowly between then, and then tries to deliver a blow with his fist, but the problem is that when he does, he does it hard, and the metal bracers are heavy, it's a blow to knock his opponent out with only one hit, and it probably must work against many people, but Reiken developed great reflexes with Hokuto, and he swiftly dodges his attack. After dodging many blows, he sees a chance to deliver a definite final attack when the man makes himself vulnerable. Reiken wins once again.
"Ha. Fine, you win," the man smiles, looking satisfied.
"Bow." Reiken sheathes his swords and crosses his arms.
The man thinks about laughing at him, but changes his mind instantly after seeing Reiken's serious expression. After thinking for a moment, he smiles, and kneels, bowing his head to Reiken.
"I'm sorry, but what was your name again?" The man raises his head and asks.
"It's Reiken."
"You're strong, Reiken, and very skilled, for your age. I thought you were going to use that spear. When you picked the swords, I thought you already lost, but you won nonetheless. I'm not ashamed to bow to a man like you, and that means a lot coming from someone like me. The people of Moreni believe in strength, it is the only thing that has kept us safe all this time, it's thanks to the strength that we try to build here that we were able to get through many difficulties in the past. I don't really understand the condition of Dorohoi, but if I have to, I wouldn't mind fighting at the side of a man like you, the Moreni Brawlers will be at your command, when the time comes."
Reiken feels very accomplished after hearing this, the way he is being respected, he feels like a stronger person every time he conquers a challenge.
"My name is Alfredo, by the way." The man extends his hand to shake Reiken's. "How about you come with us to the bar to talk for a while, we can enjoy ourselves and you can meet the rest of the people as well."
Reiken is thinking about his invitation, and Hokuto gives incentive to accept it, it's important to try to bond with his new allies. They all start walking towards this bar together.
"Excellent fight, Reiken, you did really well," Hokuto speaks to him while he walks.
"Yeah, not bad, kid, not bad at all," John also compliments Reiken in his own way.
They all go to a bar to talk and drink. It becomes very loud with Alfredo and many other men shouting all the time, talking about whatever they feel like, mostly about battles they fought in the past. At some point even Reiken's companions who were guarding the horses at Moreni's entrance joined him in the bar. They ask questions to Reiken while forcing drinks on him. Reiken just answers in any way he can, keeping it short and believable, but he feels that he is going to start getting sick if he drinks anymore. After one hour, while everyone is all happily talking to each other while drinking, Reiken finds an opportunity to slip away from there.
"Ha ha ha ha, oh man. It feels like I'm back to my teen days," John talks to Reiken, "it's weird to be feeling this dizzy after such a few drinks."
"That stuff tastes so bad. I don't understand how everyone likes beer so much. And all that noise... that was so hard to bear."
"You kidding, kid? That stuff is great. You tell him, Hokuto."
"Sorry, I also don't like drinking, or the noise. You should look into drinking some water, Reiken. It will make you feel better."
"Alright... thanks, ugh..." Reiken burps.
He looks for water to drink, and after half an hour resting, he starts to feel better. It's not dark yet, but dusk is coming, so he decides to just ride back to Destonea on his own, leaving the men that accompanied him behind at the bar. Who knows when they'll get out of there.

***

Making old enemies

The young warrior continues to lead the city of Destonea as the day passes, trying to make adjustments to the commerce of the city, building fortifications around in preparation for a possible attack, and training with the soldiers once in a while. After a week is past, Reiken is suddenly called to come to Destonea's entrance as a situation has occurred. Reiken goes there with urgency, and finds a young man that looks to be a noble. This noble was prevented from entering the city, since he is being accompanied by close to forty guards, all riding their own horses. Hokuto tells Reiken that it is best he handles the situation, taking control of the body. Before approaching the noble, he asks a nearby guard to bring more.
"My name is Reiken, current Lord of Destonea. Is there something I can do for you?" Hokuto presents himself politely.
The noble looks down at Hokuto and frowns, not believing what he heard.
"Is this some kind of joke?"
"It is no joke."
"A commoner? And one so young? Please, stop wasting my time, bring me the real lord of this place."
Reiken is very offended with the noble, he certainly would've tried to offend the noble back, but Hokuto isn't offended, in fact he is used to this, he knows that nobles normally speak in that arrogant way. Still, Hokuto decides to make himself sound more serious and worthy of respect.
"If you don't want to speak with me, then it's my time that is being wasted, I have a lot to do."
The noble looks at Hokuto thinking about the situation.
"Alright, if you say so. Then allow me to present myself, I am Brian Stockom, son of Braun Stockom, from Avrig."
"And what brings you to Destonea, sir Stockom?"
"For years I've been trying to hunt down a woman named Pam, a very dangerous bandit. I heard that she came to this city. Do you know anything about that?"
"Hum... maybe."
"Let me put it this way then, I already know that she is in this city, I'm only asking permission to come in and I'll get her myself, without issues. Well, if you want to assist me in the capture of this bandit, then that would be appreciated."
"I refuse to give you permission."
"What? You're refusing me permission to capture a single woman? A bandit?"
"I don't care what she did in the past, she is with me now."
"Ha ha. Do you have any idea of what you're saying? Are you certain that you want to deny me passage?"
At this moment, more guards of Destonea are gathering at the entrance, their numbers put some pressure on the noble and his guards, since they are becoming very outnumbered.
"Sorry but you're not getting through, maybe you should just return to Avrig."
"This is an absurd. You would prefer to make me your enemy instead of delivering one single woman to me?"
"Correct."
"You have no idea what you got yourself into, kid. I have no idea how you managed to become lord of this city, with such stupidity. But very well, if that's how you want things to be, fine. In the end it will be for the best, this commoner's village of yours is an insult to Dorohoi, nothing more appropriate than us, the Stockoms, being in charge of solving this problem."
"You should leave now, people here aren't fond of nobles."
"I'm leaving, but don't worry, we'll meet again soon, 'sir' Reiken."
The noble Brian Stockom turns and departs with all his guards, galloping at fast speed. The guards of Destonea that had gathered at the entrance slowly start to dissipate and go back to their places. Hokuto notices that some people around him are whispering looking worried, and some are smiling at him proudly.
"Nice way of 'solving' things, Hokuto. Making us a new enemy instead of giving them that bandit woman," John says.
"I don't agree to give her away to that noble, but I'm also worried of what can happen now," Reiken says.
"It's inevitable. Giving away that formidable warrior would certainly weaken our forces, and not just because of her, but the people that came with her would end up leaving as well. I'm worried too, Reiken, I don't think we are prepared already to fight against the forces of some rich noble, but sooner or later we'll have to face those battles."
"And what now? What do you suggest we do?"
"For starters, I think it's time we start questioning Pam's story. We need more information."
Hokuto asks someone to summon Pam to the manor, where he goes to wait for her. She doesn't take long to arrive, she must have come as soon as she got the message. They go to a room to talk alone.
"Have you heard about our recent visitor?" Hokuto asks dismissing any formalities with her.
"Yes, I've been told."
"Stockoms. They are the ones responsible for the attack on your village, isn't that right?"
"Yes."
"Why are they after you? Why would they come all the way over here only to demand your capture?"
"I have a certain history with the Stockoms."
"Well? I'm listening."
Pam sighs and pauses for a moment to think on what to say. "When I was young, I was trained to be a mercenary. I had a rough training. Later then I became a mercenary for hire for nobles. But I didn't like the job, I decided to live in a different way. I created a gang with my long time companions and we became bandits, kidnapping nobles and demanding a ransom to release them. Then one day, I met Jacob..."
"Your son?"
"No... his father is named Jacob as well. I didn't like the man at first, but he looked so fascinated with me, he wouldn't stop following me, and he kept challenging me to duels, but he would never win. Eventually, I fell in love with him. We were already living in that village on the mountains when my son Jacob was born. When I became a mother, I decided to abandon my bandit life, but Jacob continued on, to sustain us."
"And what's your involvement with the Stockoms?"
"You must have guessed, they were one of our victims once. I kidnapped the young Brian Stockom many years ago, before my son was born, before I started living in that village. Don't ask me why, but that kid simply never got over being kidnapped, he swore to pursue me and get revenge at me just because he was locked up in a cell for a few days."
"Seems extreme, but from the little that I saw of his character, I don't find this hard to believe. People with power usually believe they deserve to be treated better than others, after all, they have influence over many things, it's hard to disrespect or disregard them."
They keep silent for many seconds.
"Reiken... I wanted to thank you for sending him away. I should leave Destonea now, that kid won't stop pursuing me until I'm captured."
"That won't be necessary."
"What do you mean?"
"I need you, we will fight back against him."
"You want to fight him? Why? This conflict has nothing to do with you, and besides, you are underestimating their power, the Stockoms can easily summon an army much larger than what this city can muster."
"We will find a way to defeat them."
"You're... crazy. Why do you want to fight them? You don't need to do this for me."
"I'm not doing this for you, I'm doing this for me. Stay with me, we'll find a way to defeat them. I'll think of something."
"Are you sure about this?"
"Yes, I'm sure."
"Very well then, as you wish."
"Good."
"Will that be all?"
"Yes, you're dismissed. We'll talk more during another time."
"Excuse me, then."
Pam leaves the room.
"So? What is the plan then? You must have one, right?" John asks with a little sarcasm.
"I don't have one at the moment, but either way fighting against the city of Avrig head on is out of the question in our current condition. We should gather whatever information we can on our enemy for now, I'll call William and use the Shadows for that, their help will be invaluable."
"It's a start," Reiken says.
Hokuto has a certain method worked with William for when he wants to talk to him when needed, and that same day, he meets William somewhere in Destonea. Hokuto asks him to call for an investigation in Avrig, the city where the Stockoms live, and give him any useful information that they can find. Just before dismissing him, Hokuto has another idea, a hunch, and he also asks William to keep an eye on Pam. After this the two of them part ways and Hokuto goes searching for information on the new enemy in any way he can.
Later during the night, the hunch that Hokuto had pays off, he receives message sent by William that Pam and her companions seem to be preparing themselves to leave the city during this same night. Hokuto immediately goes after her before she leaves. He manages to catch her still readying her things at the house she is staying, the door was unlocked so he just enters without knocking. The house is small, and the little Jacob looks at Hokuto as soon as he enters.
"Reiken!" Jacob greets him and gives Hokuto a hug.
"Hello, kid," Hokuto places his hand on Jacob's head.
"Reiken! What are you doing here?" Pam comes out of a room, looking surprised.
"I heard you were leaving."
"How? Who told you that?"
"I had a hunch you would want to, so I had you watched."
Pam doesn't know what to say to Hokuto and stays silent.
"Why have you decided to leave?"
"It's best if we part our ways, you shouldn't get yourself involved in my past."
"Certainly you're not leaving because you're thinking about me, tell me your real reason, why do you want to run?"
Pam sighs thinking on what to say. The little Jacob just stares at both of them without saying a word, still at Hokuto's side. Pam sits down and stares at her son.
"It's Jacob that I'm thinking about. I want to be at his side as a mother, taking care of him, letting he live a happy life, I don't want him to have a mother that keeps fighting, putting herself in danger. I abandoned the life I had because of him."
"I see... I understand."
"So you understand that I need to leave."
"I understand, but I don't agree. You're trying to have a peaceful life, but the past keeps chasing you, it led to the destruction of your village on the mountains, and the death of your husband. For how long are you going to continue running? If you want to start a new life, you have to settle the problems you created first. You can have my help to fight against the Stockoms, and I certainly need yours as well."
"Mom," the little Jacob looks at her, "a true hero never flees."
Pam just chuckles at Jacob, a typical comment from the son she knows so well, with his head full of stories of heroism told by his father.
"I will give you time to think. If you still want to leave then, go ahead."
Hokuto says goodbye to the little Jacob and leaves the house.
"Do you think that was enough to convince her?" Reiken asks.
"I don't know, but we can't force her, she must decide this on her own."
"At least if she leaves, we shouldn't have to fight against the Stockoms," John says.
"Eventually we'll still have to fight them in some way, if we want to become duke."
They go back to the manor and go to sleep.

***

The plan

After only a week, William comes to Hokuto with information of Avrig. The information was gathered in an impressively short time, but still a time that Hokuto spent quite nervous with the possibility of being attacked while still unprepared. William and Hokuto talk alone somewhere in Destonea, William tells him the information that he received.
"I've been told that there is no indication that Avrig plans to attack anyone anytime soon, the Shadows that investigated it found out some interesting things, but before I get to that, I'm going to explain a little about the situation at the city. Avrig is being controlled by nobles, as most big cities, but the Stockoms aren't the only noble family controlling it. Avrig doesn't have a particular lord yet, there are three noble families controlling the city, and not just the city, but also some nearby villages. Each family has its portion of influence over the people, but the influence and power of the Stockoms seem to be the dominant one. Still, they don't have enough influence to gather the whole city against us, and from what was heard, capturing Pam is not on the Stockoms priority list."
"So this means that this obsession for Pam is really something just particular to that kid Brian, and he can't possibly have enough soldiers at his disposal to attack Destonea on his own."
"That's right. And I've been told that this obsession for Pam is no secret there. There is a high price on her head. But we should be safe regarding the possibility of a full-scale attack on Destonea, the relationship between the three noble families doesn't seem to be stable, so they must have other problems to take care of there."
"Then we should have plenty of time to prepare."
"Yes, but that being the case, I'm certain that if this Brian Stockom's obsession is as big as it is said, he will still try to do something, likely infiltrate people in Destonea to assassinate Pam here."
"Agreed, he wouldn't waste much time now that he knows that Pam is here. She is being well guarded by her companions, in fear that something can happen, but they might not be able to protect her at some point. Her gang seem to respect Pam a lot, and many of them are pretty skilled warriors, I wouldn't like to lose Pam, she is quite valuable."
"Still, don't discard the possibility of we still being attacked by a full-scale army of Avrig, we don't know all the details of the relationship between the three families, or what their interests are like. If they suddenly decide it's to everyone's interest to attack Destonea, they could end up joining, and you wouldn't stand a chance."
"If my objective was only to remain the Lord of Destonea, I would just try to solve things with diplomacy, but this isn't my mission, I want to become the duke of Dorohoi, and I won't accomplish this without conquering other cities. Gathering our forces and attacking them head on is out of the question, they would defend themselves with everything they got, still we can't stay here and wait until they get together and decide to attack us first. I need to seek a solution to this, maybe I should just use the time I have to make more allies."
"You could infiltrate inside Avrig with our help, along with the best warriors that you can gather, and maybe we can do something to manipulate the situation in Avrig from the inside."
"You're suggesting that I infiltrate Avrig? That seems way too risky, if I'm caught there, it would be the end. Not to mention that I'm the Lord of Destonea, the people need me here."
"Hokuto, you're the most skilled warrior that I've ever heard of. Your reputation in Slatina was beyond great, your reflexes are unmatched. I never said this to you before, but I've always respected you, I heard many stories about you. You're wasting your talents, you're a warrior. Maybe you should just put someone else to handle the work you do here, and focus on what you do best."
This comment has hit Hokuto with clarity. They've been trying to handle so many things on their own, and never stopped to think on how to best utilize their time, they just thought they had to do it. If it can be helped, Hokuto certainly wants to go back to doing what he does best, fighting. He hasn't been practicing his combat skills much, and he always wished he could more actively participate in the training of the soldiers of Destonea.
"You're right, William. What you said now really made me think. If possible, I would wish to do like you say."
"I'm eager to see you back in action."
"I didn't ask this to you before, but I wondered, why are you and the Shadows here working for me?"
"Well, we would normally still be working for Lady Bleaumenaux, but with the new religion in Slatina, things changed and our services aren't as much required. That is one reason, but actually the most relevant one is that everyone from the Shadows didn't want to submit to the teachings of the Goddess, we are spies and assassins after all, we just couldn't accept Her ideals. And since we became one of the very few that doesn't have horns in Slatina, it became impossible to do our job."
"I see, it makes a lot of sense. Thanks for telling me."
"No problem."
"Thanks for all the information, William, I'm going to need time to think and work out on your suggestion. I'll be off now."
William bows to Hokuto and leaves. Hokuto goes back to the manor to think hard about what to do and to discuss it with the other two.
"Infiltrating Avrig... I don't believe this to be a good idea. What are you thinking, Hokuto?"
"If I could make this decision only thinking of myself, then I like it, I don't mind taking the risk, and he is right, I was raised to be warrior, not a leader. But this decision is not about myself, it's more complicated, you're an icon in this city, the people respect you and see you as a savior, a young and great warrior who fought for the weak. If you're not here in Destonea for too long, what will the people turn to think of you? They will believe they were abandoned, and we can't tell them that we left for some secret mission of great importance, since it wouldn't be secret. Still, we need someone that is capable of taking care of things here while we are away."
"Seems like a case without solution," John says.
"The first thing we need to do is find someone we can trust to take care of Destonea in our place."
"You know, Hokuto, maybe this respect that you say people have for me can be to our favor," Reiken says. "They might miss our presence here thinking we abandoned Destonea, or they might trust us enough to knowing that we left for a good reason, and that we will return. We need to make them think it's the latter, maybe because we left to take care of negotiations somewhere, or make important allies, whatever."
"Hum," Hokuto voices that he is thinking. "Maybe you are right, maybe you are wrong. I'm still not sure if it's worth the risk."
"It should be alright, we only need to make sure that this city and its people will be fine without us, they won't lose respect for me if I'm away for some time."
"I'm fine with leaving the city for a secret mission, this current life we are having is boring me to death anyway," John says.
"Heh... ironic how I was the one that most wanted to go with William's suggestion, and at the same time the one that least wanted to do it. Ok, Reiken, then let's try it. You're getting very mature with all the experience that we've been living. I'm going to believe that you are right."
And hence they start preparing for this plan. There are many people that became close to Reiken, trustful people that supported and helped him this past month. Reiken's popularity has greatly increased with time. The first thing they decide to do is gather their closest companions to explain their plan and intention of leaving the city for some time, asking them to take care of the people in Reiken's absence, protecting them, containing any rumours, keeping them satisfied and not worried about their leader being missing. These companions question Reiken's intentions a little, but they don't press him hard, they trust his decision and agree to do what was asked. 
The second thing they do is gather some of the best warriors of Destonea. He explains once again the plan to these warriors, about how he wants to infiltrate Avrig and try to weaken the enemy from inside. He explains that it is a dangerous plan, but they will get help with the infiltration. Pam is among these warriors that were listening to Hokuto, she did not abandon him after the conversation they had a week ago, she decided to take on his suggestion to resolve her situation with the Stockoms once and for all. Hokuto asks which warriors wants to accompany him in this mission, and most of them accepts. Pam doesn't say anything, she is hesitating to accept the plan, and Hokuto decides to talk to her after noticing this.
"Pam, I know that it may seem too risky for you to enter the city of the Stockoms, but I believe that you're also not safe here. Now that Brian Stockom knows you're here, he probably won't waste any effort to capture you. You will be safer outside of Destonea, and I'm sure they won't be searching for you in their own territory."
"I thought of that, but I can't leave my son alone here, and I can't take him with me."
"I think Lord Reiken is right," says one of Pam's companions, also one of the best warriors of the city. "We've been noticing a few suspicious people following you lately, I think 
 best you leave this city, and keep Jacob hidden, he will be in more danger if he is with you, be it here, or there."
Pam is deeply thinking on what to do. "First I want to find such place for my son to stay, and I need to speak with him. If I find a place that I'm certain that he will be fine, then you can count with my help. I also want to settle things with Brian as soon as possible."
"I'll make the preparations for our leave, all of you should use your time today to do what you want to, tomorrow we'll meet again to start our journey.  We depart at very late during the night, to not call for any attention. Until then."
Hokuto finishes the meeting, it's already very late, but before he goes to sleep he decides to have another talk with William, to better arrange the details about their infiltration at Avrig. Hokuto also needs to use different clothes to change his appearance, he needs to look like any other simple commoner.

***

"Anger can sparkle a wildfire."

Anger leads to hate and suffering. It can take people down to paths of destruction, unto others and oneself. We will always encounter things in life to be angry about, many times even rightfully so, but let it dominate us and we'll be doing wrongs ourselves, spreading the anger like a disease, perpetuating it unto others.
Certainly, anger is a feeling that each person feels differently. Many people are naturally calm, many have a short fuse. But also, anger is something that can be taught, that can be transmitted. The nation in this book is drowned in anger, the amount of tragedies that happen because of it are numerous. John is a great example of it, even though he acquired a life without many disturbances, one that he couldn't complain of, he still didn't let go of the anger that he built up during his life, and this made him make a mistake that led to the tragedy of his village. The children of the village of Moreni are taught to be angry and violent, in order to be able defend themselves, to fight when needed. The noble Brian Stockom never let go of his anger for being captured.
Anger is different for different people, and it can be transmitted, but it can also be mastered. You can learn to control your anger, or contain it. And while unleashed anger can lead to destruction, directed anger can also lead to accomplishments, it can even be used as a weapon, if it is needed. One needs only to take care to not let anger take control.

* * * * *

Chapter 7

Infiltrating Stockom city

On the next day Hokuto departs from Destonea very late in the night alongside his companions, the best and most trustworthy warriors of the city. Hokuto changed his clothes to something that makes him look like a standard commoner, but always wearing a shirt with long sleeves in order to hide the bracelet, he could never pass by a poor commoner while showing a bracelet of such magnificent appearance. Pam changed her clothes to a hood and a cape to hide her appearance as much as possible, but she went beyond just changing clothes, she cut her long dark hair short. As long as she doesn't call for attention and keeps her head down, she should pass by unnoticed in Avrig, a necessary precaution since her face is posted around the city for everyone to know. Twenty warriors joined Reiken for this plan and journey, including Pam and some of her own people. William will also travel with them as a guide. They all rested as much as they could during the day in order to start their journey to Avrig at this late hour.
They walk during the whole day, resting when necessary, and make camp during the next night. It's a two days journey, and they arrive at their destination in the middle of the night of the second day. They decide to enter Avrig separated to not call for much attention, William explains to them where they should go to wait for each other, and he asks to go ahead first on his own. They wait their turns and move inside in small groups. Hokuto is the first to enter the city after William did, along with Pam and two others. Avrig is considerably bigger than Destonea, even this late at night there are plenty of people around, it's easy to notice just how different this city is. The commoners seem to walk around with a weak will, which is actually a normal thing at the Dorohoi territory. Destonea's common folk looked like this when Hokuto first entered it, but now the city became something very different, it became a city that the commoners can be proud of. 'This has to change', Reiken thinks. Most people here walk around with their heads down making an effort to not be noticed, it's the effect of oppression, being ruled by certain nobles is the same as being ruled by bandits, like Destonea was. The nobles believe they are superior, deserving better treatment. 'This has to change', all of them are thinking the same thing now.
The hideout that the Shadows prepared is located in the slums of the city, where only the poorest live. This area has chaotic structuring, but this will only make it easier for them to lose any pursuers, if the need arises. Hokuto and the others couldn't even find the place using William's instructions, but after being lost for a short while, William finds them and takes them to the place they'll be staying. It is a small house with only two rooms, they will have to separate everyone to different houses, since they can't fit in one. This house that Hokuto will be staying seem to have been used recently, since it looks pretty organized. He imagines it's because the Shadows that infiltrated Avrig must have been staying here, but now moved to somewhere else. Hokuto wished to go walk around the city to investigate it right away, but he decides to wait for all the others to arrive and for them to settle in. They should discuss the next step to take, Hokuto doesn't want to waste any time in this city.
After everybody arrived and gathered, they started discussing their plans of action. Their main goal is to weaken the domain of the Stockoms in Avrig, if the Stockoms lose their dominance it should at least prevent them from declaring war against Destonea anytime soon. The current situation of Avrig, as William had explained beforehand, is that it is being separately run by three different families of nobles, the Stockoms, the Kubotas and the Scalets. The Stockom family has the reputation of typical nobles, which most commoners despise. The Kubota family has a equally bad reputation, and are almost as powerful as the Stockoms. The Scalet family are the least influential of the three, but are also the ones with the best reputation among the commoners, which is the main reason for the influence that they have over Avrig. If the Stockoms are weakened, them the other two families should take on the opportunity to increase their dominance in the city. Ideally, they would decide to aggressively fight one another. Nonetheless, in the end of the meeting they decide they will need more investigations on how to achieve their goals, and everyone is dismissed to go to sleep. They managed to arrange nearby houses for everyone to stay, Hokuto stays on the first house with five more, and the other fifteen go to another two places.
Early on the next day, Hokuto has a meeting with the young William as soon as he awakes, to get more information from him. During the time while William travelled to Destonea and back, the Shadows staying in Avrig gathered more information to deliver. William has an impressive amount of new and valuable information to Hokuto. 
The control of Avrig is divided among the three families of nobles in small sectors. Each sector has a different group of guards in it, who may be loyal soldiers to them, or paid mercenaries. These 'guards' keep their sector controlled, and collect payment from the people to give to the nobles controlling that part of the city. This payment is said to be the price for having the area guarded and protected, and for any constructions that may be necessary. Mostly though, what these 'guards' do is just control the people, while also keeping the guards working for the other two families of nobles away from interfering. These guards do occasionally protect the people from deviants and thugs, if only to keep a good image of themselves. Each group of guards has its own leader, someone that responds for the whole group to the nobles. 
Thus, the plan they came up with is to eliminate select leaders of these group of guards, preferably, leaders to groups of mercenaries, since without their leader, they may break their alliance with the nobles, if they killed a leader to a group of loyal guards, they would just appoint another leader in its place. Having explained the reasoning of the plan, William starts to already talk about a list of the best targets the Shadows have come up with, all they need now is a plan of attack. After some of these leaders are eliminated, the influence the Stockoms have over the city will definitely diminish. Hokuto picks one target to focus and investigate, in order to come up with a good plan. Attacking a target is usually easy, getting away without being discovered is the hard part.

***

The first target

For a few days, the young warrior and his companions investigated the sector where the first target they want to eliminate resides, and they discussed many possibilities on how to do it. They set themselves in a plan, and they want to execute it during this night. The target is called Jessica, the leader of a group of mercenaries that call themselves the Iron Talons. 
Jessica is done with her affairs of overseeing her sector while people are closing down their business and going home, except for the taverns. The moon is in a distant phase today, making visibility harder than usual. The woman is returning to her home to rest, accompanied by another fifteen warriors of her group. Jessica walks home reminiscing on another calm day, when she suddenly sees five armed people that she never saw before blocking her passage in a narrow street that they entered. For a moment she just feels confused with the situation, she wonders if those five are really trying to look for a fight against her and the other fifteen, so she looks to her back and sees another five blocking the way they came. They are flanked. 'It's obvious that the intentions of these people are hostile, but what are they here for?' Jessica thinks, 'If they are here to try and kill us, then there has to be more nearby'. Jessica just can't imagine who they are working for and why they want to attack her, but either way, she doesn't have time to reflect on it, she needs to decide what to do. 'There are only five people blocking us on each side, we could try to overpower one side and pass through them running towards a safe place, but this street is too narrow to use our greater numbers, I can't do it without casualties, not to mention it might be a trap and just what they want us to do'. Jessica decides the best course of action is to stay where they are holding their ground and gather more help from her group to quickly turn the situation in their favor, and she knows of another way out of this street that they must not know about, if she hurries she can get more help in two or three minutes. There is an abandoned house built for events right next to them with an exit to the other side.
The ten enemies are slowly closing in on them, she is running out of time to think through her plan, so she decides to act. Jessica orders ten of her companions to stay behind and hold off the ten that are approaching, she tells them she will quickly get help, and she enters the house of events with the remaining five. She knows this place well, she used to watch performances here before it got abandoned. The place they came in leads to a small preparation room, it's the back entrance for the performers, they just need to go through the stage and exit through the entrance, leading to a bigger street. But since it's dark inside, they can't move too fast.
When they enter the stage room, they start to hear the sound of the battle that started outside, Jessica feels the need to hurry and call for more people to help them in time, but when she is about to reach the exit, she notices they are not alone, there is a silhouette being vaguely illuminated by the small light that shines through the boarded windows. Suddenly two fire lanterns are lit on both sides of where they are standing, there are another four people in this big room with them. Hokuto and Pam are in front of the door that leads outside, blocking the way, and another two warriors, a man and a woman, are flanking the enemy from the sides.
"Who are you?" This is the first thing the leader of the Iron Talons ask.
"An enemy of the Stockoms, I'm sorry that you're being caught up in this conflict."
"And you think you can handle us with only the four of you? Get out of my way."
Hokuto positions himself for battle, there is no need for words. Jessica doesn't consider making any deals, she doesn't think these four can take on the six of them, and besides, delivering an enemy of the Stockoms to them could be worth a reward. But still, she can't help feeling nervous, her opponents look confident, and they were smart enough to predict that she would enter this building, this was thoroughly planned, she can't underestimate them. Jessica quickly orders them to split, she attacks Hokuto and Pam with two more, while the other three fight the remaining two. The three of them are good warriors, Hokuto thinks, but he and Pam are in a whole other level, even being two against three they are outperforming the enemy without too much effort. Hokuto fights with his spear, while Pam fights with her two-handed long sword, everybody in the room is using different weapons, according to their preference. Hokuto and Pam are just taking their time with the enemy, they injure them in several places, but one minute passes and nobody has been taken down yet. Jessica on the other hand, is in a hurry, and she and her group know that the situation isn't in their favor.
"Jessica, we are wasting too much time here, you have to run, go get help, we'll hold them off for you."
"No, we can beat them."
"Please, don't hesitate. The others are counting on you, we don't know what's happening outside. Go!"
After Jessica's companion yelled at her to run, he put himself between her and Hokuto and started attacking him furiously, the other companion follows his lead and does the same against Pam. They attack disregarding the openings they are giving, and they manage to push back both Hokuto and Pam for a few seconds, but it quickly cost both their lives, Hokuto didn't take long to exploit an opening and fatally wound his opponent, and Pam's opponent followed the same fate, but Jessica had ran between them with no hesitation. Without looking back she charges with maximum speed and jumps through a window, breaking the glass and old wood. Jessica is really hurt with this, but she doesn't care about her pain, she quickly gets up and starts to run away.
"We can't let her get away!" Hokuto starts to feel uneasy.
Hokuto runs after her jumping through the same hole she made to not waste any time, not caring about the other three warriors of the Iron Talon that are still fighting. He can't see Jessica anywhere, she was too fast, but Hokuto had a couple of companions standing on the roof to keep watch of everything, and one of them shouts at Hokuto to get his attention and points out to where Jessica went. She had turned in a street nearby, and Hokuto quickly runs after her, Pam comes out of the building and follows Hokuto close behind him. When they turn the corner they manage to get a glimpse of Jessica entering a building. She looked pretty hurt. Hokuto and Pam enter the building after her without hesitating. They can still hear the sound of her running, as they pass through stone corridors, until they enter a spacious room and finds her standing against the wall. There are no other doors that can be seen. 'Odd', Hokuto thinks, 'has she trapped herself?'.
"This chase is over," Hokuto says as he comes closer.
Pam has entered the room shortly after Hokuto and stops to watch him. Suddenly four armed warriors come from behind four stone pillars.
"Yes, it's over. You're exactly where I wanted you to be."
Seeing the four warriors, Pam quickly goes to Hokuto's side to help him. Hokuto doesn't understand how four warriors showed up already armed and ready here, and how they hid so quickly, but as he looks around him he notices that he just entered a training area, something similar to the building they have at Destonea, as there are many weapons spread around the room. If the others didn't see Hokuto and Pam entering this building, then help won't come, they are on their own. It's a fight of two against five, but he can't run from it, if he doesn't kill Jessica all his plans will fail, and he will have to leave Avrig without having accomplished anything. 
Jessica may be wounded, but this situation is still looking bad for them, Hokuto tenses up from thinking about it. Pam is also looking tense, but not enough to feel desperate, she believes in her skills, she has lived through many dangerous situations before. Jessica and the other four attack them together, but Jessica fights with less participation. The battle is long, all Hokuto and Pam manage to do most of the time is defend themselves, they take many attacks that come close to being fatal, they bleed and sweat, but they still fight admirably, without rest and without faltering. Slowly, they are adapting to the enemy, understanding how they attack, how they move. All the experience that Hokuto and Pam have gathered in their years of battles is now being tested, and this experience is paying off. Awhile after, they start to fight back and not just defend. Everyone in the room can't help feeling amazed, this weird combination, a young man and middle-aged woman, fighting together with skills they've never seen before, with incredible synchronization. Suddenly this battle turns around, Hokuto and Pam manage to take down one opponent, then another, then another, then another, until only Jessica is left. She feels her end, paralyzed with her back at the wall, with nowhere to run.
"Rest in peace."
Jessica isn't sure, but she thinks that during her last moment before she was fatally stabbed, she saw compassion in that young man's blue eyes. With pity Hokuto has made another victim in this war, but there is no regret, instead, he is satisfied. The time for repentance will come after his true mission is accomplished, until then he'll do what is necessary. He looks at Pam and they both stare at each other, without saying a word, exhausted with the battle. They shed blood together, and Hokuto feels that the bond between them is growing stronger, he thinks she is an incredible warrior, worthy of admiration. Once more he wonders what kind of training Pam must have had, and Pam is thinking the same about Hokuto. But they need to get out of this place, they nod at each other and run away. After coming out of the building, they find a couple of companions that must have been looking for them.
"Reiken! Are you alright? What happened? Is the target dead?"
"Yes."
"We need to leave immediately, more warriors should be coming soon. The others already left as well, come on!"
Hokuto and everyone else leave the place as fast as they can, while trying to not call for attention. They manage to get out of the sector under control of the Iron Talon group. In the end, their first mission is a success.

***

The second target - Part 1

After successfully having killed Jessica in one of the eastern sectors of Avrig, Hokuto and his companions decide to spend a few days waiting to see the result of their effort. Her death had an impact in the whole city. The people have started to talk of many different rumors on the culprits of the attack, and the relationship between the three families of nobles has further destabilized. Even though no proof of anything was found, it's inevitable that the nobles start suspecting one another.
During the days that Hokuto waited, William and the Shadows continued to investigate the city for other targets. After collecting enough information, William has a meeting with Hokuto to tell him what was discovered. They talk alone in a quiet corner of a street, posing as normal citizens. Hokuto wants to attack important targets, ones that would really affect the strength of the Stockoms. William tells him about a man named Marcelo, leader to a strong mercenary group known as No Mercy. It is said this group came from the Salonta territory and they were hired by the Stockoms. They have a reputation of being merciless with transgressors at the sector they control. Eliminating this target should prove itself to be hard, Marcelo's force is much bigger than Jessica's, in fact it's the biggest mercenary force employed by the Stockoms, which makes him a prime target. Hokuto and his companions start to watch this leader of the No Mercy until they find a weakness they can exploit.
Hokuto was able to witness what gave this merciless reputation that he was told about, the people in this sector seem to feel more repressed than protected. The guards are well distributed, even during the night, and after two days Hokuto still wasn't able to come up with a plan to safely attack Marcelo. Every idea they had so far seem to have a flaw somewhere, and they agree that a full scale attack is too risky this time, they decide it will have to be a silent assassination, but they still need to figure out how.
During the third night, Hokuto and William are following Marcelo together, until they see him entering a two-story house that seem to be watched by many guards. They stop and wait in a certain corner of the street since they can't get any closer, and not long before they stopped another pack of guards is coming their way. Hokuto looks at the pack of guards and notice that Brian Stockom himself is being escorted by them. He turns his head around trying not to act suspiciously, if Brian notices Hokuto here, it will be all over. But his concern was unnecessary, because Brian never looks at anyone, he passes by only looking forward on his path. Brian enters the same building that Marcelo did, accompanied by a third of the guards that were escorting him. Hokuto starts to get restless, wondering what Brian must be doing at that place, so he decides to do something very risky.
"I need to know the reason for the visit from the Stockom boy, it might be the information we need to come up with a plan," Hokuto tells William.
"What are you suggesting?"
At this moment Hokuto notices that a room in the second floor of the building has just been lit.
"I'm going to try getting closer and hear their conversation."
"What? How? There are guards everywhere around here."
"Fortunately, once again the moon is on my favor, there are many dark spots. If I'm careful enough, I should be able to get near that window."
"Don't try it, Hokuto, stealth is not your expertise."
"Have faith, William."
Hokuto walks towards the building without giving it more thought. He attentively watches the guards movement and hides himself in blind spots in the shadows while slowly getting closer.
"Hokuto, don't do this. I thought you were done being reckless, there's a lot at stake now if you fail." 
"Reiken, I need to focus, stay quiet," Hokuto whispers.
"Ha ha, such an interesting man," Johns makes this single comment.
The guards seem to be just a little careless, they are probably not concerned about something possibly happening, and shadow by shadow Hokuto is getting closer to the building. The moon is in the last days of its distant phase, the days are darker during this phase, but it only lasts a week during every four months. Hokuto finally manages to arrive at the side of the building, in a blind spot, dark, between the fold of two walls. There are still a few guards that can be seen nearby, but most of them are at the front of the building, if Hokuto stays here without making noise it's likely that he won't be noticed. The illuminated window that Hokuto was going for is right above him now, and he can already hear people talking, but it isn't close enough to understand what they are saying. He slowly climbs the wall in order to get closer, using only his tact, because he can't see very well. After climbing a little he starts to understand what the people inside the room are saying, and he can hear the voice of Brian among them. Hokuto firms his legs and arms in a way to make him able to endure this position for a few minutes.
"You will help us, right?" The voice of Brian is heard.
"We are not here to accept personal missions from you. This is out of our deal." Another voice is heard.
"Out of the deal? You belong to the Stockoms now, that is the deal."
"We don't belong to anyone," the voice sounds angry. "We are here only to give you some assistance in the control of this city."
"Well, then I need that assistance now."
"Did your father approve of this plan of yours?"
"My father is too busy trying to be diplomatic. The time for diplomacy is long over, he doesn't seem to realize this."
"I'm not interested in being part of your personal plans."
"Are you certain of this? Jessica and another twenty or so warriors from her group were killed and we don't know who the guilty are. There is some group of warriors in this city that may be hunting all the leaders of the groups working for the Stockoms. You could be next, isn't it best to act first, instead of waiting?" Brian pauses for a few seconds. "I didn't come here personally to ask you of this if I didn't think you were the most ideal for this task. If you find the guilty of the attack against the Iron Talons, I promise to give you all my support and effort into forging an alliance with your duke."
"I'll think about it."
"Great, then this little meeting is over. It is late and I have things that I want to do. Until later, Marcelo."
Hokuto remains steady in his position between the walls while he hears the people getting farther away in the room above him, but his legs are burning from all the strain he is putting into them. He forces himself to stay at the wall for just a while longer, thinking he may still hear something important, and after waiting a few seconds he again hears the voice that must belong to Marcelo.
"I hate that snob kid."
"You hate all nobles," Hokuto hears the voice of another man that had not spoken before.
"I don't understand why Duke Larx gave this mission to me."
"You know the reason, he probably wanted to teach you a lesson, after that trouble you gave him. But what are you going to do about the Stockom's request?"
"I know he is only trying to use us, but he didn't say anything stupid, if there really is someone here hunting leaders of groups working for the Stockoms and my life is in danger, then it's best we do something about it."
"But what are we supposed to do? Where do we start, do you have any suspects?"
"No, we are new at this city, how could I suspect anyone. Why the Stockom kid thought we would be ideal for this job?"
"Maybe that's precisely the reason, because we are new here."
"It could be to our advantage that the people from our group are not well known in this city, but without clues we'll have to suspect everyone."
"Maybe that's also a reason."
"All right then, we can at least try to do some investigating."
"Do you want to gather some of the men to lead an investigation, then?"
"No, I'll do it. I'll get a few of the men and do this investigation myself. I need to get out of here a little and do something interesting anyway. This guard job thing is becoming really boring. The people have been so 'disciplined' at our sector that nothing happens anymore."
"Don't you think it can be dangerous?"
"But Jessica was caught in an ambush inside her sector, wasn't she? Maybe it's safer for me to leave than stay here."
"You are saying this as an excuse to do it, aren't you? This is the kind of attitude that brought trouble to Duke Larx in the first place."
"Relax, we don't even know if there really is someone that could want to come after me. That guy would need to be very stupid."
Hokuto grins at the irony, but now he realizes that his legs are losing the strength to remain in this position for longer. He already heard enough, so he decides to go down to the floor before giving in to exhaustion. Even with the pain in his legs, he climbs down slowly to not make any noise. The last things he heard from the talk is about some woman that both of they know, a content that doesn't interests him anymore. When he is finally back to the ground Hokuto feels an enormous relief, and he sits on the floor for a moment. He doesn't have the strength to run, so he rests in this dark spot for a while, believing he won't get found. After recovering some of his strength, he gets up and leaves using the same way he did to get there. Hokuto wants to meet with William and tell him everything he heard, and then ask for help from the people from the Shadows.

***

The second target - Part 2

Marcelo ends his conversation with his friend and goes back to his lodging. It has been a month since he came to the Dorohoi territory, an order from Duke Seigan Larx, and something he sees as punishment, for he hates serving nobles. Duke Larx used to hate nobles as well, but now Marcelo isn't so sure if that's still true, he sees the duke as an ambitious man wanting more power. Marcelo came to Dorohoi with the mission of finding an influential leader and offer them help from his group of soldiers, creating a debt that would be paid with a secret alliance with Duke Larx, if such leader rises in power. The Stockoms accepted that help and the condition that comes with it.
In this night the young noble Brian Stockom asked Marcelo to help him by finding out who assassinated Jessica. Brian thinks that since Marcelo made a deal with the Stockoms implying that they will make themselves useful, that he can use Marcelo and the No Mercy group as he wants. It's true that Marcelo said that they would help in whatever way they can, after all if they are not useful then there wouldn't be a point of making the deal, but even so Marcelo still feels like he is being used, and he hates that. Nonetheless, he accepted Brian's request, not just because he is obligated but because he wants to finish his mission as soon as possible and be released from this servitude. And also because he is bored.
So Marcelo makes a few plans with his companions. He gathers a small amount of warriors and start acting as soon as possible. Without any leads or clues, they decide to just go to the nearest sectors controlled by the other two noble families, and look around for suspicious people or activities. Marcelo spends his day walking around these sectors, always with two skilled warriors at his side and another eleven spread out nearby, in case something could happen. In the first day he saw nothing suspicious, but on the second day he sees something that gets his interest. It's normal for people to walk around with weapons, there are no laws against it, but he sees a young man that looks like the standard commoner, but carries three weapons with him: a spear on his back and two swords on his waist, and this man barely looks eighteen. A man that looks poor, young, but carries three weapons, is not that common. Just being uncommon doesn't make it suspicious, but it's something that gets his interest. The young man is just standing while talking to another one that looks even younger, young enough that Marcelo could consider them kids, so he decides to approach them and just ask a few questions. While he was approaching, he noticed that the kid looked at him very surprised for a second, then completely changed his expression. Marcelo frowns thinking that is odd, and decides to test the kid with a few lies.
"Hello," Marcelo friendly greets the kids.
"Hi," the kid with the three weapons answers first showing no emotion.
"Can you help us with some information? It's just that we are not from around here, and we are a little lost."
"I would like to help, but in truth I'm not from around here either, so I don't think I can be of use."
"Oh really? Where are you from?"
The other kid answers. "We are from Bregoi. We recently got to this city because of a job escorting some people, we work as bodyguards to people that want protection during their travels."
"I see. But tell me something, I'm sort of an enthusiast with weapons, this spear you have on your back seems formidable, where did you get such weapon?"
"He stole it, of course."
"You stole it?" Marcelo makes a serious face feeling the need to repress them.
"Of course, how else would I get a weapon like this?" The kid with the spear answers with a smile.
"Do you have a problem with it?" The other one asks.
Marcelo smirks at them. "No, no, sorry for that." He notices that he is not in position for repress anyone for theft. He just stares at them being uncertain of what to say.
"Is there anything else you want from us?"
"No, sorry for taking both of your times."
"It's ok, sorry for not being able to help."
Marcelo turns his back to the two young warriors and walks away in another direction. His two companions just stay at his side without speaking. While he walks he thinks about the little chat he had with the kids. It's a plausible story, two young warriors that work as bodyguards, and Marcelo would've let them be if it wasn't for the surprised face the one with the weapons made for a second when he saw him. The expression the kid made is well engraved in his mind, it must mean something, so Marcelo decides to keep those two under watch with the help of his men. He orders one of his companions to pass the order around to the others nearby to follow those two kids all the time, and to keep him informed if they do anything suspicious. At the end of the day he goes back to his lodging to rest.
In the next day Marcelo goes back again to the same sector, along with his companions. Curious if anything was discovered, he asks the men that were in charge of watching the kids. He is told they both just spent the night at an inn in this same sector and didn't do much else, so it's likely they are really just travelling bodyguards, nothing suspicious happened. But Marcelo is still thinking about the expression the kid made yesterday, he feels he is just being stupid, but still decides to do another test with them. He asks where the kids are now, and is told they are at a bar eating their first meal of the day. 'Excellent', Marcelo thinks, that way he can approach them insinuating that their meeting was just another coincidence.
Marcelo goes to the bar he was told about and enters with only one companion, who is also his best friend. Marcelo is thinking on the expression that kid made when he first saw him, it was way too suspicious. 'Was I recognized? If that's the case, then maybe they are Jessica's assassins, and I'm also a target'. Under this possibility he shouldn't underestimate these two, even though they are young and obviously didn't kill her alone. Marcelo needs more information to suspect them, if he doesn't get it this time then he is just wasting his time with them. He talks with his friend on how they'll approach them, then they enter the bar together. The two kids are easily spotted eating at a table.
"Oh, hey there," Marcelo greets them pretending he just noticed them after entering the bar. "Good morning, I'm glad I found you two here, I've been wanting to ask you something," Marcelo approaches them and speaks in a friendly tone.
"You want to ask us something?"
"Yes, you two are warriors that work under contract, right?"
"You want to contract us for something?" The kid carrying three weapons asks.
"In a way. We are also warriors that work for others when needed, and we have a job that needs a few more men to complete the team."
"Sorry but we are not interested. We are not mercenaries that accept just any job for some money."
"But I haven't even told you what the job is."
"What he means is that we already have another contract to work for soon," the other kid says.
"Oh is that so? Seems like business is going well for you two."
"We are doing ok," the first kid answers.
"So you two refuse?"
"Yes, we are not interested."
"Alright, sorry to bother you."
"It wasn't any bother."
Marcelo thinks for a moment. He is still not convinced about these two, though their story makes sense, the character they represent doesn't. 'Maybe a little chat with them to make sure won't do any harm', Marcelo decides.
"Do you mind if me and my friend sit here with you two?"
"No, go ahead."
"For how long are you two going to stay in this city?"
"Another few days."
"So why not work with us? It's only a one-day job."
"Who is the client?"
"A certain noble."
"We don't work for nobles. We also dislike the people that work for them, if you know what I mean."
"I don't think we always have a choice."
"We always have a choice."
"You're mistaken, kid. Sometimes we don't have a choice, not if we want to survive."
"And is this the case with you now?"
"Not this time, but it has been before, a long time ago."
"Aren't you angry at them?"
"I am, a lot."
"But we can't be angry at every noble," Marcelo's friend enters the conversation. "In some cases there is a mutual understanding, and working for them is the best solution."
"Do you really believe that?" The other kid also enters the conversation. "What do you see outside? People living with mutual understanding? Do you see prosperity? I see control. People in this city look empty, living a lie of being safe, but what they do can barely be called living, they are just surviving, nothing else."
"And the worst part is that this control is enforced by other commoners, like yourself, working for these nobles, under the excuse of having no choice," the first kid says.
"If you excuse us, we have things we'd like to do. Until another time."
Both kids get up and leave the bar. Marcelo and his friend continue to be sit. What the kids said touched a nerve in Marcelo, he feels confused, not knowing what to think. But he confirmed one thing, it's still very possible that those two are involved in Jessica's death, but for what reason, he doesn't know, one would assume it is to help one of the other noble families, but if they really despise nobles as they claim and are not working for any of the families, then what would they gain from it? Marcelo discusses it with his friend after thinking for a moment.
"What do you think?"
"They could be involved in Jessica's death. But without knowing for sure, what can we do about it?"
"I was thinking the same thing, and we also don't know what they are capable of and who would their friends be. They can't be bodyguards that work in only a pair, so where are their friends? They stayed at an inn and I was told nobody else was seen with them. And the way that kid looked at me yesterday can really mean they know me... I'm not liking the situation we are in."
"Then what do you propose we do?"
"I say we follow them again and press them on answers more aggressively. We go at them with four or five people while the others cover us around. We just need to be careful to not get the attention of any guards, since we are in a sector controlled by a different family."
"Sounds risky."
"We are soldiers, warriors. Investigating people isn't our thing. Let's try being aggressive, and if we are lucky, we'll be finishing our job here sooner. To me, the sooner the better, and if we get an opportunity at those two today, I'll take it."
They both finish talking. Decided on his plan Marcelo mobilizes his companions to execute it. They follow the two kids during the whole day, until an opportune moment of approaching them without danger of guards interfering presents itself, which isn't as hard to happen as it sounds. During the morning the kids were walking in a busy commercial street, with plenty of people. They looked like they were just walking around for no reason, talking with some vendors, without ever buying anything. Because the street had a lot of people, some of Marcelo companions ended up getting closer than they should, but they don't believe they were noticed.
For hours Marcelo and his companions continue to follow the two around the city, some closer, some more distant, always staying around. He imagines the two kids must have noticed they are being followed, but he isn't sure of that, and either way he doesn't intend to change the plan. It's almost dusk, the sun is setting in the horizon, and the two kids stop walking in the middle of an empty street. They are at a sector of poor people, with many small houses in bad conditions. The place is deserted, and everybody is around hiding however they can, watching the two kids just standing in the middle of the street. There isn't a single guard in sight, and none would come here anyway. Marcelo believes that if they want to act, this is the moment, he just needs to go there and force the two kids to come with him, it should be quick. He starts walking towards the two of them with fast steps, accompanied by another four warriors at his side.
"You again, and with many friends this time," the kid with three weapons says this to Marcelo when he got closer, not looking surprised nor threatened.
"I would like for you two to come with us now, I just want to ask a few more questions," Marcelo stops at a safe distance, avoiding a fight if it can be helped.
"Really? And if I refuse?"
At this moment, two unknown warriors that were hidden appear and quickly come towards them.
"You think that with two more you're fine against us, kid? I have many more companions with me nearby."
Marcelo whistles loudly. He and the five with him stand watching his opponents while waiting for his companions to show up. Thirty seconds passes, and nobody comes.
"Seems like no one is coming to help you."
Marcelo frowns not believing it and whistles again.
"Your companions are probably down already," the other kid says.
"What do you mean?"
"You are not spies. You are not assassins. You are soldiers. Your movements are clumsy and predictable. While you followed us, our people was identifying each one of you. In the end, you led them all into a trap."
The kid's words made Marcelo feel like he just took a punch in his gut. He starts to sweat with worry, and he can see that the companions at his side are getting restless as well. He looks at his back and sees more warriors slowly approaching, he doesn't know them so it's safe to assume they are enemies. Marcelo and his companions are surrounded.
"Can we start?" The kid picks up his spear and positions himself for combat.
"Who are you?" Marcelo asks in a shaken tone.
"Sorry."
The kid looked down for a moment and then answered in a soft tone, he really looked like he was sorry, but then he went back to being serious and resumed his stance for battle. Only three of them are coming to attack Marcelo and his companions, the other kid who was always with him just stands in the back, and the people surrounding them are also just watching. Marcelo can barely believe it but it seems they want to fight three against the five of them. This just adds to how impressed he is, and scared. But he has no time for sentiment, he focuses on the only thing he needs to right now, the battle. Marcelo picks up his weapon and orders his companions to do the same.
They fight three on five while the people around just watch silently. The kid with the spear, who is obviously the youngest of the three, is also the most skilled, something that instantly turned obvious to all of them right when the battle started. The kid fights with such speed and precision, with such fluent movements, it gives them the impression that the spear is like an extension of his limbs. With their advantage in numbers, Marcelo and his companions are being able to keep the fight even, and that in itself makes them increasingly more impressed and frightened at the same time. The three of them are deflecting the attacks of all the five and still managing to return attacks of their own. Marcelo fears that if one of those attacks eliminates just one of his companions, the three will eliminate the rest in a flash. And what he feared ends up happening, with a fast and precise thrust, the kid with the spear hits one of his companions. They all watch one of his companions falling to the ground, the fear is taking over them, but the kid doesn't spare them a moment to rest and continues to attack alongside the other two, and without taking much longer, they strike another one down, and then another. At this moment Marcelo drops his weapon on the ground and falls to his knees to surrender. His last companion, surprised, does the same.
"I don't know who or what you are, but please, I surrender, I beg of you."
"You're going to beg for your life?" The kid asks with indignation, looking almost disgusted.
"I have no loyalty for these nobles. I hate that snobbish Stockom boy. I don't want to die here for him. I respect what you are doing, I was just following orders. Please, let me live."
"I'm not heartless, I would prefer to spare a life whenever I can. But I can't do this now, if you don't die, it won't accomplish my goal."
"I'll join your group, I'll have all my men do the same. If you spare me, I swear my loyalty to your leader. You have my word."
"So you would abandon your leader and the orders you were given?"
"Yes."
Marcelo looks at the kid directly in the eyes, without turning them away, showing how serious he is. His companion is just watching silently. The kid just stands looking back at him, each second that passes is weighing Marcelo's mind. His life is at the kid's hands. They stay silent just looking at each other for what is seems like an eternity. He wants to say more, but he feels he shouldn't, he just lets the kid think it through. After several minutes, the kid arrives at a decision.
"I decided to let you live, and I will trust your word."
"I promise to fulfill it."
"But I don't want you to join us just yet, I want you to go back to your sector, and pretend to still be loyal to the Stockoms. Tell the young Stockom that you fought against us and you lost, and only you two managed to escape alive. You did not see any of our faces because we were all cloaked. Do not mention a thing about me. We'll be watching your actions. I will know if you betray me, and we'll be out of this city before anyone can take action against us. But that would also ruin my plans, my trust on you bears great weight, I hope you really are a man of your word."
"You can trust me," Marcelo gets up from his knees, "but shouldn't you take me to speak to your leader first?"
"I am the leader."
It simply had not occurred to Marcelo that this kid was the leader, but now that he hears it from him, somehow it just doesn't surprise him, after all everything about this kid so far was utterly impressive. In fact, he feels he should have thought about it sooner. And without shame, or regret, Marcelo kneels before him and lowers his head.
"I swear my loyalty to you. For sparing my life, I swear to serve you until the day I die, wherever you may lead."
"I'll be counting on you. You may leave now."
Marcelo gets up, bows to the kid again, and without saying anything else, goes back to his lodging. His companion that also survived, his closest friend, follows him without questioning anything. The people that surrounded them get out of the way to let them pass. All of them are cloaked, he can't take a good look at any of them, but he doesn't care. He walks to his lodging reflecting upon what happened, trying to absorb all the information. His life is about to change, he has a new leader now, one that he knows almost nothing about, and he has to renegade his former leader, one that he served for many years. But he feels no regret. He will be true to his word, he owns the kid his life, for choosing to spare it. 'No', he thinks, 'not a kid... but a man'. He feels no regret.

***

The third target

After his second victory over the forces of the Stockom family, Hokuto decides to spend some time keeping a low profile, waiting to see if Marcelo, supposedly a new ally, can really be trusted. He spends a few days without leaving the house much, while some people from the Shadows watch Marcelo, and others investigate a new target. After a few days, they conclude that Marcelo must be keeping to his word, so Hokuto decides to fully trust him. Sparing Marcelo's life was a risky decision, but he can end up being an extremely valuable ally later on. Hokuto wishes to meet with Marcelo personally to talk to him and maybe discover more things about the Stockoms, but William advises him not to, considering the possibility of Marcelo being watched for suspicion of treason.
After a few more days, William meets Hokuto bringing him information about a possible new target, one that should make a lot of difference in weakening the Stockom family. It's a man that the Stockoms seem to have on their side with a lot of pride, a man whose nickname was heard many times during the investigations. William tells Hokuto the target is called 'the Great Boar'. The name is instantly recognized. Williams says that when they asked about this man, they heard many different stories, it seems like everybody in the city knows him. An invincible man, a man whose charge no one can stop, a war machine. The value this man has to the Stockoms is obvious, his death would do more than just harm their strength, it would hurt their morale, their esteem.
But this man isn't called the Great Boar for no reason, if his reputation is just to the real thing, he should prove himself to be extremely hard to take down, and Hokuto knows just how hard it is, he fought him alongside Pam's late husband, and they still lost. Even so, Hokuto believes that considering the value of this target it could really be worth the risk, but he is not foolish enough to try without a really solid plan. They spend days investigating about this man and all the possible ways of killing him. Eventually, for all they have heard, they end up getting to the same conclusion. If they want to kill this man with legendary reputation, it will have to be at a time when he is not wearing his armor, getting him unprepared. But it seems that the Great Boar is always wearing his armor, in fact, no one even seems to know how the man actually looks like beneath it. Still, he can't be wearing that heavy armor during the whole time, he at least has to take it off when he goes to sleep. Thus, the plan is obvious, they decide they should sneak inside his residence and strike him in his sleep.
It is a dangerous plan, even more so considering the value of this man, his residence should be a well guarded place, in the most well controlled sector belonging to the Stockoms. Even considering all the risks, Hokuto and the others are seeking means to execute it. If they eliminate the Great Boar, it's likely to be the last target they'll need to hit, since it should be enough to have accomplished their goal. For four days, they watch the behavior of the guards around the Great Boar's residence late during the nights. There are many guard patrols in this sector of the city, even this late at night. Just watching is already discomforting, fearing they might get caught. They record the behavior of every guard in the area.
Hokuto and everyone else with him, including Pam, start to organize all the information they have to work on a plan together, inside one of the small residences that they are staying in Avrig. The plan is relatively simple. They don't know how many people they will encounter inside the Great Boar's residence, but there shouldn't be many. The problem is the outside, they need to eliminate all the patrols that could pass near his residence during the assassination, they need a silent way of entering the place, and a safe and open escape route. All this should be done quickly and simultaneously, before more guards can show up. They spend many hours planning all the details, separating the teams and setting roles for everyone. Hokuto will be part of the group that will enter the residence to execute the assassination. Pam insists to be part of this group, but Hokuto refuses and insists back that she stays on the outside team, to make sure there won't be any guard patrols nearby during the time that they'll escape, which is a fundamental part of the plan.
The night of the attack comes, and everybody is feeling nervous. There are only three hours left before the sun rises. Even so there are people outside leading nocturnal lives, and a few guard patrols, much fewer than during the day, but well spread. Hokuto and his companions enter this sector of the Stockoms walking separated in small groups, trying not to be seen much to not raise unnecessary suspicion. Hokuto has another two very skilled warriors walking with him. They arrive at near the residence of the Great Boar. It's a big house, two-stories high, surrounded by a small garden and a metal fence on the outside. Although it's a luxurious house, it is located between smaller simpler houses, among commoners, outside the region of where the noble families live. The house really sets itself apart from the others. Hokuto and the other two can't move in until all the guards nearby are eliminated, so they wait until the right moment of the simultaneous attack. After that they'll have to enter the house, locate their target and eliminate it as fast as possible, so that everyone can get away from there. Everyone is depending on their skill to do this.
The moment to attack arrives. Each group signals they are ready by waving around their arms a couple of times. Hokuto and the two with him get the signal to move, and they quickly leave the place they were hiding and run to eliminate the four guards standing at the entrance to the Great Boar's house. They take down the four with great speed and coordination, taking them by surprise. Five minutes, that's the time they set for Hokuto to enter the house and kill the Great Boar, after this time is past everyone can abandon their positions and leave this sector, even if Hokuto isn't out of the house yet.
One of Hokuto's companions uses a big hammer to break open the lock of the metal gate. It makes a big noise that could be enough to wake up the people inside it, but if they move fast enough, they'll still get them unprepared. They run towards the house's front door and the other companion breaks it open with a strong and precise hack using an axe. The house is dark inside, they lit a small lantern they were carrying, and separate to find the target faster. Hokuto and another man climb the stairs to the second floor, since it is likely their target will be there.
At the second floor there are two main hallways, with several doors to different rooms. Hokuto and the one with him split their ways between the two hallways and start opening all the doors looking for the Great Boar. In less than twenty seconds, Hokuto listens a big noise of something being throw against the wall coming from the other hallway, he even feels like the house shook a little. Hokuto quickly runs back and turns to the other hallway to see what happened. He finds his companion on the floor, not moving. He quickly moves to check his condition, but the man seems to be dead, he was crushed against the wall. At this moment the other companion has just climbed the stairs, having come up because of the noise he heard. He looks at Hokuto and the man on the ground, but finds no one else. He asks Hokuto about what happened while coming closer, and at this moment a door next to him opens and a huge man comes out of it charging against Hokuto's second companion. Before he was able to react he was thrown against the wall as well, then finished with an axe chop to the head. It's the Great Boar, and for some reason that Hokuto can't think of, he is wearing his great armor, with the exception of his helmet. Hokuto watches as the Great Boar slowly turns his face towards him. This induces great fear at Hokuto, and he has nowhere to run to, since the Great Boar is between him and the stairs. 
It's a little dark, but Hokuto tries to take a good look at the Great Boar's face. This man seem to be blind of one eye, has two huge scars on his face, and his skin is all wrinkled. He looks like he could be over fifty years old, but is still one of the strongest men Hokuto has ever seen. He reminds him of General Albert, but this Great Boar must definitely be stronger. Hokuto thinks this man must have been born to fight, and he must have had numerous battles during his life. All of these thoughts came to Hokuto just from looking at his face, this man really is worthy of his legendary reputation, he causes fear and amazement on people just by being looked at.
"Why would he be wearing his armor so late during the night? It's impossible that he put it on after hearing us enter. Impossible!" Reiken's voice seems shaken.
"What are you going to do, Hokuto? Are you going to fight him anyway?" John asks.
"I don't have a choice."
"Hokuto, just give up, find a way to run, please," Reiken implores.
"I have to try, Reiken, everyone is depending on this."
The Great Boar is slowly walking towards Hokuto, taking his time. Every movement of his makes a loud sound of metal. But Hokuto decides to hurry towards the Great Boar to fight him, he has no time to waste. Hokuto still remembers how the Great Boar defends himself, the way he moved when he fought him made a big impression on him, but he has to search for a flaw in that armor, he believes it can't be perfect, it must have a weakness, a spot he can hit to wound the Great Boar. He thrusts with great speed, attacking the Great Boar in different spots, but nothing is doing much effect, the way the Great Boar moves and positions his body, twisting it when he is attacked, is only making the spear slide through the armor, scratching it, and he does that as fast as Hokuto attacks, like his body automatically reacts to his opponent's movements. Hokuto just can't help feeling impressed, he imagines this man must have trained for many, many years. Hokuto is starting to feel that he can't win, his opponent is attacking with strong, wide axe swings, breaking many decorative objects around the hallway. His swings are easy to dodge, but a single hit would be the end of the battle, and sometimes the only way to dodge is by moving back. The Great Boar is slowly coming closer and closer, and Hokuto is running out of space, soon he will reach the wall, and Hokuto can't force the Great Boar back. They keep fighting, slowly moving, trashing the place, when suddenly Hokuto hits one foot on the wall at his back, and starts feeling desperate, there is nowhere to run. The Great Boar is about to deliver a great diagonal swing at Hokuto, the kind you could only dodge by moving back, but without a choice Hokuto holds his spear with all his strength and readies himself to block the attack. With his expertise, Hokuto knows that blocking won't be enough, he instinctively jumps back at the same time that he blocks the attack, adding to the strength that he is thrown, but minimizing the impact. Hokuto is launched back with such strength that he breaks through a big window at his back and still moves several feet further in the air. His world becomes upside down, he starts falling from the second floor while watching the sky, but he hits his back at a branch of a tree, falling with his face flat down on the grass below. His spear had left his hand when he took the Great Boar's attack. Hokuto is agonizing in pain while squirming on the ground, trying to breath.
Hokuto tries to recover his senses, stunned by the fall, hurt with the impact, and only after several seconds he manages to hear screaming on the outside, his companions are shouting at him to get up, that they need to run. His vision is still blurred, but he can tell there is something wrong going on. There is a large scale battle going on, there are many guards showing up, and Hokuto is watching his companions being taken down, while unable to do anything about it. He does not remember for how long he was inside the Great Boar's house, maybe some of his companions decided to not run away as was previously arranged. He closes his eyes and tries to recuperate, in vain. He hears the steps of people approaching him. Hokuto is captured.

***

Captured

Hokuto is taken to a prison made of stone, dark and humid, lightened by few lanterns and with little ventilation. He is thrown at a cell alongside three captured companions. All of them are hurt and they don't say anything to each other, there is nothing to say. The four of them are abandoned to their thoughts at a cell, thinking of what is in store for them, trying to recover their strength. After maybe an hour, a young noble shows up accompanied by several guards. He stops in front of the cell and stands to watch the four captured warriors. Hokuto quickly recognizes him, it's the young Brian Stockom, who went to Destonea searching for Pam. When the Stockom kid looks at Hokuto's face, he frowns feeling uncertain of something.
"Hey... aren't you that commoner kid that claimed to be lord of Destonea? What was his name again?"
Hokuto only looks at his face displeased, without saying anything.
"What is your name?"
Hokuto still doesn't answer.
"Ha ha, I know it is you. Wow, so that is why you vanished from Destonea, you were hiding in Avrig the whole time. Ha, I would've never noticed you, I mean, I'm already not used to remembering the faces of ordinary people, and yours wasn't any memorable to begin with, even with those clothes, but walking around here wearing this trash you're wearing, I wouldn't even look at your face."
Reiken is starting to feel angry and sad, but Hokuto just stares at the Stockom kid without showing any emotion, trying to accept his condition.
"You helped me so much, spared me of a lot of effort, and to make it even better, now that the Stockoms have captured the mysterious assassin of Jessica, this will contribute to our influence over Avrig. You have no idea of the favor you just did to me, in the end I think Jessica will be more useful to us being dead than alive."
"This damn noble is making fun of us, Hokuto. Why won't you say anything back? Say something!" The voice of Reiken sounds uncontrolled, almost crying. But Hokuto can't do anything, he just accepts his defeat and lowers his head.
"Won't say anything? Alright. Enjoy your stay here, I have a few preparations to do and then I'll come back to get you. I'm not sure of how to best use this situation, maybe a public execution, I don't know. Ha ha, and I thought they had awakened me without a good reason, what a pleasant surprise this was."
"If you're going to stay silent, then I'll say something," John says to Hokuto, and before Hokuto could oppose, he loses control of the body. The eyes of the young warrior turn red. "Wait."
"Oh, you decided to say something now?" Brian turns back and faces the young warrior again with his smirk, but instantly changes his expression to surprise. The young warrior's expression looks completely different to him.
"John! What are you thinking of doing?" Hokuto asks.
"I want to propose an exchange," John talks to the noble. "You set me free to leave this city, returning my weapons to me..."
"Your freedom? What could you possibly offer me in exchange for that? With you I already got more than I was hoping for, and your city will be easy to claim afterwards now."
Everyone in the cell with John is looking at him looking confused, wondering what he is planning, but not saying anything because they trust their 'leader'.
"It is something you really want, but I can't say it in front of the others here."
"I can't imagine what you could offer me, but you piked my curiosity. Very well. Guards, take him to the other room, let's hear what he wants to say."
As ordered, the guards take John out of the cell and they go to a different room nearby.
"So, spit it out now, it better be good."
"I'll tell you where to find Pam. Isn't capturing her something that you wished for many years?"
"Where is she?" Brian's eyes widen.
"In Avrig, but won't be for long. in fact, she might be already leaving this exact moment, and she can go anywhere now. If you want her, I can tell you where she should be, for the price of my freedom."
"Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Amazing, selling your allies for freedom. You didn't look like you had this kind of character, looks like I misjudged you. You're right, I would do anything to put my hands on her, but I don't want you to just tell me her location, you're coming with me until she is captured. I'll give you my word to release you if she is. Deal?"
"I doubt your word is worth anything."
"You would assume correctly, but you don't have a choice. But I'm in a good mood, just give me the woman and I'll really consider releasing you."
"Fine, I accept, but we better hurry."
"Call for the others, we are leaving immediately to look for Pam," Brian addresses his guards.
John smiles at a done deal, it's amazing how much this kid is willing to give up for his petty revenge. At least, he hopes he is, but his only choice is to trust him. John takes him and his guards to the residence they've been using to hide in Avrig. John has his hands tied and is surrounded by several guards. 
"John, you can't do this. John, stop! You don't have the right! Pam fought for us, trusted me, you can't do this! She has a son waiting for her to return!"
During the way Hokuto tries to convince John to stop, but he ignores him and keeps moving. He does feel bad for his actions, but he doesn't falter. Reiken just stays silent the whole time, he doesn't feel well with what John is doing, but his fear overpowers his honor. Honor is something that Hokuto greatly values, but after several tries, he gives up trying to talk to John. In John's mind, honor is only a burden that prevents people from doing things. Of course, he dislikes the idea of sacrificing someone, but he does it without great remorse, if he believes in the cause. John isn't sure if he will still find Pam at the place they've been staying, but maybe he'll get lucky, and since Pam's capture is necessary to complete the deal of his release, he even suggests to Brian that he brings many guards and surround the place from every side. Hokuto isn't speaking anymore, and Brian Stockom seems to have been smiling during the whole way.
They arrive at the street of the place where the young warrior has been staying in Avrig. John points to the house and Brian sends many guards to enter the place, and others to surround it from outside. In a short time they hear the sound of battle, screams and objects breaking. Some of the guards come running out, driven by the people inside. Realizing the situation Brian Stockom comes closer to shout.
"You are completely surrounded. There's no hope for you. Leave the house or you'll be forced out."
After a few seconds Pam leaves the house, followed by another six warriors. Of all twenty companions that came to Avrig with Hokuto, apparently only seven weren't killed or captured during the night battle. Pam recognizes Brian Stockom immediately, and stares at him with a disgusted look. Brian is just looking back at her with a gigantic smile, like he just received a long awaited present on his birthday.
"Oh, my dear Pam. You can't imagine how glad I am to see you."
"I pity you, boy. Traumatized for being a prisoner for a few days, obsessed with it for years."
"You stupid tramp. You thought you could kidnap a noble and get away with it? At last, the time for you to learn your place has arrived."
The way Brian speaks greatly disgusts John, who clenches his fist in anger. Pam looks at Brian's side and finally notices John near him, with his hands still tied in front of him. She widens her eyes with great surprise.
"Reiken!"
"Oh, right, that was his name. Ha ha ha ha, this 'lord' of yours sold you, dear, in exchange for his freedom. A commendable action, don't you think?"
"You... really did? I can't believe it. You're not like this, you wouldn't have."
"But he did. And I would've done the same."
"Reiken is nothing like you."
"So you say, but here we are."
Pam grits her teeth in anger.
"Look, it's a pleasure to see you agonizing, but honestly, I can't stand this excitement. Throw down your weapon and surrender."
"Never."
"Whatever. Capture her, but don't kill her yet, please."
A great amount of guards move to capture the seven warriors at the same time, and they don't hand themselves without a fight, even knowing there is no chance of winning. Pam fights spectacularly, with skill and courage, but still she doesn't last too long, the number of enemies are just too great for them. All the other six are killed in combat, and Pam is disarmed and captured. While they are tying her arms, Brian is laughing hysterically. She doesn't look at John in the face anymore, but he can tell that she is extremely disappointed, and mad. He doesn't try to imagine what they are going to do to her, but he knows for certain it won't be pretty, and ultimately she'll die. Many guards are taking Pam away, and Brian seems like he has even forgotten about John.
"Hey, Stockom. I fulfilled my word, it's time you fulfill yours and release me."
"Oh, right. Yeah, let me think... sure, why not? Release this kid."
The guards untie John's hands.
"And my weapons?"
Another guard that has been carrying the spear and the two swords, comes closer and gives it to John.
"Hey... Reiken, was it? Maybe the two of us don't need to be enemies. If you're interested I could talk with my dad about you, we could make an alliance between our cities, avoid confrontations, what do you think?"
John almost insults the kid right there, but he knows it wouldn't be smart. "No thank you."
"Are you sure? Well, it's your choice. But don't worry, we'll meet again soon, I'm certain of it." Brian smirks.
John turns his back and thinks about that smirk on the noble's face. 'Good', he thinks, and smirks back at it to himself. 'If the kid wants war, he'll have it, and he'll pay for all the people that were sacrificed today'. Before leaving the Avrig John makes a few preparations, and starts the journey back to Destonea. William, who could have been following during this whole time, appears in front of him with a very serious look on his face.
"I saw what you did, Hokuto. Why did you do it? I never would've imagined you to be the type to sell your companions to save yourself."
"Sorry, kid," John looks at William's eyes, without showing any remorse.
"Reiken?"
"Wrong."
William is looking confused at John, thinking, and after a few seconds, he asks, "there is a third?"
"The name is John. John Burwel. Nice to meet you." John answers with sarcasm.
"What happened to Hokuto?"
"He is unavailable at the moment, but he is here."
"How did you do this? Hokuto couldn't have allowed you to do something so low."
"He did allow it. You're right that he wouldn't have done this, if he were alone. Hokuto really is too honorable for such things, but I don't have the same limitations as he has. But don't fool yourself, kid, I understand how he thinks. I know that even someone like Hokuto is capable of horrible things to accomplish his mission. He tried to talk me into not doing it, but he couldn't find the will to stop me. Listen, don't mind this now, I'm just trying to help. I'm not proud of what I did either, but it's already done. Let's go back to Destonea now, we have preparations to make."
"Why do you think Pam was still in the house instead of leaving the city immediately? They weren't about to abandon you, or the others. They were going to plan a way to rescue you, and the Shadows would've helped. But before we could, you made a deal with the enemy and sacrificed everyone for yourself."
"Are you trying to make me regret what I did? Do you have any idea of how the world you live in is like? Everybody has to make sacrifices to survive. I'm not the kind of man that keeps sorrowing over my choices. Aren't you and Hokuto fighting to change our nation? Then hold off your sorrow for in case we fail."
"Sorry... John. But I will not serve you. I... we, do not serve people we don't respect."
"Do as you wish."
John is mad and disappointed at him. He knows how valuable the Shadows are, but he doesn't want to beg William to stay with him. John is too stubborn for that. But he still hopes that William will reconsider things by himself, after he gives it some thought. He can tell that William is also very mad, he must not be thinking clearly now. Either way, John continues to make his preparations and sets off on a journey back to Destonea by himself.

***

The lord returns

It's a long trip back to Destonea, and John does it with no company other than Reiken's. They talk about many different things, their experiences, their opinions. They argue against each other on some points, but it makes them know each other better. John is controlling the body all the time now, and Hokuto isn't talking anymore, he hasn't said a single word since when he was begging John to not give Pam up. John is concerned about the other companions that were captured alive, who were left behind, but not for their well being, he is concerned that if they find out that he betrayed them, and if they are released, they will come to Destonea and tell everyone about it. Some of those captured were long companions to Pam, they could even try to make a deal with Brian. It would be terrible for Reiken's reputation if people found out about what happened. William and the Shadows know, but he doubts that they would say anything. John thinks during the way about what explanation he will give to the people of Destonea, having returned only by himself.
Finally arriving at Destonea, Reiken is already starting to feel the comfort of being back to a familiar, safe place. But they have no time for comfort, they have to think about the imminent battle they will face, and John intends to do something about it. John is decided to not remain a passive character in this story, he wants to act, and even though he feels no remorse for what he did at Avrig, he still feels responsible for the sacrifices he made.
As they are about to enter Destonea, John and Reiken notice that the construction of the exterior is complete, looking more fortified. Certainly there must be more places on the inside that were rebuilt during this month they were away. As they see John entering, the guards at the entrance start to shout Reiken's name. John is well received, and even though it isn't his name people shout, he feels like the lord of this city. He and Reiken have many things to do now that they have arrived at Destonea, but at the moment John can only think of getting some rest. The people salute him as he passes by, they must have missed their leader, many things must have happened while they were away. John and Reiken also both feel there is something different about the people, but they are too tired to think about it now. They rest at the manor for several hours. When they wake up, John changes his clothes back to something more fitting of a lord, while talking to Reiken.
"So, what should we do now?" Reiken asks.
"I want to declare the war."
"What?"
"It's inevitable after all, isn't it?"
"But we just got back, and you're thinking about already declaring the war? What could we possibly gain from it?"
"I've been thinking about it for a while now. I want to attack Avrig first, before they do it to us."
"And you imagine this should give us some advantage? If they are going to be attacked, then the three noble families there will certainly join to defend themselves, this isn't to our advantage. You know the size of Avrig, our forces aren't enough to face them."
"Of course, you're right about this, but I have a few ideas. Did you think that while you and Hokuto were carrying me around, and I would never say anything, that I never thought about things? At first I admit that all I thought about was my anger and my vengeance. But now, I too want to take part in being duke of this territory, and I intend to do my part. But I need your support, after all it's your name people shout."
"I didn't expect this from you."
"Kid, I'm almost twice your age. You think I'm ignorant only because I was some lumberjack from a small village?"
"No, of course not. It's just that all you did was just complain about things and criticize us."
"I spent a long time not doing anything, just thinking to myself. I don't want to never have any control anymore, I want to do something."
"Still, I can't imagine how declaring the war so soon would be to our benefit. What are you planning?"
"We'll go back to Avrig to declare the war, but first, we'll take try to make a deal with one of the other two noble families. A deal that if they help us win, they can maintain their control over Avrig, while becoming our allies. We'll also talk to Marcelo and make him switch to our side during the battle."
"You mean, two enemy forces joining us and turning against their 'allies' when they aren't expecting it? It sounds good, but it's hard to tell if it will work."
"We'll have to plan it out."
"I don't think our advisors will like what you're planning, though."
"Why are you hesitating, Reiken? This war is inevitable, everyone knows this. We are in a territory without any duke, sooner or later every city will be fighting each other. You know this."
"I know but... either way it's better that we wait until Hokuto is ready to talk to us. We shouldn't make this sort of decision without him."
"It's time you grew up, kid. It's your name people call, this is your body. Act like the leader people expect you to be. You're capable, aren't you?"
"I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for him."
"So you're saying you're not capable."
"I'm not saying that."
"Then make your decision, leader. I am merely a helper here, another advisor. Accept the advice or refuse it."
Reiken feels that John must be trying to manipulate him with these words, but he isn't sure, maybe what John says really is how he feels. Even though Reiken talked a lot with John this past day, there's still much he doesn't know about his personality, or how trustful he is. Either way, trusting him or not, Reiken needs only to decide for himself about what to do. The plan could work, and war is surely inevitable. This could be the moment to try and conquer Avrig, finishing the dispute created with that noble Brian Stockom. The dispute started because of Pam, but it won't end with her, even though the Stockom kid has her now he won't forget what Reiken was there in Avrig for. 'No', Reiken denies the thought, 'it doesn't matter what Brian thinks or intends to do, I went to Avrig with a goal that still needs to be accomplished, and I won't let all the sacrifices made there be for nothing'. Hokuto had become so close to Pam, Reiken thinks it's his duty to do something. 'No', he denies the thought once again, 'It's not about duty, nor justice. What is justice anyway?'. To Reiken, the conquest and salvation of Dorohoi is a way of transcending himself, of becoming someone greater, of having his name represent something, he can become duke of a territory! Reiken knows that it's not justice that moves Hokuto either, he does it out of a mission, of a belief, but mostly, for a woman. But what moves John, Reiken doesn't know, maybe John was really just bored. And why not attack Avrig if they have a chance of winning? They went there and risked their lives in order to make victory possible. Reiken has no more doubts of what to do.
"Ok, I agree with your plan."
"Excellent, Reiken. That's the spirit. Let us discuss it with the others, I believe we've kept them waiting for a long time already."
Reiken tries to take control back of the body, but isn't able to. "Aren't you going to let me talk to them?"
"Actually, I want to do this myself. Don't worry, I'll make a good impression of you."
"That's my job, John, weren't you saying that I'm the leader?"
"Yes, very true, Reiken. But just this time, I want to do it."
"Fine, do as you please. Be careful with how you act."
"Don't worry."
John goes to a big meeting room at the manor, where many advisors await, people of trust that took care of the city in the absence of its lord, also the few that knew where he has been during the past month. When John comes in, everybody straighten up, and without a word, John goes to his chair at the rectangular table.
"Sir, how were things in Avrig?" One man asks without delay, everyone seem to be curious.
"We hit three targets of great importance to the Stockoms, the family that is dominating the city, but our attempt at the third target failed. I'm the only survivor that managed to escape."
The people start talking to each other, expressing their thoughts. After a moment, the same man asks another question.
"What now? Are we lost?"
"We are not lost, I still have a plan. I intend to go back to Avrig and declare war against them."
"War?" Many people ask simultaneously, surprised.
"Why the surprise? We didn't infiltrate Avrig and risked our lives there for nothing. Our goal was to make victory against them become possible."
"But didn't you fail to eliminate the third target? Are you sure that eliminating just two targets is enough?"
"We are not about to get any more ready than this. War is inevitable, for how long do you want to wait? I know everyone's life until now was just suffering, but it isn't over. This territory has no duke, and all that we can do is work hard to make sure that leadership doesn't fall into the hands of another exploitive noble. Only then will our efforts be paid for. So are you with me?"
 
Some of the advisors turn cheerful with John's words, and some are feeling restless. Reiken got surprised, he still isn't sure if John says these things because he really believes in them or he just said the words to get what he wants. If it's the latter, then he feels he should be careful with John, Reiken hopes to talk to him more later and find out his true intentions. But one of the advisors interrupt saying something that troubles them.
"You have to speak to the people of our city to unite them, we are having some issues with it."
"Unite our people? Why, what's the matter?"
"The people are divided right now, and sometimes there are even fights because of it."
"What happened?"
"You know that before that army from Slatina left our city, they built a place for people to gather and talk about a goddess or something that they follow, right? Well now half the city is part of this, and they aren't relating very well to the people that want nothing to do with it."
"The people of Destonea are turning into those horned freaks as well?" John's face turns extremely serious and bothered.
"As well? What do you mean?"
"Nothing, thank you for warning me. I will do something about it."
John finishes speaking in a dry way and gets up without saying anything else, without even announcing the meeting is over, or what he intends to do. He simply leaves the room leaving everybody confused. He goes out of the manor and starts walking towards the church of the religious. It's nighttime. Reiken talks to him on the way.
"What are you thinking of doing, John?"
"Put an end to this crap."
"Put an end? What are you talking about? Put an end to the conflict between the people?"
"Put an end to this stupid religion."
"That's ridiculous! You don't know what you're saying, you barely know the religion, you don't even know what this conflict between the people is really about." Reiken is trying to take over the body, but is unable to. John's anger is bigger than Reiken's reason. "How do you intend to do it, anyway? Arrest the religious? Cast away? Punish, maybe? And you want to do this when we're about to declare war against another city? Divide our people? You did hear the guy saying that half the people of Destonea are already on the religion's side, right?
John stops walking, feeling convinced. He realises he really wasn't thinking, he let a personal experience affect his reasoning. But if this problem is to be solved with reason, he doesn't think he'll be capable in his condition, he doesn't want to be reasonable.
"Alright, Reiken. I admit I wasn't thinking, and I don't want to think. You solve this problem."
Reiken is able to take control of his body now, his eyes turn from a red tone to brown. He thinks on what to do. He decides that since he is already on the way, he should at least go to the church and take a look.

***

"Don't hesitate to stain your hands with blood"

In the history of our world, we'll find many examples of people that made sacrifices, did horrible things, in order to accomplish their goals. Goals aiming at a greater good. I'm sure some of those people did it with grief in their hearts. Hokuto was ready to give himself up, but John wasn't. Sometimes letting someone live may lead to even more deaths. Being merciful, though considered a quality, can sometimes turn out to be a mistake.
You may take on projects that many people oppose. In fact, if it's a big project that affects many people, you're certain to find some to oppose it. If you're not ready to hurt others on your way, you may never accomplish your goal. 
There will be times when there is no possible choice to take that will please everyone, even though we want to. We have to choose the ones to be favored. This may seem like something that only fits in the context of war, but even in our mundane lives there may be moments when we have to throw out our emotions and have the resolve to make decisions we can't make otherwise.

* * * * *

Chapter 8

The religion

Reiken heads towards the church of Destonea to check on the religious people. While he is approaching, he realizes there is a great amount of people going in the same direction, all of them have horns, mostly small, but some already fully grown. During the month that the young warrior has been out of the city, the amount of religious people increased drastically. People are noticing that Reiken is going towards the church, and some of them salute him bowing with smiles on their faces. Reiken just waves back. He arrives at the church and finds so many people entering it, that he would've had to squeeze himself between them to get in, but when the people notice that it's Reiken, they make way for him to pass. There is almost no one else around him that doesn't have horns growing. 
It's the first time that he enters a church, he has been curious about it a few times before, but now he sees that the place is pretty simple, just a big space with a small corridor in the middle, long benches lined up on both sides that people share, and a space in the end that a preacher uses to face the people and talk to them. Reiken decides to stay standing, he puts his back against a wall and waits until something happens. It takes about twenty minutes until everyone is in and settled. The place is full and it seems that there are still some people outside that couldn't enter. A young man with fully developed horns, that Reiken imagines must be around the same age as he is, goes to the space in the end, which is slightly elevated, and turns towards the people. Everyone turns silent. Reiken feels that he knows this man, but can't quite remember.
"Good evening everyone. Welcome back." 
Everyone greets him back in synchronization.
"Today I'm going to talk about the Goddess' plans." The man pauses and opens up a book he has in hands. "The Goddess has a plan for each of us. For centuries the men of our nation have been lost, left without any guidance. We led lives without purpose or meaning. But do not be mistaken, our life has a purpose. Under the guidance of the Goddess' teachings, we need have no fear. As long as we do not stray from the path of truth, and righteousness, there is nothing to fear."
The people shout in agreement.
"The Goddess has a plan for all of us, even though we might not always comprehend them. The Goddess loves us all equally, and teaches us how to lead splendid lives. We need only love Her back, and respect Her will, and She will compensate us with her forgiveness. Our mortal lives are of little significance when compared to the salvation of our souls."
The people shout happily again.
"Your sins will be forgiven."
The people shout.
"Your devotion will be rewarded."
The people shout.
"Embrace Her will, and we can live in peace, and harmony."
The people shout and applause. The place gets noisy. For Reiken, it felt like he didn't say anything meaningful, but he imagines it's because it's the first time hearing about these teachings of the goddess. The noise is bothering him. After a minute, the people stop cheering and go silent again.
"People, as you all must have noticed, we have a very especial guest in our church, who by the way was once a childhood friend of mine, and is now lord of our city. How about coming here and sharing a few words with the people, Reiken?"
Everybody looks at Reiken waiting for him to say something.
"I'm only here to watch."
"Please, Reiken, come here. I'm sure that everyone is curious to ask you about some things. After all, you've been away from Destonea for a whole month."
"I've been taking care of some business to ensure a prosper future to our city. I don't want to get into details."
"Reiken, is something here displeasing you?"
"Not really, it's just... I have a lot on my mind right now, I'm sorry for being so rude, people."
"Sorry, you must be tired. It's fine, maybe another time you can speak to the people then?"
"Yeah, I intend to do that. If you'll excuse me, I'll take my leave now."
Reiken leaves the church without saying anything else, people watch him without knowing what to think of him. When Reiken is distant from the people, John starts talking to him.
"Ok, really, we need to solve this problem."
"What problem?"
"What do you mean 'what problem'? You're going to let this church continue to spread that bullshit to people?"
"Why do you hate this religion so much? I can understand your hate comes from what happened to your village, and that was a great tragedy, but do you really believe the religion is to blame? That it causes people to act like that?"
"No, but still, this religion thing is degrading. A bunch of bullshit. Do you really actually believe in the existence of a goddess, an almighty being that transcends our existence, that transcends death, and loves everyone equally, wanting our happiness? With all the suffering and misery that people go through, the injustices and differences, you believe there is a goddess that suddenly makes it all not matter anymore, because she loves us and will reward us only by giving her our loyalty? It's ridiculous."
"And how do you explain the appearance of the horns? Of people getting stronger and healthy? How do you explain a bracelet that houses your soul, making you share my body? Doesn't that transcends death?"
"I don't know about that. There are many things that I don't understand, but what they said there doesn't make it more believable, nor does what Hokuto says. There are many things in this world that we won't be able to explain, but that is no reason for me to believe it's the work of a superior being, a goddess. You really believe all that?"
"I don't know what to think actually. At first I simply believed whatever Hokuto was telling me, but I didn't give it much importance, I had other things on my mind. Now, I wouldn't say I believe, but I don't disbelieve either, it's just irrelevant to me, we have more important things to do besides trying to understand this."
"And so what do you intend to do?"
"I only want to stop this conflict between the people that we've been told, and move on with our conquest of Dorohoi. And we can't do this by picking a side, we need the support of all the people of Destonea."
"This could be hard to accomplish."
"But it's the only way, we have to do it."
"If you think you can, then go ahead and try."
"I'll see what I can do tomorrow, right now I just want to rest."
"Alright."

***

Anderson

Reiken wakes up early in the morning, feeling plenty rested. It's the second day since he returned to Destonea. He decides to further look into this conflict between the people. He goes again to the place where he believes must be the center of this, the church. Arriving there, he doesn't find many people inside, he assumes that everyone is at their regular jobs, and they come to the church after they stop working, at night. Still, he goes inside and finds three people there, they all look at Reiken getting in. One of them is the man that gave the speech yesterday. The man closes a book that he was reading and starts heading towards Reiken.
"Good day, Lord Reiken."
"Good day."
"Do you not remember me?"
"I was thinking about that yesterday, your face is familiar but I'm not being able to recall who you are."
"It's Anderson."
The name is enough to help his mind retrieve the memories of him. He knew him during his childhood, they were friends, and Reiken only notices now that Anderson had said so yesterday, he really was quite unfocused.
"Right, I'm remembering about you now. We got into so much trouble together. You were quite violent those days."
"That's right, I was. So you finally remembered about me. You know, it's a great surprise to see you here again. I've been wanting to speak with you."
"Is that so? What about?"
"You seemed somewhat hostile towards me, Reiken. What is the matter? Does the horns bother you?"
"Not really."
"It's been so long. I really want to know about what happened to you in all these years. Wouldn't you like to go somewhere else for us to talk? I have so many things I want to ask."
"Alright, I have some questions of my own as well, anyway."
"Great. Thank you," Anderson smiles at Reiken.
They both step out of the church together and walk towards a small park to have a more comforting conversation. It only takes a couple of minutes until they reach the small park, which is pretty deserted at the moment. They sit on a bench, slightly apart from each other.
"You seem pretty well, Reiken. How many years has it been?"
"About... five or so years, since I last saw you." Reiken answers after thinking for a moment.
"Five years since you left this city. And suddenly you come back as a formidable warrior, saving the city from a gang of bandits, and wanting to be its new leader after the people from Slatina leaves. I so greatly wonder what happened. What made that average kid, always scared to pick a fight, suddenly turn into a warrior of amazing skill? Please tell me what happened."
"... I suppose I just discovered a talent that I never knew I had."
"A talent, huh? You know, I heard the stories, but I never got to see you fight. Would you mind having a small duel with me?"
"You want to fight me?"
"If you don't mind."
"Do you have a weapon with you?"
"Yes, I still carry my trusted mace with me. I hide it under these robes."
"I thought you didn't care for battles anymore."
"Things have changed, and I'm not the same as before, but even so I still don't feel comfortable walking around without a weapon. We've been through so much. Besides, it's still a dangerous world we live in, everyone should have ways to protect oneself."
"Yes, you make a good point."
"So, will you duel me?"
"Why not?"
They get up and take some distance from each other. Anderson picks up the mace hidden under his robes, Reiken unsheathes his two swords. They take their battle stances and look at each other's eyes.
"I don't have to go easy on you, right?" Anderson asks.
"You better not, I wouldn't want this to be too easy."
Anderson smiles, and before long, he makes the first move. He steps towards Reiken and swings his mace hard at him. Reiken easily dodges it but Anderson doesn't stop his movement there, he uses the weight of his mace to lead him into another move, rotating the mace around for another swing, which Reiken also dodges, but Anderson still doesn't stop, he keeps swinging his mace, rotating it around, twisting his body, in one continual movement, trying to overpower his opponent. For Reiken though, after the fifth swing of Anderson's mace, it became very predictable where he would swing it next, Reiken quickly positioned himself right next to Anderson after dodging his swing, placing one of his swords close to his throat. The duel ended quickly. That flurry of attacks would probably be enough to overpower most enemies, but not someone with Reiken's expertise, which he acquired from Hokuto.
"Amazing, Reiken." Anderson is breathing a little harder. "You really must have had some natural talent hidden inside you, the way you moved was amazing. Thank you for dueling me. I just had to see this for myself."
"You're very skilled with your mace as well. I remember you always enjoyed getting into battles when we were younger."
"Yes... but I'm not proud of that. I know better now. Still, it made me stronger and able to survive through many things. I do not fully regret it."
"And now you're preaching about this religion. How did that happen?"
They both sit back in the bench.
"I was so lost, Reiken. I believed in the law of the strongest, I believed it was always every man for himself in this world, I believed in that blindly, but deep inside I always felt like something was wrong, I wanted to be different, I wished for things to be different. Hearing about the Goddess felt like salvation to me. An existence that transcends our mortal lives, watching us, evaluating us. Life just started to make more sense. I mean, what were we living for? What was the purpose of us being here?"
"You believe that we all live for a purpose?"
"But of course, Reiken. How did life come to be in the first place? Did you ever stop to think of that? I always felt there should be more to life than just surviving. But our nation is in complete chaos right now. We need to change this. The people need to change, our whole way of thinking needs to change."
"You can't force others to accept this new religion."
"I wouldn't want to force anyone to do anything, but the people must be made to listen now or things won't change. It's time for change. I heard stories about Slatina, they don't have all the problems we have here anymore. They know they have to spread those teachings to the rest of nation. It is a cause worth starting a war for, and I'll do my part in accomplishing the same goal. When the Liberation Army had to leave with all the preachers, I vowed to continue their work."
"And now almost half the people of our city is growing horns already."
"Yes, but it won't be enough until it's all of us."
"Can't you leave the rest alone?"
"Weren't you hearing what I was saying? Our nation needs to change, Reiken, and the time for change has arrived."
"We are in the verge of fighting a war in Dorohoi, one that I will take part of. And right now, the citizens of our city are split. I can't have this happening at this moment."
"I'd love to help you, Reiken, but I don't think I can. There is this specific group of people that call themselves 'Free Thinkers'. They have been the main cause for the conflict we are having. But if you want to bring our people together again, there is an easy way."
"What way?"
"Accept the religion in your life as well. You are an icon in this city, Reiken, people respect you. If you accept the religion, the rest of the city should quickly follow. If you do this, you would also become a little stronger. All you need to do is acknowledge the Goddess and pray for her. If she acknowledges you back, the horns will soon begin to grow, and you'll start to feel the change."
"Sorry, but right now I don't want to consider this."
"Why not?"
"I don't know what to think of this religion yet, and I don't have time to think about it either. Besides, the horns call for too much attention, and I can't have this."
"Then I'm afraid I can't help you."
Reiken sighs. "Then I guess we are done talking here for now." Reiken gets up from the bench.
"Can I ask you one more thing, Reiken?"
"Yes?"
"What happened to Marina? You two were always so close together. You loved her, didn't you?"
"She... died."
"What happened?" Anderson doesn't sound surprised, like he was expecting the answer.
Reiken thinks for a moment. He doesn't want to talk about it, he knows it will just help Anderson press him further with this religion thing. "Goodbye, Anderson." Is all Reiken says. He starts walking away. Taking some distance from Anderson, John starts speaking to him.
"Reiken."
"What?"
"Don't you dare consider becoming one of those religious freaks. I'll use all my willpower to stop you if I have to."
Reiken smirks. "Ok."
"So what do you plan on doing now?"
"I'm not sure. We should check those Free Thinkers group. If we can't solve this problem with the religious ones, maybe we can solve it with them."
"Good thinking. I'll back you up."
Reiken starts walking around the city looking for clues about the leader of this group called Free Thinkers.

***

Christiana

Reiken walks around the city to look for the leader of the group called Free Thinkers, that Anderson claimed to be the cause for the conflicts between the people, but as he is walking he changes his mind. Reiken feels like taking his time to just observe the city and its people, it's been a long time since he was here, he wants to see what changes he notices. The most noticeable change is the amount of people with horns growing on their heads. It feels very weird, Reiken can remember some of those people, and now they have little horns on their heads, it gives a strange sensation, that just like Anderson said, change is coming. It may be, and it's hard to imagine what the nation will be like in a couple of years.
"In one single month, so many people are growing horns. I wished we could just stop this now, and deal with these guys believing in this religious nonsense," John says.
"We can't force people on what to believe, and we can't afford to lose their trust either."
"... I know."
They were both thinking about the same thing, though they have different opinions about it. But Reiken thinks, that like John, there must be others in this city that despise the religion as well. Then he notices something. It seems like the people with horns are mostly only socializing with other people with horns, and the ones without only socialize with others like them. Maybe the people are anxious of relating themselves to the religious ones, possibly even scared. It makes sense that a group of people could get together to try to oppose the religion, its fast growth and huge change causes a lot of uneasiness. Change, per definition, is something that can cause uneasiness. People like comfort. Just as he was thinking this, a man approaches Reiken to speak to him.
"Hello, sir?" The man talks in a low voice, with his head slightly facing down.
"Yes?"
"Are you busy?"
"Do you want to ask me something?."
"Would you accompany me? There is someone that would like to meet you. It's not far from here."
"And who is this someone?"
"She's the leader of our group. We call ourselves Free Thinkers."
"Really? Excellent, I've been wanting to meet such person."
"How great, then please follow me."
The man that approached Reiken seemed very respectful of him, it always makes Reiken feel good when well treated, considering how he used to be in the past. He follows the man without saying anything, and as the man said, it doesn't take very long for them to get to their destination. They enter a simple bar. The man leads him inside towards a table where a woman is sitting by herself. The beauty of this woman is astonishing. She seems to be around twenty five years old, at the prime of her looks. She has long dark hair, crystal blue eyes like Hokuto's, and a well-proportioned, strong body. She is a bit taller than Reiken is. He imagines that she probably didn't get much peace during her life after her body matured, as there are many dangerous men in this territory that would try to assault her, having such beauty. She talks to Reiken in an unsympathetic way, sounding like someone who doesn't take orders from anyone.
"What an honor. The esteemed lord of our city, comes to see me, shortly after returning from his one month absence. Have a seat."
Reiken sits down by the table without greeting her.
"Do you mind if I not call you sir?"
"I do mind," Reiken recalls what Hokuto taught him one day, about respect needing to be demanded sometimes.
"Oh, I'm sorry... sir. My name is Christiana," she says while pressing one hand to her breasts. "I would love to have a small chat with you. I heard you went to the church yesterday, and that you were talking to that Anderson earlier today."
"You've been following me?" Reiken speaks without sounding concerned.
"No, no, we are not following you. But we do follow that man, and we keep watch on that place."
"You're the leader of this Free Thinkers group that Anderson told me about."
"Well, yes, weren't you told about it? I named our group Free Thinkers so it would get people's attention."
"You want the name to suggest that being religious isn't free thinking."
"That's right. That's what I believe."
"Exactly. That's what 'you' believe. So why criticize what they believe. Why not leave them alone?"
"Are you thinking on joining this religion... sir?"
"No, I am not considering it. But I went there to speak with him because this conflict between the people of Destonea is a problem to me."
"It's not that I don't want to leave them alone, but while you were away doing nobody knows what, that man Anderson and his religious buddies have been inducing more and more people to join them, and if you haven't noticed, they have been pretty successful."
"Anderson doesn't seem to be forcing anyone to join him, the people who do so are doing it in their own free will. Isn't that what free thinking is about?"
"Well that's because people are too stupid to realize things on their own. I just felt like I had to do something to... 'defend' the people."
"The reason Slatina attacked Dorohoi was exactly to spread the knowledge of this religion to the rest of the nation. They believe it can bring peace to our chaotic land. If there is a chance for a lasting peace, wouldn't you wish for it?"
"Peace?" Christiana looks the other way, thinking about it. "Yeah, I can see it could make our land more peaceful. But at what cost? Is it worth it if the people just forget about dignity?"
"Dignity? What do you mean?" Reiken frowns.
"Have you heard Anderson's preaching before? 'Live for the Goddess', 'believe in the Goddess', 'if the Goddess wills it, you will have what you desire', 'the Goddess has a plan for each of us', those are words that he spoke, and people cheered him for them. Personally, it disgusted me. If the goddess wills it? Plan? It sounded like there isn't any free will involved in our lives. What about chasing our dreams and desires? What about all the effort we put to survive? He speaks that we'll be rewarded after death, but that's ridiculous, we should seek to reward ourselves in life, not in death. If not, what's the point of living in the first place? Sorry but I just can't find a way to respect this religion."
"I can kind of understand what you mean."
"So you agree with me, don't you?"
"That's not what I meant."
Christiana sighs. "Well, either you support me, or I'm just going to continue doing what I have to on my own."
Reiken pauses to think for a moment, and soon decides that he needs some time and privacy to better think about everything. "I will be discussing this with you again some other time."
"I will be waiting." Christiana displays a cynical smile.
Reiken gets up from his chair, and walks out of the bar. He just resumes walking around the city not knowing what to do, thinking about this situation. John soon talks to him.
"It doesn't seem like you accomplished anything talking to her either."
"The fact is that in general I actually agree with her. And I'm sure Jesse would too."
"So how do you plan to solve this problem now?"
"I don't know."
"If you agree with her, and I also agree to do something about this religion, then maybe that's what we should do, don't you think?"
"Maybe." Reiken sighs. "I need to think about this some more."
"Alright. Do as you wish, Reiken. Just remember we don't have much time."
Reiken is feeling the weight of the decision he needs to make, it will bring a very meaningful impact to the city. He wished to just bring the people together without picking any sides, but he doesn't know how he can do it. Should he just pick one side? Should he really just repress the religion, the thing Hokuto has been fighting for? It's been days and Hokuto still hasn't spoken a word, even with all that is going on. He doesn't feel capable of making this decision on his own. Reiken starts heading back to the manor, maybe he can find counseling there.

***

Responsibility

As Reiken is entering the manor, the guards at the entrance call for his attention.
"You have a little visitor waiting for you, sir. He should be in the second room down the hallway."
"What visitor?"
"Sounds like a fan of yours."
Both of the guards smile at him. Reiken doesn't pay much attention to it and goes inside to meet this visitor. As he approaches the door of the room, he hears the voice of a young kid.
"It's... Jacob." Reiken speaks in a low voice.
"He must want to ask you about his mother."
"Ask me? Why do I have to be the one to talk to him? You're the one that gave Pam up to the enemy."
"Hey, I saved your life."
"That's not even necessarily true. I don't care, he is your responsibility."
"Fine, I'll tell him. There's no need for any especial pity, he's not the only kid that lost a mother in this world."
John takes control of the body, turning Reiken's eyes red. He opens the door and enters the room without any particular expression on his face. He sees Jacob there alongside a woman and a man. They all turn their looks at him. Jacob runs to him with a worried expression on his face that would make most people break down in pity, it almost does so with John, but he is determined to feel no regret and no remorse. He thinks that the little Jacob has become just another orphan between countless others, he'll feel sorrow, but eventually he will overcome it, and become stronger.
"Reiken, Reiken."Jacob hugs John's legs, then looks up after a moment. "Reiken, where is my mom? They told me you were back but no one is telling me where she is? Where is she?"
"I'm sorry, kid," John pats Jacob's head, but his look has no expression, "she is not coming back."
"What do you mean?" Jacob's eyes start to swell.
"The bad guys got her. You're on your own now. You need to be strong and brave."
"No. NO."
Jacob presses his face against John's leg and cries. John starts to feel the fabric of his cloth getting wet. He doesn't want to comfort the little boy, he pushes him back a little and turns to leave. He makes an effort to not feel something, he wants to leave before any emotion gets a hold of him. He believes the little Jacob will have to learn to deal with his pain, these people will probably continue to look after him, he thinks that Jacob isn't his problem. And that's all there is to it. He leaves the room and hears a voice he hasn't heard in days.
"So that's how you take responsibility for your action, John?"
"Hokuto?" John sounds surprised.
"Your lack of feelings saddens me."
"Being sentimental doesn't get you far in this world, Hokuto. Everyone needs to learn how to deal with their pain."
"Were you always like this?"
John doesn't answer.
"I can't accept how you dealt with this, John. Jacob isn't just another orphan that has nothing to do with us. It is our fault he lost his mother. We need to take real responsibility for it."
Hokuto easily takes control of the body again. He turns back and returns to the room to speak to Jacob. The kid is still crying with his hands on his face, while the other two are just watching him with sadness, each with a hand over his shoulder.
"Jacob."
"Reiken?" Jacob opens one of his eyes to look at Hokuto.
Different than John, Hokuto is looking back at Jacob with a gentle, worried look. "I'm so sorry for your mother, Jacob." Hokuto comes closer and puts his hand over the kid's head. "I'm going to protect you now, if you let me. I will look out for you in Pam's place, and I'll teach you everything I know, until you become a strong, independent man. I promise you." A tear trickles down his cheek.
"... You will?"
"Yes."
Jacob hugs Hokuto, that's his answer.
"You should continue to stay with those two, and you can come visit me whenever you want. When you grow a little older, I'll start teaching you to become a great hero one day." Hokuto lifts Jacob's face with one hand, "you be strong now, ok? Become someone that will make your parents proud."
"Ok." Jacob makes an effort to make a serious face.
"Good boy." Hokuto smiles at him.
Shortly after that, the man that is looking after Jacob asks to have a moment with Hokuto in private. He asks what happened to Pam and Hokuto just answers that she was captured by the Stockoms. The man is distressed, but doesn't say anything else. Then Hokuto leaves to be on his own and talk to the other two.
"Why did you do this, Hokuto?" John asks.
"Because you were right about me, John. I didn't want to sacrifice Pam, but I did consider it. I let you do it. If I really wanted to stop you, I would've found the will to do it, but I didn't. This is my fault as much as yours."
"Why were you not talking to us anymore?" Reiken asks.
"I... needed some time for myself."
"Do you know what's our situation at the moment? I need your advice, Hokuto."
"Yes, I've been watching. I had faith you would find an answer by yourself, but let me tell you this, picking a side isn't a solution for us. We need to bring the people back together. All of them."
"Yeah, but how?"
"Well, first we should find a way to convince Anderson and Christiana to stop their dispute, we need to find a solution that could make both of them agree to back off."
"And how do you suggest we do that?" John asks.
"We should observe them some more."
"We need to solve this problem fast, though."
"Yes, I know."
"Alright, let's do it. The night has just begun, we have plenty of time." Reiken says feeling more confident.

***

Faith or obstinacy?

Hokuto is walking towards the church to check up on it again. He notices a large group of armed people going the same way, and none of them have horns. It seems he is about to experience one of the conflicts they were told about. Hokuto decides to follow and watch them without being noticed to see what is going to happen. As they get closer to the church, the streets are getting more crowded, just like yesterday. They arrive at the church and the group of armed people stop before it. A pack of horned people form up a line and stand in the way of the first group. Hokuto moves to get a better view of them and notices that Christiana has been in the front leading the group. Shortly after, Anderson comes out of the church with more horned people. He stands directly in front of Christiana, staring at her. Hokuto just stays behind the crowd, watching. Christiana and Anderson do all the talking, while the people behind them are just supporting.
"So what brings you here again? Finally decided the error of your ways and decided to join us?" Anderson says first.
"I will never join your pack of freaks." Christiana replies with a cynical smile.
"I find your conviction ironic."
"That's because you're too stupid to think otherwise."
"Though you amuse me, I would still wish for you to find redemption. After all, the Goddess forgives all who wishes for it."
"Why would I want forgiveness from some goddess? Redemption is something that is only achieved within ourselves. You idiots just couldn't cope with reality."
"This is the reality, foolish woman. We were lost before because we didn't have that knowledge. But now we know that life is greater than just ourselves. You are so self-centered that you can't see this truth even when it stares you in the face."
"Now THAT is ironic. You're the one fabricating this 'truth'. Truth is something we can see and experience. The truth is what we live, what we suffer, what we fight for. There is no meaning to our life other than what we make of it. No one can tell us what the meaning of our lives are, not even a goddess."
"You say goddess like it doesn't mean anything. You just don't realise how insignificant we are next to Her. Our life isn't the end of things, there is more to it. The Goddess gives us purpose. Within Her embrace, we can feel loved and forgiven. She gives us union and strength to pursue peace. All the men here have come to understand their errors and their flaws, now they thrive to become better persons."
"You and your men, I know what you really are like. A bunch of coward thugs. I know what many of you did before. You think you are all forgiven? Maybe your goddess may have, but I haven't. Redemption doesn't come that easy. I'll show you the meaning of justice."
Everyone is starting to shout loudly. Things are getting heated up.
"So that's what she is really like," Hokuto comments. "She doesn't really want to 'protect' the people, it's a personal vendetta."
"It's best you do something now, Hokuto. They are about to start fighting each other," Reiken says.
"I agree."
Hokuto makes his way between the shouting crowd to quickly get in the middle of it, between Christiana and Anderson, that already had their weapons in hand.
"Stop this now," Hokuto yells.
Everyone is a little surprised by his sudden, and so nearby appearance. The people stop shouting at each other and slowly put down their arms. Anderson does the same but Christiana isn't putting her arm down, she's still holding her small scythe up. This calls for people's attention and Hokuto turns to stare straight at her.
"Reiken, I was hoping you would overlook this."
"Put your arm down, Christiana."
"You're going to side with that man?"
"I'm not picking sides. I can't have our people fighting each other at a time like this. Put-your-weapon-down, Christiana."
"No, those men have been left unchecked for too long. It's past time that we do something about it. I told you before, either join me or stay out of my way."
"You would fight me for that?"
"If I have to."
"Fine. Then fight me, try to beat me, show me your conviction through battle. Convince me that you're the right one here."
"As you wish... 'sir'" Christiana says sir in a mocking tone.
She doesn't even wait for Hokuto to get ready, she moves at him, rapidly slashing with her scythe, but Hokuto picks up his spear in time and starts deflecting her attacks. The crowd instantly take some distance from them to avoid getting hurt. Hokuto doesn't really move to attack her back, instead he pays close attention to all her moves and just deflects. He wants to detect her feelings through the way she is fighting. Though that's the intention, it's not being as easy as he expected. Her technique is quite impressive, she must have been well taught and Hokuto thinks she might also have a natural talent of her own. But her movements are too fierce, they lack precision and grace. He probably could throw her out of balance during many opportunities, but he doesn't want to beat her just yet, he decides to talk to her while they are fighting.
"What are you so angry about, Christiana?"
"Shut up and just fight."
"You have some nice skills for a woman. Whoever taught you must have been a great warrior, too bad he wasn't a good teacher."
"You dare mock my father?"
"Or maybe you were just a bad student."
Christiana shouts as she attacks him. They just keep exchanging attacks at each other. Hokuto is deflecting her attacks and delivering ones at her that are easy to dodge.
"Why go so far as to come here armed to pick a fight with the religious. What is it that you have against them?"
"And let that guy poison more minds with his crap? Someone needed to step up against him."
"So you do it for the people? To protect them? You're a big liar. You lie to us, and to yourself. Why do you fight? What have these men done to you? "
"They are scum. They seriously believe they found redemption, but they don't deserve redemption, nor should it come from some dumb forgiving goddess."
"And you are able to judge who deserves or doesn't deserve redemption? You are a joke. A lie. There is no justice in your actions."
Christiana is so angry she puts all strength into her arm to slash down at Hokuto from over her head. Hokuto quickly steps forward and grabs her wrist with his left hand to stop her attack. Then she quickly tries to punch him with her other arm, Hokuto drops his spear down and catches it with his right hand. Christiana just presses all her strength into her arms, trying to push Hokuto down and slash with her scythe. Hokuto is also putting all his strength to stop her. Their faces are very close to one another, they stare at each other deep in the eyes while putting all the strength they have into their bodies. Christiana is still looking angry and Hokuto is looking back at her with a serious look. After some seconds, Christiana reaches her limit, she lets go of her small scythe and crumbles falling to her knees. She cries. All that anger, the rage, just built up sadness. She hates that she had to go through so much. She hates everyone that goes unpunished. She hates everyone that is having easy lives. She doesn't want to be angry. She didn't want to have to fight. This battle relieved a lot of contained stress. Now she is just sad. She cries, and Hokuto embraces her. She is startled for a moment, but she accepts the embrace. It feels warm.
"You have no idea how hard my life was. All that was taken from me. Taken by undeserving hands. Life is a battlefield, Reiken, you should know that."
Hokuto hears the voice of Reiken whispering in his head. "I do know that. I know that very well. And I lost that battle, I pursued my own death."
Hokuto gets up and speaks looking down at the woman. "Then fight with me for a better life, Christiana. A better life for everyone. Join me in one last battlefield, one for total control. Help me shape this territory into a peaceful land, one that women like you won't have to live always being afraid."
"Shape the territory?"
"Yes. This city is only the first step."
In any normal situation, what Christiana heard is something that would make her burst into laughter, but she doesn't laugh. She looks very deep inside Hokuto's crystal clear blue eyes. In them she sees great determination. She is astounded, she certainly doesn't see any young kid, she sees a strong willed man. 'One last battlefield... for total control, shaping the territory into a peaceful land. Yes... I could fight for that', Christiana thinks to herself. Hokuto is just staring at her kindly, waiting for her response. The crowd is silent, paralyzed in amazement at the situation. Christiana feels her legs trembling as she looks at those blue eyes. Her proudness keeps her from easily making up her mind, but suddenly, she gives in to the urge. She bows down her head before Hokuto.
"If you can really lead us to this future, then I willingly join you, sir."
Hokuto doesn't say anything. He smiles and puts his hand on her slender but strong shoulder. As he feels his heart warming up, he knows that he is not the only one feeling that way, Reiken and John must be feeling it too. After he removes his hand from her shoulder, she gets up to look at him again. Her eyes now show the determination he wanted to see.
"So our lady Christiana finally finds her redemption," Anderson breaks in the silence with these words.
"Be silent, Anderson. I think Christiana is right about many things. You think with the Goddess you have all the answers, but you still have much to learn. I will still be dealing with you later." Hokuto turns towards the crowd, "in two days I'm going to address this situation with a public speech for the whole city to hear. Go to your homes and we'll talk about this in a couple of days. For now, rest your minds and quiet your hearts. There will be no more fighting."
The crowd very slowly starts to dissipate as the people start leaving going to their homes, without saying anything to each other. Hokuto stares at Anderson. He walks away. Hokuto stares at Christiana. She nods and also walks away. Everyone is leaving, and so should he. Hokuto needs to think about the speech he plans on giving soon, to solve this situation once and for all. For now, he goes back to the manor to sleep.

***

John's truth

A man is kneeled in pure nothingness. He is looking around him with a concerned look.  The sound of battle and death starts echoing in the environment, getting increasingly louder, the man feels despair and looks down on the ground while pressing his hands on his head, in an attempt to deny his surroundings. In the middle of this chaos he only makes out the voice of one woman, "John, I love you". John wakes up with a scream. After calming down realising it was just a dream, 'again' is the first word that comes to his mind. He wonders for how long he will continue to have these painful memories disturbing his mind. So does Hokuto.
"Are you ready to tell us what really happened, John?"
John ponders on his question for a while. His heart aches when he thinks of the truth that he has been denying all this time. He decides to make an effort to try accepting the truth now.
"It was my fault."
"What was?"
"Her death, the deaths of everyone, the battle at the village. It was my fault. I started it."
"What do you mean? What did you do?"
John sighs and then takes a deep breath. He starts telling the whole story as he remembers it.
"I was too proud, and too arrogant. There was this woman that I loved. She was so beautiful. I mean, she was really gorgeous. Now that I think about it, I've always been crazy for her, all my life. Heh... all the time I spent with her, you have no idea how many men I had to fight to protect her." He pauses for a moment. "Well, those horned freaks showed up on our village, startling everyone with their appearance, but they were really just trying to talk to the people, to call for our attention. They were trying to explain how they got horns and the existence of some goddess. I didn't pay much attention to what they said, it just sounded like senseless crap to me. But then, some time later, totally unrelated to this goddess thing or why those people were there, I caught one of them courting my woman. Dreek... I'll never forget his name. Naturally I intervened to protect her, as always, with my usual insulting attitude. But that guy, he was just as arrogant as I was, wearing that tough-guy-smirk on his face. Something really ticked my nerves. I started insulting the guy in a way to completely destroy his morals, laughing at how ugly he was with those freaky horns, saying how this goddess shit was pathetic. He snapped as well, and suddenly we were fighting each other. But he was much better than me at fighting, and stronger too, even though he didn't look like it. I was getting pretty beaten, but I wouldn't quit trying. A lot of people had gathered around us by that moment. I kept getting beaten, I wasn't paying attention to anything else, I was filled with rage and pride, so much so that it came close to costing my life, and the woman I loved was there watching the whole thing. She must have felt the need to get in the middle to stop us. I bet she tried shouting at me first many times, but I wasn't listening, I just attacked that man again and again, and when I finally noticed her, she was struck in the middle of us. She died because I wouldn't stop. That moment, felt like time stopped. I couldn't think, I couldn't accept what had just happened. I was down on my knees holding her lifeless body in my arms, crying in great despair. Then I just started cursing him, blaming him for her death, blaming all of the horned people simply for coming to our village. The people of my village probably felt sympathetic for me at that moment, and suddenly the whole thing escalated into a massive fight. After that... I heard a voice, in my head, asking me if I wanted strength, if I wanted revenge. I can't remember much after that, and you guys already know the rest."
"This voice you heard... is really intriguing."
"When we fought you," Reiken talks, "you hardly looked human. You had horns too, but they looked different from those that pledge their devotion to the Goddess."
"It was the voice of some different 'God' then?" John asks.
"It's the only thing that comes to my mind," Hokuto answers. They stay silent for a few seconds. "But this is far beyond our scope, I think pondering about this won't be of any use to us. We have yet to put an end to this conflict in our city between the people and the religious ones. We should talk with all the counselors to make preparations for the speech."
The eyes of the young warrior turn blue, and Hokuto gets up from the bed to prepare himself for the day. They get up early because of John's sudden awakening from the dream, but there is no point in going back to sleep. As soon as John loses control of the body, he notices he is feeling more bothered than usual.
"I don't want to be in the side lines anymore, Hokuto. I want to fight as well, I want to be more active. I have yet to find my redemption."
"You want to fight as well? You know I don't fight because I want to, but because I have to. I have a purpose to fulfill, and I'm sure Reiken feels the same now."
"Yes, I have my own reasons to fight as well."
"And I have mine," John says. "There are battles that I still have to face."
"Since we seem to have woken up a little too early, we could stop by the training place first and see what you can do," Hokuto suggests.
"That sounds good, it's been a while since I fought a battle by myself, I'm actually looking forward to it."
"Alright."

***

John can fight

After eating something light and getting himself ready, Hokuto goes to the 'training place', as they got used to calling it. They want to see how well John can do in battle. Hokuto is also very interested if John will be able to move like he can, the same way Reiken was able to, just from sharing the same body. When they get there, they find a few people already training by themselves, even though it's still very early in the day. This makes Hokuto and Reiken feel very glad, they weren't around for a month, but if the soldiers have been taking their training this seriously, they will prove themselves worthy in the coming war. When Hokuto enters the training area in the middle of the building, all the soldiers stop and turn to him with surprised faces. They seem happy as they congratulate their leader coming in.
"I'm happy to see you all training so early here, have you guys been training every day?"
"Yes sir, every day. Well, almost."
"That is great! I would love to duel each of you to see how the training is going, but now I'm here just to train myself for some short time. I have a lot of things I still need to solve, but eventually I hope I can start coming here often to train with everyone."
"That would be great, sir. I'm sure everyone here would love that. Some of the guys here don't believe you're as good as the rumors say."
"Is that so? Well you guys better be prepared then."
"Yes sir." 
The soldiers resume their training trying to show a proud attitude to impress. Hokuto turns to the wall and whispers to John.
"Well, we've come here so you could fight, so go ahead. What do you want to try?"
John doesn't say anything, he takes control of the body and starts looking around at the weapons stored around at the walls. Hokuto understands he must be looking for something. After some time John finds exactly what he was looking for. His old axe, that was carried with them ever since John joined this body, has been left stored in this place. He doesn't know if anyone has been using it, but he doesn't care, John proudly picks up the axe that he knows so well. The axe is pretty heavy, Reiken has a strong arm considering his body, but it isn't as strong as John's arm was. But it shouldn't be a problem, he thinks, Reiken's strength should be enough to handle this. John takes a few swings to get the feeling of it. Can he fight as well as Hokuto can? For some odd reason that he can't explain, he feels that he can. There is only one way to find out.
"I require an opponent, who can duel me?"
A lot of men shout at the same time wanting to fight John.
"Just one, please. Anyone will do."
They decide amongst themselves who should fight, and they choose a man wielding a spear. Apparently this man must be the strongest one here. John and the man goes to the middle of the training area. The man brandishes his spear and John lifts his axe.
"Are you fighting me with the axe, instead of your spear, sir?"
"Are you scared I might hurt you with it? Don't worry, I will be careful."
"Scared? Tsk. I'll show you something to be scared of."
John talked big and proud, but in truth he is pretty nervous, definitely more than his opponent seems to be. He should also be really careful with how he handles the axe as he doesn't know how well he can control it. John waits for his opponent to attack him, who does it without hesitation. As he is being attacked, his body starts to move almost as if it was moving on its own. It's not that he isn't controlling the body, it feels like he just suddenly developed extremely sharp reflexes, like he just knows what to do. He is parrying his opponent's attacks with great agility, but his movements are still clumsy, so he ends up missing one parry after a few seconds. The man's spear touches John's chest. He lost a match, but John feels nothing like a loser. On the contrary, he is excited to keep on fighting to see what he can do. The people around watching are impressed with the battle, thinking how their legendary leader just lost, but they are convinced that the young warrior isn't an adept at wielding an axe. Right now John doesn't care about what they are thinking, he just wants a rematch.
The two of them start fighting again and John starts parrying his attacks like he was doing before. John's body is remembering how he always used to fight, while also adapting to his new reflexes and agility. Slowly he is getting more and more precision at wielding his old axe with this new body. He compensates the lack of strength with continual movements. After a few more seconds fighting he starts to realise all the openings his opponent is leaving for being attacked. After one very precise parry John quickly punches the man in his kidney with his left fist. The man drops his spear and staggers back, coughing while holding his stomach.
"I'm sorry. I hit you too hard."
"I'm Ok" The man coughs another couple of times while waving one hand up.
"Impressive," Hokuto speaks to John. "So you too can move like me. This is really interesting. I never used that kind of blow with the fist though. I'd wish to ask you about it, but you can't speak to us at the moment. You should practice some more for now. Your style with the axe might come in hand eventually."
John continues to train fighting with the people there, changing opponents and trying new things. He is enjoying himself with his new gained skills and doesn't notice the passing of time, but Hokuto does, and after a few hours, he stops John's training. They have a speech to work on. John says goodbye to the people there and leaves, taking his axe with him.

***

Faith and Belief

Hokuto goes back to the manor to speak to his counselors to talk about the speech he wants to make. After an hour, all the close and trusted counselors are gathered in the meeting room of the manor. Hokuto initiates the conversation speaking of his intention of trying to resolve the conflict between the people. He wants to make a public speech as soon as possible, in the next day if possible. Everyone starts talking about the required arrangements on how to best achieve this. One of the counselors suggests an additional thing for Hokuto to do. He should take the chance to also clear some rumors being told about him, about how Reiken became such a proficient warrior all of the sudden, and what he has been doing during this past month. Hokuto thanks the man for his suggestion and says he'll think about it. They continue to go over more details until they are finished, then start making preparations for the public speech, to happen in the next day. Hokuto goes off on his own, walking around the city thinking and talking to John and Reiken.
After a long conversation with each other, they are set on what to say in the speech. Hokuto tried to convince Reiken to do it, but he insisted that Hokuto should do it for him. To clear the rumors about them, they will have to tell many lies. Meanwhile, word about the speech was being quickly spread to the people. 
In the next day, the moment for the speech arrives. The number of people that are gathering at the plaza of the city is really impressing them. The place is so crowded that people are finding it hard to move there. Still, the people with horns and the ones without are clearly trying to stay apart from one another. There are many guards around for crowd control. Hokuto awaits at a podium for the people to settle down. Reiken feels nervous to be looked at so expectantly by so many people, but Hokuto has no inhibitions to talking to a big crowd of people.
"People of Destonea. Thank you all for coming. It is of great importance that I speak to you. Because of this new religion the people of our city is separated. This simply can not happen. If our people isn't united, we are bound to get conquered by another city. The territory of Dorohoi currently has no duke, a civil war is inevitable. If we are not united and ready for it, we will lose, and then you can all be certain that our current way of living here in Destonea will cease. Because of this, I ask you all to put aside your feelings towards one another regarding these changes with the new religion. I know how strange this transformation with the horns growing is, and how different the things they preach are. It can be something hard to accept, but allow everyone to be free to believe in whatever they want to, without condescending one another for our differences. Stop your senseless judging and fighting. To the ones that have chosen to accept this new religion, stop trying to force it on the others. This is not a request, I'm right now enforcing this as a law, meant not to be broken. By now everyone in the city knows that this religion exists, let those that are interested in it come to you instead. From now on, pursuing more people to join the religion by insistence is forbidden within this city." Hokuto pauses for a moment, and stands looking at the crowd. "Everyone, find the will to stay united, putting aside your differences, or else this city and its lifestyle has no future. Your neighbors are still the same neighbors. Differences of belief will always exist between us, we need to be able to live together without conflicts. That is all that I wanted to say in this matter. Pass on these words to the ones that couldn't be here today. Now, I want to clarify a few of the rumors that regard me. About how I became a skilled warrior so fast, there isn't much I can say about it that would explain it well, I believe I just had a natural skill for it. About me fighting for the Liberation Army of Slatina, it is true, I fought with them to help expel the former duke of Dorohoi. Some things happened that led me to join them, I'm not going to get into details about it and I don't need to explain my reasons, but most of my ability on how to fight, or even how to lead, I learned from them. About why I've been gone for a month, though I am the Lord of Destonea, I'm still a warrior before that, and I was off somewhere else fighting to help ensure the future of this city. It was best that no one knew about it and it is still better that I don't share any details. I hope this puts everyone's minds on the subject more at ease. Thank you all for coming." Hokuto just turns his back and leaves with nothing further to say.
The people don't applause, nor cheer. They stand there watching Hokuto leave, each person seriously pondering on his words. Hokuto thinks this short speech should be enough, and the silence of the people must mean they must be seriously thinking about what he said. If things go back to normal soon, he can return his focus to the incoming battle against Avrig.
Later in the night, Hokuto receives an unexpected visitor at the manor. The young William shows up to speak to him. Hokuto receives him in a small room so they can talk by themselves.
"It's good to see you again, William."
"Hokuto. Your speech was really good."
"It wasn't my speech alone, William. And how are you certain it was me who did the talking?"
"It wasn't hard to figure."
"For how long have you been around?"
"I have always been around. Me and the others came back to Destonea right after you. Though I told the other person in your body that we wouldn't serve you anymore, it turned out that actually most of the Shadows still wanted to follow you nonetheless. After all, there is nowhere else for us to go."
"I'm glad that you're still around, William. Your help is extremely valuable to me."
"The things I said at Avrig, it really was just me. I said we wouldn't want to serve you, but it was just me saying that. I was really mad at you. A few others were too, but many thought that what you did, well, what the other guy did, wasn't really a bad decision."
"I know. What happened made me very mad as well, it even scarred me. But I didn't stop John from doing it, I'm also to blame for it."
"It turned out I was just being a kid about the whole thing. I still have much to learn from you and the others. I just felt like my respect for you was shattered at that moment. Anyway, I just wanted to apologize and tell you that everyone is still here for you."
"That's really good to hear. I may need your services again real soon. We'll talk about this later. I'm tired."
"Alright. Good night, Hokuto." William bows to him.
"Good night."

***

Preparing for the inevitable

The next day, Hokuto walks around the city eager to see the results of his speech. Things didn't change as much as he desired, but he thinks the people probably just need more time. Still, he notices that some are already changing their attitudes, or actually, returning to their previous selves. People that used to be friends are trying to resume their relations. Some people had even stopped to buy their groceries in the store they used to because the owner had changed, but now they are trying to go back to doing so. Hokuto can notice this in the awkward way they are trying to speak to each other, this is already a great step taken forward, he thinks that given more time, everything will go back to normal. But time is something that they do not have. It has already been months since this territory was left without a duke and conflict can rise at any moment. Hokuto believes that if they don't take action first, they are certain to be overpowered later. They don't know the state the other cities are in, how strong they are and who are its lords. But they know that Avrig has a stronger force than Destonea, and they must take advantage of the time that they have to strategize a way to conquer Avrig. He decides to make his number one priority to find a way to turn the odds in his favor. Hokuto considers the idea that John gave Reiken before, of making Marcelo and his group turn to their side during the battle, and making a secret alliance with one of the other two noble families of Avrig. John doesn't bother further helping him with the strategy, at the moment he is only interested in continuing to train his skills with the axe, and since Hokuto is also interested that John trains, he allows him some time to do so without arguing.
In the afternoon Hokuto has a meeting with all his counselors again, to discuss how to conquer Avrig. They talk for several hours, considering many possibilities, but they don't get satisfied with everything planned so far. They call off the meeting when it's getting late, and the young warrior spends the rest of the night doing nothing too important until it's time to sleep. They spend three more days in this same routine, walking around the city in the morning, John training after, and then talking with the counselors in the afternoon, until they finally finish all the arrangements for the incoming battle. It's time to declare war against Avrig. Hokuto decides to ask William to be the messenger with the war declaration, as he needs him and the Shadows to go there make certain preparations. Next, Reiken will go to Moreni village to talk to Alfredo, telling him about the situation and requesting that he presents himself soon with all warriors he can gather to join them in the war.
Reiken travels to Moreni with a few warriors as escorts. He arrives in one hour. He doesn't waste time looking around and heads straight to the house of the village chief. The people he passes by only stare at him, they don't have the same respect for him like in Destonea. Luckily, he finds Alfredo and his father at their house, and he is well received. Alfredo's father offers water to Reiken and his companions, thinking they could be tired from the trip. Reiken sits by a table along with Alfredo and his father. They talk briefly about a few subjects of interest, of the situation in the village, and the situation at Destonea, then Reiken moves the conversation to the main subject.
"I'm about to declare war against Avrig, and I plan to attack them very soon."
"War? Are you serious?" The old man asks surprised.
"Yes, it is inevitable. This territory has no duke. Sooner or later the lords of the big cities will be battling for control. Even if there are no battles, if our city isn't stronger, we'll be swallowed by the others. The nobles may try to solve their quarrels with diplomacy, but unfortunately, I can't do that, there is no way that the nobles would accept me. If I want to become Dorohoi's duke, I have no choice but to fight."
"Heh. You amaze me again, kid," Alfredo says.
"Stop calling him kid, you idiot. Show some respect."
"Yeah, yeah, sorry pops. I'm not used to having manners."
"It wasn't for lack of being taught, though. You were just too stupid to care about learning."
"Hey pops, lay off now, will ya?"
"Bah, whatever," the old man turns back to Reiken, "sorry for my son's behavior."
"It's ok."
"So what is it that you want from us?"
"I want Alfredo and his warriors to join me in the war, of course."
"War, huh?" Alfredo says thinking to himself.
"It was part of our agreement, remember? I've been helping your village as I can, and now I require your warriors to battle with me."
"I remember that." Alfredo thinks to himself for a minute, then clenches his fists and replies without wanting to think anymore, "ha, why do I hesitate? Fine, to war we go. I did give my word after all."
"Son, are you sure about this?"
"What now pops? You want me to back out on my word to him?"
"That's not what I meant, it's just..."
"Hey now, don't worry about me. These muscles ain't just for showing. We'll show what the Moreni Brawlers can do." Alfredo turns to Reiken, "so ki... Lord Reiken, do you have a plan? And this Avrig, how strong are they?"
"Yes, I have a plan. One that the enemy won't see coming. Their forces are much bigger than ours, but we might catch them by surprise if my plan works. Still, there are risks, but can I count on you?"
"Yes, you can count on us."
"Excellent, Alfredo, I'm glad. I'll need you and your warriors to come to Destonea so we can plan our coordination for a high scale battle. I have to sort out formation and some strategies. You'll have to leave this village a little defenseless for some time. I believe it should be ok."
"I understand."
"Great, come to Destonea by tomorrow, please."
"I'll talk to the others."
They continue to talk about this and other things, then after some time, Reiken leaves to get back to Destonea. The meeting with Alfredo went well, making them very glad. Reiken goes back to his city and focuses on making preparations for the battle, while he waits for William and the Shadows to come back with information about their mission at Avrig. It has been three months since the Liberation Army has left Dorohoi, and two weeks since the young warrior came back from his month in Avrig. It's about time they declare war, if they don't get stronger quick, what other enemies will they have to face?

***

The Shadows

William and most of the Shadows are at Avrig carrying on very important tasks given to them. The main reason for William to be here is to work as a messenger and deliver a declaration of war of Destonea against Avrig. He has a letter with him written by Reiken, dictated by Hokuto, demanding that the lord of Avrig surrender his city to Reiken or face Destonea in battle in one week. William has to give this letter in an already determined day, but before this day, he and his companions have another three tasks they have to complete.
When William and the Shadows arrived at Avrig, its situation had already changed. The Stockom family has finally seized full control of the city. The dispute between the three families of nobles was over, and now the other two families have to answer to the head of the Stockom family, Braun Stockom, before they can make any important decisions regarding their city. The effort that Hokuto and the others put to disrupt the dominance of the Stockoms did not work. He may have weakened the Stockoms with the death of Jessica, but that's the only target they really killed, and it wasn't enough. The capture of Pam and the others, only helped the Stockoms to prove their competence to the people. There are some posters spread out around the city with a drawing of Reiken and a written description of him, stating that if such man is seen he should be immediately denounced to the city guards. Apparently, all that Hokuto did was for nothing, and the Stockoms could not have been any stronger than they are now, but that's not true.
The first task given to William and the Shadows was to contact Marcelo to check up if he hasn't forgotten about his sworn allegiance to Reiken. They look for a way of having a meeting with him in the most subtle way that they can. It ends up being an easy task. After Marcelo heard that there were messengers wanting to talk to him about Reiken, he readily contributed to arrange a meeting. He has not forgotten about his allegiance to Reiken, in fact, he was eager to hear something from him, and stop serving the Stockoms. The meeting goes well, William receives Marcelo's word that when the time comes he will fulfill his role.
The second task should be harder. They want to make a secret alliance with one of the other two dominant noble families in the city. First they spend a few days seeking information about the reputation of the two families, the Kubotas or the Scalets. They need to choose carefully which one has a highest potential of being an ally, choosing wrong can ruin their whole plan. The Scalets have always been greatly more favored by the commoners, they have a history of having helped the commoners in many situations before, but that also made them lose favor from other noble families. Choosing the Scalets ends up being their safest bet. They quickly work towards having a meeting with the head of the Scalet family. They request a meeting with him saying that they have a great proposition, which ends up being granted. A man and a woman from the Shadows work as representatives of Reiken and Destonea. In the meeting they tell the head of the Scalet family everything that he needs to know. He is told that Destonea is soon declaring war against Avrig, if he helps with their plan and they win, he can have control of Avrig, as long as he becomes a permanent and trustful ally. They work out various terms, rules and requirements until they come to an agreement. He agrees to do his part in the plan if he feels that they can really achieve victory. That concludes with great success two of the three tasks given to the Shadows, they still have some days to accomplish the third task before William has to deliver the declaration of war.
The third task isn't a pleasant one. The Shadows have to dispose of Reiken's captured companions, the ones that weren't killed when John gave away the location of their hideout in this city. It may seem greatly cruel, but it's required, something that even Hokuto agreed on, and a job that only the Shadows can do. They can't risk the possibility of them telling other people later of what John really did, it could ruin Reiken's reputation. Killing imprisoned men isn't an easy thing to do as well, but the Shadows, being trained for many years, know many different tricks to accomplishing their goals. They try to find out where the food being delivered to the prisoners is coming from, so that they can poison it. This method should take longer to take effect, but it's much safer. After they discover the source of the food being delivered, they are confident that their task will be fulfilled, even if William has to deliver the declaration of war before the prisoners die. Even if the plan of poisoning the food somehow fails, they still have a backup plan which they can apply during the war. That concludes the third task.
At the determined day, William goes to the Stockom's residence requesting a meeting with Braun Stockom, implying he has a letter from Reiken, Lord of Destonea, demanding surrender or declaring war if refused. Braun Stockom hardly believes what he reads, he looks at William with a troubled look and asks him if he is serious. The son, Brian Stockom, that has been next to his father during this meeting, just laughs, and tells his father it must not be a joke. Braun doesn't laugh, he seriously looks at William and answers he won't surrender, then sends William off. Of course, it was just as expected. William's task is done. Now all he has to do is return to Destonea and report all that has been achieved. A week from this day, there will be a great battle.

***

Prelude to war

Two days following Reiken's return from Moreni village, Alfredo and the Moreni Brawlers come to Destonea as was requested. Reiken greets them formally and very quickly shows them around the city explaining its situation. Alfredo and his companions are greatly surprised and amazed at all the people with horns walking around, they've seen them before, but not this many together. Afterwards, since they had arrived at late afternoon, Reiken leads them to where they'll stay during the next days. Reiken tells Alfredo to come early at the training place of the city, where they'll begin training for the coming war.
The young warrior has been making several preparations for the battle. Among other things, he has recruited as many warriors as he could, including Christiana, Anderson and all of their respective followers that can fight. In the early morning of the next day, every person that will take part in the young warrior's army gathers next to the training place. Hokuto acts as their general and starts separating everyone into smaller forces, assigning captains to each one. Christiana will lead the people that used to follow her, along a few more guards of Destonea that Hokuto has assigned to her. There isn't a single person with horns in her unit. Anderson will be leading his followers, all people with horns growing on their heads. Alfredo will obviously be leading the warriors from his village, who like to call themselves Moreni Brawlers, since they are all adepts at close combat using gauntlets as their weapon of choice. Along with these three battle units, Hokuto creates another two, with two captains of his choosing, comprised of a mixture of horned and normal people.
After everyone is assigned, Hokuto starts to practice many things with all his soldiers as fast as he can. When everyone is together they train how to move, how to receive orders, and just various battle tactics they should know. During off times, he gathers with all the captains to teach them how to lead, how to give orders, how to assign roles, and many different tactics as well. Nobody questions why Reiken knows so much about leading and fighting a war. Between the days that Hokuto is practicing with his soldiers, William finally arrives with news from Avrig. Hokuto is told that everything went according to plan, the war has been declared and the enemy is aware of the set day for the battle. Hokuto just focuses on training his army to his best effort, in the short time that they have. If he wanted to train everyone into perfection, it would take months, but Hokuto didn't want to wait that long, it could turn out to be too late. He is counting in his faith.
In the last day before they march to attack Avrig, everyone is allowed a deserved rest. He wants the people to have a moment to relax, they must all be tired and nervous. Soon, there will be war.

***

The war

Destonea's army begins to march. They march for two days at a comfortable pace, camping during the night. In the morning of the third day they arrive at the great plains that is soon to turn into a battlefield. The enemy is already waiting for them, just a few miles away from their city. The size of the enemy's army is at least one half bigger. Reiken notices that the people behind him are getting scared.
"Don't be afraid people," Reiken shouts. "We will win this battle! Everyone, enter formation."
All the captains begin preparing their units. Reiken faces the army of the enemy for a few minutes, then decides to ride ahead to have a talk with the enemy leader. He takes Christiana and Anderson with him. As they ride together towards the enemy, five men start riding towards them as well. They all meet in the middle between the two armies.
"Reiken, I assume?" Braun Stockom speaks first.
"That's correct."
"My son told me about you. I couldn't believe him at first, but here you are. A young commoner leading an army."
"I'm used to not be taken seriously."
"You brought that army all the way over here with the intent of fighting a battle with us. Are you really serious about attacking us, even after seeing the size of Avrig's forces?"
"We can spare the violence if you prefer to surrender."
Braun Stockom and and the others with him laugh together cheerfully, except for one person. Reiken takes a side glance at him and can't help giving a soft smirk. He never saw the man before, but it must be the head of the Scalet family, the man who he made a deal with. And once again, Reiken is being underestimated, they are not taking him seriously at all, and every time it happens, it just gives him an expectation to a later satisfaction of surprising everyone.
"I like your sense of humor."
"Well, I thought it wouldn't hurt to suggest it."
"I have no idea how a kid like you managed to become the lord of a city, but to think you also convinced all those people to come here and fight against Avrig, is just completely beyond me to understand how that is possible. Look, kid..."
"It's Lord Reiken."
"... Lord Reiken. Why don't you just turn back now before doing something really stupid." Braun looks over Reiken's shoulders for a moment, then back at him. "You're greatly outnumbered, fighting with an army of commoners. I don't want to fight unnecessary battles. You're probably an intelligent man to have been able to accomplish what you did, why ruin all that now?"
"Ha ha, Reiken. The guy doesn't take you seriously at all." John's voice is heard mocking Reiken.
"Sorry, Stockom, I did not come all the way here just to back out at the sight of your army."
"So you really want to fight us?"
"Yes."
"Fine, so be it." Braun Stockom just turns around with his horse and gallops away, followed by the other four with him.
"Reiken, are you sure we can do this?" Christiana asks him after the enemy left.
"Trust me, Christiana. We know what we are doing."
"We?"
"Don't mind it. Let's get ready for the battle."
Both Christiana and Anderson are looking concerned, but they trust Reiken, they want to trust him. Reiken isn't looking concerned, and this eases their minds, but in truth Reiken is feeling very nervous, he conceals it in order to not worry anyone. Reiken is not alone, he trusts the ones with him. Hokuto himself isn't worried or nervous at all, he is used to battle, it is what he does best, and this isn't his first war, he is as calm as one can be in such situation, trusting his faith. John on the other hand, is feeling excited, with expectations towards the battle, he doesn't think of Reiken's body as his own, he is not attached to it enough to be scared of death or failure. They get back to the army and turn to watch the enemy movement. They are already moving their forces to attack.
"So Braun decided to act first instead of waiting. He must be wanting to envelop our army with their superior numbers and finish the battle as fast as he can," Hokuto tells Reiken.
"What do we do?" Reiken whispers feeling worried.
"Don't panic, Reiken. We can work this to our advantage. Watch the enemy carefully, and let's position our forces accordingly. Let me take over now, I'll fight this battle for you."
Hokuto takes control of the body.
"What if our plan fails?" Reiken asks.
"Have faith," Hokuto feels there is nothing else to say, Reiken just has to believe.
"You're way too scared, Reiken. Act like the proud leader you're supposed to be." John encourages him.
"I'm not scared! I'm just... concerned."
"Yeah, right."
"Let's focus, please," Hokuto says calmly.
Hokuto is analyzing the enemy carefully. Although the army is walking together, Hokuto can notice the enemy forces is divided in smaller units, just like the groups that controlled each sector of Avrig. After quickly evaluating each unit's size and predominant weapon of choice, Hokuto starts to order their captains around to position their warriors according to the enemy. The Moreni Brawlers are positioned against an enemy unit that is mostly wielding swords, whom they excel against. Anderson's unit and Christiana's unit are positioned against two of the most dangerous looking units of the enemy, since Hokuto considers them the most capable. He also notices that Marcelo's unit, which is one of the biggest on the enemy's side, will come at them through their right flank, and Hokuto decides to leave that flank the most 'vulnerable', but in fact, he trusts that Marcelo will turn to their side at the right moment, just as he's been asked to. Hokuto imagines for a moment that if Marcelo betrays them, the battle will certainly be lost, but he doesn't want to really consider this, he has complete faith that everything will go according to plan, the cause for which he fights for can't possibly lead to failure. Finally, Hokuto's unit will directly face against the most powerful unit of the enemy, the one where the Great Boar stands. When the enemy is starting to get close, and the tension is rising, Hokuto decides to give a final speech to every warrior that stands with him, speaking loudly for all to hear.
"WARRIORS! The enemy marches against us, thinking their victory is assured with their numbers. But worry not! Their numbers may be higher, but our will is stronger. For this is the day when the people of Dorohoi stand against the oppression of the nobles! This is the day that we, commoners, fight back for control of our lives. No more dependant of the nobles, but free people, strong, and unified! Fight with vigor, fight with honor, today is the first step for a new future to Dorohoi! TO VICTORY, FOR FREEDOM!"
This small speech was enough to lift up the morale of every warrior in his army. Their shouting for their leader and lord are deafening. Forget their numbers, these warriors are fighting for a cause, for a dream, for a future. Everything can change from this day on. The leader in front of them said they could win, he led everyone here, he must be right, he can't be wrong, during this moment, at this heat, everyone believes that. It doesn't matter what the odds are, no one wants to think of it anymore. They'll fight with all their might. It's amazing what people can do if they have the right cause.
"Great speech, Hokuto. I wonder what the people would think if they knew you were a nobleman yourself."
Hokuto ignores John's commentary, he knows he was a hypocrite, but that speech wasn't from Hokuto the noble, it was from Reiken, the young commoner who lost everything, but became lord of a city. That's who people believe in. That's the direction he agreed to take on in his mission. Reiken's character is perfect for this, it will work. Reiken doesn't say anything, he is also amazed at Hokuto's speech, feeling hyped like everyone else that heard it.
The enemy is approaching, there are only seconds left for the battle to start. Everyone is standing still, the tension is rising again, and Hokuto gives the final encouragement to his army. He lifts his spear high in the air and charges ahead at the enemy. Seeing their leader being so brave is enough to give everyone the courage to do the same. They charge at the enemy with deafening battle-cries. Countless warriors clash at each other. The battle begins.
It's the first time that Reiken and John sees a large-scale battle like this, being right in the middle of it. Hokuto is skillfully stabbing enemy after enemy with his spear. One could usually say that life is immeasurable, but here in the battlefield, its meaning is reduced to nothing. Each second that passes, lives are being taken. Reiken feels, he simply knows, he won't be the same after this day is over.
Hokuto couldn't tell during the battle, but Marcelo kept to his word. Marcelo's forces, just as they were about to reach Hokuto's army, simply turned around and attacked their own 'allies'. Marcelo's sudden betrayal of the noble's army got many people by surprise, and what seemed to be a weak right flank, suddenly became a strong one. The battle was becoming more favorable, but they were still fewer in number. Hundreds of enemy soldiers die, but they have hundreds more to face. It still doesn't seem like they can win, but Hokuto's army is definitely putting a fight that the enemy was not expecting.
Then, the Great Boar's unit joins the fight. Everyone still had their hopes high, but after seeing that man charging into the battlefield, that hope started to plummet. The Great Boar is killing countless warriors, and the soldiers with him are not failing to impress as well. That giant man can easily be noticed from a long distance. 'That man has to be stopped, and it has to be me', Hokuto thinks to himself. He already lost to him twice, but this time, he has to win. Hokuto goes straight to his target, killing only the ones he needs to on the way.
"Great Boar! I challenge you!" Hokuto yells with booming voice.
The people closeby suddenly turn towards Hokuto, and oddly, everyone around just seemed to forget what they were doing, they stop to watch the man that dared to declare such challenge. The Great Boar turn his full attention towards Hokuto, a giant wearing full armor, a unique armor, with many pointy ends. The man never says a word, never shouts, never laughs. It makes one wonder if he is a man at all. Hokuto is nervous, he doesn't know if he can beat him, but he has to believe that he can.
They fight against each other in a spectacular show, the people around them simply couldn't help stopping what they were doing in order to witness it. The Great Boar swings at Hokuto with his axe, but hits the air every time. Hokuto jumps around, rolls on the ground, ducks, whatever he needs to do, his reflexes doesn't falter, if it did it would be the end of him. But this is definitely more tiring to Hokuto than it is to the Great Boar. Hokuto, as before, is delivering countless thrusts at him, but they don't seem to have much of an effect. He tries new things, new spots, but it still isn't working. It's like the Great Boar is a genius, he reads Hokuto's every move. The enemy is cheering for the Great Boar with delight, Hokuto's allies seem to be getting worried. 'This is bad', Hokuto thinks. He steps back and tries to think.
"Hokuto, let me try." John says.
"What are you talking about?"
"The spear clearly doesn't work against him. We have to try something different, like my axe."
"You want to fight a man of his size, axe against axe? That's crazy!"
"Is it? Maybe that's exactly what he wants others to think. No one would try a close range weapon against him, his size alone is enough to put fear in people. So what does he do? Wears an armor that is perfect against the one weapon that could beat him, and trains how to perfectly avoid any attack."
Hokuto stays silent.
"It doesn't matter what you want. I can see that your will is weakening, and I want to fight him."
Hokuto's eyes suddenly turn red. The young warrior puts his spear away at his back, and takes the axe in hand. Everything about him changes, his stance, his expression, the very air around him felt like it changed. The Great Boar stops moving towards him for a second and stands still. If John could see the man's expression right now, it probably would be of surprise.
"Whatever you do, just don't let him hit you, don't leave yourself vulnerable to attacks, you need to be patient and attack only at the perfect moments."
Hokuto's advise felt to John like an approval of switching between then. He really must be out of ideas.
"Please, John, don't lose," Reiken's voice sounds desperate.
One could say that Reiken is almost literally worried sick, but all he can do is hope for the best, he certainly doesn't have the will to fight the Great Boar himself. 'Don't worry Reiken, I got this' John only thinks it to himself, and grips his axe tightly. He believes he can move like Hokuto, he only needs to focus. If he wants to hit the Great Boar with his axe, he'll need to get up close and dodge his swings first. 
John moves in range for the Great Boar to attack, and the first one he tries is a vertical swing, one that could cut a man in half if it hits. John sidesteps barely dodging it, then quickly swings his axe with all his strength at the Great Boar's side, aiming at a fold in his armor. The axe manages to sink through and slightly hit his flesh. For the first time they hear the giant's voice, sounding a little pained. John feels joy from managing to hurt this man, and at this moment he is hit in a way he didn't expect. The Great Boar slaps John hard on the face with the back of his left hand. John feels a lot of pain and is pushed back, fortunately pulling his axe with him as well. His face was scratched by the armor and is bleeding. He is fine, but he needs to focus, he can't let this happen again. John feels he can win, it seems like the man's armor wasn't built for such direct blows. If he hits the right spots, he can slash past the armor.
John does the same thing again, he comes close and waits for the Great Boar to attack. This time he delivers an horizontal slash. John quickly steps back and pushes himself forward in one same motion, then slashes from above at the Great Boar's shoulders. The axe slightly sinks at the man's armor once more, but this hit felt like it hurt John's arms as much it hurt the man. It was like hitting hard at a rock while using a metal pipe. The pain prevents the Great Boar from quickly counter-attacking, and John manages to pull off his axe in time. But his arms are so sore, that if he does this too many times, he will end up losing his strength. He has to endure, this is the only way, this method is working. Once more John does the same, he dodges, than hits the Great Boar with all the strength he can muster. The blows really hurt his arms, but he endures. Every slash from the Great Boar is a near death experience, but he manages to dodge and attack back. He does it a third time, a fourth time, a fifth time. Both of them are reaching their limits.
At the sixth attack that John hits, the Great Boar falls to his knees and drops his axe on the ground. The giant man has reached his limit. Both of them are breathing heavily. The people around are silent, amazed, perplexed, just staring. The Great Boar removes his helmet, and looks at John directly in the eyes. That scarred, battered, slightly deformed face. The face of a man who fought countless battles. It smiles at John, it looks happy. How many scars this man must have beneath all that armor. A man born for battle, it's only fitting that he meets his end in battle as well. The Great Boar seems satisfied. John understands this, and decides to not let the man wait. He responds to his smile by lifting his axe high up in the air with both hands, then slashing at the man's shoulder near the neck with all his strength. The axe sinks far enough to almost reach the heart. And thus, the Great Boar meets his death, in battle, with a smile. He might have been the enemy, but he never said a word, he only fought, and John can't help feeling respect for him. He knows, everyone knows, that the story of the Great Boar will live on to be told as a legend.
John takes a deep breath to relax, to enjoy this moment. Then he puts one foot on the Great Boar's shoulders, and pulls his axe out. The man falls on the ground, making a big sound as he lands. John lifts his axe high up in the air and shouts for his victory. 
"THE GREAT BOAR IS DEAD!"
Every ally starts cheering loudly, creating a domino effect, like a wave moving outwards, reaching the whole battlefield. The allies in the extremities are cheering for they don't know what reason, and the enemies are dropping their weapons to surrender, also not knowing the reason. No one presents himself to command the army that is surrendering, and it becomes too late to even try, their weapons are already dropped.
The war is won.

***

The spoils of victory

John is still recovering from his exhaustion. His arms are sore from hitting the Great Boar with his axe. The people are still cheering, and the enemy is being rounded up. There are still as many enemy soldiers alive as there are allies, but it's too late to resume the battle. Marcelo's unit had switched sides when the battle started, and there was another big part of the enemy army that didn't participate, when the moment to fight had started they just stepped back and stood still. It's the soldiers loyal to the Scalet family. When Hokuto remembers this, he takes back control of the body and goes looking for the head of the Scalet family. He finds the man standing in front of his army, just standing still not far from where the battle took place. Hokuto walks up to the man, alongside two companions that followed him.
"You're Reiken, correct?" The man speaks.
"Yes."
"What you proposed to me was very daring. I would not have accepted it had I not despised the Stockoms so. It was a risky move, but I decided to take my chances with you. You're the one that ordered those men to make the proposition, right?"
"Yes, I gave them that order."
"So now you're going to allow me to become lord of Avrig, correct?"
"Yes, you can become its lord, but there are certain conditions."
"I figured there would be some conditions, but despite the conditions, I will need help to maintain control of the city, what do you plan to do with all those soldiers that surrendered? They aren't loyal to me."
"I'll give them the choice to join me."
"That's all? What if they rebel?"
"What matters is that they won't have the Stockoms or the Kubotas as their leaders now. They are still people of Dorohoi, and as such, will be under my leadership eventually."
"You plan to become duke?"
"Of course."
The noble Scalet smirks softly for a moment. "So what are the conditions?"
"The first one is that, obviously, you'll now be my ally, if I have to fight another war, you and your army will join me, and if your city is attacked, I will also come to its aid. Second, to make sure you're going to keep to this, I'm going to relocate some of your soldiers into Destonea, and some of mine into Avrig. Third, I want to establish free trading between the two cities, but we can work the details of that later."
"Those are all the conditions?"
"Yes."
"You're not going to interfere with how I decide to lead the city?"
"I'm hoping that I won't have to. Will depend on what you do."
"Hum, seems reasonable. Alright, we have an agreement."
"Good."
"What are you going to do about the Stockoms and the Kubotas?"
"I imagine Braun Stockom went back to his house to prepare his things and flee with his family. If not, he is wasting his chance. I will take all his money and possessions from him so he can't afford to pay and command other people. If he doesn't cooperate we might just lock him up, and then you can do with him whatever you feel it's best. He'll be your problem. The same goes for the Kubotas. If they are imprisoned, we can release them later after this territory has a new duke."
"So you are heading to Avrig now?"
"Yes, I need to speak with its people. I will get the others ready and we'll be going there soon. First I need to speak with the soldiers that surrendered still being held here."
"Alright, we'll be waiting for you so we can march together back to Avrig."
"Excellent, it will only take a moment." Hokuto turns to walk back, then remembers something. "What is your full name?"
"It's Gutenberg Scalet."
"Right. Nice to meet you."
"You too." Gutenberg smiles.
Hokuto walks back towards his army. The people have stopped their loud cheers, and are just waiting for the command of their leader. The soldiers that surrendered and dropped their weapons during the battle are now gathered together surrounded by Hokuto's soldiers. He goes towards them to talk. There are over two hundred men and women gathered. Hokuto has to shout for everyone to hear, and since he is tired, he tries to keep his speech brief.
"Citizens of Avrig. I am Reiken, Lord of Destonea. I am now also going to take control of Avrig. Gutenberg Scalet will be its new lord. Those of you who want to join me are welcome to do so. You will be paid in equal measure to my other soldiers. I plan to conquer the whole territory and become duke. Under my leadership there will no longer be any oppression of nobles against commoners. Everyone will be treated as equals. The transgressors of the laws will be punished and quickly dealt with in the interest of the people, not just in the interest of their lords. Make your choice, if you want to leave, you can leave now, if you'll join me, then stay." And Hokuto just waits.
Some of Hokuto's soldiers open way for the people that surrendered to pass in case they want to leave. The men and women just look at each other silently or just stare at Hokuto. After a few seconds, he is already satisfied. He acknowledges them as new soldiers in his forces. Even if some of those soldiers wanted to leave, the mass decided to stay, and people don't usually like going against what the mass decides. For better or worse, they stay. But of course, they don't give back their weapons just yet. Hokuto just departs with part of his soldiers towards Avrig, leaving a few captains and most of his force behind in charge of sorting out their new acquisition to their forces.
Hokuto joins with Gutenberg Scalet and heads to Avrig. They arrive at the city at dusk, and they can hear a lot of noise coming from it. Hokuto walks in front to demonstrate that he is the new leader, while two of his captains follow directly behind him, along Gutenberg Scalet, and a portion of both their armies. They walk slowly while the people of Avrig are staring at them from the sides. Meanwhile some of Hokuto's companions are shouting repeatedly that the Stockoms have lost the war, that Reiken from Destonea has won and for people to gather in the city's center for a speech that Reiken will give.
When many people are gathered at Avrig's center, Hokuto starts his speech. He tells the people something similar to what he told the soldiers that surrendered. He introduces himself, says he is taking control of Avrig, and that Gutenberg Scalet will be its new lord and his ally. He tells them about how he wants everyone to be treated with more respect, and that commoners don't need to please the nobles any longer. He requests that the people join him and trust his decisions in his intentions to make the whole territory a better place for everyone to live. The people around cheer with intensity. They are happy at his words and his ideals, and are glad to no longer have the Stockoms controlling the city. Hokuto then says that he will now march towards the Stockom and Kubota's residence to take all their money and possessions.
They march towards the Stockom's mansion first. Hokuto enters the mansion with many warriors following him, and no one on the way offers any resistance. He finds Braun Stockom and the rest of his family still inside, gathered in the hall about to leave with their belongings. There are ten guards with them, that put themselves in front of the nobles to protect them.
"So you didn't leave yet. You had plenty of time. Did you have that many things you wanted to take with you?"
Braun Stockom doesn't give Hokuto any satisfaction, he just grits his teeth while looking at him, and the young Brian Stockom is displaying very disturbed face.
"Drop your weapons, it's senseless to try to protect them now, no one else needs to die."
"Don't listen to him," the young Brian says. "Protect us and we will reward you enough to live well for the rest of your lives."
"Reward them with what? We are about to take all you have from you. Also, you guys have no chance of escaping here. Don't be stupid now, drop your weapons and you can leave."
At this comment, the guards protecting them really understand they have no choice, they drop their weapons and start to leave. Hokuto turns his attention towards Braun, who just sighs at the situation.
"So what are you going to do to us?"
"We'll be taking most of your money, possessions and all that you have control of. I will leave you with just enough to be able to live the unprivileged life of a commoner, having to work for your meals, unless you have friends that will give shelter to your family. If you resist, I will lock you and your family up in a cell."
"You expect us to have the life of a mere commoner?" The young Brian says.
"We accept," but his father answers.
"A wise man. Just one more thing. What did you do to Pam?"
"Oh, that bitch that you delivered to us so you could be released?" Brian says mockingly.
The composed Hokuto loses his temper, he grits his teeth in anger and picks up his spear.
"Please excuse my son's behavior," Braun steps in front of his son and says this looking worried. "Sorry, but the woman was executed."
Hokuto tries to calm down. He looks the other way to not show his face. "I see," after saying this, he starts losing his will. Reiken notices this and takes control of his body. He steps closer to the Stockoms and speaks in a calm tone. "You can do whatever you want now, you can go to another territory and start a new life, or stay in this one and be obedient. If I find that any of you are trying to spread rumors about what happened with Pam, I'll have both your heads for sure, do not forget this" Reiken turns away to leave. "I have another family to visit now. These warriors will keep you company in the meantime, while some other guys will be taking your stuff. Goodbye."
Reiken proceeds to the Kubota's mansion to do the same thing. Different from the Stockoms, the Kubotas weren't there, they left in a hurry, probably with whatever they could carry of big value, but most of their possessions still remain. Reiken doesn't feel concerned with it, thinking that there is nothing to fear, for the moment he can only think of getting some rest. They go to sleep someplace safe in the city, provided by Gutenberg Scalet. Most of his army sleep outside in tents again, and the others stay with him in Avrig.
In the next days, the young warrior has many things to do and arrange, things that neither Reiken, Hokuto, or John like doing, but they get a lot of help from counselors. They arrange for some of his warriors to stay in Avrig in case any problems could arise. They take all the money from the Stockoms and the Kubotas, which will be used to strengthen their forces and commerce. Many died during the war, but it couldn't have gone better than it did. In the end, thanks to the death of the Great Boar, many lives were spared, and the young warrior's forces has also greatly increased. After many days settling everything, he now needs to think of the next steps to take in order to take over the whole territory. There are still many other big cities out there, controlled by powerful nobles.

***

"If people can't look back on themselves, then they can't see ahead either"

When the young warrior returned from his month infiltrated in Avrig, much had changed at Destonea. There was a church built in it with people preaching about the Goddess, and the number of followers of the religion had drastically increased. In this nation of hardships, where suffering is so common, a story of salvation, of the existence of a soul and an after life, of a benevolent higher being watching over everyone, felt like pure liberation. Liberation of doubt, of enviousness, of reasoning. Life turned simpler, it made sense once again.
But even in a world where the existence of a god is certain, there are still those that just by hearing the meaning of the word faith are drawn back with aversion. To believe there is reasoning to the chaos, that all they have endured were just trials to prove their worth, is just absurd. There are no trials or reasoning. All hardships are just mere consequences of people's actions and attitudes. Life isn't fair. We are alive and that's all there is to it. It's up for each person to make the most out of his life. These type of people want to believe that each person's strength and value comes solely from within, and relying on a god is a sign of weakness.
Things are never simple. Life, social interactions, can lead to a lot of confusion. In this confusion, many feelings and reasons get mixed up. We are not always fully aware of why we take certain actions or paths. In Christiana's case, it was the hatred that was bred inside her that kept her alive enduring all difficulties. If it was hatred that was necessary to keep her alive, doesn't it make hatred a good thing? In Anderson's case, he was quick to turn religious in order to find redemption to his old violent ways. Unlike Christiana, Anderson used to get into fights without the necessity. Though they both have a history of violence, they can't understand each other, and felt the need to fight for their beliefs. The difference of beliefs and perspectives is the most common reason that cause people to fight each other. This may make the young warrior the most appropriate and appealing leader the people can have, after all, he is a man with three very different beliefs and perspectives all inside one person.
There is a saying that people are defined by their past. It may not be true, but experiences enrich our knowledge, good or bad. Every journey is a lesson.

* * * * *

Chapter 9

Unfinished business

After the victory in the war against Avrig, the young warrior has been diligently working towards quickly conquering many other worthwhile cities and villages, increasing his forces as he does so. He has travelled to every free city in the east side of Dorohoi making allies, sometimes peacefully, and sometimes with force. The name Reiken is now known far and wide in the Dorohoi territory. Four months passes by, and his exponential growth comes to a halt. There is another name that is also widely known, someone else has been conquering many cities and making allies, in the western  side of the territory. Vicente Granier, head of the Granier noble family, controls a force bigger than Reiken's, being the only leader that can match him now. It will be Reiken's last and greatest opponent. He hasn't met the man yet, but if possible, everyone hopes to settle this competition without a war. Infiltrating one of his cities like he did to the Stockoms obviously won't work this time, at least he can't try it personally anymore. But before he has to face this opponent there are still other allies that can be made, and he also needs to lead the ones he already has. In the meantime, he decides to send half of The Shadows to spy and gather information on this competitor. But there are other people thinking the same thing. A group of one man and three women are talking together inside a house.
"That Reiken kid managed to really make a lot of allies for himself. He may end up ruining everything we have been working for," says one woman.
"If I knew that simple commoner kid would've gotten this far, I would've taken care of him when we were at Destonea," says the man.
"There must be more to this kid. He must be getting help from some other territory as well, just like how we are doing," says another woman.
"You think so?"
"Definitely."
"But his forces still shouldn't be as strong as Vicente's."
"Still, there is no reason to take any chances with him," says the first woman.
"So you suggest we deal with him ourselves?"
"Of course, we should kill him. I bet he is really the one person that is tying all his forces together. If he dies, their whole alliance should crumble with him. What do you think, sister?" The first woman turns to the third woman, who was just listening to the conversation while watching outside the window.
"I fully agree. Reiken needs to be dealt with," the woman says it with her back turned to them.
"Alright... so how do you gals propose we deal with him?"
"Let's go for the most simple method, poisoning," says the first woman.
"We need to find him first."
"That shouldn't be any hard. We'll just ask around in the cities he controls until someone points us in the right direction."
"The sooner we do this, the better," says the woman by the window. "I'll send someone to pass a message to Vicente so he knows what we are up to, then we can start making preparations for it."
"How many do you plan on taking with us?" Says the man.
"Just the four of us will be enough. We'll take care of this by ourselves and be done with it as fast as we can."
"Well, at least we should have some fun. You agreed to this so quickly too, Melia, you must be bored as well."
"I'm not bored, I just prefer dealing with things before they become bigger problems."
The Howlers, as they were named upon their creation, is a group of assassins, spies and secret messengers that were created by the Royans of Horegu over seventy years in the past. Like the Shadows, they exist as secretive agents serving only their leader doing things that aren't meant to be discovered. The woman by the window is called Melia, she is the one in charge of the part of the group that came to Dorohoi with the objective of helping someone to become duke, forcing that person to later become an ally to Roberto Royan. The woman that suggested they should kill Reiken is called Alia, Melia's younger sister. The man and the other woman are called Ronald and Priscilla.
Decided on what to do, they each go back to doing what they please until it is time to sleep. On the next day Melia sends a message to Vicente Granier stating their plan, and then departs along her three trusted companions to search for their target, Reiken. They spend some time visiting towns they know are allied to him, asking if anyone knows about his current whereabouts, until they are told that he has returned to Destonea, the city of his origins. That's where they head to next.
They travel for a few days until they arrive at Destonea. Everyone feels surprised at how much this city has changed. It is not the first time they come here, this city was one of the places where they tried to help someone obtain more power, to work on their plan of creating allies to Roberto Royan. But their plan was ruined by a young commoner man that captivated the people with his speeches and actions, managing to become lord of Destonea in place of the noble that they tried to help. They didn't bother with this failure at that time, there were many others they could seek to accomplish their mission, and this city wasn't that valuable anyway. They appear to promising leaders as allies wanting to help, looking for people with weaknesses that they can exploit, creating a debt for their services and forcing them to become allies. They never imagined that that commoner would acquire so much power, if they did they would've done something about him a long time ago.
As they walk around the city, they notice that there are a good amount of guards spread around. It would seem that, for once, the city's lord is really taking the protection of its people seriously. It would be really hard to kill Reiken directly and escape this place, it is fundamental that they are not discovered, no one can trace them back to Roberto Royan. If a duke can present proof that a territory is allied with another, both dukes could be accused of being inadequate, and be forcibly replaced. In truth, this would not be the first territory that Roberto Royan has a secret alliance with, and other territories may certainly be trying to do the same this very moment, but no duke has found out anything about one another yet, at least not without proof. Either way, they had already decided on which method they would use to kill Reiken, by poisoning him. It is the most inconspicuous method, they can kill him indirectly and be gone before they can be found.
They look for a place to stay, pretending they want to permanently live in Destonea, under false names. It takes some time to find a place, this city used to be quite unpopulated a few months ago when they last were here, but now, it is brimming with people from many different places. They separately start observing their target. Reiken doesn't stay in this city all the time, he often leaves with many soldiers, but they can't follow after him so they just wait and observe patiently. It takes a few weeks until they can confirm that there is a bar that he goes at least once a week to eat, sometimes more often. It's the most popular bar in the city. They start to work out details of their plan together. The only way that they can poison a food that Reiken is guaranteed to eat without error, is if they deliver the food themselves. Someone would have to work at this bar, and poison a meal that is to be delivered to him. Alia will act as a woman looking for work to become a waitress, and work there until they get the opportunity to kill him. Alia is especially talented in acting and deceiving, being the most appropriate one to do it. But if she just enters there looking for a job and is refused for not being needed, then the plan can't proceed, so just to make sure, they make a plan to eliminate one of the waitresses already working there. The humane thing to do would be to just enter the bar and ask for a job first, but supposed that she is refused, it could be too suspicious that one of the waitresses goes missing shortly after a woman appeared wanting a job, so just to make sure, they decide to make one of the waitresses go missing before Alia even asks for the job. The important thing is to minimize the possibility of suspicion before Reiken goes there.
There are two waitresses that work in the bar. They gather information on both of them for one day to decide on whom to target. One of them is older and has her own family, the other is young and lives with only one man that is assumed to be her father. The choice of whom to target is obvious, they start making plans on what to do with the young waitress. Even in this well guarded city, killing her would be easy, they were trained in making assassinations for years and they have a dozen different methods on how to do it, but she can't be just found dead, she needs to be perceived as missing, preferably assumed to have left by herself. They create a simple plan. 
During one night, Ronald and Priscilla intercept the young waitress on her way home, capturing her at a specific dark spot of her path, rendering her unconscious before she could react. Then they take the key to her house from her and give it to Alia. Alia goes to the house, pack many of the girl's things into a basket that she finds there, changes the clothes she is wearing into something that the girl owns, then leaves carrying the girl's belongings in the basket, walking with her head down concealed with a hood, making sure some people notice her but without looking at or talking to anyone. Meanwhile, Melia  is keeping watch on her father, making sure he doesn't return home before a specific time, stalling him if necessary. Priscilla and Ronald take the waitress girl to the house that they are staying, trying to not be seen, or taking great care to not be seen suspiciously. Alia leaves the city, always keeping her head down and trying not to talk to anyone, and after she is far from anyone's sight, she changes her clothes back, buries the basket with everything inside and the girl's clothes, and returns. By the time the waitress girl wakes up, she is tied to a chair, gagged and blindfolded, and all four of them are at her side, already done with their tasks.
"Hello, girl. Before you start twitching in panic trying to make noise, understand your situation. You're not alive because we want something from you, the only reason that you're still alive is that disposing of a dead body takes some work, work that we prefer to avoid, and if we kept you dead here in this house, it would start to smell. But if you try anything, anything at all, we will kill you without any hesitation," Melia speaks to the girl.
"We don't know how long we will need you to stay there, I know it's painful but if you be a good girl and stay there without giving us any trouble, then we can release you after we are done with our business, we are not really bad people, after all," Ronald says.
"If you are smart, you should understand that your best chance of survival is being obedient, nod if you agree," says Priscilla.
The girl is breathing hard and sweating, and she must not be thinking very well, but after a few seconds, she acknowledges her situation and nods. Satisfied with how everything is going so far, they proceed to the next stage of their plan to kill Reiken, but in this stage everything will be up to Alia, who will be posing as a normal woman wanting a job. Alia doesn't go and ask for the job the next day, she waits a few until everyone believes the old waitress is missing, probably left by herself and isn't coming back, and until the owner of the bar announces that he needs a new waitress to work there. Then Alia shows up saying she is interested in the job. She makes a perfect act, she introduces herself and acts as a polite and caring girl, saying she needs the job to help her family. The owner of the bar likes her and she is instantly hired, they had already researched beforehand what type of person the man likes. She doesn't make herself seem too perfect, she creates certain flaws as well. She intentionally acts clumsy and dumb sometimes, laughing at herself saying she is stupid, but repaying her boss with hard work. Her hard-working and kind, but also silly and clumsy act, makes people want to care for her, they quickly become close to this silly waitress. In the coming days the bar even gets busier than normal because of her. She works there always carrying a vial with poison in her clothes, waiting until Reiken will come again for a meal. Ronald is visiting the bar sometimes, acting as a costumer, with the purpose of checking the people there and protecting her from potential problems.
After a week, the day comes. Reiken enters the bar to eat like he usually does, followed by many of his companions. They sit by a table and the owner of the bar personally goes to receive them and take their orders. Alia goes there at the same time saying to the owner that she wants to serve them. She only has to spill the contents of her vial into whatever he orders and get out of there with any excuse she can make, before Reiken falls to the floor after being poisoned. Ronald is also there as a customer at the moment Reiken entered, he just acts normal and stays there to check if everything will work out without problems. Alia acts in her usual cheerful but clumsy way, Reiken smiles at her with kindness, and orders his food in a way that Alia considered to be very elegant. She takes the orders from everyone in the table with him and goes deliver the orders to the cook. 'Ha', she laughs in the inside, 'he seems so kind, so respectful of others, so foolish'. As she delivers the orders to the cook, she stops for a moment absent-minded.
"Hey, what's with the big smile?" The cook in front of her asks.
"Eh? What?" She suddenly returns to reality, she had not realised how her face looked like.
"I've never seen you smile like that. I was wondering what was up."
"Oh, it's nothing. Sorry. Was just thinking of something."
"He he. Weird." The cook says this like he is already used to her oddness, but he found it especially strange since that smile wasn't one that he ever saw on her before, he thought it didn't fit her personality. Still, he doesn't think much of it.
It's a busy night, so she can't be standing around waiting. Before she resumes working she estimates how long it will take to get Reiken's orders ready so she can make sure to be ready to deliver the food herself. After twenty five minutes, the food Reiken ordered is ready, and she is there to get it. Before she does so, she takes a quick glance to her side, the whole bar is busy and people are merrily talking to each other. She picks up the vial concealed under her clothes, and pours its liquid in Reiken's plate. She does it in mere three seconds with such grace that if someone is watching her from behind, it will barely seem like she moved. The liquid made his food look a little yellowish, so she very quickly stirs it up with her finger and wipes it under her clothes. She heads to Reiken's table with her perfect acting intact and cheerfully delivers the plates to everyone. As she turns her back to them to leave, an unknown man that was behind her quickly grabs her arm forcefully. He turns to Reiken and twists her arm forcing her to face him as well. Everyone is startled by his actions and looks at him with troubled expressions. The man doesn't mind and speaks to Reiken.
"Hokuto, don't eat that. Check if there is something strange with your food," the man speaks in a very serious manner.
Everyone is confused on why the man suddenly grabbed the waitress and called Reiken by the name of Hokuto. Reiken frowns his head confused for a couple of seconds, but quickly grasps the situation and starts checking his meal looking for anything strange. It's pasta with some chicken pieces, and he notices that there is some spots of a strong yellow color that shouldn't be there, and when he smells it from up close it has a faint odor that he doesn't recognize. Just the look on Reiken's face is enough for Alia and the man that grabbed her to know that he realised something is wrong. She reacts instantly, stomping in the man's foot with great force, striking his armpit with her fingers, then quickly following with a blow of the side of her hand to the man's throat. Free from his grasp, she dashes out of the bar with great speed. Reiken's eyes turn blue and Hokuto quickly gets up from his chair and shouts an order to stop her. A man that was by the door puts himself in her path and tries to pick up his sheathed sword, but she is so amazingly fast that she stabs the man in the neck with a dagger that she picks up from her back before the man can react. She makes it out of the bar, but many warriors, including Hokuto, follow behind her running.
She is a very fast runner, and she keeps running turning corner after corner. More people start to join in the run after her, but most of them can't keep up and start to slow down, only four people manage to keep up with her speed, one of them being Hokuto, and she is unable to lose them when she turns the corners. After almost five minutes of sprint running, she can't take it anymore and decides to give up, she stops and turns towards her pursuers, who also stop as they see her doing so. Everyone is breathing heavily with their hands on their knees, trying to catch their breaths. The four of them slowly start walking in her direction, all that Alia has is a dagger, and her opponents have weapons of much larger range. Realising it's hopeless, there is only one thing for her to do. She picks up another small vial hidden in her clothes and drinks it without hesitation before they get too close. She drops her dagger and falls to her knees, waiting for the poison to take effect. Before long she starts trembling and sweating, and she drops to the ground. Her trembling turns into a convulsion, she feels very sick in her stomach. Then, she simply shuts down, and stops moving. The whole thing is very disturbing, but not painful. Hokuto and the other three with him just stand there watching her, knowing it's too late to do anything about it.
In the house that the four members of the Howlers have been staying during the past weeks, Ronald returns. Sweat can be seen in his forehead. Seeing his expression, Melia, who was just standing there waiting, asks about what happened.
"Alia got captured."
"How?" The moment she asks, she seems more amazed than worried.
"I'm not sure, she was doing a perfect job, but there was a man there that just somehow knew something was wrong and warned Reiken. But he wasn't sure, he told Reiken to check his food before he ate. Something was very strange though, the man called him Hokuto."
Melia understands that by captured, it means Alia is dead. She thinks about the information that was given and before long, she realises what it must mean. Even though this man wasn't sure, he suspected the assassination attempt, that means that if Alia's act was perfect, then the suspicion must have been created by something as simple as the waitress being new. Also, he accurately suspected it would be done by poisoning, that means he is knowledgeable of the method. This must mean that there are trained assassins and spies working for Reiken, that are also protecting him from being assassinated. Only after grasping this that she allows her contained anger take over her. She clenches her fists and grits her teeth so hard that the people around her can actually hear a sound from it. Her younger sister was caught, a sister that she cherished, though she never really showed her those feelings. After ten seconds, she releases her tension with a big breath.
"Fine," she says in an eerily calm manner. "So be it, we can play this game. We'll see who are the better assassins. I'll kill Reiken even if it is the last thing I do in my life. This battle has just become personal."

***

The first match

Hokuto is just watching the dead woman on the ground. Her eyes are open wide and there is drool in her mouth. It makes him think of a dead fish. He stands there unsure of what to feel towards the sight, if pity for her or satisfaction, but he doesn't have time for feelings right now. He turns to the men by his side, who followed him through this long run, and orders them to separate and quickly close down all exits of the city, to forbid any people from leaving it. The men acknowledge his order and each depart to a different direction to do as they were told. Shortly after that, more of his companions start to show up, all out of breath. 
Hokuto returns to the bar to look for the man that told him not to eat the food, to ask him a few questions. Entering the bar, he finds the man that saved him sitting in a chair like he has been waiting. Hokuto asks for his companions to stay outside and then goes to sit next to man. He goes straight to the point without any thanks. If the man is who he think he is, he doesn't need to ask about his identity.
"How did you know my food was poisoned?"
"I didn't know, I had a hunch."
"A hunch?" Hokuto frowns.
"Ever since I heard about the disappearance of a waitress here, and about this new one showing up, we got suspicious of her."
"Why?"
"We get suspicious about a lot of things, anything that may recall a method of assassination that could be used. Then today, everything she was doing was too suspicious, I decided to prevent you from eating the food."
"I'm glad you did. Are you guys always looking out for me like this?"
"Of course. Didn't you know? When we are around, we are always keeping watch so things like these doesn't happen. We don't have much else to do if we are not in any particular mission, anyway."
"Do you know where she lived?"
"We tried following her to find out where she is staying, but we always lost her along the way. Although, I have a pretty good idea of where it might be."
"Tell me where."
"I'll show you where."
The man leads Hokuto towards the area where he believes they might find friends of the assassin woman that died. Hokuto takes another twenty soldiers with him. The area of the city that they search is very populated and chaotic. It's a poorly structured place with many houses built against each other. The small streets can become a maze if you're not sure of where you're heading, that's why that woman was able to lose her pursuers. It's the perfect place for staying without getting attention. Hokuto recalls this place from the long battle that he fought in this city nearly an year ago, when he was fighting bandits that had taken over it, he lost some pursuers entering one of these houses.
Hokuto divides the soldiers with him into smaller groups to search each house for any suspicious people. They do the search as fast as they can. After thirty minutes, they find the house where the assassins must have stayed. They found a woman inside tied to a chair with her throat slit. Hokuto is quickly able to tell that the woman was the previous waitress to the bar he usually goes to. On a quick inspection of the woman, he can also tell that she was killed recently. The assassins must have been notified that the poisoning failed and they quickly abandoned this house, which means the person that notified them had to be at the bar as well, watching the whole thing. Hokuto tries to force himself to remember any suspicious person that was in the bar with them, but no face comes to mind. At least they can confirm that there are others, and this is where they have been staying. They must have left in less than thirty minutes ago, it might be possible that they can find some clues regarding them. Hokuto and the other guards start searching and asking the people around for what they have seen in the past hour. They get some information on suspicion people and keep following the leads they get. More guards are joining their search. They find more leads of where these assassins could have gone, but it seems like they are always a step behind.
Hokuto and all the guards search for hours, and Hokuto starts believing that he is just walking around in circles. In fact, it's possible that he already found the assassins, but didn't know it was them. There are many unknown people in the city, people that are always travelling, living of trade. The city has been closed down, and all guards reported that they saw no one leaving, so they still have to be inside Destonea. If the assassins had left, it would've been very easy to spot them on the plains and to follow them. They spent the whole day searching, but no one has any conclusive information on who these assassins could be, so Hokuto decides to give up the search for now. It's obvious these assassins must be excellent at what they do, at least just as good as the Shadows are. Hokuto decides he'll just have to learn how to be more careful and take care of himself, but he'll be very reliant on the Shadows to keep protecting him. At the moment, half of the Shadows are in spying missions, gathering information on Vicente Granier, and the other half have been staying in Destonea. Now he will need them to keep their full attention on protecting him. He decides to talk to William, in order to get some tips on what to expect and what to be careful about, but he is only able to talk to him in the next day.
Reiken in particular is the most worried that there are assassins inside Destonea trying to kill him, but Hokuto's faith doesn't falter, he comforts Reiken saying they will be able to protect themselves. Reiken and John both want to make plans on how to find these assassins, but Hokuto disagrees, not because he is not worried about them or because he truly believes these assassins are no threat, but he really believes they are not their priority right now. During these past four months they have made many allies on Dorohoi, but many of those didn't make an alliance in good terms. They are not ready to fight against Vicente if they have to, they still have to learn how to manage their forces, Hokuto never had to lead so many people before. He thinks of himself as a warrior first, but right now, the people need him to be a leader. They have to live to the people's expectations and be someone that everyone can trust and believe in. Meanwhile, he will let assassins deal with assassins, the Shadows at Destonea will do everything they can to find the people that tried to kill him.
***

Twisting minds

Over a month is past since the assassination attempt on Reiken. The tension between both sides of Dorohoi increases on each passing day. At first, after the Liberation Army left the territory, every city and village was independent. The territory could have plunged into chaos, with all the people fighting for themselves, and having no help from others, but all the churches built around the territory helped to prevent many potential conflicts. Now, almost all the cities and villages of Dorohoi are under the leadership of either Reiken, or Vicente. Since both sides are quite evenly matched, they don't want to decide who will be duke through war, Dorohoi has fought a great war only months ago, if it fights another one of this scale, it won't be able to easily recover from it, it would end up becoming a territory with very little power, and neither of them would gain much from this. But while they are both trying to find a way to settle their dispute, they are also having problems of their own in their sides of the territory.
Melia, Ronald and Priscilla left Destonea as soon as they were able to after the failed assassination attempt, and decided to come up with another plan. They spent some time gathering more information about Reiken and the name Hokuto, but no one really knows much about them, other than what everyone already knows. They found no real link to both names. Melia found out that Reiken fought alongside the invading army of Slatina, and maybe Hokuto was the named he used at that time, but they can't figure out why or even how he came up to join them. Maybe, she thinks, he must have been recruited at some point during the invasion for the very purpose of later becoming duke of Dorohoi with their help, thus forging a secret alliance, very similar to what the Howlers have been trying to do. In fact, she thinks it must be the exact same thing, and with the same method. Reiken is just a young commoner, they must have seen potential in him for some reason, and be exploiting some weakness to force him into the alliance, maybe this weakness is just ambition. Anyway, it's obvious that he is getting help from Slatina, but this would be too hard to prove, so there is no point in dwelling on this, she needs only to come up with a way of killing Reiken, and their mission will be accomplished.
Melia decides to do what she does best, manipulating people. Melia is a brilliant schemer and great at understanding people's minds. She likes to play with people's motivations. When she found out with the help of her group that there were a few cities conquered by Reiken whose lords were being quite rebellious, she quickly decided what her next move would be. She will use these rebel lords to lure Reiken into a trap. She chooses one in particular that she feels has the greatest potential of helping her achieve her goal. She sends a letter to Lord Mauro of Bagur, to set up a meeting. She writes in the message that she can and is willing to help Lord Mauro into getting what he wants, specifying in it a place and a time where they can meet to talk without being seen or disturbed. Lord Mauro doesn't want to pass the opportunity of getting help, even though it's from a mysterious source. He goes to the meeting place accompanied with six guards, inside a building that Melia set up for this. It doesn't bother her that he brought guards as she was already expecting it, but just in case the worst happens, she has members of the Howlers standing in hiding nearby, ready to easily take them all out.
"Hello", Melia greets Lord Mauro as he enters the building. He slowly approaches her without saying anything. "Take a seat," she shows seriousness in her voice. Melia is using a hood to hide her face, it is best that he doesn't know who she is.
"Who are you?" Lord Mauro asks her and sits at a chair facing her, two meters away. His guards stand right next to him.
"The matter of our conversation is going to be pretty confidential, can your friends be trusted into hearing it?"
"Yes, they can be trusted."
"Very well then. Let me present myself. I am an ally to Lord Vicente Granier, I'm here to make you a proposition. I want you to join us."
"Join Lord Granier? How do you propose I would do that? I'm in Reiken's territory, how can Lord Granier help me here? Reiken may have let me be lord of Bagur, but if I turn against him, I'll be easily replaced."
"Reiken doesn't need to know about our alliance. I just want your help, into luring Reiken here to your city, luring him into a trap. If Reiken dies, the whole alliance that he set up should crumble. The people won't follow another leader, Lord Vicente will easily be able to conquer the rest of Dorohoi without resistance, we'll be preventing a war and putting this territory in the hands of the right man. You don't really want a young commoner to become duke, right? Did you know people call him the commoner's leader? What do you think will happen to Dorohoi if he controls it? Do you think you'll have the same power and respect that you once had? We need to put commoners in their place."
"Yes, I fully agree with that. It's ridiculous to consider that kid could run this territory, he is going to ruin all the noble's influence over the people."
"That's right. We need to do something about it, and I have a plan. You'll have to run some risks, but nothing so great that could cost your life. Though of course, if we succeed you will be greatly rewarded, I guarantee it."
"This whole thing is sounding great, but I'm not sure if I should trust a woman that doesn't reveal her face or her name."
"It's best that you don't know who I am. I can perform my job better that way. I can't reveal my identity or that of my companions, but we can show you some proof of our capabilities, to show you how legitimate we are."
"Alright, so show me such proof."
Melia just stares at Lord Mauro, waiting for it to happen. She doesn't need to give any signs since this was already predicted from the start. About five people covered in black clothing drop from the ceiling at the same time around Lord Mauro and his guards, acting with extremely quick and precise movements. In four seconds they knock three guards unconscious, and force the other three to drop their weapons. Lord Mauro quickly gets up from his chair startled by the sudden event, not knowing what to think. Melia gets his attention by quickly speaking to him after everything is finished.
"So you see, we have certain methods to deal with Reiken. If we can lure him into a place that we have set up beforehand, we can easily kill him. I just need you to be bait."
After Melia says that, her companions let go of the guards and leave, disappearing once again in the shadows. The men breathe in relief and turn to help their friends that got knocked out. Lord Mauro recovers his composure and turns back serious to the mysterious woman.
"Will you at least share your plan with me, exactly?"
"Of course."
"Alright, then I'll help with what I can."
"Excellent. But we can't do this by ourselves either. We need to convince a couple of other cities into helping us."
"I believe I can arrange this help."
"After it is, I'll work on the details of the plan with you. I'll send you another message for a meeting when it's time."
"This plan better work."
"But don't do anything just yet, Reiken already sees you as a problem and the people of your city don't seem to like you. Don't do anything that might make anyone do something against you before the right time."
"So you want me to play nice in the meantime."
"You could say so. When everything is ready, we'll make our move. Until we meet again."
Melia gets up from her chair and walks away through a different door, leaving Lord Mauro and all his guards there.

***

Three paths to choose

After some time trying to lead the eastern half of the Dorohoi territory as best as he could, Reiken encounters a problem with three noble lords to cities in his control. Without going into details, these nobles are simply exploiting its people to serve their own selfish needs, something that used to be very common when Romero was duke of Dorohoi, but is not tolerated in Reiken's rule. Reiken set up a meeting with some of his counselors and captains to discuss about how to deal with this situation.
"Our last messenger has recently returned from Bagur. He reported that Lord Mauro has no plans to obey my demands, in fact, our messenger was kicked out of Bagur along with the other guards, being told that If I want Mauro to serve me obediently, I should go there to work on some especial terms that he thinks he and the others deserve."
"We shouldn't have let nobles to continue being the lords of their cities," Anderson is the first to say something. "Every noble in Dorohoi is rotten to its core. They don't treat the common folk with any respect. He probably just wants more power than he already has."
"How do you propose we solve this problem?" Reiken asks.
"Well we could either forcibly replace them or try to reason with them," Marcelo suggests. "Which do you prefer?"
"We can't use force every time we want to solve a problem, or the people might start seeing us as tyrants," Christiana says her opinion.
"Reiken won't be seen as a tyrant in this case. Either way, it's ok to be seen as a tyrant. Duke Seigan Larx may be seen as a cruel tyrant sometimes, but the people respect him. Even though it may be through fear, Salonta has turned into a peaceful territory. He enforced a strict rule to severely punish anyone that would break a law. He eliminated and replaced every city lord that would not follow his directives, by refusing to enforce strict punishments to the criminals, or by not serving its leader and the people like they should."
"You said people respect him, but that's not respect. What you're talking about is obedience, not respect. Either way, just because a method works, it doesn't make it the right one. Being a leader that has achieved true respect from its people is the most ideal course."
"Ideal, yes, but delusional. Those that respect Duke Larx know that he is only cruel in order to protect the people. Acting with only righteousness won't get results. You can't always try to reason with the people expecting them to understand and obey. You're right that respect should be earned, but sometimes it needs to be demanded. The problem is that, sometimes, these sometimes end up being most times."
"Sometimes what?"
"You know what I meant."
"Yeah, whatever."
"We have another way of earning respect without just trying to reason with them," Anderson re-enters the conversation. "We can teach them about the Goddess and her ways. Eventually they'll understand their position and become more helpful and easier to reason with."
"I'd rather go with Marcelo's method before submitting myself to yours."
"Oh Christiana, you're just hopeless. whether you like it or not, eventually the teachings of the Goddess will reach out to everyone. The Goddess sees everyone as equals, she teaches us to treat everyone with some respect. We were also taught that people that live by these virtues are rewarded after their deaths, those that lead their lives doing wrongs, are punished. So you see, if they know that, they'll naturally change the way they do things. Besides, I'm not trying to force the religion into anyone anymore, just like Lord Reiken demanded. I'm just saying we can teach these nobles about it, and it may improve their attitude into something more... compliant."
"You like to pick on my nerves, don't you? I still don't agree with you, but I'll follow whatever Lord Reiken decides, the important thing is to solve this situation and I trust Lord Reiken's judgement."
"I don't understand much about this religion thing, but I don't like it." Marcelo tells them his opinion. "I gave my suggestion but I'll also follow whatever Lord Reiken decides."
"Of course, as will I," Anderson states the same.
They all stare at Reiken, waiting for his decision. He tries hard to consider all the options by himself now, but he can't make up his mind just yet.
"I need more time to think about all this. I'll think hard about all your suggestions and let you know when I come to a decision."
They all accept his wish, each in their own manner. Reiken gets up and leaves the room. Later that night, when he's alone, he starts a conversation with Hokuto and John.
"What do you think I should do?"
"I bet you're leaning towards Christiana's method. I believe it would be ideal as well. But even more so, I believe the true salvation of this nation will come through the teachings of the Goddess. The best solution is to change the very way people think. It is also the true mission that I have been set out to do."
"And I'll never put my faith on some goddess. I agree with Marcelo that all we have to do is to just throw out all the bad apples of our tree, so to speak, until we have a nation that follows and enforces all its laws without fail or questioning."
"That is just stupid, John. You think everyone can be controlled like that indefinitely? Even if we could, I don't see how a nation could grow much from there on."
"I'm not sure of what to do. After listening to all the arguments presented in the meeting and thinking by myself, I still think that all three methods have its own flaws. There isn't any that is perfect," Reiken says still indecisive.
"Certainly there is no perfect method. Still, we need to choose one to solve our problem," John says.
"Or... maybe we could just try all three," Hokuto says after thinking for a moment.
"What do you mean?" Reiken asks.
"There are exactly three cities that are being a problem to us. We'll split our forces in three, let Christiana, Anderson and Marcelo, each lead one unit and solve the problem using their own method."
"Hum... I'm ok with letting Anderson and Christiana acting on their own, but I'm worried about what Marcelo would do."
"We'll go with him then," John suggests, also agreeing with the idea. "We'll go with him and take care of Mauro, who seems to be the main problem, he requested our presence anyway. At the same time we'll be making him an example to the other two, which should facilitate Anderson's and Christiana's job of reasoning with them without the need for violence."
"Alright, that sounds reasonable enough. Do you agree, Reiken?"
"I suppose we could do that. If you two are actually really agreeing with each other, there's no way I can complain."
"It's settled then. We'll state our decision to the others tomorrow. Now let us have a good night's rest," Hokuto says.
The next day, Reiken tells his intentions to all his companions and counselors. They all accept his suggestion and start making preparations for it. But later that same day, Reiken notices that William has been wanting to contact him. He goes to the usual meeting place by himself and finds William waiting for him, Hokuto does the talking as usual, since they are more friendly with one another.
"Hello William, what news do you bring?"
"Hokuto, hello," William bows. "I have bad news. The member of the Shadows that was investigating Lord Mauro is late on his report. He could be missing, or he could be dead, and if that is the case, it can only be because of those other assassins that are after you. It's possible you could be walking into a trap. You should give us more time so we could look into it before you go to Bagur."
"A trap? I see... this changes things. Please look into it for me, I'll go and delay the others to wait until we are ready to move out."
"Alright, I'll call the Shadows that are available to investigate Bagur better and I'll contact you later reporting what they find out."
"Alright, thank you."
William turns to leave, but after a couple of steps, John stops him.
"Wait," John says, his eyes now red. "I have a better idea."
"Yes?" William turns back and notices the change in Hokuto's eyes. "You're... the third one, right? What do you want?"
"We'll go anyway, but we won't just walk into their trap. We'll take this as an opportunity to make a trap of our own. We'll lure them into showing themselves to us."
"Does Hokuto approves of this?"
"It's not a bad idea, we could solve two problems at the same time." Hokuto speaks in John's mind.
"He approved."
"How do I tell?"
John sighs, then his eyes turn blue.
"I think it's an interesting idea, William, we could settle both problems at the same time."
"Why did I assume you wouldn't like it, anyway. Taking risks is typical Hokuto behavior."
"We still need to come up with a plan on how to do it, so I'll need you and the others to go ahead in front to give me a layout of the city."
"Understood."
"Gather the Shadows that you can and go ahead of us before I depart. I want to go to Bagur in one week. Be waiting for me with what information you can gather for when I get there."
"One week? That doesn't give us much time, why only one week?"
"I'm going to send a messenger already saying that I accept having a meeting with Lord Mauro in Bagur, and that I'll be there in a week. That way, they won't back off, and we might really catch the assassins there. We just need to be really careful and prepared, it will be all up to our competence."
"Ok, I'll gather who I can and depart immediately."
"Good luck, William."
"Thank you, sir."
After William leaves, Reiken talks to Hokuto.
"Are you sure of this? You really think it could work?"
"It can work, but I'm not sure. I think it's a good chance to discover who were the assassins that tried to kill you, supposed they are really involved in this thing with Lord Mauro. If they are still around, we have to take care of them, and considering how good they seem to be, I don't think there is any way of ever catching them without running some risks."
"Shouldn't we warn the others?"
"Hum... I think we should at least warn them to be careful and watch themselves, to be prepared for anything. But let's not mention it is specifically because they might be targeted by well trained assassins."
"I don't like this."
"It's necessary, Reiken."
"... Ok, I trust you."
"I'm getting a little worried here, me and Hokuto agreed to the same thing once again," John says with sarcasm. The three of them laugh together.

***

A slight change of plans, though

Six days later Reiken sets off for Bagur, the trip is one day and a half long, and he wants to arrive there at the seventh day, the day set for the meeting. Marcelo and another thirty warriors goes with him, Christiana and Anderson also depart with their own group of warriors towards different destinations. They all travel riding on horses. Bagur is a little farther from Destonea than Avrig is. They stop to rest in two villages along the way, spending the night on the second one. During the journey, Reiken has many friendly conversations with Marcelo and some of the men and women with them. Before they go to sleep at night, Reiken calls Marcelo to have a conversation.
"Yes, Lord Reiken?" Marcelo enters the room which Reiken has been waiting.
"Hello Marcelo. I wish to discuss something with you."
"What is it?"
"You need to know that though I decided to go to Bagur, I'll be there only to support you. I want to see your method of handling this situation."
"My method? You mean letting me do all the talking in your behalf?"
"That's right."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes."
"When you told us that you wanted each of us to handle each noble on our own way, I thought the reason you said you would come with me was because you didn't trust my method. That and because you were requested to have a meeting with Lord Mauro, but mostly because you didn't trust me."
"I trust all of you. At least, I want to."
"But then again, Lord Reiken, I know you are doing this to test all of us and our methods, but eventually you'll need to decide on which path to take, you need to decide how you want to be viewed by the people, or you'll just create confusion, and people won't know what to think of you, you're going to lose their respect."
"Do you not believe I could adapt my methods to each situation as needed?"
"Hum, I don't know, I didn't really think of it like that. But that's rather strange, I have never seen anyone like that, I wouldn't know what to think of you."
"What do you mean?"
"But don't worry, it doesn't matter what I think. I owe my life to you for having it spared. I will follow whichever decision you make."
"That's good to hear."
"I know you can be a harsh person when needed. I'll show you that sometimes, that's what you need to be if you want results. But I'm also curious of what result Christiana and Anderson will bring."
"So, what is your plan for Lord Mauro?"
"Well, if you're letting me represent you, I don't intend to cut any deals with him. I'll put him back in his place by force if needed. If he still refuses, well, then he'll just have to be replaced. If you know what I mean."
"I understand. I personally wish I could use a better way, but I don't fully disagree with you either."
"It's like I said the other day, always hoping for the ideal won't bring the results that you expect."
"Yeah, I understand that."
In the next day, they depart early to continue their journey, they should arrive at their destination in the afternoon. But Reiken doesn't have the intention to just enter the city as soon as they get there, he has to meet William before that. When they are about three miles away from their destination, Reiken orders everyone to stop and wait for him, telling them that he needs to go meet a messenger first. He tells them to wait as long as it takes and not too worry about him. He proceeds alone a little further ahead, not too far away, in a place that he and William had already set up to meet beforehand. Since William already expected Reiken to show up in exactly seven days, he has been waiting in this place since morning.
"Lord Reiken," William shows up coming down from a tree.
"It's Hokuto. William, do you have any news on the missing member of the Shadows?"
"No, we found nothing about him. He definitely must have been caught and killed, we don't know how."
"So, the assassins are in Bagur?"
"We believe so, very likely. Something is strange there, Lord Mauro has his manor well guarded and since we arrived he still hasn't come out of it, yet there are some unknown people that look like commoners going in and out sometimes, probably acting as messengers."
"You didn't try to stop one of them to find out?"
"We can't act in the open too carelessly, Hokuto. If there are people like us in the city working with Lord Mauro, they'll be certain to be watching everything from a distance as well, always blended in with the people. We can't risk being found before we find them first."
"So, what do we do then? What's the situation looking like in the city?"
"In appearances, there doesn't seem to be too many guards working for Lord Mauro. The problem is really those that are blending themselves between the common folk, like we do. We can't tell how many will be there. I advise you to call off this meeting with him."
Hokuto spends two minutes thinking for himself on what to do. Reiken tells him they should not go there, John says he doesn't care what they decide.
"William, if we were to fight enemies that are just like the Shadows, how would they fight us? How do they usually fight their enemies?"
"Always trying to hit the targets from a position that they are not expecting. Since we are always hiding between the common folk, we don't carry big weapons with us, we fight with concealed daggers and other small weapons. If we can't get the target by surprise, we surround him and wear him off waiting for an opportunity to quickly dispatch him. Well, I say we but I'm not much of a fighter myself, I train with them sometimes, but I excel on social interactions."
"So, if they can't get us from an advantageous position, they should just try to fight us like normal warriors. Either that, or give up."
"No, not like normal warriors. They would resort to whatever method gives them an advantage. If you're waiting for them inside a small or spacious building, they would burn it down. If they don't think they can win in a straight fight, they'll throw whatever they have at you from a distance. The best you could do would be to surround and attack them first, but even that can be risky if they are already prepared for it."
"Do you have any suggestions then?"
"How many warriors did you bring?"
"Thirty."
"That's a little too few, this could be dangerous. Honestly I would like to suggest you just turn back and come back with a bigger force later."
"You don't have any plan?"
"We do have a plan. Since we already expected to not be able to find much about our enemy assassins, some of us spent a lot of time into coming up with a plan. We also found an ideal place to take in the fight. But don't assume it is without risks."
"What is it, then?"
"The plan is mostly simple, it just has certain details to it..."
Hokuto is told of the plan, it really is mostly simple. They'll have the meeting outdoors in open space without nearby houses, the city's park. Hokuto and most of the warriors with him will stay in the meeting place, which will be near the middle, and the rest will make smaller groups to stay hidden in the surrounding area. The Shadows will also stay hidden in the surrounding. If assassins come anyway to kill Reiken, they can attack from every side. It will just depend on how fast they are, and how many enemies will be there. That is, if the enemy does take the bait and decides to act. If they don't take the bait, the only thing they can do is keep Reiken heavily protected and take control of the city again, expelling anyone that doesn't want to serve him.
"...I just wish we had more people on our side, you can't take Lord Mauro lightly either, he still has a lot of people working for him, otherwise he wouldn't have been able to maintain control of the city," William finishes his explanation.
"Let's get more people then."
"How?"
"Well, he may have many people still working for him, but isn't this city actually under my control? Long before Lord Mauro requested to have a meeting with me to negotiate terms, I already had complains against him from the people that live here. Most of its people, and the guards, are on my side. Taking the city back from him shouldn't be hard, I just made a mistake to leave him with so many assets, I didn't know what kind of people he was back at that time. But my real target are the assassins, I want to deal with them, I want them to feel that I'm vulnerable, and have them show themselves to us, but that will only happen if, like you said, they believe they can succeed. I really need to look vulnerable, like I'm here just for a diplomatic visit."
"I see. Sorry, I wasn't thinking like you, like the leader that you are. I was only thinking of my fellows and of your protection. So if a large scale fight happens, we can still have many more fighting on our side. But if we have too many with us, they won't take the bait. So how will you convince more people to be ready to help you, all before the meeting that you're supposed to have today, while also not having the enemy find out about it?"
"That's a good question, I was already trying to think about it while I was explaining that we could get more people. I certainly won't be able to do it myself, so I'll need you to do it for me. I'll stay here for longer to give you more time. You just need spread the information to some people that I am coming to meet Lord Mauro and solve Bagur's problems, but I might need their help to do so, just tell them to stay near the park for in case I need help. They might not trust you at first, but they might act anyway after seeing me."
"I see, it can work. In such a short time, this might be the best we can do to make it work."
"I'm going to trust you on knowing whom to speak to. You should be able to tell who are the people still working for Lord Mauro, and who are loyal to me. Just talk to some guards there, most of them were put there by me, I did that to every city that I conquered so I can keep them under my control."
"Alright, understood."
"How long did it take for you to get here from there?
"About thirty minutes."
"Then I'll wait here for two hours before I head to Bagur, will that be enough?"
"I... think so."
"Alright, then let's do it. Don't worry William, we'll succeed."
"Ok, Hokuto. I'll see you later."
William starts to head back to Bagur and Hokuto heads back to where Marcelo and the others are waiting for him. As he shows up, he can notice the relief on everyone's faces. He calls Marcelo to have a private chat in a small distance from the rest, still visible to them.
"Marcelo, since you're coming with me, I have to warn you of something."
"What is it?"
"I'm very certain that this requested meeting is nothing but a trap to kill me."
"What? A trap?"
"Yes."
"And you're going anyway? Why?"
"To reveal my enemies."
"You would use yourself as bait?"
"Yes, but we are not meeting him just anywhere, we are setting up a place of our choosing. I don't know exactly how many we are going to face, so we have to be careful. Nonetheless, if I'm right about the trap, it's certain to be dangerous."
"Are you sure you want to do this? There should be other ways. We could get more warriors to join us. Something."
"No, we have to take this risk, I need to deal with these enemies,"
"If you're set on this, then I trust you. Don't worry about it, I got your back, Reiken, until the end!"
"Whatever happens, we are not going to lose. We can't lose."
Hokuto's words cause Marcelo to smile in admiration. Hokuto steps closer to the rest of the people that are staring and raises his voice so that they all can hear.
"Everyone, I had a conversation with my messenger and he is going ahead to set up the meeting for us. We will wait here for two hours before we resume our journey, to give him time. Though this meeting is supposed to be just a diplomatic encounter, I'm expecting to fight a battle instead. Please trust my decisions, and be prepared for the worse."
The men and women there aren't really surprised that there would be fighting, they are people that serve Marcelo as their captain and they already know his methods well. They were already expecting a battle, but what they don't know is that the true target are assassins, and Hokuto doesn't mention them, he just wanted to warn them to be prepared. After that, Hokuto tells them where they plan to have the meeting, and to separate the people into a group that will stay with him and into smaller groups to stay around the area. He also decides that these smaller groups will enter the city a little later after him, since he is certain that as he enters the enemy assassins will already be watching him. After settling their plan, they just wait and talk about details, until the time to head off towards Bagur.
Reiken takes control from now on. As he enters Bagur, he sees many people that are happy with his presence. They shout his name smiling, watching him pass. Some of them shout pleas for help, to do something about Lord Mauro. A man that was just standing by the road comes near Reiken saying he has a message from Lord Mauro. they let him get closer and Reiken is told that Lord Mauro has been expecting his arrival, and is waiting to have the meeting in his manor. Reiken tells the man he doesn't want to have the meeting in his home, and to tell Lord Mauro to go meet him in the park. The messenger seems surprised and confused, but he just bows and answers him awkwardly that he will pass the message to Lord Mauro. Reiken goes ahead to the park without wasting time.

***

A good plan, but not good enough

Lord Mauro is told by his messenger that Reiken doesn't want to come to his home and is waiting for him to have the meeting at the city's park. He becomes anxious not knowing what to do and turns to speak to the scheming woman that is disguised as a servant standing a few feet away from him.
"Looks like your plan failed after all. Reiken isn't stupid enough to fall into your trap. What will you do now? More importantly, what will I do?" Mauro sounds concerned with himself.
"Nothing is going wrong. True that it would've been much easier if he came to meet you here, but I well expected that he wouldn't. We are already prepared for it." Melia lifts up her face and replies to Lord Mauro.
"And NOW you tell me this? I thought we agreed that you would share the whole plan."
"I am sharing it, I just didn't want to confuse you with too many details," she grins.
"Don't play me for a fool."
"Calm down. Reiken is here and that still makes him a vulnerable target. It doesn't matter if he wants you to meet him in the park, we'll just attack him there. Tell all your guards and mercenaries to go near the park, but to wait for a signal. Take a few with you and have your meeting with Reiken, talk to him making demands, try to sound serious, just play along and stall him. We'll be nearby preparing ourselves. When the time is right, we'll just attack him there."
"So your plan is simply to turn it into a straight battle counting on us having greater numbers? On broad daylight and open space? That completely misses the point of what I was expecting from you and your friends."
"Like I said, we are already prepared for it. We still have a few tricks that he won't expect."
"And you told me nothing of these plans. I'm beginning to think our partnership is a little one-sided."
"It's a little late to complain about this now. What will you do about it? What do you imagine Reiken is really here for? Do you think he came to listen to your complains and try to work things out? He is here to solve a problem, that problem being you. Now your only choices are to follow our plan and kill him, or run and abandon everything you own. We are wasting time here, order every loyal warrior to come to the park and stop making Reiken wait already."
"You're a despicable woman, but you're right that now is too late for me to back off. BUT, if Lord Granier becomes duke of Dorohoi, I'll expect proper compensation in equal value to my contribution."
"Of course, and a great contribution it is."
"I'm off then. Don't take too long to do your thing."
"Flee to safety when the battle begins."
Lord Mauro makes a serious posture, pass orders to a couple of his men as instructed by Melia, and sets off to have the meeting with Reiken. He doesn't really trust Melia, but now it's too late for regret, he swallows his concerns and have five men accompany him to the meeting. Seeing him go away, all the assassins in the manor, some hidden and some disguised, go to a meeting room to talk to Melia.
"The park, huh?" Melia says thinking to herself. "He picked a good spot for himself."
"What are you thinking? Should we call off the plan?" Priscilla asks.
"Of course not, we've come this far, we'll continue with the plan. The assassins that work for Reiken are definitely going to be hiding somewhere around him as well, so we'll have to take care of them first. After that, he won't even know what hit him before it is too late."
"I was really hoping we wouldn't have to use this plan, though," says Ronald, who was just standing by the door, disguised as a normal guard.
"You can't expect to kill a high profile target without having sacrifices. Come on, let's get moving already."
Melia, Priscilla, Ronald and the rest of the assassins with them all move out to go meet their target. She gives each of them orders to follow before splitting up. Some quickly go to the park to evaluate the situation, some go to warn others about their plan and situation and others go search for Reiken's assassins, somewhere near the park. They already know who those assassins and spies are, even though they perfectly played the roles of normal commoners it was easy to find out who they were, Melia was already expecting for more of them to come after they killed the one spy that was investigating Lord Mauro, so they just observed every person that was coming to stay in the city. Besides knowing about Reiken's assassins, she also has another particular trick prepared.
Near the park, more and more warriors are gathering. The assassins need to walk cautiously in order to not attract attention, trying to look like normal people passing by. Everything is done naturally, something they practiced for many years. Melia is told that Reiken only has fifteen guards with him in the center of the park. Lord Mauro is already there talking to him, so she needs to act fast. She is very certain that this is a trap, they are being bait to lure the enemy into attacking them, that much is obvious, but how many did Reiken really bring with him? They can't just go directly to attack him, or they risk being pinned by enemies from all sides. In her assassinations, Melia always thinks first of methods that allows her to escape later. But time is passing, and she needs to act. She doesn't know how many warriors will fight for Reiken, but he probably doesn't know how many will fight against him either, so she'll just have to send the peons first and see how the battle plays out.
If Reiken has fifteen guards with him, she'll send twenty five to attack him, with the five that are already with Lord Mauro it will turn into double the number of guards that Reiken has. The rest will stay back to fight the people that tries to help him. They probably also won't easily find all assassins working for Reiken before the battle starts. Still, it will have to do, there is no way to expect a flawless job this time, sometimes you just have to roll the dice. When the battle starts, everyone will do their parts. As long as Reiken dies, it doesn't matter what the losses are, her mission will be accomplished, and most importantly, she will have her vengeance, for the sister that she regrets never showing affection for.

***

A bloody battle

Marcelo and Reiken have been talking to Lord Mauro for some time now. Reiken asked that Marcelo stalled the conversation to keep Lord Mauro there for some time. It's funny though, they know Lord Mauro is doing the same, both of them are trying to stall each other, prolonging the conversation. Hokuto knows that what they are doing is dangerous, the enemy would only attack if they think they can win, and still, Hokuto insisted to use themselves as bait. He is just doing what he always does, trusting that his superior skill is enough to fight off any odds that are against him. Without even noticing, Hokuto takes control of the body. His sense of alert, expecting an incoming battle, easily puts his will above the other two. Marcelo and Lord Mauro are talking about political needs, the needs of the people or something of the sort, Hokuto is hearing it all but his mind is focused elsewhere. And then it happens, like he expected. Many warriors show up from different sides charging towards him and his guards. The warriors don't come shouting or declaring anything, but their intention is obvious.
"Here they come," his heart starts pumping harder. "Make a circle, get ready for battle!"
Hokuto instantly starts ordering his men, not feeling surprised or nervous. Lord Mauro doesn't say anything and quickly flees from this situation alongside his guards. The incoming enemies are almost closing in on them. As was expected, they are in higher numbers, but with skilled companions right next to him, Hokuto is certain they can defend themselves. But the enemy isn't being reckless, they surround Hokuto and his companions, slowly closing in, playing it safe by making full advantage of their numbers. The battle begins. People are getting hurt, on both sides, but only a few are getting killed. It's being hard to make progress and this is becoming more tiring for Hokuto and his allies. Hokuto wonders if the enemy assassins are among these warriors attacking him, and where are the other guards, they should have come to help him by now. Thinking about this makes he realises that in the distance, the others are already fighting as well, he can hear them.
They keep fighting in a circle, trying to defend themselves from enemies that are almost twice their number. Hokuto fights with great agility and manages to take down one, then two, then three enemies, but this nonstop battle is tiring him. His companions aren't having the same progress, they take a few down, but also take losses. They are still outnumbered and Hokuto is getting concerned, if he loses more companions watching his back, he won't be able to defend himself anymore. But his concern didn't last long, he sees some city guards running towards them, flanking the enemy and matching their number. Hokuto doesn't know these guards, but they are helping, and together they start to quickly dispatch the attacking enemies. Some try to get away, but they are quickly followed and slashed in their backs.
They cheer at this victory and Hokuto can finally relax his muscles a little, but they can't relax for too long, there are still people fighting nearby, all around the park. One of the city guards that just helped Hokuto approaches to tell him that many guards are busy fighting and they need help. Hokuto knows this, he orders everyone that isn't injured to follow him. He wants to quickly and efficiently take down all the enemies like a wave sweeping through the city. Hokuto rushes off in the direction where he sees the battle in its biggest proportion, leading a group consisting of eight of his guards, including Marcelo, and another twelve guards of Bagur that showed up to help. His companions from Destonea follow close behind him, while the guards of Bagur follow in the back.
Getting closer to the fight they can now notice that the situation looks unfavorable. The enemy warriors outnumber the city guards and the rest of Hokuto's companions, but considering the situation, they are defending themselves pretty well. Before Hokuto reaches the ones he wants to help, six enemies suddenly appear intercepting them. Hokuto wastes no time and engages them, but just as he does so, he hears some of his companions falling to the ground. "AMBUSH", his warriors scream. Hokuto was taken completely by surprise, he was not expecting this, some of the city guards that were with him just killed four people and injured another four before anyone could even notice it. These guards had just helped him kill his enemies, and now out of the twelve that were following him, at least half of them are actually enemies, and he can't tell if it's the same for the other half. But Hokuto has no time to look at his back, sensing danger he turns his head back towards the six enemies in front of him and barely dodges a sword slash aimed at his chest. A battle that was supposed to be easy, of twenty and one warriors against six, was instantly turned into about eight warriors against at least twelve, they can't even tell for sure.
Everything happens very fast, Hokuto's reflexes are put into one of his greatest tests, the kind that he faced only a few times before. He has no time to think about anything other than the battle, he dodges and deflects countless attacks, striking back with the greatest precision. His companions are fighting just as fiercely at his side, Marcelo stands right next to him, and all of them formed a circle with their backs to each other. The whole thing takes only seconds, the enemies are putting all their effort into this attack, meant to take all their targets out with speed and precision, and they almost succeed at it. They are set on striking Hokuto down and they attack him trying to not give any time for reaction. But Hokuto still prevails. In another spectacular display of skill, fighting past the pain of his injuries, with the will of three men combined, he survives. Marcelo and Hokuto are the only ones left alive, but each fallen companion managed to kill at least one or two enemies before being killed. Marcelo has two minor flesh wounds, but Hokuto was wounded more severely. Being attacked by all these enemies at the same time, taken by surprise, he was stabbed in his right shoulder and slashed pretty deep in his stomach and left leg. Hokuto falls to his knees being unable to keep himself up. He hears Reiken and John shouting at him, telling him to hang in there, it feels like they are all close friends, bonded. Reiken and John may share much of Hokuto's combat expertise and great reflexes, but neither of them think they could have handled this situation better than he did, after all, it's not just skills, Hokuto also has great focus and self-control. They are just grateful they survived this battle.
Marcelo is crouched at Hokuto's side trying to help him. He shouts for help. This attracts friends as much as foes. Every nearby enemy runs towards Hokuto to kill him, and every ally runs to protect him. Seeing more enemies coming closer first, Hokuto gets up on his feet to defend himself but Marcelo puts himself in front. Marcelo fights with fervor, he manages to let no enemy pass by him, buying enough time for the rest of their companions to catch up to them. They make a circle around Hokuto to guard him with their lives. More enemies appear, but they are taken down without casualties, but still more are coming. Some citizens that were nearby finally decide to take action and even though they are not warriors, they pick anything they can use as a weapon and get close to the circle of guards to also protect their real lord. Soon more and more people do the same. The enemies finally stop attacking and start running away. With this, they change their priority, they need to find a doctor for Hokuto to immediately treat his wounds. 
"There is a doctor closeby, he can help you," a young man from this city tells the guards.
"Take us there, immediately," Marcelo says this to the man and lifts Hokuto up, supporting him with his shoulders. They move carefully, but also with haste.

***

The last attempt

From a distance Melia watched the whole battle of the surprise attack from the disguised city guards, which was executed by the best assassin warriors she had available, and yet, Reiken lived. This is the second time he makes her grit her teeth this hard. 'How can that kid be such a great warrior, how?' she feels infuriated, she promised herself that she would take her revenge upon her sister, and she was unable to do so. Neither was she able to accomplish her mission, she will probably have to return to Lord Roberto Royan as a failure. Ronald was killed in that attack, a man that more than once she witnessed crushing multiple enemies simultaneously. 'No! It isn't over yet!' Melia has an idea.
"A doctor! In his state he is probably going to look for one. We could disguise as doctors and take him by surprise with that! Wasn't there a small clinic closeby?" Melia asks Priscilla, standing next to her.
"I'm sorry Melia, but this is it. You should give up as well."
"Are you quitting on me now?"
"We failed here. I'm not taking any more risks. We already lost more than twenty members of the Howlers. I'm going back to Horegu and report to Lord Royan what happened."
"Do what you want, then. I'll finish this job on my own."
"Good luck, Melia," Priscilla speaks with respect and concern, and quickly turns her back to go away. She doesn't expect to see her leader again after this.
Melia doesn't care. She believes she can do this, she only needs to get close enough to him, she might be able to, there's a pretty good chance that she might. The rest of Lord Mauro's hired mercenaries are still fighting, she doesn't expect them to succeed at killing Reiken but they can still buy her time to replace the doctor in the clinic with herself. Melia wastes no more time thinking, and goes to the nearest clinic that she is aware of. When she gets there, she finds the door closed with a sign pinned to it that reads 'The doctor is out'. This is even better, Melia believes. It will save her some trouble. She picks her dagger and busts the lock open. She removes the sign and enters the clinic. She quickly surveys the place checking it for windows to escape, then looks for appropriate clothes to put on. She finds a jacket, puts it on, and just stays there waiting.
"This will work! He will come! This will work!" Melia keeps telling herself.
Melia concentrates on putting up an act of a doctor and waits, and not long after she started preparing, she can already hear the screams of people getting near. Many guards suddenly enter the clinic making noise, asking for the help of a doctor. About seven people enter the small waiting room, all of them are Reiken's guards, and one of them is supporting him with his shoulders. Melia comes out of the treatment room, into the waiting room. 
"Are you the doctor of this clinic? Reiken needs immediate help. He is bleeding a lot," one of Reiken's companions addresses Melia.
"Yes, I'm the doctor. Bring him to this room and lay him on the bed. But only one of you can enter, it's a small room and it's already too crowded in here."
"Ok, I'll take him," the man supporting Reiken says.
The three of them get inside the treatment room, and Reiken is put to lay down on the bed. Melia starts examining Reiken's wounds, acting like a doctor in a hurry. While she does so, she notices that Reiken is staring at her. She turns her face to the man that is with them and tells him that she needs to clean the wounds first before she can close them and that she'll start with the shoulder, so meanwhile he should to take Reiken's shirt and armor off. 
Melia turns her back to Reiken and goes to grab bandages in a cabinet, and while she does it, she picks up the dagger she has with her beneath the jacket and conceals it in between the bandage cloth. 'I'm almost there, I just need to take them both by surprise', she sneers for a brief moment and then waits a couple of seconds to get her face back in act, but during this time she recalls having heard an unclear sound of a sword being unsheathed. Before she realises what this means, she feels a sudden excruciating pain. A sword is pierced through her body, just below the heart, coming out from her chest. The pain is so great, she can't even make a sound, she understands she will be dead in seconds, she has time only to turn her neck and see Reiken's face right next to hers, staring down with emotionless red eyes, right back at her own. Bewildered, she manages only to mutter the word "How?", but even if he would answer, she doesn't have time to hear him. Melia falls unconscious, never to awake again.

***

A costly victory...

"Reiken!"
Marcelo can barely believe what just happened, Reiken had made a sign for him to be quiet, got up from the bed silently, picked the sword that Marcelo had with him, and pierced the doctor woman at her back.
"Why did you do this?"
"Just a hunch," John answers sounding natural.
"A hunch?" Marcelo is astonished.
"Didn't that guy tell us he could get a doctor using the word 'he'? A male doctor, not a woman."
"Maybe so. But you killed this woman for that reason alone? There could be countless possibilities for a woman to be here, it even could be a mistake from that guy. You couldn't have confirmed that before you stabbed the woman in the back? This is insane!"
"Feeling pity now, Marcelo? This doesn't seem like you."
"I believe in punishing offenders without feeling remorse, but I would never punish an innocent."
Suddenly a couple of guards enter the room opening the door with great force, asking for Reiken, with weapons in their hands. They see him standing without any new injury and the woman dead on the floor. Both of them show relief in their faces and sheath their weapons back.
"Are you ok, Reiken?"
"Yes, nothing happened to me."
"A guy just entered the clinic saying he is the doctor of this place, we were worried that something could have happened to you," one of the guards says. "The real doctor should be coming in here in a moment, hang in there."
John goes back to the bed, he is running out of strength from the loss of blood, but now the real doctor comes inside to treat him, an older looking man that certainly resembles the common idea of what a doctor looks like. He wastes no time and starts patching up the young warrior's injuries. The cuts in the stomach and leg were deep, but not life threatening, the worst injury was the pierced shoulder. He takes almost an hour to fully patch John up, spending a lot of time cleaning him, the doctor stitched as fast and as efficiently as he could, while some guards helped keeping cloths pressed on the wounds . The young warrior will have to keep his right shoulder wrapped up for many days, weeks even, changing the bandages often, and he probably won't be able to fight for months to come.
After the young warrior is taken care of, the doctor starts helping all the other injured guards. John doesn't want to continue controlling the body, neither does Hokuto, who is mentally exhausted, so Reiken takes back control. When he leaves the clinic, he sees a huge crowd gathered outside, that as they notice him coming out, welcomes him with deafening cheers that doesn't cease for several minutes. The people of Bagur are all happy that he is alive, and fought against a noble that they all hate, but Reiken isn't able to feel very pleased with the situation. He's never been this much hurt before, out of the thirty guards that came with him only seven survived, and he has no idea as to what happened to William and the rest of the Shadows. He certainly paid the price for the risk that was taken, acting without enough information. He laughs for a moment thinking that after what has happened, he is definitely not going to listen to Hokuto's ideas so easily anymore.
Even though all the people in the crowd are happily cheering for Reiken, his guards don't let anyone get too close. At the moment, Reiken just wishes to find out what happened to the Shadows. Suddenly he sees the crowd opening way for some guards to pass through, and Lord Mauro is among them. They tell Reiken that they captured Lord Mauro trying to escape. Good news at least.
"Please," Lord Mauro starts begging. "I didn't plan this, I was..."
"Silence, scum," the guard next to him punches him hard in the face. "You weren't given permission to speak."
"The guy participated in a plot to deceive and kill us, Reiken, there is really only one thing to do with him," John says to Reiken.
"Marcelo, what do you think we should do?" Reiken turns to Marcelo, that has been by his side all the time.
"There is only one thing to do with him, Lord Reiken. We should execute him, and do it in public too, for everyone to see and know what you're prepared to do. I'm certain that in this case you will earn more respect from both your allies, and your enemies. Besides, this man deserves it."
A public execution. Reiken never really imagined himself doing this, killing people in battle is one thing, but killing someone defenseless for punishment is a lot different, even if it's punishment for such high treason. Still, he has no argument against it, the execution isn't just a punishment, it's also a message. Reiken nods in agreement to Marcelo, and reveals to everyone around him that Lord Mauro will be executed in a few hours at the park. Reiken asks Marcelo to make all the arrangements for the execution. Reiken probably won't be able to find out what happened to the Shadows anytime soon, with so many people around him.
After two hours, everything is ready. The news of the execution was quickly spread and almost everyone in Bagur tried to gather at the park to witness it. They prepared a small stage so they can stay at a slightly higher ground for everyone to better see them. Mauro is in the middle on his knees, with his head being forced to lean forward, Marcelo is next to him along with a few other guards and Reiken is standing a little away on the side. Marcelo starts talking with a loud voice for everyone to hear.
"People of Bagur. We have called upon you to witness the execution of former lord Mauro, for trying to deceive and assassinate our Lord Reiken. For this treason, there is no lesser penalty than being put to death," Marcelo turns to Mauro. "Do you have any last words?"
"Please, you gotta hear me out, I'll be good. I'll obey him, I swear. This was all just a big mistake..."
"Not very honorable last words, are they?" 
Marcelo picks up an axe and chops Mauro's head while he still begged. The crowd cheer when they see Mauro being killed. With all this cheering and those happy faces, even Reiken can't help smiling, like an emotion being transmitted to him. He doesn't know if all they did here was the right thing to do. Actually, he already understands from his experience with Hokuto and John that there is never just one right thing to do, there can be many answers to the same problem, which is exactly why they decided to let Marcelo, Christiana and Anderson each handle a city with their own methods. Still, he recognizes that he is young and has much to learn. It was a very costly victory, but he wants to believe that there was no mistake done in it, that it was worth the effort.

***

... But an absolute victory

Reiken and the rest of his companions stay in Bagur for a few more days until he recovers a little from his injuries before he is able to travel back to Destonea. He was able to talk to William in one of these days, and he is told that the Shadows were also attacked during that big battle. The enemy assassins knew who they were and got them by surprise. Only three members of the Shadows survived, out of the ten that were in the city. Even though Reiken never knew who they really were, he still felt genuinely sad about it, they were William's companions, and extremely helpful allies in numerous occasions. During these few days, they also make preparations for the next lord to be of Bagur.
After Reiken is feeling a little better, he and his companions journey back to Destonea. Everywhere that he passed by, and even in Destonea, people already knew about what happened at Bagur and of Lord Mauro's execution. It seems these news have quickly spread in every direction. Anderson and Christiana haven't returned from their assignments yet, Reiken hopes that they haven't encountered the same kind of difficulty that he had. Meanwhile he just spends a few more days waiting and handling some political matters, he trusts that they should return soon without the need for sending a messenger to obtain news of them.
Christiana is then the first one to return. She reports that at first it felt that they were just being stalled, the meetings with the lord of the city weren't really going anywhere, but after he heard news of what happened with Reiken and Mauro, he became a lot more obedient. After having a few conversations, they managed to work out many problems and get to an agreement. Things should improve in that city now, but if it doesn't, its lord should know what to expect to happen to him.
Two days after Christiana, Anderson also returns. His report was 'the city was successfully taught of the Goddess and her teachings'. He even managed to convince them to build a small chapel there, leaving someone to further instruct everyone in the teachings of the Goddess. After many conversations with the leader there, Anderson 'convinced' him how his ways were an error, and how he would be rewarded with strength and wisdom by accepting the teachings of the Goddess.
Now, they are back to confronting their biggest enemy, Lord Vicente Granier, who still owns the other half of Dorohoi. But Reiken won't be able to join in any battles, not for several weeks still. But an interesting thing happened, he has noticed that his warriors have been training harder than before, it would seem that seeing Reiken hurt has boosted their fighting spirit.
One week after Reiken returned to Destonea, a messenger appeared bearing a letter from Lord Vicente Granier, requesting an agreement between the two. The letter contains eloquent writing, with a message that makes it appear friendly and thoughtful of both sides, but its meaning is really the following, that Reiken let Lord Vicente Granier become the duke of Dorohoi without conflicts, and he will give Reiken a position of great importance and privileges, he would even formally accept Reiken into nobility. The usual noble talk, believing they are superior to the commoners. Reiken, with the advice of Hokuto and John, readily refused the offer and sent the messenger away, they will settle for nothing less than becoming the next true duke of Dorohoi. But how can they possibly solve this dispute with Lord Granier? Both of them want to avoid a war at all costs, so how can Reiken become the next duke without fighting?
To his great surprise, a week later, another messenger appears, saying that he came in secrecy, bearing a message from a man proclaiming to be one of Lord Granier's advisors, stating that he has a way to end this dispute in a way that favors Reiken, asking for a meeting to discuss it. The message requests that Reiken comes to a certain village already in Reiken's territory, and the man will be waiting there. It could be a trap, they think, but it could also very well be the solution that they need, and that's an opportunity that can't be wasted. The messenger didn't want an answer from Reiken, he said that the man will be waiting for three days at this village, regardless of what Reiken chooses to do. This makes the man seem more trustworthy. They decide to go to the village, but they won't go there unprepared, Reiken immediately sends for some people to go ahead to the village to scout it and report if there could be any danger. The next day, Reiken also sets off to go, taking only fourteen guards with him, along with Christiana.
The fact that the man who sent the messenger chose a small village for the meeting makes it a lot easier to not walk into a potential trap. When Reiken and his party get near the village, he meets his scouts that were a day ahead waiting for him outside. All of them report that they found the man there, along with another five people, but only two of them seem to be warriors, so they are assumed to be personal guards, but apart from that, there isn't a single suspicious person that they think could be a disguised enemy. It really doesn't seem like a trap. It's hard to shake off the feeling of walking into one, but it would be paranoid to just pass on this opportunity. Even though Reiken can't help feeling a little afraid, he is willing to run the risk if it's really possible to end the dispute with Lord Granier in a favorable way.
Entering the village, the people just stare at Reiken and his guards without greeting him, whispering among themselves. The people know him, but they didn't have much contact with Reiken before, and they don't get much visit from outsiders. Reiken wastes no time and goes straight for the place where he was told the man and his companions are. He goes to a small house that was probably rented for these three days. One of Reiken's guards knock on the door. A man opens it and invites them inside after noticing who they are. Christiana and another five guards enter the house first and Reiken enters behind them, the rest stay outside watching. The small house becomes clustered with so many people in it, but no one minds it. There are three men sitting on chairs in one side of the room, with an armed man and a woman at their sides. One of Reiken's guards pulls up a chair and puts it a little away from the three men and his guards, facing them. Reiken sits down on the chair and his guards stand close to him next to the walls. As Reiken sits, the man sitting in the middle between the other two starts the conversation.
"So you're Reiken?"
"Yes, I am."
"You really are young like the rumor says, but it also says you're very wise and a most formidable warrior."
"I'm a bit older than what I look."
"Ah, I apologize."
"It's not a problem."
"Tell me, Lord Reiken, do you hate the nobles?"
"Have you called me here just to ask questions?"
"Forgive our rudeness," the man on the left answers. "But the reason the three of us are here is because we wanted to get to know you."
"We do have a great proposition to you," the man in the middle resumes talking. "But we want to make sure you are what we expect. Do you mind if we keep talking like this before we get to that?"
"I see. Go ahead then, I don't mind."
"Do you hate the nobles?"
Reiken hesitates for a moment before answering. In the past he would quickly answer yes, but after he met Hokuto, his idea of nobles has changed. Not only that, he may lose the opportunity of hearing what they came to propose if he gives a 'wrong' answer.
"No, I don't really hate them."
"But you know, people call you the commoner's leader," the man on the right says.
"The nobility of Dorohoi always had a tendency to not care about the common folk. They are just getting what was coming to them."
"And we don't disagree with you," the man in the middle continues. "We agree the people of this territory have always been mistreated. But we are sure you don't fully understand our position too, you shouldn't assume that every noble is bad."
"I used to, but I don't anymore. I heard many stories about nobles from a friend, and learned much from him. I understand I might need the nobles to be able to lead the territory."
"That is great to hear from you," the man on the left says.
"Personally I was thinking you would be hard to reason with, but this is being very satisfying."
"So are you ready to tell me about your proposition?" Reiken asks.
"Not just yet. I still have a few more questions."
"Then ask."
"Why are you trying to become duke?"
"Me? I guess... I just want to turn Doroho into a better place."
"Is that so?" The man says looking dubious.
"Well, yeah."
"Why?"
"I don't want the things that happened to me to keep happening to other people. I have acquired the strength to change things, and I decided to do so."
"Honestly, that sounds hard to believe. We heard many stories about you and your ideals, but stories are always fantasized."
"Have you three been investigating me?"
"We have, or else we could not make the decision that we are considering."
"What decision?"
"One more question first. Suppose that you become duke of Dorohoi, what do you plan to do then?"
"I'm not sure what I'm going to do. Personally, I just want to see this territory become peaceful. And strong. I don't have any other ambition."
The man smirks. "You're really still just a kid in that regard. Still, you really get things done, and somehow the people seem to like and trust you. You seem to have a good attitude, even though there must be more to your reasons than what you claim. But you'll need a lot of help to administer the territory, it isn't as easy as you might think."
"I know, and I plan on relying on a lot of people too. People that I hope I can trust."
"Alright, I think we have heard enough, you guys agree?" The man on the middle looks at the other two with him.
"Yes." The man on the right says.
"He seem trustworthy. Even if not, I prefer to take my chances with him," the man on the left says.
"I'm now going to tell you about our proposition. We want to overthrow Lord Granier. Lord Granier is not the right leader for Dorohoi, he is smart and very powerful, but he doesn't think of the people first, and he is not loved by them. Dorohoi needs someone they can believe in and support, it's the only way for a territory to really prosper, and this is something the three of us really wish for."
"You might be exactly what Dorohoi needs. Lord Granier became powerful and influential not by making friends, but by making enemies. He is very smart, but all actions he takes are to favor himself," the man on the right says.
"How do you plan to overthrow him?"
"We already have a plan. We can get rid of him and take control of his assets, but we'll need you to be ready to intervene and help us before the other nobles decide to take any action, you need to take control of Dorohoi without giving time for anyone to organize, or else our efforts will be for nothing."
"We are actually close advisors of Lord Granier," says the man on the left. "Although, he doesn't take much of our advice anymore."
"So how about this? Do we have an agreement?" The man in the middle continues.
"Of course," Reiken is feeling truly excited. "This would be perfect."
"Alright, then you can count on us. Be ready to act after Granier is taken care of."
"Do not mention about this meeting with anyone. We were not supposed to be here, take caution to not expose us. It may take some time until we are able to take care of Lord Granier, be prepared to act at any moment," says the man on the left.
"I will."
"It has been a pleasure to have this conversation," the man in the middle continues.
"Yes, mine as well."
Reiken gets up from the chair and the three nobles do the same. They bow to each other to show respect, and Reiken leaves the house, followed by all the guards that were with him. He decides to already start his journey back to Destonea, but they'll spend their night in another city on the way. When Christiana gets the chance, she tries to give some advice to Reiken. 
"Lord Reiken, do you trust those three nobles that you talked to?"
"It doesn't matter if I trust them or not. They may do what they said, or they may not do it. If they don't kill Vicente, then simply nothing changes."
"Well, yes, but that's not what I mean. What I mean is, even if they do kill Vicente, what are their intentions after that? They could be lying about everything. Maybe Vicente isn't even like what they say he is, and they are the actual selfish nobles."
"Why are you so concerned about this, Christiana? You're being very distrustful. Sometimes we have to take chances. We'll just deal with the problems as they arise."
"You're right, I must be over-thinking this. Just be careful on whom to trust."
"Yeah, I'll try to be careful, thanks for your concerns."
"No need to thank me, Lord Reiken."
The next day, they journey back to Destonea. Three weeks are past, and Reiken receives word that Lord Vicente Granier has been recently murdered, and no one knows who did it. He gets his army ready, already prepared for this, and march towards Leven, the biggest city in the west of Dorohoi, where Vicente Granier lived. No other army appears trying to oppose them, no enemy knew what to do in this situation, the alliance between all the nobles of the west had crumbled with Vicente's death, and they had no time to come into an agreement on what to do. And this is it, this is all there is to it, without the need for a great battle, a great plan or any great difficulties, Reiken manages to take control of Dorohoi, and become duke.

***

"People's hearts can not be filled with dreams alone"

If we don't pursue our goals, we'll never be fulfilled. And we are bound to fail sometimes. Disappointments are hard to deal with and can lead to a lot of suffering. In fact, there are too many situations that can cause us suffering, and too many circumstances that can drive us to lose our hope. But whichever be the case, no reason is ever good enough to stop trying. With time and experience we can steel our hearts to be prepared for anything, to endure any trial. Our will can falter, but it must never break. In the worst scenarios, we should feed our soul with small dreams, achievable goals. Build up our will bit by bit. As long as we don't stop, we'll find something to live for.
Even the shittiest life is decently fun if you live.

* * * * *

Chapter 10

Reiken

Reiken, the young warrior with a tragic past, who suddenly appeared fighting for peace and equality between the nobles and commoners of Dorohoi, standing up for those that nobody cared about, now has his story known through every corner of Dorohoi, a story that is very much like Duke Jesse's, his inspiration. Reiken is an idealist, one of the reasons that made him unable to cope with reality. He always believed most problems could be solved with enough understanding. If he had embraced the human selfishness, he would've found his world to be much easier to live in. Grief can not be escaped, it has to be faced head-on and conquered.
Reiken has learned and changed, now his story inspires people. After he became duke of Dorohoi, the conflicts for dominance between all the cities have ended. Each city became one part of the whole, working towards turning Dorohoi into a richer and stronger territory. The over-dominance of the nobles over the commoners has greatly diminished. For over a century the nobles were considered to be in a whole different level of value when compared to the common folk, always demanding to be respected, but now many of the former attitudes of the nobles are no longer tolerated, the people themselves have learned to not tolerate them, though if they did so before they would just get punished, but now they get protected. The nobles are expected to treat the commoners with some degree of respect, but not every noble easily adapted to this change, and Reiken has been mildly or even severely punishing them.
The nobles, though, aren't the only problem. Dorohoi is far from being able to be called peaceful. There are still many problems with murder, theft, or rape, committed by people that do not know another way to live, that did not learn how to live in peace. The people of this territory, and possibly of this whole nation, have always lived their lives believing that in this world every person has to take care of oneself, and it's alright to do so at the cost of other's misfortunes. Reiken, with the help of Hokuto and John, have been dealing with this using whatever method seems to work best at the situation, sometimes just trying to teach the people to believe in union and respect, sometimes introducing them to the religion, and sometimes with punishment, even with death if it feels necessary.
Reiken has spent most of his time travelling around Dorohoi, strengthening his relations with all the lords, and solving problems as they appear. Reiken has continued to personally join the battles to protect the people, something that comes from Hokuto's warrior nature. During their travelling, they have also encountered many different warriors that they dueled with, challenging them or being challenged, which all three of them take great pleasure in accepting. During the time when Reiken would be at Destonea, he would join in meetings with his counselors, to work on the many affairs that a duke has to take. No decision of great importance was ever taken without his approval. And whenever he had free time, he continued to practice his and his soldiers skills in combat, Reiken with his two swords, Hokuto with his spear, and John with his axe.
The relationship between Reiken, Hokuto and John, has gotten a lot stronger over the time. They have talked to each other many times about many different things, and although they very  commonly disagree on things, they learned to respect each other's opinions. Sharing the same body has given them new, different perspectives. In life, sometimes perspective can make all the difference, there's never just one truth, one right or wrong, one good or evil. This difference of perspectives has enabled them to make choices they would have never made if they were by themselves, choices that averted many potential problems.
After three months have passed, Reiken received a message from Duke Roberto Royan of the Horegu territory, requesting for another meeting between all the dukes. The message specified where the location of the meeting takes place, probably assuming that Reiken might not know of it, but he has already been there before, as Hokuto, a guard to Duchess Lin Bleaumenaux. Now he will go there as Reiken, duke of Dorohoi. He hopes he is not recognized.

***

The meeting

The day arrives for the meeting between all the dukes, held at an old fort in neutral territory, a place that Reiken has been once before. Fortunately this fort is close to Reiken's whereabouts, so the journey will be short. The dukes aren't allowed to take many guards to this fort, so he takes his most trusted companions, Christiana, Anderson, Marcelo and two more guards. They all travel light by horses.
When they arrive at the fort, the guards at the entrance lead them to their personal room, assigned to the dukes of each territory. Reiken is one of the first to arrive, and they had to wait for several hours before the meeting could start. After this long wait, a messenger appears to tell Reiken the meeting is about to commence. He can only take two people with him inside the meeting room, so he takes Christiana and Anderson. He believes it's best to not take Marcelo with him, as he could create a complication between him and duke Seigan Larx. Also, having Anderson with him, a religious man with horns, will show them that Reiken has no problems with religious people, something that Hokuto suggested. As Reiken walks towards the meeting room, he notices he is starting to feel very nervous, Hokuto and John can feel his nervousness, and they try to calm him down, telling him to walk with pride. Hokuto would gladly take Reiken's place and control the body, but he believes that Reiken has to be the one to talk during the meeting. Pride is something that Reiken has only acquired many months after meeting Hokuto, or actually, having him sharing the same body. He has gone from a man that was willingly walking towards his own death, to a man of valor. Even so, he still wonders if he is worth all the admiration that he has earned, he thinks he really isn't, but Reiken isn't just one man, he is three, and together they became something a lot greater than either of them was. Having this sorted out in his mind, Reiken takes a deep breath by the door and lifts his head up high in pride. He enters showing confidence. After every duke arrives and is seated, duke Roberto Royan starts the conversation, just like in the other time.
"I thank you all for coming here. Our last meeting took place over an year ago. Last time we welcomed a new duke to one of the territories of our nation, the young Jesse here. This time, we are here welcome another young duke. Would you please Introduce yourself to me and the others?"
"My name is Reiken. I'm the duke of Dorohoi."
"Tell us more about yourself, son. Or maybe you prefer the others to introduce themselves first?."
"No, that's not necessary."
"I see. Well then, tells us more about yourself, how old are you?"
"I'm... twenty four now."
"Twenty four. Isn't that the same age as Duke Jesse?"
"Yes," Jesse answers briefly.
"And you were a commoner too, right?"
"Yes," Reiken answers. "Well, I still am."
"You didn't buy a title of nobility?"
"Buy a title? You can do that? What for?"
Duke Seigan Larx laughs, Duke Jesse and Duke Richard Ney smile, the others make perplexed expressions.
"Well, you would be getting more respect from the people and the other nobles. They would understand your position before them."
"Respect, huh? You're telling me I can buy respect?"
"Ha ha! I like this kid," Duke Larx speaks with joy. "You can tell he is the kind of man that goes and gets things done, instead of ordering people around hiding behind their titles."
"Are you insinuating something, Duke Larx?"
"Yes, I'm insinuating that you are a fraud and a joke."
"What? How dare you talk to me like that?"
"The laws will change, old man. These two young dukes are proof of the change that is coming. Almost at the same time, people with horns are appearing. Change is coming, you are a fool if you can't see that."
"Change has indeed come in the south and the southeast, but the laws will not change. We have lived by these laws for three hundred years, laws that uphold ideals of freedom, free speech, free travel and free trade. Any chaos instilled in a territory has only it's duke to blame. I will protect these laws until the time of my passing."
"And that is why you are a fraud. The only thing you really protect are your interests. You want all of us to continue to remain good neighbors despite all our differences? With any citizen being able to go about wherever he wants to go? This already makes one territory affect all the others. The chaos lingering in most of our nation is caused by this freedom, as you call it."
"This is why these meetings exist. So we can learn from each other, to improve our leadership."
"It sounds good in theory, but that's not what happens. With all our differences, we'll never come into terms with each other."
"He makes a good point," Duchess Bleaumenaux enters the conversation. "We won't solve our differences by just talking here. I, for example, still intend to spread the teachings of the Goddess to the whole nation."
"Something that I don't intend to allow," Duke Jesse says.
"So what are all of you suggesting?" Duke Roberto Royan asks. "That we close our borders so that no one can pass? Or would you rather have we fight each other for control of the nation?"
"Yeah I like those ideas, how about both?" Duke Larx answers.
"This is ridiculous. You want to make our people fight a war?"
"I'll gladly fight it, if that's what it takes to have one strong, unified nation."
"We can't fight an all-out war with all of us," Duke Ney also joins the conversation. "If we fight a war of that scale the nation will plunge into such great chaos, that even after one of us emerge victorious that person wouldn't be able to bring order back to it."
"I hate the idea of us fighting a war, too," says Duchess Mira Royan, silent until now.
"So, how do you suggest we solve this problem, then?" Duke Larx asks.
"I have one suggestion," Duke Royan says. "We should just replace you as the duke of Salonta. That solves the problem of you instigating a war. Doesn't this sound like a good idea?"
"I don't think so," Duchess Bleaumenaux readily answers.
"Me neither," Duke Jesse follows.
"I also deny this idea," Reiken feels the need to say so, even though it felt redundant.
"If you are all so eager to go to war instead, then go ahead and fight amongst yourselves."
"How about..." Reiken continues, "we make a, competition, of sorts. That seems like a more mature thing to do."
"A competition? You want to put the fate of our nation into a game?"
"I'm interested in this idea, what kind of competition are you talking about, young Reiken?" Duke Larx asks.
"I'm not talking about a game, but a competition to earn the people's favor, a contest for popularity, so to speak."
"What do you mean, how would this work?"
"We make some rules for it to work, but the main idea is that instead of fighting each other, we, or people representing us, can travel around the nation fighting for the people, solving the problems that are faced, gaining favor from them in our names."
"So the victor of this competition would be the most popular and favored duke by the people of the whole nation."
"Yes, something like that."
"And what's to gain from this competition?"
"Well that's just it. Popularity. And this duke can then rule over the others, with the people to back him up."
"I see, so the idea is that we do unite the nation under one rule, but instead of fighting each other, we let the people decide."
"That's right."
Everybody looks amazed by the idea given by Reiken.
"It seems very reasonable."
"I loved this idea," Duchess Bleaumenaux says. "We should work on it's details, see if we come up with something that everyone can agree with."
"Though it sounds good, this isn't a fair competition," Duke Royan says. "I know how popular you commoners are with the people, if it's a competition for being favored by the population in general, then some of us wouldn't stand a chance."
"That just shows how unfit you are," Duke Larx taunts him again.
"No, I agree with Duke Royan," says Duke Ney. "Even disregarding whether it is a fair competition or not, we can't leave the decision of the victor to fall on the people's hands, after all, they don't really always know what is best for them. In many cases we have to make choices towards an important goal in which the means are not agreed on. They don't have the perspective to see the grand scheme of things. This certainly applies to knowing who is the most suited person to rule the nation."
Everyone goes silent for a few seconds, they can't easily answer back to what Duke Richard Ney said. Duke Roberto Royan visibly smiles in satisfaction.
"So, what should we do, then?" Duchess Royan asks.
"I like Duke Reiken's idea for a competition of acquiring the people's favor. But in the end of this competition, we should be the ones to choose the most capable duke to rule over the others, based on the results that we see," Duke Ney answers.
"This seems fair."
"I can manage to agree to this," Duke Royan says.
"Heh... fine for me. I can accept this," Duke Jesse says after the rest of the dukes remained silent for a few seconds.
"Alright then, so be it," Duke Larx gives in. "How long will this competition last?"
"A year?" Duke Jesse suggests.
"That seems too long to me."
"Long? I would say that is too short," Duchess Bleaumenaux says.
"Two years seems about right," Duke Royan says.
Everyone but Duke Seigan Larx agrees.
"Then let's leave it like this. Two years will do. We can meet here again with our decisions in two years from now."
"Also, let's make one thing clear," Duke Ney resumes speaking. "This agreement of ours is to solve a problem our nation faces in regard to all the differences we have as leaders. But even after we choose someone, it's only so we can follow this person's directives. Obviously, such person will not become the ruler of the whole nation all by himself."
"And if that person's directives are not followed?" Duke Larx asks.
"Then we can take a joined action against the ones refusing to cooperate, if that is to everyone's interest."
"So be it then. I also accept this competition, does anyone still disagree?" After some seconds of silence, Duke Seigan Larx continues. "Then I believe there is nothing else left to discuss," he stands up. "Let me show everyone what is necessary to properly rule this nation."
"Leaving first again, huh?" Duke Royan says. "You must think you have nothing to learn from us."
"Something of the sort."
Duke Seigan Larx just turns his back and, once again, is the first one to leave the room. Duke Jesse follows soon afterwards, but the rest of them stay for longer, talking about different subjects. Reiken hears them for some time, but loses interest and is the third one to get up and leave. Seeing him do so, Duchess Lin Bleaumaux also gets up and leaves after him.

***

Lin Bleaumenaux

Reiken is walking back to his room, with Christiana and Anderson by his side, when he suddenly hears someone calling for him. He stops and turns around, seeing a strong, much older man, with very big horns. Reiken recognizes him, but doesn't remember his name.
"It's Albert," Reiken hears Hokuto speaking to him.
"Duke Reiken," Albert comes closer. "Could you come with me? Lady Bleaumenaux would like to speak with you."
"Huh? What could the duchess of Slatina want with Duke Reiken?" Christiana asks.
"It's private."
"Private? We are Duke Reiken's closest companions and advisors, this can't be something that we can't participate."
"It's alright, Christiana. I'll just go have a little conversation with Duchess Bleaumenaux."
"But Reiken, you have to let us stay close to you. I don't feel very secure with you going alone."
"What are you talking about? There is nothing to be concerned of. Wait in our room and I'll return after I'm finished with the conversation."
"But..."
"Christiana, I'm asking you to go wait in our room."
"Why? Anderson, say something to him."
"What's the matter with you? You don't trust Reiken?"
"Of course I trust him."
"Then stop complaining and let's go already."
"You..."
"Alright, I'll go see lady Bleaumenaux now," Reiken says smiling at the two of them.
"... Fine. We'll be waiting for you," Christiana says.
"Follow me, please," Albert starts to lead the way, and Reiken follows him. After they take some distance, Albert feels like saying one thing. "You have some really close companions."
"Yes. I do."
They get to Lady Bleaumenaux's room, Albert opens the door and tells Reiken to go inside. There should be other companions of Lady Bleumenaux inside, but there isn't any, she is the only one there, waiting for him.
"Hokuto," she calls for him in a soft voice, like she was longing to see him.
"I'm Reiken."
"I want to talk to Hokuto."
Hokuto, with his will, assumes control of Reiken's body shortly after hearing it. His eyes turn crystal blue in front of Lady Bleaumenaux, and her expression immediately changes. She slowly comes close to him, stares directly into his eyes and gives him a tight hug.
"My lady..." Hokuto is unsure if he should hug her back.
"I know... but I miss you so much, everyday. Just hold me like you used to, please, remind me that you're still here."
Hokuto can't refuse her, even if he should, he doesn't have the will to refuse her. He holds her gently, in a way that was done so many times before, when she came to him crying, sad, or depressed. Reiken and John can feel Hokuto's emotions, so warm and gentle, and yet, so distant. They can feel the very subtle shaking of his arms, like of someone holding something that is very dear, but can't be kept.
"My lady..." 
Hokuto loosens his hold on Lady Bleumenaux, in turn she tightens her grip on him for a few more seconds, then finally let go. She steps back with her head down, and turns her back to him. Hokuto waits for a while until she speaks.
"Hokuto, Reiken, we need to discuss something important," Lady Bleaumenaux turns back towards Hokuto, her face now completely different, showing a serious expression.
"Yes?"
"Now that you succeeded in becoming duke of Dorohoi, we can start to really help each other. And with your brilliant idea of a competition between the dukes, we can do this more freely."
"What do you mean?"
"We can combine our efforts to better achieve our purpose. It was wise of you to not have Reiken devote himself to the Goddess, the horns really make people anxious of us at first sight, but now I don't think it will get in the way if he grows horns. All we have to do is appeal to a few of the other dukes that our method is the best way to bring peace and prosperity to our nation, and one of us will be certain to be chosen as the victor. Two years might be a short time to spread the Goddess' teachings to so many people, but if we combine our efforts, we can easily do it."
"Oh no, man. I do not agree with this," John's voice is heard. "It was fine to use this religion thing a few times to solve problems, and it's fine to let the idiots who want to learn about this goddess thing to do it. But this woman wants us to go around making an effort to spread it to everyone else? I can't let you do it."
"I don't feel the same way that John does, but I don't agree with the religion either. It's not the ideal that I believe is best for the nation," Reiken also states his opinion.
"Hokuto? What is it? Is something wrong?" Lady Bleaumenaux asks.
"... Yes. Unfortunately, I can't answer you yet about our alliance."
"What? Why? Is Reiken getting in the way?" Bleaumenaux stiffens.
"... You could say that."
"Then we need to solve this problem, Hokuto. We can just change your host. Don't let him get in the way of our mission."
"Things have changed, my lady. I can't betray Reiken now, I don't want to. I'm going to try to convince him to accept our alliance, and our method."
"Hokuto, this is very important, not just for us, but for all the people of our nation. You can't let this kid influence you now."
"Kid? Is she serious? Isn't she younger than me? Come on."
"Ha ha."
"Hokuto! What are you laughing about!"
"I'm sorry, it's just that he gets a little upset sometimes, being called a kid all the time."
Bleaumenaux sighs. "I see. You spent so much time with him, never apart from each other, sharing the same body. You must have become attached to each other."
"I have. I've gotten quite used to his body as well."
"Ok. Then do it your way. I trust you, Hokuto. Convince him about our alliance. When you do, just send someone to give me the message, and we can arrange another meeting."
"I will."
Bleaumenaux relieves her stiffness, swapping it to gentleness, staring straight into Hokuto's eyes.
"Farewell."
"Farewell, my lady."
Hokuto leaves the room, finding Albert standing next to the door.
"Albert."
"Hokuto," Albert turns to him and stares him in the eye. "Hokuto, I really hope we don't have to become enemies."
"I certainly wouldn't want to be your enemy, considering I know what you're capable of."
"Ha," Albert smiles. "At least I can see you're still the same."
Hokuto just smiles back at him, and bids him farewell. As he turns his back to leave, he can't maintain his smile. "I'm not the same, I've changed," Hokuto whispers to himself. He wished to say that to Albert, but he thought it was better not to.

***

Seigan Larx

Hokuto heads back to his room, intent on resting for the night. Before entering, he gives control of the body back to Reiken. Getting inside, Marcelo approaches him to talk.
"Duke Reiken. I have a message for you."
"Message? From whom?"
"Master Seigan was here, I had a short conversation with him, but don't worry, it's not because of me having deserted him and joining you. He just wants to talk with you about something."
"Hum, I can sort of imagine why he wants to talk with me."
"So, are you going?"
"Yes, I'll go."
"Can I come along?"
"Sure, I think I would feel better if you were with me."
When they are about to leave, Christiana appears from another part of the room.
"Are you leaving again, Reiken?"
"Yes, I'll be back soon."
"Can I join you this time?"
"No, please stay."
"... Ok."
Reiken and Marcelo leave together to go meet Duke Seigan Larx. Marcelo leads the way since Reiken doesn't know which room he is staying. When they arrive, they find a strong-looking woman next to the door, laid with her back to the wall and with arms folded. Noticing them, she fixes her posture.
"Duke Reiken, Master Seigan has been waiting for you. Please, come in."
She opens the door and Reiken and Marcelo get inside without saying anything. The woman comes inside after them and closes the door. They find Duke Seigan Larx seated by a table, and another strong-looking man standing further away.
"Young Reiken! I'm glad you came. And Marcelo is with you."
"Master Seigan." Marcelo responds to him.
"Come here, have a seat," Duke Larx gestures for Reiken to sit in a chair in front of him.
Reiken gets closer and takes a seat as requested. It's a small round table, so they are fairly close to one another. Marcelo stands still next to Reiken.
"You're being very quiet, say something."
"Sorry." Reiken doesn't know what to say.
"You don't need to be apprehensive about me, you can take it easy."
"Master Seigan hates formalities, and he may really look intimidating to others, but he is actually pretty easy-going, when he is not mad," Marcelo tells Reiken.
"Ha ha, this guy knows me well."
"Sorry, it's not that I'm intimidated, I just really didn't know what to say."
"I see, but you can really just be at ease with me. Anyway, since it's already pretty late and you don't seem to just want to have a chat, I'll go straight to the point. I like you, Reiken. I don't know if Marcelo mentioned this to you, but today was not the first time that I talked to him after he deserted me to join you. I heard his side of the story and I allowed him to stay with you, along with all the warriors that follow him, without any repercussions. Consider it a gift from me, out of respect to you. I also wanted to hear stories about your deeds of these past months. You get things done, and this is why I like you, because you see, I get things done too. Sometimes not in the most acceptable way, but I do what I must."
"I understand what you mean."
"This idea of a competition between all the dukes that you suggested was quite smart. But you must know, since the real point we set for actually appealing to the other dukes, none of us will be able to succeed without making some form of alliance. If anything, that old man already has an advantage over the others."
"What do you mean?"
"Didn't you know? That Duke Ney guy may look all wise and reserved, speaking in everyone's best interest, but he is actually an ally of Royan. He managed to change your idea from leaving the decision to the people to leave the decision to us while making it sound better, but he knew that they would have an advantage."
"I didn't know about this."
"I've been trying to gather information on all the dukes, their strengths, and their weaknesses. After all, I'm determined to change this whole nation to a better place. If you help me, I'm certain we can change it together."
"So you want me to become your ally."
"You can consider it just a partnership, towards the same goal."
"You sound pretty convincing, but I'll have to think well about this decision. Things are usually more complicated than what we want them to be."
"Of course. A wise decision, think well about this. Come visit Salonta sometime if you want, I'll show you around and we can talk about this again."
"I might do that. Excuse me, then," Reiken gets up from his chair. "And thank you for letting Marcelo stay with me."
"No problem."
"Master Seigan," Marcelo bows to him.
Reiken and Marcelo leave the room together and start heading back.
"Duke Reiken. I think it could be a good idea to work with Master Seigan, he is very strong-willed and determined, he would be a great ally to us."
"I understand this, Marcelo, but I really can't make this kind of decision easily."
"I know that, I'm just giving you my opinion, since I know him well."
"Alright, thank you for your help."
"It's my pleasure."
"Personally, I also like how the man thinks," the voice of John is heard inside Reiken, "we should really consider an alliance with him. If we truly want results, he might be just the ally that we need."
"It's not a matter of just wanting results," Hokuto responds, "it's also extremely important to know how we want to achieve those results. Even if we do bring peace to the whole nation with his methods, it could be at a high cost."
"And it's because people are always overly thinking this, that they don't achieve anything in the end."
"It is no achievement if it follows with regret."
"Anyway, let's just rest for tonight and think about this later," Reiken says.
"Huh? Oh, sure," Marcelo responds, thinking Reiken had talked to him.
Reiken and Marcelo return to their room, they'll spend the night in this fort since it is so late, and journey back to Dorohoi in the morning. Reiken will sleep for the remaining of the night, but the others will sleep in turns so two of them can stand guard, just in case.

***

Jesse

The next morning, Reiken and his companions prepare to journey back to Dorohoi. When they leave the fort, they find Duke Jesse and his companions outside, apparently also about to leave, but when he sees Reiken coming out of the fort, he starts walking towards him.
"Reiken, can we talk?"
"Jesse! Of course. I've been really wanting to talk to you, quite a long time ago."
"Can we talk while taking a walk, then?"
"That sounds like a good idea."
"Again?" Christiana, standing next to Reiken, asks him.
"It should just take a moment, wait for me, please."
Christiana sighs. "No problem."
Reiken and Jesse go take a walk by themselves, leaving all their companions waiting. They just walk around the fort, and when they are out of sight from the others, Jesse starts the conversation with a question he has been long meaning to ask.
"After all, Reiken, what is your connection with Slatina? Are you not working with them?"
The first thing that comes to Reiken's mind is to answer he has nothing to do with them, but that wouldn't be true. Although he personally doesn't have a real connection with Slatina, someone within him does. It seems that Duke Jesse hasn't done any research on Reiken's story, or he wouldn't ask this, if he did he would know of the rumor that Reiken fought for the Liberation Army during Slatina's invasion in Dorohoi, so Reiken decides it is better that he just tells this to Jesse now.
"I don't work for them, but I fought in their army when they invaded Dorohoi."
"So all that training with me in Bregoi was a lie. We were thinking you were talented, but you were actually already experienced with battles."
Ironically, it wasn't a lie, but Reiken can't explain why, so he just stays silent.
"Anyway, what are you planning to do now? You're the one that suggested that idea of a competition to see who is the best duke, so what are your plans? Have you made an alliance with any of the other dukes?"
"No, not yet."
"You don't have an alliance with Slatina?"
"... Not really."
"But you plan to?"
"... Personally, I don't want to, but it's not just up to me. I want to do what is best for everyone."
"... I see," Jesse smiles. "Yeah, I can understand that, sorry if I sounded too judgemental."
"Don't worry, I understand."
"It must be immature of my part, but what happened was so horrible, I couldn't help feeling angry, angry at those horned people. You know, after that battle, and after the meeting last year, that woman Bleaumenaux tried to personally come to Dorohoi to apologize, and to offer assistance in rebuilding the village or something, but I rudely refused her. She kept trying to convince me to let some horned people enter Dorohoi, but I never would. Even after I calmed down, gathered more information about this religion thing, and thought about it, I still don't like it."
"I know what you mean."
"You do?"
"Yeah, I think. It's like, the religion is trying to teach people of all these things, making it sound like it is the real truth, like the people don't need to think anymore about certain things. But it makes me feel like some of our freedom is taken away with it. The reason to live, our purpose, our motivations, this is something every person should find out by themselves."
"Exactly, you do get it. This religion is just not what I want for my people. I think every person's value and worth should be measured by their deeds and effort. One of the first things I noticed from what I learned about this religion, is how it says that everyone is equal, but that just can't be right."
"Like it takes away some of our individuality."
"Yes, something like that. Our individuality, and our personal beliefs. I think everyone should find their own reasons, and fight for what they believe in. That's the kind of mind I think people should have."
"I really admire that strength that people can have, I always admired you most of all. I also found many other impressive people that think in the same way that we do, but I don't know if I'm capable of leading Dorohoi upholding this ideal, it should be even harder if it has to be the whole nation."
"You need to show people good examples, and results. You need to BE this good example."
"Being a good example hasn't been sufficient sometimes, some people just won't change, they don't learn. It might be that I just didn't have the right words to say, or maybe nothing I said could make any difference. Either way, certain times I just had to rely on this religion to solve some problems with the people, and even then, there were times that it still wasn't enough, and we had to resort to violence."
"... I understand, but I want to do it my way, even if it isn't bringing the results that I want. I will stick to my method until the end, not losing any hope."
"I want to be your ally, Jesse, and your friend, but I need to discuss this with the others."
"Heh," Duke Jesse smiles.
"What?"
"You've changed, from what I remember about you."
"... Yeah, I have."
"Alright, Reiken. But even though we can't pledge an official alliance, let's still be friends, you and me."
"Of course!"
Reiken and Jesse smile, and shake hands. They look like great friends, the same height, same age, same young looks. They go back to their companions, and they part ways, each on a different direction. Reiken begins his journey back to Dorohoi, spending its time thinking deeply about what he heard from all the meetings he had with the other dukes. All three of them are deeply reflecting about what they want to do, because soon may come the time that they will really have to work their differences out.

***

The moment of decision

After having returned to Destonea, the moment they find themselves alone in their room Reiken, Hokuto and John have a conversation of the greatest importance. Knowing that this moment would come, it is time to decide what kind of person they want to be, what they want to represent to the people. They need to do something about this competition with all the dukes and all three of them want to see how far they can go, what they can accomplish, what they can become. They want to take part in the future of the nation, and know that it was the decisions they made that led it to that future. But they know they can't do it alone, if they want to take have a chance in this competition, they will need help from the other dukes, and there is only one way to gain that help.
"We all agree that we won't be able to accomplish much without making any alliance or partnership, and considering how all the dukes think so fundamentally differently, we can't befriend many of them at the same time," Hokuto has started the conversation. "So what do we do?"
"I want to make an alliance with Jesse," Reiken says.
"I think we should ally with Duke Seigan Larx," John says.
"I thought so... and I want to remain faithful to Lady Bleaumenaux."
"Obviously," John answers. "But I certainly don't plan on letting you do that. You seriously think that this religion thing can bring the people together and all, but we already know that isn't true. It doesn't stop the people from being greedy or arrogant, what happened to my village is proof of that."
"That is true," Reiken says.
"Of course that is true," Hokuto says, "I'm not saying it will certainly change everyone. Teachings are just teachings, the people still have the choice of not wanting to learn or accept them. Besides, every person is different, you can't stop an arrogant person from being arrogant, just by saying that arrogance is bad."
"Then what's the point? Why should we try to spread the religion to the whole nation?"
"The Goddess is real, Reiken, the religion is just understanding it. It is knowledge."
"You say it is knowledge, but I also heard the preaching, and there are some things that I just can't agree on. There can't possibly be any point to life besides the act of living itself. We are born and we live, and we are all free to choose what it is we wish to live for, there can't be any other purpose to it."
"Your way of thinking is admirable, Reiken, it truly is. But the fact is that some people, or actually, most people, just don't want to have to think for themselves, they prefer that the answers are given to them."
"Giving the same answers to every person? You know well that there is never just one truth to things, I learned that from our experience together after all. That is why I disagree on the religion, every person is different, and as such, they need to find the answer for themselves."
"If you're giving incentive to the idea of individuality, know that you'll always find people that will believe they can be selfish, more deserving than the others, and new problems will always arise. If you want peace, it is best that everyone believes they are equal, all deserving of the same treatment."
"But is it true? Is everyone equally deserving of the same treatment?"
"Obviously not," John re-joins the conversation. "I agree with Reiken about people's individuality , and even you said that people are fundamentally different, Hokuto. That means that there are people that simply are arrogant, or selfish, who can easily trample over other people to acquire what they want, and that's just how they are. I admit the religion has successfully changed many people to more acceptable behaviors, but it won't work on everyone, there will be numerous people that just won't want to accept this religion. But I also think Reiken is a big fool for believing that we can change people by representing good examples, and so is Duke Jesse. Considering that individuality of people, the only way we'll really bring peace is with order, with control. People will think twice before abusing others if they know chances are high that they will be caught and punished."
"You have a good argument, John, and I agree with you in certain points. But that attitude brings repercussions. If you force order you might earn their disrespect with it. And if people don't respect us, they won't follow us. Eventually, they might even try to fight back."
"Certainly you're not saying that with the religion we will gain people's respect."
"I'm not saying that, I'm just thinking of the religion as the best method to be used, at least as far as you two care about. Religion can't solve every problem, none of our methods can, but it should still make it easier to deal with the problems that we'll have. Even if there will still be people wanting to abuse others for their own selfish reasons, we'll just have to deal with them specifically."
"So that is how you think about the religion, huh?"
"I do believe in the Goddess and her teachings. Besides, I'm here thanks to her, and so are you."
"Though I recognize the efficiency of both your methods," Reiken says, "and I might be naive for saying this, I still want to fight for a future where people have a chance to be free and fight for their goals. A future where people can be taught to be strong, willed and respectful. I'll fight to protect the great values of humanity. The people who achieve those values can then lead the others. Like Jesse did, and like Christiana was able to do as well. People will follow those showing strength and conviction."
"So beautifully said, and so optimistic, but what you want is chaos, Reiken, it's not order," John says.
"Truly, what you expect seems very unrealistic," Hokuto adds.
"Still, that's what I believe in, and that's what I would like to fight for."
"You are willing to fight for it?"
"Yes."
"Then let's do it."
"Huh?"
"Show me your will, Reiken, and you too John. Let us see which one of us has the greatest conviction, the true will to follow through our ideals. Focus hard on your desires for the future, and nothing else. Let's promise each other to follow the ideals of whoever has the strongest will. Whatever happens, we'll fight together for the same objectives."
"... Heh, you're either confident or very bold, Hokuto. So now you're willing to follow the one with the strongest will, even if it's me?" John says mockingly.
"If you believe in your method so much that you can beat my will, then I will follow you."
"Sounds fair."
"And what about you, Reiken?"
"... Alright, let the strongest will decide. Whatever happens, we'll be fighting together, and whatever future this lead us to, we can still fix any situation we create if we all agree on it."
"Yes, we'll be fighting together, without conflict."
"Then, shall we?" John says anxiously.
"I'm ready when you are," Reiken answers.
"Alright then," Hokuto says.
Two seconds later, Reiken suddenly falls to his knees, struck by a brutal headache. It's like the body doesn't know what command to follow, being given different simultaneous orders. His body is sweating, and all his muscles ache, but none of them are going to stop pushing it. Reiken, Hokuto and John are fighting a battle, a battle of tremendous importance. Whoever opens his eyes first, may very well be the person who will be the key-piece in the future of the nation.

***

What path would you choose?

Do you believe there exists a God who is watching over us, loving all of us equally, trying to protect us, hoping that we will walk a path of righteousness so he can welcome us in His arms when we die? If people knew that God existed for sure, would everyone try to follow His directives in order to receive His grace?
Do you believe that people are so different and unpredictable, that the only way to truly have order is with control? Would you say that our differences can never really be settled, and it's necessary to enforce laws to repress us?
Do you believe that people can be taught to have good values, and strong leaders can lead the others into righteous paths? Would you say that if great ideals are upheld for a long time, people would get influenced by it and slowly change for better?
There is never just one answer. There is never just one truth. I believe the people can be so fundamentally different, that there will be things about each other that we'll never be able to comprehend. Some things people love, and other people hate, and though we can try to understand why they love it, we are unable to feel it, so we can never truly understand it, but we are still capable of accepting it. I believe individuality is a beautiful thing, I love it. If people can understand that these differences between us are real, then even when it doesn't make sense to us, we can still accept it. It's hard to tell others how they should live their lives. Even if you don't agree with someone's else opinion, try to enrich your life by just learning their perspective. Life is easier and more pleasant when you stop judging and start being more comprehensive, as it can avoid many unnecessary conflicts.
When you talk about feelings, the answers are always vague. Feelings are a relative concept, they are bound to perspective. Our differences can generate many conflicts between us. Even in our home, in our family, we create conflicts because of our differences. It's hard to understand other people's values, their reasoning or motives. It takes effort and a broad mind and view. Don't easily assume you understand what others think, why they do the things they do. You can base your thinking on your own life, but don't assume that it is the only way of thinking.
I think reassuring oneself is the first step to start growing up. Believe in your ideals, and don't condescend others in theirs. Write your own history as you desire, protect your wishes, and sustain your dreams. If you aren't being able to fulfill your dreams, then become the dream yourself, transform your life into something you can live for. Remember, even the shittiest life can be decently fun if you live. Miracles don't exist unless we are put into a position to believe them.

# # # # #

Thank you for reading

I'm not proud to say that this book took me a long time to get done. It shares a history of years of my life, between downs and high ups, I have evolved along with its story. I'm very proud to see it complete, and even more proud to have it be read. I very much hope you have enjoyed reading this book, and was able to share a little emotion with it. The story was built around the idea of the differences people have with each other. I myself am always regarded as a strange and hard to understand person. But I endorse people being different, to really be themselves. I find every intricacy of each person to be very intriguing. I invite everyone to come join in a discussion about these differences. Tell other people about your own experiences and perspectives in my blog www.choices-ebook.blogspot.com. If you enjoyed the book and believe it has any value, please write a review about it at the publisher store, I would be extremely grateful. Preferably at Amazon and Smashwords.


About the Author

Peter Müller (Pedro Munhoz Müller) is a young (I like to believe so) man still trying to find his place in the world. A constant daydreamer, he hopes to use his ideas to touch people's hearts and minds, and to one day achieve the acceptance of his father.


Connect with me online

Blog
Twitter
Facebook
Google+
Email

