


Chosen of the One
Book 1 of The Redemption



By Clyde B. Northrup

Smashwords Edition

Copyright © 2012 Clyde B. Northrup.



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



To my brothers, who started, unknowingly, this train. . . .
Author’s Preface

1The novel that follows, an epic fantasy and first in a series, contains the beginnings of a long and complex story that takes place in a world very different from our own.  Some elements will feel familiar; the characters & situations should also be familiar, although the names and professions sound alien to our contemporary world.  This work, like all works of fantasy, requires an extra investment on the part of the reader, and the learning curve is steep in this first volume, introducing a new world, new races, new professions, new creatures, and a new language with its own quirks.  I beg the reader’s patience and encourage the reader to ‘press on’–the reward in the end will be worth the investment.  This volume has gone through many different iterations, all of them critiqued by readers of fantasy, and their suggestions have helped increase both clarity & access; note also that this book includes a glossary that will aid in understanding these new elements.  I have also posted a searchable version of the glossary on my website at http://clydebnorthrup.webs.com under the “Documents” tab that can be downloaded and searched at the reader’s leisure (perhaps while reading the story), along with other information relevant to this (and other future stories).  Please visit the site and enjoy what has been (and will be) posted there for the reader’s benefit.

The story that follows could have taken place on our world, in the far distant past, perhaps before the last ice age, or on another world, or in another dimension; it is a reader turned scholar turned author’s attempt to tell an epic story, a tall tale, a “lie breathed through silver,” an exercise of the “noble art of lying,” a reflection of the one true ‘fairy-story’, to whom I owe everything and express my undying gratitude for the gift, the means, and the opportunity to share this story.  May the reader find as much joy in the reading as I have in the creation!

Clyde B. Northrup
December 2012
Table of Contents

Prophecy of the Chosen
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Glossary

Prophecy of the Chosen


At the center of the ages come those chosen of the One, they who will end Gar’s dominion; two from my own order: one more powerful than all others, doubled of another; one who opens the forbidden way, sprung from my home; one from Karble, myth reborn, dear to the people, bearing the living waters; one from Melbarth, fire of logic burning in his mind; three from the new order, one king, one queen, mirroring each other, one aperu slayer, sacrifice for another; and the cunning mouse, who penetrates all secrets; all maimed and marked by the burden of their choosing.
Darkness and evil go with them, light guides them, rumor precedes them, destruction and disturbance follow them; choose to aid them to suffer, choose to oppose them to die. . . .
Prophecy of Shigmar




Prologue

. . . and Gar went forth with a servant
 taken from the corrupted wedoram
stealing thought-giver, ranging across time
to inscribe his mark, his sign of evil
upon hands, hearts and minds
of the CHOSEN OF THE ONE. . . .

from “The Great Year,” a song cycle by Sir Kovar, written Atno 3553

Atno 3500, Spring
The old peddler pulled sharply on his reins, calling loudly to his mule, needing to shout to be heard over the pounding rain.  He set the brake on his cart when his mule staggered to a halt, its iron-shod hooves clattering and slipping on the cobblestones, slick from the downpour.  The old wethi lifted one arm to shield his face from the rain, his head turning this way and that, his bright blue eyes trying to pierce the darkness and find the source of the sound that had caught his attention.  He found the boy hiding behind an overflowing waterbarrel, his too large feet, along with his sobs, giving him away.
“Come out of there, boy!” the peddler called above the sound of the rain.
The bare, and filthy, feet shifted, as if he were trying to pull them out of sight, but the boy did not rise or answer.
“Don’t be foolish, boy!” the peddler called again.  “I know you hide behind that waterbarrel; come out, and I can help you!”
The dirty, overlarge feet finally disappeared; a smile quivered on the old peddler’s lips.
“Fine, then.” the peddler said.  “I’ll be leaving town now, and I’ll leave you to your fate.  A pity, truly, since I could have helped you.”  He grinned to himself, then released the brake on his cart, preparing to shake the reins.
“You can’t leave town now,” a piping voice spoke from behind the waterbarrel, “the gates are closed!”
The old peddler ignored the boy, shaking his reins; the mule started to move, its hooves clopping loudly on the cobblestones, the motion of the mule jerking the cart forward.  When he felt the boy jump onto the back of his cart, the old peddler smiled widely, revealing the hint of a much younger wethi.
“You better get out of those wet rags and dry off,” the peddler called over his shoulder and under the tarred canvas covering his cart.  “I left out some clothes that should fit,” he went on, “better than those rags you’ve been wearing, along with some sturdy shoes, and some bread and cheese–I expect you are hungry–little boys are always hungry.”  The old peddler smiled again, then raised his right hand.  An archway of white light opened in front of the mule, an archway large enough for both the mule and the cart to pass through; the mule plodded through, stepping off the cobblestones and onto the hard packed dirt of a country road, out of the downpour and into a night free from rain, the sky clear and the stars shining brightly overhead.  Rolling hills surrounded the country road, hills that were neatly ploughed and covered with new shoots.  The peddler lowered his hand once the cart had passed through, closing the archway, and lowered his hood, revealing shoulder-length, wavy gray hair that glittered in the light of a quarter moon.
The boy poked his head out of the canvas, revealing an unruly mass of dark red hair.  “The rain st–” he began in his high, piping voice, stopping as suddenly as the rain, his eyes widening in fright.  His mouth fell open.  “How did . . . but we were. . . ?” he twisted his head around, trying to see behind the cart.
The peddler turned and smiled at the boy reassuringly.  “Now, what were you telling me about not being able to leave at night?” he asked.
“How did you get out?” the boy asked, and then went on, not able to wait.  “Did you make the rain stop?  Are you a . . . maghi?” he asked the last in a hushed, almost reverent voice.
The peddler laughed, a musical, boyish sound.  “Have you gotten dressed yet?” the peddler asked.
The boy nodded, looking with new awe on the peddler.
“Did you get something to eat?”
The boy shook his head, still staring at the peddler.
The peddler sighed and shook his head.  “You won’t listen very well if you are starving,” he said, “so grab the bread and cheese, and jug of water, a blanket for warmth, and sit beside me while you eat, then we can talk.”
The boy did as instructed, returning with food, water, and blanket, climbing out of the cart and sitting down beside the peddler then beginning to wolf down the bread and cheese, occasionally drinking from the water jug.
“Easy, boy,” the peddler said, “you’ll make yourself sick, eating like that!” he exclaimed, then he laughed and waited for the boy to finish.  The boy’s hands were as large as his feet, and he had a gangly build that promised he would someday be tall; he looked to be about four years old, maybe older, but he had a mind that was sharp for his age, always asking thoughtful questions.
“Feel better now?” he asked.
The boy nodded.
“Why weren’t you with the other urchins?”
“They threw me out.”
“Why?
“Cuz I got caught–we’re not supposed to get caught,” and when the peddler looked quizzical, he added, “it’s one of our rules.”
The peddler sighed and fell silent for several moments.  The mule plodded on, winding among the brown hills, the scent of newly turned earth strong.  The peddler’s cart creaked only a little; the boy finally broke the silence.
“You never told me how you left the city,” he said, “or how you stopped the rain, or if you’re a maghi.”
The peddler chuckled.  “Little boys have an insatiable curiosity,” he quoted a popular saying, then smiled down at the boy.  “Do you have a name, boy?” he asked, not answering his questions.
“Everyone calls me Tam.”
The peddler shook his head.  “That’s not right,” he replied, stunning the boy.
“But I don’t have any other name,” the boy protested.
The peddler laughed, the boyish, musical sound that belied his apparent age.  “Not yet, boy, but soon you will,” he continued to laugh, and the hint of a much younger person was clearly visible on his face and in his laughing blue eyes, “and soon you will be found by your true parents, who will raise you to be who you were meant to be.”
The boy’s face wrinkled.  “That doesn’t make any sense,” he said to himself, then spoke louder, “I don’t understand,” he admitted.
“No,” the peddler replied, “nor will you remember this conversation, but you will remember that an old peddler brought you to the village up ahead, taught you some minor ortheks, and left you in the care of those who will look out for you.”
“So you are a maghi,” the boy concluded.
“No, not in the sense that you think,” he replied, “but I know a few tricks I can teach you, like how to make a root rise up and trip someone, or how to make your voice sound like a hundred people.”
The boy’s face wrinkled again in thought.  “But I never forget anything that happens to me,” he said.
“Really?” the peddler replied.  “Do you remember your mother’s name?” he asked.
The boy opened his mouth, then closed it suddenly; his small, oval face colored brightly.
“You see,” the peddler went on, “you can forget things, and you will forget our conversation, remembering only what I have told you.  Now I think you should get some sleep.”
“But you haven’t taught me the ortheks,” the boy protested.
The peddler grinned but did not look down at the boy.  “I already have,” he replied, “but you will not remember that I have until you need to, which will not happen for many years yet.”
“But how will I find my parents?” the boy protested again.
“You don’t need to worry about that,” the peddler answered, “they are my servants, and they will find you, soon.”
“But . . . ,” the boy tried again.
“No more buts tonight!” the peddler interrupted the boy.  “Now, crawl back into the cart and get some sleep!”
The boy yawned widely, a look of surprise in his eyes that was quickly replaced by sleep; he shook himself, then crawled through the flap and disappeared inside the cart.  The peddler smiled to himself.  “They really are wondrous,” he whispered to himself, glancing over his shoulder and knowing that the boy was already fast asleep.

Atno 3524, “The Great Year,” Early Spring
The central hall of the school of the white maghem was dark and silent but for the soft glowing and humming of the protective ortheks surrounding the artifacts displayed around this large, airy chamber.  Pillars of white marble supported the vaulted ceiling, high overhead; the night sky was visible through the many narrow windows high in the walls, and one shaft of moonlight fell upon a single display case at the precise center of this wide, round room.  Gems glittered, reflecting the thin shaft of light, but the platinum rod appeared dull gray, the satin cushion cold silver in the light of the moon.  The crystal case pulsed and hummed, the many elemental forces that surrounded and protected it just visible, evidence of the many complex ortheks that secured the rod that lay within, and only the sedra knew how to remove them all.  The rod belonged to Melbarth, the founder of the white order, after whom the city, school, and order were named, a maghi who lived more than three millennia before.  All the students and masters of the school passed through this room and passed by this crystal case many times each day, a reminder of what they could achieve, but it was also a reminder of what they had lost, for none today could make a rod or a staff that was its equal, the knowledge of its making lost.  At this hour of the night, some two hours past midnight, nothing stirred within the hall.
In the shadows of a nearby marble pillar, an archway of deeper shadow, like a piece of the elemental Void, silently opened; two hooded and cloaked figures stepped out.  Had anyone been in the hall to notice the strange manner of their arrival, this student, master, or hierarch would have only noticed that one of them walked on booted feet, for the hard sounds of boots stepping across the marble floor, and that the other did not wear boots, or shoes of any kind, for the sound of its footfalls was like the sound of hands gently flapping on stone.  The two figures stopped in front of the crystal case, pausing for only a moment.
“Pathetic,” the taller, booted figure whispered in a voice filled with derision.  He waved one hand carelessly over the crystal case; the pulsing light and humming sounds ceased at once.  The figure made a lifting gesture with his hand and outstretched arm, and the case opened; the ornately carved platinum rod rose out of the satin cushion and into the outstretched hand of the second figure.  The hand of this figure, however, was nothing like the first: the skin was pale green, and the hand was narrow and longer, with only two fat fingers and a thumb, and all three digits were lined with round indentations, like some kind of sea creature.  The rod started to glow with an angry red light, the huge diamond atop the rod lit with bloody light, but the figure now holding the rod spoke some words in a voice that hissed and bubbled, with an oddly muffled quality, causing the angry light to fade slowly and finally wink out, becoming again its former dull gray in the strange, green-skinned hand, with only a tiny pinpoint of red light still visible at the center of the eye-shaped diamond that formed the platinum rod’s apex.
“Hold up the rod,” the first figure growled.  He waved his hand again, and an exact copy of the rod appeared on the white satin cushion within the crystal case.  The figure waved his hand across the crystal case, the case closed, and the humming, pulsing protective ortheks re-activated.  “We must go,” he noted, “there is work that we must perform now that we have that rod.”
“Yes,” the second hissed, a note of exultation in his strange voice, “there is nothing I cannot do with this rod.”
The first figure whipped around and grabbed the second by the neck, lifting the second off the ground.  “Never forget,” he growled, “that you would not hold that rod without me!  If you ever betray me, Motodu, I will destroy you!”  Two points of red light flashed from inside the shadows of the first figure’s hood, and the eye-shaped diamond atop the rod flashed red in response.  His voice, nearly a shout, quieted as suddenly as it had risen in volume.  “I am your master: never forget that.”  The first figure dropped the second back onto the marble floor, the feet slapping hard, the sound echoing around the chamber.  For one brief moment, when the first figure turned and stalked away, the second raised the rod, the light in the diamond turning a sickly green and glowing brightly.  “Are you certain, Motodu,” the first asked without turning, as he reopened the black archway, “that you have sufficient command of that rod to face me?  Only the chosen with all three keys could hope to do that, powerful though you think you are; I suggest you stop courting oblivion so that we can take care of what we need to before the rod rejects you.”  Gar cast a half-glance back over his shoulder.  “Unless you’d like me to leave you here, in the middle of Melbarth’s school?  I could set off all those alarm ortheks and remove the duplicate rod: you’d be trapped here, caught with Melbarth’s Rod in your slimy hands, not even knowing that the rod itself could have allowed you to escape.”  He stepped into the black archway, grinning smugly to himself when he heard the sounds of Motodu’s feet slapping across the marble floor as the morgle ran to the black archway before Gar let it close.

Atno 3523, Late Spring
The small room with a simple cot was dark, with only a narrow beam of moonlight entering through a window that was hardly more than a slit in the stone wall.  Fast asleep on the cot lay a tall, thin young wethi whose mass of long hair obscured his face.  Out of the darker shadows of the room, two cloaked figures stepped through the shaft of moonlight to the head of the cot.  One figure raised a rod topped with an eye-shaped diamond that glittered coldly in the moonlight, then burst into life, emitting a sickly green light; the second figure held out his hands, which glowed with bloody light.
“There are two areas,” Gar, the figure without the rod, whispered, “in which the pattern must be altered, such that, when the time is ripe, those meddling fools will discover my symbol written into the very patterns of his mind and thoughts; thus will he be condemned with the others.”
“As you wish, my lord,” the figure with the rod hissed, and both of them reached forward with hands and the rod, but what they were doing could not be seen in the actions of their hands: their hands and the rod hovered motionless in the air over the head of the sleeping young wethi, the rod still glowing brightly.
After a few moments of silence, the figure with the rod spoke again.  “My lord, I thought that this one studied with his master,” he hissed, “not here at the school.”
“He is here to take their trials and to receive his rod,” the other replied, “which is why I moved to this moment to alter his mind, when he was out of sight of his master,” he added, not disguising his derision.
The figure with the rod thought about this for a moment and realized something, but he did not voice it, wanting to stay on his lord’s good side, for he knew that the sooner he did his lord’s bidding, the sooner he would be left alone to use the rod for his own purposes.  The young wethi on the cot groaned and started to turn.
“You are supposed to be keeping him asleep, Motodu,” Gar growled.
“Sorry, my lord,” Motodu replied, “but a thought just occurred to me: aren’t these sleeping cells also protected by ortheks that set off alarms if anyone enters or leaves?” Motodu asked as he used the rod to put the young wethi into a deeper sleep; the question was, he realized, foolish, but it was the first thing that came to his mind to cover his lapse.  He focused his thoughts on the question so that his master, if he tried to read it, would see only his concern for being caught in his mind.
Gar snorted.  “We did not enter or leave by the door,” he scoffed, “surely you should have realized this?”
“But wouldn’t his master have prepared for something like this?” Motodu countered, his voice hissing and bubbling.  “He is the best thinker and logician of the wethem since the maker of this very rod . . . ,” he started to say but was interrupted.
“Be careful, Motodu,” Gar noted, cutting him off, “your words reveal your sympathies, and sympathizing with my enemies will cost you everything,” he finished in a quiet but cold whisper.
These words made Motodu angry, so angry that, for a moment, he forgot to whom he spoke.  “Save your threats for your squealing servants!” he hissed.  “None of them could touch this rod, let alone use it!”  He stabbed the rod toward Gar; the light from the eye-shaped diamond flared bright green, reflecting Motodu’s anger.  “None of them could do what I’m doing to the minds of the chosen!  Do not threaten me, my lord!” he finished in a hissing whisper as cold and threatening as Gar’s had been.
A moment of silence followed, then Gar chuckled and pointed one finger at the dark space inside Motodu’s hood that must have been right between his eyes.  “Motodu,” he laughed, “you’d better learn to control your tongue, especially in my presence.  The next hint of such insolent behavior from you, and this is the last thing you will ever see: the end of my finger pointing directly between your eyes, because what will follow will be a piece of the Void, and you will be instantly obliterated.”  Gar lowered his hand and brought his face to within an inch of Motodu’s before he spoke again.  “Understand?” he asked in a barely audible whisper, and when, after a moment, Motodu gave a slight nod, Gar pulled back his head.  “Then let’s finish this one so we can move on to the next.”
Motodu bit his tongue and turned back to the mind of the young wethi, now sleeping deeply on the cot before them.

Atno 3523, Late Spring
On the northeast edge of the village of Artowgar, all was silent on the farm; even the large, farm cats sat still, eyes glowing brightly in the moonlight as they watched for vermin.  Inside the house, the family slept peacefully, although in one small room, a candle burned on a small writing desk where a thin, dark-haired young wetha sat poring over her lessons, working in secret so that neither her family, nor the young maghi she fancied, and who was the apprentice of her mistress’s husband, had any idea of what she studied, tutored by the matron of the tower nearly twenty miles to the west of her village.  The work was difficult, and even more so for having to keep it concealed from all others until the time was right; it made for long, weary days, and longer nights with little time for rest, but she kept herself going with an image of the look on the young maghi’s face when she revealed to him that she, too, could use elemental forces.  Her mistress had told her it was important, vitally important, for her to learn the art.  She glanced at the candle and saw that it had burned down to her mark; she finished what she was working on, whispered a word to hide her books and parchment, blew out the candle, and got wearily into bed.  As she drifted off to sleep, she smiled, thinking of the shocked look on his face the first time she would cast an orthek in his presence.  She thought she should wait until after they were joined, and they were alone for the first time; she wondered if there was a orthek to make one’s clothes fly off. . . .
Two figures stepped out of the darkness and into her room; without a word, the taller of the two hooded and cloaked figures nodded, and the shorter held out a rod that glowed with green light.  The two stood for a minute next to her head, silent and motionless; the young wetha sighed in her sleep, the smile replaced by a pained look.  The two turned their backs on her, the light atop the rod winked out, and they stepped back into the darkness from which they had come.


Chapter 1

Only a great fool, one in utter despair or in absolute desperation trusts the word of a methaghi.

Anonymous saying among the seklesem.

Atno 3523, Late Winter
A tall, cloaked, young wethi looked furtively around the darkened street in the merchant district of Holvar.  It was two hours past midnight; no one moved along the dirty street but for a few rats and one mangy dog, sniffing around the refuse dotting the street’s edges.  The young wethi looked carefully along the street, eyeing all the windows and doors.  Seeing no signs that anyone watched him, he slipped silently into the narrow alley and climbed a flight of rickety stairs.  Each board creak caused him to wince and glance around, assuring himself that no one had noticed, that no curtain twitched back so someone could see who or what made the noise.  On reaching the building’s second floor, and the door at the top of the stairs, he tapped the door softly two times.  A tiny panel in the door slid open, and the young wethi gave the correct response.  The door opened enough so that he could slip inside, then the door closed quickly and quietly.
In the small, dark antechamber, the young wethi stood and threw back his hood; a beam of light from a carefully opened bull’s eye lantern showed his young face with the hint of a beard, sandy hair hanging to his shoulders, and bright blue eyes.
“Aaah,” a voice hissed, “the seklesi who wanted my master to answer an important question for him.  If your superiors knew you were here,” the voice continued in sibilant tones, “you could be expelled.”  Although the face behind the lantern was cloaked in shadow, the young seklesi sensed that the wethi holding the lantern was smiling widely.  “Follow me,” the voice said, covering the lens and turning away.  Now only a small, dark red beam of light illuminated the floor.
The young seklesi followed the dirty, booted feet down a short hallway.  The light stopped; a latch clicked and a door opened, flooding the hallway with bright light.  The young seklesi squinted in the sudden brightness, then moved slowly past the hooded figure holding the lantern and into the room.  The door closed behind him with an audible thunk.  The young wethi stood still, waiting for his eyes to adjust to the brightness.  He sensed that eyes were upon him, examining him from head to toe.  Once his eyes adjusted to the bright light, he saw a grey-cloaked figure sitting behind a desk between them; the figure’s hood covered both head and face, so that only a bit of grey beard and the end of a long nose were visible.  A silver chain hung around the figure’s neck, with a symbol resting at the center of the figure’s chest, a symbol the young wethi recognized as representing the methaghum.
“You wanted to purchase my services?” a deep, resonant voice asked.
“If the price is right,” the young wethi replied.
“What do you want to know?”
“The future of my second.”
“What precisely do you want to know about your second’s future?”
“Will she marry me?”
A slow chuckle resonated from the grey figure.  “That is a difficult and expensive question to answer, and the chances of the answer being wrong are great.  Also, she would need to be here, and she would have to agree with what we do.  The fact that you have come to me alone, seklesi, tells me she would not.  I can only look into your future, and we might see her in it, or we might not.  Do you want me to look into your future, seklesi?” the grey figure asked, the last word spoken almost with a laugh.
“I have to know,” the young wethi replied.
“You may be disappointed,” the methaghi noted wryly.
“How much?”
“100 ghelwum, all in advance.”
The young wethi choked.  “100 ghelwum?”
“Yes, and if you are not willing to give it to me right now, you will leave and never return to waste my time.  I may even tip off your superiors. . . .”
The young wethi interrupted him.  “All right!  Here is your money,” he said and tossed a bag onto the desk.
The grey figure picked up the bag and opened it, saw the gleam of gold, then slipped the bag into a pocket.  He waved his hand and a wooden chair appeared opposite him next to the desk.
“Sit down, seklesi.”
The young wethi sat.
“What is your name, seklesi?”
“Rokwolf.”
“Tell me about your family.”
“I am the younger of twin brothers; our mother died in childbirth; our father died a dozen years ago of an injury, just before I came to Holvar.  Our village, just to the north of Hoegart and on the shore of the West Sea, was attacked by pirates; my father was injured in the fight, and my older brother by three years was taken, along with several others.  We assume that he has died.”  The young wethi broke off.
“Your twin: are you identical?”
“No, he is of a heavier build, slightly shorter and with curly hair; he looks, we were told, more like our mother and I like our father.  Our older brother also looked more like our father and me.”
“Is your twin also a seklesi?”
“No, he follows the order of Shigmar, and he is just finishing his studies there.”
“Describe the wetha, your second.”
“She is lithe and well-formed, with dark eyes and blue-black hair, about a head shorter than I am.  She is from Dolvert, where her parents still live and are merchants.  She has a younger brother and sister; her brother trains to become a seklesi.”
“That should be sufficient.”  A large crystal globe appeared on the table between them.  The methaghi reached out with both hands and held them over the clear crystal; purple light glowed from his hands, and the crystal filled with dun colored smoke.  “Place both your hands on the crystal and concentrate on your second, the wetha.”
Rokwolf did as instructed.  The dun colored smoke swirled and formed the figure of his second, but there was a patch of darkness shrouding the right side of her face.  The view seemed to pull away from her, and he saw other figures coalesce from the smoke: his twin brother stood next to a shorter, green-robed figure with honey-flecked brown hair and green eyes: his twin’s new wife.
“You neglected to mention that your twin was married,” the methaghi said.
“I forgot,” Rokwolf replied.  “They were married last summer,” he added.
The grey figure sniffed.  More shapes appeared.  A tall, gangly, white-robed maghi, with wild red hair, and a thin, beautiful dark-haired wetha stood next to him, also clad in white robes; a shining gold kortexi, with straight, dark hair, and beside him a black-robed wetha with blonde hair and haunted, hollow eyes; a pair of awemem, like children next to the others, both with curly hair, his brown and hers blond, and garbed in black-leather that did not reflect the light; and finally, standing next to his second, he saw his older brother, but like his second, the left side of his older brother’s face was cloaked in shadow.  Just beyond them was another figure, hooded and cloaked, but the shadows clinging to this figure made the color of the cloak and hood indiscernible beyond some dark color; it was the figure of a tall, shapely wetha, with golden hair that he recognized as belonging to Klare’s best friend, Sutugno, and her presence and her dark colored robe troubled Rokwolf more than he wanted to admit.
“I sense that these people are, or will be, extremely important to you,” the methaghi said, “that they will each be part of your chosen group, your family, I think.”
“Why am I not there?”
“It could be that we are simply seeing the people who will become part of your family,” he said, “since the place is unspecific.  If we were witnessing an actual, future event, we would see a specific place.  Here, they are present but surrounded by shadows.”
The globe and table lurched suddenly, almost pulling his hands from the crystal; the scene flashed and winked out, replaced by a hand--his hand--gripping the handle of a sword shaped like the head of an aperu with brightly flashing red rubies for eyes, thrusting the sword into a skinless rib cage cloaked in black, red and blue flames erupted, filling the globe and bathing Rokwolf’s face in light that alternated between red and blue.  The sword exploded; his hand burned away, and his hands on the crystal globe felt suddenly hot.  Red light exploded from the crystal, knocking both figures back from the globe and desk.  Rokwolf’s chair tipped over, and he crashed onto the floor.  The methaghi was slammed into the wall behind the desk.  Rokwolf got to his feet and brushed himself off.
“What was that?” he asked.
The methaghi sat up in his chair, wheezing and struggling for breath.  “I . . . ,” he stammered, “I do not know, nor do I know from whence it came,” he finished, his face having lost its former look of arrogance, replaced by a look of abject fear.

Atno 3524, “The Great Year,” Early Spring
“Are the scouts returning?” Rokwolf asked his second, a pretty, lithe wetha with long, blue-black hair.
“Yes,” Marilee replied, “there is a large group of ghelem and purem to the east of our position.  The scouts report that they are led by a skeletal figure robed in black, the robe trimmed in red and gold.”
“Xythrax,” Rokwolf said to himself.
Marilee nodded.  “They appear to have divided into three groups,” she went on.  “One group, the largest and led by a trio of ponkolum, is moving north; the second, led by Xythrax, is moving directly toward us,” Marilee said.
“And the questing kortexi,” Rokwolf inserted, nodding to the flat-topped mountain rising out of the forest to the southwest.
“Yes,” Marilee replied, “but the third group, the smallest of the three, is led by what appears to be a morgle.”
“Are they certain?” Rokwolf asked.  “They usually do not move this far from the sea.”
“This one is odd,” Marilee said.  “The scouts say he must be some kind of maghi, as he carries a platinum rod through which he wields great power.”
“What is the composition of each group?” Rokwolf asked.
“The group led by the ponkolum,” Marilee answered, “consists of ghelem and purem only, five and three companies, respectively.”
“A legion–they must be up to something major,” Rokwolf said.  “Can we get a message to the companies around Artowgar?”
“Not before they reach the village,” Marilee replied, “if that is their target.”
“Well, let’s hope their scouts give them ample warning,” Rokwolf noted.  “They should be sufficient, if they have time to gather.  What about the group coming toward us?”
“Ghelem and purem,” Marilee said, “a company each, plus half-a-dozen black maghem and the same number of red kailum.”
“And Xythrax,” Rokwolf said, “we are outnumbered, and have insufficient maghem to counter theirs.  We will have to be careful, never fully engaging them if we can avoid it while whittling down their numbers.  We will have to move quickly.”
Marilee nodded.  “The third group,” she continued, “has only a handful of purem and some puram, enough to make a single squad, with another half-dozen red kailum; the morgle is the only maghi among them.”
Rokwolf unrolled a parchment on the ground in front of him; Marilee squatted beside him, pointing out the location of each group.
“Karasun!” Rokwolf spat.  “They could not possibly be heading to Lufkor,” he went on, “since the city is too well-protected.”  He tapped Lufkor on the map with one finger.  “Unless there are others already in place that we do not know about.  There is nothing else of note in that direction.”
“Melbarth,” Marilee said, “but they would have to pass through Lufkor to get to Melbarth.”
“I’d like to send half our group to deal with them,” Rokwolf said, “just so we could put them out of our minds.”
“They are certainly large enough,” Marilee said, “to deal with a single kortexi.”
“As long as they continue to the south,” Rokwolf said, softly, “they will be too far out of position to circle behind us.”  He thought for a moment.  “Send two of our scouts to follow them.  Order them to report on their movements, especially if they try and circle behind us.”
Marilee nodded.  “How soon do we expect the kortexi?”
“He will stop tonight in Artowgar,” Rokwolf said, “so he should reach the Mountain by mid-afternoon tomorrow.”
“Orders for the rest of our company?” Marilee asked.
“After sunset,” Rokwolf replied, “we will move east and sneak up to Xythrax’s camp.  Late in the third watch, we will attack the camp.  As soon as they organize to repel our attack, we will withdraw and separate into squads and make our separate ways back across the river, here,” he pointed to the map.  “From there we should be able to attack and withdraw again, keeping them busy until the midday, which should give the kortexi enough time to pass and beat them to the Mountain.”
“But what if it is a ruse,” Marilee suggested, “what if the morgle-led group sneaks around behind us?  We would be too far out of position to get back and help the kortexi.”
“That is why the scouts you choose should be our best, most experienced,” Rokwolf said.  “For them to get to the Mountain from where they are before the kortexi, they would have to turn west around sunset and march through the night.  If they stop to camp at sunset, we will know their plans.”
“Perhaps,” Marilee said.  “I think it would be wiser to keep three squads here, and let me lead two squads to harry them and withdraw as you suggested.”
Rokwolf shook his head.  “Very few of your two squads would return alive.”  He put a hand gently on her arm.  “I will not lose you.”
Marilee jerked her arm out of his grasp and stood.  “This is precisely why I refused you!  We cannot allow our personal feelings to get in the way of our mission.  Have you forgotten our orders?  We are to protect this kortexi at all costs: if that means I, and the two squads I take with me, must lose our lives, then so be it!  That is why we are here.”
“So,” Rokwolf said cooly, “you admit you have feelings for me.”
“I have never denied having feelings for you,” Marilee replied, “but they are the same kind of feelings I have for my brother, not the feelings for a mate.  Why won’t you listen?”
“You know what I saw,” he said, “in the vision: I saw you were to become part of my family.  Since my twin brother is already married, it can only mean that you and I marry, since there is no one else left of my family.”
“What about your missing older brother?” Marilee suggested.  “Maybe what you saw means I will marry him, not you.”
Rokwolf flinched at her mentioning Delgart.  “He is dead,” he said dully.
“You don’t know that,” she replied, “he could still be alive.”
“No one could survive twelve years a captive of pirates,” he said, getting angry.  “He died years ago, probably during the first year of captivity.”
“But you don’t know that,” Marilee implored.  “You need to put your personal feelings aside and fulfill the orders we were given, even if it means I must be sacrificed.”
“I saw something else,” he said softly, slowly, “I think I saw my death.”  He stopped and looked up, letting his last words sink in.
“How?” she hissed.
“In a fight with one of the purgle,” he replied.  “I believe it was Xythrax.”
She sat down hard, beside him.  “All the more reason for you to stay here, so that you do not face him.  Let me go, as I suggested.  I will delay him while you protect the kortexi.  Besides,” she continued in a softer voice, “I don’t trust grey oracles,” she touched his arm fondly, “they are wrong more than they are right.”
Rokwolf shook his head.  “The methaghi did not intend for me to see that vision; he was surprised by what happened.  I don’t think it was part of what he meant to show me; it was an image that I have dreamed of, over and over again since I was a small child.”
Marilee sighed and got slowly to her feet.  “I’ll go send off the scouts and prepare to move at sunset.”

“Xythrax’s company has not stopped for the night,” the out of breath scout reported just after sunset.  Rokwolf’s company had begun moving east.
“What are they doing?” Rokwolf asked.
“By now,” the scout said, “they are probably crossing the river, heading straight toward us.”
“Still the same group?” Rokwolf asked.
The scout nodded.
“Thank you,” Rokwolf said.
The scout saluted and left.  Marilee had come back from the forward position with the scout and now walked with Rokwolf.
“And the southern scouts?” he asked.
“We won’t hear from them for another two hours, at least,” Marilee replied.
“Which will be around the time we meet Xythrax’s company,” Rokwolf said.  “This is an odd move,” he mumbled to himself, “he has plenty of time, he does not need to rush forward.  Unless. . . .”  He thought for a moment, then looked at his second.  “We have to keep them out of the forest,” he said.
“I agree,” she replied.  “We would not be able to keep track of all of them once they enter the trees and hills: we are too few.  Send me ahead with two squads on horseback.  We will attack their flanks and slow them down, giving you time to get the three squads on foot into position.”
He nodded curtly.  “As long as you promise not to try and take Xythrax out on your own,” he said.  “Do not, for any reason, engage them.  Just slash at their flanks and withdraw, because we’ll need all of you once they reach the edge of the forest.”

Marilee nodded to the maghi riding beside her; the young wetha raised her rod and shot a small ball of white fire into the air.  Away to the south, they saw a similar ball of light floating in the air.
“Let’s go,” Marilee whispered to her squad.
They rode forward, slowly at first, then gaining speed as the edge of Xythrax’s company came into sight.  They turned parallel to the marching company within bowshot, and began loosing arrows into their ranks.  A few fell and were trampled by those who followed.  As her squad caught up to the front of the enemy, they wheeled away out of bowshot and were covered again by darkness.  When they were out of range and hearing, they slowed to a walk and turned to ride parallel to Xythrax’s company, giving their mounts time to rest and the enemy time to reform and continue marching west.  Her scout came riding out of the darkness to their west.
“They did not stop or even pause,” she said.
“Are you certain?” Marilee asked.
“As certain as one can be, in the dark,” she replied.  “It looked as if they took no notice at all of your flanking attack.”
“That is peculiar,” Marilee said.  “I wonder how the others are doing,” she mused.
The scout shrugged.  “If we start moving forward, we should be able to attack again.”
Marilee turned to the maghi.  “Send up another signal.”
The maghi complied, and after a few moments, they saw the answer.  The scout rode ahead to watch.
“Let’s go again,” Marilee said, urging her horse to a trot.  They gathered speed, came to within bowshot, loosing a second time.  A few more ghelem dropped and were trampled.  They wheeled away again, slowing to a walk when they were out of earshot.  The scout rode back a second time.
“The same,” she said.  “And, I could be wrong, but it looks like there were the same number of enemies marching as when we started.”
“What is going on?” Marilee asked.
The scout shrugged.  “I’ve never seen anything like it.”
“We have to slow them down,” Marilee said, “to give Rokwolf time to get into position first.”  She turned to the maghi.  “Send up a double ball.  Let’s ride into their midst and see if a few sword slashes get their attention.  Everyone be ready to flee, so do not get too far into their ranks.”  They nodded; the scout rode forward, while they urged their mounts to a trot, then a run.  Her squad crashed into the ghelem ranks, and she could hear the answering shouts of the second squad to the south.  Ghelem fell all around them, but their number did not diminish, and they took no notice of the attack.  For a moment, Marilee rode forward with their enemy, trying to understand what was happening, and then she knew.
“Retreat!” she shouted.  “Signal retreat!  It’s a . . . ,” but her voice was cut off suddenly; a net had fallen over her, and she was pulled from her horse.  Her mount, now riderless, followed the others as they fled both north and south, unaware that their leader had fallen from her horse, captured by the enemy.

Rokwolf arranged his three squads on a hill at the edge of the forest, directly in the path of Xythrax’s approaching company.  The fact that they had arrived first meant that Marilee had successfully delayed them.  Now they had only to wait.  A scout appeared out of the darkness, south and east of their position, riding hard.  He rode up the hill to where Rokwolf waited, leaping off of his horse before it had stopped.
“Captain!” he shouted.  “Xythrax’s company stopped about a half-an-hour east of here.  We executed the flanking maneuver, as ordered, but the enemy did not slow or turn to the side.  We tried riding into the edges of their ranks, but the enemy took no notice of us, and simply continued to march.”
“But you said they stopped,” Rokwolf said.
“They have,” the scout continued.  “After we rode in and attacked among their ranks, Marilee signaled a retreat.  We complied, but when the northern squad re-grouped, she was not with them.  That is when the enemy stopped marching.  We fear she has been captured.”
“Captured!” Rokwolf exclaimed.  “We must go and rescue her!”  He turned to his messenger.  “Order everyone to form up.”  His messenger nodded and left, spreading the order to each squad leader.  Rokwolf turned to go, when the sounds of a second horse, ridden hard, came from the south.  He turned and saw one of the southern scouts pounding up the hill toward him.  Like the first, he leaped from his horse before it had stopped.
“Captain!” the scout exclaimed.  “They have vanished!”
“What?  How did they vanish?  Did they give you the slip?” Rokwolf asked.
“No, sir,” he said panting.  “They stopped at sunset, then the morgle did something with his rod: it was like a grey, shimmering arch in the air.  They all stepped into the arch and disappeared, and a moment after he disappeared, the arch vanished.”
“Could any of you see where they went?” Rokwolf asked.
“It looked like a camp by a river, with mountains in the background,” the scout said.
“Any clue as to which mountains?”
“Sunset appeared to be to their left, with the mountains running directly behind.  I cannot be sure, but it looked like the river flowed out of the mountains.”
“The Iorn Gate,” Rokwolf said, “but that is far to the north.  How could they have teleported there?”  He thought for a moment before speaking again.  “It is only two hours past sunset,” he mused to himself, “there is still time.”
“Captain!” a voice shouted from his left and east, “they are coming!”
He looked to his left and saw ghelem appearing out of the darkness to the east.
“Captain!” another voice shouted from behind, “they are coming!”
He whipped around and saw more ghelem appearing out of the darkness to the north.  “How?  Where did they come from?”
But before anyone could answer, two more voices shouted for his attention, from the south and west, and he knew without turning what they would say.
“They are coming!” from the south, echoed by “They are coming!” from the west.
“Pull back and dig in!” Rokwolf shouted.  Somehow, he did not know how, Xythrax had managed to surround them.  He watched his company scramble up the slope and begin to dig in around the crown of the hill.  Scouts ran toward him led by his messenger.
“The scouts report,” his messenger began, “that we are only outnumbered by a single squad.  If we can hold out until the other two squads return, we should be able to gain the upper hand.”
“See to our perimeter,” Rokwolf said, “make sure no one attacks before they have a clear shot at the enemy.”
The ghelem and purem led by Xythrax ringed the hill.  A parley of black maghem led by Xythrax climbed the hill under a flag of truce, stopping just out of bowshot of Rokwolf’s lines.  Rokwolf went forward with his messenger and two swords from the command squad to speak to them.
“What do you want?” Rokwolf asked.
“You are surrounded,” Xythrax replied, “if you lay down your weapons, we will spare your lives.”
“And what assurance do I have that you’ll keep your word?” Rokwolf asked.  “I’ve never heard of your lot allowing surrender.”
Xythrax’s hood covered his face, so they could not see if he smiled, but his laughter grated on their ears, like the sound of old bones rattling in a bag.  “I never said what we would do to you after you surrender, I only said we would spare your lives.  There is something you need to see, and something I must do.”  He struck the ground with his rod, and they were suddenly surrounded by a ring of fire.  All around the hill, just outside the ring of fire, black-robed figures rose up, mumbling incantations.  Xythrax raised his rod, growled the final words, and the hilltop under their feet shuddered.  The stars went out, and they were suddenly surrounded by red fog.  Winds howled around them, and they felt as if the hilltop were flying, carrying them away.  All motion stopped as suddenly as it started, hurling them all from their feet and onto the ground.  The stars returned, along with the sound of running water.  Rokwolf rolled to a stop, next to a figure lying on the ground.  In the pale starlight, he saw Marilee’s face, deathly pale and covered with a sheen of sweat.  Her body was limp and hot.  He looked up and saw a river flowing in front of him, next to a cliff.  His eyes followed the river to his right, stopping on the dark opening out of which the water flowed: the Iorn Gate, hundreds of miles north and east of where they had been moments before.



Chapter 2

Great care must be taken in regard to the images shown in a vukeetu: they can as easily lead one into danger as past it.

Saying attributed to Melbarth

Atno 3524, “The Great Year,” Early Spring
A crack of thunder shook the walls of the tower, jolting the young, red-haired maghi from his meditative state.  Thalamar was tall and gangly, like a scarecrow that someone had folded and placed on the floor; he looked toward the study’s large west window and saw rain striking the glass, clicking like handfuls of pebbles thrown against stone.  He heard the wind whistling about the tower, smelled the moisture of outside air forced inside by the wind, and knew the unnaturalness of the sudden spring storm.  “Isn’t it too early in the spring for a summer storm?” he asked his master.
Kalamar looked up from the book he read and toward the west window, sniffed the air, and felt thunder shake the tower through the soles of his slippers.  His clear blue eyes pierced the sheen of water distorting the view through the glass; he watched the storm in silence before looking at his gangly apprentice.  Kalamar was thin and frail-looking.  His hair and beard were white, matching the color of his robe.  An eye-shaped amulet of iron hung on a chain around his neck--the symbol for the order of Melbarth.  A less worn copy of the amulet hung around Thal’s neck.  Thal sat cross-legged on the floor before Kalamar who sat in a comfortable armchair.  Kalamar stood and slowly walked to the study’s northwest window.  Reaching with his mind past the rain clattering against the glass and the pines lashed by the wind, he discerned the storm’s driving force, frowned, and pulled his mental probe back, lest that which drove the storm become aware of him.  He turned away from the window.
“You’re right, my son,” Kalamar said, his voice crackled with age.  “The storm is unnatural and has disturbed your thoughts.”  The tall, elderly maghi returned to his chair.  “Your mind must be smooth before beginning the incantation, like a calm, waveless sea.”
Thal sighed and closed his eyes.  “Yes, master.”
They sat in silence, shutting out the storm’s fury.  The old maghi’s eyes shone as he watched his young apprentice.
Kalamar nodded to himself.  “Good,” he said quietly.  “Now begin.”
Thal opened his eyes, touched the tip of his gray rod to the stone bowl on the floor, and mumbled a word.  The bowl’s contents flared and burned with white light.  The young maghi stood and touched the rising stream of smoke with his clay rod.  Smoke followed the rod as Thal drew an eye shape in the air.  The room grew dark; pieces of light gathered to the pupil of the smoky eye, forming a globe of multicolored light about a foot in diameter.  He spoke the final word of power, “vukeetu,” and images coalesced within the globe.  Two young wethem appeared; their faces were familiar, although Thal knew he had never met them.  One was tall and lithe, sandy-haired and gray-eyed, with an angular face.  He wore the greens and browns of the forest--a seklesi.  The other, the seklesi’s twin brother Thal somehow knew even though they appeared unrelated, was large and bulky, with brown eyes and curly, brown hair.  His face was softer and more round.  He held a wooden staff in his right hand and wore green robes--a kailu of Shigmar. Flash-flash. Lightning split the globe and flashed images: kailu arched agony hand burning forehead smoking silent scream flash-flash.  He also saw two wetham: a seklesa, thin and well formed with blue-black hair, cut short, that shimmered, half her face covered in shadow.  Flash-flash blue-black falling face skin falling limbs twisting empty staring flash-flash.  The second was a petite wetha with honey-flecked, braided, brown hair, also wearing the green robe of a kailu.  Flash-flash naked swollen lashed lying eyes vacant staring green red blood grass staining unchild empty kailu howling echoes falling flash-flash.   The images blurred and reformed, giving Thal a dual perspective.
“Keep calm,” Kalamar whispered, “you see yourself in both the present and the future.”
In the globe, Thal stood facing a bipedal creature with sea green skin and black eyes, and a large, bulbous, squid-like head.  The creature had no mouth that he could see, but what looked like dangling tentacles where its mouth and nose should have been.  “A morgle,” he whispered to himself.  Flash-flash red-eyed ponkola kortexi black-haired straining bonds sapling bent gyrating hips flash-flash.  On Thal’s right, the curly haired kailu stood.  Beyond the kailu, a tall, black haired wethi stood, flaming sword brandished and clad in gold chain mail with a white surcoat--a kortexi of Karble.  The morgle waved one two-fingered hand and the darkness before them lightened and revealed the kailu’s twin brother, chained to a bench, the outline of a ponkola straddling him.  The kortexi lunged forward, his sword flashed, and the head of the ponkola flew from her shoulders, landing in a pool of light and becoming the head of a wetha with golden hair, causing the bound seklesi to howl with rage. . . .  Flash-flash gheli grinning sword curved flashing slicing head red falling lurch flash-flash.  Thal’s dual perspective ended, and he saw the large kailu facing a group of ponkolum in a misty, lightless realm.  The kailu held a staff topped with what looked like a green star shining in the dimness, and was surrounded by unmoving bodies of seklesem; a second kailu stood beside him.  The ponkolum circled the kailum, apparently on their large leathery wings, which meant they must all be in rumepant.  Flash-flash pale haggard face tattered rags rain-soaked dripping ghelem grinning flash-flash.  The skin of the ponkolum was deep, dark red and hairless; two curved horns protruded from either side of their heads.  The kailum were large but appeared small before the ponkolum floating horned-head and winged-shoulders above them.  The fiends raised their rods and blasted the kailum from several directions, knocking both from their feet with beams of red light; the green, star-like light of the kailu’s staff winked out.  The ponkolum grinned wickedly, the light sparkling on bared fangs.  The images shifted and Thal again saw from a dual perspective.  With him stood the twin brothers and the kortexi, golden flames licking the blade of his sword; an awemi with a round, innocent face and curly brown hair with red highlights, brandishing short sword and dagger, both glowing with cold, blue light; flash-flash round face twisted fear misshapen monstrous spider-shape puri face tearing flesh flash-flash.  He also saw a second seklesi, built similar to the first, who appeared to be related to the twins, and his face, like the seklesa, was half-covered in shadow, whirling a pair of curved blades that also glowed with cold, blue light.  Flash-flash pale haggard face tattered rags rain-soaked dripping ghelem grinning flash-flash.  They faced a huge, rust-colored aperu on a smooth black island surrounded by red-orange light and smoke.  The aperu lifted its head when one of Thal’s companions, the sandy-haired seklesi in armor as red as the aperu, with a sword whose blade was licked by flames the color of the aperu, strode forward to face the beast alone.  Flash-flash pale haggard face tattered rags rain-soaked dripping ghelem grinning flash-flash.  The aperu appeared to laugh before a thin jet of flame shot from between its clenched teeth.  The seklesi disappeared in the flames. . . .  Flash-flash leaping seklesi red sword fire exploding purgle ashes dust ashes flash-flash.  Thal felt himself flung to the floor.  He looked up and saw a skeletal figure wrapped in a black robe.  The purgle, raised a bony hand surrounded by red light.  Just as the purgle released his fire against Thal, the sandy-haired seklesi jumped between them, thrusting a sword into the purgle’s rib cage, and Thal noticed that the handle of the sword was in the shape of an aperu, reminding him of the beast of the previous vision.  The red fire surrounded the seklesi, who arched in pain; flash-flash whirling black door void thrusting void evil empty timespace screaming silence flash-flash the sword exploded. . . .  A handsome wethi, with curly blond hair and deep blue eyes, clad only in a loincloth, lay tied to a black stone altar.  Raised red welts covered the skin of his chest and thighs.  A red-robed figure stepped into view behind the altar; the figure’s face was overshadowed by his hood.  Thal only saw the glitter of his eyes, their color shifting across the spectrum and turning ruddy when he stood next to the altar.  Flash-flash pale haggard face tattered rags rain-soaked dripping ghelem grinning flash-flash.  He raised a black dagger, held in both hands, over his head and thrust the dagger with all his might into the heart of the wethi bound to the altar. . . .
Thal’s dual view ended, and he looked again on the globe of whirling lights.  He nearly released the orthek when images formed again in the globe.  Flash-flash pale haggard face tattered rags rain-soaked dripping ghelem grinning flash-flash.  He saw a glade he recognized, just to the west of the tower, where a wethi, who looked familiar to him, lay under a tree at the edge of the glade.  Lightning flashed around the wethi in unison with the lightning flashing around the tower.  Flash-flash pale haggard face tattered rags rain-soaked dripping ghelem grinning flash-flash.  Thal released the orthek and looked up at Kalamar.  Thal somehow knew that the wethi in the last image, repeated as an interruption in the latter part his vision, was wounded and that he, Thal, must rescue the wounded wethi.
Kalamar nodded.  “Your eyes and heart begin to see as one.”
Thal looked west, seeing as Kalamar had seen, past the rain blurred crystal and the wind lashed pines.  “I sense . . . many eyes upon the wethi . . . ghelem approaching . . . he knows but is weak from long toil and a recent injury.”
“The test is yours, my son,” Kalamar noted, “and you must face it, alone.”
Thal turned his eyes upon his master.  “You knew,” Thal noted, “why didn’t you act?”
“I knew when the image appeared in your vukeetu;” the old maghi replied.  “I see past externals into the heart of the storm; I know this is your test.”
Thal lowered his eyes; his cheeks colored.  “I’m sorry for presuming. . . .”
“Needless apology,” Kalamar interrupted, a smile playing at the corners of his mouth, “you saw more than I could have when I was your rank.”  Kalamar smiled warmly upon his son and apprentice.  The old maghi drew a symbol in the air between them with his platinum rod.  He mumbled a word and touched Thal’s forehead with the tip of his rod.
The red-haired apprentice leapt to his feet, feeling a tingling surge of energy running from the center of his forehead down along every nerve.
“Sprint while the orthek holds!” Kalamar exclaimed.
Thal shot from the room and flew down three flights of stairs to the tower’s ground floor.  He touched the door latch and was blown back by the storm’s fury.  Drawing deeply upon his master’s orthek, the young, gangly maghi sped out of the tower, wrenching the door closed behind him.  Lightning flashed directly overhead and Thal saw the evil force driving the storm, heard its laughter in the thunderclap.  He lowered his head into the wind, legs pumping, enhanced by his master’s orthek.  Sheets of rain lashed him; gusts of wind pummeled him, but neither slowed his teka augmented pace.  He crossed the threshold of their teka fences, passing through a wall of water held there by the wind, as the force driving the storm sought in vain to breech the dome of protection surrounding the tower, but the water slid off harmlessly, streaming from the ends of his wind-whipped hair; his robe and lanky frame cut through the wind like a knife through water, leaving hardly a ripple.  As Thal approached the glade, the rain ceased, the wind slowed to barely a breeze, and the clouds lifted.  Sensing a change in tactics, Thal slowed and dodged off the path, hiding behind the trunk of a large cedar.  Lightning flashed, revealing the ghelem stalking cautiously toward the unmoving figure of the wounded wethi.

When the tower door slammed shut, Kalamar stood and walked to his study’s west window and watched the red-topped white smudge that was Thal streak toward the west.  He turned from the window and pulled a talisman from his robe.  His hands whispered drily, as he rubbed the small round object between his aged palms.  Opening his hands, the old maghi breathed upon the object, spoke a single word, and watched it rise from his hands to float before him.
“Perepod-Myron,” Kalamar said in a clear voice.  The small talisman disappeared with a snap, like the sound of two flat boards slapped together.  The old maghi left his study and turned away from the stairs toward the ladder leading to the tower’s roof.  “Rumandu!” Kalamar cried and the door above flew open.  “Steighud-me!”  He pulled his white, silver-trimmed hood over his head and, pointing the tip of his platinum rod toward the opening overhead, began to rise slowly.  Passing through the opening, he stepped lightly upon the wet stones.  All the storm’s fury did not touch the frail-looking maghi standing on the roof.  Kalamar held out his rod and spoke a single word, “kresko.”  The rod grew in his hand until it was as long as the maghi was tall; the rod’s tip glowed with orange light.  He hummed as he drew a symbol on the stone.  When the circle was complete, he rapped the roof once with the rod; a symbol of power flared to life where before there had been only wet, black stone.  Kalamar leaned on his rod and waited for Myron to finish his own fiery symbol many miles to the north in Shigmar, connecting their two present but separate realities to a future hypothetical reality in which the two occupied the same point in space.  A kind of doorway would open and remain so until one or both of the symbols were erased.  It was teka he and Myron had invented.  Kalamar turned from his glowing orange symbol and looked west, seeing Thal pass easily through the dome of protection.  He looked beyond his apprentice and saw the force sent to test both his teka fences and his apprentice.  The old maghi sighed and cast his gaze around the teka fences looking for weaknesses and other threats.  To the east, he saw, but didn’t see, something lurking, hovering at the limit of his view.  He could only see it at the edge of his vision, like a shadow that flitted out of sight when directly confronted.  Kalamar reached out with his mind, trying to discern what he saw and didn’t see, but each time he tried to touch whatever it was, it disappeared, as if nothing had ever been there.  Finally, he purposely looked from where it was, pretending to reach away but suddenly turning upon the shadow.  He got a glimpse of black horns tinged with flames and a whiff of sulphur.  He started to reach a fourth time, but stopped when orange light flared before his eyes.  He braced for a mental blow before recognizing that the light came from his symbol as it joined with Myron’s symbol, and the kailu of Shigmar appeared within the circle.
The green robed figure, of medium height and build, stepped from the circle of orange power and clasped Kalamar’s hand.  The old maghi looked long at his friend before speaking, noticing his blue eyes as bright as ever, even if his kindly face was more worn than before.
“You received my message?”  Myron brushed rain from his prominent, hawk nose.
Kalamar’s smile went limp.  “Message . . . , no.”
“Then why did you. . . ?”
“The sign was given . . . , I sent for you.”
“I received no sending,” Myron said.  “I came because Klaybear went to the sacred glade this morning, which is my half of the sign.”
Kalamar nodded; his rod diminished to its normal length.  “You sent it in the normal manner?”
Myron nodded.
Kalamar walked to the west edge of the roof and looked over the parapet.  The black stone telepad, carved with arcane symbols was bare but for the rain.  “Nothing,” Kalamar said.
Myron’s forehead wrinkled.  “Odd . . . it has never failed before.”
Kalamar pointed in the direction Thal had gone.  “Tell me what you see.”
Myron closed his eyes.  “I sense the evil force and its purposes.  Thal approaches.  The storm is lifting.”
Kalamar lowered his voice.  “Now look in the opposite direction . . . , suddenly.”
Myron nodded, keeping his eyes closed.  He turned quickly around, casting his thoughts to the east.  “I sense . . . , nothing?” his voice rose as he questioned his own declaration.  “There was something, but it disappeared before I could touch it.”
“Exactly what I didn’t see.”
“Does it have anything to do with our messages?”
“What else could intercept and prevent teka that has not, before today, failed?”
“And, it happens on the day the both our apprentices choose to act.”  Myron sighed and shook his head.  “Does Thal understand what he does?”
Kalamar shook his head and sighed.  “Not clearly.”
Myron frowned.  “I was strongly told to reveal nothing but the essentials to Klaybear.”
“It would not matter if I had told him all,” Kalamar said.  “Thal is headstrong,” he sighed, “he believes in nothing but what he can verify by his own senses.  If he cannot see and touch it then it does not, for him, exist.”
“Yet, he uses elemental power that cannot be seen or touched by most.  How does he respond to that criticism?  Since I’m sure you have mentioned it.”  Myron smiled at Kalamar.
The old maghi nodded.  “He would say that because he wields the power himself and knows of its existence, what others say is irrelevant . . . for his belief.”
Myron laughed and clapped Kalamar fondly on the back.  “He is certainly your son!”  The kailu’s laughter stopped suddenly; his voice lowered to a whisper.  “That may cause some problems later on.”
Kalamar nodded sadly.  “It is something he will grapple with . . . in time.  We have, Nelle especially, tried to instill some doubts in his mind, some cracks in the fortress of his logic that will allow for . . . faith.”
The Headmaster smiled crookedly.  “It’s going to be interesting when the logician meets the others!”
Kalamar smiled and let another sigh escape.  “I sometimes wish I could be there.”
“I know what you mean, my friend,” Myron said, laying his hand on the maghi’s shoulder and giving it a firm squeeze.  “I fear I will only see the first encounter.”
“We will be standing with you, though you see us not.”
Silence fell upon them as they waited for Thal’s return.  The storm lifted, and only a moderate drizzle continued to wash the walls and roof of the tower.  Red beams of light pierced the clouds as the sun sank slowly into the western sea.  The west wind, heavy with salt and moisture, barely ruffled their robes.  A gull cried in the distance marking the end of the unnatural storm.  Myron broke their silence.
“Are you certain?”
“We have known since we were joined . . . when the kortexi comes. . . .”
Myron looked at him and drew a sharp breath.  “He is not supposed to leave for the Mountain until fall . . . ,” he protested.
“Plans change,” Kalamar interrupted, “and his arrival is overdue.  Were you not as surprised as I was, this morning, when your Klaybear and my Thal chose–on their own–to act as they have, giving the first sign?”
Myron looked away.
“Sir Blakstar the kortexi is not far away.  In fact, we think he should have been here by now.”  Kalamar sighed, shook his head, and then pointed to the west.  “Part of the reason they are here is to probe our teka dome.”  He jerked a thumb toward the east.  “And there is a shadow hovering, waiting.  I did not tell you I got a glimpse of him, complete with a whiff of sulphur!”  Kalamar shrank; his voice crackled as he spoke.  “Our time is nearly gone.”  He sighed.  “Did you find anything in the secret histories?”
Myron turned slowly to face his friend.  “A single note at the end of Shigmar’s record,” he said, “but what it means, I don’t know.  I’ll make sure my apprentice gets it at the proper time.”
Kalamar frowned, his entire face wrinkling.  “His words may not make sense to you or me,” he said, “but they will to the chosen.”
Myron shook his head slowly.  “I really thought I’d find more, something useful, anyway, not just some cryptic comment about a house,” he fell silent, shaking his head again.
“There is one other thing,” Kalamar frowned, breaking the silence after several slow minutes had passed, “Thal’s vision was . . . interrupted.  I’m not sure how to explain it, but his vukeetu was split during his seeing by lightning that opened a second window filled with images: images smashed together and so compact, it was difficult to distinguish one from another.”
“Did Thal see these interruptions as out of place?”
“No, and I nearly stopped the vision for fear that he was losing control of his orthek, but his mind was undisturbed, calmer than when he began.”  Kalamar looked to the east.  “I have never heard of the orthek behaving in this manner.”
Myron twisted his staff in his hands.  “I might be surprised, under other circumstances, but that I had the strangest desire, about the time Klaybear would have entered the glade, to fly there instantly and rescue him from some peril.”  Myron gently tapped his staff on the floor.  “I even tried to open a teka window to view the glade.”
Kalamar looked at his green-robed friend and smiled.  “What did you see?”
Myron laughed.  “Nothing,” he replied, “the window opened to nothing!  Whatever has happened I could not–was not allowed–to interfere.”  Myron smiled crookedly.  “Perhaps, had you tried to stop the orthek, you would have been thwarted.  Yet I fear, for all our planning and preparation, that things have gone awry.”
Kalamar shrugged.  “Perhaps this is the way it was meant to be.”

Thal melted into the shadows of the trees as the setting sun broke through the storm.  He saw that the ghelem outnumbered him six to one.
“If only I could cast an illusion orthek,” the young maghi mumbled to himself.  “A red aperu, flaming and swooping down upon them would send them running all the way to Melbarth!”  However, illusory aperu were far beyond his present skill.  He reviewed his list of offensive ortheks, an act that took half a breath, and discarded them as ineffective against so many.  He cursed his lack of experience, but stopped, mid-curse, when he suddenly remembered the old peddler who had befriended him as a child.  The old wethi taught him many things and left him in the nearby village of Artowgar, a village that would look kindly on an orphaned child.  The wandering outcast taught him a simple air orthek that would cause the sounds around his person, including his own voice, to echo and multiply, making his single horse and cart sound like a herd of horses, his voice like the voices of an army.
“Jaylethe!  Robero!  Garik!” Thal shouted.  “Attack from the left!  Markelle!  Brian!  Erik!  From the right!  We four will move in from here.  Remember, anyone we capture will be staked in the sun!”
Thal mumbled the words of the simple orthek and began to crash back and forth through the brush, shouting as he stomped.  The sounds he made echoed and multiplied, giving the ghelem every indication that a patrol of wandering seklesem was about to attack them.  Ghelem are not brave, being the least of Gar’s twisted creations, useful only to fill the lowest ranks of his armies.  They seldom grew taller than four feet and had the intelligence, according to Gar, of a stone.  When aroused, they were extremely strong for their small stature.  Gar prized them for their ability to tunnel and work with stone.  It is said that an army of ghelem could pull down the walls of any city in a few hours, if aroused and in large numbers.
Thal noticed the ghelem dropping their weapons and turning to flee.  “After them!  A ghelwu for every head!”  The gangly maghi grabbed a fallen branch and used it to beat back the brush as he ran in the direction of the fleeing ghelem.  When he turned toward the wounded wethi, his eyes met those of a single, uncommonly large gheli, not fooled by his chicanery.
“Filthy lone wethi,” the gheli’s voice hissed passed his yellow teeth.  His face was vaguely pig-shaped; he reeked of dung.  “I no fool tricky voice!  I gut you hang you stink flesh!  Crows eat you!”  The gheli rushed Thal with his sword swinging.
Thal mumbled, “podstolon,” and a root rose from the earth, tripping the charging gheli.  The maghi easily parried the sword stroke with his stout branch, then broke the branch on the gheli’s thick skull.  The sword fell from the gheli’s now limp fingers.  Thal took the sword, swung, and separated the gheli’s head from his shoulders.  The white maghi looked once at his handiwork, turned and took two steps before the contents of his stomach stained the grass of the glade.  Thal continued to retch until he managed to crawl away from the dead gheli and his foul smell.  Thal’s stomach continued to churn as he stumbled to the wounded wethi.  The wethi was tall with sandy hair and gray eyes and looked familiar to Thal–the second seklesi in my vukeetu, he thought.  His clothes were filthy and tattered and hung loosely on an emaciated frame.
“Many thanks” the wethi croaked.  “I thought I would be tonight’s gheli feast.”
“My master’s tower is near,” Thal said, “if you can put your arm over my shoulders . . . ?”
The wethi sucked in air as Thal squatted and tried to lift the wethi’s arm onto his shoulders.  “The pain!” he hissed through gritted teeth.
Thal stopped and thought for a moment.  “I will cause you to sleep and call for assistance.”  Thal cleared his mind, touched the wethi’s forehead, and spoke the word: “supno.”  The wethi sighed and relaxed, falling at once into a deep sleep.  Thal slipped the wethi’s arm over his shoulders, wrapped an arm around the wethi’s waist, and straightened his legs, easily lifting the wethi.  He lifted his iron amulet with his free hand.  “Master, I have him.”
Yellow light flashed to life, surrounding the young maghi and his wounded companion.  The light lifted them slowly into the air and carried them above the treetops to the tower’s roof where Kalamar and Myron stood waiting for them.  Myron quickly examined the wounded wethi, his hands glowing green as they moved over the wounded wethi.  The Headmaster’s hands moved to the wethi’s forehead, where the kailu poured healing energy into the wethi; his color changed, looking more healthy.
“The wound itself is not critical, but much time has passed since it occurred.  His mind is also weak from years of slavery.  I will take him to Shigmar and place him with the healers,” Myron said.  The kailu headmaster carefully took the wethi from Thal.
“Take good care of him, my friend,” Kalamar said.
Myron nodded.  “Goodbye, my friends.  Until we next meet.”  The green-robed kailu stepped into the glowing circle and disappeared.
Kalamar waved his rod over the symbol.  “Neki,” he said, canceling the orthek, causing the flames to dim and wink out.  “A levitation orthek is active,” Kalamar told him, “descend with your rod.”  The old maghi did not look at his apprentice as the flame-topped scarecrow held out his clay rod, took a breath, and stepped into the opening.  Thal floated slowly through the trap door, disappearing from view.  Kalamar flicked a final glance to the east, catching a fleeting glimpse of the threat waiting, hovering just beyond detection.  An image of Nekerp with his sickle flashed across Kalamar’s thoughts.  The old maghi sighed and followed his son and apprentice through the trap door.  The door clunked shut, reminding him of the closing of a crypt.

Chapter 3

It is not the hidden trap–the one we do not see–that catches us, but the one hidden in plain sight.

Attributed to Fereghen Wulfrik, ruled 983-1027

As the sun cast its pink rays on the village of Artowgar, the young kortexi mounted his white and gray stallion, Wingfoot, and set off at a trot on the final leg of his journey to the Mountain of Vision.  His thoughts were troubled, although he smiled and waved to the innkeeper, while he pondered the words of his master, the Wesento of Karble.  On a similar bright morning, eight days before, the Wesento carefully uncovered his montista.  The aged senior kortexi peered intently into the clear depths of the fist-sized stone, as was customary before sending the newly made kortexi to the Mountain for final testing.  The Wesento turned pale.
“It cannot be!”  He covered the stone with his hands, closed his eyes, bowed his head, and prayed silently.  After a few moments passed in silence, the Wesento opened his eyes, removed his hands, and looked again into the depths of his montista.  He drew breath sharply; tears wet his eyes and wrinkled cheeks.  He raised his eyes slowly and with difficulty to the new kortexi; he pushed his long, white locks back from his face.
“Blakstar,” his voice cracked, heavy with age, “I cannot see the full measure of your greatness; you will accomplish things that kortexem since Sir Karble first established our order have dreamed of, but the path to that greatness leads through such misery and anguish that my heart nearly failed me to glimpse it.  You are surrounded by an ocean of foes that howl for your ruin.  They have become so powerful that even the One himself may not be able to protect you from them all.  You walk barefoot upon the edge of a sword: to stray would lead to our utter ruin, to walk this path will be as painful to you as walking the blade’s edge.”  The Wesento stopped and sobbed, covering his montista with its golden velvet cloth.  “Remember, you are the lump of coal that yields a diamond following extreme pressures and heat, for a diamond you will be, though all the fires of Kolu come to torture and refine you, though your suffering pushes you to the threshold of death.  Be bold but cautious: the happiness and lives of generations yet unborn depend upon your successful transformation from coal to diamond.”
He had been at first shaken by the Wesento’s words, starting at every shadow and sound of approaching travelers.  Yet no sea of foes had attacked him: his journey thus far had been quiet and pleasant, belying the Wesento’s words.  The road south from Karble to Dolvert, by ferry across Misty Lake to Outlag, and from Outlag to Artowgar were as peaceful and free from incident as any traveler could wish.  The seklesem patrolling the way told tales of tranquil travelers, unmolested by rogue bands of ghelem or marauding purem, as if all forces of evil had been withdrawn.  However, Blakstar knew that many creatures of evil walked unseen to normal eyes, creatures that, as his skills matured, he would be able to detect.  Perhaps they were the sea of foes seen by the Wesento; then again, perhaps his foes merely waited somewhere ahead, when his path left the main road and the people traveling it for the way through the forested slopes of the coastal range of rolling hills bordering the Western Ocean.  Seklesem patrolled this area heavily to protect the young kortexem as they journeyed to the mountain, but the seklesem, although the best soldiers, foresters, and trackers, could not be in all places at once.  An ambush needed only seconds to occur, and the young kortexi would lay by the trail, dead from a quick knife thrust or silent arrow.  Many tales of this kind were told in Karble, as also tales of kortexem rescued from ruin at the last moment by a company of seklesem tracking their assailants.  Blakstar frowned; his eyes searched every shadow, caught every movement; his ears strained at the sounds following him, listening for any hint of hostile pursuit.  He saw farmers and farm wives headed into their fields, shepherds leading their flocks into the hills, and heard the sounds of other travelers on their way south.  A light breeze, from the west, stirred the grass and caressed his cheeks, bringing with it the scent of fir and cedar mixed with the salty tang of the sea.  The day promised to be hot.
Shortly after midmorning, the road and river turned to the east, and the kortexi left the road and found the ford, crossing the Misty River and entering the narrow trail that led to the Mountain.  The trail climbed into the coastal range next to one of the many streams that fed the Misty River.  Blakstar stopped beside the stream to rest and water Wingfoot and drink the clear running water.  His teeth ached as he drank the ice-cold water, thick with minerals, and a cone of cold formed below his heart, low and left in his chest.  He splashed water on his face, head, and neck; he shivered as water droplets slid down his back beneath his tunic.  Wingfoot stamped and blew before he joined his rider for another drink from the mountain stream.  Blakstar felt an odd tingle between his shoulders, but it was not from the water; Wingfoot jerked his head up, ears rotating.  The questing kortexi looked across the stream, leaping to his feet and drawing his sword.  They stood this way for a time, straining to find the source of the sound that startled them both.  The horse, chin still dripping, sniffed and blew, with his ears pointed across the stream.  Momentarily satisfied, Wingfoot lowered his head again to the water to drink, ears still trained across the stream.  Blakstar saw nothing, heard nothing more, yet he still felt the tingle, now in the center of his sternum, as if he had been touched lightly by an unseen hand.  Wingfoot startled a second time, looking behind them; Blakstar now felt the tingle in his back and chest, no matter which way he turned.  He grabbed the reins and mounted quickly, urging Wingfoot to a trot up the trail.
Noon came, and Blakstar’s sense of watchfulness increased.  He felt, rather than saw, enemies before and behind him.  He believed they increased in number as the tingling in his back and chest increased in strength, such that he felt those behind pushed him forward while those ahead resisted his progress.  He stopped again to water and rest Wingfoot and allow the stallion to munch on some grain while the kortexi chewed dried meat and hard, wheat flour biscuits.  Both, however, became restless after only a few minutes passed; Blakstar could not finish the strip of meat he held, and Wingfoot, blowing in his nosebag as his ears rotated one way then another, finally stamped impatiently and shook his head.  The kortexi removed the nosebag and stowed it in his saddlebags with his lunch.  As he tied closed the flap of his saddlebags, he felt an odd heat about his person, a heat he immediately recognized.  He reacted according to the formula drilled into him by his kortexi masters: turn toward the feeling, duck, and roll in a direction perpendicular to the source of the feeling.  But the maghi whose will guided the orthek anticipated such a move and merely directed the red shimmering net to fall on the kortexi as he rolled, entangling him in its glowing lines.  When the texarti encircled Blakstar, his limbs stiffened suddenly, frozen in the act of drawing his sword, and, half-risen to his feet, he fell, a statue on its side.
“Well, well, well,” clanked a voice, laughing at Blakstar’s plight.  Black shoes and robes came into Blakstar’s view, cheek pressed against the grass, eyes staring at the ground.  “Another mighty kortexi,” the voice continued, mocking, “captured by one of the simplest, yet powerful, ortheks.”  Blakstar felt the web alter as it conformed more closely to the shape of his body, wrapping tightly around his arms, legs, and head.  Suddenly, Blakstar found that he was standing alone in darkness and silence, and he was gripped by an icy fear that he had not before known.

Kovaine stood slowly, the pain from whip lashes still sharp although she had applied the ointment she had stolen from one of the red kailum–a fair exchange for how rough he had been with her.  She had slept late, much later than usual, as she had been kept awake by her masters, beaten for refusing to join the Magsamel’s group of favored karam; it must be past noon, and she felt a rumble in her stomach, but the thought of eating made her ill.  She belted on a silk robe, hoping that it would irritate her sore skin less than the rough-spun wool of her normal work clothes.  She wished that she could get a message to her mother across the river in Belford, asking her to bring a supply of healing herbs and salves when she visited the red kailu fortress in three days; it was only her mother’s relationship with the Master of Arms that gave her any relief from the horror of her life as a slave to the red kailum.  She looked at her face in the small mirror above her washstand and saw dark circles beneath her blue eyes along with the dirty tracks of her tears; her blonde hair looked stringy and dirty, and her scalp itched terribly.  She recognized that she should wash her hair and face before leaving her cell, but she ruthlessly put down the urge, reaching into a clay pot she kept hidden behind the wash stand and pulling out a handful of ashes, shared it between both hands, then artfully tossed the ashes onto her head and hair.  With the ash still clinging to her fingers and palms, she dirtied her face, covering the tear tracks, then ran both hands through her shoulder length hair, ensuring that the golden color did not show through the ash and oil.  She looked at her small wardrobe and considered throwing the dirty black dress over her silk robe, since she would be beaten again if anyone caught her wearing silk to work in the kitchens.  Her mother kept trying to convince her that her beatings would be fewer if she would become pliable and do what her masters wanted, which included frequent baths and attention to her appearance–to attract their notice, her mother often said.  Their notice was precisely what she was trying to avoid, as she had nearly become one of the Magsamel’s favorites on the previous day.  She shuddered at the thought, knowing that few survived the attentions of the head of the red kailu order for very long.
Better not to be too obvious, she thought, taking the black wool work dress from her wardrobe and preparing to pull it over her head.
Her door crashed open, and a magluku flared in the doorway, momentarily blinding her.
“Are you certain this is the right one?” a voice that clanked like old bones asked.
“Yes, my lord,” a simpering voice that sounded familiar to her replied, “this one is the daughter of the kara across the river–the one who is a favorite of Master Lufekuro and visits each week, bringing several. . . .”
“I don’t care about her filthy habits!” the bony voice interrupted.  “As long as this is her daughter, then she is the one I want; bring her!”
Rough hands grabbed both her arms and dragged her from her room into the hall; before her eyes could adjust to the dim light in the hallway outside her room, someone blindfolded her, then pulled her silk robe off her shoulders and arms.  Her arms were forced in front of her and bound tightly together with a leather thong.
“She is quite dirty, my lord,” the simpering voice noted, “should we wash her?”
There was a pause as if the other were considering the question.
“We should at least rinse the dirt out of her hair,” the bony voice answered.  “Our master does want that wretched kortexi to have some idea what she looks like, beyond her naked body,” he finished and began to laugh, which sounded to her as if someone were shaking a bag filled with old bones.  Several other voices laughed along with the bony voice.  “You!” the bony voice snapped imperiously.  “Grab that pitcher of water from her room–it is all we have time for.”
“Bend over kara,” the simpering voice whispered next to her ear, “although the only surprise you’ll get is from the water!” he laughed wickedly, causing other voices to laugh.
“Keep on task!” the bony voice snapped.  “You can play with her after we have fulfilled the Great Lord’s orders.”
She was roughly bent forward and the contents of her water pitcher were slowly poured over her head; someone else scrubbed at her hair and scalp while the lukewarm water was dumped on her hair; it splashed on the stone floor and wet her feet and legs up past her knees.  The strong hands jerked her upright, and the water still on her head began running and dripping onto her shoulders and back, causing the lash marks to sting.
“He’ll be most impressed with her,” the simpering voice noted sarcastically.
“Get that robe on her,” the bony voice growled, “we don’t have time for your usual nonsense!”
“Yes, my lord,” the simpering voice replied, and the hands threw an itchy wool robe onto her shoulders.  She drew a sharp breath, feeling pain from her neck to her buttocks; the robe was belted tightly around her, pinning her arms more closely against her front.  The hands pushed her forward, holding her up when she stumbled, and she passed through something that felt like a curtain of ice, stepping from stone onto rough ground.  The scent of pine and fir filled her nostrils, with an undercurrent of smoke and salt.  They stopped moving.
“Wait here,” the bony voice said, “I will return with our guest within the hour.”
“As you wish, my lord,” the simpering voice replied then fell silent.
Kovaine heard sounds around her, and she soon realized that the sounds were not coming from the space immediately around where she stood blindfolded but were more distant, as if the place where she stood were avoided by the life around it.  She recognized several familiar bird calls, but the one most prevalent was that of gulls, and if she focused her attention to her left, she could make out the sounds of waves rolling onto a beach.  The scents told her that she must be in a forest near the sea, but where that forest was, or which sea, she had no idea; the nearest forest to Belford was a swamp, nowhere near the sea.  Her thoughts shifted back to the conversation of her captors, and she wondered why they came looking for her, specifically, what they meant to do with her, and why this kortexi?  She only knew that the order was a northern one, filled with prudish zealots, worse than other northerners, who were some sort of holy warriors that would kill a kara on sight–what did she have to do with any northerner, let alone, a kortexi?  Her wounds hurt, and she wanted to sit down, at least, if her captors would allow it.
“Can I sit down while we wait?” she asked in her most polite voice.
“No, I think not,” the simpering voice replied.
“It is too bad we don’t know how long that purgle will be,” a second, rough voice noted, “then we could amuse ourselves while we wait–she is quite pretty, for a kara slave,” he added, laughing gruffly; two others laughed with him.
“Yes, too bad,” the simpering voice agreed while the others laughed, “but Lord Xythrax would obliterate us all, if he caught us.”  His statement stopped their laughter, and silence returned, but for the natural sounds, for several moments.
“I’d like to obliterate him!” the rough voice exclaimed suddenly.  “I can’t stand him, or any of the others like him!”
“That kind of talk will get you transformed into one of his toy nekerpu,” the simpering voice replied.  “Would you like to do his bidding for the rest of time?” he asked.
“Grr!” the rough voice answered, and Kovaine could tell that he was afraid.  “The thought makes my blood turn to ice!”
“It should, unless you are stupid,” a nasally voice noted.  “Besides, none know where he has hidden his soul–if we could discover that little fact . . . ,” he let his voice trail off, and the rough voice snorted.
“Aye, if only,” the rough voice said, “but you are more likely to see me as Magsamel first!”  Three of them laughed at this idea.
“Quiet!  Someone is coming!” the simpering voice hissed.
“Where is Xythrax?” a purring, female voice asked, but there was a note of challenge and roughness in the voice.
“Off retrieving our guest,” the simpering voice replied; the others laughed at this response, but their laughter sounded strained.
“So, she is the one,” the female stated.  “She doesn’t look like much to me, but then, I am no kortexi, and who can understand their taste in females?” she asked, a hint of laughter mixed with a note of sarcasm in her sultry voice; the red kailum holding her laughed raucously.
“She is one of our kara slaves,” the simpering voice noted when the laughter died away, “the daughter of a prominent kara of Belford.”
“How fitting!” the female exclaimed.  “The kortexi and the kara–a perfect pair . . . once we have finished with them both,” she went on after a slight pause and igniting the laughter again.
“Does she know?” the female voice asked.
“She has been told nothing,” the simpering voice answered.
“Now is the time to tell her . . . ,” the female voice began, then paused, “but only enough to start her wondering.”
“Xythrax never told us to . . . ,” the simpering voice tried to protest, but the female cut him off abruptly.
“He told you only what you needed to know,” she snapped, “and now I will tell her what she needs to know: the kortexi is your destined mate; it amused the Great Lord to find you, and bring you to this kortexi, your future husband, only to separate you again, without either of you really knowing anything about the other.  This will make his search more . . . interesting,” she added, her voice more sultry, almost a purr, before she laughed wickedly; the others joined her.
“Me?  Marry a kortexi?” Kovaine said.  “He will kill me as soon as he learns what I am, what you have made me into.”
The female voice laughed again.  “He might just do that,” she said, “which will make his pain, on realization of what he has done, all the more sweet.”
Kovaine tried to pull away from those holding her, but her struggling only caused them to grip her tighter; she stopped struggling in order to stop the pain from their vise-like hands.  She tried slumping in apparent defeat, to get them to relax their hold on her, but they only laughed harder and pulled her to her feet.
“Look!” the nasal voice exclaimed, stopping both their laughter and her struggling.  “Our master returns!”
“I must fetch the breeder,” the female said.
Kovaine heard the sounds of the female voice leaving, then heard the sounds of many heavy feet, soon followed by the bony voice speaking, which must have been Xythrax.
“Yes,” Xythrax’s bony, deep voice began, “I have loosened my hold upon you, but only so that you may struggle against your plight and cause yourself further injury.  Remember that I, Xythrax, right hand of Gar, Great Lord of the Universe, hold you a finger’s width from your personal hell.  The Great Lord commanded your capture, chosen of the One, the would-be mightiest warrior to ever walk the land, but being chosen is to become a lodestone for evil: the brighter your light shines, the greater the darkness that will surround you and snuff out your light.  The Great Lord commanded that we give you special treatment, for you will create the instrument of your own downfall.  Behold,” he said, raising his voice, “a pura breeder.”
The sounds that followed were too soft for Kovaine to distinguish what they were, so she focused instead upon the words; she wondered what Xythrax meant by calling this kortexi chosen of the One, and the other things about lodestones and lights.  Then another thought occurred to her: if these kortexi were as prudish as she had heard, how would this one, her future mate, feel about being forced to have sex with a pura?  Her thoughts were interrupted by the sounds of ripping cloth, followed by a new voice so loud it echoed around her.
“No!” the kortexi shouted in denial of what she guessed must be happening, then his shout became a howl of anguish that tore at her insides; she felt sorry for the kortexi captive, remembering how it felt to be forced.
“Remember,” Xythrax said, “you must not resist, lest I plunge you into the flames of your physical hell.  We give this service to all would-be kortexem who fall into our hands.”
“Claws, not hands,” the female voice purred.  “You will give me much pleasure, young one, once the breeder has finished with you.”
“Rupansa!” a new female voice cracked like a whip.  “He is mine,” the voice hissed, “not yours!  I was chosen for this!”
“Demansa, dear sister,” the first female voice–Rupansa–simpered, “I was merely preparing him for you. . . .”
“Lying potuka!” the second, Demansa, snapped.  “Our master will feed you to his pet if you do not follow the plan, especially with this one, and the plan says I have him first–the strongest seed produces the most powerful offspring.”
Rupansa laughed.  “Not in one who has never . . . ,” she paused, for Kovaine had screamed and broken free of her captors, hurtling herself at the ponkolam, although she could not see them.
“No!  You won’t have him!” Kovaine screamed.  “He’s mine!”  When the second ponkola, Demansa, had appeared and started speaking, something awoke deep inside Kovaine, a feeling that she had never felt in all her life, a feeling of jealousy, and with it, a desire to possess the unnamed northerner for herself alone.  As the feeling of jealousy grew, her anger grew with it, until the moment when Rupansa laughed.  Since the attention of her captors was on the two ponkolam, Kovaine managed to jerk her arms free of their clutching hands and leap forward; one of the red kailum reached out to snatch her back, catching her hood and pulling both hood and blindfold free.  Kovaine saw both ponkolam looking at her, looks of surprise mingled with amusement on their faces, neither making any move to protect themselves, and then her eyes met those of the kortexi, his straight black hair disheveled, his clothes torn open revealing a well-muscled chest, stomach, strong thighs and loins, but instead of feeling a surge of desire when her eyes met his dark eyes, she felt a wave of fear and panic that caused her to stagger to a halt; an instant later, the heavy hand of one of her captors struck the side of her head, sending her body sprawling and her mind into darkness.

“Do not be afraid, Sir Blakstar,” a kindly voice, filled with concern, spoke beside him, “you are not losing your mind.”
Blakstar jerked his head around and saw a figure, cloaked in white, standing beside him, the only thing visible in the darkness, and the only sound audible in the silence; the figure’s head was covered with a hood of the same light, brilliantly-white material that overshadowed his face, so all that the kortexi could discern of the figure was that he was of a lighter build than Blakstar and as tall.
“Who . . . what . . . how?” Blakstar stammered, his lips not capable of asking all the questions in his mind.
“This is the world of dreams, Sir Blakstar,” the figure answered, “and your mind has fled here to escape the horror your body is about to suffer.”
“But . . . I don’t understand.”
“If you knew what happens to you,” the figure went on, his voice more kindly than before, “what my rebellious brother has perpetrated upon you, you would be incapable of acting at all, let alone fulfilling the mission our Father has reserved for you, and my brother would win by default; for this reason, I have brought you here, to protect you and protect the future.”
“I still do not understand,” Blakstar said, “who are you?”
“I am . . . ,” the figure began, then hesitated before continuing, “a friend, someone who has your best interests at heart, and there is a place I must show you, and someone you must meet–a young wetha, about your age, who will one day become your mate.”  The figure pointed, and a column of light illuminated a second, smaller figure, huddled on the ground; all Blakstar could see of this second figure was her golden hair and the shiny black silk of her robe.  Blakstar suddenly realized what his ‘friend’ had said about this new figure; he turned to look at the figure in white, and felt his own chin drop, then he rushed forward and knelt beside the fallen wetha, carefully taking one of her small hands, surprised to feel rough calluses on the palm and fingers of the hand that looked too pretty to have ever done any work.
“My lady,” he spoke in a soft voice, “are you injured?”
She pulled her hand from his, the hand going to her temple.  “I . . . ,” she tried to speak, then pushed herself into a sitting position, “. . . someone hit me,” she continued, looking around blearily.
Blakstar stared at her elfin face, her blue eyes, noticing that her mouth and lips seemed slightly too wide and large for her small face, but her eyes held him, seeming to him to be two blue sapphires; he took her hand and held it gently, smiling down at her.
Her eyes continued to look around, finally focusing on him and his dark eyes staring at her; she gasped and crawled backward away from him.  “You!” she hissed, looking at him in fear and anger.  “Where am I?  What have you done to me?”  She scrambled to her feet, continuing to back away and crouching with her hands out in front.
“Do not be afraid,” the figure in white spoke in the same, calming voice.  “You have joined us in the world of dreams.”
“This is a dream?” she asked, relaxing only slightly.
Blakstar stood and started toward her.
“Stay where you are!” she snapped, seeing him move toward her.
“Please,” Blakstar implored, “I mean you no harm, you of all wetham.”
“I don’t believe you, kortexi!” she exclaimed.  “I know you’re trying to trick me into lowering my guard: you kortexem kill all my kind on sight for what we are!”
Blakstar shook his head and held out his hand to her, inviting her to take it.  “All I know of you, my lady,” he said, “is that you are my destined mate.”
She snorted.  “You’ll change your mind about that,” she scoffed, “as soon as you find out what I really am.”
A musical sound interrupted them, and both Blakstar and the wetha turned to the source of the sound and saw that the figure in white was laughing, a happy and infectious sound that seemed out of place in this shadowy realm.
“You are very amusing,” the figure laughed, “considering that before you joined us, you attacked two ponkolam to assert your exclusive right to possess Sir Blakstar for yourself, and you were so insistent in asserting your right to him that you attacked them without a weapon,” he added, still chuckling to himself.
The wetha blushed furiously.  “How do you . . . how could you . . . that doesn’t matter!” she stammered and finally exclaimed heatedly.
“A blush from you, my dear girl?” the figure asked, amused.  “Why, I don’t think you have blushed since you were a small child!”
The wetha tried to respond, but the figure’s words had flustered her; Blakstar took a hesitant step toward her, his hand still held out.
“Please, my lady, I assure you that I mean you no harm,” he said, “that I would . . . ,” he started to go on, but gasped suddenly and clutched at his chest.  He felt a burning, searing pain there, as if someone were drawing lines on his chest with fire.  He tore open his white robe and saw red lines burning brightly across his chest; he heard the girl gasp and looked up to see her pointing at him with one hand and covering her mouth with the other, but before he could ask her what was wrong, he saw both her hands fly to her own chest, and she cried out in similar pain.  She tore open her own robe, and Blakstar caught a glimpse of red light before he averted his eyes as it was improper for him to look at her bare chest before they were married.  He heard her gasp again.
“What is happening to me?” she cried.  “Why is the sign of Gar burned with fire onto my chest?  Has he sold himself to the Great Lord, and dragged me with him?  I want nothing to do with Gar or anyone who associates with him!”
A feeling of dread filled Blakstar, and he looked again at the symbol on his own chest and realized that she was right: it was Gar’s sign burned into his chest.  He opened his mouth to deny that he was Gar’s servant, when he felt the area at the bottom of his belly and the top of his loins burn with similar lines of fire.  He opened his robe further to see new lines, but he could tell at once this was a different sign, and he heard the wetha stifle another scream of pain.  He looked up and, chancing a glance, saw her hunched over, her hands in the same place on her own body as the new sign on his own, then she suddenly straightened, her hands going to her lower back; Blakstar hastily turned his eyes back to himself, realizing that it was a ‘b’ rune written in fire on the lowest part of his belly.  Curiosity drew his eyes to the girl once more, and he saw that she had pulled her short robe up and off her bottom, which made him cringe, but there was the same rune written in fire at the base of her spine.  She was glaring at him over her shoulder, having noticed the rune inscribed on the lowest part of his belly; he hastily closed his robe, which caused her to grin mischievously.
“This is your fault!” she exclaimed, the grin sliding off her face as she stabbed a finger at him, causing him to jump.  He tried to look away, since she did not bother to close her robe.  “You have the same marks on you!”
“It is not his fault any more than it is yours,” the figure said, still speaking in the same calm voice.  “It is the fault of my rebellious brother, Gar, who seeks to thwart the plan by marking you both in this way.”
“I don’t believe you!” she denied.  “I don’t even know who you are, so why should I accept anything you say, since this is only a dream?”
“Ah, but this is a special dream–a special place,” the figure replied, and they could just see his smile.  “I understand how you feel,” he went on calmly, “but you must trust me, else Gar has already won.”
She started to protest, but the figure raised his hand and stopped her; Blakstar was surprised that she obeyed him.
“There is little time left,” the figure went on, waving his arm.  The darkness around them shimmered and became a clearing in the forest with the kortexem’s mountain towering nearby.  This clearing was blackened and burned; twisted trees surrounded it.  Near the center and turned toward the mountain, a blackened tree, more twisted than the others, grew at an odd angle to the ground; it curved away from the mountain, staying close to the ground, as if some giant foot had crushed it when a sapling.  The branches on the trunk had been broken off, leaving foot long stubs seared clean by whatever fire had blackened both the tree and the surrounding glade.
“I show you this place so that the two of you will know where you can meet when you dream,” the figure went on.  “Here you will come in your dreams; here you will be able to get to know one another, and I exhort you to look past your differences, for you will find that you are more alike than you are different.”
The wetha opened her mouth to retort, but her form suddenly flattened and began to shrink; Blakstar ran toward her.
“I will find you and rescue you!” he shouted to her.  He could see that she heard him, but she looked troubled, less sure of herself as she faded from view.  Blakstar turned to face the figure in white.  “I never got her name,” he said, and felt himself flattening and being pulled out of the world of dreams.  As his mind went blank, he heard a voice speak, as soft as an echo, the voice of the figure whispering to him.
“But you already know it. . . .”

Chapter 4

. . . then Gar went north
to Shigmar taking the disguise 
of a kailu long absent from revered
halls of learning to enter the sacred
glade of visions where evil had never
walked before. . . .

from “The Great Year,” song cycle by Sir Kovar, written 3553

A lone, young wethi wandered the forested slopes of the Monti-stethreu, or “Mountains of the Fallen Star,” the range forming the northern border of the valley of Shigmar.  The tall and broad shouldered wethi threw back his hood, revealing a mass of curly, brown hair.  He placed one brown booted foot on the trunk of a fallen larch, cradled his wooden staff in the crook of his right arm, and hooked his left thumb in his wide leather belt.  His brown eyes gazed at the forest surrounding him, seeing occasional patches of snow in sunken hollows and fresh new growth where the sun touched the forest floor.  Squirrels poked heads out of holes, inspecting the world they had left in the grip of winter and seeking fresh morsels to satisfy the hunger born of a long winter’s sleep.  The morning dew glistened and steamed wherever the sunlight touched; birds sang songs of renewal, passing overhead as they gathered twigs for new nests.  The young wethi inhaled deeply the air heavy with the scents of fir and pine.  He sighed as he exhaled.  For him, the forest was paradise, his place to go for gathering strength and peace.  He inhaled again and let the air escape slowly before stepping over the fallen larch and moving deeper into the forest.
His footfalls made no sound as he walked on the spongy mold of decaying leaves, needles, and bark.  The path he followed climbed closer to the granite cliff face jutting out of the forest, winding and turning back on itself as it climbed toward the cliff.  He heard the sound of water falling, growing to a roar as he left the trees and approached the cliff.  He paused at the final switchback, admiring the line of cascading water issuing from a cleft overhead and falling to a small pool some fifty feet below.  The sound of the water, swollen by the spring melt, drowned out the chatter of the birds bathing in the mist.  He reluctantly turned from the view, climbed the last fifty yards, and entered what appeared from the distance to be a crack in the granite cliff.  A short, damp tunnel ended in a smooth wall, which he tapped seven times with the end of his now green-glowing staff.  With the seventh rap, faint silver lines appeared, tracing intricate designs that surrounded the symbol of Shigmar about chest-high in the stone face.  He pulled a silver amulet from inside his green robes, hanging from a chain around his neck, and placed it on the glowing symbol.  The silver lines flared before fading, and the stone became transparent as a doorway opened into the glade.  Still holding the silver amulet before him, he stepped from the darkness of the tunnel into the sunlight filling the glade.
The clear blue sky bent down to touch the jagged, snow-capped mountains above him.  Tall, ancient cedars filled the secret glade, blocking all other views.  After Shigmar came to the valley to form his order of kailum, he received a vision of this secret glade and what he must do to enter.  The first kailu found the waterfall and the narrow opening, and he created the orthek that would open the doorway and prevent the uninitiated from finding this secret place.  In Shigmar’s order, the glade served as a place of vision and testing similar to the maghem’s Tower of Testing and the kortexem’s Mountain of Vision.  At the end of his or her apprenticeship, the new kailu would go to the glade to be tested and perhaps receive a vision of his or her life’s work.  Klaybear leaned on his staff and closed his eyes, drawing inner strength from the peace and solitude of the glade.  As his vision turned inward, he felt the very air of the glade alive with elemental energy, and where the air touched his skin, the hair on his hands, face, and head tingled as the energy flowed from the surrounding air into his being.  He shivered.  Opening his eyes, he saw his hands and staff pulsing with power in time with the beating of his heart.  Flash-flash, Flash-flash, Flash-flash . . . Flash-flash . . . the beat slowed, and he knew he had drawn too much energy.  Flash . . . flash.  He raised his staff and shouted the words, releasing a pillar of green fire heavenward, splitting the silence with reverberations that shook the ground and caused the ancient cedars to sway away from the fiery pillar, as if avoiding the unnatural concentration of elemental energy released by the kailu.  Klaybear leaned heavily on his staff, swaying with the trees and again drawing energy from the air around him.  He stopped the flow sooner this time, careful not to draw in too much.  The last, distant rumbles of his fire faded, and he could almost hear the trees sigh patiently at another novice mistake, caused by the concentration of elemental forces in this sacred place.
“Forgive, ancient ones,” Klaybear said with a bow.
“They are used to it,” a new voice replied.
At the glade’s heart lay a small clearing with an altar of stones.  Behind the altar, a boulder, shaped like a chair, held the wethi who had spoken, dressed in similar green robes, hood, tunic, and breeches.  One black-booted foot rested across the other knee; the boots were shiny, without a spot; the robes crisp and ironed; the wethi’s dark brown hair and beard groomed perfectly, and his eyes blue and bright, like his smile.  Klaybear moved slowly toward him, renewing his connection to the elemental forces of the glade without drawing any to himself.
“I am impressed by your childish display,” the stranger said; “do you often trouble the sky with such an ostentatious display of raw force?”
“I was warned of the energy filling this glade, although unprepared for how quickly it would over-replenish my reserves,” Klaybear replied.  “So you are right in calling it ‘childish’; it was a novice mistake.”  Klaybear halted in front of the altar, leaning on his staff.  “Who are you?” he asked, “I don’t remember seeing you at any of the annual gatherings of the mekala.”
“A messenger, simply garbed in a manner that would be familiar to you,” the stranger replied.
“Who sent you?” Klaybear asked.
“No one,” the wethi said, and the blue of his eyes deepened, approaching violet.
“Then. . . .”
“I am both sent and sender, message and messenger.  I am come to both open and close your vision, to inform and confuse, clear and cloud all the issues of your life.”
“What?” Klaybear asked, confused.
“You came seeking a vision, I sent and came myself to grant you a vision.”
Before Klaybear knew it had happened, his link to the elemental forces surrounding him was severed and the energy he held within himself drained away.  His knees gave way, hands slipped from the staff, and his body sank into darkness.

Gar rose from his seat, eyes now a deep violet, and passed around the altar to where Klaybear lay in a heap.  Stooping next to the fallen kailu, he grabbed the kailu’s right hand with his right hand; the unconscious Klaybear flinched at the touch of Gar’s hand.  Smoke squirted from between their hands as the Lord of Evil continued to squeeze the fallen kailu’s hand, until a moan escaped from Klaybear.  Then Gar released the hand, which continued to smolder, grunted some words, and Gar’s hand pulsed with red light.  He pressed his glowing right hand against Klaybear’s forehead, the kailu arched in silent agony, and smoke again squirted from under Gar’s hand and between his red-glowing fingers.  When the glow faded the Lord of Evil lifted his hand and examined the sign inscribed by fire into the fallen wethi’s forehead.
“Now your waking will be little better than the nightmare of your sleeping,” Gar said.  “Awake, the sign will mark your separation from those whom you would save.  Asleep, the sign will open visions of your future, and the horror of your visions will leave you sleepless.  Then, perhaps, you will truly taste the bitterness of being chosen.”
Gar raised himself and faced the altar.  His right hand held a ball of flame that he tossed onto the altar.  The ball grew, brightened, and surrounded the altar.  Sparks exploded from the altar’s flat surface, sizzling on the wet turf.  The altar tumbled; the flames winked out, leaving the glade in mournful silence.  The flat stone that had been the altar’s top now bore a mark, inscribed by flame from the same hand, similar to the mark, still smoldering on Klaybear’s forehead.  Only after the fall of the altar did the Lord of Evil smile, his eyes becoming bright blue again.  He gestured with his hand and a black archway opened in the air before him; he glanced once at the fallen kailu before stepping into the archway, which vanished as soon as he had passed through.

Klaybear inhabited a shadow-world.  Almost the moment consciousness returned, from long habit, a magluku flashed overhead, but its light was wan and pale.  He felt himself rolled onto his back and saw a shadow reaching toward his right hand.  He flinched when it touched his palm and arched in pain as his palm burned.  He tried to cry out in anguish but felt his air blocked, his voice mute.  His limbs did not respond to any command his mind issued, his body limp, numb but for the burning.  He felt the shadow release his hand and the burning became less sharp although it lingered.  Another shadow, pulsing with blackness, moved toward his forehead; his voiceless shout to flee went unheeded by his body.  The pulsing shadow stabbed into his head, a dagger of pure flame slicing into the center of his mind.  He wanted to scream, howl at the darkness, but his air was stopped.  He heard only a slight moan escape his mouth in spite of the violent contraction of his diaphragm.  His forehead screamed with agony where the shadow touched, and he again tried to will his body move away, to flee this torture, but his limbs remained limp.  The shadow pulled away from his forehead, but the pain increased within his head.  As if across great distances of time and space, he heard words that slammed into him like boulders falling from great heights: Now your waking will be little better than the nightmare of your sleeping.  Awake, the sign will mark your separation from those whom you would save.  Asleep, the sign will open visions of your future, and the horror of your visions will leave you sleepless.  Then, perhaps, you will truly taste the bitterness of being chosen.  The shadows withdrew, and a point of light blinked on, racing suddenly forward and entering his mind through the wound he had just received.  Images crashed into every corner of his thoughts, leaving him momentarily stunned by the speed and disorder with which they accosted his brain.
Young haggard older dead brother father crawling trailing blood fluid leaking staining sand wind beach tattered cloth jagged splinter blood red gushing arching agony sliding eyes open vacant red masses hair flying wet rain running gheli yellow grinning teeth curved steel flying slicing flesh rolling red hair trailing blood stopping body headless eyes vacant staring skyward black hair hanging muscles straining bonds sapling arched slicing cloth naked ponkola gyrating hips mounting bound figure clawing vainly shouts voiceless arched dagger plunging chest heaving heart dripping blood eyes vacant crackling blue-black hair fighting alone slain wethem fallen under puri steel biting flesh withering stream blood bubbling drinking potion bottled agony body shrunken aging seconds crackling blue-black hair falling bald beauty withering sweating blood eyes sunken vacant flesh rotting falling round face curly brown hair feet entangling webs shuddering struggling vainly voiceless shouts misshapen monstrous spider-shape puri face slicing skin limbs consuming eyes vacant staring empty sockets purgle robed black bony hand shooting fire red hair flaming brother flying flaming falling sword exploding bony cage robe withering purgle brother eyes open ashes falling vacant crumpling body naked swollen lying lashing red hair honey slicing belly blood klare face hollow eyes blood vacant empty staring unchild empty vacant staring eyes green blood red vacant spilling staining green trampling grass laughter echoeslaughterblood painlaughterstaring vacanteyeslaughter bloodbloodblood laughterpain painpainpainpain. . . .
A soft voice, barely heard, called to Klaybear three times before he opened his eyes.  He saw the tumbled altar with its new mark, a sign whose presence on the now fallen altar to the One stabbed his heart with fear.  Every muscle ached.  He pulled himself along the ground to the altar’s defaced top, grabbed a jagged piece of stone, and tried vainly to scratch out the sign still smoldering in the granite.  He remembered the pain of his hand and forehead, recalled the fire still smoldering in palm and forehead, and again passed painfully into darkness.
Older brother lost staining red tattered rags carrying shadow light rain soaking grass lightning flashing massed red hair passing crystal wind gheli tripping rolling head yellow teeth headless grimace red hair maghi holding brother lost blinking out black hair kortexi straining sapling ponkola gyrating hips arrow piercing blood throat gushing death stumbling blue-black hair falling life waters kortexi black mist rising beauty webs entangling awemi struggling older brother curved swords ice raining misshapen monstrous spider-shape puri face falling kortexi blade glowing slicing webs falling black-robed purgle rising bony hand shooting fire red hair flaming brother lunging flying sword exploding bony cage robe withering purgle brother eyes open ashes falling vacant crumpled body naked swollen lying lashing red honey hair slicing belly blood klare face empty staring eyes hollow green staining staff rod sword flaring belly whole lashes green white gold fire smoothing searing flesh blood chest moving eyes filling voice calling smile wicked robed evil dagger arching chest plunging open dead god laughter echoes blood stops dagger vanishing closing wound healing breath returning whirling black door Void thrusting evil robe anguish crying beyond timespacefallingclosingdrawnoutscreamsclosing silence. . . .
Kindly face white hair beard smiling eyes deep blue stars opening eternity mouth moving “thou art chosen art thou chosen chosen thou art art thou bitterness chosen thou art chosen bitterness” weeping mother rebel brother faithful world forming chaos oceans flowing mountains rising fountains trees plants fruits growing filling land grasses animals chewing swimming fish crawling mud insects flying people walking council voices dividing rebel brother falling inside rock confining light red sickly glowing tunneling rocks breaking surface taking children torturing purem bodies fires horns blackness red burning anger fighting brother kindly mouth “thou art chosen art thou chosen chosen thou art art thou bitterness chosen thou art chosen bitterness” interrupting bitter rupturing chaos staff rod sword shigmar melbarth karble kings seklesem evil rupturing order chaos opposition sustaining chaos order rupturing “bitterness chosen art thou bitterness thou art thou chosen thou art chosen art thou” kindly brother anger burning blackness horns trace bodies purem torturing children surface rocks glowing sickly falling rebel dividing council walking people flying insects swimming fish chewing animals grasses growing fruits plants trees fountains mountains oceans chaos world faithful rebel mother weeping “bitterness chosen bitterness thou chosen thou art chosen” eternity stars deep eyes smiling beard white face silence screams closing space time crying anguish evil void door whirling breath wound vanishing dagger blood echoes god dead open plunging dagger wicked smile voice eyes chest blood flesh fire belly sword rod staff hollow eyes staring empty face Klare blood belly slicing lashing swollen naked crumpled vacant falling ashes eyes brother purgle exploding sword flying brother flaming hair fire bony purgle falling webs face puri spider-shape monstrous raining ice sword curved brother older awemi webs beauty mist black kortexi waters hair stumbling death throat blood piercing arrow gyrating ponkola sapling kortexi black brother maghi headless rolling gheli wind crystal hair massed lightning grass rain light shadow rags red brother lost red rags carried. . . .
Klaybear wrenched himself awake, escaping for the moment the ebb and flow of his second vision.  His right hand and forehead throbbed in time with the heavy beating of his heart.  He again drew energy from the air around him, turning it upon the pain in his palm and head, trying to repair the damage suffered under the hand of the strange messenger.  A deer fly buzzed past; the birds twittered above; the burning in palm and forehead cooled, charred flesh replaced by whole skin, but the mark remained, a black stain in the new pink skin of his palm.  He altered the energy focused on his palm, using green kailu fire to erase the mark inscribed there.  But the touch of his healing fire upon the mark only increased his pain, the wound widened, and blood flowed red across his palm and down his wrist.  He moved like a three-legged dog to the stream, thrusting his hand into the water.  The heat felt so intense that he expected steam to bubble out of his palm, but the clear, cold mountain stream merely washed the blood from his hand and arm.  The mark shone darkly within his palm; he again turned the energy to healing, closing the wound, repairing the flesh.  The crystal surface of the water calmed, giving him a sudden reflection of his face; the new pink skin highlighted the stain of the mark inscribed in his forehead.  He turned his hand in the water, accidently bringing the mark in his palm into the reflection of the mark on his forehead.  When the reflection merged with the mark in his palm, red fire exploded from the water, striking the mark on his forehead, knocking him off his knees and onto his back, his head hitting one of the stones from the fallen altar.
. . . shadow rain grass lightning massed red hair crystal wind gheli rolling headless grimace maghi holding brother black kortexi sapling ponkola gyrating arrow blood throat death hair life waters kortexi black mist webs awemi curved blades ice glowing kortexi stabbing monstrous spider-shape puri face falling webs purgle bony hand fire red flaming brother sword exploding purgle brother eyes ashes vacant crumpled body naked swollen lashing red honey hair slicing belly blood klare face staring hollow green staff rod sword belly whole fire searing flesh blood chest eyes voice smile wicked dagger chest open dead god laughter echoes blood dagger wound breath whirling black door void evil anguish beyond timespacescreamsclosingsilence. . . .
Young older brother father blood fluid sand wind beach cloth jagged splinter blood agony eyes vacant red hair wet rain gheli grinning teeth steel flesh rolling hair blood body headless eyes vacant skyward black hair muscles bonds sapling slicing cloth naked ponkola gyrating mounting bound clawing voiceless dagger chest heart blood eyes vacant crackling hair alone slain comrades purem steel flesh stream blood potion agony body aging crackling blue-black bald blood eyes vacant flesh round face curly hair feet webs voiceless misshapen monstrous spider-shape puri face skin limbs eyes vacant staring empty robe black bony fire green red brother flaming sword exploding robe purgle brother eyes ashes vacant crumpled body naked swollen hair honey slicing belly blood Klare face hollow eyes blood vacant staring unchild empty staring eyes blood vacant green grass laughter echoeslaughterbloodpainlaughterstaringvacanteyes laughterbloodbloodbloodlaughterpainpainpainpainpain. . . .
Kindly face white beard smiling eyes blue stars eternity mouth moving “thou art chosen art thou chosen thou art thou bitterness chosen thou art bitterness” weeping mother rebel faithful world chaos oceans mountains fountains trees plants fruits land grasses animals chewing fish swimming insects flying people walking council rebel falling rock light sickly glowing rocks surface children torturing purem bodies fires horns burning anger brother mouth “thou art chosen art thou chosen thou art thou bitterness chosen thou art bitterness” evil order chaos staff rod sword shigmar melbarth karble kings seklesem rupturing chaos order chaos order “bitterness chosen thou chosen bitterness thou art thou chosen thou art chosen art thou” mouth brother anger burning blackness horns fires trace bodies purem children surface rocks glowing sickly light rock inside rebel voices council walking people flying insects swimming fish chewing animals grasses growing fruits plants trees fountains mountains oceans chaos forming world faithful rebel mother weeping “bitterness art thou chosen bitterness thou art chosen thou art chosen art thou” mouth eternity stars deep eyes smiling beard hair face kindly silence screams closing space time crying anguish robe void door black whirling breath healing wound dagger blood echoes laughter god dead chest dagger wicked smile voice eyes chest blood flesh fire gold white green lashes whole belly sword rod staff green hollow eyes staring empty face Klare blood belly slicing hair honey red lashing lying swollen naked body vacant ashes open eyes brother purgle robe bony sword brother flaming red green fire hand bony purgle robed-black webs face puri spider-shape monstrous misshapen older brother curved ice raining awemi webs beauty mist black kortexi waters life hair black-blue death throat blood arrow gyrating ponkola sapling kortexi black lost brother maghi red grimace headless teeth head gheli wind crystal red massed lightning grass rain light shadow rags red lost brother older lost. . . .
Klaybear groaned as he rolled onto his stomach, levering himself onto hands and knees.  He crawled slowly, painfully to the stream, putting his face close to the water, drinking deeply.  The crisp liquid cooled his parched throat, filled the emptiness, refreshed his soul.  He rolled carefully onto his back, looking at the cedars towering above, slowly replenishing his energy.  His palm and forehead burned as he drew energy to himself, but long before he could refill his empty reserves, the pain and burning rose to a fever pitch.  He stopped the flow, still feeling weak, unable even to ward off the simplest elemental attack.
“My Lord!” he moaned.  “It’s not supposed to be like this.”  Tears welled in his eyes, flowed hot down his cheeks and into his ears.  He sobbed.  “It isn’t suppose to happen this way!  How could I be chosen, marked as I am with the sign of thy rebel son?  Who will believe me?  Who will allow me to help?” He sobbed again.  “Of what use am I with the sign of thy enemy emblazoned in my right palm and forehead?  My Lord!”  He rolled onto his side, cradling his aching head in his forearm.  Tears flowed and sobs wracked the young wethi robed in green--a kailu of Shigmar, servant of Elos, loyal son of the One, marked with the sign of Gar, the One’s rebel son.

Chapter 5

For the kortexi, all sin is unforgivable, unless by the One, Himself, but such has never happened, and probably never will. . . .

from the Kodex Kortexem by Sir Karble III

Blakstar groaned and rolled onto his back, but the action only increased the pain throbbing in his head and the aching over his entire body.  He managed to open his eyes but could see little, his vision blurry, clouded by tears.  He lay for a time blinking at the sky, until the blurred lines sharpened, and he saw a dark line of twisted trees, a jagged demarcation between the shadowed trees and the Mountain of Vision drenched in the golden light of the setting sun.  He saw a face outlined on the mountain and rubbed his eyes, thinking that the tears must still be clouding his vision, or, since he found himself in the place he had been in the strange dream, still caught in his dreams.  When he looked again, the face still looked back at him from the stone, through deep blue eyes that seemed to open into the infinite depths of space; the blue eyes reminded him of the eyes of the girl who he had seen in his dream, the girl who was meant to be his future wife.  The mouth smiled and opened, as if the figure were beginning to speak.  Blakstar felt, rather than heard, the soft yet piercing voice within his mind.
“Sir Blakstar,” the voice called, “I have been waiting since the beginning of time for your arrival.  Even now, I wait at the mountain’s summit.  Climb quickly, that I may place your feet upon the path of your destiny.”
“But Lord,” Blakstar spoke aloud, rolling painfully to his knees and trying vainly to cover himself with the tattered remains of his clothing, “I cannot remember how I got here, or what happened to me, how I got these wounds . . . my clothes . . . I fear . . . ,” he sobbed, unable to continue as he noticed his tunic and hose had been torn open from his neck down to his knees.  He saw the red line inscribed on his naked chest and loins; he felt an unfamiliar ache in his groin, almost a sharp pain, and there was something wet and shiny on his front.  Clouds moved in from the northwest, blocking the sun’s last light, but the face in the stone glowed with its own light.  “I feel filthy,” he went on after controlling his emotions, “and defiled, but I don’t know why . . . I was trapped for a time in my own dreams, but someone came and . . . ,” he trailed off into silence.
“Do not be concerned over what might have happened.  Climb the mountain and be cleansed of my son’s forced violation.”
Blakstar lifted his head and saw tears filling the eyes and falling down the cheeks of the face in the stone of the mountain.  The face faded, and Blakstar felt warm drops splashing his face and arms.  He stood, face turned toward the clouds, as the drops fell faster, quickly becoming a downpour.  The warm rain washed the blood from his wrists–cuts he did not notice until the rain washed the blood away–from the lines inscribed on his chest, and belly, and the stains of from his whole body.  The raindrops eased the pain of his wounds, the ache of his head, and touched his spirit with peace.  When his burdens no longer troubled him, the rain stopped.  He turned toward the mountain, and as he turned he noticed aches in his legs and buttocks, sore muscles he did not know he even had.
“Thank you, Lord,” he whispered, his voice cracking, “I will come.”
Blakstar gathered up the broken strips of leather lying beneath the bent and broken tree and used them to tie his breeches, hose, and tunic closed.  Not up to his mother’s high standard for repairs, he thought, but good enough to keep them on.  He looked around the clearing, wondering what had become of Wingfoot and saw his steed tied to a tree at the clearing’s edge.  He moved toward the horse and the clouds parted, the last golden rays lighting the mountain.  In the fading light, he saw that Wingfoot had been stripped of all his gear; breath exploded from his lips and trailed off into a sigh.  He did not relish the idea of trying to return to Karble without tack or harness, and what little money he carried was in his missing saddle bags.  Wingfoot nuzzled Blakstar, sensing his master’s mood.  Blakstar absently scratched the horse under his muzzle, his mind on the strange dream and the elfin face of the girl with golden hair, before untying the rope and leading him toward the mountain hovering overhead.  Other strange images flashed across his mind, including the golden-haired wetha in a black robe along with flashes of a pura and a pair of ponkolam that he somehow knew were related; he also saw the image of a girl named Marta, daughter of friends of his parents, and something about her image caused his cheeks to color.  He jerked his thoughts back to the present.
Blakstar passed through the twisted, burned trees, which gave way to living pine, cedar, and fir, growing green and normal.  Within ten minutes he reached the foot of the mountain, and he circled west toward the sea.  A breeze blew into his face, bringing the smell of salt and fish; gulls cried overhead, and the sound of their voices mingled with the sound of surf rolling onto a beach.  At the place where forest, mountain, and beach met–a corner of the mountain jutting into the sea–a hut had been built and supplied by local farmers, marking the starting point for a kortexi’s ascent of the mountain.  Blakstar led Wingfoot into the corral next to the hut, filling the manger from supplies stored under the hut’s overhanging roof.  Wingfoot drank deeply from the trough before sniffing the hay and grain and giving his master a whinny of approval.  Blakstar scratched him behind his ears as he contentedly munched on the grain; Blakstar secured the gate, looking up at the mountain looming overhead.  The Mountain of Vision looked like a large, rectangular block of granite set on one of its smaller ends by some giant hand.  It four faces were sheer, and it could only be climbed by the teka path created for the kortexem.  His masters had told him not to be intimidated by the mountain’s size, as the ascent took much less time than one might suppose.  The teka path passed through the elemental realms before ending on the flat summit.  The journey’s length, he had been taught, depended on how quickly the kortexi learned the lesson of each element, and his masters taught him that faith and trust were more important in these tests than physical strength, stamina, and skill.  He entered the hut and began to eat a cold supper from the dried food he found stored within.
When he finished his meal, he removed his tattered clothes and boots and donned the simple white robe and sandals that would be his garb for the ascent.  On the wall of the hut that butted against the mountain was a small round depression, chest high.  Blakstar took the small token he had been given from a secret pocket inside one of his boots and placed it in the wall’s small depression.  The token, looking like a small piece of carved obsidian, glowed with golden light and was slowly absorbed into the wall.  When the token disappeared, Blakstar saw a door outlined, which he heard and saw grind slowly open.  He passed quickly through, the door beginning to close as soon as it was fully open; it shut with a hollow thud, leaving no sign of a door.  Magluku glowed along a short, rough-hewn hallway, leading to a vertical crack in the mountain’s west face.  He came to the crack’s innermost limit and saw that iron rungs had been driven into the wall, forming a ladder in the living rock.  As he climbed the ladder, the sound of the surf and gulls grew.  The ladder ascended nearly one-hundred feet, ending on a ledge that ran out to the mountain’s west face.  He could see a few faint stars winking in the sky over the sea, and the hut looking very small directly below him.  As his eyes adjusted to the gloom, the last magluku well below the top of the ladder, he noticed a faint golden glow emanating from a rod of iron that floated horizontally in the air.  The rod was about as long as he was tall, round, and an inch in diameter.  This glowing rod brought to mind the words of his last master, who prepared him for the ascent of the mountain: When you place your right hand on the rod, your sight will change: you will enter a monochrome world, neither night nor day, in which the rod becomes a golden, glowing line.  The line is your path up the mountain that will lead through the realms of the elements.  Do not let go of the rod!  It is your lifeline; it alone opens and maintains the path.  Do not be alarmed by anything you see or pass through: the rod and line will protect from harm and allow you to pass safely through every obstacle.  Once you begin to move do not stop or turn from the path: walk forward at an even pace, ignoring the forces that seem to assail you.  The rod will protect you from harm.  It is best in some places along the path to simply close your eyes and continue to walk forward.  You will understand what I mean and what the rod represents when you walk this path.
Blakstar stood next to the rod and grasped it firmly in his right hand.  The world changed.  Darkness turned to grayness; the stars stopped twinkling and became white spots in the gray sky.  The mountain turned black; the sea rolling onto the dark gray beach turned to a shade of gray lighter than the sand and darker than the sky.  The only color in his world came from the rod: a golden line above and next to a path not before seen, shot from the rod out of the crack and curved to his left.  He started to walk slowly forward, and the rod glided smoothly along the golden line.  On leaving the crack in the mountain’s west face, the path and line turned to the left and began to climb the northwest face of the mountain.  The path was clear for the first quarter mile, gaining elevation quickly through a series of switchbacks.  Blakstar turned another corner and faced a bulge in the cliff that blocked his path.  The golden line passed through the rock, becoming hazy inside the stone and regaining its brightness when it left the rock.  His first impulse was to try and step around the rock, but as he moved to the side the rod left the line and grew suddenly heavy; his vision returned to normal darkness and the path under his feet faded.  Remembering the words of his final lesson, he stepped back to the path pulling the rod back into the line of golden light.  Monochrome vision returned; he saw the rod sliding into the rock.  The rock faded, turning misty orange, as the rod followed the golden line, and the kortexi reached forward with his left hand to touch the rock’s surface.  He was surprised to see his own hand begin to fade and turn a misty, golden-orange, more surprised when the same hand seemed to slide into the rock, even as the rock seemed to slide into his hand.  As he moved slowly forward, his forearm faded and entered the rock, turning the same misty golden-orange as his hand, even as the rock entered his forearm.  His left foot stepped forward and into the rock, fading as the rock faded, turned misty orange, and entered his foot, and for the moment he was inside the rock, his monochrome world became misty orange, returning to monochrome as he left the rock.  He pressed forward, feeling the rock passing through his body as his body passed through the rock.  He shivered as he left the rock, wondering how he could have walked through a stone.  The path ahead turned into the face of the mountain, and the kortexi involuntarily slowed his pace, thinking of how unsettling the feeling had been of oozing through the rock as the rock oozed through him.
Do not slow down! a voice in his mind commanded, lest you have not the strength to go on!
By force of will alone, the kortexi strode forward, closing his eyes as the rock face faded to orange mistiness under the rod’s touch.  He pushed the rod forward, knowing that if he did not push it to the side, it would follow the golden line.  The rock oozed through him; the kortexi slid through the rock, but the darkness in his mind was pierced suddenly by flames, a ponkola face flowing into the face of Marta, a girl from his childhood, changing to the face of the girl in his dream blond hair bare skin lashed by white scars red blood his blood claws raking flames “b” rune inscribed in blood burning screaming pain Marta-ponkola head back face ecstatic hips shuddering flames clawing blood flames bloodpainflamesscreamingbloodflamesflames. . . .
His eyes jerked open.  The golden line moved ahead through the misty orange world even as body and stone flowed through each other.  He could stand the discomfort, he thought, more than he could the strange visions when his eyes closed, and what these images were or where they came from troubled him, for they were images of sin and he must avoid evil thoughts.  He tried to ignore the chilly, oozy feeling, concentrating on where he went through the rock to keep his mind off the images, except the blonde wetha, who caused strange, excited feelings in his heart; he thought of her and wondered what her name was, and what the figure in white had meant when he said that Blakstar already knew her name–he had no idea what her name was, so he simply thought of her as his ‘princess.’  He noticed the temperature around him rising, saw the orange mistiness lighten, change to a red-orange glow directly ahead.  He slid out of the rock and into a large cavern.  Heat and the stench of sulphur crashed into him; rivulets of red-orange lava cris-crossed the space before him.  Jets of fire shot up from the fire and molten rock, smashing into the ceiling high overhead and raining fragments of stone and gobs of melted rock onto the floor of the cavern.  The golden line wound through the cavern, crossing over the red hot flows of fire and molten rock.  The kortexi coughed as he walked, his lungs both oppressed and seared by the heat and stench of burning rock.  The first rivulets of fire were narrow and easily stepped over, although the heat emanating from the surface scorched his skin.  He thought he could see steam rising from his exposed skin, ruddy in the glow of molten rock.  The rivulets turned into streams, and he found it progressively more difficult to cross them.  The strength of his limbs and his resolve drained out of him, or perhaps, were boiled out of him by the oppressive heat.  He leapt across the widest flow yet, holding tightly to the rod.  A jet of flame and molten rock shot toward the ceiling, narrowly missing him as he crossed and raining shards of stone and hot ash onto his head.  His coughing slowed his movement, in spite of his resolve, and the voice spoke again in his mind.
Do not slow! the command repeated, then the voice softened.  You must trust me.
Blakstar tried to walk forward at his former pace, but the resistance to forward motion was greater, empowered by the heat and stench.  He came to an even wider flow and leaped across, even though he knew it was wider than he could jump in his weakened state.  He saw his foot fall short of the further side, felt the heat increasing as he fell toward the molten flow, felt the rod grow heavier as he pulled it down from the golden line, felt one foot seared by flames, heard the scream escape his lips, felt the other foot burning, heard the crackle and smelled the stench of his own flesh beginning to burn.
Feel the rod–trust in me! the voice commanded.
In the red anguish overcoming his mind, he noticed that the rod felt cool to his touch.  His eyes turned to his right hand, and with herculean effort, his arm raised the rod back into the golden line.  He felt himself lifted, the pain in his feet ceased, his breathing eased, the air felt cool as it passed his lips and filled his lungs.  He felt firm ground under his feet, although he knew he trod flames and liquid rock.  No sensation of burning touched his skin; no smell of burning flesh and sulphur filled his nose; no sight of steam rising from exposed skin; no acrid taste on his tongue, left by the air he breathed.  He noticed that he was surrounded by a blue glowing nimbus that protected him from the heat and burning.  He looked down and saw that he crossed a wide pool of fire.  Jets of flame were more frequent, lashing the sphere that surrounded him, curling around the blue-glowing nimbus without touching him.  The golden line he followed swung suddenly toward the ceiling and again entered the rock.
As has happened here, began the voice, cool and pleasant in his mind, so shall your life be preserved until you complete your life’s quest, if you but trust me.
The rod and kortexi slid smoothly into the rock; misty, orange darkness replaced the red glow of fire.  After a time of oozing through the rock, soft green replaced misty orange, water replaced rock.  The glowing nimbus surrounding him now turned yellow and provided him with air, as his path wandered among coral formations, the path about two feet off the floor of this ocean within the Mountain of Vision.  Fish swam past him of every shape and color imaginable; some transparent, shaped like umbrellas with long trailing ribbons; some round as a ball and covered with thorny spines; others flat like a carpet, skimming just above the ocean’s floor.  Still others had noses like saws, some so small he could barely see them, while others were as large as houses.  The fish avoided his sphere, swimming around it without taking any notice.  For a time, Blakstar paced forward, awestruck by what he saw.  The path left the coral and entered an open, flat area at the ocean’s bottom.  He saw the wreck of a ship just ahead, most of its bow missing.  There were many holes in its sides, with fish of various sizes and types, swimming lazily in and out of the wreck.  Only jagged stubs remained of the masts.  The path angled to the left past the broken bow of the former ship.  As the kortexi passed the dark opening, large dark tentacles shot out of the wreck, wrapping themselves around his sphere of protection.  Instinctively, he ducked, but quickly remembered the lesson of the fire realm.  The pressure inside the sphere grew as the tentacles tightened their grip.  Blakstar focused his attention on the rod, reminding himself that nothing would harm him as long as he trusted in the being who directed his path.  The pressure eased as the tentacles lost interest, returning docilely to the darkness inside the wreck.
The path turned to the right on passing the wreck and moved toward a line of underwater hills.  At the base of the one nearest to him, the kortexi saw a dark opening, slightly illuminated by the glow of the golden line.  His path descended to the floor of this underwater cave, and he felt the give of wet sand under his feet.  Looking back he could see the shape of his sandals imprinted in the sand.  The glow of the golden line illuminated the cave floor, and his eyes were caught by things sparkling.  Looking down, he saw gold and silver coins, gems, bracelets and necklaces, armor, swords, and weapons of every possible type.  Their number increased until the floor was completely covered by wealth unimaginable.  As he walked along, he felt something hard and cold get caught in the toe of his sandal.  Reaching down with his left hand, he removed the object from his sandal and found himself holding an ornately carved, golden key of some ancient design attached to a fine, golden chain.  He thought he heard a bell ring somewhere in the distance, and so without thinking, dropped the chain around his neck, felt its coolness, and felt the key clunk against his chest.  The golden line he followed swerved suddenly into the roof of this underwater passage, and the kortexi oozed again into the stony orange mistiness.
After a time in the misty, rocky-orange darkness, light began to grow in front of him again, its brilliance blinding; the kortexi slid out of the rock and into a world of brilliant blue light and absolute cold.  Blakstar shielded his eyes, pulling the hood of his white robe down over his face to protect his vision from the glare that he knew could instantly blind one who stared into its brilliance.  He felt the rod warming under his hand, and caught a glimpse of red, the nimbus surrounding him with heat in response to the frigid cold of this elemental realm of ice.  As his eyes adjusted, he could see through the cloth of the hood that he was surrounded by sharp, jagged formations of ice, pointing at him from all directions.  His feet trod across the points of ice that formed the floor of the tunnel, and his shoulders and arms brushed past points jutting out from the wall; over his head, the ceiling was covered with more icicles, like a multitude of spears or daggers, ready to stab him from above, beside, and beneath.
The narrow tunnel through which the golden path moved, opened into a large vertical shaft.  Blakstar glanced up as he entered this new space and saw the shaft had a domed ceiling high overhead, covered with what looked like from this distance, long, thin crystal icicles, the shaft itself was crossed and re-crossed by the golden path on thin and narrow bridge-like ice structures without any visible means of support.  As he followed his path across the floor of this huge shaft, which was uneven and covered with broken chunks of ice, the entire room shook violently, and many of the icicles attached to the domed ceiling high above broke loose and came crashing to the floor, some of them smashing through the path as they fell, breaking away sections of the path and adding to the disorder of the floor.  Blakstar swallowed hard, realizing that he had to cross all of the path overhead in order to move on, and the cold of the realm was seeping into the protective nimbus surrounding him.  Recalling what he had learned thus far, he concentrated on the golden rod, willing it to warm him, and with his free hand, he pulled his hood tighter over his eyes.
The shaft shook violently again; the kortexi did his best to ignore it, continuing to walk forward, trusting that the rod and golden line would lead him forward.  Blakstar heard the chunks of ice crashing down around him, and felt the sudden impact when something struck his protective nimbus; he was shocked when he discovered that, for a moment, his forward progress halted: it was only a stutter in his movement, a mere hesitation of motion, but in the realms of this journey, such a hesitation could be enough to slow him down and ultimately stop him.  He realized that he needed to know why his motion had stuttered; he loosened his hood slightly, enough so that he could see the activity around him.  He continued to walk forward, striving to increase his pace, knowing that it would slow the next time he was hit by falling ice.  The shaking happened almost at once, seemingly in response to his desire to see, and several large chunks of ice slammed against his protective nimbus, which flashed red in response, but for an instant, he and his protective sphere were completely encased in transparent ice several inches thick.  In the moment he was surrounded by ice, his motion stuttered, then the crystal sphere shattered, and he moved forward again, although more slowly than before.
Trust me, came the words to his mind.
Blakstar thought for a moment; in the realm of fire, what he needed was to be cooled by the rod.  Here, he needed the opposite, and the rod had been supplying him with heat, but it was insufficient, as it had been in the fire realm until. . . .  The ground shook again, dislodging what seemed an endless supply of giant icicles from the ceiling, and the kortexi knew what he must do: he must become a living flame to counteract the cold of this realm; he willed the rod to warm, to heat, and to burn with red fire, and he was surrounded by flames that turned the falling chunks of ice to steam before they crashed into his protective nimbus.  The path turned, climbed the wall of the shaft, then started to cross by one of the many thin, narrow bridges.  Blakstar then noticed that his red, flaming nimbus had the same effect on the thin path beneath his feet as it had on the falling ice: the narrow bridge was beginning to steam and melt away.  The kortexi drew a sharp breath, beginning to panic, not knowing how to protect himself from the falling debris that would stop him without obliterating the path upon which he walked.  He started to slow, and realized instantly that this action was a mistake, as the thin bridge steamed away more quickly.
Do not slow! the voice came to his mind, but there was a hint of laughter in the voice, which surprised him as much as the disappearing bridge.  Blakstar tried to protest, but the voice went on.  Have I failed you?  Has the path failed you?  Think about from where the threat that slows you comes, and there was amusement in the voice.
“From above,” Blakstar replied.
So alter your shield, the voice laughed.
“Oh, yeah, I didn’t think of that,” he replied, and as he wondered how to protect himself only from falling debris, he felt the nimbus alter, and saw the bridge under his feet cease to steam.
Always turn your shield toward the threat, which is usually the simplest solution to most problems.
The path moved straight toward the rock wall of the shaft, taking him out of the ice and back into the misty orange of the rock that formed the Mountain of Vision.

Light grew in front of him; he saw the golden line leaving the rock, moving off into open air.  As he approached the edge of the stone, he saw empty space and the monochrome ocean and beach far below.  He felt a twinge of fear deep in his middle as he left the rock and stepped into open air.  He heard the rumble of thunder overhead, and in front of him, he saw huge, dark clouds approaching rapidly from the west.  As his path climbed higher in the sky, the storm clouds surrounded the mountain, obscuring his vision.  Multi-forked bolts of white lightning crackled around him, rending the air with deafening peals of thunder.  A single bolt struck his nimbus of protection and curled around it, lighting the kortexi’s face with flashes of pure white; he felt his skin tingle and all his hair standing up.  He thought that he was climbing before the clouds encircled him, and his path and line soon left the clouds, leveling off on top of them.  The golden line curved around the huge anvil shape towering over him, moving around the storm’s center.  Circling around the storm, he could see small colorful shapes flying that looked like lizards with wings.  Four noticed his presence, diving from overhead toward him.  As they came nearer, he realized that they were aperum colored red, yellow, blue, and orange.  Each flew past him and his sphere, its bat-like wings spread wide and its teeth bared in a reptilian grin, mouth open and releasing the full fury of its breath, of fire, lightning, frost, and acid.  Having learned well his response to each attack, the kortexi kept his thoughts focused on the rod, walking forward and willing the sphere to turn back each breath attack.  Each aperu screamed in fury after each released its breath against Blakstar.  The red, the apparent leader, howled to its companions, who responded to his call by hovering above the kortexi and attacking in unison.  Again, Blakstar kept his thoughts focused on the rod as he walked forward, mentally reinforcing his shield.  The aperum roared in fury, calling for their master.  Orkegan, Lord of the Skies, flew down to stand on the cloud to Blakstar’s left.  He appeared to be a large wethi-shaped figure with black, feathered wings at his back, legs ending in talons, like a bird of prey.  He grinned as he looked at the kortexi walking on the clouds.
“It appears, my children,” Orkegan said, “that you have been thwarted by a questing kortexi.  Perhaps I am to aid you in ending his quest.”  He stroked the jeweled scepter he held in his right hand.  He nodded to the kortexi.  “We were actually expecting you; the Great Lord informed me of your approach and gave me leave to do whatever pleased me.  As his loyal prince, I feel constrained to obey, although I wish to rule no other realm but the skies.”  He raised his left hand, palm outward, toward the aperum circling above.  Four beams of light shot from his hand and surrounded each aperu, causing each to glow with its particular color.
“Now, my children,” Orkegan said, “you have the strength to pierce his shield.”
Recalling the promise he had been given, Blakstar threw all his will into reinforcing his shield, making it impervious to the enhanced breath of each aperu.  Orkegan had expected this response and nodded once.  For the third time, the aperum attacked the kortexi with fire, lightning, frost, and acid.  At the same time, the evil lord of the skies pointed his scepter toward Blakstar and said, in a breathy voice, “ghwergheusum.”
The sudden blast of wind did not affect the aperum or Orkegan, being creatures of the air, but the wind struck Blakstar’s nimbus of protection like the punch of a megatri.  Too late, the kortexi realized his threat: the aperum were not meant to pierce his shield, only to cause him to make it impervious to any attack.  The evil lord of the sky’s hurricane blast of wind was meant to push rod and kortexi out of the golden line they followed.
Orkegan smiled as he watched Blakstar tumble head over heels into the clouds below, still gripping the now useless iron rod.  “Quite simple.”

Paaki, one of the ekludi contingent guarding the aerial approaches to the Mountain of Vision, felt the evil force driving the storm threatening the mountain.  He had also been warned, when he came on watch, that a questing kortexi of great importance would ascend the mountain while he was on patrol.  Knowing of Orkegan’s hatred toward the kortexem, Paaki sent a mental summons to his wing of gold aperum to join him in investigating the storm.  He knew from experience that the evil lord of the skies would attack the kortexi in the elemental realm of air.  Paaki sent another thought, informing his second, who would strengthen the Mountain’s defenses by summoning extra flights of silver and bronze aperum aloft, with their respective ekludi leaders.  He rose higher in the air and took his place at the head of his wing of aperum.  The ekludi were akin to the land-born kerono, but much, much larger, nearly the size of the smaller aperum, moving through the air like a wisp of golden cloud; in ancient, ekludi meant “floating horse.”  The hooves of the ekludi never touched earth.  Its golden mane was full and merged with a long, flowing tail of the same sunny hue; its coat was scaled and the color of the sun on a cloudless day; its hooves and horn blushed the rosy pink color of the sunrise.  They followed the path of the mind and were proficient tekson.  Mind-speech was their only form of communication, but with it, they could converse with all creatures, including wethem.  In the world’s beginning, they were close friends of Melbarth, Shigmar, and Karble, and still supported the heirs of each order.  Holvar himself set them to this task, along with the aperum, to guard the Mountain of Vision from Orkegan and his minions.
Paaki led his wing above the storm to find the force driving it and disperse it before the questing kortexi entered this realm.  Floating above the thunder head, Paaki saw the evil aperum circling in frenzied worship of the ansu that drove the storm.  He also saw the four aperum descend, attack the kortexi, and summon Orkegan.  He sent a summons to his second with instructions to bring up two other wings and attack the aperum, driving off both them and the ansu controlling the storm.  Knowing what Orkegan would do, he and his wing dove toward the kortexi, half of them diving on the aperum and the other half diving beneath the kortexi.  Paaki saw Orkegan reinforce his aperum and raise his scepter.  Too late, he hurled a mental no to the kortexi.  Half his wing was nearly beneath the kortexi, so he and the other half charged the four aperum and Orkegan.  The ekludi leader knew he could not destroy the evil lord of the skies, but he could at least make him very uncomfortable.  He lowered his head and crashed into Orkegan’s unprotected back.  The force of Paaki’s charge impaled Orkegan on his teka horn, causing the evil sky lord to drop his scepter, which fell into the sea far below.  Paaki threw back his head to remove the broken body from his horn.  The body immediately disappeared; the aperum fled after seeing the fall of their lord; the ansu driving the storm howled defiance but withdrew, and the clouds began to disperse.  Paaki knew that it would be long before Orkegan troubled questing kortexem again.
Good work, Paaki thought to his wing when he saw one of his gold wingmen rising from the clouds holding the shocked kortexi gently in his forelegs.  Let us take him to the summit, he sent to his wing, leading them to the mountain’s summit, where the gold aperu carrying the kortexi landed and gave the kortexi to the keeper, who stood waiting for them to arrive.

Chapter 6
Of all the symbols ever conceived, none strike as much terror in the hearts of those who behold it as the mark of Gar. . . .

Sheldu, Headmaster of Shigmar, 961-1013

Klaybear limped slowly out of the crack in the cliff face, his eyes red and swollen.  His body ached as if he had been clubbed repeatedly; he leaned heavily upon his wooden staff as he walked slowly down the trail past the waterfall.  The shadows of the trees were long, and the sun low in the west.  His head ached, especially his forehead, where his wound throbbed in time to the heavy beating of his heart.  He followed the trail down, back and forth across the steep hill before the cliff, and re-entered the forest he loved.  He inhaled deeply, hoping to soothe the tattered edges of both mind and spirit, but the air only started a fit of coughing, which increased the discomfort of body and mind.  Throughout the afternoon he had tried various forms of healing to repair the damage to his forehead and hand, and to ease the pain, but the damage went deeper than he was capable of repairing.  He still had hope that one of his kailu masters, or all of them combined, could effect some repair.  He had even tried one of the healing potions he carried, thinking that a orthek prepared by someone else might be effective, but the potion only hurled him back into the endless, chaotic gyre of his tortured visions, chaotic images compressed and piled one on top of the other.  The only relief came when he tried one of the sleeping potions he carried, which sent him, for a time, into a deep sleep untroubled by his visions.  However, when his mind began to rise from deep sleep to waking, late in the afternoon, he was thrust again into the nightmarish cycle of shattered images given to him by the messenger of evil.  He moved slowly, carefully, along the trail.
Long after sunset, Klaybear shambled slowly down the last slope before the trail joined the main road into Shigmar.  He stopped within the deeper shadow under the trees to listen for any sounds that might come from the road.  He was close enough to the gates of Shigmar--within a mile--that brigands were generally not a problem.  Yet the events of this day made him more wary and cautious than normal.  He prepared a sleep orthek as he listened, but heard only the croaking of distant frogs, chirping of crickets, and the occasional soft sound of a bat flitting by.  Satisfied that the road near him was empty, Klaybear stepped out of the trees and followed the trail down to the road.  He stopped suddenly, hearing what he thought sounded like a light cough coming from the trees opposite the trail.  The kailu threw himself off the road into the ditch on the trail’s side and waited, listening intently.  He heard someone talking softly.
“Wretches,” the voice whispered, talking to himself, “trust a stranger with promises of ghelwum and see what you get: beaten, dragged through mud and leaves, and left for dead without even a scrap of food for your trouble.  My grandmother warned me to be wary of their kind, but the hint of ghelwum trapped me again; will I ever learn?  What’s that?  Someone’s there; I’d better get further out of sight before they . . . too late.  Please!” the voice grew suddenly loud, “have mercy on a poor abused traveler!  I’m nearly dead!  Hurt me no more!”
“Peace, my injured friend,” Klaybear said, rising carefully to his feet and moving toward the voice.  “I am a kailu of Shigmar; I’m duty bound to help those in need.”
“Thank the One!” the voice sighed.  “I feared my assailants had returned to finish the job.  Robbing me wasn’t enough: they dragged me behind their horses for sport.  Only this small dagger, hidden in my belt, saved me from certain death.”
Klaybear spoke a word and a small magluku flared above his head.  The figure, as small as a child, huddled in the ditch at the side of the road.  The red highlights in the figure’s curly, brown hair sparkled in the magluku.  Klaybear took a clean cloth, wet it with water from his waterskin, and carefully wiped the dirt from the figure’s face.  The small figure had a round, innocent face that made the kailu wonder what kind of person would harm anyone looking so innocent.  In the magluku he could see the same curly brown hair with red highlights on the back of the figure’s small hands and the tops of his bare feet, an awemi, he thought.  Now that he had cleaned most of the dirt from the awemi’s face, Klaybear saw him clearly for the first time.  The kailu’s hand and forehead began to throb; images boiled to the surface of his thoughts, exploding from the chaos of his vision: eyes sunken vacant flesh rotting falling round face curly brown hair feet entangled webs shuddering struggling vainly voiceless shouts monstrous misshapen spider-shape puri face slicing skin limbs consuming eyes vacant staring empty falling webs slicing kortexi slaying face puri spider-shape misshapen raining ice swords curved brother older struggling awemi entangling webs entangling awemi struggling older brother curved swords raining ice monstrous spider shape puri face slaying kortexi slicing webs falling. . . .  Klaybear fell back against the road, stunned by the forcefulness of his chaotic vision, which supplanted and overcame, for several moments, his conscious surroundings; the shock of striking the ground after falling jerked him back to the present.  When his sight returned to the material world around him, he saw the wounded awemi cringing, inching away from him.  He also saw that his white magluku was tainted with a pulsing red glow, reflecting garishly off of the awemi’s troubled face.
“What’s wrong?” Klaybear asked.
The awemi stared at him, face still lit by pulsing red light, and moved slowly away.  “You just leave me a bottle of Shigmar’s miracle potion and I’ll slip into the woods, never to trouble y-uh . . . the kailum of Shigmar again.”
Klaybear looked down and saw the mark in his palm pulsing with angry red light.  He guessed that his forehead must also be pulsing and glowing.  He hung his head and heard, echoing as if from deep in his mind, the words of the cruel messenger: Awake, the sign will mark your separation from those you would save. . . .  He sobbed, tasting the first bitter dregs of the cup thrust upon him by the messenger.  He raised his head to the awemi and tried to cover his forehead with his hood.
“Fear not!” Klaybear said.  “I am a kailu of Shigmar and will do everything in my power to aid you.”
“Why do you glow with angry light when you look upon my face?” asked the awemi, still looking like he was ready to crawl away into the woods.  “Why do I see the sign of Gar burning in your forehead?” he added in a voice that quavered with fear.
“First, let me heal you, then I’ll try to explain, although I do not understand myself why it has happened, or what the red light means.”  Klaybear drew energy from the air around them and focused it on his left hand, which he raised to the awemi.  “See the green light of healing.”  He reached toward the awemi and laid his hand upon the awemi’s head.  Klaybear felt a pang as he saw the wounded, young awemi shy away from his healing touch but pressed his hand against the awemi’s head, releasing the orthek of healing.  “Depending on the seriousness of your wounds, you may grow suddenly tired and fall into a healing sleep.  I can take you to my home in Shigmar, where you will be able to rest until fully healed.  Or, if you already have a place to stay. . . .”  Klaybear left his sentence unfinished.
The awemi, the fear still plain on his face, eyes focused on the red light pulsing in Klaybear’s face, shaped like the mark of Gar, allowed Klaybear to touch him with the kailu’s orthek.  Then the awemi gingerly touched where the scrapes on his arms had been and smiled weakly up at Klaybear.  “The look you gave me,” he went on conversationally, “and the light that followed frightened me nearly to flight, but I feel the true power of your healing and believe that I can trust a kailu of Shigmar.  Now tell me why you started . . . glowing,” he finished, searching for a word.
“I don’t know about the pulsing light,” Klaybear began, “but this morning I was given these signs by someone who I guess must have been an agent of evil.  He burned them, somehow, into my palm and forehead and followed them with some kind of corrupted vision.  I don’t know how else to describe it, but the vision I was given was jumbled, as if I showed you a bunch of pictures in rapid succession without giving you any clear connectors between them.  The images were crunched together, piled one on top of the other, and they repeated, backward and forward, as long as I stayed in that state between asleep and awake, where dreams occur.”
“How does it relate to me?” the awemi asked, as Klaybear paused for a moment, trying to comprehend what had been done to him.
“Your face was one of many that I saw, repeated throughout the visions,” Klaybear continued, “with some variations.  You I saw, trapped in the webs of a monstrous, misshapen spider-like creature, with a puri face, who first came and tore you to pieces, feasting on your flesh.”  The awemi shuddered and groaned, flinching away.  “Then later, I saw you caught in the same web with the same monstrosity, but I think a seklesi wielding a pair of curved swords that dripped ice came to fight the monster, along with a kortexi, who killed the bloated fiend, and sliced you free of the webs.  But these differing visions of your plight were inserted between other images and repeated, forward and backward, throughout the whole vision.  So I am not sure where the images that included you begin or end, or if I am actually interpreting them correctly.”  Klaybear paused again, wondering how he could make sense out of the things he had seen, especially the fact that the seklesi he had seen come to rescue the awemi was his missing older brother, who they believed was dead.
The awemi yawned.  “I’ll take the second one, if it’s all the same to you.”
Klaybear smiled.  “Yes, being rescued would be preferable to being eaten.”
“I fear,” another yawn, “I’m slipping away.”
“Where shall I take you?”  Klaybear asked.
“I trust you.”  The awemi yawned again, reaching out to touch his arm.
“If you would hold me around the neck, I’ll carry you on my back.”  He squatted down with his back to the awemi, who just managed to get his arms around Klaybear’s neck before sleep took him.  Klaybear stood easily, in spite of his difficult day, for the awemi weighed little more than a child of the same size.  He slipped his staff under his belt between his back and the awemi.  With his left, uninjured hand, Klaybear held the awemi’s hands, clasped together under his chin, canceled his magluku with the single word, “neki,” and moved back onto the road, trudging toward the walls of Shigmar.
Klaybear was drenched in sweat by the time he neared the gates of Shigmar.  Although the awemi weighed little, Klaybear’s day had not been easy, and he found himself drawing more and more energy from the air around him.  He was tired and footsore when he turned from the road and entered a small grove of aspen trees that shielded a telepad, the only way of entering the city after the gates were closed.  This particular pad, and the one inside the walls in the kailu ‘safe house’ to which it was connected, were connected by a specialized teka, such that passage was only possible between the two pads, placing them in a different category from typical teleportation ortheks: passage between these two was instantaneous, whereas normal teleportation took precisely one hour to travel between telepads.  Shigmar, like all cities in the realm, was shielded against teleport ortheks, preventing enemies from simply appearing inside the walls by means of teleportation.  The main telepad of Shigmar, known by members of the other orders of good, allowed entry into the city by using the telepad.  The pad known only to kailum was specially tuned to the pad outside the walls, hidden in the grove of aspens.  The novice kailu could pass from one pad to the other, simply by speaking the word, “entos,” while holding his or her symbol of Shigmar.  Klaybear stepped onto the pad, inscribed with special symbols of teka, and held up his silver symbol.  He spoke the word of command; the aspens faded and the room appeared, but he entered slightly off-balance.  He staggered to one side, dropping his silver symbol so that it swung back and forth on its chain while he danced drunkenly across the floor, finally regaining his balance without losing his passenger.  He felt a hand on his shoulder.
“Klaybear,” a voice began, “are you all right?  You look rather flushed.”
He turned and saw Rebeth, a young kailu the same age as Klaybear, shorter, well-built, with dark curly hair and dark eyes.  “Just a little tired,” Klaybear admitted, “I had a rough day.”
“Rough day in the grove?” Rebeth asked eyebrows raising.
“Yes,” he replied, “something is amiss.  I found a wethi there, one who I did not recognize, garbed as a kailu; there was something familiar about him that I think I should recognize, but I cannot decide what it was.  He somehow branded me,” he held up his hand and pointed to his forehead, “carved the same mark on the altar before destroying it, and turned my vision into some kind of neverending nightmare.”
Rebeth looked stunned.  “Klaybear, this isn’t another one of your jokes?” he asked.  “You’ve always been fond of playing pranks on me.”  He smiled weakly.
Klaybear shook his head.  “I wish it were, Rebeth,” he sighed.  “I wish it were.”
“That might explain why the masters were restless and ate little at supper,” Rebeth said.  “And some have been here several times looking for you.”
“Who’s been here?” Klaybear asked.
“Myron, three times,” Rebeth noted.  “He was here an hour ago, checking for your arrival.  He left me a message that you should see him as early as possible tomorrow.”
“Who else?”
“Your wife,” Rebeth grinned slyly, “although I lost count of the number of times she’s been here since I came on watch.  Mirelle told me she had been visiting all afternoon.  She was very agitated the last time she was here, about half an hour ago.”
Klaybear groaned.  “Sorry, Rebeth,” he apologized.  “I told her I would be home by supper time.”
“Who’s your small passenger?” Rebeth asked, pointing to the awemi on Klaybear’s back.
“An awemi I found lying in the ditch about a mile from the wall,” Klaybear replied.  “Oddly enough, he was one of the faces I saw.”
“I’ll send a report to the masters,” Rebeth noted, “so they should know by morning.  Meanwhile, you better get home before Klare comes again; I’ll be surprised if you get home without meeting her,” Rebeth smiled and gave Klaybear a pat on the shoulder.  “See you later.”
“Goodbye, my friend.”
He left the small house in the northwest quarter and moved at his fastest speed, which was only a slow walk, toward his home near the school of the kailum.  He prepared himself for a scolding, knowing his wife of less than a year would be very upset by his not coming home when he said he would.  He mulled over in his mind possible responses to his wife’s wrath, thinking of way he might divert her from her anger.  The awemi, although asleep, might be useful; her desire to help those in need would cool her anger.  Eventually, after leaving the northwest quarter of the city, passing through the west quarter and entering the southwest quarter, he turned down his street and steered toward the only house still lit.  He opened the door and went in.
“Hello, dear,” Klaybear called, trying to make his voice light.  “I’m home.”
“Oooh! You!” Klare’s voice shouted from another room.  “And about time!  Leaving me here half the night wondering if you still lived or if you were lying wounded in the ditch somewhere, unconscious or worse.  I’ve half a mind to send you to the backyard to sleep with the dog!”
“But we don’t have a dog,” Klaybear mumbled to himself as he moved into the guest room and laid the awemi carefully on the bed.  He turned back to the door, hearing his wife bustle in, and started to speak.  “Look what I’ve. . . .”  He stopped mid-sentence, interrupted when his eyes fell upon Klare’s face.  As with the awemi, so also the face of his wife triggered another explosion of images from his vision.  He staggered back onto the bed and felt his forehead and hand begin to pulse: eyes open ashes falling vacant crumpled body naked swollen lying lashed red hair honey sliced belly blood klare face hollow eyes “Klaybear?” blood vacant empty staring unchild empty vacant staring eyes green blood red vacant spilled staining green trampled grass laughter eyes open ashes falling vacant crumpled body naked swollen lying lashed red honey hair sliced belly blood klare face empty staring eyes hollow green staining staff rod sword flaring belly whole lashes green white gold fire smoothing searing flesh blood chest moving eyes filled voice calling smile calling voice “Klaybear!” filled eyes moving chest blood flesh searing smoothing fire gold white green lashes whole belly flaring sword rod staff staining green hollow eyes staring empty face klare blood belly sliced hair honey red lashed lying swollen naked body crumpled vacant falling ashes open echoeslaughterbloodpainlaughterstaringvacant eyeslaughterbloodbloodbloodlaughterpainpainpainpainpain. . . .  Klare’s face, wrinkled with concern and calling him, cut-off the explosion of images hurled into his consciousness.
“Klaybear!” Klare shook him, her voice now sounding frightened.  “Are you ill?  Why does the wound on your forehead pulse with angry red light?  I feared to touch you. . . .”
Klaybear saw the tears forming in her green eyes and wrapped his arms tightly about her small, lithe body.  He sobbed as he buried his face in her honey-flecked brown hair and smelled the scent of lilacs blooming.  She held him as fiercely as he held her, waiting for his sobs to subside before releasing him and looking deeply into his brown eyes.  She stroked his curly hair and, with the fingers of her mind, tried to sooth and smooth his troubled thoughts.  He could feel her mental fingers smoothing the chaos in his mind, wishing all the time that he could share his troubles to ease the burden of his mind and help his heart settle down.  When he relaxed, she kissed him once on the cheek and stood to examine the person he had brought home.  Her hands glowed green, and she moved from head to toe and back again, pausing occasionally to heal the awemi’s cuts and bruises.
“Where did you find him?” she asked as she let her hands fall to her sides, the green light winking out.
“Lying in a ditch.  He claimed to have been dragged there behind the horses of his assailants, escaping by means of a dagger hidden in his belt.  But his wounds do not seem grievous.”
“No, minor cut and abrasions.  No signs of internal injuries.  How soon after you cast a healing orthek upon him did he go to sleep?”
“Five minutes, maybe longer.”
“Nothing serious then.”  She held one hand out to her him.  “Come on, I’ll bet you’re hungry.”
He took her hand and pulled himself to his feet.  “Not very, but I’m sure a bite of something would help.  Sorry I’m so late,” he added, smiling weakly.
She nodded and led him to the kitchen, seated him at the table, and moved to one of the counters.  “Now tell me what happened while I make you a sandwich,” she said, taking a loaf of bread from one of the cupboards.
Klaybear began to recount his day, from the time he left home early in the morning until he returned.  Klare interrupted him at the point where the messenger first spoke.
“You didn’t see him before, when you entered the glade?” Klare asked, turning from the counter and ceasing to slice the loaf of bread; she held the knife poised to slice down.
“No, I didn’t see him until after he spoke,” Klaybear replied.  “He could have been hiding behind one of the trees and stepped out when I released the energy.”
“I thought you said he was sitting in Elos’s Chair?”  Klare turned back to the counter and set the knife down, putting sliced beef and cheese along with a leaf of lettuce on the sandwich.
“He was.”
“It would be difficult for anyone to step from behind one of the trees and sit on Elos’s Chair without being seen; both altar and chair are in plain view from where you were standing.”  Klare placed the sandwich she made on a plate and carried it to the table.  “What will you drink, dear?”
“Milk, to soothe my stomach.”
Klare took a glass from another cupboard and took a bottle of milk from their tengle.  “You didn’t notice any surges of power before you saw him?”  She filled the glass and returned the bottle to their tengle.
“No, and because of the excess of energy I had taken in, I would have felt even the smallest orthek.  The fact that he sat in the Elos’s Chair put me slightly off-guard: only a servant of the One, I thought, would sit in his chair.  Also, there was something about him that seemed familiar, but I cannot recall what.”
“Something about his clothing,” Klare began, “or the way he talked, or maybe his appearance?” she suggested to try and spark his memory.
Klaybear sat in thought for a time, but the details of the stranger were hazy and slipped away even as he tried to recall them; he let his breath escape slowly and shook his head.  “The more I think about him,” he noted, “the less I can remember.”
Klare frowned.  “Let it go,” she said, “for now; continue with your story.”
Klaybear went on to describe his encounter with the messenger, how he had been given the mark, and the visions he had seen.  “That’s what troubles me the most,” he said when he finished.
“What do you mean?” Klare asked.
“You’ve read more of the accounts of the visions of kailum than I have: those I have read are usually clear and easy to understand, not jumbled the way mine were.  I don’t remember one like mine.”
“I don’t recall one that is anything like yours,” Klare replied thoughtfully, “at least according to what little you have told me.  You need to sit and write them all down.”
“I’m not sure I could.  I can remember them now,” Klaybear said, “the scattered faces and the situations, but even as I try to formulate a narrative, I’m adding to what I was given, filling in the connective devices that seem to have been left out.  Also, if I think about any image too carefully, I find myself hurled into the whirlwind that continually circles while changing directions, forward and backward, left and right, up and down, in and out, like the tide, or waves on the beach.  Worse yet, I’m not sure where one image ends and the next one begins.  For me to choose a point may be to impose the wrong order upon them, which in turn could lead to someone’s death.”
“I get the idea,” Klare remarked, her expression puzzled, “I think.  But again, I don’t have the details of which you speak.”
Klaybear nodded.  “Take the awemi, for example.  In both versions, I see him trapped in the webs of some kind of giant, misshapen spider-like creature with a puri face.  But in one version the monster tears him apart and eats him, while in the other version I think I see my older brother fighting the monster along with a shining kortexi who kills the monster and frees the awemi from the webs, which cannot be possible, since Delgart must surely be dead by now.”  Klaybear’s face wrinkled with confusion.
Klare opened her mouth to respond, thought better of what she was going to say, and changed course.  “And you say that when you saw the awemi’s face for the first time, these visions repeated?” she asked instead.
“Forward and backward, almost melting together, until I wrenched myself free.”
“And your head and hand pulsed with red light, like it did when you first looked on me?”
Klaybear nodded.
“And like the awemi you saw two versions of me: one where I died and one where I didn’t?”
He did not speak at once, seeing her again as she had appeared in his confused vision, and the thought nearly hurled him back into the gyre; he shook his head to dispel it.  “No,” he finally replied, sobbing, “you were dead in both.”
Klare fell into the chair next to Klaybear.  “How is that two versions?” she managed in a hollow voice.
“In the second, I think you are healed and come back to life.”
“That’s not possible!” Klare hissed.  She shook her head to dispel the thought.  “How?” she asked, her face white with shock.
“I saw green, white, and gold fire close your wounds and bring life into your dead eyes and a smile to your face.”
“The green fire is obviously a kailu orthek,” Klare said, “but no kailu or anyone else has ever brought anyone back once the person has died.”
“It happens twice in my visions,” he added after a moment’s silence.
“What?  Twice?” Klare asked, eyebrows rising into her honey-flecked brown hair.
“You, and someone I felt I knew but cannot name.  He was killed on an altar in some kind of ritual, after which the same green, white, and gold fire combined to heal the knife wound and return him to life.  I was only shown one version of his death and return to life.”
“I’m not sure you should tell me any more about . . . your vision of me.”  Klare looked past him, seeing nothing.  They sat in silence for several silent minutes before she spoke again.  “You said you saw both your brothers?”
“I think so,” Klaybear replied.  “I saw Rokwolf jump between the red-haired maghi and a purgle.  I saw him thrust his sword into the purgle, saw the sword explode, and saw Rokwolf and the purgle consumed by fire, like the breath of a red aperu.”
“And the second version?”
“There was no other version.”
She frowned pensively.  “What about your lost brother, Delgart?”
“I think I saw him; he looked like a younger, haggard version of father, and he also looked as tall, maybe taller, than Rokwolf.  In the first version I saw him dying on a wind-swept beach, stab wound in his side.  In the second he was lying wounded under a tree, saved by the red-haired maghi from a gheli.  But I also saw a version of the red-haired maghi slain by the gheli.”  Klaybear sighed and let his head fall slowly to the table.  “I can’t get the images out of my mind; every time I even close my eyes, the dream-vision restarts and replays as long as my eyes remain closed.”
Klare left her chair and stood beside Klaybear, stroking his head and neck.  “Didn’t you say that you slept quietly for a while, after drinking a sleeping potion?”
“As long as I remain in deep sleep, the dreams do not trouble me.  But we move in and out of deep sleep several times each night, so each time I move out of deep sleep, I will be haunted by these visions.”
Klare smiled and lifted his chin.  Their eyes met.  “Have you forgotten that I, also, am a kailu, and can send you into deep sleep whenever the occasion requires?  Besides,” she said, her smile turning impish, “I have ways of distracting you, not available to anyone else.”  She untied the sash of her robe, opened it, and wrapped it around his head.  “What was that, dear? Your voice is muffled. . . .”

Chapter 7

Little is known concerning the Keeper who resides at the summit of the Mountain. . . .  Rumor says he is the brother of Sir Karble, still living, but nothing in the surviving records and none among the kortexi order will confirm or deny this rumor. . . .  All inquiries are met with stony silence. . . .

from The Higher Orders, written by order of the Fereghen in atno 1739

“Come, Sir Blakstar,” the keeper said, “I have waited many long ages for your arrival.”  The keeper was a head shorter than Blakstar, well-built but not heavy, face and head covered with long, silver hair.  He took the kortexi by the elbow and led him to a circular, stone platform, six feet across and raised about a foot above the mountain’s flat summit.  The surface of the platform was covered with runes that glowed golden as soon as the keeper’s foot touched it.  When both stood near the center of the stone and the keeper waved his right hand, Blakstar saw a flash of golden light and felt his stomach lurch even as his surroundings blurred.  The runes on the stone flared even more brightly, filling his vision completely with the bright, golden light.  When the sensation of movement, along with the golden glow, faded, he stood next to the keeper on another circle covered with softly glowing runes in a square chamber without a visible exit, the ceiling also glowing with golden light.  This room contained two comfortable chairs and a couch, and a slightly larger than wethi-size stone cabinet with ornately carved pearl handles.  In one corner of the room he saw a fountain of clear running water.  The fountain was a simple affair: a small, round pipe protruded from the wall, the water falling steadily into a square stone catch basin set into the floor.  A simple metal dipper hung from a iron pin driven into the wall.  The keeper steered Blakstar toward the fountain, indicating that he should drink by taking and dipping water from the fountain with the iron ladle.  The kortexi took and drank the cool water and felt as refreshed as if he had just risen from a night of undisturbed rest.  This feeling began at the center of his body, cool strength surging outward until his whole being coursed with excitement.
“Oh Great God!” he shouted suddenly, “with the strength of thy holy arm, how can we fail!”
In his mind’s eye he suddenly saw himself enter the red kailu fortress and rescue the golden-haired wetha, dealing out death to all the red kailum who opposed him; he saw the adoring look on her elfin face as he carried her to freedom.  He entered Kolu itself, slaying all who opposed him until he reached Kolu’s champion, a giant figure swathed in shadow swiftly killed by a single massive stroke from his flaming sword.  He finally stood before Gar himself, easily destroying him with a single thrust of his golden sword.  He jerked as a firm hand touched his shoulder, and the pleasant daydream vanished like mist before the wind.
“Thus he who drinks the Waters of Life for the first time alone,” the keeper interrupted, one hand on his shoulder restraining him, “swiftly finds death.”
Blakstar looked up at the keeper surprised.  “How could something so good bring about death?”
“Throughout the earth,” the keeper continued, appearing to ignore his question, “fountains of the Waters of Life may be found.  They are the earth’s gift to its inhabitants.  Although one has gone without food and rest many days, a sip of these waters will instantly restore one, but they are perilous to one who is unaccustomed to them.  They enhance whatever inherent strengths the individual has to the point of breaking all other restraints and discipline.  Then the person does something foolhardy, as you thought to do, which in nearly all cases, causes the loss of that person’s life.  Part of your life’s mission is to be the bearer and finder of the Waters of Life.  In the equipment I will soon give you is the only container ever created to carry the Waters, for Waters taken in any other vessel become their opposite.  They bring melancholy and depression, and the one who drinks them becomes so dispirited that he takes his own life.  Trust only your own inherent sense for finding true fountains of the Waters of Life.  Close your eyes and turn slowly away from and then back to this fountain.”
The kortexi did as commanded and felt a tickling sensation between his eyes at the bridge of his nose, like a fly or some other small insect.  As he turned away, eyes still closed, the sensation moved around his head, tickling the top of one ear, then at the back of his skull, and he knew he had turned completely away.  Continuing to turn, the feeling left the back of his head, tickled the other ear, moved over his temple and forehead until he stopped when the fountain was directly before him; he opened his eyes.
“Remember that sensation,” the keeper said, “for the day will come when it just might save your life and the lives of your companions.”
The keeper moved to the stone cabinet, opening it with the touch of one finger and the word, “Karble.”  Inside, Blakstar saw armor and weapons emblazoned with a symbol he immediately recognized: a tall vase with a narrow neck and an eye with its lashes stretched from top to bottom of the front of the vase.
“Those are the devices of Sir Karble, first and foremost of all kortexem!” Blakstar exclaimed in awe.
The keeper smiled and nodded once.  “This is the equipment of Sir Karble eli kerdu-ghebi, which means the One’s chosen life-bearer.  He was the first and until now, the only bearer of the Waters of Life.  As you travel the land bearing his devices, a legend come to life, you will bring hope to the hopeless and life to the dying.  Evil will mock and persecute you, for daring to wear the devices of a hero long dead.  Yet in their hearts they will fear you and what you represent.  Hear now the prophecy of Karble, given on his deathbed as he delivered this equipment into the hands of the keeper of the Mountain: On a day far from now, when good suffers under the oppression of evil, one will come bearing my devices and the Waters of Life, marked by evil, but chosen by the One to become like me and restore life and good to the world.  As long as you remain true to the promises made as a kortexi, your life will be preserved until you fulfill the mission reserved for you.  Now, gird yourself with the raiment, armor, weapons, and equipment of Sir Karble and become Sir Blakstar eli kerdu-ghebi, the One’s chosen life-bearer.”
The keeper took a strange suit from the cabinet of some light material that shimmered golden as it moved; it opened from neck to waist and would cover him from head to toe, leaving only his face exposed.  The gloves and hood were removable and there were flaps convenient for natural functions.
“Remove your robe and sandals,” the keeper said.  While the kortexi did as instructed, the keeper continued.  “This suit will only open at the touch of your hand; slip it on and I will show you how.”
Blakstar untied the robe’s sash and started to slip it off; he noticed a tightness and slight pain across his chest that he had not felt before, not when he put the robe on.  He let the robe slide onto the floor and touched his chest, feeling the lines in his skin inscribed by fire.
He looked up at the keeper, who was watching him closely, still holding the golden suit.  “Why?” he asked, thinking the keeper might give him more of an answer than had the figure in white of his dream.
“You have been marked by Gar,” the keeper replied in a soft voice, “who fears and hates you and all the chosen–he has marked all of you with his sign, marked you for his particular attention: he will do all in his power to destroy you chosen, and he believes this sign will cause all to turn against you.  You must keep this hidden; the damage will be repaired in time, but for now, think not on it.  Instead, put on this suit,” he finished, holding the suit out for Blakstar to take.
He took it automatically, but he did not put it on.  “But . . . how?” he stammered.  “How did I get this mark–I have no memory of it–I saw lines of fire in a strange dream, but did not know dreams could affect the waking world like this.”
“The One has given you a gift,” the keeper replied, “a great gift.  For now, it is enough for you to know that you have been marked with Gar’s sign, and you must keep it hidden from all eyes, except your fellow chosen,” he added, holding up his hand to stop Blakstar’s questions.  “I will explain more about being chosen in a moment, after you get dressed.”
Blakstar nodded once and slipped into the golden suit and felt the garment cling to him like a second skin.  The material was light and airy, covering him completely but without restricting his movement; it was lined with a soft cotton material that could be removed for washing.
“There are very few weapons that can penetrate this material,” the keeper noted.  “Now, run your right hand along the front opening, from waist to neck.”  The front of the garment closed with no sign of a seam.  The keeper grabbed the front of the suit with both hands on either side of where the opening had been and pulled, failing to open it.  “Now you try.”
The kortexi grabbed the front of the suit, as the keeper had, and pulled with all his might.  The fabric stretched but did not open, as if it were a single piece without opening or seam.
“Now run your right hand from neck to waist where the opening was.”
The fabric opened; Blakstar smiled.  “This is . . . incredible!” he exclaimed, searching a moment for a word.
The keeper nodded.  “The equipment of Karble will give you the power to banish creatures of Gar from your presence,” he went on, pointing at the golden mesh, “at least temporarily.  This material can be cut by certain weapons, but it will seal itself closed as quickly as it is cut.  It is not completely proof against all attacks, but it will protect you from heat and cold and all sorts of unwanted intrusions.”
The keeper took a pair of tall, white boots, embossed with gold, and handed them to Blakstar, along with a pair of long, thick socks, who pulled on both socks and boots.  They fit well and felt more comfortable than any boots he had ever worn.  The keeper then lifted from the cabinet a mailshirt of fine, golden rings that shimmered in the light.  Blakstar knelt and the keeper dropped it over his head and onto his shoulders, and he felt no weight.  The golden rings reached from his neck to his knees, and from his shoulders to his wrists.
“It’s so light,” Blakstar said.  “Is it enhanced by teka?” he asked, one eyebrow rising suspiciously.
“Yes,” the keeper replied, “all of your equipment is teka enhanced, but its elemental strength comes from you.  As your faith, strength, will, skill, and experience grow, so will the elemental strength of your armor and weapons.”
“But I did not think we were allowed to use items powered by teka,” Blakstar protested.
The keeper sighed, shaking his head sadly.  “That is a corruption of the original kortexi ideals,” he noted, “it was never part of the order as established by Karble.  Also, your case is a special one, but you would be unwise, considering the current views, to broadcast the elementally powered nature of your armor and weaponry.”
Blakstar frowned but nodded.  “Just how powerful are they?” he asked, feeling uncomfortable speaking about teka.
“At this point,” the keeper replied, “the armor will protect you against all mundane weapons and attacks, and the weapons are effective against all mundane armor and creatures.  Your armor cannot be cut, but, as you have been taught, nothing can soften the blow of metal on metal.  You might never be cut, but you will get many painful bruises if you use your body to stop the blow.”
Blakstar laughed, recognizing the humor in the keeper’s words, recalling the many bruises he had received under the expert hands of the kortexi weapons master.
From the cabinet the keeper took gauntlets of the same fine, golden mesh and white leather, a white cloak with a brooch shaped like a water vessel the symbol of Karble, and a golden belt with a buckle similar to the brooch.  Attached to the belt was a white leather scabbard tooled with an elongated version of the same symbol, the symbol embossed in gold.  There also hung from the belt two waterskins.
“Can you tell,” the keeper asked after buckling the belt around Blakstar’s waist, “which is the vessel for the Waters of Life?”
Blakstar touched each vessel with his hands; he felt the familiar tingle under his right hand.  “This one,” he said, removing it from his belt.
“Go and fill it in the fountain,” the keeper said.
The kortexi did as instructed, hanging the vessel from his belt.  The keeper took a shining, golden sword from the cabinet.
“Here is your sword,” the keeper said.  “It is more than just a weapon.  You might think of it as a key to many things, some of which I will show you now, others you will learn in time.  First, it will open this cabinet should you need to replace any of your equipment.”  The keeper closed the cabinet and pointed to a narrow slot high on the cabinet’s right side.  “Slide your sword into this slot up to the hilt,” the keeper did so, and Blakstar notice a clear, yellow gem attached to the pommel of the sword, “and it will open the cabinet.”  He opened the doors and removed the sword.  “Only your sword and my hand will open this closet.  Next, this sword will open a door that will allow you to return to this room.  Place the point of the sword on the ground to your left, draw a circle on the ground from left to right as large as whatever you wish to pass through the door.  When the sword returns to the beginning point, raise the sword overhead in an arc and touch the circle’s other side.  A gray shimmering archway will form, opening a doorway to whatever place you have clearly in mind.  Step through the arch and you will be there.  In this way you can move instantly to anyplace of which you have a clear mental picture in mind.  However, it can be quite draining to those who are unused to artifacts of elemental power.”
“Couldn’t I just drink the Waters?” Blakstar asked.
“In time, as you learn to use your weapon of power,” the keeper replied, “so drinking the Waters will be unnecessary, nor should you: save the Waters you carry for your future companions and those in dire distress.”
The keeper’s answer puzzled Blakstar, as it did not seem to him to be an answer to his question.  The keeper drew the circle and a line of golden fire flared to life on the floor, and as he did so, Blakstar saw the stone on the pommel flare with brilliant golden light, matching the golden line of fire; he drew the arch in the air, opening the gray door, and Wingfoot stepped into the room with a clatter of steel shod hooves on the stone.  The horse whinnied and nuzzled his master.  The keeper lifted the sword from the floor where he held it, and the archway winked out as did the golden light from the sword and its gemstone.  He turned to Blakstar and held the sword with its hilt toward the kortexi.
“Accept now the sword that I give thee,” the keeper began, switching to formal address, “and receive also the inherent powers of the sword.”
Blakstar went down on one knee.  “Gladly I accept this gift of thy hand, and the powers that go with it,” he replied in the same formal, oath-making language.
The keeper led Wingfoot with a clatter to the fountain and allowed him to drink of the Waters.  The stallion began to tremble with excitement, pawing at the floor and neighing loudly.  The keeper laid one hand on the horse’s head, calming him.  “Now thou art like thy master: chosen of the One and his special servant.  Thou wilt be sensitive to his needs as he is to thine, and wilt follow and support him in all that he does.”
The keeper led him back to the kortexi, who scratched him under his chin.  The keeper smiled.  “Put away your sword and help me saddle your good steed.”
Blakstar began to wonder about the true size of the cabinet when the keeper pulled an oversized, golden mailshirt, lined with wool and of the same material as the kortexi’s.  As the keeper threw it onto Wingfoot’s back, the kortexi realized that it was not so much a mailshirt as an armored saddle blanket that covered his steed from neck to tail, wrapping loosely around the horse’s chest.  On both sides were symbols like those on Blakstar’s brooch and belt buckle.  A white leather saddle with gold trim appeared from the cabinet and was soon strapped onto his horse.  The saddle was followed by the rest of the harness, also in white leather trimmed with gold.
As the keeper strapped the saddlebags in place, he pointed to one side.  “This contains healing supplies that will never run out as long as you never use them completely.”  He pointed to the other side.  “This contains rations that will keep you going when all else fails, and like the healing supplies, the rations will not run out if not completely used.”
To the left front of the saddle, Blakstar hung his shield bearing the now familiar device.  On the right side of the saddle were loops for his short lance.  The front and back of his breastplate attached to the rear of the saddle; the white-plumed helm hung from the saddle horn.  His equipment was complete once he had buckled on his leg and arm greaves.
“I must speak of your life’s mission,” the keeper began gravely, “you will fulfill the kortexi’s dream.”
“What is that?” Blakstar asked.
“Were I to tell you plainly,” the keeper replied, “you might die of fright; in time, you will know.  You and your companions will be called the chosen of the One.  Together, you will bring about the downfall of Lord Gar and his kingdom, but not without much sorrow and misery.”
Blakstar paled and nodded once.  “How will I know them?” he asked.
“I will, in a moment, send you to one,” the keeper replied.  “Together you will travel to the valley of the kailum to meet more.”
“But should I not return to Karble first and report back to the Wesento?”
“No, should you choose that path you will fail at the beginning of your quest,” the keeper shook his head.  “Remember this: to complete your first task you and your companions must be completely inexperienced to enter the place where another key rests.  The more experience you and the other chosen have, the greater the odds against your success.  No more can I tell but that you should flee all encounters until you have entered the place where the second key rests.  Do you understand?”
The kortexi’s dark eyebrows drew together.  “I think so,” he answered.
The keeper clapped one hand on Blakstar’s shoulder and squeezed.  “Good.  One thing remains: I must give you your special endowment against the minions of Gar.  Kneel before me.”
As the kortexi knelt, the keeper spread his arms before him raising both hands and face toward the heavens.  “Nemfa-ghelwo-komtra-duswektem,” the keeper sang.  In the air between his arms small, golden lights sparkled, whirling around each other.  The keeper moved his arms slowly together, gathering the lights into a single, golden globe of light about a foot across.  Holding this globe in his hands, the keeper slowly moved it to hover just above Blakstar’s bowed head.  “Esuleuki-donu-bagso,” the keeper sang, and the globe of light began to expand and increase in brightness.  When it was brighter than the sun, it surrounded Blakstar and sank into his skin.  The kortexi’s person glowed brightly for a moment before the light winked out, although a faint aura of gold still surrounded him.
“Now you are protected from creatures of evil intent,” the keeper said, “particularly purem; your aura will cause them pain and only the strongest will be able to endure your presence.  This aura, like the teka of your armor and weapons, will increase in power as your skill and faith increase.  Now draw your sword and I will place in your mind where you are going.”
In his mind, he suddenly saw a stone tower on a hill against a background of starlight.  The tower was round and squat with windows and a single door.  He focused on the door and drew the circle with his sword as the keeper had done; golden light flared from the pommel of the sword, down the length of the blade, and caused golden sparks where the point slid across the floor.  When the circle was complete, a line of golden flame burst to life, and he lifted his sword overhead in a wide arc, opening the archway.  The gray shimmering suddenly became the tower on the hill lit by starlight.  He felt Wingfoot’s reins placed into his hand and stepped into the archway leading his mount.
“Good luck,” the keeper said, “may you faithfully fulfill your quest, Sir Blakstar eli kerdu-ghebi.”
After crossing the threshold and lifting the sword, which closed the gray, shimmering archway and extinguished the golden light emanating from his sword, Blakstar had just enough strength to bang on the door with one fist before collapsing against its frame.

Chapter 8

Healing can only commence once the underlying cause of the disease is removed; without its total removal, complete recovery is not possible.

Tarlana, Headmistress of Shigmar, 167-194

Klare led her husband to the gates of the school early the following morning.  After having seen to the needs of the awemi, Klare reasoned that she would feel better if she led Klaybear to the school, to insure that he got there without mishap.  Klaybear thanked her for her presence at his side, but said nothing else, which caused her to eye him suspiciously.
“I’m taking you to the healers,” she had said diffidently, “and I want to make sure that the Headmaster doesn’t intercept you first.”  Klaybear had only smiled and nodded in repsonse.  Klare roughly wrapped bandages around both his right hand and his forehead, then pulled her husband’s hood far down over his eyes.
“If you pull it down that far,” he complained, “I’ll not be able to see where I’m going!”
“All the more reason for me to lead you,” she smiled dangerously.
Master Avril, the master healer of the school, met them at the door and would not let them pass until he had examined the wounds; Klare was his apprentice, so he had met her.  “I read Rebeth’s report but did not believe it,” the thin, white-haired wethi said gravely, “particularly since I know his penchant for japes.”  Master Avril carefully lifted the bandage around his forehead.  “Great God!” he exclaimed, taking an involuntary step backward when he saw the mark.  “How could this happen?”  Then he frowned and shook his head slowly.  “This will complicate things,” he said softly to himself after a moment’s pause.  He replaced the bandage and pulled the hood back over Klaybear’s face.  He turned to Klare.  “Take him strait to the infirmary; Headmaster Myron is waiting for him there.  And Klarissa,” he stopped her.
“Yes, master?”  She was suddenly afraid, sensing her master’s mood.
“Don’t show this to anyone, no matter what authority he or she might invoke.”
Klare stifled her sudden fear then patted her master’s hand fondly.  “Who bandaged his forehead and made him wear his hood, in spite of the warmth this beautiful spring morning?”
Avril smiled and squeezed her hand.  He turned to Klaybear and sighed.  “I’m envious, my son,” he said softly, “she brings to mind my long dead spouse.  You have yourself a diamond here.”
“You are right, Master Avril,” Klaybear replied, “and she reminds me of that fact at least a dozen times a day.”
Klare punched him.  “You ungrateful monster!” she exclaimed.  Klaybear grimaced; Avril laughed.  “I might have to lead you into a wall or door, or a stone column for that remark!” Klare hissed.
“Only joking, my dear,” Klaybear attempted to grin, which looked strained with his eyes covered.

Klare found the Headmaster in the infirmary’s central area, waiting for them, but before she could even greet him, he silenced her with a word and motioned that they follow him.  He led them to one of the sleeping rooms, occupied by two patients resting behind screens.  Klare tried to speak a second time, but the Headmaster held up his hand.  He tapped the floor twice with the iron shod heel of his staff, whispered “kelnes stelni,” and a gray shimmering dome blossomed from the tip of his staff, surrounding them in silence and obscuring them from vision.
“I’m sorry to have cut you off, twice,” Headmaster Myron began, “but things are more serious than I thought,” he finished, whispering softly, although they were warded.
“My master hinted at it,” Klare said, “when we entered.  I’m glad I followed my instinct.”
“I’m not,” Klaybear noted sourly.
“Stop grousing!” Klare snapped.
Myron ignored their bickering and turned to Klaybear.  “Show me.”
Klaybear pulled back his hood and unwrapped the bandage surrounding his forehead; he saw a tightening around the Headmster’s eyes, the only outward sign of Myron’s first sight of the mark.  Klaybear held out his right hand.
“I’m guessing you both tried to heal these wounds?” Myron asked.
“Yes, but we are only novices in the healing art,” Klare replied.
“The wound refuses to close, and the pain increases,” Klaybear added.  “I even tried one of the healing potions I took with me, which had no effect.”
Myron took Klaybear’s wrist with his left hand, holding it palm up.  He moved his right hand, now glowing green, over Klaybear’s hand, but as soon as the green light contacted the wound in Klaybear’s hand, the younger kailu stiffened, jerking and trying to pull his hand away, but Myron held it tightly, bringing his own green-glowing palm into contact with the wound.  Klaybear screamed in agony, jerking his hand from Myron’s grip and sinking to the floor.  Klare knelt beside him before he hit the ground, wrapping him in her arms.
Myron stood stunned, his eyes wide.  “It is worse than I thought,” he noted to himself, “there is a darkness in that wound that I cannot penetrate, a darkness that would swallow the world were it allowed to escape; it is somehow powered by Void, but I cannot determine how or where.”  His eyes narrowed and he shook his head; he knelt by Klaybear’s other side.  “We cannot allow the other kailum to attempt healing on you.  That darkness would confirm to many the belief rumored about that you have sold out to Gar.”
Klaybear’s face drained of all color; Klare’s face burned.
“That’s absurd!” she shouted, voice rising in pitch.  “He’s no servant of Gar!  He has always been, and still remains, loyal to the One.  You know this as well as I,” she added in a softer voice.
Myron took and held one of her hands.  “I know, and you know,” he said, looking directly into her eyes, “but there are elements on the Council and members of this school who act against anyone that gives them the slightest hint, however far-fetched, they are in league with Gar.”  He nodded toward Klaybear’s forehead.  “That’s more than a slight hint; it is the mark used by all of Gar’s servants, a symbol of evil.”  His head turned when Klaybear groaned; Klare remained silent, but her face still flamed.  “It was all I could do this morning to keep those elements from marching to your home and arresting you on the spot.  I convinced them that we should find out what happened and try to understand why it happened before jumping to conclusions.  The Council will meet this afternoon to hear your story, and decide what to do.”  He gripped Klaybear’s shoulder.  “I fear for you, my son, given the outrage expressed by some members of the Council.”  He squeezed Klaybear’s shoulder once before standing and turning away.
“What do you think they might do?” Klare asked, her voice shaking.
Myron turned to look at them.  “Brand you a traitor, and you both know the punishment for one of the higher orders convicted of treason. . . .”  Myron left his statement hanging.
Klare drew breath sharply; the color now drained from her face.  “But you are the Headmaster and leader of the council, and you know he is no traitor; can’t you stop them?”
Klaybear sat and did not speak for a time; his eyes went blank, then his mouth worked, as if he were trying to speak, but only a moan came out for a time until words finally formed, his voice sounding alien: Awake, the sign will mark your separation from those whom you would save. . . .  Then, perhaps, you will truly taste the bitterness of being chosen . . . taste the bitterness of being chosen . . . bitterness of being chosen . . . bitterness . . . chosen . . . bitterness . . . chosen bitternesschosenbitterness. . . .  Klare and Myron shook his shoulders as the words he spoke blended together, her face wrinkled in concern.
“What happened?” Klare asked.  “You started mumbling under your breath then spoke in a strange voice about separation and the bitterness of being chosen; I had to shake you to bring you back to the present.”
Klaybear shook his head, then looked up at Myron.  “It must have been what the messenger told me,” he said distractedly, then paused in thought.  “Master, has anyone ever come back from the glade and reported that his or her vision was jumbled?”
“Jumbled?  What do you mean?” Myron replied.
“I’m not sure how to describe it,” Klaybear said, his brow wrinkling in concentration, “it was as if you took a deck of cards, with each card an event, then caused each card to be glimpsed for only a moment before the next, all of them in quick succession.  Then the cards all flash past again, but this time in the reverse order that they were first shown.  Back and forth the cards fly, but you never get to see them long enough to figure out what you have seen.  Has this happened before?”
“No,” Myron said after a moment, “but all you need to do is slow them down in your mind, and examine each one by itself.”
“No,” Klaybear said, “which shows immediately that my use of cards does not work.”  He paused.  “Maybe if you put them all together, so that one event was smashed into the one that went before and followed, and you could not tell where one ended and the next started. . . .”  He paused again.  “One face or form blurs into a new face and form, before you can decide what the first face or form was, smashed together and constantly moving and changing, but with a strange sort of repetition, like the going out and coming in of the tide.”
Myron looked thoughtful.  “It is odd that you should describe them in that way.  Hierarch Kalamar used the same words to describe the way his apprentice’s teka-aided look into the future was interrupted by other images, ‘images smashed together.’”  Myron looked around.  “We need time to consider this anomaly, but I fear we will not have it.  I called you here for what I hoped would be a joyful reunion, but everything has changed.”  The Headmaster shook his head.  “I went to visit Kalamar yesterday, to inform him that you had gone to the glade.  I arrived just in time to bring back a wounded young wethi, found near his tower and rescued by his son and apprentice, Thalamar.  I brought him here; we tended his wounds, and thought he would be recovered enough that you could see him, your lost older brother, Delgart.”
Klaybear leapt to his feet, eyes wide with shock.  “Delgart is here?”
“He is why I called you here, this morning, so you could see him.  But something happened during the night; he’s contracted some disease that we cannot cure.  And the oddest thing about it is that just yesterday, a seklesa was brought to us who was involved in a battle with purem near the Mountain of Vision.  She was taken in a skirmish and when they found her, many miles away, near the Iorn Gate, she was ill and could not be healed; so they brought her to us, and we have been unable to cure her disease.  On both of them, the skin and flesh is rotting away, as if both were already dead and decomposing.  I fear that if we do not find some cure, both will die.  The only clue we have is found in a very old text, said to have been written by Shigmar himself, but rather cryptically: When his end cometh, a wasting scourge shall afflict two of the chosen oppositely.  Know that legend shall walk the land bearing living waters to restore his fellow chosen.  What this means, no one is sure.”
Klare stood and straightened her robes.  “Can we see them?”
Myron smiled.  “That is why I met you here.”  Myron tapped his staff once on the floor, canceling the ward surrounding them.  He moved to and then shifted one of the dividers separating them from the rest of the room.  Klare went forward, her hands already surrounded by green light.  Klaybear staggered back when he saw their faces, falling onto the floor as if he had  been struck.
Klare heard him hit the ground and turned back from the bed, pulling the Headmaster with her.  She rushed to her husband’s side, and with the help of Myron, pulled him to his feet.
“What happened?” she asked, concerned.
“It happened again,” Klaybear panted, his eyes focusing after several confused moments, looking first at Klare, then at Myron then back at her, “as soon as I saw their faces I was hurled back into the vision, seeing again some of the parts related to them, but with more than I saw yesterday.”
“Can you tell us about any of it?” Myron asked.
“I’ll try,” Klaybear replied, “but I have to be very careful; if I think of it too closely, I’ll be hurled back into the vision.”  He stood on his own and tried to relax.  “I saw Delgart crawling across the sand, trailing blood, and dying, but then he was rescued by a red-haired maghi, who tripped a gheli then chopped off the gheli’s head.”
“That is what happened yesterday,” Myron said, “the red-haired maghi is Kalamar’s apprentice.”
“What about the seklesa?” Klare asked.
“I saw her fighting with purem,” Klaybear went on, “then she was captured and forced to drink from a bottle.  Yesterday, I saw her healed by a kortexi, but today I saw them both, Delgart and the seklesa, only half of each face was healed by the kortexi, the opposite halves.  Then I saw them both fully healed, wearing golden crowns with five points and golden armor, both holding scepters topped with eagles.”
“Forced her to drink from a bottle,” Myron said, tapping his chin, “that must be how they gave her the disease, but how your brother got it, I cannot fathom.  He was in a different wing, and she has been isolated here in this room since she was brought in.”
Klare left Klaybear’s side and was moving again, hands glowing, toward Delgart.  She held her hands out, over and just above, moving slowly from foot to head.  She stopped for a moment over his stomach, feeling a wound in his side, then moved on, stopping her hands over his head another moment before turning to the seklesa.  She again moved from foot to head, holding her hands over the seklesa’s forehead for a moment.  She then altered what she was doing, holding her hands over the seklesa’s mouth.  For a long moment she held her hands steady over the mouth, sweat beading on her forehead, and the green light under her hands intensified.  More moments ticked slowly past, sweat running down her cheeks now, when, only for a moment, something absolutely black, like a hole opening between Klare’s hands and the seklesa’s diseased mouth, started to rise from the seklesa, putting out the green light under Klare’s hands.  She swayed, catching herself on the edge of the bed.  She felt Klaybear reach out to her side to support her, but she shoved him away with one elbow and turned back to Delgart.  Her hands glowing again and her face dripping sweat, moving to hover over his mouth.  When nothing happened, she shook her head and moved down his body, then lowered her hands to his side.
“Blanket,” Klare hissed between clenched teeth, and waited until Klaybear lifted the blanket out of her way, revealing his bandaged side, just above his hip.  As before, the light between her hands and his wound intensified, and for a moment, blackness came out of the wound, then snuffed out her light before sinking back into Delgart’s body.  Klare slumped again, and felt Klaybear’s hands catch her before she sank to the floor.  Myron moved one of the chairs closer, helping Klaybear get her into the chair.
“Was that anything like the darkness you saw in my husband’s wounds?” Klare asked Myron.
“I believe so,” the Headmaster replied.  “I would have thought that you already would have known, having examined your husband using your gift.”
Klare shook her head.  “I was so shocked by his appearance and behavior, that I did not think to examine him.”  She sighed, then continued.  “Now I do not have the strength to make the effort: I spent too much energy trying to draw the darkness out of them,” she nodded toward the beds.
“Even though I just finished saying that a kortexi heals them both,” Klaybear noted, raising an eyebrow at her.
“But you told me last night that every person you saw in vision had two fates,” Klare reminded him, “even me.”
“You haven’t spoken of two fates,” Myron said, and then held up his hand.  “Perhaps it would be best if we started at the beginning: what happened to you in the glade?”  Myron turned to Klare.  “I’m guessing you already heard the tale?”
Klare nodded.
“All right,” Myron went on, “I want you to go to the Infirmary’s east wing and find out who was on duty last, and if he or she noted anything unusual in the log.  I left Delgart around the 16th hour and he was found with this disease just after the morning bells rang.  If you need to get whoever was on duty, find Master Avril, he knows what is happening and can be trusted, as you already know.”
Klare nodded and sighed as she got to her feet.
“Of course,” Myron added, “if you are too tired . . . ,” he left it hanging.
“I can walk,” she snapped.  She kissed Klaybear before storming from the room and slamming the door.

Klaybear cringed when the door slammed then shot his master a sheepish grin.  Myron smiled, then led Klaybear to the other side of the room where they sat down.  “Now tell me what happened.”
“Is it safe to speak here?” Klaybear asked.
Myron tapped the floor between them twice, spoke the words, and the ward surrounded them.
“When I entered the glade,” Klaybear began, “I forgot how concentrated elemental energy is there, and drew too much, so I sent a bolt of pure power into the sky.”
Myron chuckled.  “Everybody does that.”
Klaybear went on.  “I asked the trees to forgive me and was answered by a voice, which surprised me.  I looked up and saw a figure sitting in the stone chair, dressed in perfectly clean boots and ironed robes, perfectly groomed hair and beard, both brown, with bright blue eyes,” and when he said this, the Headmaster’s hands tightened around his staff but he made no other sign.  Klaybear continued.  “I renewed my connection to the elemental forces, then asked who he was.  He replied that he was a messenger sent by no one.  He went on to say that he was both message and messenger, to both open and close my vision, along with other contradictions.  He then said he was there to give me a vision, cut off my connection to the elemental forces, and I blacked out.  When thought returned, I found myself lying in a shadow-world, and a piece of shadow reached out and took my hand, burning me with this mark.”  Klaybear held up his right hand.  “I tried to scream in pain, but no sound came out.  I felt limp in body, mind awake, but unable to do anything.  My hand was released and a second piece of shadow touched my forehead, pulsing and stabbing into my head like fire.  When the shadow withdrew, I heard a voice, his voice, I think, coming as if from a great distance.”
“What did he say?” Myron asked, “can you remember?”
Klaybear swallowed hard, then nodded.  He could still hear the voice echoing inside his head.  When he spoke the words, his voice did not sound like his own: “Now your waking will be little better than the nightmare of your sleeping.  Awake, the sign will mark your separation from those whom you would save.  Asleep, the sign will open visions of your future, and the horror of your visions will leave you sleepless.  Then, perhaps, you will truly taste the bitterness of being chosen.”
Myron sat with his hands folded on his knees, holding his staff.  He was looking at his hands.  “Those are the words you said to Klare and me before,” he spoke slowly, as if the words pained him, “when you seemed to fall into a trance, but the voice was alien, not your own.”  He sighed and fell silent and they did not speak for a time before Myron indicated that he should go on.
“After the voice, the shadow withdrew and I was hurled into a vision, as I said, with the images all smashed together.  After a while, the vision stopped and I seemed to hear a voice calling me.  I opened my eyes and saw the altar fallen and the same symbol burned into the surface of its top.  I tried to scratch it out, but this action only reminded me of the pain in my hand and forehead, and I was hurled into the vision a second time.  But this time, everyone who I had seen in the first vision had a different fate in this second: with Delgart, instead of dying on the beach I saw him rescued by the red-haired maghi, who you said was Hierarch Kalamar’s apprentice.  After I saw a different set of fates, I saw the face of a kindly old wethi whose blue eyes seemed deep and filled with stars.  He said something about being chosen and bitterness, images I do not understand, then the whole thing repeated, but in reverse, ending as it began, with Delgart on the beach.”
“What sort of images,” Myron asked, “the ones you do not understand?”
Klaybear thought for a moment, vision turning inward, trying to recall the images without re-starting the vision.  “I saw oceans heaving and mountains rising, trees growing, animals and fish, and then males and females of all races walking.  There followed some kind of gathering of many people, someone was confined underground, but managed to tunnel out and steal children.  Then I saw purem fighting, followed by the old wethi again, then everything in reverse.”  Klaybear focused on Myron.  “Does that make any sense to you?”
Myron looked up and smiled.  “It sounds like the beginning of the world, when all things were made, when Gar was forced into the underworld, how he escaped and stole children from all races that he used to create his servants.  The kindly old wethi you saw, I suppose, is the face of the One, or ‘Great God,’ as he is named in some early texts.  Seeing a vision of the beginning is usually part of what the new kailu sees when he or she enters the glade.  Is that all that happened?”
“After the end, or should I say, the beginning,” Klaybear continued, “I managed to free myself from the vision.  It was then I tried to heal my wounds and failed.  I crawled to the stream and started to wash my hand, when something strange happened.  As I looked at the mark in my palm under the water, I noticed the same mark on my forehead, reflected on the stream’s surface.  When the reflected mark touched the mark in my palm, fire exploded out of the water and I was hurled back into the vision, the vision repeating forward, then in reverse, before I regained consciousness.  It was at that point that I took one of the sleeping potions, resting without visions until late in the afternoon.”
Myron thought for a moment before speaking.  “You said you saw your brother, Delgart, Kalamar’s apprentice, the seklesa, Marilee, and Klare mentioned herself and the awemi you found.  What did the kortexi look like?”
“He had black hair,” Klaybear said, “and when I saw him healing the seklesa, he was wearing white and gold.”
“His name is Sir Blakstar, I believe,” Myron said, “the Wesento has mentioned him before as one of the most promising.  Did you see anyone else?”
“Yes, my twin brother, Rokwolf.  He . . . ,” Klaybear began, but could not continue for a moment.  “His fate was the same in both versions.  I saw him leap in front of Hierarch Kalamar’s apprentice, and he was destroyed by a purgle.  I think he kills the purgle at the same moment as the purgle kills him.”
“You’ve already mentioned the double fates seen for Delgart and Marilee, what about Thalamar, Kalamar’s apprentice?”
“He is killed by the gheli he kills in the second vision, while rescuing Delgart.”
“What about the awemi?”
“In the first, he is caught in a web and consumed by a monstrous, misshapen spider-like creature, with a puri face, but is rescued in the second.”
“And Klare?”
If Klaybear had trouble speaking about his twin, Rokwolf, then speaking about Klare’s fates was even harder.  His eyes filled with tears, and he choked trying to get the words out, so he coughed to cover it.  “She dies in both,” he finally managed, “apparently pregnant.  But in the second, I saw a staff flare green, a rod flare white, and a sword flare gold, and she came back to life, which is, of course, impossible.”
Myron sighed and eyed him for a long moment before speaking.  “Well, no one has ever been able to bring someone back.  Are you sure she was dead?”
“Yes, quite sure.”
“There is a legend,” Myron said, “a very old legend, that Shigmar had the power to bring people back to life, but that he refused to use it.”  Myron tapped his chin again, thinking.  “Did you see anyone else come back to life in your visions?” he asked.
“Now that you mention it, I think I did,” Klaybear replied.  “There was a part, after I see Klare, where I think Gar kills someone on an altar.  In the second version, that person on the altar comes back to life, and then Gar is taken by a black whirlwind into the Void.  I think, although it is very blurred and hard to discern, that some of us, including me, are there, somehow participating in the event.”  Klaybear stopped, then looked directly at his master, Myron.  “Do you have any idea what this might mean?  Why have I been marked with the sign of evil?”
Myron sighed and looked away.  They sat in silence for a time, and the minutes dragged slowly by.  Myron finally turned back to face him.  “Klaybear, I . . . ,” he began, but stopped when they heard a knock at the door.  Myron tapped his staff on the floor, canceling the ward.  He stood and faced the door.  “Come,” he said.
The door opened and a white-robed novice, a young wethi, about twelve years, stepped in.  His eyes were wide with fright.  “Headmaster,” he stammered in a piping voice, “two young wethem have just teleported into Shigmar.  One is a red-haired maghi and the other is a kortexi whose very presence creates awe.  They request an audience with the Headmaster.  What shall I tell them?”
Klaybear saw his master’s hands grip his staff, the knuckles going white.  “Bring them to me, here,” he replied, and Klaybear noticed a slight quaver in his master’s voice that he had never before heard.
The novice gave a quick, although stiff, bow then scampered away, closing the door.
Myron mumbled to himself; Klaybear could just make out a single word, sounding like a question: “Already?”

Chapter 9

There exist five known dimensions: three dimensions of space, namely, length, breadth, and depth; add to these time for the four basic dimensions.  We discovered, or perhaps created, the fifth, rumepant, through teleportation ortheks, in which all places and telepads are equidistant.  We theorize that there is at least one more, in which all places in our space exist in the same place.  Thus, travel between places in our normal three dimensional space may be possible by opening a doorway into this theoretical sixth dimension. . . .

from the Annals of Melbarth, Fifth Series, Early Lectures of the Hierarchs,
Lecture by Sedra Melbarth

The images glimpsed in his vukeetu danced across Thalamar’s mind as he lay in bed, waiting for sleep to take him.  He knew that some of the interruptions to his seeing, flashing in unison with the lightning of the unnatural storm, related directly to the young wethi he had rescued from the ghelem, a wethi who appeared to be related to the twin brothers he had seen.  Thal suspected that his master had somehow inserted those images to test him, since he had said that rescuing the fallen wethi was Thal’s job, but Kalamar denied it, falling silent when Thal had asked him about it before bed.  The other interruptions troubled him, but he could not tell why.  The images seemed related to what he had seen in his vukeetu, for the faces were the same as those he had seen: the twin brothers--kailu and seklesi--the black-haired kortexi, the seklesa with blue-black hair, the awemi, and the female kailu with brown hair.  Thal suddenly realized that it was their professions, and oddly enough, their hair color that distinguished them, and wondered why he noticed those details.  He knew that they would be his companions, and from what he had seen, their lives would be, at times, perilous.
He turned onto his left side, hoping the movement would dispel the images long enough so he could fall asleep, but his mind raced back to the interruptions, trying to make sense of what he had seen, an action that was difficult, as the images had been smashed together in a way that made it impossible to separate them for discrete contemplation.  He wondered about the figures and actions he had seen at the end: the red-robed figure with the color-changing eyes stabbing the wethi tied to the altar who had been tortured.  Stabbing someone, or something, on an altar usually indicated some kind of ritual, in this case, a sacrifice.  He knew that the red kailu order practiced human sacrifice; the victims’ blood spilled to please Gar, Lord of Evil.  Gar . . . that was it!  He recalled having read somewhere that Gar had strange eyes and supposedly preferred robes dyed by the blood of his victims, but why would he be performing the sacrifice, unless it had some sort of cosmic significance, and further, who was the sacrifice?
Thal rolled onto his right side, listening to the crickets and frogs, letting their repetitive sounds fill his mind, silencing the images and the questions they invoked.  His breathing slowed; the night breeze wafted through his window the scent of roses, growing in the garden below, and the scent conjured an image.  The image floated across the now smooth surface of his mind, carrying with it the smell of the flowers after which she was named.  He could almost hear her voice. . . .
. . . whisper.  Whispers echoing hollowly across a dark, empty landscape.  Whispers that his mind tried to understand, but what they said remained beyond his understanding.  Some might have been laughter; some might have been shouts of pain, or fear, or joy.  He tried to find the sources of the voices, but as soon as his mind’s eye darted in the direction from which he thought they came, their position changed, eluding his vision.  Rose floated past, reaching for him, smiling, laughing; laughter changing to fear, calling for help, disappearing in flame and smoke.  A trio of ponkolum appeared from the smoke, shouting curses and hurling balls of pure red power; the top of the tower exploded in flames; Kalamar and Nelle flew out of the flames and stones, eyes open, seeing nothing.  The sound of pounding echoed behind him; he turned and saw the male kailu’s forehead pulsing with angry red light; the light consumed him and became an aperu, smoking and breathing fire, but the seklesi with sandy hair smiled and swung his sword, the sword flashing with red fire, cutting off the aperu’s head, falling to the ground and bouncing, the sound echoed: thump, thump th-thump.  But the sound was behind him again; he turned and his name sounded from another direction.  Rose walked past leading a toddler with wild, red hair; he looked into the smiling face of the boy, felt his small hand patting his forehead, heard the sound of the pounding from another direction: thump, thump, thump.  He turned, and his name was shouted from a different direction: Thalamar? Thal, wake up!
Thal sat up in bed, disentangling himself from the blanket twisted around him.
“Thal,” came Nelle’s sleepy voice, “the door.”
Thal jumped out of bed and threw his robe around his shoulders and hurried out of his room.  This was odd, someone coming to the tower in the middle of the night.  He knew it could not be someone of evil intent, since the teka-powered fences surrounding the tower kept them out, but usually there was a signal when someone passed the fences.  He leapt down the tower stairs and opened the front door.  In the magluku hovering above the door, Thal saw the glint of white and gold from both horse and wethi, the latter leaning against the door’s frame.  The wethi turned his face toward Thal, and the young maghi took a step back in surprise, seeing the face of the black-haired kortexi he had seen in his vukeetu.
“Sanctuary,” the kortexi’s voice croaked.
A moment passed before Thal’s wits returned.  “Are you injured?”
“No,” the kortexi replied, “just very tired.”
Thal took the kortexi’s right arm over his shoulders and helped him over the threshold and into the tower, moving with him to the bottom of the stairs, where he sat down heavily, emitting a tinkling sound as he sat.
“If you could see to my mount,” he said weakly.
Thal nodded and turned, then bumped into the horse, which had followed him into the tower.  He took hold of the bridle, then turned to the wethi slumped on the stairs.  “What’s his name?”
“Wingfoot,” the kortexi replied.  “I think if you unbuckle the mail shirt and unbelt the saddle, I think the whole rig will come off as a single unit.”
“All right, you just rest there until I get back.”  Thal led Wingfoot through the door, closed and bolted it, then led the horse through a side door and into the tower’s stable.  He marveled at how light the horse’s saddle and gear were, feeling the dweomer of teka.  Wingfoot was not sweaty or overly warm, so Thal lead him to a stall, then filled the manger with hay and grain.  He scratched the horse under his chin; Wingfoot sniffed the hay and grain, then whinnied his approval.
“I’m glad you approve,” Thal said, stroking the stallion’s side.  “Now I’ll go see to your master.”
The horse seemed content to eat, so Thal left him there and re-entered the tower.
“Your mount doesn’t seem as tired as you are,” Thal said, “have you waited long?  I was caught in a rather strange dream and so did not hear you knocking.”
“No,” the kortexi replied weakly, “not long.”
Thal looked puzzled.  “Can I get you something to eat?  The matron usually keeps something ready for the unexpected arrival of guests.”
“Thanks, but no.  Just rest,” he replied, “my day has been rather eventful.”
“We can accommodate you; the guest room is ready.  So how did you get here?” Thal asked, as he helped the kortexi to his feet.
The kortexi put his arm over Thal’s shoulder, then leaned on him as they staggered up the stairs.  “Directly from the Mountain of Vision,” he noted weakly.
“Directly?  Do you mean you teleported here?” Thal asked.  “That would have also given us a warning signal.”
The kortexi shook his head.  “It was not teleportation, as I understand it,” he replied.  “I opened an archway from the Mountain to the front door of your tower with my sword.”
Thal stumbled and stopped for a moment, looking a question at the kortexi.  He had never heard of a sword with such powers.  They started moving again, reaching the top of the stairs and the door to the guest chamber.  Thal touched the purple nimbus covering the door and dispelled the stasis on the room with a single word, “neki,” then helped the kortexi into the room and onto the bed.  The kortexi laid back on the bed, unbuckling his belt and pulling off his gloves.  Thal took them from him and placed them on a table next to the bed.  As he set them on the table, he noticed the devices emblazoned on the scabbard, the water flasks, and the buckle and inhaled sharply.
“I’ve seen this device before,” Thal said, “it is the symbol of the first kortexi, Sir Karble.”  Thal turned to face the kortexi, his eyebrows disappearing into his wild red hair.  “Who are you?”
“I am Sir Blakstar,” he said, then added, stumbling over the words, “eli-kerdu-ghebi, bearer of the Waters of Life, destined to fulfill the kortexi’s dream.”
“What is the kortexi’s dream?”
Blakstar shook his head.  “I don’t know, yet.”
“What are the Waters of Life?” Thal asked.  “I think I’ve come across that phrase before,” he mused.
“Earth’s gift to all,” Blakstar answered, “waters that heal.  I bear the only vessel ever created to carry them, along with the equipment of the first kortexi, Sir Karble.”  Blakstar yawned widely.
“I’m sorry, Sir Blakstar,” Thal apologized, suddenly remembering how tired his guest was, “my curiosity overcame my manners.  I am Thalamar, but most call me Thal, apprentice to Hierarchs Kalamar and Nelle, white maghem of Melbarth.  Be welcome to our home.  There are many questions I would like to ask, but courtesy dictates that I withdraw and allow you time to recover,” Thal bowed formally and left the room.  “Sleep well,” he called back as he closed the door softly.
“Who was at the door?” Nelle’s sleepy voice asked from down the hall.
“A kortexi named Blakstar,” Thal replied.  He heard the sound of a sharp inhale.  “Are you all right?” he called.
A moment passed before she replied.  “Yes, you better get back to bed.  Tomorrow is likely to be a busy day.”
Blakstar fell asleep before the door even closed; he was only vaguely aware of his host’s wishing him to sleep well.  Darkness took him, and for a time he slept peacefully, but then he dreamed.  At first, he saw only images flashing past the eyes of his mind, figures of people he did not know, but knew he had seen them before although he could not recall where or when.  Prominently among these figures he saw ponkolam with dark red skin, one whose face reflected the passion she felt, and the other holding a curved dagger that dripped red blood; he saw the face of a pura, with horns and fangs, pale skin, and no eyes; this figure’s face melted into the adult face, without eyes, of a girl from his boyhood.  He saw a figure cloaked in a black robe, with bony hands gripping a rod; he also saw another figure cloaked in black, with golden hair, the face of the girl in his strange waking dream, and this figure repeated most often, although sometimes she wore nothing but shadows, which made him ache uncomfortably.  She continued to shout the same phrase, over and over again, the sounds of her shouts echoing and mixing with the exultant laughter of the ponkolam, and the clinking laughter of the black-robed figure with bony hands.  He wanted to help the girl with golden hair, but he did not know how; he recalled that the figure of his waking dream had showed him a place where he could meet the girl, the place where he had found himself before ascending the Mountain of Vision, the strange blackened glade with the bent, broken tree, but no matter how hard he thought of it, he could not bring his dream self to the burned glade and the girl.  Sometimes, when she flashed naked through his dreams, he saw that her skin was covered with lines–white lines that stood out in sharp contrast with the golden tan of her skin.  Let me see him! she shouted repeatedly; he wondered who she wanted to see; he secretly hoped it was him.
After a time, after he stopped thinking about it, the figures coalesced into the fire-blackened glade surrounded by twisted trees that swayed in some unseen breeze, as if the wind were blowing outward from the glade itself; he saw himself tied to the broken or bent tree, saw the ponkolam, the blind pura, the black-cloaked figure, and the girl standing around him, but she was now blindfolded, her black silk hood drawn down over her face so she could not see him.  The figure with the dagger sliced away his clothing, with the echoed sounds of tearing cloth added to the evil laughter and the girl’s shout.  The first ponkola and the blind pura transformed into the girl of his boyhood, both beginning to sway and moan, but their moaning sounded more like howling screams, adding to the cacophony of sound already filling his dream.  Then the girl floated over him, her hands claws digging into his chest, his hands claws digging into her chest, both of them screaming in agony, although she continued to scream her sentence: Let me see him!  Then all figures were flung to the ground by a burst of golden fire from him, and he was on his feet, reaching for the figure with the bloody dagger, but the dagger moved and struck the back of his head, dispelling the scene, plunging him into black emptiness, the silence of sleep.
He awoke with a start, sat bolt upright, and sat panting on the unfamiliar bed in darkness; it took him several moments to remember where he was and how he had gotten there.  He sat unmoving, trying to calm his breathing and the frantic beating of his heart.  Finally, he lay back down and passed into a fitful sleep, the dream repeating and waking him at the end; this happened several times before he returned to silent, dreamless sleep.

Thal sat up in bed, rubbing the sleep from his eyes.  He looked around and suddenly realized the light in his room was much brighter than it should have been: he’d overslept.  No surprise, since his rest had been disturbed by strange dreams and the arrival of Sir Blakstar.  He jumped to his feet and dressed quickly, knowing that the animals would not wait.  Pulling on his boots, he left his room and crossed the hall, tapping lightly on the door before opening it slightly, since he did not wish to disturb the kortexi if he were still sleeping.  One glance told him what he needed to know; he closed the door softly, turned, and went down the stairs.
Nelle was in the kitchen, just putting bread into the oven.
“Good morning, Thal,” she said without turning, closing the oven door.  Her long white hair was up in a bun at the back of her head, as was usual when working in the kitchen.
“Good morning, mother,” he replied, grabbing a basket and the milk bucket waiting next to the door.  “You should have awakened me; I did not intend to oversleep.”
Nelle turned from the oven and smiled at Thal.  “Well, son, your rest was disturbed, so I did not think that a little extra sleep would hurt.”  She moved to her work table, beginning to clean and put away her bread making implements.  Before she turned to the table, Thal noticed that her blue eyes did not twinkle with mischief the way they usually did, and there was a slight tightness at the corners of her eyes and mouth, signs that she was concerned about something.
Thal frowned.  “Your sleep was also disturbed,” he said, “yet you’re up at the normal time.”
Nelle smiled at him over her shoulder.  “I’m older than you; I no longer need as much sleep as you.”  She placed her dirty things in the large mixing bowl, then carried them to the washtub.  “Is our guest still sleeping?”
“Yes, and he will probably sleep for quite a while,” Thal replied.  “He was very tired when I let in him, so tired, in fact, that I had to help the mighty kortexi climb the stairs.  The odd part about it was that his horse looked well-rested.  When I pointed that fact out to him, he said they came to the tower directly from the Mountain, which I reasoned must be why we heard no signal when he passed the teka fences.”
“But there was no teleport signal either; so how did he come directly?” Nelle asked as she was pouring hot water into the washtub from a large copper kettle that had been steaming on the stove, returning it to the stove before Thal spoke again.
“He told me that he opened an archway here with his sword,” Thal said.  The bowl of bread making tools crashed into the washtub.  “Mother, are you all right?”
Nelle stood leaning on the washtub, her back to Thal.  “You better see to the animals, Thal: the cow was starting to complain.”  Nelle started to wash her bread making tools.  “When you’ve milked the cow and collected the eggs, hitch Plodder to the cart; I’m going to Artowgar as soon as you get her hitched.  Your breakfast, and a tray for our guest, is in the dining room.  Father has already broken his fast and is closeted in his study; he wants to speak with you, once you have finished the chores and eaten.”
“I’ll see to it,” Thal replied in a slight daze.
Thal left the room, descended the stairs, and entered the stable; the cow lowed at him.  “I’m coming.”  He grabbed the milking stool and dropped the basket near the doors, then moved next to the cow, sat on the three-legged stool, and began to milk.  His mind ranged freely while he worked, mulling over his mother’s reaction to Blakstar’s name and the news that he had used his sword to come here.  He wondered why these two things had upset her but set these questions aside, as they could not be answered without more information.  The sword was another puzzle; it did not feel that powerful when he had taken it from the kortexi and placed it on the table, and yet, for it to do what Blakstar had claimed, since kortexem did not use teka, it would mean that it was an artifact of extraordinary power.  Only one kortexi had ever borne those devices: Sir Karble, the first kortexi.  The fact that Blakstar now carried them seemed to indicate that they were Karble’s devices, probably his very equipment, meaning that the sword probably was the legendary sword of Karble, reportedly lost after he died and rumored to have strange powers.  Why would Blakstar be chosen now to carry it, along with the rest of Karble’s equipment?  Thal thought he better stop by the tower’s library; he was sure there must be something there that would tell him more about the sword, the devices, and what they might mean.
Thal finished milking and carried the bucket to, and set it by, the door into the tower.  He went to the outside doors and threw them open, picking up the basket and crossing the yard to the henhouse.  His mind traveled a different path, recalling how he used to brag to the other street urchins that one day he would become a maghi, and simply cast an orthek, conjuring up his meals.  When he first came to the tower, after Nelle had found him, he thought he would immediately begin to learn teka, but he was surprised when his first assignments were gathering eggs, weeding the garden, cleaning out the henhouse and stable, mending fences, and so forth, chores he thought beneath the dignity of a maghi.  When he had completed these daily chores, he sat with Nelle learning history and grammar until noon.  Following lunch, afternoons were spent with Kalamar learning math and the reading, writing, and speaking of the orthek language, or ancient.  The evenings were spent discussing philosophy with his adopted parents, and stargazing from the tower’s roof after dark.  One day a week was spent doing larger chores, like wood gathering in the fall, or preparing and planting their large garden in the spring.  The first six years were spent in this manner, without learning a single orthek.  Thal now realized that those years gave him the foundation for deeper study; without them, he could not have learned even the simplest of ortheks.  He carried the now full basket of eggs across the yard and into the stable, stopping to throw several handfuls of dried corn into the yard, where the hens were now scratching.  He checked the mangers before leading Plodder from her stall, hitching her to the cart, then leading her and the cart to the tower’s front door.  Nelle stepped out before he stopped, beginning to load their excess farm goods into the cart.
Thal went back into the stable, then back into the tower, and met his mother in the kitchen.  He emptied the bucket of milk into a clay pitcher, then placed the pitcher in the tengle.  Nelle took the basket from him, removed four eggs, and added them to those already in the tengle.  She took the rest to the cart, followed by Thal carrying the rest of the goods she would trade in the village’s market.  Thal helped her cover the cart with a square of canvas, and was surprised when Nelle embraced him fiercely before climbing up.
“Thalamar,” Nelle said, holding him by his shoulders and looking directly into his eyes, “there is more in the world than you can perceive with your senses; there are things whose existence cannot be proven or disproven empirically or logically.”
Thal laughed.  “Mother, we’ve had this argument before . . . ,” he began, but she cut him off.
“Remember what we have taught you, what you are and may become, and remember that this tower will always be your home.”  She kissed him on both cheeks, then climbed onto the cart.
Thal handed her the reins and laughed again.  “You speak as if I were about to leave; have the plans changed . . . ?”
“You are,” Nelle replied, “Sir Blakstar’s arrival is the signal.”
Thal looked puzzled.  “But I thought I wasn’t going to leave until the fall, and then it changed to early this spring, but I haven’t left yet, why?”
“Plans change,” Nelle said.  “Something delayed the kortexi’s arrival after it was moved to this spring, which is why we told you to be ready at a moment’s notice.”  She sighed.  “If anything should happen to us. . . .”
“Nothing is going to happen to you,” Thal said firmly.
“If it does,” Nelle continued, ignoring him, “remember what I have said and who you are; the enemy knows you and your potential, and your weaknesses.  He will try to trip you up and prevent you from reaching that potential.  Goodbye, my son.”  She shook the reins and drove off.
Thal stepped out of the way and leaned on the door, stunned.  Before he could consider what Nelle had told him, he heard a window swing open overhead and his master’s tired sounding voice.
“Son!  Have you eaten yet?” Kalamar called and asked.
“No,” Thal replied.
“Wake the kortexi and eat,” Kalamar said brusquely, “there is very little time.”
Thal stumbled into the tower and up the stairs, still stunned by what was happening.  He forgot to knock, entered the room, and found Blakstar buckling on his belt and sword.
“Good morning,” Blakstar said cheerily, then he turned and saw Thal, whose face was pale.  “Is something wrong?”
“I . . . uh,” Thal stammered, “I’ve just been told that I’m leaving today, and my mother spoke as if I would not see her again.”
“This is unexpected?” Blakstar asked.
Thal shrugged, nodded, then shrugged again, feeling unsure.
Thal noticed Blakstar eyeing him before he spoke.  “The keeper on the Mountain told me before I left that you were to be one of my companions and that we were to travel to the valley of the kailum where we will meet the others.  He also said that our first task would be to retrieve another key, and that to be successful in this task, we must all be completely inexperienced when we enter the place where the key is; this may explain the sudden change of plan,” Blakstar said, one hand on the hilt of his sword, the other fingering one of the flasks at his belt.
Thal started to think, and the color returned to his face.  “My mother said that the signal for my departure was your arrival, something we were not, at first, expecting until fall, but then the date was changed to earlier this spring.”  He looked up at the kortexi.  “Did something happen to delay your departure?”
Blakstar’s eyebrows wrinkled.  “Yes, but I don’t know what.  The Wesento called me to his study three weeks ago and told me to be ready to leave the following morning; he did not tell me why the plans had changed, only that urgency was required.  Then things happened to delay my departure: problems with making armor and my horse going lame.  I finally left eight days ago.”
Thal nodded and looked away.  “You said ‘another key,’ which implies that you already have a key: what is it?”
The kortexi drew his sword.  “This is the first key.”
“Am I right in guessing that your sword is the sword of Sir Karble, the first kortexi?”
Blakstar nodded.
“May I examine it?” Thal asked, holding out his hands.
The kortexi reversed the sword, holding it out for Thal.  Thal started to accept it, when Kalamar’s voice shouted from above.
“Thal, have you two eaten yet?” Kalamar asked.  “When I said there was little time, I meant that you needed to hurry,” he went on sounding impatient, “that there was no time for conversations or questions: hurry!” he repeated with more insistence.
Thal jumped, jerking his hands back.  “Sorry, Blakstar, my desire for knowledge. . . .”  He left it hanging.
Blakstar smiled, slipped his sword back into its scabbard, then tucked his gauntlets behind his belt.  “Lead the way.”
Thal turned and ran out of the room and across the hall, then moved into the dining room.  Blakstar followed him into the room in time to see him remove a purple aura, a ditistas, Thal noted, to keep the food fresh and hot, covering two trays, both heaped with food.  Thal pulled out a chair for the kortexi, then made himself a sandwich with eggs, bacon, cheese, and some new lettuce.
“I’ll just grab this and go find out if there is anything else to be done before we go,” Thal said, and took a bite of his breakfast as he turned to go.
Blakstar nodded, then began to eat.  Thal ran up the stairs to the fourth floor and tapped on the door to his father’s study, then entered.
Kalamar leaned back in his chair and rubbed his temples.  “I dreamed last night of Melbarth; he came to me to bring me a message about you and your future companions.  He told me that you are the chosen of the One, and that I should send you directly to Shigmar this morning.  I asked why you should go by a orthek that uses much energy, and he told me that you, the chosen of the One, had to be inexperienced to complete your first task: if you travel by normal means to Shigmar, you will gain too much experience, and the more experience you gain before entering the place of the task, the greater your chances of failure.  The teka was created to prevent Gar or his servants from retrieving what has been hidden there since the beginning.”
Thal sat down hard on his usual chair in front of the desk.  “The kortexi was told exactly the same thing,” he said in a surprised whisper, “and also that we are going to retrieve a second key, his sword is the first key: how many keys are there?”
Kalamar pointed to the sandwich, forgotten in Thal’s hand.  “That won’t give you any sustenance, if you don’t eat it.  You’ll need to gather your things, along with a portable reagent pack,” he said, pointing to the worn leather case sitting on his desk.
Thal took another bite from his sandwich, chewed fast and swallowed.  “But that is yours, if I take it, what will you use?”
“I have no need of a travel pack,” the old maghi replied, “you will need it far more than I.  The time to gather your things and saddle your horses should be enough for me to finish my preparations.”
Thal took and swallowed another bite while his father spoke, struggling to digest more than just the food.  “You haven’t answered my question,” he noted petulantly around another mouthful.
Kalamar sighed.  “Three–three for the three original orders; the seklesem came later.  Now gather your things, and do not forget your study books.”  Thal thought his father looked grayer than normal as he turned his attention back to the scroll he studied.
Thal knew better than to question further, although many questions occurred to him, one rising to the surface of his thoughts: why so sudden?  He closed the door quietly after picking up the leather case, then moved into his own study.  He gathered his things while still biting from his sandwich, pondering the question, and descended to his bedroom.  There, he washed his hands, having finished his breakfast, grabbed some spare clothes, his bedroll, and stuffed it all into his saddlebags, which he found sitting on his bed: trust his mother to think of everything, as he found the things he had forgotten already inside.  She had even left a belt--her old traveling belt--with his rod already there.  He buckled it on, then picked up his saddlebags and left his room.  As he passed the dining room, he said that he was going to the stable to saddle the horses.  He started to saddle his own horse, a white and chestnut mare named Marble, as he was more familiar with her harness.  By the time he had finished, he heard Blakstar enter behind him, and turned to find him carrying another sandwich and a mug.
“I thought you might want something more to eat,” Blakstar said, “and I thought you could eat while I saddle Wingfoot.”
“Thanks,” Thal said, accepting the mug and sandwich, “although as host, I should be doing that for you.”  He took a drink of milk and a bite of the sandwich.
Blakstar smiled and moved to his mount.  “Since we are going to be traveling together for a long time, likely most of our lives, I did not think that I was really a guest and you my host.”
Thal laughed.  “Sound reasoning, I should have thought of it.”  He continued to eat and drink while Blakstar saddled his horse.  “I did learn,” Thal said between bites, “that there are three keys--one for each order--and that my master is sending us to Shigmar with a teleport orthek.”
Blakstar was just buckling his saddle.  “But aren’t there four orders?”
“I mis-spoke,” Thal answered, “I should have said, the three original orders, as the seklesem came later,” Thal replied.  “Since the first key is your sword, and it is the sword of the original kortexi, I’d bet that we have to retrieve something of either Shigmar or Melbarth.”  Thal finished his sandwich and milk before continuing.  “Kailum of Shigmar carry staves, so I’d bet that one of the keys is the Staff of Shigmar, which would mean that the third would be Melbarth’s Rod.”  Thal’s eyes went wide.  “Do you suppose . . . ,” he began, but was cut-off by the voice of Kalamar as he stepped into the stable behind Thal.
“We don’t have time for your supposes, Thalamar,” Kalamar said.  He turned to the kortexi, who had just finished saddling his mount.  “Welcome, Sir Blakstar eli-kerdu-ghebi.  I wish there were time to hear your tale; I’d love to know how you came to bear the devices and gear of Sir Karble.”
Blakstar looked surprised, but still managed to bow.  “Greetings, Hierarch.  I had no idea this was your home.”
Thal was stunned for the second time that morning.  “You know each other?”
“Yes,” Kalamar replied, “we were introduced when the Great Council met last fall in Karble.”  He turned from Thal to Blakstar.  “We had an inkling that you might be the one, but we have not time to discuss this further.  Lead your mounts around to the telepad.”
Thal staggered to the outer doors leading Marble, pushed them open, and crossed the yard then went through the front gate.  He led Marble past the front door to the tower’s west side and onto the telepad.  Kalamar walked next to Blakstar.
“Sir Blakstar,” he began.
“Please, Hierarch,” the kortexi interrupted, “to you, just Blakstar.”
Kalamar smiled, then repeated, “Sir Blakstar, I would be grateful if you would look out for Thalamar until he comes into his full power; his curiosity often gets the better of his good sense and leads him into trouble.  I hope it is nothing that you and your companions cannot handle.  Trouble not over the past; always keep in mind who and what you represent; may all your dreams be fulfilled,” he finished, clasping the kortexi’s hand.  Blakstar looked surprised by the Hierarch’s words, but led his mount onto the telepad next to Thal and his mount when the old maghi released his hand.  Kalamar’s eyes glistened as he turned to Thal.  “I’m sure your mother gave you some good advice: remember it, and follow it.  Don’t forget to study daily, so that your powers continue to grow.  Save your ortheks like a miser until the last moment, then use whatever is necessary to overcome what you face.  Finally, be true to the promises you have made to the One.”
“Thank you, father,” Thal said, voice shaking.  “I will return when we have finished the task for more instruction.  Give my love to mother.”  He held up his right hand, palm outward.
Kalamar also raised his right hand.  “Our love and hopes go with you, my son.”  A tear ran down his cheek.  “Our thoughts will always be with you.”  He raised his rod and tapped it twice on the telepad, causing the symbol to glow brightly with white light.  “Verataint-torekwe-rumepant-adshigmar!” he growled, and the young wethem disappeared in a flash of white light and a thunderclap.  Kalamar leaned heavily on his rod and pulled a white lace handkerchief from his pocket to wipe his eyes.  He turned at the sound of pounding hooves and the creaking of a cart.  He saw Nelle ride up to the tower and jump down before cart and horse had completely stopped.
“Did you just send them off?” Nelle asked.
Kalamar nodded and made his way slowly toward her and the front door to the tower.  “Just now.”
“That was close,” Nelle said.  “I just crashed through a horde of Gar’s creatures prowling about the teka fences.  They attacked the village: I saw the smoke and returned, hoping you had gotten them off before the noose tightened around us.”  She reached her husband’s side, took his arm, and helped him into the tower.  They started up the stairs, climbing to the top floor.  When they stood beneath the trap door leading onto the roof, Nelle spoke the word of command, “rumandu,” opening the door above, then raised her platinum rod.  Kalamar touched her rod, then Nelle said, “steighud-nes,” and they both floated up through the trap door and onto the roof.
“I have known since the melting of winter,” Nelle began, “that the end was near; it has been difficult to conceal from Thal.”
Kalamar nodded, and turned to the east, his eyes going distant.  He turned a full circle, then smiled.  “Gar must really fear us.”
She shrugged.  “We have known that for many years.”
Kalamar touched his wife’s arm, fondly.  “He sent three ponkolum, along with a legion of purem and ghelem.”
Nelle looked surprised.  “Three?  And a legion?”
Kalamar nodded.  “If they raise their hands against us, we will cross over knowing that we have diminished his waning supply of his favorite servants; there will be fewer left after today.”
Nelle smiled, and kissed Kalamar’s cheek.  “They will raise their hands against us,” she noted.  “They will lose most of their forces breaking down our teka fences.  They could not return to Gar without attacking us.”
“I feel the fences weakening,” Kalamar noted, “we will not wait long.”
They turned to the northeast, where most of the assault was concentrated, and saw smoke rising.
“It is a shame to burn the forest,” Nelle said.
“It will not last long,” Kalamar replied, “the storm they hit us with last evening will ensure that,” Kalamar said.
A red flash followed by a booming concussion shook the stones under their feet.  Hordes of ghelem driven forward by purem, who were in turn led by the three ponkolum, rushed out of the smoking forest northeast of the tower.  The two old maghem of Melbarth hurled exploding fireballs at the ghelem; the ordered ranks of the ghelem ripped apart, leaving nothing but steam and ash where the fireballs landed.  The outer edges of the gheli ranks were hurled from their feet by the blast, and the few who survived lay charred and steaming.  The purem and their trio of leaders were unaffected by the flames, being creatures half of fire, and they surged closer to the tower.  Kalamar and Nelle held their arms toward the purem, fingers spread, and multi-forked bolts of lightning shot out, slicing through the lines of purem, reducing any touched by a bolt to gray ash and smoke.  The ponkolum waved the bolts aside.  The two maghem atop the tower joined hands and raised their rods to the sky.  Clouds gathered from all directions while the remaining purem marched forward.  In moments, black clouds hovered over the attackers; lightning flashed as the clouds grew higher and darker.  As the purem and their leaders neared the stable yard, melon-sized chunks of ice fell on them, tearing through most of the remaining purem; the ponkolum raised shields of fire over their heads, deflecting the huge hail, which then destroyed all the purem around them.  The few survivors broke and fled for the safety of the trees, but the ponkolum  raised their arms and beat their huge, leathery wings, dispersing the clouds.
One of the ponkolum laughed.  “Old fools!  Can you not see that our power is greater than yours?  Surrender your son,” he snarled derisively, “and we might let you live.”
Kalamar laughed in turn.  “Gar will not be pleased with you, losing all of your army.  But I think he would be more displeased if you got yourselves destroyed!  Leave now, before the light of the One consumes you.”
“You cannot frighten us with your empty threats!” the first shouted and the other two continued to laugh.  “Surrender your apprentice, and your death will be quick.”
In response, Kalamar sent more bolts of lightning at the ponkolum, but there were fewer forks than there had been before.  The ponkolum easily turned them aside, still laughing; what they failed to see was that in the moment that he sent lightning at them, Nelle pulled a fist-sized blue ball out of the air and lobbed it toward the ponkolum, occupied with the lightning.  The blue ball grew as it passed over them, sinking gently in the air to a point about four feet behind them at the level of their shoulders.  Nelle jerked her rod up; the ball exploded hurling razor sharp shards of ice at the ponkolum’s unprotected wings and backs, tearing large holes in the wings and embedding themselves in their backs, where the fragments of ice hissed and steamed.  The ponkolum howled in pain, staggering forward several steps.
“Nice one, wife,” Kalamar said.
Nelle smiled.  “That should do the trick.”
The three ponkolum then combined their power, creating a huge ball of pure, red flames that hummed like a nest of angry wasps.  After the ball was as wide as the tower, the three, in unison, threw their arms and bodies forward, and the red ball shot toward the maghem on the tower.  Two platinum rods raised a wall of liquid green force, slightly angled, so that the ball of power shot heavenward, bursting overhead.  But the force of the ponkolum’s fury had done its work: both maghem were thrown from their feet and hurled backward, sliding across the tower’s roof to the other side, Kalamar striking the parapet.
Nelle rolled to his side and took him in her arms.  “Husband?”
Kalamar’s eyes barely opened; he whispered: “At least we will cross over together.”  He managed a weak smile, mirrored by Nelle.
Before the last rumbles of the previous ball went silent, the ponkolum combined power again, creating a second ball of humming red force, filling it with the rage and pain they felt, and hurled it at the tower.  It struck the roof and the maghem, just as they smiled at each other.  Most of the roof and the two maghem, still holding to each other, were destroyed in the blast.
The ponkolum started to laugh, but stopped suddenly when the light on the hilltop dimmed, the color fading from everything.  Dead silence followed; mist descended on the hilltop.  The ponkolum looked around.  A crack of thunder split the silence; the hilltop rumbled and shook in response.  The few surviving ghelem and purem bolted for the trees, fleeing and hoping to escape from they knew not what.  A point of brilliant white light winked on at the top of the ruined tower, growing in size and intensity until it was brighter than one-hundred suns.  When the tower was obscured by the blinding brilliance of the light, it exploded from the tower, consuming the ponkolum, who had turned to flee, and the remains of their forces, wiping the hilltop clean, so that no trace remained to show anyone that the ghelem or the purem had ever been there.  The elemental fences surrounding the tower began to renew themselves; purple light began to emanate from the tower beneath the damaged roof, and the area immediately around the tower--gardens, stable, and henhouse--to establish a ditistas.  Hands invisible to the naked eye began the slow process of repairing the damaged roof.  At sunset, a lone wolf howled mournfully in the distance to the north, marking the passing of Kalamar and Nelle, white maghem of Melbarth; a shadow moved under the trees, passing the teka fences before they closed completely, approaching the tower and canceling the ditistas, the figure now mourning the loss of family, mistress, and beloved, all in a single day.

Chapter 10

Traveling through rumepant is an eerie, unsettling experience, best done in silence, but if one must speak, it should be done beneath a dome of silence, lest the echoes drive all in one’s party mad, for the echoes of a single sentence can last for hours. . . .

from the Annals of Melbarth, First Series, Early Lectures of the Hierarchs,
Guest Lecture by Headmaster Shigmar

Their eyes adjusted slowly, the bright white light of Kalamar’s orthek fading to gray mistiness.  Blakstar felt that they were moving, standing on a round slab of obsidian bearing the same symbol as the one upon which they had stood outside of the white maghi’s tower, but no breath of air cooled his cheeks.  He stood holding Wingfoot’s reins, his mount on his left and Thal to his right, who was holding Marble’s reins.  The place they were in was not dark, but there was no single source of light, no way to establish direction, no sun, moon, or stars, only the stone under their feet.  The air was neither warm nor cold, without scent or moisture; the stamp or snort of the horses echoed strangely, as if they were inside a hollow stone tube.
“Where are we?” Blakstar asked and heard himself ask several times before his echoes faded away in the distance.
“Do you understand the four dimensions?” Thal asked, and re-asked.
“Do you mean length, width, height, and time?” the kortexi asked, and re-asked.
“Maghem name this the fifth dimension,” Thal said, then waited for the echoes to fade.  “Here, everyplace is the same distance from every other place.”  Echoes fading into the distance, then Blakstar heard the echoing whisper of his first question beginning to return; the horses stamped and shifted, their ears rotating.  “Shigmar to Karble to the Mountain to the tower: all the same.”
Wherearewe wherearewe wherearewe wherearewe wherearewe wherearewe. . . .
“How far?” Blakstar asked shortly and in a low whisper in an attempt to minimize the echoes, now hearing more of their conversation returning.  The horses shook their heads, blowing and stamping, as if they were trying to shake off the sounds.
Doyouunderstandthefourdimensions doyouunderstandthefourdimensions. . . .
“About an hour,” Thal replied, frowning at the sounds of his own voice returning.  Echoes repeated and faded, then other words returned, hissing whispers filling the mist around them; moments passed slowly.
Doyoumeanlengthwidthheightandtime doyoumeanlengthwidthheightandtime. . . .
Thal turned to Blakstar.  “I never got to examine your sword,” he said, starting more echoes.
Maghemnamethisthefifthdimension maghemnamethisthefifthdimension. . . .
“Can’t you do something about the echoes?” Blakstar asked, covering his ears to stop the echoes now getting louder; both mounts shook with fright, their ears laid back.
Hereeveryplaceisthesamedistancefromeveryotherplace hereveryplaceisthesame. . . .
Thal smacked his forehead.  “Of course!” he snapped.  “I forgot.  In the excitement of leaving . . . ,” he began, but stopped, as the sounds of their voices multiplied about them; Blakstar winced.  Thal raised his rod, whispered, and a silver globe grew out of the rod’s tip, expanding to surround them; all sound of the hissing echoes ceased as the dome covered Blakstar.  “I forgot the first rule of rumepant,” Thal said, and no echoes followed, “a ward to allow conversation.”  The shimmering silver globe now covered both them and their mounts, the horses’ ears going back up, both heads moving to look around.
“Rumepant?” Blakstar said, eyebrows raising.
“That is the name of this place in between the normal reaches of space and time,” Thal explained.  “Your sword’s power to open doorways to other places confirms the theory of a further dimension, in which all places exist in a single place and time, although the explanation for its existence seems to be too convoluted and complex for casual conversation.  I think it more likely that your sword somehow punches a hole in reality, drawing your position and the place you want to get to next to each other, so that one can simply take a single step and cross large spaces.”
Blakstar shook his head, looking quite confused, and drew his sword, reversing it and offering it to Thal.  “You wanted to examine this?”
Thal’s eyes came back to the kortexi and his sword.  “I’m sorry,” he said, “I sometimes get distracted. . . .”
Blakstar shrugged.  “What can you tell me about my sword, which is the first key?”
Thal accepted the sword, holding it up.  “It is marvelously light,” he said, “belying its large size.  I’d expect it to be much heavier; its lightness is likely an effect of its teka.”  Thal was silent for a time; he closed his eyes for a moment before continuing.  “It is odd, however, that it only has a slight dweomer of teka; I’d expect a much stronger aura, considering its power to open doorways to other places.”
“The keeper told me that my armor would grow in power as I grew in experience,” Blakstar said, “do you suppose that includes my sword?”
Thal nodded.  “Very probably.”  He moved the hilt closer to his eyes, noticing symbols on the cross guard.  “There is something written here,” he began, then flicked the fingers of his free hand and a globe of light blossomed above his head.  “That’s better; I can make them out now: eli-kerdu-ghebi, which is also your second name.  The first part, ‘eli’ is the ancient word for the One, ‘kerdu’ is ‘heart,’ and ‘ghebi’ is ‘giver,’ so the name of this key must be heart-giver of the One.”
“That does not make sense, heart-giver?  What does that mean?” Blakstar asked, feeling very confused by Thal’s interpretation.
“It is a metaphor,” Thal replied, “the sword is the preferred weapon of the kortexi, so a sword that is a ‘heart-giver’ must be a giver of courage, in this case, the sword literally gives you heart–courage–or the will to fight.”  Thal tapped his chin with one finger, thinking.  He stood after a moment and held up the sword with both hands in defensive position.  “Stand and fight!” he shouted.
Blakstar stood, confused, then laughed.  “What?  Are you kidding?”
“Don’t I frighten you?” Thal asked, crestfallen.
“No, not really,” Blakstar replied, “your stance and grip are not quite right.”
“What?  Oh, sorry,” Thal said, “you can tell I’m not really a swordsman.”  He clumsily turned the sword around and pushed it toward the kortexi.  “Here,” he said, “you try it.”
Blakstar took the sword.  “Huh?”
“Assume the stance that you would if you meant to attack me,” Thal replied.
Blakstar raised a single eyebrow.  “Why?” he asked.
“Just testing a theory,” Thal answered.
Blakstar still felt confused, but shrugged.  The sword came up, held in his right hand, point toward Thal’s throat; both the blade and the gemstone on the pommel glowed suddenly with golden light.
Thal’s eyes widened; he stepped back into Marble, covering his face with his arms.  “Put it down, please!” he implored.
The kortexi complied, letting the flat of the blade rest on his right shoulder; the light surrounding the blade winked out, but there was still a glimmer of golden light from the yellow stone set into the pommel.  “And?” he asked, wondering at Thal’s behavior.
Thal breathed a sigh of relief, not speaking for several moments.  “A sword has the literal ability to ‘take the heart’ from another, by killing the opponent.  Your sword has, not only the literal ability to take someone’s heart, but also drains his courage, his will to fight.  When you aimed the point at my throat and the blade lit up, I suddenly felt fear, even though I knew you did not mean to attack me.  Your sword, the heart-giver of the One, apparently has the power to cause fear, or at least drain courage from your opponent.”  He thought for a moment, again tapping his chin with one finger.  “I think it might be better translated as will-giver of the One,” he mused, “yes, that makes more sense to me.” 
“Are you telling me that when I face someone in battle,” Blakstar began, frowning with the effort, “my sword will make them fear me?” he finished, feeling mildly shocked.
“I won’t know for sure until you actually fight someone with it,” Thal replied, “but yes, I think that is what it does.”
The kortexi’s brow wrinkled.  “Well, that hardly seems fair,” he noted, “I draw the sword to fight and my opponent is suddenly afraid of me.”
Thal barked a laugh, then coughed.  “You are facing say, three ponkolum,” Thal posited, “do you still think it unfair that they are frightened by you and your sword?”
At the mention of ponkolum, Blakstar’s face drained of color, recalling his dreams; he carefully slipped his sword back into its scabbard, then sank to the stone.  Inside, he heard the laughter of the ponkolam, saw the blind but hungry eyes of the pura whose face blurred into the face of Marta, felt the burning flame of desire, the flaming pain across chest and loins where the mark of Gar had been somehow inscribed; unconsciously, he reached up to cover his chest, and he saw the face and form of his mate-to-be, heard her anguished cry to see, felt again the pain across his chest and loins; harsh ponkolam laughter, eyes hungry with desire, guilty flames burning low in his belly, flaming pain over his front, leather thongs digging into his wrists and ankles, sharp pain at the base of his skull, anguished cry, “let me see him! let me see him! let me see. . . .”
His eyes snapped back into focus on the form shaking him by his shoulders, the long face, filled with concern and framed by wild, red hair; Blakstar was panting and scratching at the pain in his chest.
“Blakstar, what’s wrong?”  Thal asked, face wrinkled with concern.
“When you mentioned . . . , when you said . . . , I . . . ,” he stammered, “I recalled the dreams I had last night, filled with images I did not understand and a feeling of overwhelming guilt suddenly filled me, but I do not know its source.”  He jerked to his feet and turned away, grabbing Wingfoot’s neck and pushing his face against it to stifle the sobs trying to escape from his mouth.  Moments passed before his breathing returned to normal, and he felt himself regain some control.  He felt a hand on his shoulder and turned, his face a stony mask.
“Has something happened?” Thal asked.
Blakstar shrugged once.  “I don’t know,” he replied, “but the dreams and recalling them, makes me feel as if I had done something wrong–very wrong–enough to cause me to lose my place in the order . . . I am tormented by sudden guilt that I don’t understand.”
“Do you want to talk about it?” the maghi asked, sounding concerned.
The kortexi shook his head and looked away.  “There just dreams,” he shrugged.
Blakstar felt Thal stand, Thal’s hand still gripping his shoulder.  “Blakstar,” Thal said, then paused a moment as if considering what to say.  “Perhaps if I tell you a little about myself, it might distract you from these troubling dreams and feelings.”
Blakstar sighed, then shrugged.
“I’m not actually the son of Kalamar and Nelle,” he said.
Blakstar looked up suddenly, surprised by this declaration.  “What do you mean?”
“I’m the son of a kara who died when I was very young,” Thal continued.  “I joined the urchins of the street, begging and stealing enough to survive.  The people of the village put up with us, feeling partially responsible for our wretched state; I think they actually left food out for us.  When I was nearly six, a couple of years after my mother died and left me alone, I noticed a wetha who came to the village regularly, trading her farm goods for other useful items.  I learned that she was a white maghi, living with her husband near our village.  One day, I felt quite bold and asked her to show me some teka.  She smiled at my request, snapped her fingers, and a delicious looking apple appeared out of thin air, I thought.  This went on for more than a week: I would ask for teka and she would snap her fingers and give me some piece of fruit.  In the evenings, I would brag to my fellow thieves that I was learning to become a great maghi, who would soon not need to steal food, as I would be able to conjure it out of nothing.  After having had their fill of my bragging, one of the thieves asked the obvious question: ‘If you are learning to be a maghi, why are you still here with us?’  The others laughed and joined her in teasing me, made worse as I knew she was right.  The next time I saw the maghi, my companions’ teasing prodded me to ask her to take me home with her and train me as a maghi.  My request startled her, but she took me by the shoulders and stared into my eyes for a time.  I felt embarrassed by it, feeling that she was looking inside of me.  She let go, said, ‘Oh my,’ and then left.  Later that day, she returned with her husband.  He took me aside and placed one hand on my forehead.  I was watching his face, so I saw his eyes widen in surprise, then he smiled at me.  He told me later that when he saw my potential, the One whispered in his mind that I was the apprentice he had been seeking.  They went to the village council and adopted me on the spot as their son and heir.  What a strange turn of events this was in the life of a would-be thief!”
Thal glanced at Blakstar before going on.  “I spent the next six years being educated: learning to read and write, grammar, history, philosophy, theology, astronomy, everything but teka.  I learned to milk cows and gather eggs, weed the garden, clean out the stable, and so on, but did not learn a single orthek.  During the time, I was upset by this fact, and pestered my adopted parents constantly about teka.  Their answer was always the same: we’ll teach you teka when we decide you are ready, which to a young boy meant, never.”
At this, Blakstar laughed.  “That sounds familiar,” he noted amidst his laughter, “the same is true of a kortexi.  Only difference is we did more manual labor and constant exercising, and running: oh, how I hated those daily, five league runs!”
Thal nodded and smiled, glad to see his companion laugh.  “Of course, I now realize that what they taught me through those early years provided a foundation for learning teka, just as all that running made you strong enough to wear armor and wield a sword.  I spent the last ten years learning teka, and the frightening part is that I’ve barely scratched the surface; I might be able to light someone’s boots on fire, if they weren’t wet, or raise a shield that would deflect an arrow, uh, fired at long range, that is,” Thal paused, then he added, “by a nearly blind archer.”
Blakstar looked at Thal, saw him smiling, and burst out laughing.  For nearly five minutes, he continued to laugh, unable to stop, not because Thal’s joke was really very funny, but for the release of tension that had been building within in him since he started riding toward the Mountain.
Thal looked surprised.  “The joke wasn’t that good; in point of fact, it was quite awful.”
Blakstar wiped the tears from his face.  “It was the last twig that broke the donkey’s back,” he whispered hoarsely, borrowing a popular phrase.  “The last week, or so, has been quite tense,” he added, “to laugh that hard helps relieve some of the tension.”
“That is good,” Thal said, “you were beginning to look quite somber; I was afraid for a moment that you might actually turn to stone, which, I suppose, could have certain advantages for a kortexi,” he went on, a smile twitching at the corners of his mouth, “very difficult to stab.”
“Please, no more bad jokes,” Blakstar said, laughing again, “I might not be able to stop; how would it look if we arrived in Shigmar, both doubled over with laughter?”
“They’d be quite impressed with you,” Thal laughed, “Sir Karble come back as the laughing kortexi: he attacks his foes with his fear-instilling sword, then tells them bad jokes until they laugh so hard, that they die of a cardiac arrest.”
More time passed to recover this time, both of them laughing and ignoring the patronizing looks both mounts gave them when both leaned on their horses for support.
Thal wiped his eyes with the sleeve of his robe.  “Feeling better?”
Blakstar pulled a square of cloth out and wiped his face and nodded.  “A little.”
Thal stood silent for a moment, while Blakstar tucked the cloth away.  “I wonder if we can deduce something about the other keys from what we know about your sword and its name,” Thal suggested.
Blakstar’s hand went to the hilt of his sword.  “What do you mean?”
“Well, from the sword’s name,” Thal said, “the will to fight, to have courage, or to have heart given from the One, seems to me to be a principle attribute of your order, along with strength and stamina.  In my case, the case of a maghi, the principle attribute could be teka–the power to wield elemental forces, maghu, in the ancient language, or maybe knowledge, which is gnumu, or menu, which means ‘thought.’  So the Rod of Melbarth could be eli-maghu-ghebhi, ‘teka giver of the One,’ eli-gnumu-ghebhi, ‘knowledge giver of the One,’ or eli-menu-ghebhi, ‘the One’s giver of thought.’”  Thal tapped his chin thoughtfully.  “There is a Rod of Melbarth in the tower’s atrium–the tower of the maghi school in Melbarth,” he added, “but it lies in a display case protected by many powerful ortheks . . . ,” he trailed off, still tapping his chin.
Blakstar laughed.  “But which is it? and does it really matter?”
Blakstar saw Thal jerk when the kortexi laughed, bringing him back to the present.  “I don’t have enough information to decide which it is, and the differences between them would change the rod’s inherent powers, so, yes, it does matter.  I can only speak for my own order, but the symbols and their corresponding words from the ancient language are symbols of power.  With them, a maghi can weave together ortheks that perform particular teka: change one of the symbols, or its position in the incantation, and the final result is completely different.”
“Maybe only the sword has a name like this,” Blakstar suggested, shrugging.
“If the three are keys that we need in order to complete our life’s quest, then it seems logical that they would have something in common,” Thal said.
“What if they are simply keys that open three different doors,” Blakstar noted, “my sword is the key that opens a special cabinet in the Mountain that holds my armor and equipment; what if they are like that?” Blakstar asked.
“Special cabinet?”  Thal asked, suddenly eyeing him with more interest.
“The place where my armor was kept,” Blakstar replied, “the keeper told me that if I needed to replace anything, if something was lost or broken, that I was to return to the room and use my sword to open the cabinet where I would find replacement equipment.”
“How does it work?” the white maghi asked.
“There is a small slot,” the kortexi replied, “about the size of the blade.  I simply slide the sword into it, and the cabinet opens.”
“Were there any markings on the cabinet or slot?”
“I don’t remember,” Blakstar said after thinking, “I was preoccupied at the time.”
“Too bad,” Thal frowned, tapping his chin thoughtfully with one finger, “it might help me deduce more.”
“Do you think that we will seek the rod first?” Blakstar asked after a short silence.
“There is no need to look,” Thal replied, “as the rod is in a case in Melbarth,” he repeated, forgetting that he had already mentioned this fact.  Thal thought a moment.  “No, since we are being sent to Shigmar,” he added, “home of the order he founded, I’d guess we will be looking for Shigmar’s staff.”  He stopped and tapped his chin again.  “The name of the staff is even more difficult than the rod.  The principle attribute of a kailu is wisdom and what they do is healing; wisdom is a compound word in the ancient, wedhu, from weid, ‘to see,’ and dhu, ‘to set or put,’ as in setting something in motion or putting something into practice.  In many ways, wisdom is putting knowledge into practice, so it combines knowledge and experience.  But ‘wisdom’ is a late word, so in the time of Shigmar, it could have been, gnudhu, which is putting knowledge into practice.  Healing is to make one whole, so the symbol for it is kailu, which would be the simplest--eli-kailu-ghebhi--the ‘One’s giver of health.’”
Blakstar barked a laugh.  “And we are still where we were,” he noted, “speculating, and no closer to knowing anything useful.”
The laugh again jerked Thal out of his musings.  “You may be right,” he admitted, “but the more we know, the more prepared we are to face whatever Gar places in our way.”
The kortexi nodded, lapsing into silence; the red-haired maghi also fell silent, one finger still tapping his chin; the horses shifted and nickered in turn, joining their masters in the other-worldly silence surrounding them.

A shadow detached itself from the corner of the small room, little more than a closet with a tiny desk; a tall, cloaked figure moved toward the green-robed figure seated at the desk.  The seated kailu jumped when the cloaked figure’s cold hand touched the kailu’s shoulder from behind; the kailu apprentice wiped his sweaty face with a red silk handkerchief.
“About time,” he wheezed, “I was beginning to think you’d abandoned me.”
The cloaked figure pulled a chair around next to the desk, sitting and placing his fingertips together in front of his still hooded and shadowed face.  The figure lounged rather than sat in the chair; his fingers drumming slowly together.  The kailu wiped his face again, sweating even more under the silent scrutiny.  The cloaked figure waited for a time before speaking.
“I had more important business to attend to, kerteradi,” the cloaked figure finally said.
“That is not my name!” the kailu protested.
“It is the name of those who sell themselves to the Great Lord, so it is your name,” the figure replied coldly.
The kailu flinched and compulsively wiped his face.
The cloaked figure leaned back and laughed, his mouth and chin, surrounded by a perfectly trimmed brown beard, were momentarily visible.  “Never think that the Great Lord has forgotten you, kerteradi,” the figure grasped the arms of the chair and leaned toward the kailu, his voice becoming an ominous whisper, “the Great Lord never forgets those who have sworn into his service, never fails to reward the obedient, never fails to punish those who fail in their assigned tasks.”  The figure reached with his right hand toward the kailu, index finger pointing and touching the center of the kailu’s chest; the kailu arched back in his chair, a scream exploding from between his clenched teeth.  The cloaked figure pressed his finger harder into the kailu’s chest, causing more writhing and louder screaming, removing his finger a moment later.  “Have you forgotten whom you serve?” he whispered.
The kailu still shook, panting and trying to speak.  “No, Lord,” he croaked, “but someone might hear: many who saw you here would recognize you,” he managed between pants, “and I would be revealed, ending my usefulness here, to the Great Lord.”
The cloaked figure laughed again.  “If that happens, I will kill you myself, but not before you have screamed yourself hoarse and after we have stretched you across the altar and let Mistress Melufa have her way with you, giving your still beating heart to the Great Lord.  Do you take me for a fool?”
The kailu fell out of his chair, prostrating himself in front of the cloaked figure.  “Never!  I serve the Great Lord, and his favored servant.”
The cloaked figure kicked the kailu off his feet.  “Get up, kerteradi, and give me your report.  How proceeds the Great Lord’s plan?”
The kailu got painfully back into his chair, wiping his face with the red silk, then picking up a mirror off the desk.  He looked at the place where the cloaked figure had kicked him, saw a bruise forming under his left eye.  “Lord, if people see this bruise they will ask questions.”
“Then heal yourself, kerteradi,” the figure snapped.
“I . . . I cannot,” the kailu admitted.
“Then cover it,” the figure replied.  “My patience is not unlimited.”
The kailu flinched, tried to wipe the sweat from his face, but tossed the red silk handkerchief, soaked with sweat, onto the desk.  “I did as you instructed,” he reported, “I took my kailu master to the secret glade and showed him the altar.”
“And how did your kailu master respond?” he asked, a hint of amusement in his voice.
“As you anticipated, he was outraged,” the kailu continued.  “I reminded him who was there last, and he vowed to take action.  When we returned, he called for a council.”
“Does he have enough votes?”
“Yes.”  The kailu wiped his face with the sleeve of his green robe.  “The seeds have borne fruit.”
“When he is condemned, signal.  The purem and ghelem hordes will be unleashed against Shigmar.”
“But the seklesem?” the kailu asked, hoping not to upset the figure.
The figure laughed again.  “Do you think you are the only kerteradi among the Great Lord’s foes?  There are others, many others; they will ensure that Shigmar falls and that if the seklesem come, it will be too late even to bury the dead.”  The cloaked figure was silent for a moment, tapping his fingertips together before his shadowed face.  “What about your little job in the Infirmary?”
“I did as you commanded,” the sweating kailu replied; “it slid into the wound and disappeared, as you said it would.”
“Not even that meddling fool, Avril, will notice,” the figure noted with satisfaction.  “You have done well, kerteradi.  When the captives are dragged from Shigmar, the Great Lord will make sure you are rewarded with she whom you desire.”
“But what if something goes wrong?  Headmaster Myron is notorious for having tricks up his sleeve: what if he pulls off another miracle?”
“Myron has one great weakness,” the figure assured his cringing servant, “everything has been set up to exploit his weakness.”
“What is it?”
“The law,” the figure replied, “he is a great believer in the law.  He will not pull another miracle out of his sleeve when his apprentice has been tried and convicted according to the laws he holds dear.  The plan can only fail if you fail, and I know,” the cloaked figure continued slowly, pointing at the kailu’s chest, “you will not fail, for you fear the pain of failure and desire the promised reward with all the fires of your lust: the apprentice’s witch will be yours.”
The kailu’s face lit up; a vision of Klare filled his mind.  “You will teach me the red kailu way of mastering the will of another, so that she becomes my willing slave?” he asked in a breathy whisper.
“Yes,” the cloaked figure hissed, “think of her, your willing slave, ready to fulfill your every desire.”  The cloaked figure paused, giving the implications time to sink in.  “Now, kerteradi, there is one more thing.”
The kailu looked up at the cloaked figure, his cheeks colored with the visions filling his head.  “What?” he asked, his desire plain upon his face.
“You must take me to visit your master,” the cloaked figure said.
The vision snapped shut; the kailu leaped out of his chair.  “Are you mad?” he shouted.
The cloaked figure raised his arm, finger pointing and moving toward the kailu’s chest; the kailu stumbled backward, trying to avoid the pain he saw coming toward him.  “You dare accuse me?” the cloaked figure asked, power and menace filling each word.
The kailu fell again to his knees.  “Forgive me, Lord,” he choked, “the vision you called up in my mind distracted me, and your request caught me off guard.”  The kailu placed his head on the floor in abjection.
The cloaked figure bent over the kailu groveling at his feet and brushed his fingers across the top of the kailu’s head, giving him only the slightest jolt of pain.  “Get up, kerteradi, and take me to your master.”
The kailu got slowly to his feet, eyes on the cloaked figure.  “May I ask why?”
“You may ask,” the figure replied, “and I may answer, depending on how quickly you fulfill my command.”
“We will go at once, Lord,” the kailu replied, moving quickly to the door of his room.  He opened it only a crack, to view the hall.
“The Great Lord,” the figure continued, “wants to be sure all of the chosen now present in Shigmar are condemned to death, so I will become your master.”
“How is this possible?” the kailu asked in awe.
“To the Great Lord, all things are possible,” the figure replied, naked eagerness revealed in every word.

Chapter 11

The kailu order is governed by the mekala, an assemblage of all kailum that can be gathered to the school within three days of being summoned.  Full initiates into the order can only be tried and punished for crimes against the order by the mekala, while matters of school discipline are decided by the council only, consisting of the Headmaster, who chairs the council, along with the five masters. . . .

from Laws of the Kailum

The door opened, and the white-robed novice stepped out of the way, allowing the two young wethem to enter the room.  The first was tall and gangly, wild red hair framing his long face; the second was nearly as tall but better built, garbed in white and gold, bearing devices Myron recognized at once as the symbols of Sir Karble, the first kortexi.  To Myron’s eyes, the kortexi glowed golden, but there was a hint of darkness at his chest and loins.  When Klaybear turned and saw the newcomers, he was hurled back into his chair by some unseen hand, eyes wide, staring, and blank.  The wounds on his hand and forehead pulsed with angry red light; a low groan rumbled from deep within the fallen kailu’s chest.
Myron, followed closely by the kortexi, Sir Blakstar, rushed to Klaybear’s side.
“What’s happened?” Blakstar asked.
“Seeing your two faces,” Myron replied, “has thrown him into his vision, where he re-sees your parts in it.”
“Those wounds?” the kortexi asked.
“Given to him by Gar, himself,” the Headmaster replied, “and we have been unable to heal them.”
Without pausing to think, Blakstar removed the special flask from his belt, pulled out the stopper, and poured some of the contents into Klaybear’s open right palm.  Klaybear went rigid, and the liquid in his hand started to steam and glow brilliant gold.  In seconds the liquid evaporated, and the wound had closed, leaving only a thin red line in the shape of the mark.  Myron took Klaybear’s head and tilted it back; Blakstar poured some of the liquid over the wound on his forehead.  Again, Klaybear went rigid, and the liquid began to steam and glow.  When it evaporated, the wound was closed and only a thin red line in the shape of the mark remained.
“Open his mouth,” Blakstar said.
Myron did, and the kortexi poured some of the liquid in; Klaybear swallowed eagerly, and Blakstar put a hand on his shoulder when the fallen kailu tried to leap to his feet.
“Peace, my friend,” Blakstar said, “the Waters of Life are potent to those who drink them for the first time.”
“Of course!” Myron exclaimed.  “The Waters of Life, carried by Sir Karble and the answer to the riddle.”
“What happened?” Klaybear asked, looking around in surprise.
“No time for that now,” Myron replied and took the kortexi by the arm and led him to the two who lay sick.  “Her first,” he said, pointing to the seklesa, “she has been infected longer.”
“Where is the wound?” Blakstar asked.
“She was forced to drink it, so her mouth.”
Blakstar nodded, and Myron opened her mouth, allowing the kortexi the space to pour some of the Waters in.  Like Klaybear, she swallowed eagerly.  Thalamar and Klaybear came and stood at the other side of her bed, watching.  The seklesa went rigid, then started to thrash violently.
“Hold her!” Myron barked, grabbing her arm to keep her still, then added, “don’t use your right hand, Klaybear.”
Her convulsions lasted for a minute and then she went limp; steam and brilliant golden light emanated from her, and as the steam rose from her skin, her skin was whole and healed, but as the steam cleared, the blackness reasserted itself, and the right half of her face, although healed, deformed.  The hair on the right half of her head fell out, the right side of her face wrinkled and shrunk.  Blakstar tried the Waters again, pouring a little on her face.  The liquid hissed and steamed, but a scream ripped from the twisted grin the right half of her mouth had become.
“No more!” she squealed, a high, tearing sound that was painful to hear.  “It’s killing me!”  She went suddenly limp and silent.
The four wethem stood stunned, not sure what had happened.  Then Klaybear broke the silence.
“It is as I have seen,” Klaybear whispered.
Myron shook himself out of his momentary stupor.  “We must help Delgart.”
“Is that wise,” Klaybear protested, “seeing what effect it has had on her?”
“He’ll die if we do nothing,” Myron replied.
Klaybear sighed and nodded.  Blakstar and Myron turned to the other bed; Thal and Klaybear walked around the beds to the other side.
“At least we know not to apply any Waters after they have finished,” Thal said softly.
“Where is the wound?” the kortexi asked.
“Left side,” Myron replied, pulling the blanket off to reveal his bandaged side.
Blakstar waited until the Headmaster pulled up the bandage, then poured some of the Water over the wound.  The Waters steamed and glowed, but before the wound closed, a thin finger-length rod of red metal slid out of the wound.
“What is that?” Blakstar asked.  Thal leaned over the bed, then reached across to pick it up.
“No!” Myron exclaimed, and the white maghi’s hand jerked back.  Myron knocked the red sliver off with the heel of his staff, and the sliver burst into flames when it struck the stone floor.  Klaybear took the pitcher of water from the stand next to Delgart’s bed and poured it over the flaming metal sliver.  The water hissed and bubbled, but the metal continued to burn.
“We cannot stop for that,” Myron said and turned back to Delgart.  “Give him a drink, Sir Blakstar.”
Myron opened Delgart’s mouth, and Blakstar poured the Waters in, Delgart drinking eagerly.  Delgart went into convulsions, the four wethem held him down, and after a minute, he went limp, steam with brilliant, golden light rising from the skin, healing Delgart’s flesh.  Again, the darkness re-asserted itself.  This time, however, the left side of Delgart’s face deformed, his hair falling out, mouth twisting, face wrinkling and shrinking.  Delgart went limp.  The metal sliver burned itself out, leaving only a black spot on the floor.
“At least we know one thing,” Thal remarked and pointed to the dark spot on the stone floor, “we know how this wethi was infected.”
Myron walked over to the spot and prodded it with his staff.  “Not even any ash to examine,” he said to himself.
“Who would do this,” Klaybear began, responding to Thal, “and why?”
“Well ‘who’ is easy,” Thal said, “Gar through his agents.  The ‘why’ is a bit more difficult, although if pressed, I would say to prevent us,” he pointed to all in the room but Myron, “from doing whatever it is we need to do.”
Myron looked up from the floor.  “I think we know something else,” he said, then his voice grew cold and hard, “we have a traitor among us.”
Blakstar’s hand, having just finished replacing the special flask on his belt, went to his sword; Thal and Klaybear looked at Myron.
“How do you know that?” Thal asked.
“Did Delgart look like he did this morning, in this room, yesterday when you rescued him?” Myron asked Thal.
“No . . . ah, yes, I see,” Thal replied, “there must be a traitor in Shigmar, in this very place.”
“How do you figure that?” Klaybear asked, eyebrow rising.
“When I rescued this wethi–Delgart–from the ghelem, yesterday, and Myron brought him here, he was only wounded in the side, from the shipwreck, which means that he was given the disease by means of that metal sliver after arriving here in the school, so someone inside must have given it to him, during the night.”
“As I told Klaybear and his wife, earlier, he was fine when I left him in the sixteenth hour last night and found with the disease this morning in the 1st hour,” Myron said.  “I sent Klare to inquire who had been in here during the night.”
Klaybear looked toward the door, an action that caused Myron to grin, but he covered it with one hand.
Thal noticed Klaybear’s action and looked at him.  “Did you hear something?”
“No,” Klaybear replied.
“Then why did you look at the door?” Thal asked, eyebrows rising.
“My wife has perfect timing,” Klaybear replied, “she always shows up just when you need her, so when my master mentioned her, I expected her to walk through that door,” he finished, pointing to the door.
The door opened, but Klare did not enter.  Master Healer Avril slipped in and softly closed the door.  He looked at Myron.  “I’m surprised you don’t have this room warded,” he said quietly.
Myron tapped his staff on the floor, whispered, and a grey shimmering globe expanded to cover the room.  “We were healing, and I forgot to re-establish the ward.”
Avril winked at Klaybear.  “That’s it then,” the Master Healer noted, a grin twitching on his lips, “first sign he’s slipping into dotage.”
Myron smiled.  “I’ve had a few shocks this morning,” he said, “we all have.  First Klaybear, then Delgart contracting the malady, these two showing up with the Waters of Life, and the Waters failing to completely heal them,” he pointed at each in turn and finished by pointing at the beds.
Avril moved to the beds, his hands now glowing with bright green light.  As Klare had done earlier, Avril’s hands lifted the darkness for a moment from each body, but then the darkness slipped back.  Avril’s brow wrinkled, then he moved to Klaybear, hands still glowing.  A similar darkness peeked out of the younger kailu’s hand and forehead, then slipped back.  He turned to the kortexi, hands going over his body and stopping over his chest.  The same darkness rose from his chest for a moment before slipping back.  Without comment, he moved to Thal, hands moving over him and hovering above his head, darkness slipping out and back.  He turned to Myron.
“They’ve all been afflicted,” he said, “although in different ways.”
Myron nodded in agreement.
“The kortexi has the mark,” Avril continued, “written on his chest, and a different mark above his loins.”  He turned to Thal.  “With him it is much more subtle,” he went on, “it is part of the patterns of his mind, hidden within the matrix and nearly impossible to detect.  With the two in the beds, their faces together have been twisted into half the shape of the mark.  Who else is supposed to be part of this group?”
“Klaybear’s twin brother, Rokwolf,” Myron said, “and Meekor and Varla’s son, who Klaybear found wounded outside of town last night.”
“That must be where Klare went,” Avril said, “I mentioned my suspicions and she must have gone home to check him or bring him here.  If only there were more time,” the Master Healer finished to himself.
A thought occurred to Myron, and he turned to Klaybear.  “How was the awemi wounded?”
“Cuts and bruises,” Klaybear replied, “from being dragged, he said, behind a horse.”
“Why do you say, ‘he said?’” Myron asked, an eyebrow rising slowly.
Klaybear shrugged.  “Something about the way he said it made me think his account not quite accurate.”
Avril nodded.  “Probably something like the maghi, there,” he said, pointing to Thal.
“Wait a minute,” Thal said, “I haven’t been wounded like them.”
“No,” Avril said, “more like ‘altered,’ very subtly.”
Thal’s face went red, a shade that clashed with the red of his hair.  “Are you suggesting . . . ?” he began, but Avril cut him off.
“No,” Avril said.
Myron removed a pouch from inside his robe and took a curiously shaped, small metal device from the pouch.  Cupping it in both hands, which he then raised to his lips, then whispered something into his hands.  Opening his hands, the small object floated in the air; he raised his staff and said, “remelek.”  The object shot forward, disappearing with a flash and pop before hitting a wall.
“My master has one of those!” Thal said, excitedly.  “What is it?  He would never tell me.”
“It is a special teka that your father and I created, as a way of communicating over great distances,” Myron replied.
“How long will it take?” Thal asked.
“It is already there,” the Headmaster replied.
“How did you create it?” Thal asked.
“If there were more time, I would tell you,” Myron replied.  “We did carefully record the manner of its creation, so you can read about the method the next time you return home.”
“What message did you send?” Thal asked.
“A summons,” Myron replied, “he knows more about minds than anyone alive; we need his knowledge and abilities to unravel the mystery of why your mind, and possibly the awemi, Telvor, has been tampered with, and what it might mean.”
“I’ll go and open the door,” Avril said, moving toward the door, “and I’ll check on Klare.”
Myron nodded and fell silent.  Klaybear moved to sit down and motioned that the others should follow.  The younger kailu turned to Thal after they had pulled up chairs.
“Do you two have any idea what we are supposed to do?” Klaybear asked.  Myron listened to them with half an ear, all the while wondering if Kalamar or Nelle had discovered the tampering with Thalamar’s mind, and if so, why had they done nothing about it?
“I was told on the Mountain,” Blakstar replied, “that we had to find three keys, of which my sword is the first.”
“Keys?” Klaybear asked.  “Keys to what?”
The kortexi shrugged.  “I was also told that I would fulfill the kortexi’s dream.”
“What is that?” Klaybear asked.
Blakstar shrugged again.  “Since we are all about prowess in arms,” he said, “I would guess the defeat of some powerful champion of Gar in single combat.”
“Well, I have been able to deduce a few things,” Thal said.  “Since Blakstar’s sword is the legendary sword of Sir Karble, and he was told there are three keys, the sword being one of them, the other two must be the rod of Melbarth, first white maghi, which sits in a case in Melbarth, and the staff of Shigmar, the first kailu.  Also, since we--Blakstar and I--were sent here, to Shigmar, the obvious conclusion is that we must first acquire Shigmar’s staff.”
“Where do we find it?” Klaybear asked.
“I assumed you would know that,” Thal replied, “as a student of the order he founded.”
Klaybear turned to Myron.  “Master, do you know anything about Shigmar’s staff?”
Myron held up his staff.  “Here,” the Headmaster replied, “passed down from generation to generation, carried by the headmaster of his school.”
Thal jumped in, eagerly.  “Does it have a name?” he asked.
One of Myron’s eyebrows went up.  “What do you mean by a name?”
“A name written in the ancient language,” Thal replied.  He turned to Blakstar.  “Can I see your sword again?”
Blakstar shrugged.  “Sure, what for?”
“I want to show the Headmaster its name,” Thal said, “then he’ll see what I mean.”
The kortexi pulled the sword from its sheath, reversed it and handed it to Thal.
Thal took it, cradled it in one arm, and pointed to the words on the guard.  “Here, you can see the words, in the ancient language, ‘eli-kerdu-ghebi,’ which, when translated is will-giver of the One.”
“There is nothing like that on this staff,” Myron replied, “but this is not the only staff of Shigmar: this one is the staff of office, created specifically to run this school.  His personal staff he took with him when he retired and returned to his estate.”
“Where was that?” Thal asked.
“Kalbant,” Klaybear put in, “my wife Klare is from there, and her family still lives there.”
Myron nodded.  “During the last decade of his service to the school, he spent much of his time on his estate, but what he was doing he did not record, some project, he told the curious, that would reveal itself, in time.”  Myron stopped for a moment, his brow wrinkling.  “Let me see that name again.”
Thal pointed to the words imprinted into the sword’s cross guard.  The older kailu tapped the center word for a moment and then smiled.
“Do you know much about the seklesem, particularly, their history?” he asked.
“I know they came later,” Thal said, “after the original three.”
Myron nodded.  “The first of Gar’s minions emerged from the underworld and Shigmar, Karble, and Melbarth were far separated, each establishing and directing their respective orders, unable to respond quickly to calls for help from the others.  Gar’s servants were slowly destroying each of them.  Each order was too specialized, and Gar exploited their weaknesses.  The three decided they needed a fourth order, one that was a mixture of the three and so, better able to fight the attacking forces.”
“What does this have to do with the name of my sword?” Blakstar asked, looking quite puzzled.
“Do you know the seklesi motto?” Myron asked.
Thal returned the sword to the kortexi, who slid it back into its sheath with a steely hiss.  “Everyone knows that,” Thal said, “it is written on all their flags: kerd . . . of course!” he snapped, interrupting himself.  “Kerdu gwehru menu are oino” he continued, “‘will, breath, and thought, fit together as one,’ a mixture of the three original orders of good: will-giver,” he pointed to Blakstar, “breath-giver,” pointing to Klaybear, “and thought-giver,” pointing to himself.  “So Melbarth’s rod must be named eli-menu-ghebi, thought-giver of the One, and Shigmar’s staff must be eli-gwehru-ghebi, breath-giver of the One.”
“Breath-giver?” Blakstar asked, “what does that mean?”
“Well, like the sword, ‘will-giver’ is a metaphor for courage,” Thal replied, “‘breath-giver’ is a metaphor for life, and ‘thought-giver’ a metaphor for mind.”  Thal sank back into his chair, suddenly speechless.
As Thal was sinking, Klaybear stood up.  “Master,” his voice hissed, “remember my vision--is it possible that Shigmar’s staff can bring people back from the dead?  We are taught that it is impossible . . . ,” his voice trailed off.
“Mind-control,” Thal mumbled, “Melbarth’s rod can control minds, so it must be the only thing that could have written the mark upon my brain patterns--a mark of evil would only be inscribed by someone evil, so the rod must be in the hands of the enemy, except I, myself, have seen it in the central hall of the school . . . ,” he stopped, suddenly recognizing that he had spoken aloud.
Myron started to speak but stopped when the door opened.  Avril came in, quickly closing the door behind him.  He stood by the door, holding something in his hand; his face was ashen.
“What has happened?” Myron asked, suddenly afraid.
Avril shook himself, then took a deep breath and let it escape slowly.  Some of the color returned to his face.  “I went first to your study and then climbed up to the roof.”  He moved slowly to stand beside Myron.  “I found these, lying on the stone.  They were hot when I first touched them.”  Avril opened his hand and dropped two iron symbols into Myron’s open hand.
Myron glanced at the symbols, feeling a stab of pain, and sighed.  “So it has happened then,” he whispered to Avril, “just as we had foreseen.”
“Shortly after I found them,” Avril said, “your sending returned.  I left the roof then, to find out if Klare left the school and went home, as I thought.  I left my younger apprentice in charge before I came here.  I checked with her, and she did not see Klare leave.”
“So she must still be in the school,” Myron noted.
Avril nodded.  “No one has seen her since she spoke to me.”
“Klare’s missing?” Klaybear asked, standing up and looking worried.
“It is a big place,” Myron said, trying to reassure him, “she could have found out who was on duty here last night and gone to question that person.”
Klaybear sat down slowly.  Myron started to rise, but Avril stopped him.
“There’s more,” Avril said, lowering his voice.  “Ghelvon has the votes.”
Myron’s face drained of all color.  “How can that be?” he whispered.  “We have not met. . . .”
“He went to the glade, at the insistence of his apprentice, and found the altar toppled,” Avril went on, “and the mark burned into its top.”
“We have to tell Thal what has happened,” Myron said, changing the subject and suddenly feeling the burden of his office and the weight of his years threatening to crush him.  He held up his hand to stop Avril, leaning heavily on his staff with the other.  “One crisis at a time; you go look for Klare.  I’ll tell Thal.”
Avril paused a moment before nodding his agreement.  He turned to the younger wethem, who had not noticed or heard the last exchange between Myron and Avril.  He laid his green-glowing hands on the white maghi’s head, letting feelings of hope and comfort flow from his hands into the young maghi.  After a moment, he took his hands away.
Thal looked up, wonder and surprise in his eyes.  “Why did you do that?”
Avril did not answer.  He let one hand fall to Thal’s shoulder, squeezed it, then turned and left the room without another word.  Myron took Avril’s place, placing one hand on the same shoulder.
“I’m sorry to be the one to tell, Thal, for they were dear friends of mine,” he said, holding out the two iron symbols of Melbarth for Thal, “your parents are dead.”
Thal accepted the symbols and stared at them.  “No . . . , how do you . . . , that’s impossible!”
“Years ago,” Myron began, “when I was young and before I knew your mother and father, I had just finished my studies and become a kailu.  I had a vision in which I saw, among other things, a pair of white-haired maghem, standing on top of a tower, embracing, then they were surrounded by red fire, and consumed.  Your father and mother both saw a similar vision, and your father knew that it would happen soon after a kortexi came to the tower bearing the devices of Sir Karble.  That is why you two were rushed off without an explanation: to keep the two of you from being captured and destroyed by Gar.  Your parents sacrificed their lives so that you could live to become the instruments of Gar’s defeat.”
Thal sank to the floor, still staring at the two symbols.  “No,” he chanted to himself in a low voice, “it cannot be true; it cannot be. . . .”  He sat huddled on the floor, still staring at the symbols, eyes wet, continuing to chant, “it cannot be. . . .”
Myron turned to Klaybear and Blakstar.  “Stay here with him; there is something. . . ,” he started to say, but the door opened again.  A large kailu with black hair, gray at the temples, entered followed by his apprentice and several other council members.  The large kailu’s apprentice was tucking an orange-silk handkerchief into a pocket; one corner of his mouth twitched as if he was about to smile.
“It is my sad duty,” the large kailu said, “to arrest your apprentice, Headmaster.  He has sold himself to Gar and desecrated our sacred glade.  His trial will begin as soon as the mekala can gather.  Surrender your staff, Klaybear.”
Ghelvon stepped forward, flanked by two council members, hand outstretched.  Blakstar looked to Myron and moved his hand closer to the hilt of his sword; the Headmaster shook his head slightly, and the kortexi let his hand fall.  Klaybear was too stunned to protest and allowed the staff to be taken from his limp fingers.  Ghelvon’s apprentice motioned someone forward, then helped him to lock manacles and chains around Klaybear’s wrists and ankles.  They led him from the room.  Thal sat huddled on the floor, oblivious to what had happened, eyes wet, and still chanting, “it cannot be; it cannot be. . . .”

Chapter 12

We are aware of eight elemental forces: earth, air, water, fire, ice, time, Void, and light.  When used together, these forces produce power that enables the maghi to work ortheks.  We suspect, however, that there exist older and more powerful teka then these simple toys we use. . . .

from the Annals of Melbarth, Second Series, Early Lectures of the Hierarchs,
Lecture by Sedra Melbarth

Myron stood next to Avril, both kailum looking at the altar in the sacred glade of the kailum.
“Are you certain?” Myron asked.
“Yes,” Avril replied.  “Ghelvon’s apprentice was quite clear that they had come here early this morning and found the altar destroyed.”
Myron stroked the altar’s flat stone surface.  “Even the mark has nearly faded,” he said softly.  “By tomorrow morning, it will have faded completely.”
“Why would Ghelvon repair the altar,” Avril asked, “when he plans to use it as evidence against your apprentice?”
Myron shook his head.  “He did not repair it.”
“Who did?” Avril asked.
Myron shrugged.  “There is no precedent.”
“Nothing in the histories?”
“Nothing.”  Myron tapped the surface of the altar with his fingers.  “Perhaps it is the power of the glade itself that repairs the altar.”
Avril held both hands over the altar, moving them slowly over the altar’s surface.  “There is a hint of . . . something,” Avril said, “but it is deep, barely detectable, and . . . old, so old that my own life would pass a thousand times if it but blinks.”  He lowered his hands slowly to his sides.  “Will it make any difference for Klaybear?”
Myron frowned, turning from the altar to look around the glade.  He felt nothing out of place; no hint that anything wrong had ever occurred, or, for that matter, would ever occur.  “I’m puzzled by all that has happened over the past few days, Avril,” he said, putting one hand firmly on the other’s shoulder.  “Part of me shouts that it is wrong, that none of this should have happened, and yet, deep within me, I feel that it is right.”
“You haven’t answered my question,” Avril noted.
“No,” Myron admitted, “I have not.”
“Why not?” the Master Healer pressed.
“The question, for some reason I cannot fathom, seems irrelevant,” the Headmaster replied.
“Irrelevant?” Avril laughed.  “How can it be irrelevant?  Our reason for being here was to find any mitigating circumstances or evidence that might sway the council to acquit Klaybear.”
“You are right, my friend,” Myron answered.  “But ever since my apprentice, two days ago, announced he was going to the glade, I’ve felt rushed forward by a will not my own.”
“That could only be the influence of Gar,” Avril noted, “for he it is, who, since the beginning, has tried to force people to follow his way and will.”
Myron shook his head.  “No,” he said, “I’ve mis-spoken, or you’ve misunderstood, or maybe both at once.”  The Headmaster stopped and thought for a moment.  “Do you recall how, as children, we would slide down snowy hills on smooth, flat boards?”
Avril smiled.  “How could I forget?” he asked, rubbing his forearm.  “My arm still hurts from when you broke it, sliding where we were told not to.”
“As I recall,” Myron replied, “it was your idea to try that particular hill, but that is precisely my point: once we had decided to disobey, once we had climbed the hill, lined up the board, and finally, jumped on, we had very little control over where we went.”
“My memory has always been better than yours,” Avril protested, “it was your idea, but I think I see your point.  It is like the master-apprentice relationship: once the master has taught the apprentice all he knows, and has given her opportunities to practice under the master’s supervision, there comes the point when the apprentice must, as it were, strike out on her own.  The master must then step back and allow the apprentice room to succeed and fail.”
Myron nodded.  “The board is set, and we have jumped on,” he went on, “now we are left to the mercies of the hill.  It was your idea,” he added, “that is why you got the broken arm.”
“No, you’re wrong,” Avril protested again, “that is the injustice of the world: I got the broken arm when it was your idea. . . .”

Just after midday, a white-robed novice entered the room with a large tray of food.  The novice left after bowing to them, quietly closing the door.  Blakstar smelled the roast beef, felt the internal rumble of hunger, then carried his chair to the table.  Thal still sat on the floor, hearing and seeing nothing.  The kortexi removed the cover from the tray and inhaled deeply, smelling the well-seasoned beef and the freshly baked loaf.
“Thal,” he said, “lunch is here.”  He sliced off a chunk of bread and scooped some beef dripping with gravy onto his piece of bread.  After chewing and swallowing, he tried again.  “It’s quite good,” he said to Thal, “you should try some, but you better hurry, since I’m feeling quite hungry and might eat it all.”  Blakstar smiled at the maghi, but there was no response from Thal.  The kortexi ate the rest of his slice of bread, adding more beef and gravy.  He cut a second chunk from the loaf and ate it with another slice of roast and gravy.
After a third chunk, he turned to Thal again.  “You sure you don’t want any lunch?” he asked.
“He won’t hear you,” said a new voice, “not for a while yet, depending on how deeply he feels the grief.”
Blakstar looked to the bed where Delgart lay.  “How do you know?”
“I’ve seen it happen many times,” Delgart said, “every time the pirates raided another village and returned with new captives.”
“You’ve been with pirates?” the kortexi asked, surprised.
“I was once a new captive,” Delgart said, “when my village was raided and I was captured, so I also went through the silence, when I knew I would not be rescued and that my father had died.  One of the older slaves took pity on my, gave me the will to go on, even fed me when I could not, for grief, feed myself.  You might try giving him a little to eat, just small, bite-sized pieces, and see if that helps,” Delgart suggested.
The kortexi nodded and cut a small piece of bread, added a small amount of roast, and took it to Thal.  He held it up to the young mage’s lips until Thal opened his mouth and took it, chewing automatically.
“Where am I?” Delgart asked.
“In the infirmary of the school of the kailum,” Blakstar replied, getting another small bite for Thal.
“Shigmar?  I remember being rescued from ghelem by a young, red-haired maghi, who said he would take me to his master’s tower.”
“He is here,” Blakstar said as he stooped to give Thal another bite.
Delgart sat up and saw Thal sitting on the floor.  “Yes, he was the one.”  He sank back onto his pillow with a sigh.  “Who are you?”
“I am Blakstar, a kortexi of Karble.”  He moved back to the table for another bite.
“What are you and the maghi, Thal, I think you called him, doing here?” Delgart asked.
“Yesterday,” Blakstar said, preparing another bite for Thal, “I ascended the Mountain of Vision, where the servant of the One gave me the armor and weapons of Sir Karble, told me the sword was the first of three keys, and said I and my companions to be should find the other two and use them to end Gar’s rule.  He sent me to Kalamar’s tower, where I met Thal, then his father sent us here to meet others of our companions, and begin to search for the other keys.”
“So it was you,” a voice spoke from the other bed, “who we were supposed to be protecting.”
Blakstar looked up from Thal, at Marilee, who was sitting up in bed.  “What do you mean, protecting?” Blakstar asked.
Marilee fell back onto her pillow.  “I knew it must’ve been some kind of ruse that we followed!” she exclaimed.  “I tried to convince the others, but none would listen, especially not Rokwolf.”
“Rokwolf?” Delgart said.  “I had a younger brother named Rokwolf.”
“Yes,” Blakstar said, “Klaybear mentioned him.”
“Klaybear?” Delgart said, “my younger, twin brothers were named Rokwolf and Klaybear; how do you know them?” he asked the kortexi.
Marilee went on, not noticing the others.  “It didn’t feel right to me,” she said, then looked at the kortexi.  “Did you make it to the Mountain without harm?” she asked.
The kortexi had just returned to the table; he sat down heavily in his chair, eyes upon Marilee.  “I . . . uh, I don’t know,” he said softly after a pause, “there is a gap in my memory. . . .”
“I knew it!” she snapped, jumping to a conclusion for which there was little evidence.  “Xythrax led us on a merry goose chase away from the Mountain so he could catch you without escort, and we were warned that something big was happening.”
Delgart had turned to Marilee and seen the damaged state of the right side of her face.  His hands lifted to his own face.  “What has happened to us?” he asked.
“Us?” Marilee said, then turn to look at the person in the bed beside her, who said he was Rokwolf’s older brother, missing for many years.  Her hands went to her own face.  “What has happened?” she cried out in shock.
Blakstar shook off the pain inside, whose source he could not identify, and looked at the two of them side by side, and suddenly understood; he vividly recalled the moment with the figure in white and the girl pointing at him and accusing him of selling out to Gar, and he had first noticed the symbols burned into and marking his flesh.  He lifted up his chain shirt and touched the neck of his special suit beneath his throat, ran his finger down the center of his chest, as he had been shown, and an opening appeared.  Pulling the halves open, he looked down at the thin red lines inscribed on his chest, and saw the same mark inscribed on the damaged faces in front of him: half on the right side of Marilee’s face, half on the left side of Delgart’s face, such that if they put their damaged cheeks together, the mark of evil would be plainly visible.
Marilee’s hand, that had been touching the right side of her face, went to her mouth.  “What happened?” she asked.
“Half of this mark is inscribed on each of your faces,” Blakstar said, “so that if you stood side by side, as you are now sitting, it would be completed in your two faces.”
“How?” Delgart asked.
Blakstar ran his finger up his chest, closing the fabric, then dropped his chain shirt back over his chest.  “When Thal and I arrived here,” he began, “we were brought to this room where we found Headmaster Myron with his apprentice, Klaybear.”
“Klaybear is here?” Delgart said.  “When can I see him?”
“That may be difficult,” the kortexi continued, “as he was arrested this morning.”
“Arrested?” Delgart said.  “Why?”
“Because he has this same mark,” Blakstar went on, “branded on his forehead and his right palm.  The other kailu master claimed he had desecrated their sacred glade and marked its altar with the same sign.”
Delgart and Marilee sat silent for a time, staring at the kortexi.  Blakstar went on.
“As I started to say before, when we were brought to this room, where Headmaster Myron and Klaybear were waiting, you two were dying from some disease that none of the kailum could cure.  When the Headmaster saw the devices I bear, the devices of Sir Karble, and I used the Waters of Life on his apprentice, he asked me to heal the two of you with the Waters.  I gave you both some of the Waters, which should have healed you both completely, but something happened: the darkness could not be entirely driven out before it left your faces as they now are, damaged and inscribed with the mark you saw on my chest.”  Blakstar looked down at Thal, hoping he would jump in but seeing that he was still withdrawn into himself.  He looked up at the others, then pointed to Thal.  “He also has the mark, but it is somehow written within the patterns of his mind.  If not for the grief of losing his parents, he could probably make some sense of all this, for he has great powers of mind.”
“He’s lost his parents?  How?” Delgart asked.
“I’m not sure how the Headmaster knows,” Blakstar said, “the teka explanation is beyond me.  Shortly after Hierarch Kalamar sent us to Shigmar this morning, the tower was attacked by purem, including a trio of ponkolum, who killed both his parents.”
“How did he get the mark?” Marilee asked.
“They do not know,” Blakstar said.  “Headmaster Myron wanted to ask Hierarch Kalamar about it, which is how he discovered they had been killed.”
“How did my brother, Klaybear, get marked?” Delgart asked.
“I only know that he went to the sacred glade of the kailum yesterday,” Blakstar said, “where the Headmaster said that Gar branded him, destroyed and marked the altar, and did something to Klaybear that caused his inner vision to become . . . jumbled,” he finished, after pausing to search for the right word.  “When Thal and I entered the room earlier, he was knocked from his feet and hurled into his vision, replaying, so we were told, the parts that included us.  The same thing happened when he saw the awemi he rescued last night, when he saw his wife, and when he saw the two of you.”
“Wife?” Delgart said, sounding shocked.  “My brother is married?”
“So we were told, although she left here before we came in, on an errand of the headmaster,” Blakstar said, “but did not return when she should have.  There was some concern over where she had gone.  They thought she might have gone to check on the awemi, who was at their home, to see if he was marked similarly to Thal.”
Blakstar stopped speaking, and since no one else spoke, took another bite of lunch and gave it to Thal.
“Sir Blakstar,” Marilee asked hesitantly, “how were you marked?”
The kortexi’s face went white.  “I don’t know,” he said finally, “the keeper on the Mountain called my loss of memory a gift of the One; I fear something terrible has been done to me, but beyond the marks, I do not know,” he finished, turned, and went back to the table, fumbling with the bread, trying to get another bite for Thal.
“No,” Marilee sobbed.  “I knew we should have stayed in our assigned area, and not chased Xythrax’s phantoms!” she exclaimed in anger.
Blakstar shook his head; something about the name Xythrax stirred his memory and filled him with foreboding: he glimpsed a black-robed figure with bony hands gripping an ornately carved rod.  He looked back at Delgart and Marilee, trying to avoid the feeling in his mind and heart of empty guilt.  “I . . . can’t . . . remember,” he stuttered, trying to see past the shadows that cloaked his memory.
“Don’t try,” Delgart said, simply.  “We know that you were marked, as we have been, and that is sufficient; you need not tell us any more.”
Blakstar nodded once, then took another bite to Thal.  The maghi took it, chewing automatically.
“Can you tell us anything else about what has happened,” Delgart began, “anything that might help my brother?”
Blakstar went back to the table and sat down, then looked at the others and shrugged.  “We need him,” he said, pointing at Thal, “he is the one who could put things together; he could help Klaybear.”
“Couldn’t we try to force him to wake?”  Marilee asked.
Delgart shook his head.  “That happened to some of the captives I saw; the pirates became impatient, shaking and slapping them, but it more often harmed than helped, usually sending them deeper into themselves, so that they wasted away and died.  It is better to let them come out of it on their own, rather than try and shock them awake.”
They lapsed into silence, Blakstar withdrawing into his own thoughts.  After a time, something roused Blakstar from his brooding--the sound of soft weeping.  He looked up, first looking at Delgart, then both turned to look at Marilee, who held her face in both hands.
“What is wrong?” Delgart asked.
Marilee looked up, her eyes red and wet, but her face wide with surprise.  “What’s wrong?  I’m hideous!  That’s what’s wrong!  I know I wasn’t the prettiest girl before, but I wasn’t unattractive.  Now . . . ,” she started to say but instead, hid her face in her hands and sobbed.
Blakstar was at a loss for words, unable to speak; Delgart spoke.  “I do not think you are hideous,” he said truthfully, “one side of your face is damaged, but the other is as pretty as any I have seen.  You are still beautiful.”
Marilee sniffed and looked up at Delgart.  “I thank you for the compliment, but I think you must be half-blind.”
The kortexi tried to recall again what had happened to him, and the words of the blonde girl–his future wife–echoed through his mind.  “Let me see him!”  He realized that what had been done to each of them went beyond the mark of evil they all now wore.  “Each of us has not only been marked, but damaged in some way,” he said quietly.  “Klaybear is hurled into his vision if he thinks of it too closely, becoming completely unaware of what is going on around him--in battle, that could be tragic.  Me . . . ,” he faltered, then shook his head.  “I have been marked . . . somehow, on the chest and loins,” he went on, pointing to himself with one hand, “for what reason we have been marked . . . I don’t know,” Blakstar finished and fell silent.
“What do you remember?” Delgart asked.  “Anything, any detail, might help us figure out what happened, and how you were marked.”
Blakstar thought a moment.  “I remember leaving the main road south to follow the trail leading to the Mountain,” he answered, his eyes closed in concentration.  “I rode along the trail throughout the morning, stopping once and beginning to feel as if there was someone watching me.  I stopped for lunch . . . , and then everything is blank until I woke up in a burned-out clearing on the north side of the Mountain, although I dreamed, at least I think it was a dream, but is it a real dream when one is awake?” he asked, then shook his head.  “In this dream there was a figure in white who told me not to be afraid, and then a pretty girl with golden hair and blue eyes appeared in the dream, and the figure told me she would someday be my wife, but when I tried to approach her, she was afraid of me, afraid I would kill her.  Then we were both felt lines of fire burning on our chests, and she accused me of selling out to Gar and taking her along, but then another symbol, a rune, was burned into us both–low on the front of my belly, and in the same place on her, and again on her . . . ,” he hesitated and felt his neck and ears begin to burn, “lower back.  The figure then showed us a clearing next to the Mountain of Vision, told us we should meet there in our dreams, then we were both drawn away; I woke up in the same clearing, burned and blackened, surrounded by twisted trees.  I felt . . . pain and soreness–there was a lump on my head,” he noted, touching the back of his head, “and my clothes had been torn open. . . .”
“Torn open?” Delgart interrupted.  “Sliced or ripped?”
Blakstar opened his eyes and looked at Delgart.  “I don’t really know,” he admitted, “I never considered it important, but the edges were smooth, so I’d guess cut.”  He saw a slight tightening around Delgart’s eyes, but he said nothing, so Blakstar closed his eyes and concentrated again on what he remembered.  “There was a . . . face,” he hesitated, “a huge, kindly face with deep blue eyes, looking at me out of the side of the Mountain; he spoke to me, told me he waited for me and to climb the Mountain.  I asked about my lost memories, told him I felt filthy, and he told me not to be concerned, that I would be cleansed of his son’s violation–I do not understand the words he spoke, but I think it must have been . . . ,” he hesitated again, fearing to say what he was thinking–that the face was the face of the One, “. . . I don’t know,” he finished, opening his eyes to look at the others and saw them exchanging a look with each other.
“Anything else?” Delgart asked, his eyes still fixed on Marilee.
Blakstar closed his eyes and concentrated again.  “It rained after that,” he said, “a sudden, warm downpour that lasted only minutes, but I felt as if all pain and anguish had been washed away, and I no longer felt filthy.  I sewed my clothes together using some broken strips of leather lying on the ground beside me, then went and led my horse to the Mountain,” he finished, opening his eyes to look at them; he saw something pass between them, then Marilee’s eyes widened.
“That’s awful!” Marilee exclaimed, still looking at Delgart.
Delgart looked back at her, then got out of his bed on the side closest to her, holding out his left hand.  She understood, and reached out with her right hand.  Suddenly, the maimed sides of their faces drew together, a scream exploding from both mouths.  When the two halves of the sign met and joined, the whole mark flashed an angry red, pulsing in time with their voices, as their screams grew and shrank.  Blakstar leaped forward, jerking Delgart away from Marilee, both wethem crashing back onto Delgart’s bed.
“What were you doing?” Blakstar snapped, eyes wide.
Delgart panted.  “I guess that answers the question,” he said.
“I think so,” Marilee said weakly.
“Will you two explain?” the kortexi asked, perplexed by their behavior.
“What you said made us wonder if a similar result would occur if we brought our half-marks together,” Delgart said.  He looked at Marilee.  “Perhaps we should switch places?”
“It seems all right,” she replied, “as long as we are not too close.  Just don’t walk on my right side.”
Blakstar stood and walked back to his chair.  “Yes,” he agreed, “you two should stay a safe distance from one another.”  He thought for a moment.  “I think Klaybear said something along those lines when he was telling us what happened in the glade; he brought the mark on his palm into contact with the reflection of the mark on his forehead, when he tried to cool his hand in the stream.”
Blakstar fell silent, withdrawing again into his own thoughts.  After a few moments passed, Marilee sobbed again, causing Blakstar to look at her, then look at Delgart.  Blakstar looked a question at Delgart, who shook his head and said nothing.  Marilee continued to sob softly, face held in her hands.  The kortexi turned to Thal, hoping for some response, but saw immediately there would be none.  He looked back to the tray, but could not bring himself to eat anything else, or give any more to Thal.  Moments dragged by in silence but for Marilee’s soft sobbing.  When she stopped suddenly, he looked at her and saw her eyes wet and swollen but her cheeks flushed.
Marilee clutched the blanket covering her.  “Why?” she exclaimed.  “Why would this happen to us, to me?  I haven’t done any more against Gar than anyone else has; why would I be singled out?”
Blakstar shrugged and looked at Thal.  “Perhaps he could tell us,” he said.
“Maybe there is no ‘why’,” Delgart said, “maybe we were all in the wrong place at the wrong time.”
Marilee shook her head, making her hair fly about.  “Maybe that would account for one, or two, but not four of us here in this room today, two others here at this school, maybe others we don’t know about; that’s too many coincidences to believe it accidental.  Why us, why here, why now?”
The door opened slowly, and the Headmaster, Myron slipped into the room, closing the door quickly behind him.  He tapped the floor with his staff, then looked straight at Marilee.  “Because, Marilee, you are the Chosen of the One, those destined to end the rule of Gar.”
“That’s not possible,” Marilee said, a look of horror on her face.
Her declaration caused Thal to stand on his feet.  He looked around the room, but did not respond to their looks of concern.  He started speaking, to himself at first, but the words soon became audible to the others: “not possible, not possible; it’s not possible; it’s not possible,” and as the phrase grew longer his voice grew louder, until he was shouting, “IT’S NOT POSSIBLE!”  He turned and ran from the room, slamming the door behind him.
Myron tried to stop him but failed.  He sighed and looked back at the others.  “Sir Blakstar,” he began.
“Just ‘Blakstar’ is enough from you, Headmaster,” the kortexi said.
“It is who you are now,” Myron continued, “so you’ll have to get used to it.  Have you given Thal some of the Waters?”
Blakstar’s eyes widened, then his face reddened.  “No,” he admitted, silently berating himself for not thinking of it.
“We must follow Thal and see where he goes; I have a hunch,” Myron went on, “but we must give him some of the Waters.  I think they may be the only thing that will help.  You two stay here until we return.”
“What about my brother, Klaybear?” Delgart asked.
“The Council will not meet until the mekala can gather, and it will be several days before that will happen, so there is little you can do,” Myron replied.  “Considering how you all have been marked, I think you would do more harm than good if you try to do anything, so stay here for now, out of sight.”
“And Klaybear’s wife, my sister-in-law?” Delgart asked, having trouble with the words.
Myron shook his head.  “One of the apprentices said she thinks she saw her leave the school, but we did not find her at her home or traveling in between.”  Myron raised a hand to stop Delgart.  “You would do more harm than good, leaving this room, since very few of us accept that you are the chosen and not agents of Gar.  I’ll make sure that no one but Avril and I can enter.”
Myron looked around after closing the door, then started moving toward the infirmary’s exit.  Blakstar followed, taking note of the Headmaster’s caution; he gripped the hilt of his sword.
“Headmaster,” he spoke softly, “where do you think Thal went?”
“The telepad,” Myron replied, “he may try to return to his parents’ tower.”  Myron opened a side door, pulling Blakstar quickly through.
“This is not the way we came in,” he said.
“No,” Myron replied.  “This way is little used, and will take us to the courtyard less visibly.”
“If he intends to return to the tower, he’ll be gone before we get there,” Blakstar said.
“I think not,” Myron said, leading the kortexi down a series of narrow, twisting corridors, pausing at each turn and doorway to ensure the corridor ahead was empty.  “Kalamar’s tower was surrounded by a special, protective field.  If anything happened to him and Nelle, that field would become impenetrable for a time, preventing any entry using teka.  Thal knows how to open the barriers, knows that he can only do it if he approaches on foot.  Trying to go directly by teleportation is not possible, but in his current state of mind, he will not remember.”
“But if he tries, won’t he get trapped in rumepant?”
“Teleportation requires that the maghi, to put it simply, contact the pad to which he or she intends to go.  Since that is not possible right now, Thal will be stuck here.”  Myron opened a final door and pointed down to the pad and Thal sitting in the center of it.
Blakstar did not hesitate, but strode forward, removing the special flask from his belt.  He knelt beside Thal, unstoppered the flask, and put it to his lips, tipping some of the precious fluid into his mouth.  Thal drank reflexively, and when he swallowed the Waters of Life, his eyes opened wide and started to rise.  Blakstar put a hand firmly on his shoulder, and whispered to him.  “Peace, my friend.  The Waters of Life are potent,” he said.
Thal looked into the kortexi’s dark brown eyes, his blue eyes filling with tears.  His head fell into his hands; he began to weep.  “They are dead,” he sobbed.
The kortexi saw Myron kneel on his other side, putting a hand on the maghi’s other shoulder.  “They died defending you and Blakstar, and your home.  Their sacrifice makes it possible for us to go on, to keep fighting evil.  They were great in life; they have become greater in death.  I mourn with you for they have been my dear friends for most of my life.”  Myron looked up at Blakstar.  “Help me get him to his feet; let’s get him back to the others where he can mourn his loss in private.”

Chapter 13

There is nothing worse than waiting blind for a battle to begin. . . .

Attributed to Fereghen Wulfrik, ruled 983-1027

Klare frowned as she left the school, unsatisfied by the response of the kailu on duty, who had assured her that there was nothing in the record of anyone entering or leaving the room where her brother-in-law rested last night, or where she had just left her husband and Headmaster Myron; the kailu did say that he would make a thorough check of the records and report to Master Avril anything unusual.  Klare pulled her hood over her face, not caring for the way the gate guard leered at her as she passed through the wall surrounding the kailu school; most of the people moving through this quarter of Shigmar were heading toward the school and were the older students who lived in the same quarter of the city as she did, but she kept her face hidden as she passed into the southwest quarter, troubled by the events of the previous day and the morning and not wanting to be detained by anyone.  Without really looking where she was going, she allowed her feet to carry her to her home, passing quickly inside without a backward glance and closing the door softly behind her.  Inside, Klare went at once to the guest room, and seeing that the awemi still slept peacefully, she moved into the kitchen to prepare him something to eat.  A few minutes later, she opened the door carrying a tray.
“Good morning,” Klare said pleasantly.
Tevvy opened his eyes and stretched, looking around at his surroundings.  “It is good to be whole,” he noted, smiling at her.
“How do you feel?” Klare asked as she set the tray down on the bedside table.
“Quite good,” Tevvy replied, “you must be the mistress?”
Klare smiled sweetly.  “I am Klaybear’s wife, Klarissa, but you can call me Klare,” she replied, her hands glowing green as she moved them over Tevvy from head to toe, examining him.  When she came back to his head, she focused for a moment and found something that resisted her, as she had found in Delgart and Marilee, a patch of darkness that refused to be moved; however, given her experience with the others, she did not attempt to draw it out.
“You are also a kailu of Shigmar, I see,” Tevvy noted while Klare worked.
Klare did not reply until she had finished, but then she nodded.  “Yes, and you appear to be quite healthy and fully healed.”
“Thank you, mistress,” Tevvy replied.  “Where is your husband so I can thank him for rescuing me, although he did frighten me at first,” he went on, conversationally.  “Have your masters managed to heal those strange marks?”
Klare paused to look at the awemi for a moment before she helped him to sit up and then placed the tray in front of him.  “You haven’t told me your name,” she said.
Tevvy looked suddenly surprised.  “My mother would be appalled!” he exclaimed.  “I am Telvor ven Galagrude, but I’m usually called Tevvy,” he went on.  “My father has a school for, uh, scouts in Rykelle; he and my mother used to help Headmaster Myron and Master Avril when they were all younger.  Now that I have graduated from the school, father sent me to Headmaster Myron to aid his apprentices in their work, but I have been unable to get into the school and see the Headmaster: the guards will not let me pass, although I have a letter from my father.”
Klare smiled at him, sitting on the end of the bed.  “Eat something,” she exhorted him.  “Funny how these things always work out,” she noted softly, almost to herself.
“This smells wonderful,” Tevvy noted, taking up a fork and beginning to eat.  He paused when Klare spoke softly to herself.  “What do you mean?” he asked, then took a bite of the eggs.
“You have been unable to see the Headmaster,” Klare replied, “and who should rescue you, but the Headmaster’s senior apprentice.”
Tevvy paused again.  “Master Klaybear is the Headmaster’s apprentice?” he asked, looking slightly surprised.
Klare nodded.  “One of them,” she admitted, “and the most senior of his apprentices.  To answer your other questions, no, they have not been able to heal my husband, and I am troubled by the fact, and what we found,” she frowned, looking troubled.
“Anything I can do to help?” Tevvy asked.  “It is the least I can do for what you both have done for me, and for helping me to see the Headmaster,” he added, grinning impishly, which made him appear to Klare like a naughty child; this look caused Klare to laugh.
“I don’t know how you can help, Tevvy,” Klare replied, “because I don’t really know what a scout is, beyond the scout of a seklesi patrol, but I sense that you mean something different.”
“Well,” Tevvy began, “we are similar to the scouts in a seklesi patrol.  In fact, we spend several months actually working in the field with a seklesi patrol; I was fortunate to have served with your brother-in-law, Rokwolf, and I’m sorry to hear that he is injured; what happened?”
“No, not Rokwolf,” Klare replied.  “He and my husband have an older brother, named Delgart, who was taken in a pirate raid on their village many years ago.  He was found yesterday, injured, and was brought here for healing.”
Tevvy nodded.  “Anyway, a scout of my kind can do more than the regular scout, since I can also sneak into places that are secure, open locks without the key, find and disable traps. . . .”  He would have gone on, but was interrupted by a loud knocking on the front door.  Both of them looked toward the sound.  “Expecting someone?” Tevvy asked, eyebrows rising.
Klare frowned and got up.  “No, no one knows I’m here,” she said as she started to leave, “at least I didn’t think anyone knew.”
“Be careful, Mistress Klare,” Tevvy said, looking worried, “I have a bad feeling about this, and my feelings have never been wrong.”
Klare nodded, gave him a reassuring smile, then left the room.  When she opened the front door, she was surprised to see Ghelvon’s apprentice standing there, wiping his face with a green silk handkerchief.
“Malkonik, why are you here?” she asked, trying to cover her surprise.
He smirked and put away his sodden handkerchief.  “I have a message from your master,” he said, looking past her into the house.
“You?  Why would he send you?” she asked incredulously.
“I was available,” he replied, then fell silent, still smirking.
Klare eyed him, her suspicions aroused.  “I don’t believe you,” she said after a moment.
He shrugged.  “Suit yourself,” he noted, beginning to turn away.  “I’ll go back and tell him.”
“What’s the message?” she snapped, suddenly angry at him and his manner.
He stopped and looked back at her.  “He wants you to come at once,” he said, the smirk becoming a grin.  “My master just discovered a case of that disease you study.”
She looked at him again for a long moment before answering.  “I’ll be there shortly,” she said, “once I finish here.”
“He said I am to bring you now,” he noted, his grin widening to show his teeth.
“Fine,” she said, “wait here.”  She closed the door, leaving Malkonik waiting on the porch, and went back to their guest room.
“A messenger from the school,” she said on entering, “I have to go back, but I will return and check on you as soon as I can, at least in time to fix you some lunch, but if not, feel free to eat whatever you can find.”
“Don’t worry,” Tevvy replied, “I was well-instructed by my mother to take care of myself.”
“Rest now,” Klare smiled and turned to leave, “and I’ll return as soon as I can.”
Tevvy touched her arm, his small face wrinkled as he looked up at her.  “Are you sure about this?” he asked.  “Is the messenger someone you can trust?”
The question, and the concern on Tevvy’s face, caused Klare to pause before she replied.  “I’m pretty sure I can trust one of my fellow students,” she noted, gently patting Tevvy’s hand, “and we are inside Shigmar; besides, I, too, can take care of myself,” she added as she left the room.
Klare closed the door to her home and turned to follow Malkonik back to the school.
“You said my master sent you,” Klare noted.  “but never explained how he came to select you as a messenger, since you are Master Ghelvon’s apprentice.”
“The case is one of the guards,” Malkonik replied, “and so my master sent me to inform Master Avril, who agreed with my master that I should be sent to you; he said you had been studying this particular disease, and that I should come and get you at once, since my master told him that the disease was in its first stages,” he finished, taking out and mopping his brow with his green silk handkerchief.
Klare watched Malkonik while he spoke, taking note of the way his eyes kept glancing at her and then looking away.  Klare stopped suddenly.  “Is this another one of your games?” she asked when he stopped and turned.
Malkonik looked at her blankly, the grin sliding off his face.  “I don’t know what you mean,” he replied, again taking out the green silk handkerchief and wiping the sweat from his brow.
Klare looked at him a moment, noticing his action and look.  “Have you forgotten that I am happily married?”
Malkonik’s eyes widened, and then he laughed.  “Do you think I’m stupid?” he asked.  “Of course I haven’t forgotten, but you are still arrogant enough to think that I, like the others, still desire you: I came as a messenger, nothing more.  If you want to study this case, then come with me; otherwise, I will return and inform your master that you were unwilling to go with me and why!”  He turned and walked on.
Klare watched Ghelvon’s apprentice walk away before following, pondering what he had told her; she moved after him, following him into the southern quarter of Shigmar, but stopped when Malkonik turned north instead of entering the school grounds.
“Where are you going?” Klare called to him.  “The school is that way,” she added, pointing toward the wall and gate.
Malkonik stopped and looked back at Klare.  “I know where the school is,” he replied sarcastically, “but the guard is this way,” he pointed north toward the guards’ west tower.
“Why hasn’t he been taken to the Infirmary, as is the standard procedure?” Klare asked, her hands on her hips.
“The disease was discovered within the hour,” Malkonik replied, “there has not been time to move him.”
Klare frowned.  “I’ll look at him once he has been taken to the school,” she noted, taking a step toward the gate.
“And miss the chance to observe the disease in its first moments?” Malkonik noted.  “Your master will be disappointed,” he went on, “I’ll tell him when I see him and your patient.”  He turned and walked toward the entrance to the west guard tower, not looking back.
Klare hesitated again, watching Malkonik walk away; there was something odd about the whole thing, and she heard again Tevvy tell her to be careful, but then she reminded herself that she was capable of dealing with Malkonik; she hurried after him, catching up to him just as he opened the door and was entering the guard tower.  Malkonik waved to the guard on duty, then led Klare through a door and down the stairway to the third sub-level and down a dimly lit hallway.
“This is an odd place for a sick soldier,” Klare noted as they turned a corner and Malkonik rapped on a rusty metal door with his staff.  The door opened, and Malkonik grabbed and shoved Klare into the dark chamber ahead of him.  All Klare could see in the darkness was two red points of light, close together like eyes, gleaming in front of her.  “This is ridiculous!” Klare snapped, speaking the word and causing a magluku to flare above her head.  The white light revealed the grinning face of Master Ghelvon where the two points of red light had been, and in the instant she recognized the master’s face, she heard his whispered word, which sent her immediately into blackness.

“You took long enough,” Ghelvon growled after Klare slumped to the floor.
Malkonik wiped the sweat from his face with his green silk handkerchief.  “She was suspicious and required convincing,” Malkonik replied.
“Did anyone see you?” Ghelvon asked.
“Only the guard in our employ,” Malkonik answered.
“You have done well, my servant,” Ghelvon noted, “and now you will have the beginning of your reward.  Lock the door, and I will teach you the red kailu way of bending the will of another to your own, then inflaming her desire for you, so that she will do anything you ask, and it will please the Great Lord if she does not remember . . . for the present.”
“Oh, my lord,” Malkonik replied, his face transformed and eager, “you are too kind,” he finished in a whisper.
“Come, we will move her to a place where no one else can find her,” Ghelvon noted, “and then we must see to her husband.”

Delgart followed Sutugno, another kailu apprentice and Klare’s best friend, tall, beautiful, and blonde-haired, who led the other chosen out of a side door of the Infirmary after making sure that no one was outside.  Delgart and Marilee had both wrapped a bandage around their heads and damaged faces–the left side of Delgart’s face and right side of Marilee’s–and both wore hoods that concealed their faces.  Blakstar walked beside her while Delgart and Marilee followed, leading Thal between them.  Sutugno led them first through the dark and empty central market of Shigmar, then into the west quarter, before finally leading them into the southwest quarter where Klaybear and Klare lived.  Both Master Avril and Headmaster Myron had suggested this route to foil any pursuit and get the other chosen out of the school until the trial of Klaybear began a few days hence.  They would stay at Klare and Klaybear’s home, hoping that Klare would turn up there, although nothing had been heard from Klare since she had left the school that morning.  Both masters were quite troubled by this fact and had given several names to Delgart to pass on to the awemi to make inquiries if the scout was recovered sufficiently.  Sutugno tapped on the door before opening it and entering; they found Tevvy in the living room with an assortment of his equipment spread out on the floor.  Tevvy appeared to be examining each piece and looked up when the door opened; his face became guarded when he saw strangers enter the room, but smiled when he recognized Marilee.
“I recognize you,” Tevvy said, “you are Rokwolf’s second, Marilee; my . . . uh, friend,” he went on after a slight pause, “Elanor worked with you last year.”
“Tevvy,” Marilee replied, recognizing him and removing hood and cloak, revealing the bandage she now wore covering the right side of her head and face.  “I did not realize you were the awemi that our host had rescued.”  She introduced the others to Tevvy before Sutugno asked about Klare.
“Has Klare been here?” Sutugno asked Tevvy.
“About mid-morning,” Tevvy replied, “why?”
“Did she say where she was going when she left?” Sutugno asked, looking concerned.
Tevvy shook his head.  “Back to the school,” he replied.
Delgart took off his hood, revealing a similar bandage covering the left side of his face and head; he exchanged looks with the others, except for Thal, who was still standing in the doorway.
“I take it from your looks that she did not return?” Tevvy noted when no one answered his first question.
“It’s a big school,” Delgart said, his brow wrinkled.  “Is it possible that she is inside the school somewhere?” he asked Klare’s friend.
Sutugno shrugged.  “It’s possible,” she replied, “but surely someone would have seen her enter.”
Delgart turned to Tevvy.  “Did she give any hint about what she was going to do?” he asked.
“She’s missing?” Tevvy asked, and when Delgart nodded, Tevvy frowned.  “I told her I had a bad feeling about the sudden knock at the door!”
“Someone came to the door?” Sutugno asked, her face brightening.
“After she brought me breakfast,” Tevvy replied, and went on to retell what had happened earlier with Klare.  “But she never said who came to the door, only that it was a fellow student with a message, but I could tell from the voice that it was a wethi.  As she left, I had an overwhelming urge to follow her and would have if I had felt better,” he added, almost apologetically.
Delgart looked at him a moment before speaking.  “How do you feel now?” he asked.  “Do you feel up to a little scouting?”
“I feel quite whole and well,” Tevvy replied, “thanks to your sister-in-law; what did you have in mind?”
“Sutugno is going back to the school,” Delgart replied, “and she can show you the route Klare might have followed, along with several people the Headmaster and Klare’s master suggested you could contact, people who might have seen her pass.”
“I have been idle all day,” Tevvy noted, gathering the last of his equipment and stashing it in the many pockets of his black leather suit and his small pack.
Sutugno looked around the living room.  “I’m certain the Headmaster will keep you all informed,” she noted before turning toward the door.
“How long will you be?” Delgart asked Tevvy.
“At least an hour,” Tevvy replied, “maybe longer, depending on how far I have to go for information.”
“Be careful,” Delgart noted.
Tevvy smiled, which highlighted the innocent look of his face.  “Careful is my business,” he noted as he followed Sutugno out of the door.
Exactly one hour later, Tevvy walked in, pulling off his hood and cloak; he shook his head to answer the questioning look Delgart shot at him the moment he entered.  “Is there anything to drink in this house?” he asked, tossing his cloak onto a chair by the door and closing the door.
“I think I saw a jug of cider in the kitchen,” Delgart replied.
Tevvy grimaced.  “No, I meant something stronger, like ale,” he said.
Marilee grinned at the awemi.  “Elanor mentioned your fondness for ale,” she said, “might I remind you that we are in Shigmar, in the home of a pair of kailum, so I do not think you will find anything damaging to your health anywhere in this home or city.”
“I was afraid you might say that,” Tevvy grumbled, “so I’ll have to settle for the cider,” he added, making a face.
Marilee and Delgart exchanged a look.  “It is your brother’s home,” Marilee noted.
Delgart shrugged, stood,  and went into the kitchen and returned a few minutes later with mugs of cider.
Blakstar sat at the table next to Thal, trying to get the maghi to eat a few more bites.  “I cannot understand why anyone would drink something that has gone bad,” Blakstar noted, “which will only addle one’s wits.”
Tevvy shrugged.  “I wouldn’t expect a rule-loving kortexi to understand,” he replied.
“That is because we kortexem recognize the value of good health,” Blakstar noted, his neck slightly red, “and clear senses when going into battle.”
“I don’t have to justify myself to you or anyone else,” Tevvy replied, “and I’m not rising to your bait,” he added as Delgart handed him a mug of cider.  Tevvy took the mug.  “Do you want to know what I’ve learned or not?” he asked, irritated by the kortexi’s words.
Marilee invited Tevvy to sit down beside her on the couch.  “Ignore him,” she said as Delgart sat in a chair to her left and passed her a mug.  “Delgart and I are interested in what you discovered,” she added and then went on in a whisper, “as I’m sure Sir Blakstar is,” she said, smiling at Tevvy.
Tevvy took a drink from the mug before he spoke.  “Klare’s friend took me to several people that would have been out in the street along the way between here and the school this morning,” he began, “and most of them had not seen her, but there was one who was sure that she had seen Klare go by, on her way back to the school; it was around the time she left here this morning, but the wetha thought she was alone, which seemed odd to me.  She was certain, however, that she did not return to the school, but turned aside and entered the west guard tower,” he finished, taking another drink of cider.
“Did you manage to get inside the guard tower?” Delgart asked.
“We tried,” Tevvy replied, “but they would not allow us to enter, although Sutugno told the guard that she was on business of the Headmaster and Master Healer.  The guard on duty said that only the Headmaster would be allowed to enter as there was disease inside, so she went back to the school to report to him, and I came back here to report to all of you.”
“Did Klare’s friend have any idea why she might have gone there?” Marilee asked.
Tevvy shook his head.  “None at all,” he replied, “Sutugno was quite puzzled by it.”  He paused for a moment.  “If only there were some way to distract them,” Tevvy mused, “perhaps if you created a disturbance across the street, I could slip inside and investigate.”
“That would be unwise,” Delgart noted, “since we have seen what they have done to my younger brother, with little or no evidence; we would likely end up in cells next to him.”
“You don’t suppose that is what this other master is thinking?” Marilee suggested.
Blakstar turned to her.  “Do you mean the one who arrested Klaybear?” he asked.
“I see what you mean,” Delgart put in, “and that is who she means, Blakstar; he took Klare on some invented pretext in order to get us to try and find her, giving him an excuse to have us all arrested.”
“But we haven’t done anything wrong!” the kortexi protested, “not like this thief,” he added, the word sounding like a curse, “whose activities put him under suspicion of breaking the law.”
Tevvy snorted, ignoring the insult.  “Since when has that ever stopped anyone from arresting and killing people?” he laughed.
“Neither has my brother,” Delgart noted.
“You need to fill me in on what happened to Master Klaybear,” Tevvy said.  “Klare only told me that the masters could not heal him.”
Delgart nodded and looked over his shoulder to Blakstar.  “Correct me if I make a mistake in the tale,” he said, and then told Tevvy what had happened to Klaybear earlier in the day.
Tevvy frowned and shook his head as Delgart finished; Tevvy turned to Thal.  “What’s wrong with the white maghi?” he asked.  “You seem to have left him out of the story.”
Blakstar nodded and told Tevvy what had happened when the Headmaster had tried to send a message to Thal’s parents, and how they discovered that his parents had been killed shortly after he and Blakstar had been sent to Shigmar.  “So he has reason for silence,” the kortexi concluded, “which is too bad, since he might be able to make something out of the few clues that we have.”
“Why do you say that?” Tevvy asked.
“He deduced a lot about what we have to do,” the kortexi explained, “simply from the name inscribed on the hilt of my sword,” and he went on to relate to the others what Thal had told him as they traveled to Shigmar through rumepant, and how they had been sent to Shigmar to meet the other chosen and seek a second key, which they believed was the staff of Shigmar, the first kailu.  “Headmaster Myron told us that Shigmar was working on some secret project before he died, after he retired from leading the school, and the Headmaster believed this project must have been the key we are looking for.”
“Did he know where this other staff might be?” Delgart asked.
Blakstar shook his head.  “No,” he replied, “he only knew that Shigmar was working on his estate, which was in Kalbant, and they said it is where Klare is from.”
“And she is missing,” Tevvy put in, “so we cannot ask her if she knows anything about the first kailu and his original home.”  Tevvy paused for a moment.  “I think we would be wise to keep an eye on the guard tower,” he noted.
“I agree,” Marilee noted, “not that I think we will see Klare, but at least to see who comes and goes.”
“I doubt that we will find out anything useful,” Delgart put in, “but I don’t disagree with you that we should keep an eye on it.”

For three days while they waited for the trial to begin, Delgart sent them, in pairs, to watch the west guard tower.  On the morning of the fourth day, Sutugno came and led them back to the school.
“Where are Tevvy and Marilee?” she asked as they gathered to leave.
“They are watching the guard tower,” Delgart told her, “we can pick them up on the way.”
“Have you seen anything?” Sutugno asked Delgart as he and Blakstar led Thal out of the house.
Delgart shook his head.  “Nothing,” he admitted, closing the door.
When they reached the school, Master Avril met them and led them to the lowest level of the Assembly Hall.  Before entering, Avril took Tevvy aside, whispered something to the awemi and pressed something into his small hand; Tevvy nodded and moved off in the opposite direction, disappearing almost at once into the shadows.  Delgart watched him go, then looked to the master healer for an explanation; Master Avril shook his head once, then led him and other chosen into the Assembly Hall and took the seats that had been set aside for them on the lowest level, while Master Avril took his place at the council table, his eyes going to the chained apprentice led in through a different door.  Delgart recognized at once that this chained kailu was his brother.  He saw his mother’s face in Klaybear’s, and an overwhelming desire to rush out and rescue him welled up inside; he knew all too well how it felt to be chained.  The sudden desire caused him to stand before he could stop himself, so strong was the anger he felt.  Marilee grabbed his right arm and pulled him back down, glaring at him.  He knew she was right–there was nothing he could do at the moment to free his younger brother; this trial would have to play itself out, but he feared the outcome for his brother and himself.

Chapter 14

. . . even those accounted wise will take leave of their wisdom, of all rationality, when confronted with the sign of Gar.

Sheldu, Headmaster of Shigmar, 961-1013

Klaybear stopped in front of the raised platform, where five of the kailu masters sat behind a table.  Master Ghelvon’s grin was cold and caused Klaybear’s stomach to clench; he shifted uncomfortably, making the chains he wore clink.  Above and all around him, seated on the benches filling the Assembly Hall, the mekala waited for the trial to begin, speaking in low voices to one another.  He saw his fellow chosen seated on the lowest level just over his left shoulder; he noticed that Klare was still missing, which caused his clenched stomach to knot and a sharp pain to stab his chest.
“Order,” Ghelvon said above the din of voices; he banged the heel of his staff three times on the floor.  The voices hushed, then fell silent.  He looked left and right, ascertaining that two council members sat on each side of him.  He sat at the center of the council table, looking down on Klaybear, chained and standing in front of him.  The Headmaster stood next to his apprentice; the rows of the hall rising around them were filled with green-robed kailum and white-robed apprentices and novices.  When the hall became silent, Ghelvon went on.  “As this disciplinary trial involves his apprentice, I take the Headmaster’s place at the head of this council: are there any objections?”  He looked to his sides at the other kailum seated with him; only Avril, seated on Ghelvon’s far right made any comment.
“What about your interest?” Avril mumbled to himself.  Klaybear heard him, although he spoke in a low voice meant only for the council; he looked to his right and saw the Headmaster barely shake his head and frown.
Ghelvon went on as if he had not heard Avril.  “To business then,”  he said.  “Do we have a quorum?” he asked, raising his voice so that all assembled could hear him.
“Aye,” four voices answered.
“Then let it be known to those assembled, and written in the record, that this council is lawfully convened to try the Headmaster’s apprentice, one Klaybear, accused of high treason, which is punishable by death.”
Whispers of disbelief filled the hall; Klaybear felt his face drain of all color.  Ghelvon struck the floor with his staff, shouting for silence.
Myron interrupted.  “Since he has gone to the glade and received his vision, he is no longer an apprentice, but a full kailu; therefore, he should be tried by the mekala rather than the council.”
“It is precisely his trip to the glade, and the destruction he caused to the altar,” Ghelvon said, raising his voice above the din, “for which we are convened here today, his advancement, as you name it, has to be first approved by the mekala, so we will proceed as a council.”
“Wouldn’t it be wiser,” Avril noted, “to proceed as if he were a full kailu, that way there could be no doubts raised later on as to his status?”
The question hung in the silence for a moment before Ghelvon replied.  He looked to those seated around him, ignoring Avril; the other three kailum at the table each shook his or her head.
“Let it be noted by those assembled and written in the record that, by a three to one vote, the council has decided to try Klaybear as an apprentice, since his advancement has not been confirmed by the Assembly.”  He paused, looking around the hall; he then looked down at Klaybear.  “Klaybear, apprentice,” he emphasized the word, “of the Headmaster, you are accused of high treason for your wanton destruction of the sacred altar in our secret glade.  Do you understand the charge against you?”
Klaybear nodded curtly, his stomach twisting and writhing inside, making him feel sick.
“What was that?  I did not hear what you said; you’ll have to speak louder,” Ghelvon said.  Myron and Avril exchanged a worried glance.
“Yes, I understand,” Klaybear choked out, and in that moment he hated the Master of Arms.
“What is your plea?  And before you answer,” Ghelvon went on, “an admission of guilt at this stage might move the council to leniency, stripping you of all powers, and exile rather than death.”
Klaybear swallowed hard before answering, trying to hold the nausea at bay.  “I did not destroy the altar; I am not guilty of high treason,” he stated, voice still quavering.
“I submit to the council that the charges against my apprentice be dropped,” Myron said.
“On what grounds?” Mistress Storga Keney asked; the Mistress of Novices was thin, her face hawk-like, and her hair turning gray from its normal black.
“On two grounds,” Myron replied.  “First, that Gar is responsible for damaging both the altar and my apprentice; second, that the altar has repaired itself of the damage.”
“What?” asked the three other council members, each looking surprised.
“Nonsense,” Ghelvon said.  “As I told all of you, I was there the morning after this apprentice was there and the altar lay in ruins.”
“We were there early the same afternoon,” Avril said, pointing to Myron, “and the altar had nearly repaired itself.”
“Altars don’t repair themselves,” Ghelvon remarked.  “This is a desperate ploy by the headmaster to save his apprentice; look here,” he finished, and lifted his staff, now glowing with red light, and drew a small circle of fire on the desk.  When the circle was complete, he lifted the staff from the table, drawing an arch in the air over the circle, touching the staff to the opposite side of the circle.  The lines of red fire were replaced by a black shimmering that became a three dimensional picture of the secret glade, looking at the ruined altar.  Sweat poured down Ghelvon’s face.
A sharp intake of collective breath followed Ghelvon’s action, then mumbling filled the hall.  One of the council members, Master Wegex Deruney, spoke the question filling the room.  “How did you do that?”  The Master of Novices was spouse to Mistress Storga; a shock of gray hair stood straight up from the top of his head, and he wore a perpetual grimace on his bony face.
Ghelvon feigned surprise.  “Can’t everyone do this?”
Myron and Avril exchanged worried glances.
“When did you learn this?” Master Ghreis Prokarts asked.  The Master of Soldiers was a short, blocky, brick-like wethi with brown hair that hung straight to his shoulders.
“Why didn’t you share it with us?” Mistress Storga asked.
Before Ghelvon could answer, Klaybear heard a sound and turned his head to see a figure, shining golden in the dimness of the hall, step out of the seats and onto the floor.  Blakstar pulled his sword from its sheath and spoke.  “Only special artifacts are capable of doing this action.  My sword, the sword of Sir Karble, can open such a window, with much more ease than Master Ghelvon, for I will show you a true vision of the glade, as it is now, rather than his illusion.”
Everyone on the floor and at the council table were surprised by the sudden appearance of the kortexi.  Klaybear turned toward Blakstar, and all watched in stunned silence as he mirrored the actions of Ghelvon with the point of his sword: his lines were of golden fire, his circle much larger, and his arch large enough for four abreast to enter.  Like a bird flying out of the window, the scene in Blakstar’s arch, appearing out of the gray shimmering, soared out of a window and circled the school, all there seeing the sun just above the horizon to the west, precisely where it was out of the high, west windows.  The view flew off toward the north, following the route every kailu took to go to the glade, through the woods, near the waterfall, entering the narrow cleft, pausing to open the door into the glade with a clear view of the altar, looking as it had always looked in the memory of every kailu assembled in the hall.  Klaybear wondered how Blakstar had passed through the door without a kailu symbol, but no one else noticed or mentioned this anomaly.
“Can you turn the view around,” Myron asked, “so we can see the entire glade?”
“I think so,” the kortexi of Karble replied.
The scene inside the arch jerked once, then turned smoothly around, showing the glade as everyone assembled who had entered the secret place remembered: the tall ancient trees, the clear running stream, the stone shaped roughly like a chair, with the pile of broken stones next to it.  The view returned to the altar, then moved as if they walked around the altar.
“Can you show us the surface of the altar?” Myron asked.
The kortexi nodded; the view moved up to look down upon the altar.  Klaybear gasped as all saw that the surface of the altar was as it had always been, free from any mark.  A sharp intake of breath followed; whispering echoed around the hall.
“You can see the symbol has now been completely erased,” Myron noted.
“How is this possible?” Mistress Storga asked, repeating Master Wegex’s question.
“Thank you, Sir Blakstar,” Myron nodded.
The kortexi lifted his sword, the view winked out, the golden light surrounding the blade and pommel of the sword winked out, and he slid his sword back into its scabbard; the steely sound hissed around the chamber.
“Sir Blakstar,” Myron went on, “would you hold up the container of the Waters of Life, so that the council can see the symbol?”
Blakstar detached the container from his belt and held it up for the council to see.
“Now turn around,” Myron added, “so that all those assembled can see.”
The kortexi did as asked, holding up the container and turning in a circle; a few surprised gasps were heard.  He stopped in front of the council, moving closer so each could get a better look.  Ghelvon barely glanced at it; Avril and Myron both watched Ghelvon.  Mistress Storga asked if she could handle it.  Blakstar moved back to where she sat and handed her the container.  She took it, examining it closely.  She removed the stopper, took a drop from the end of the stopper with one finger, and touched it to her tongue.  She frowned.
“He is Sir Blakstar eli kerdu ghebi,” Myron spoke in a loud voice, “recently raised kortexi bearing the equipment, devices, and sword of the first kortexi, Sir Karble.”
Someone at the table snorted.  “How do you know this?” Master Ghreis asked.
“I have heard his story,” Myron replied, “and recognize his devices.”
“An easy forgery,” Ghelvon said, “anyone could have equipment made with the devices of Sir Karble.”
Three council members nodded agreement, but Avril snorted.
“Have you lost all your sense?” Avril asked incredulously.  “No kortexi would stoop to such a fraud–he would be torn apart by his order for such presumption!”
“Have you seen these waters actually work?” Mistress Storga asked, ignoring the Master Healer.  “They tasted to me like water, nothing more.”
“There are two here,” Myron answered, “who could not be cured by our arts, yet both were healed, almost instantly, by drinking the Waters of Life carried by Sir Blakstar.”
Master Deruney frowned.  “Can we see them and question them?”
Myron turned to where Blakstar had been sitting.  “Delgart, Marilee, could you step forward for the council to question you, please?”
Delgart and Marilee got up and stepped into the center of the hall, the ruined halves of their faces away from each other and still covered with bandages.
“Why are they bandaged?” Storga asked.
“Please remove your bandages,” Myron said.
Reluctantly, both unwound the bandages covering their faces.  Gasps and whispers circled around them from the benches filling the room.
Ghelvon smiled.  “Healed, you said,” and he laughed.  “What happened to their faces?  Why are they bandaged?” he asked, now grinning like a fiend.
Myron shot a glance at Avril, who raised an eyebrow.  “That is all that remains of the illness with which they were both afflicted: Marilee before she came here, Delgart sometime during the first night after I brought him here,” Myron noted.
“Wait,” Storga interrupted, “are you saying he was inflicted with this illness that we could not cure after he entered the infirmary?”
“When I retrieved him from Kalamar, he was only wounded by a splinter of oar that pierced his side and back, just above the hip.  Sometime after his wounds were dressed last evening, he was afflicted with the same illness that has left them both marked as they are, in spite of the Waters of Life.”
“Yes,” Ghreis began, “and I recall that the Waters of Life are supposed to cure all illnesses; and yet, as we can all see, these two have not been completely healed.  This fact plainly casts doubt upon your claim that the devices of this kortexi are genuine.”
“Further,” Storga added, “what you are implying, Headmaster, is that someone in the infirmary inflicted this wethi with the illness; no one else would have been permitted in the infirmary during the night.”
“That seems to be a logical conclusion,” Avril agreed.
Ghelvon banged his staff on the floor to silence the mumbling whispers filling the hall.  “This line of thinking is irrelevant to the matter at hand.  We should table this question until after that matter of Myron’s apprentice is decided.”
“On the contrary,” Myron disagreed, “it is at the very heart of the accusations raised against Klaybear.  Sir Blakstar has presented evidence that the altar has repaired itself, and so the accusations are unfounded.  If you wish to test the Waters, then bring one of the injured here from the Infirmary and try them.”
“No, Myron,” Ghelvon said, “your apprentice is accused of destroying the altar and marking it with the sign of evil.  I saw the altar destroyed.  Whether or not it has repaired itself, as you claim, is irrelevant to the charge against him; he is accused of treason for destroying and defacing the altar, which would have been repaired anyway.  Therefore, I move that this line of questioning and the evidence presented by this kortexi and these two people,” he pointed first to Blakstar, then Delgart and Marilee, “be tabled and removed from the present trial.”  He looked to each council member and saw three nods and one shake.  He banged his staff on the floor again.  “Motion carried by a three to one vote.”  He looked at Blakstar, Delgart, and Marilee.  “You three will return to your seats.”
Klaybear noticed that anger flashed across Blakstar’s face, and Delgart placed one hand on the kortexi’s arm; Ghelvon grinned at them maliciously, almost challenging them to act.  They turned away and moved back to their places.  Klaybear turned back to face the council, the knot in his stomach so tight it made him grimace.  Ghelvon moved from behind the council table to stand facing Klaybear.  “The proof of this apprentice’s turn to evil is plain for all to see,” he pointed to the mark burned into Klaybear’s forehead, “and to show you just how far he has sunk into evil, observe.”  As Ghelvon reached his hand forward to touch Klaybear’s forehead, Klaybear thought that he saw something in Ghelvon’s eyes, the hint of red light behind his brown eyes, but before he could recall where he had seen red light flash behind someone’s eyes, Ghelvon’s pointing finger touched the mark on his forehead; fire exploded inside his head, filling his head with pain and chasing all thought from his mind.  From a distance, he heard himself cry out in anguish; images crashed through his head, repeating flashes of the vision he had seen, repeating chaotically amidst the flashes of fire and pain, except that this time, one image repeated and floated to the surface: the shadowy hand reaching toward his forehead juxtaposed over the image of Ghelvon in the present, reaching for and touching his forehead, shadow flipping to color flipping to shadow, the hint of red flashing behind eyes, and a voice coming from a distance, echoing the words he had heard when the mark was first burned into his head and hand: Now your waking will be little better than the nightmare of your sleeping.  Awake, the sign will mark your separation from those whom you would save.  Asleep, the sign will open visions of your future, and the horror of your visions will leave you sleepless.  Then, perhaps, you will truly taste the bitterness of being chosen.  Fire and pain, shadow and color, flashing red eyes and echoing words, nightmare and reality, shadow hand and Ghelvon’s hand withdrawing, pain and fire subsiding to a dull throbbing in his forehead; he could see the glow of his forehead in Ghelvon’s eyes, staring at him triumphantly.  External sounds penetrated his pounding head: Ghelvon was again speaking.
“You see,” Ghelvon said, “he cannot endure the touch of good!”
Klaybear felt his right wrist grabbed roughly, his arm raised into the air; fire burned in his palm when Ghelvon pointed to and touched the mark burned there.  Again, he was hurled into the maelstrom of his vision, the shadowy hand touching his hand and flipping to Ghelvon touching his hand, the echoing words and the flashing red eyes.  Ghelvon’s hand withdrew and the pain in his hand subsided to a throb.  Before Klaybear could regain control of his thoughts, Ghelvon pressed the right hand he held onto Klaybear’s forehead, bringing the two marks into contact with each other; fire and pain, greater than before, exploded inside his head, hurling him back into the mental gyre of his visions.  From a distance, Klaybear heard himself howling, felt his body slump to the floor, his screams of anguish punctuated by the clinking of the chains with which he was bound.  He felt his wrist released, his hand and arm fall, his cry of pain becoming in his ears a sob followed by a sigh that trailed into silence.  As the images whirling in his head slowed and faded, he could see angry red light pulsing in his right palm and knew his forehead must also be pulsing with the same red light.  He suddenly became aware that the room around him was silent, the only sounds his panting for breath.  He raised his head and dimly saw Ghelvon moving away, returning to his position behind the council table; he saw his master’s face wrinkled with concern; he saw Avril’s face mirroring Myron’s, saw the faces of the other three council members filled with fright; he knew that Ghelvon had won; a sob escaped him.
Ghelvon looked to his right and left before speaking.  “Can there be any doubt of his fall?” he asked in a soft voice.  “I move, therefore that we vote: All in favor . . . ,” he began.
“Wait!” Myron interrupted, “as Klaybear’s counsel I have a right to speak before you vote . . . ,” but Myron broke off, hearing a noise behind him.  They all turned and looked; Thal was coming forward, his flaming hair more disheveled then usual and his face still pale; he had tripped on the last bench and stumbled into Klaybear, causing the latter’s chains to clink.

Thal moved woodenly, not responding to anyone or anything, consumed with feelings of loss.  He took no notice of his surroundings, uncaring of the people filling the Assembly Hall, or of the figure in chains something told him he should recognize.  The trial began, and he heard arguments against the Headmaster’s apprentice.  A figure cloaked in red light led the council seated before them and spoke against the accused; a second figure, whose aura pulsed with green light, defended the accused, but he had been given little opportunity to speak.  After a time, a third figure, shining bright with golden light, came from beside Thal and used his golden sword to give a view that changed, first looking at the sky and sun, then flying through the air and entering a peaceful glade by means of a curious doorway through solid rock.  He saw huge cedar trees, a small stream, a stone chair, and an altar that seemed to be the center of the trial.  Two other figures, whose auras were indistinct but shining, stepped forward after the kortexi–Sir Blakstar, he realized–showed the mekala his flask.  Blakstar’s aura flared, then the three figures returned to sit next to him.
Moments later, the master with the red aura moved to stand in front of the accused, whose green aura had dimmed, and pressed a red-glowing finger into the kailu’s forehead; a red symbol pulsed, the symbol of Gar.  He suddenly knew the accused–Klaybear, one of his fellow chosen, or so the Headmaster had named them.  Klaybear slumped, causing the chains to klink loudly in the silent hall.  A second symbol of Gar began pulsing in Klaybear’s hand, and Thal heard his new friend cry out in anguish.
Thalamar! a voice boomed inside his mind, causing him to jump.
Mother? he thought, recognizing the voice and tone of command.  But you’re dead! he thought, feeling the aching stab of pain and loss.
Cease this behavior at once! she commanded.  You have work to perform–we didn’t train you to have you sit by idly and watch one of your fellow chosen destroyed!  Wake up and act, now!
He struggled to his feet and started forward, tripping as he stepped off the lowest bench and catching himself on Klaybear’s shoulder.
“As a maghi of Melbarth,” Thal croaked, his voice sounding strange to him, “all of whom are experts in logic and reasoning, I cannot sit idly by while this young kailu and friend of mine is convicted on the grounds of circumstantial evidence.”  He looked at Ghelvon.  “May I speak?” he asked.
Ghelvon’s jaw clenched.  “You have spoken,” he mumbled.  The council members on either side of him snorted–Storga and Ghreis.
Thal raised an eyebrow.  “No, I meant to speak on behalf of the accused,” he added.
Ghelvon looked at Thal for a moment before speaking.  He turned to those seated at the council table.  “Any objections to allowing this maghi to speak?”
“Since his father and master,” began Avril, “was the greatest logician of his order, I, for one, would like to hear what he has to say on Klaybear’s behalf,” he finished, nodding to Thal and smiling.
Ghelvon ignored Avril.  “All in favor?”  Three nods and one shake.  “Fine.  We will allow this maghi a chance to speak.”
Thal gave a slight bow.  “If I understand correctly, you have only three facts in this case: first, that the altar in your secret glade was destroyed and marked with a sign; second, that this apprentice, Klaybear, was the last known person to enter the glade before the altar was discovered destroyed; and third, that the altar has since repaired itself.”
Storga interrupted.  “We already decided that the altar repairing itself was irrelevant to what the apprentice of the Headmaster did.”
Thal shook his head.
Storga went on, ignoring Thal.  “Also, we know that he was the last person to enter the glade.”
“How do you know?” Thal asked.
“It is only possible for kailum of Shigmar’s order,” she replied, “to enter the glade.”
“And how do you know that?” Thal asked.  “Has anyone not of your order ever tried entering the glade?”
“We are the only ones who possess the keys,” she said, reaching into her robe and withdrawing her symbol.  “This special artifact, possessed only by our order, allows entry.”
“But could not someone steal one of those symbols,” Thal noted, “and so gain entry?”
All those seated at the table shook their heads.  Avril spoke.  “Each symbol is attuned to the individual kailu who possesses it; if it were taken, that attunement would be broken, rendering the artifact incapable of opening the door.”
A sudden thought occurred to Thal, and he acted on it at once.  “Is it possible for a kailu of your order,” he said, “to be possessed by a kwalu, who could then use the symbol through the possessed kailu?”
Avril nodded again.  “Shigmar foresaw that very possibility, and so imbued the door with teka that would prevent kwalum from entering in the way you suggest.”
“So again,” Storga said, “the apprentice of Myron was the last person to enter.”
“No,” Thal shook his head, “he was only the last person to enter the glade through the door.”
Voices mumbled around the room.  Ghelvon snorted.  “How else could someone enter?”
Thal’s eyebrows rose again.  “How indeed?  Are you implying that the glade is shielded from teleportation?”
Wegex laughed.  “No simple shield is powerful enough to cover an area of that size,” he said.  “Not only that, but if it were possible, it would have to be constantly maintained, as a city’s shield must be, and to expend that much power renders it virtually impossible.”
“Even so,” Storga added, “there is no telepad within the glade to serve as target for teleportation ortheks.”
“It is not necessary,” Thal said, “for there to be a telepad to use teleportation ortheks, as Blakstar has just shown.”
Storga laughed.  “No, that is true,” she said, “but one must be incredibly powerful and must have been to the place, before it is possible.  I do not know anyone who is powerful enough.”
“Don’t you?” Thal asked her.
Ghelvon interrupted.  “This is precisely why I wanted to move forward; this maghi’s line of reasoning is, as we voted earlier, irrelevant to the matter before us.”
“Please, master,” Thal implored, “if you will bear with me and follow my reasoning to its logical conclusion, you will see why I argue that it is both important and relevant to Klaybear’s defense.”
Ghelvon sat down.  “Fine.  You may continue, although I wish it noted in the record that I am opposed to this line of reasoning.”
“Thank you, master,” Thal said.  “So, where were we?  Oh, yes, teleportation ortheks.  We have established that it is possible for someone to enter the secret glade without using the door; we have also noted that one would have to have been in the glade to teleport there, also, that there are very few powerful enough to do it.  So my next question is who?  Who is powerful enough to teleport into the secret glade, and who has been there?”
They sat silent for a moment, not looking at Thal.  After a time, Avril spoke.
“I imagine that your father, Thal,” Avril noted, “was strong enough, and perhaps some other members of the council of maghem, like the sedra, Hierarch Kresgart, but I doubt even the heads of the other orders are powerful enough, nor have they been to the glade.”
“I could not do it,” Myron said.
“Which is precisely,” Ghelvon said, “the problem with this line of thought.”
Thal ignored Ghelvon.  “Is Gar powerful enough?”  Whispering hissed above and around them.  “Has he been to the glade?”
“Are you suggesting,” Storga began, “that Gar, the incarnation of evil, has entered the most sacred place to the kailum of Shigmar?”
“I doubt,” Avril put in, “that Gar would go there himself; he need only send an agent to do the work.”
“I don’t see how that is different,” Mistress Keney said.
Thal shook his head.  “Is he powerful enough?  I think all would agree that he is; has he been there before?”
“In the oldest legends,” Avril said, “that speak of the secret glade, we read that the glade was the place where the two brothers–Elos and Gar–the firstborn sons of the One, met as they were forming our world.  There were two chairs upon which they would sit to discuss what each had done and what each planned to do next.  Gar destroyed his chair after he had been cast out of the One’s presence for his rebellion.  This is the reason why there is one stone chair and a pile of rubble in front of the altar.”
“That is only a legend,” Ghreis said, “as you pointed out.”
“Maybe,” Thal admitted, “but it tells us that it is quite possible for Gar to send someone into the glade, or enter himself.”
Ghelvon smiled.  “However, your argument is built upon more ‘ifs’ than the most simple explanation: Klaybear was the last person in the glade, the altar was destroyed, so therefore, Klaybear destroyed the altar.”
“That is true,” Thal said, “but let me ask another question.  First, as the Headmaster has presented evidence that the altar is rebuilding itself, what kind of teka would make this possible?”
“I don’t follow you,” Storga said.
“Who built the altar,” Thal added, “in the first place?”
“Shigmar,” she replied.
“What kind of teka did he use?” Thal asked.
“Our kind, of course,” she replied.
Myron and Avril exchanged looks, and Thal saw realization dawning on both their faces.
“No,” Avril said, “when Myron and I were there three days ago, we both examined the altar and its renewal by teka; there was more than kailu teka operating.  I did not realize what it was until just now.”
“Nor did I,” Myron added.  “We both noticed that something beyond our abilities was operating to repair it, as Avril said, a teka more than kailu teka.”
Thal smiled widely at this.  “Excellent!  This further supports my argument.  Now, if we for a moment assume that the altar was constructed only with kailu teka, how would one go about destroying it?”
“Perish the thought!” Storga exclaimed, appalled that Thal would suggest it.
“If it were only constructed,” Avril said, “with kailu teka, then it would take a kailu orthek to undo it completely.”
“Yes,” Ghelvon said, “which is why your apprentice failed to destroy it completely.  This line of reasoning places us right where we began, accusing your apprentice of trying to destroy the altar.”
Thal’s mouth fell open; he tried to speak again, to deny it–that he meant something else, but Ghelvon stood and for a second time, left his place behind the council table and around the table to where Thal stood with his mouth open.  He waved his hand over Thal’s head.
“Well,” Ghelvon said, “it appears that the apprentice did not live up to the expectations of his master.”  Ghelvon placed his finger on the top of Thal’s head.  “Can you see why?”
When Ghelvon said these words, Thal felt something like a burning finger stab into his mind; his surroundings blurred then shot back into sharp focus--flash-flash--Ghelvon was replaced by a dark shadowy figure that seemed to occupy the same space--flash-flash--Myron’s figure replaced by green fire occupying the same space--flash-flash--Avril’s figure also green--flash-flash–as also the other council members--flash-flash--Klaybear was also replaced by green fire, with the addition of the red symbols inscribed in hand and forehead--flash-flash--a multitude of green figures in the seats above and around them--flash-flash--red ball of power hurtling toward the top of his master’s tower--flash-flash--his parents embracing on top of the tower--flash-flash--red ball of power exploding around them--flash-flash--their bodies burn away, still holding each other--flash-flash--the top of the tower exploding--flash-flash--ash and dust settling on the rubble strewn around the tower--flash-flash--silence.  He slumped to the ground and the finger withdrew from his mind; words echoed from a distance.
“He, too,” Ghelvon’s voice echoed, “bears the mark of evil, written in the very patterns of his mind.”  A gasp echoed around the room; Ghelvon plowed on.  “He, too, cannot bear the touch of good.”
Whispering echoed around the hall.  Ghelvon returned to his place at the head of the council, smiling.  He looked and noticed the fearful faces on those seated next to him; only Avril looked unshaken.
“Anymore objections to voting for conviction of both?” Ghelvon asked.
“This is nonsense!” Avril exclaimed.  “Are we all so blinded by the fear Ghelvon has raised that we cannot see who they are?  Have we forgotten Shigmar’s prophecy?  At the center of the ages come those chosen of the One--they who will end Gar’s dominion--two from my own order: one more powerful than all others, doubled of another; one who opens the forbidden way, sprung from my home--one from Karble, myth reborn, dear to the people, bearing the living waters--one from Melbarth, fire of logic burning in his mind--three from the new order, one king, one queen, mirroring each other, one aperu slayer, sacrifice for another--and the cunning mouse, who penetrates all secrets--all maimed and marked by the burden of their choosing.  Darkness and evil go with them, light guides them, rumor precedes them, destruction and disturbance follow them; choose to aid them to suffer, choose to oppose them to die.  Have you all forgotten it?”  He looked at Myron.  “I think you should call the others forward.”
Myron nodded, turning and raising his hand; Delgart, Marilee, and Blakstar stepped into the center of the room for the second time.
Ghelvon sneered.  “You appear to be missing some of them, three, if I’m counting correctly,” he finished.
“Let us see,” Avril said.  “First are mentioned two kailum, one who has a twin that is also chosen, which one is Klaybear.  The second, who is from Shigmar’s home, Kalbant, would have to be my apprentice, Klarissa; a kortexi of Karble bearing the Waters of Life, Sir Blakstar; a maghi of Melbarth, steeped in logic, Thalamar son of Kalamar; three seklesem, the new order, two of them mirroring each other, Delgart and Marilee; the third seklesi, Klaybear’s twin brother Rokwolf; and the ‘cunning mouse’ is Telvor ven Galagrude, a scout.”
Ghelvon was smiling.  “Your translation of the prophecy,” he said, “is a bit loose.”
“What do you mean?” Avril asked.  “I quoted the standard translation of the text.”
“Yes,” Ghelvon went on, “the ‘standard’ translation ignores the blots on the original manuscript.”
“It does not ignore the blots,” Myron said, “it uses the corrections written on the manuscript.”
“And who,” Ghelvon began, tapping his fingers together in front of his face, “introduced the corrections?”
“Shigmar,” Avril answered.
“How do we know that Shigmar himself corrected the manuscript?” Ghelvon asked.
“That is the tradition handed down from the beginning,” Myron put in, “that the scribe who copied the prophecy from the stone tablet upon which it was inscribed, made mistakes that were corrected by Shigmar.”
“And the original stone tablet?” Ghelvon asked, still tapping his fingers.
“No one knows,” Myron replied.  “It is believed to have been somewhere in the school, but none have ever found it.”
“So all you have is a blotted copy,” Ghelvon said, “that is rumored to have been corrected by the author.  How do we know that the manuscript copy we have was not altered somewhere along the way by someone who did not like what it said, who feared the destruction they might cause when they entered the world?  And so, to prevent panic, blotted out the key words and replaced them with words that were less frightening.  Without the original, we do not know.”  There was nodding at the table; whispers hissed around the hall.  “Especially now, where we have some of the chosen before us, all of them bearing the mark of evil, the mark of Gar.”
“All of them?” Mistress Keney asked.  “I only see two of them marked.”
Ghelvon got up and went around the table again; he walked at Delgart, who stepped aside to get out of his way.  When Delgart did this, Ghelvon grabbed Marilee’s arm and pulled her in front of Delgart, turning her so that the maimed sides of their two faces were next to each other, then he pushed them together.  Their half-marks reacted by drawing together, so that their two faces were together, cheek to cheek; both groaned in pain as the mark became complete, glowing with angry red light and filling their heads with pain.  They slumped to the ground, their faces still touching, the mark still pulsing red.  He turned to Blakstar, grinning widely.  He poked his finger into the center of the kortexi’s chest; Blakstar felt flame ignite on his chest, gasped, and sank onto one knee.  Red light, in the same figure, pulsed through the golden mesh of his special suit and his chain mail.  Ghelvon moved to Klaybear and Thal, touching them both again, causing their symbols to pulse again, and Thal saw once more the strange juxtaposition of figures and shadows.
Angry whispering circled the room.  Ghelvon looked up, took note of the sounds, then went back to his place at the head of the table.
“If the three missing were here,” he said over the whispers, “I’m sure we could show you three more marks of evil.  This leads me to ask, what does it mean to be ‘chosen of the One?’  According to the standard translation quoted by Avril, it means those who come to save us from Gar, although causing suffering and destruction.  Given that they all bear the mark of Gar, let me suggest an alternate translation of the prophecy.  The first blot comes at the end of the first sentence, and the phrase, quoted in the original, kemkwo Dhund Regyu de Ker, the blotted letter is rendered in the standard version as I have quoted it, Dhund, which means ‘to finish or end,’ and only a single letter is blotted, the ‘u.’  But what if the ‘u’ were actually an ‘e,’ then instead of ending Gar’s rule, the would ‘put into place Gar’s rule,’ meaning figuratively that they would support or further his rule.  Now the final sentence, which elaborates on what will happen when the chosen are here: Peliwum kwe Wepum Poranent ksun kem Leuka Poreyet kem Gnosildum Gweunt kem Gwhoni kwe Prit Sekwent kem Geuset Nemere kem Petore Geuset Spornare kem Moryore, which is the standard version.  If, as we see by the marks they all wear, the chosen are an evil to be feared, then these lines might instead be rendered: Peliwum kwe Wepum Poreyent kem Leuka Peryont kem Gnosildum Gwant kem Gwhoni kwe Prit Sekwent kem Geuset Nemere kem Petore Geuset Spornare kem Moryorene, which we would translate as, ‘Darkness and evil lead them, light, or good, pierces them, rumor welcomes them, destruction and peace-breaking follows them; choose to aid them to suffer, choose to oppose them not to die.’”
Angry murmuring filled the room; the council members whispered among themselves.
Avril spoke above the noise.  “But that is only your supposition,” he shouted, “your translation has less authority than the standard, as the standard has been accepted–for three-thousand years.”
Ghelvon shrugged.  “You may be right,” he admitted.  “However, given that they all bear the mark of Gar, I’m inclined to think that they are not our saviors but our destroyers.  I move that they all be convicted of treason.”  Ghelvon waited for a moment before proceeding.  “All in favor?”  Two nods.  “Opposed?”  Two nods.  A smile played at the corners of Ghelvon’s mouth.  “The council is tied, necessitating my vote.”  He looked down at Thal and the others, now smiling openly.  “I vote for conviction.  The penalty for treason is death; the sentence will be carried out at midday tomorrow; guards, take them away.”  Total silence followed Ghelvon’s words, as most of the kailum, novices, and apprentices in the galleries above sat and watched in stunned silence as the officers led the chosen, stumbling in disbelief, out of the Assembly Hall through the door that would lead them to the cells below, on the dungeon level of Shigmar’s school.
“But the evidence is only circumstantial!” Thal called back as the guards dragged him through the door.  “How can you, in good conscience, condemn us based on circumstantial evidence?”  The question hung in the air, but before Thal could see any response or say more, the door clanged shut, cutting off the possibility for him to say more.  Thal hung his head, feeling for the first time in his life that he had failed; he heard Marilee groan as the guards dragged them down the stairs that would lead to cells where they would await the next day and their immanent execution.

Chapter 15

Many will follow me, and try to equal me, but all will fail save for one, and this descendant will far exceed all that I have accomplished. . . .

from The Exploits of Master Potimus, written by him in his 90th year
Translated by Hierarch Thalamar in the Great Year

Tevvy was a stone.  He stood in the shadows, willing himself to “become one with the walls,” as his father had so often taught him.  Wrapped in his cloak, with the hood covering all of his head and face, except for his nose and eyes, he was indiscernible from the stone walls and the shadows where he observed the movements of the guards.  The first would be easy; he sat by the door that Tevvy assumed led to the school’s upper levels, ring of keys hanging from his belt.  The guard appeared to be dozing, but Tevvy’s father had drilled into his son and pupil’s head the need to be sure, which was why he had been standing still in the shadows, observing.  This lowest level of the kailu school had an ambience of regular sounds that did not disturb the first guard’s “sleep.”  However, whenever that ambience was disrupted by a stray sound, like a loose rock hitting the floor, tossed in this case by Tevvy, the first guard was wide awake.
The second guard would be more tricky.  He was currently making his rounds, an action that took ten minutes to complete, which meant that the hallway beyond the barred wooden door, where the cells were, could not be very large.  Every thirty minutes, the two guards traded, and their exchange of keys and position gave Tevvy the moments he needed to slip out of the sewers and into the shadows.  They were about to change again, and the guard currently sitting took exactly fifteen seconds longer to make the round.  The count in Tevvy’s head reached ten minutes, and he heard the single key carried by the walking guard slip into the lock, click open, and the door clanked open.  The guard sitting looked up and made, what seemed to Tevvy, his ritualistic query:
“How is it?” he asked.
“Quiet as a tomb,” the entering guard replied, setting his key and lantern on the small table.
The “quiet as a tomb,” described Tevvy’s days, recovering and waiting for his benefactors to return from the school.  The lady, Klarissa, had returned briefly about mid-morning, four days previous, checking on him shortly after he had awakened.  He had felt a little stiff, but otherwise well-rested.  She brought him a large and delicious breakfast, and had just started to tell him that there might be some trouble at the school, which could delay her husband’s return, when there was a knock at the door.  Tevvy could not hear the conversation, but when Klare, as she preferred to be called, returned, she told him she needed to return to the school immediately, then told him that if she did not return when he was ready for lunch, to help himself.  He smiled and told her that would be fine, as he had been well-trained by his mother to “fend for himself” from an early age.  His hostess had smiled and said “good,” then Tevvy warned her of his feeling that she should not go; Klare told him she could take care of herself, then she left.
After finishing his breakfast, Tevvy had gotten up and gone through his ritual of exercise, partially out of habit, but mostly to see if he had recovered from his injuries.  After determining that he was at about ninety-percent, he went through his equipment to make sure nothing had been damaged, or taken by his assailants.  When he saw that everything was still in working order, he sat back to wait, and time crawled by slowly.  About mid-afternoon, he entered the kitchen and had lunch.  When evening came, and the sun set, he was more surprised that neither of his benefactors had returned.  He resorted to the kitchen for dinner, having decided that once he had finished, he would go out toward the school to see if he could find out what was happening.  Tevvy checked his equipment again and heard the door open; he was surprised to see strangers entering but recognized one of them, a seklesa he knew.  He then went out with Mistress Klare’s friend to seek news of the lady of the house but returned without learning anything useful.  They spent three days watching the guard tower to no avail, during which he spent his time waiting in Klare’s house baiting that wretched kortexi, who interrogated him on his activities, trying to catch him breaking the law, then trying to drag him off to jail.  He might have succeeded had Delgart and Marilee not intervened, stopping him.  On the fourth day they were led by Klare’s friend to the trial.  Master Avril intercepted him, telling the awemi that the trial would be a good time for him to search the school for Klare, who was still missing.  Tevvy returned to Klaybear and Klare’s home when he learned that the others had been arrested and convicted, along with his benefactor, and condemned to die on the following day; he had discovered nothing of Klare’s whereabouts and managed to leave the school before the officers had found and clapped him in irons to drag him off to the dungeon to await execution with the others.  He waited for two hours before deciding to leave the house and try again to find Klare.  He opened the front door to leave, and found himself facing the Headmaster, who he knew, as the Headmaster was a close friend of his father’s.  He smiled and started to speak, but the Headmaster pushed him back into the house and closed the door, leading him to the kitchen at the back of Klaybear and Klarissa’s home.  He tapped the floor with the heel of his staff, and Tevvy recognized the globe of silence surrounding them.  Myron knelt on one knee, bringing his face close to Tevvy’s.
“We have a serious problem,” Myron said in a whisper.
Tevvy was surprised by his behavior, but had learned by watching his father how to handle this kind of situation.  “We do?”
“My apprentice,” the headmaster continued, “along with others of your future companions, have been arrested on spurious charges and are sentenced to die tomorrow.”
Tevvy nodded and was shocked by the Headmaster’s declaration, for his father had explained to him about the prophecy of the chosen, and that he, might indeed, be one of them.  “Why?” he asked, concealing his surprise.
“Because they all have been marked,” Myron replied, “in one way or another, by Gar, and Klaybear’s is the most visible of all.”
“Yes,” Tevvy nodded, “he frightened me when I first saw him; it pulsed with an angry red light, but he helped me: how could he be evil if he helped me?”
“The council did not see it that way,” Myron replied.  “I fear . . . no, I cannot speak my fears, lest . . . ,” he broke off, looking Tevvy in the eye.  The awemi felt as if the Headmaster were looking inside him.  After a few moments, he whispered, “yes,” almost to himself, then added, “just like Thal.”
“What is like Thal?” Tevvy asked, an eyebrow rising.
“The way you have been marked by Gar,” Myron replied, “it is written in the patterns of your mind, written in such a way that I cannot break it without destroying your mind.”
Tevvy was shocked.  “What?”
“Sit down, Tevvy,” Myron said.  The two sat in Klare’s living room.  “For reasons that I cannot fathom, each of the chosen has been marked, or maybe the proper word is ‘damaged,’ by Gar with the sign of evil, as you saw on Klaybear.  Some of the chosen, like Klaybear, bear visible marks, which is also the case with Blakstar, Delgart, and Marilee.”
The awemi frowned at the mention of the kortexi.
“You, like Thal,” Myron went on without noticing Tevvy’s look, “have the mark of evil written within the patterns of your mind, and there is only one person I know who could have broken that mark without destroying either of your minds: Thal’s father, Kalamar.  But four days ago, Thal’s parents were killed by servants of Gar.”  Myron stopped, tapping his chin with one finger for a few moments before speaking again.  “I wonder why Kalamar did not notice the mark; that seems impossible to me,” he continued, obviously speaking to himself, “so he must have seen it, but chose not to remove it, meaning either he couldn’t remove it, or he saw that it served some higher purpose . . . ,” his voice trailed off.
“Headmaster, what are you speaking of?” Tevvy asked, struggling to understand.
Myron looked back suddenly.  “I’m sorry,” he said, “my mind started wandering, a problem of age.”
“What does it mean, that I have the mark of evil written in the patterns of my mind?”
“It means that we need to re-translate the prophecy, if only we had the original,” the Headmaster replied rather cryptically.
“What?” Tevvy said, looking confused.
“Sorry, for you it means that you, with the other chosen, must immediately leave Shigmar.”
“If they are locked-up, how can . . . , oh, I see,” Tevvy said, finally realizing what the Headmaster wanted from him.
“Your father has spoken to me of your potential, although like your fellow chosen, unproven,” Myron noted.  “I think this is your first task as someone chosen by the One.”
“I’m not sure I want to,” Tevvy noted.  “You see, Headmaster, the kortexi,” he spat the word, “thinks I should be locked up.  In fact, he would have if Delgart and Marilee had not prevented him.”
“You need to let it go,” Myron sighed, shaking his head.  “Don’t let his prejudices dictate your actions.”
“I hear you, Headmaster,” Tevvy replied, still annoyed by the kortexi’s actions.
“He will come to recognize your worth in time,” Myron added, “and the others will not allow him to have you locked up, especially since they will all be outlaws after this day.”
“And if I fail?”
“Then you and the other chosen will die tomorrow,” Myron noted, “and the rest of us will fall under Gar’s dominion forever.”
Tevvy choked.  “And if I succeed?”
“Then you will move on to your next task.”
“That’s just lovely!”  Tevvy snapped, throwing up his arms and getting to his feet.
“Have you seen Klare?” Myron asked, changing the subject.
“Not since that first morning,” Tevvy replied, his arms falling to his sides.  “I was about to go out and search for her again.”
“She is still missing,” Myron noted.
“Her master met us on the way to the trial,” Tevvy noted, “and he asked me to search the school while the trial was going on, but I did not find anything.”
Myron looked up at him.  “Aah, so that is why you were absent,” he said, “I wondered.”
Tevvy thought for a moment.  “Do you want me to look for her?”
“No,” Myron sighed, “I think our first concern must be for those chosen sentenced to die tomorrow.”
“How do I get in?”  Tevvy asked, making up his mind. . . .
The sitting guard stood and removed the key ring from his belt, handing it to his fellow, who attached it to his belt.  Tevvy slowly raised his miniature bow, needle pulled back and ready to fire the moment the second guard sat down.  He prayed that he had calculated the distance correctly, so he could pull back the needle the instant after it struck the guard’s neck.
“How are they?” the first guard asked, picking up the key and lantern from the table.
“How would you be, if you were to die in the morning?” the second countered.  Tevvy waited, poised for the moment of action.  The second guard continued.  “The wetha has sobbed herself out and now sits quietly, rocking on her pallet.  The other wethem pace, except for the one who has a face damaged like the wetha’s: he sits cross-legged on his pallet, as if he were meditating.”
The first guard scoffed, then shook his head.  “Pity.  It seems such a waste; they don’t seem bad to me.”
It was the second’s turn to scoff.  “We are not to question the actions of our superiors,” he noted.  “Besides, talk like that could get you into trouble,” he added in a lower voice.
The first sighed.  “I know; it just seems an awful waste, and I feel there is something dreadfully wrong with it.”  He turned away, and at the same moment, the second sat down.  Tevvy let the needle fly, pulling back on the thread the instant it struck.
“Ouch!” the second exclaimed, slapping his neck.
The first turned, looking back at his fellow.  “What’s wrong?”
“Stinking fleas!” the second exclaimed.  “We need to put it into our report, so that someone comes down and expels them again.”
The first nodded and turned to go.  In the interim, Tevvy had refilled his needle and stood poised to fire his second shot.  The first moved to the door and unlocked it, then paused to place his single key into a pocket.  Tevvy let the second shot fly, pulling back on the thread the instant it struck.
“Ow!” the first exclaimed, slapping at his neck.  He turned again to his fellow.  “You’re right about the fleas!”  He went through and closed the door, locking it behind him.
Tevvy saw that the guard now sitting by the door had gone lax, and the awemi waited until the hands opened and the chin sank slowly onto the chest.  Tevvy leapt out of shadows and had the ring of keys off the second guard’s belt before the awemi had stopped moving.  He moved quickly to the door, knowing he had only moments before the first guard slumped, dropping his lantern.  He looked for the most worn key on the ring, reasoning that would open the lock.  He stopped before slipping it in, seeing in his mind the single key that had opened the door, then chose a different key.  The lock clicked open, and Tevvy opened the door, slipping through and closing it as quietly as he could.  He rushed after the first guard, seeing him slumped on the floor.  As he suspected, the lantern had tipped over, spilling oil on the floor.  Luckily, the oil was cheap and so only slowly burned, giving the awemi the moments he needed to right the lantern and put out the fire.  He hoped that Klare would not be too upset over the small blanket he had brought with him from her house.  He took another moment to reload the needle, in case someone else came in, or one of the guards woke up.  He moved off toward the first cell door.
His short awemi stature made it difficult to look into each cell, but his awemi vision made it easy to see inside without a light.  The first cell was empty, he could see this after climbing the door and looking through the grate.  Then he remembered the slot for food.  He stooped to look through the slot on the second cell, seeing a wethi-shaped heat-source.  He separated two keys from the others, the most worn, which likely opened the door the second guard sat by, and the one he had used to enter this hallway.  He tried three keys before he found the right one, and the sounds he made brought whoever was in the cell to the door.
“Who are you?” the voice of the kortexi asked.
“Shh!  You’ll wake the guard,” Tevvy whispered.  “The Headmaster sent me to rescue you.”
“What?” Blakstar’s voice behind the door asked.
“Quiet!” Tevvy hissed.  “The guard is nearby.”
Tevvy turned the key and opened the door.  The slight noise caused the guard to twitch.
The tall, well-built kortexi stepped out, saw him, and began glaring at him.
“Quickly,” Tevvy whispered, ignoring his look, closing and locking the door after Blakstar slipped out.  He looked back at the guard, then pulled on Blakstar’s arm, pulling the much taller wethi down.  Blakstar lowered his head, knowing that the awemi wanted to whisper in his ear.  “Do you know where the others are?”
“Further down,” Blakstar whispered and gestured irritably.
“Grab one of those torches,” Tevvy said softly, “you check on the left, while I check on the right.”
Having the kortexi made Tevvy’s job easier, he had to admit, as Blakstar could whisper through the door and see who was inside.  In this way, they quickly located Thal, then Delgart, Marilee, and finally Klaybear in the last cell.
“We’ve got to get out of here, quickly,” Tevvy whispered, “we have, maybe, fifteen minutes before the guards wake.”
“I cannot leave without my sword and the Waters,” Blakstar noted.
Tevvy’s mouth fell open.  “Are you insane?” he hissed.  “If we’re here when the guards wake, we’ll all go to the block in the morning!”
“Blakstar is right,” Thal said.  “His sword is a key to our future success and survival, and I need my rod and orthek components.”
“I need my staff,” Klaybear added.
“And we need weapons and armor,” Marilee said, “but we can take the guards’ equipment for now.”
With each addition, Tevvy got more angry.  “Do you people have any notion of where we are?  Or our current position, should we be found, and what they’ll do to us?”
“If they had taken all your equipment,” Thal said, “would you be any less eager to recover it, despite the bleak circumstances?”  He paused before going on.  “And yes, we are quite aware of our desperate situation, and the consequences, should we be caught.”
Tevvy closed his mouth, looking from one face to another, then his eyes rested on Klaybear.  “Surely, as one who follows the path of wisdom,” he paused, “surely, you see that the way to safety, the wisest path, is to leave quickly before we are caught?”
“I’m not going back into that cell,” Marilee noted, “so let’s go get some weapons so we have a fighting chance.”
Thal smiled, an action that looked out of place on his grief-lined face.  “Besides, when we put Blakstar’s sword back into his hand, he can open an archway that will take us instantly to a haven of safety.”
Blakstar nodded.  “That, at least, is true.”
Tevvy threw up his hands in exasperation, and as a sign of surrender, turned on his heel, and stalked back the way he had come, mumbling the while.
“I have not had the chance to greet you, brother,” Delgart whispered behind Tevvy, and the awemi ground his teeth as the whisper sounded loud in his ears.  He turned to look back, glaring, and saw Klaybear embrace Delgart, patting him on the back.
“Nor I you,” Klaybear said.  “We thought you dead, or worse.”
“The ‘or worse’ is true,” Delgart replied, “but with the One’s help, I managed to survive.”
Klaybear smiled.  “You and Rokwolf look more like twins than he and I, who are twins, do.”
“Yes,” Delgart replied, “and you favor mother.  How is Rokwolf?”
“I have not seen him in quite a while,” Klaybear remarked, “different orders, different paths.  Marilee can tell you more, since they worked together.”
Tevvy shook his head and muttered about loud wethem, then he moved on.  Blakstar and Thal had moved after Tevvy.  Marilee was a step behind them.  Klaybear, with one arm still around his older brother’s shoulders, followed, still whispering to each other.
“The headmaster said you are married,” Delgart said.
“Yes,” Klaybear replied, “but I’m worried about her; she wasn’t at the trial, and neither Myron nor Avril could tell me anything.”
“You’ll have to ask Tevvy,” Delgart said, “if he learned anything more.”
“I suppose,” Klaybear replied, “but now is not the time.”  He paused a moment.  “I found him lying wounded in the ditch the night I went to the glade, which was the day you were brought here, I was told.”
Delgart nodded.  “Is Rokwolf also married?” he asked.
“No,” Klaybear answered, “but he fancies Marilee, although she is not interested in him, at least not as a spouse.  Maybe now that she’s been,” he searched for a moment for the right word, “wounded, maybe he will leave her alone as there is someone else who has long fancied him.”
Tevvy stopped and turned back, looking daggers at them both.  He saw a flicker of annoyance pass through Delgart’s face, and interrupted them before Delgart could reply.
Tevvy stood, glaring at them, fists on his hips.  “I can hear you all the way down this hall; are you trying to start the fight before we get some weapons?”
“Have you seen Klare?” Klaybear asked, obviously trying to distract him.
Tevvy let his hands fall from his hips; his glare melted.  He swallowed hard before speaking.  “She came back to the house mid-morning the day after you found me, to check on me and give me breakfast.  Someone came to the door, who I did not see,” he added quickly, to forestall Klaybear’s obvious question, “and she left with that person, telling me that she was called back to the school on an urgent matter.  I discovered later that she had gone into the west guard tower, but we never managed to slip inside, or see her, although we watched for three days.  I went to look for her, at her master’s behest, during your trial but found nothing.  The Headmaster told me tonight that no one had seen her since the day she left your home on the supposedly urgent business.”
Klaybear, who had been smiling, let his arm fall from Delgart’s shoulders, his smile wrinkling into a look of concern.  The blood left his face, leaving him pale.  “I have a terrible feeling that she is in great danger,” he said.  “We must find her!”
Tevvy spoke, although there was no evidence of anger in his whispered voice, more the hint of someone who was proceeding forward with great caution.  “May I remind you that we are still in the dungeon; we cannot start looking here.  We have to go back to the last place she was seen, then go from there, that guard tower.  The Headmaster said there was a way in from the sewers, so that is where I will go once you all are safe.”
There were tears in the young kailu’s eyes.  He nodded once, but Tevvy could tell exactly what he was thinking.
Tevvy went on.  “I’ve given both guards another dose of medicine, so that they will sleep longer, but we still have to hurry; we have, maybe, an hour before the guard changes.”  He looked up at his taller companions.  “Do you have any idea where your stuff is?”
They nodded, and Blakstar spoke.  “Just down the hall is a common room where the guards gather.  They took our things there and carried them into the captain’s office, off the main room.”
“Are there any guards in the hallway?” Tevvy asked.
“At least one,” Blakstar replied, “standing guard at the door.”
“How many inside?”
“Maybe half-a-dozen,” Blakstar answered, “but I would think that they are sleeping now, since they appeared to live in that common area.”
“Maybe they keep their arms and armor in there,” Marilee put in, “as these two don’t really have anything worth taking.”
A door opened and shut, echoing down the hallway.  Tevvy cursed.  “Karasun!  I should have dragged all of you into the sewer when I had the chance!”
Blakstar and Marilee moved instantly to the door, peeking out of the grate to see who was coming.  “It’s Master Ghelvon and his apprentice,” Marilee whispered over her shoulder, “coming down the hall toward us.  I think it’s time to go,” Marilee added and signaled the others that they should get into the sewer.  Tevvy was already lifting the cover; Thal started to climb down.  Marilee gestured again, and they all stopped, hearing the words of the conversation echoing down the long hallway and through the door.
“. . .  equipment?” Ghelvon asked, his voice clear to Tevvy.
“No, my lord, not yet,” another voice replied.
“Idiot!  I told you to do that first thing!” Ghelvon’s voice exclaimed.
“You called me, my lord, to take care of the wetha,” the other voice whined.  “I did not have time to see that their equipment was taken from here.”
“I ought to flay your soul from your body for disobeying me!” Ghelvon growled.  “But you are right, I did call you then.”
Marilee waved frantically to them, signaling that they should come and see.  Klaybear stood at her shoulder while Delgart stood at Blakstar’s shoulder.  “He just backhanded his apprentice, and threatened him: is that common practice here?” Marilee asked.
Klaybear shook his head, but did not continue, as Ghelvon was speaking again.
“I do not trust Myron: he might do something rash,” he paused.  “Yes, the wetha, Klaybear’s kara, she must be further damaged.”
Klaybear gripped Marilee’s arm and exchanged glances with the others.  “Further damaged?” he whispered.
“And I will take as much pleasure in damaging her as Rupansa and Demansa did in damaging the kortexi.”  Ghelvon spoke relish.
“My lord,” the other said, “she has given me much pleasure, using the red kailu techniques you have taught me.”
“Yes, kerteradi,” Ghelvon replied, “and haven’t they been worth the price of your treachery?” he asked.
“That’s not Ghelvon,” Klaybear whispered, pointing, “no kailu can do that.”
“Do what?” Tevvy asked.
“Open a doorway where there was only wall,” Klaybear replied.
Tevvy saw Blakstar’s face had turned red, his eyes filled with anger.  Only when a low growl escaped from his clenched teeth did the others notice, and only just in time to see him reach for the door handle, wrenching handle and lock from the door.  He kicked the door open, breaking one of its hinges, and hurled himself at Ghelvon like an arrow loosed from a bow.  Ghelvon looked up at the sound, but only had time to smile before Blakstar crashed into him, an odd smile coming from someone who was about to be torn apart by a berserk kortexi.  The apprentice was knocked into the wall by the impact of the kortexi against his master.  By the time the two hit the floor, Blakstar already had his hands around Ghelvon’s neck, squeezing with all the rage Tevvy has seen in his face.  The crunching of bones echoed down the hall, and a strange red-tinged black mist lifted from Ghelvon’s now lifeless from.  Its shape was vaguely like a wethi, staring at them from red-lit eyes.  It picked up the kortexi, tossed him around, and hurled him into one of the stone walls, a strange disembodied laughter echoing from the misty form.  Blakstar’s body slid down the wall and lay limp on the floor.  The misty shape reached inside the apprentice, and he screamed horribly, as if in extreme pain.  The apprentice’s chest ripped open and a misty hand emerged, clutching the still beating heart.  The apprentice slumped, the scream changing to a groan as the last air escaped his lungs.  The misty form held out the heart toward where they stood, dumbfounded, in the doorway, before dropping the now still heart and howling as it flew through the ceiling.
Delgart was the first to recover, rushing forward to check on Blakstar.  Klaybear was close behind, but he did not stop at the kortexi, instead rushing into the hole in the wall to find Klare.  The others followed more slowly, not sure what had happened.  Tevvy mumbled to himself, thinking he had been foolish to agree to rescue these wethem–they were too much trouble.
“How is he?” Marilee asked.
“I think he was only knocked out, probably due to being berserk,” Delgart said, “he probably won’t remember what has happened.”
“I don’t think I’ll ever forget,” Marilee said, looking pale and sick.
“You realize that we have only moments,” Tevvy noted, somewhat drily, “before everyone above comes rushing down to investigate?  I’m surprised the other guards haven’t come bursting out.”
Delgart looked up.  “That is strange, but you are right, Tevvy, we have only moments.  Do you still have those keys?”
Tevvy nodded, holding up his hand.
“Let’s see what happened to the guards,” Delgart said.
Tevvy opened the door, and they were greeted by another grisly scene.  The room was a mess, as if something had exploded in the center of the room, hurling all contents and occupants against the walls.  The guards were dead, looks of absolute horror on their faces.  Their captain, at least that is who they assumed he was, lay at the center of the storm, the flesh of his right hand burned away, still trying to hold a sword.
“That’s Blakstar’s sword,” Thal noted.  “You don’t suppose that is what happens when someone else tries to use it?”
“It looks that way,” Delgart replied.  “Thal, you go with Tevvy into the Captain’s room and see if you can find the rest of your gear.  Marilee, see what you can find for the rest of us–weapons and armor.”
“Right, let’s go, Tevvy,” Thal said, leading the awemi into the next room.
“What do we do about the sword?” Marilee asked, her voice following Tevvy and Thal into the other room.
“When they find its scabbard,” Delgart’s voice answered, “we’ll use the dead wethi’s hand and put it back.”
Tevvy heard the sounds of doors opening and closing as he and Thal found their things piled on the guard captain’s desk.
“There’s plenty here for all of us, in assorted sizes, so we should be able to leave well-equipped, if we hurry,” Marilee said as Tevvy and Thal grabbed their missing gear, then returned to the other room.
Delgart took Blakstar’s belt from Tevvy, and with Marilee’s help, he slipped the sword back into its scabbard.  He handed the belt back to Thal.
“Anything missing?” Delgart asked.
Thal shook his head.  “It was still lying on the desk,” he replied, “it appears they tried the sword before doing anything else, which is a good thing for us, otherwise we’d be in trouble.”
“We’re still in trouble,” Tevvy noted drily.
“Why don’t you go see how Klaybear is doing, while we get equipped,” Delgart said.
Tevvy nodded and left the room, finding Klaybear supporting Klare and moving toward him.  When he led the two green kailum into the guards’ common room, he saw that Marilee had already found studded leather armor that fit and had buckled it on, along with studded leather leg and arm greaves.  She belted on a sword and dagger, selected a bow and filled a quiver, and slung both over her shoulder.  Delgart stood next to her, and she took similar armor out for him, helping him into it, then handing him the sword belt and dagger, bow and quiver.  Thal had found some plain leather armor and buckled it on, turning in time to see Tevvy lead Klare and Klaybear into the room, clinging to each other.
“We have little time,” Delgart said.  “Marilee, why don’t you help our two kailum get armed, while Thal and I go carry Blakstar back to the sewer entrance.”
The two kailum straightened up, going to the wall cabinet.  They both selected suits of chain mail, helms, gauntlets, and greaves, along with weapons.  Klaybear took a wicked-looking iron mace, and Klare a smaller, wooden-handled mace with finer spikes.  Both slung shields over their shoulders.  Marilee alternated between them, helping them into the armor and buckling it on.
Tevvy watched from the hallway, keeping his eyes on the progress of both groups, all the time feeling they should be running, especially when he heard pounding on the door leading up into the school; he went back into the room.  “They’re ready,” he told Marilee, “although if one of you could wake up the kortexi, descent will be easier.  Also, those two who came down must have bolted the door behind them: I can hear pounding coming from that direction.”
“Ready, dear?” Klaybear asked.
“I think so, although it has been a while since I wore this stuff,” she added, smiling.
“Let’s go see what we can do for Blakstar,” Klaybear said.

“How is he?” Thal asked.
Klare lowered her hands.  “I don’t have time to probe very carefully, but he only seems bruised, with nothing broken, and no obvious internal injuries.”  She nodded to her husband.
Klaybear laid his green-glowing hands on the kortexi’s head, whispering softly.  After a few moments, Blakstar groaned and opened his eyes.
“What happened?  Where are we?” Blakstar asked.
“What is the last thing you remember?” Klaybear asked.
“We were listening at the door to the pair who came down,” he replied.  “Where are they?”
“Well, we don’t have time to explain,” Klaybear said, “but they are gone, we have our equipment back, and we need to escape into the sewers; how do you feel?”
“A little weak, maybe shaky, but I think I’m all right,” the kortexi replied.
“That is good,” Klaybear said.
Tevvy’s head appeared from below, out of the open sewer grate.  “Things are getting worse,” he noted wryly.
“Why do you say that?” Klaybear asked.  He and Klare were helping Blakstar to his feet.  The others had already descended.  They dropped the kortexi’s chain mail over his head, then helped him buckle on his belt.
“Someone is moving around in the sewer,” Tevvy answered, “and they are heading this way, coming from the direction the Headmaster told me we should go to escape.”

Chapter 16

. . . thus did escape the CHOSEN
fleeing their unlawful incarceration
led by their brave klitodweri
into the sewers beneath Shigmar
where they discovered much more
than the foul reek. . . .

from “The Great Year,” a song cycle by Sir Kovar, written 3553

“Which way?” Blakstar asked.
“I hate sewers,” Tevvy said, his voice muffled by the cloth bound over his mouth and nose.  The two kailum, along with Marilee and Delgart, stood closely together, still whispering, while Klare wrapped her head with a cloth, covering her nose, then Klaybear bent low so that she  could wrap his head and face, even as Delgart and Marilee did the same to each other.  Thal stood to one side, behind Blakstar, looking very pale and holding the sleeve of his robe over his face, trying desperately not to vomit, as the sound would echo throughout the sewers, revealing their presence to whoever was moving around nearby.  Tevvy seemed not to notice the kortexi’s question, absorbed in the floating bit of paper he had dropped in the channel.
“Now we all look the same,” Klare whispered, looking at the others.
“And if our robes were all tan,” Klaybear added, “we’d look like desert raiders, whose only purpose for being this far from the desert would probably get us killed on sight.”
Delgart snorted; Blakstar smiled; Klare punched her husband in the shoulder.  “Don’t be cheeky!” she said.
“That way,” Tevvy pointed to his left, “although we may have to go in a roundabout way.”
“Why?” Blakstar asked suspiciously.
“To avoid whoever is down here,” Tevvy replied.
“No, I meant, why that way?” the kortexi said.
“Oh,” Tevvy replied, “that should be the way out.”
“Yes,” Thal whispered weakly, “by all means let us get out of here before I lose it again.”
“The way out?” Blakstar asked.
“The headmaster told me to follow the water to its outlet,” Tevvy replied, “he even gave me the key for the gate and suggested we should circle Shigmar to the north, and something about a ‘kailu safe-house,’” he looked at Klare and Klaybear.  “He said you would understand.”
Klaybear exchanged a glance with Klare before answering.  “Do you think he means the teleport house, in the northwest section of town?” Klare asked him.
Klaybear shrugged.  “Maybe, but it is inside the walls,” his brow wrinkled as he answered.  “There is always someone on duty inside, someone who can hold any intruders who try to enter that way.”
“Yes, and since we have become ‘intruders,’” Klare said, “we will be held there until help could arrive, to send you back to your cells.”
“Is it two-way?” Thal asked.
Klaybear nodded.  “I think so, but I’ve never heard of anyone using it that way.  Why?”
“Maybe he wants to meet us there,” Thal noted, “to give us more instructions.”
“I hope he brings our horses,” Blacktar put in, “I cannot go anywhere without my mount and the rest of my gear.”
“May I remind you, my strong friend, ” Thal said, “that we have all been branded traitors.  I’m sure notices of our condemnation have been nailed to every corner of Shigmar; if we show ourselves anywhere in the city, we will be dragged to the block!”
“Not Klare or Tevvy,” Blakstar said, pointing to them each in turn.  “Klare is still missing, and Tevvy has not done anything more to merit notice.  Have you?” the kortexi asked, eyes moving to the small rogue.
“Well,” Tevvy began, eyes lowering and cheeks coloring, “nothing that anyone could tie to me, personally.”
The kortexi took the smaller shoulders in both his hands, forcing the awemi to look up.  “Are you implying that you have committed crimes that have gone unpunished?” he asked in a steely voice.
“Crimes?” Tevvy said, one eyebrow rising, his face still flushed.  “No, not crimes, I was, uh, practicing my skills.  I visited the central market, trying to find out what happened to Klare, and while I was there picked up a few things, nothing valuable, to keep my skills sharp.  Don’t you practice your sword skills, and if someone gets injured during your practice, are you guilty of a crime?”
“Do not try to justify your misdeeds by trying to compare my sword practice to your petty thievery,” Blakstar replied.  “Taking another person’s goods without his permission is a crime that must be punished.”
Thal snorted.  “You are a good one to be talking about crimes and punishment!” he exclaimed.  “You who couldn’t keep your mouth closed, and so we all ended up in a cell under condemnation of death as traitors!”
Blakstar looked at the maghi before replying.  “I did the right thing in order to save another from an unjust accusation,” he hissed through clenched teeth.
“The right thing?” Thal said, standing taller and letting his sleeve drop, but before he could go on, the stench of the sewers forced him to bend over and wretch noisily.
Delgart stepped between them and removed Blakstar’s clenched hands from Tevvy’s shoulders.  “This is not the time or place for accusations or arguing.”  He took and held each eye for a moment before speaking again.  “We are in very difficult circumstances; the worst thing we can do is argue among ourselves, giving our enemies time to discover we are missing and begin to search for us.  Considering the noise that we were a part of in the dungeon above, I’d be very surprised if they have not discovered us missing, and it will not take them long to figure out where we went.  We have to band together in order to get out of here alive.”  He turned to Marilee, one hand still on each shoulder of Tevvy and Blakstar.  Thal was wiping his mouth and putting sleeve over mouth and nose.  “How far away are they?”
Marilee looked down the passage before answering.  “Hard to say.  We are in the main tunnel under the school, which is in the southeast part of town.  We need to move closer to the center to be more sure, but it sounds like they are still somewhere to the north, although with the way things echo down here, it is hard to be sure.”
Delgart nodded, then turned to Tevvy.  “Lead us out.  Blakstar, you and Klaybear follow, in case we stumble into any strays.  Klare, you follow with Thal, and Marilee and I will guard the rear.”  He stopped, realizing they were all staring at him.  “What’s wrong?”
Klaybear smiled and clasped his brother’s shoulder.  “Father always said you were a natural born leader, and you have taken command of us without a second thought.”
“I’m sorry,” Delgart said, “have I done wrong?”
“Someone has to keep us together,” Thal said, smiling weakly and wiping his mouth with one sleeve, “and you seem like the one who can do it.”
The company re-ordered itself, with Tevvy in the lead.  The awemi turned to Klaybear and Blakstar.  “Stay a bit behind me, so I can scout silently ahead.”
“How far?” Klaybear asked.
“The light here is dim,” Tevvy replied, “so about thirty feet, as long as you can still see me.  There are places where the magluku are farther apart, so you may have to move closer to keep me in sight.”  He looked to the others.  “If I wave like this and flatten myself against the wall, you do the same.  I’ll sneak forward to get a better look, then return before we move again.”
“We should also keep a small distance between us,” Marilee added, “so that if we have to stop and hide suddenly, there will be plenty of space.”
They nodded and Tevvy moved off silently.  Klaybear took his wife’s hand and squeezed it, then patted his brother on the shoulder.  He followed the kortexi, keeping the awemi in sight.  The others followed in turn.

Tevvy waved and suddenly flattened against the wall.  The others mimicked his movements where they were.  Klaybear could just see Tevvy creeping forward, slowly approaching a passage branching to the north, just short of what looked like the main sewer tunnel.  The awemi crossed to the north side of the passage, flattened himself on the floor, then inched forward to peer around the corner; he stayed still for a moment before inching back and standing, then returning to where the others waited.  He nodded and pointed back, so they all moved east in the passage, away from the other passage.
“What is it?” the kortexi whispered, voicing Klaybear’s question.
“There is a guard just around the corner,” he whispered back, “and the noise we heard was another guard moving north.  The Headmaster never mentioned patrols in the sewers; this could complicate things.”
“There aren’t usually guards down here,” Klaybear noted softly.
“Maybe they already know we have escaped,” Blakstar put in.
Delgart shook his head.  “Given what they know about each of us, if they knew we had escaped, they would send more soldiers in all directions, in order to trap us.”
Klaybear heard squealing hinges and the metallic clanking of a door closing.  Tevvy flattened against the north wall of the passage, waving furiously to the others; Klaybear and the others imitated his action.  Klaybear waited motionless, fearing the worst, but he only heard the sounds of footsteps moving away and growing softer.  The awemi held up his hand and moved quickly and quietly forward to peer around the corner again.  After a moment he waved them forward then flitted to the other side of the passage going north.  He continued to stare down the north passage, still waving them frantically forward.  Klaybear and the others quickly passed the opening and flattened themselves against the north wall just past Tevvy.  The awemi signaled them to wait, and he slipped quietly around the corner moving up the north passage.  Klaybear waited for a short time before Tevvy glided silently back around the corner.
“There is an iron gate,” he whispered, “just around the corner, blocking a stairway going up.  The gate closing is what we heard, but he did not lock the gate.  That makes me think that the two guards are not supposed to be here.”
“Which means,” Thal whispered past his sleeve, “that they are probably not looking for us, and that they are up to no good, as the saying goes.”
“I wonder where the stairway goes?” Tevvy mused to himself.
“The only thing on this side of the school is the guard barracks,” Klaybear noted.
Tevvy nodded.  “It makes sense,” he said, “that they would have direct access to the sewers.”
“What do we do now?” the kortexi asked.
“Get out of here as quickly as possible,” Delgart said.  “The guards would forget their ‘shady business’ if they saw us, and raise the alarm.”
Tevvy nodded, then moved slowly forward toward the main sewer.  He squatted at the edge of a wall, looking slowly around.  He moved back to where they waited.
“It is the main sewer,” he said on returning, “and as the air seems less foul, it must be where the river travels beneath the city.”
“See anyone?” Delgart asked.
Tevvy shook his head.  “No, and it looks like the way out is about thirty feet to the south.”
“Let’s go, then,” Delgart said.
Tevvy moved back to the opening ahead, crouching down and moving to the middle of what must have been a bridge over the underground river.  He squatted next to the low wall on the bridge’s north side, gazing in that direction.  His head turned west, then south.  He waved them forward, turning to watch the north, then the west, while they moved onto the bridge, turning to the south and following another bridge running the same direction as the water beneath.  Klaybear stopped at a locked, iron gate, turning to look north.  He could just see another bridge crossing the river to the north, and a brighter glow beyond the second bridge that must have been the center section of the sewers; muffled voices and the sounds of people came from that direction.  Tevvy left the north wall of the bridge, moving swiftly to the gate.  He pulled out the key Myron had given him and unlocked the gate, carefully opening it, so that its rusty squeaking was not too noisy.  He opened it just enough for them to slip through, slowly closed and locked it after they had passed.
“I’ll have to have words with the Headmaster about this,” Tevvy mumbled to himself, “the state of these locks and hinges is deplorable.”  He looked at his companions.  “You should hide yourselves here and wait while I scout ahead.”
They nodded, sinking to the stones next to the bridge’s low wall.  Tevvy moved off.
“What happened, dear?” Klaybear whispered to his wife.  “How did they capture you?”
Klare shuddered.  “I went to check the log, as the Headmaster requested.  After speaking with the healers on duty, when they assured me they would examine the record and inform your master, I went home to check on Tevvy.  He had just awakened, so I fed him breakfast, then there was a knock at the door; it was Ghelvon’s apprentice, Malkonik,” Klaybear growled at the mention of his rival; Klare smiled before going on.  “He informed me that there was a newly discovered case of the disease I’m studying, and he led me to the guard tower, west of the school.  I thought this was strange, and mentioned my suspicion to him.  He shrugged and said there was a guard who appeared to have contracted one of the diseases I have been studying, and that I should go and see.”
“And you went with him?” Klaybear asked, surprised.
“I thought the same, and told him so,” Klare continued.  “The guard tower seemed a strange place for someone who was sick, so I asked why he had not been taken to the infirmary.  He told me his master did not tell him, only that we should meet him there.  I turned to head back to the school, telling him that I would look at the sick guard after he had been moved to the infirmary.  Malkonik said that it was in the early stage, which was why I should see it right away, and that it wouldn’t take much time to stop and check, so I finally agreed.”
Klaybear growled again.
Klare smiled and touched his arm lightly.  “I’m flattered; you’re jealous!”
“I don’t trust him,” Klaybear hissed.  “He has not given up hope, although we are happily married.”
Klare shrugged, her mood darkening.  “You don’t have to worry now, since he’s . . . ,” she broke off.
“Dead?” Klaybear supplied.  “It is no more than he deserved for what he had done, helping that kwalu.  I knew there was something wrong with Ghelvon!  He was never that vindictive, nor that smart.  And the way he kept touching my forehead, disrupting my thinking, disrupting Thal’s thinking,” he nodded to the maghi, “I have heard of your logical prowess: there is no way Ghelvon was your equal, let alone your superior.”
Thal shook his head.  “I don’t know what happened; I don’t know why I made such an obvious mistake.  My mind went blank when he pointed to my error, almost as if someone had switched it off.”  He frowned.
Delgart’s eyes widened.  “That is precisely what he did; he was in control of the trial from the very beginning: nothing went the way the Headmaster had planned.”
“It would have been better,” Marilee said, “if none of us had been there.”
“Maybe,” Delgart said, “but I doubt it would have made any difference.”
“No,” Thal said, “he played on the fears of the council and the mekala so well that had we not been there, we would have been free only a short time before he would have had us arrested, and the awemi, too, leaving us with no way to escape the dungeon.”
“What happened?” Klare looked puzzled.  “You keep mentioning the trial without sharing any details.”
Klaybear sighed.  “You have not finished telling us what happened to you.”
Klare shrugged.  “I followed him into the guard tower, and he led me to a room in the lowest cellar.  Ghelvon was waiting there with a sleep orthek; I woke up in the room where you found me, with no light, no doors, and no idea where I was.  When the wall opened, soon after I woke up, I heard your fight, and then you came rushing in to rescue me.”  She smiled at her husband.  “So tell me what happened while I was gone.”
Klaybear looked at her a moment before speaking.  “You want me to start when you left us?”
“Of course,” she replied.
Klaybear shifted where he sat and started to relate what had happened to them after she left, what they talked about, what happened when Blakstar tried to heal Delgart and Marilee.  He had just gotten to his arrest, when Tevvy returned, a troubled look on his face.
“What is wrong?” Delgart asked.
“We cannot get out that way,” he said.  “The passage comes out next to a waterfall; the path went to the east along the face of the cliff, but has long since fallen away.  So unless you want to leap from the waterfall, we’re trapped in the sewers.”
Delgart’s brow furrowed.  “How did you get in?”
“The Headmaster led me to a grate near Klaybear’s house,” Tevvy replied, “but he locked it after I got in, assuming we could get out this way.”
“But he mentioned something about the teleport house,” Klare said, “maybe there is a way into it from the sewers.”
“Where is this house?” Delgart asked.
“In the northwest section of the city,” Klaybear replied.
“Let’s go that way,” Delgart said, “and see what we can find.”
“Even if we can get in,” Klaybear said, “we’ll have trouble getting past the guard.”
“One problem at a time,” Delgart noted.
Tevvy unlocked the gate and carefully opened it; they all passed through, and the awemi closed and locked it behind them.  They moved north to the connecting bridge, then turned to the west; Klaybear could still hear sounds coming from the north.  Tevvy looked that way and shook his head.  At the west edge of the bridge, Tevvy halted them so that he could check the passage going north.  After a moment of careful peering, he moved forward, continuing down the west passage.  Again, he stopped them a little further on, when they came to another passage branching off to the north.  Once he saw it was clear, he waved the others forward and pointed west.
“That’s the way I came in,” he whispered, then turned to go north.  About thirty feet down the passage he stopped, looking intently at the floor, then the wall on either side.  “There is an odd shape or symbol here,” he whispered, “different from what we have already seen.”
“Odd?” Delgart whispered, coming from the back of the group forward.
Tevvy’s brow wrinkled.  “Yes, odd.  Up to this point, the stones have been random shapes, set together as they were brought here by the stone mason.  But here, and on the walls, it looks like there is a deliberate pattern.  However, the light is dim here, so it is hard to tell.”
“Can we risk more light?” Delgart asked.
Tevvy looked north.  “This passage runs straight, probably to the northern edge of the city,” he said after a moment, “and as far as my eyes can see, the passage is empty.  Can one of you make a small light, while the others stand over there,” he pointed beyond the spot he examined, “to block any stray light?”
“I can make the end of my rod glow faintly,” Thal said, “but I don’t know if that would be enough light to see.”
“We’ll try it,” Tevvy said.  “The rest of you stand together over here.”  He made an arc with his arm over the area he wanted them to stand.  “Stand close together, to prevent any glow from escaping.”
Klaybear and the others did as instructed; Thal took out his rod, squatted, then whispered a word while passing his left hand over the end of the rod.  Tevvy pointed to the area, and Thal moved his rod slowly over it; his breath caught.
“Blakstar,” Thal whispered, “can you see it?”
The kortexi had been looking over his shoulder to the north, watching for signs of movement in the dim light.  He looked down at where Thal squatted, watching closely as the maghi passed his rod over the section of floor.  Then Thal pointed his rod to the west wall.
“It is even easier to see,” Thal noted, “here on the wall.”
“The Waters of Life!” Blakstar exclaimed.  “Douse the light,” he said after a moment, pulling his sword out with a steely hiss.
“Is something wrong?” Delgart asked, turning toward them; he was also looking to the north.
Blakstar shook his head, then slid the blade of his sword into a slot just above the symbol in the wall.  When the hilt touched the wall, the stone in the pommel flashed and Klaybear heard a click; a door-sized section of wall started to swing slowly open.  The kortexi removed his sword and slid it back into its sheath; Klaybear saw a short passage behind the door, with stairs descending.  The others stared open-mouthed at the kortexi.
“How did you know it was a door?” Tevvy asked, probably more shocked than all the others, since part of his profession was locating concealed doors.  “I’ve never heard of any door like this one!”
“I didn’t know it was a door,” Blakstar admitted with a shrug.  “In the chamber within the Mountain of Vision, where there is a fountain of the Waters of Life, there is a cabinet that held Sir Karble’s equipment: it is opened by placing his sword into a slot like this one.  When I saw it there,” he pointed, “at the top of the symbol, I had the sudden thought that I should insert my sword.”
“So no one,” Thal said, “has opened this door since the days of the beginning, since the time of Sir Karble, sedra Melbarth, and Headmaster Shigmar.”  His eyes lit up.  “I wonder what we’ll find inside?”
“Only one way to find out,” Marilee said.
“Yes,” Delgart said, “and let’s get inside and close the door before whoever is down in the sewers notices.”
Tevvy went forward first, followed by Klaybear and the others in the same order as before.  Delgart pushed the door shut behind them, and Klaybear heard the click as it closed and locked.  Magluku on the walls flared to life, brightly illuminating the short passageway; Klaybear could see lights down the stairs.
“There is something here,” Delgart said, “written on the back of the door, but I do not recognize the language.”
Thal, Klaybear, and Klare moved to look at what was written on the door; Klaybear felt the blood drain from his face as he read what was written and turned to see that Klare and Thal had also turned white when each had read the message.
“What is it?” Delgart asked.
They looked at each other for a moment, then Klaybear nodded to Thal.  “You are probably better at this than we are,” he said.
Thal sighed.  “It is written in the ancient language,” he said, “the same language that we use to work ortheks.”  He swallowed before going on.  “It says, loosely: Welcome Chosen!  Each of you place your right hand into the hand-shape above, so that this door recognizes you.  Then you will not need the sword of Karble to open these doors.  We prepared the space below as a refuge for you.  It is signed, Karble, Melbarth, and Shigmar.  It seems they knew what would happen to us.  That is why I, at least, went pale.”
Klaybear nodded in agreement and noticed his wife do the same.
“These doors?” Delgart asked.  “There are more?”
Thal nodded.  “That’s what it says, so there must be others.”
Delgart reached out and placed his right hand in the space indicated.  The spot glowed green, then went dark.  The others imitated his action, with the same green glow.
Tevvy looked at them.  “I can’t reach that spot!”
“Look under the inscription,” Thal said and pointed down.
There was a smaller hand-shaped indentation; Tevvy put his right hand on it, and they saw the same green light flare and go dark.  He smiled up at them.  “Very clever, that is.  Shall we go see what they prepared?”

Chapter 17

   . . . a secret refuge
prepared by foresight of Founders
wondrous room beyond even the reach
of twisted Gar and perverted minions
beyond even touch of time itself. . . .

from ‘The Great Year’, a song cycle by Sir Kovar, written 3553

The stairs, after a short space, spiraled down and descended into a cavern, and they heard the sound of water falling, echoing lightly.  The air in the room was crisp and clean, in spite of the fact that no one had entered this cavern in over three-thousand years.  Tevvy sniffed the air suspiciously, then looked up and to his right at the water falling from the ceiling.
“Are you certain,” Tevvy asked, “that no one has entered this cave in three-thousand years?  The air smells too fresh and clean for this cavern to have been sealed for all that time–there must be another way in.”
Klaybear shook his head.  “No one could have,” he replied, “since only Blakstar’s sword could open the door.”
“Not necessarily,” Thal inserted.  “There are ways of passing through solid matter, if one is sure there is a space open behind the wall, so to speak.”
“I’ve heard of that orthek,” Klaybear said; “if there is no space behind the wall, the tekson would be trapped inside the stone forever.  I cannot imagine anyone trying to pass through a stone thinking that there might be a space behind it.”
“I did not say anyone would try it,” Thal shrugged, “only that it was possible.”
“I don’t think it really matters,” Delgart said, “since the founders created this space specifically for us.  Let’s see what they left for us.”  He strode down the ramp ahead, next to the waterfall and pool, to the cavern’s floor and a stone door directly ahead, and Tevvy followed him looking warily around; the rest followed more slowly.
Tevvy squatted next to the pool, dipping one hand into the crystal clear water.  He sniffed the water dripping from his hand, then touched one wet finger to his tongue, carefully tasting the water.  After a moment, he dipped his cupped hands into the pool, taking a drink.  He looked at the kortexi who stopped next to him.  “It is safe,” he said, “and quite pure, although there is a hint of dust.”
Blakstar looked confused. “Dust?” he asked.
Tevvy nodded.  “The water falling from above both keeps the air in here circulating and cleans it: that is why there is little dust anywhere in this room.”
“Ingenious,” the kortexi noted.
Tevvy turned to join the others, who had stopped in front of the door.  Blakstar rubbed at the bridge of his nose as he faced the door.
Tevvy watched as Thal ran his fingers over the inscription on the door, mumbling to himself, stopping and tapping between the words.  The maghi looked puzzled.
“What is it?” Klare asked.
“Well, most of this seems quite plain,” Thal replied, “and notice that it includes the symbols of the first three orders, along with this crown shape beneath the three.  The three are easy enough, as they represent the orders established by Karble,” he pointed to a water vessel-shaped symbol with the Great Eye in the center of the vessel, which Tevvy recognized as the same as the devices on Blakstar’s gear, “Shigmar,” he pointed to a hand symbol with an eye in the palm, “and Melbarth,” he pointed to an eye-shaped symbol.  The crown also had the eye symbol at the center of the band, with five points surmounted by five stars.  “I must conclude that this is the symbol of the seklesem?” he finished with a question and looked at Marilee.
Marilee shook her head.  “No, we use a crossed sword and bow, and always have, as far as I know.”
Thal’s brow wrinkled; he turned back to the door.  “The indentation of the right hand, as we saw above, is here where the handle should be,” he pointed, “so this must be another of the doors mentioned above and that we, alone, can open.”  He pointed to the inscription.  “Have either of you,” he looked at the kailum, pointing to something incomprehensible to Tevvy on the door, “come across this construction?”
“The first word,” Klare said, “is easy enough--kelnan--that is ‘chamber,’ or ‘storeroom.’  But I’ve never seen the second--ditistas.”
Klaybear shook his head, so Thal went on.  “It is a compound; diti refers to ‘time,’ or ‘season,’ but stas isn’t really a word alone--sta- is the root that means ‘to stand, place, or stay put.’”
“It is a contraction!” Klare exclaimed; “something was left out . . . ,” Klare went on but was interrupted by her husband.
“Or formed part of the first word,” Klaybear put in, “ti-sta, stati, but that does not make sense, since that means ‘place,’ so it would be the ‘chamber of time-place.’”
Thal’s eyes widened.  “Not stati, but sista, sistare, which is the verb ‘to set, place, stop, or stand,’ which means it is the chamber of time-setting, time-stopping, or time-standing . . . , which is a stasis chamber!”  He looked at Klaybear and Klare.
“I think you are right,” Klaybear said softly.
Tevvy was confused by their conversation; he looked at Blakstar, Marilee, and Delgart and saw that they also looked puzzled, so he asked the obvious question: “What is it?”
“It is a chamber in which time does not move,” Klare said, “where time stands still.”
“I did not think that such a place was possible,” Thal said, “although I once read a passage taken from an original text by Melbarth, commented on by someone in the second millennium, where Melbarth, in the original, hinted that it might be possible to create such a space, but the later commentator disagreed.”  Thal’s brow wrinkled.  “We have been able to create small, temporary stasis fields, like are used to keep food from spoiling, or to keep dust out of a guest room, but they don’t really stop time, and only last until disrupted, when someone dispels the field to consume the food or enter the room.”  He mused to himself, tapping his chin with one finger.
“Does that mean,” Tevvy asked, still not sure that he understood, “that whatever the founders, as you name them, left for us inside this cavern, is exactly as the day they placed it there?”
“Well,” Thal replied, “the day they activated the field, yes.”  He was lost in thought for a moment before speaking again, softly, almost to himself.  “I wonder if they left us any books?”
“Only one way to find out,” Delgart said, placing his hand in the indentation that would open the door.  Tevvy saw a flash of purple light, although barely visible, and the door slid open smoothly.  He saw a short passage behind the door that opened into a larger room, and from his narrow view through the doorway, he could see a table surrounded by chairs.
Thal gasped.  “Melbarth did it!” he exclaimed, pointing to the right, just inside the door.  “He created a space in which time could be stopped at will.”
Tevvy glanced in the direction the maghi pointed and saw another inscription in the same kind of runes.
“How?” Delgart asked.
“It says, simply, ‘close the door and time will stop outside,’” Thal replied.
“Stop outside?” Tevvy said, “as if ‘time’ were a person we could keep outside this room,” he laughed.
“No, time outside this room will stand still, relative to this room,” Thal said.
Tevvy was confused, looking around and seeing similar looks on his taller companions’ faces; they stood waiting for further explanation.  Tevvy spoke.  “What do you mean, ‘relative to this room?’”
Thal’s face lit up.  “That is how he solved it!”
“What are you talking about?” Tevvy asked, still waiting for an explanation.
“Time outside this room cannot really stop,” Thal answered, “that would cause the universe to cease to exist.”
“So how can this be a stasis chamber?” Marilee asked an instant before Tevvy could ask the same question.
“What Melbarth did was create a space, or maybe a field,” Thal began, “that expands a single moment, so that, while we are inside this room with the door closed, the clock outside would tick only once whereas many hours, days, or years would pass in this chamber.”
“But you said,” Tevvy interrupted, feeling more confused by Thal’s explanation, “that anything they left in this room for us would be the same as the moment they left it; and now you are saying that if we close the door, only a second will pass outside while we could be in here for years?  That doesn’t make any sense!”
“Actually,” Klaybear put in, pointing to the inscription, “there is also a warning telling us that we cannot spend more than a few hours in here with the door closed, for we will age much more than a few hours.”
“How much?” Marilee asked, and Tevvy looked up at the seklesa and saw the same fear he felt mirrored in her face.
“If I’m reading it correctly,” Klaybear continued, “it starts out at about 12 to 1: 12 hours in here would be 12 seconds out there, but the ratio increases the longer one stays inside, doubling each day.”
Thal nodded, frowning at Klaybear.  “I was getting to that part, but was bogged down by questions.”
“I still don’t understand,” Tevvy said, “are you saying that time does not stop in this room, it only slows down?”
The white maghi nodded.  “And the longer one stays in the room, the slower time becomes outside, until a second out there would be an age of the world in here,” Thal continued.  He held up his hand as Tevvy started to speak again.  “Time is relative to the observer; in other words, if you went outside and closed us inside, spent an hour wandering around the sewers, then opened the door, we would still be standing here, as if you just closed the door.  For us, we could close the door, wander around inside for an hour, then open the door, and you would be standing in exactly the place where you were when we closed the door.”
Klaybear and Klare nodded; the others still looked confused.  Tevvy tried to protest again, to tell him that the explanation made no sense, but Delgart cut him off.  “I do not understand how it works, nor is it ever likely that you or I will.  So we should just accept that it works and move forward.”  He looked at his brother and Thal.  “How long can we safely stay inside?”
They both shrugged.  “A few hours shouldn’t be a problem,” Klaybear said.
“I would say no longer than 12 hours at a time,” Thal added.  “I would guess that things start to go funny after that, when the speed of time in the room begins to accelerate.  Maybe they left something inside that will explain more plainly how long we should spend in here.”
“Maybe they never discovered,” Klaybear added.  “Who would be willing to give up his life to find out?”
“So, do we close the door?” Delgart asked.  Tevvy looked up and saw Thal, Klare, and Klaybear look at each other for a moment, then all three nodded.
“I think we can, for a short time,” Thal said.
Delgart turned and pushed the door closed; again Tevvy saw a subliminal flash of violet light, which he supposed meant that the field was operating.
Blakstar and Marilee moved ahead of him into the main room.  When Tevvy entered, he saw the kortexi moving around a long, wooden table to what looked like a small fountain in the wall on the other side, all the while rubbing at the bridge of his nose with one gauntleted hand.  As Tevvy rounded the table he noticed that the fountain was very simple: a round pipe driven into the stone wall with a basin set into the floor.  Blakstar dipped his cupped hand into the basin and tasted the water, and his face lit up.  Tevvy looked inquiringly in his direction.
“It is a fountain of the Waters of Life!” Blakstar exclaimed.
“Are you sure?” Thal asked, moving around the table to join him.  “It is an odd place to find such a fountain.”
Blakstar frowned.  “Of course, I’m sure, since that is who I am.”  He removed the special flask and refilled it.
“Look at these chairs!” Delgart exclaimed.
Tevvy looked up and saw that the others had stopped at the table and were examining the chairs.  He moved closer to the table and saw that each chair was ornately carved with different designs, the same designs he had seen on the door: three had the crown designs, one at the head of the table, one to its left, and the third at the other end of the table, he discovered as he moved around the table.  Two had the hand of Shigmar, together and to the right of the head; on the opposite side, next to the second crown chair was one with the eye of Melbarth, and one with the water vessel of Karble.  Tevvy was drawn toward the stool that sat on the side with the pair of Shigmar’s chairs and had a new symbol: a dagger crossed with a key, with a coil of rope surrounding and intertwining the dagger and key.  Tevvy gasped when he saw the symbol and started to dig in his pockets.  He pulled out a scrap of parchment, yellowed and crumpled, which he flattened out next to the symbol.  On the parchment was sketched in charcoal a nearly identical symbol.  The others looked at the awemi, waiting for him to explain.
Tevvy looked up and saw that the others had gathered around him; he noticed their stares.  “My father sketched this figure years ago,” he explained. “when he dreamed of heading his own order, a branch of thieves dedicated to law and order, using their skills in the cause of good.  How could they have known this?”
Thal shook his head.  “They must have looked into the future and seen it: that would take a powerful vukeetu, more powerful than any I’ve heard of.”  He looked around at the chairs.  “It appears these chairs are meant for each of us, although there is an extra.”
“No,” Klaybear said, “our brother Rokwolf is also one of the chosen.”
Tevvy pulled his staring eyes away from the symbol on what was obviously his chair and stuffed the bit of parchment back into a pocket.  “I think I need to go back into the sewers, quickly,” he said without preamble.
“Why?” Delgart asked, sitting in the chair at the head of the table.  The others moved to their chairs, with Marilee sitting at the opposite end, Klaybear to Delgart’s immediate right and Klare next to him.
Tevvy climbed onto his stool.  “When I saw those two guards enter the sewers, you said, Klaybear, that it was unusual for them to be there.”
“Unless someone ordered them to enter the sewers,” Thal noted before Klaybear spoke.
“Maybe they were sent to look for us,” Marilee suggested.
Blakstar shook his head.  “Not enough time had passed,” he said.
Delgart nodded.  “You are right, not enough time had passed.”
“Unless,” Marilee said, “they have some kind of warning system set up.”
“I do not think they do,” Klaybear said, “and it would be unusual for them to be ordered to enter the sewers without leaving someone behind to watch the gate.”
“It is even more suspicious that they would enter the sewers from their barracks rather than their guard tower,” Tevvy put in.
“How do you know it is their barracks entrance?” Blakstar asked.
“Because the Headmaster gave me a sewer plan to study before I entered,” Tevvy replied.
“I agree that it is suspicious,” Blakstar said, “but I won’t allow you to go alone: I’m coming with you.”
“No, you cannot,” Marilee said, “none of us can.  Remember that we just escaped from prison; any soldier who sees us will arrest us on sight.”
“It is worse than that,” Thal said.
“What do you mean?” Delgart asked.
“We are the only ones who know that Master Ghelvon was possessed by a kwalu,” Thal went on, “I should say, the only ones alive.  What do you suppose will happen when someone discovers the bodies of Ghelvon and his apprentice, all the soldiers stationed in the dungeon dead, and all of us escaped from prison?”
Tevvy saw both the wetham go white; he nodded and noticed that Klaybear also had nodded; Blakstar looked surprised, then angry.
Delgart spoke.  “They will conclude that we managed to escape and kill the guards, Ghelvon, and his apprentice while escaping.”
“And where is the only place that we could go?” Thal asked.
“The school dungeon,” Klaybear said, “connects to both the guard tower and the barracks.”
“And the sewers,” Tevvy added, “so the only place we could have gone is into the sewers.”  Tevvy thought for a moment.  “I really need to go back out there and open the gate.”
“Why open the gate?” Blakstar asked.
“So they think we have left Shigmar that way,” Tevvy replied.
“But you said,” Marilee noted, “that we could not pass that way, as the path had fallen away.”
Tevvy frowned.  “If I had a coil of rope,” he said, “I could make it look as if we did.”
Marilee shook her head.  “That might work until someone checked the bottom of the cliff for our tracks, where they would find nothing.”
“But aren’t you seklesem,” Tevvy said, “capable of erasing your tracks, so that no one can follow you?”
“Yes,” Marilee replied, “but it takes time, and the best trackers can detect just such an attempt, so it would be imperfect at best and detectable.”
“Can they follow our tracks through the sewers?” Thal asked.
“Possibly,” Marilee replied, “although it would be easier to cover them in the stone passages than over the ground outdoors.”
“Another reason for me to go out,” Tevvy said.
“Not alone,” Blakstar said, and Tevvy heard the anger in his voice as the kortexi glared across the table at him.
“I don’t see that we have any alternative,” Delgart said.  “Why are you so opposed to him going out there alone?”
The kortexi looked once at Tevvy before he answered.  “He admitted that he is a thief; I do not trust him.”  He turned to Klaybear.  “Didn’t you say, when we first met, that his story was not totally accurate?”
Klaybear nodded and looked uncomfortable.  “He seemed less hurt than he should have been, had he been dragged behind a horse, as he claimed.”
Tevvy felt anger rising inside.  “Wait a minute,” he said, feeling the heat rising in his cheeks, “are you suggesting that I was not telling the truth, that I was not abused and dragged behind a horse?  Are you calling me a liar?”
“Yes,” Blakstar said simply.
“Fine,” Tevvy said, going suddenly cold; he began climbing down from his stool, “I do not have to stay here and take this abuse, especially not from people that I just rescued from certain death!”
“Sit down, Tevvy,” Delgart said, frowning at the kortexi.  “No one is accusing you of anything; my brother merely pointed out that your wounds seemed less than they should have been, had you been dragged the full distance out of Shigmar to where he found you.”  He turned to his right to Klaybear.  “Am I right?”
Klaybear nodded.  “Yes, I thought his wounds looked less than they should have been.”
“Also,” Klare put in, “the fact that he fell asleep when he did, five minutes after being healed, indicates to us,” she pointed to herself and her husband, “that his wounds were not severe.”
“So you noticed an anomaly between what Tevvy said had happened,” Thal noted, “and the severity of his wounds.”
“But that is still to say,” Tevvy said, still standing and just able to see above the table top, “that I did not tell the truth, that I made up a story to cover what really happened.”
“Not necessarily,” Thal said, looking down at him, “we are only saying that what you think happened may be different from what actually happened.”
“Huh?” Tevvy said, now feeling confused by this strange turn in the conversation.
Thal turned to Klaybear.  “Didn’t Avril imply, when he said I had been damaged, that he,” Thal pointed at Tevvy, “might have been damaged in the same way?”
“What are you saying?” the kortexi asked.
“The prophecy said outright,” Thal continued, “that each of the chosen, each of us,” he pointed around the table, “would be ‘maimed and marked,’ or damaged, and all of these markings Master Ghelvon made visible at the trial; he showed that the very patterns of my mind had been altered so that the mark of Gar,” he pointed to Klaybear, “as we see on Klaybear’s forehead, was also inscribed in the patterns of my mind.  Avril said that Tevvy might be marked in the same way; I say he is, and further, that whoever marked him also tampered with his memories, making him believe he had been dragged out of Shigmar behind a horse.  I suggest that he tell us what he remembers happened, then we check his mind to see if it is marked in a similar way, and if there is any evidence of tampering.”
Tevvy saw the others nod, then he heard Delgart speak.  “Tevvy, please sit down and tell us what happened to you and why you think you are here.”
“I don’t have time for this,” Tevvy said, shaking his head, “I need to get back into the sewers and find out what those guards are up to; we still need to find a way out of here, so I think it’s vital that we learn what they are doing in the sewers.”
“We closed the door,” Delgart said, “so time has slowed outside, which means that we do have time for this.”
“Oh, all right!” Tevvy exclaimed, throwing up his hands and climbing onto his stool.  He looked around the table and saw that the kortexi still looked angry with him.  He turned his attention to Delgart.  “My father, about ten years ago, set up the school he had been dreaming of, a place to train, what he named scouts; that is, persons with the skills of thieves but dedicated to the cause of good.  As I have been told, all of your masters,” he looked around the table, “aided him in his desire.  In fact, all the heads of your orders, when younger, traveled together; my father, and at times my mother, was their scout, recruited from the Guild and converted to the cause of good.  I am one of the first graduates from his school.”
“Earlier this year,” Tevvy continued, “Dad received word from Headmaster Myron that he needed someone to travel with his apprentice and others, performing the same services he performed.  Dad held a competition among his few first graduates and was extremely gratified when I won.”
“How many graduates are there?” Klare asked.
“Er,” Tevvy stammered, his face reddening again, “two, actually, although there were six of those in their final year who were allowed to compete.”
“Well,” Blakstar said sarcastically, “that makes me feel better.”
Tevvy felt his anger rise again, and he wished that he had left the kortexi back in his cell.  Delgart glared the kortexi to silence.
“The school is new,” Tevvy went on, trying to sound apologetic, “and has only been around for a decade, whereas yours have been around for several millennia.  He has managed to recruit some skilled members of the Guild to help teach us.”
“But you are straying from your story,” Delgart noted.
“Sorry,” Tevvy said, “if Sir Blakstar had not distracted me . . . ,” the kortexi snorted, and Tevvy left it hanging.
“You were chosen to come to Shigmar,” Klare said, looking daggers at Blakstar, “to become our scout.”
“Yes,” Tevvy said, “so I left home about a month ago and traveled to Shigmar.  Dad gave me a letter of introduction to Headmaster Myron, outlining my credentials.  When I arrived here, I went immediately to the school and tried to see the Headmaster, but was told by the soldier at the gate that I could not enter.  I tried several different days and times, but to no avail.”
“That is odd,” Klare said, “was it the same soldier?”
“No,” Tevvy replied, “but three different soldiers.  So I tried looking around the market and the inns, hoping to find someone who could get me in to see the Headmaster.  At one of the nicer inns, I met a well-dressed, well-groomed wethi; he had bright eyes and a bright smile, and when I entered the common room where he sat drinking very expensive wine, I felt drawn toward him.  He was dressed in the same cut of robes, although of a brown hue, matching his hair and beard, as you kailum of Shigmar wear.”
Klaybear started, then he looked at Klare, who was looking at him.  “You said his eyes were bright,” Klaybear began, “did you notice their color?” he asked Tevvy.
Tevvy nodded.  “The deepest, most brilliant blue, unforgettable really; it may have been his eyes that drew me toward him, and his smile.”
“When did you meet him?” Klare asked.
“Hmm, let’s see,” Tevvy thought, “that would have been in the evening, six days ago.  I had concluded that I should return to my father for further instructions.”
Tevvy was looking at Klaybear and saw that Klare and Klaybear were still looking at each other.  “Is it possible?” Klare asked her husband softly.
Klaybear nodded.  “I think it may be, given the direction I believe his story is going.”
“What do you mean?” Delgart asked his brother.
“It could be,” Klaybear answered slowly, “that the person you met, Tevvy, and I’m guessing he claimed to have a way of getting you in to see my master, is the same person I met in the Glade, the one who gave me these marks and corrupted my vision.”
“He did make that claim,” Tevvy agreed.  “He told me to meet him after noon on the following day, five days ago.”
“The day I was in the Glade,” Klaybear said.
“The day Blakstar was on the Mountain,” Thal added, “the day I looked into the vukeetu and rescued Delgart from the ghelem.”
“And the day,” Marilee said, “I was wounded and given the disease that deformed my face.”
“A few too many things happening on the same day to be coincidental,” Klare noted.
“Yes,” Delgart agreed, “a few too many.”  He nodded to Tevvy.  “Please continue.”
“Well,” Tevvy said, “when I met him on the following day, he . . . ,” Tevvy started but stopped, struggling to go on.
“What is wrong?” Thal asked.
“There is a confusion in my mind,” Tevvy said with difficulty.  “This is the first time I’ve actually thought about what happened . . . but . . . I’m . . . confused,” he went on, struggling to speak, but it was as if someone, or something, had a rope around his neck, pulling it tight to choke him each time he tried to think about what happened, or speak about it.  “I think we went to his room to pick up something, but then I think he led me to a house where some thugs were waiting.  They beat me up, took all my valuables, then dragged me out of town behind a horse.  I cut myself free with my hidden dagger,” his hand went mechanically to his belt, and he heard his voice go flat, sounding unlike his own, “and I rolled into the ditch where Klaybear found me later.”  He stopped again, still struggling to remember, which caused the figurative rope to tighten around his neck, caused one hand to go to his throat.  “There are flashes, though, of being in his room, and being in darkness, being touched by a fiery cloud.”
Tevvy saw that again, Klaybear looked at his wife.  Thal stood and walked around the table, past Marilee, to stand behind Tevvy’s stool.  “I think you should join me in this,” Thal said from behind Tevvy.
Klare turned to face Tevvy; Klaybear stood and moved to stand next to Thal.
Tevvy turned his head from left to right to see what the three of them were doing; he was suddenly afraid.  “What are you doing?” he asked with a slight quaver.
“We are going to look into the patterns of your mind,” Thal said, “to see if the mark is there and see if your mind has been tampered with.”
“I think it would help,” Klare said, “if we also,” she pointed to herself and her husband, “looked into your mind so that we can see what we are looking for.”
“I will observe, only,” Klaybear said, “Klare is much better at this sort of thing than I am.”
“All right,” Thal said, his voice reluctant.  Tevvy saw the two kailum close their eyes; Klare’s hands glowed green as she raised them.  Thal knelt before her.
“Do you see it, dear?” Klare asked, eyes still closed, green-glowing hands hovering above the maghi’s head.
“Yes,” Klaybear whispered, “but it is not clear.”
“No, it is hazy and dreamlike,” Klare added, “I get glimpses of a moonlit cell, two figures in shadow, and I can see nothing of either face, except that the eyes of one appear to be changing color.”  Her hands fell and her eyes opened.
“I see the eyes,” Klaybear noted, “and hear a voice that hisses.”
Klare nodded.  She looked at Thal.  “That does not tell us much, only that two were involved, and one of them was surely Gar.”  She turned to Tevvy.  “Let’s see what we find here.”
Her hands glowed again; she stood, closed her eyes and nodded to Thal.  Thal’s hands glowed white as he reached out to the awemi.
“Do you see it?” Klare asked.
“Yes,” Thal said, “but it is recent, new, overlaying rather than forming part of his mind.  We might be able to unravel it.”
“No,” Klare said, “he tied it to the patterns at levels and in places that we could not remove; we would unravel his mind.”
Thal’s cheeks colored.  “I can see what you mean, but I think that in time, if we are very careful, we could do it.”
“Maybe,” Klare said, “but I do not think now is the time to try.”
“I agree,” Thal said.  “Wait a moment,” he added suddenly, “can you see that?”
Klare gasped.  “I see it, but I’ve never heard of anything like it.  Can you see it, dear?”
“What is it?” Klaybear asked.
“What?” Tevvy asked, now frightened by what he didn’t understand but what he heard in their voices.
“A mental compulsion,” Thal said, “somehow, the person who altered the patterns managed to attach a mental string to him, enabling him to control, to some degree, as well as keep track of him.”
“Are you saying,” Marilee began, “that this person knows where he is and what we are talking about?”
“Sort of,” Thal replied, “the string looks very weak, so I would guess that the person could only get glimpses of where we are and what we say,” Thal paused.  “Klaybear, follow me with your mental eye; I think that we can trace it back to its source.”
“Is that wise?” Klaybear said.  “I think you should take Klare instead; she is better at this than I am.”
“I am aware of that fact,” Thal said, “but you are the stronger, and what I need right now is more power.  There is no time to explain.  Klare, keep an eye on Tevvy’s mind; we are going to try and sever the link.”

Chapter 18

A mental compulsion is a very subtle thing: most difficult to put into place and dangerous to remove; only the most powerful mentalic has any hope of emplacing or safely removing one, and the more subtle it is, the more difficult and dangerous to remove. . . .

from The Annals of Melbarth, Ninth Series, Early Lectures of the Hierarchs
Lecture by Sedra Melbarth

Klaybear, the word came to him as a thought.  Are you with me?
Yes, Klaybear thought back to Thal.  The eyes of his mind were sailing through the air, following the thick gray strings that led back to Tevvy and the chamber in which his body stood motionless.  There are two strings, Klaybear thought.
Yes, Thal replied, and that is why you had to come with me rather than Klare.  The second goes back, I believe, to your wife, so she must have a similar compulsion placed upon her.
I still think you should have brought her, Klaybear noted, she is much better at this than me.  I’m not sure we are strong enough, or skilled enough, to take on the servant of Gar who marked us all.  In the physical world, he took my power from me easily.
That is true, Thal thought back, but we have an advantage over him.
What advantage?
While our bodies are in the stasis chamber, he is caught in a single moment.  We are very lucky that we were in the stasis chamber, with the field activated, when we started probing around in Tevvy’s mind.  Had the door been opened he would have detected us and thwarted us in an instant, quite likely destroying us, as I do not think we are his mental equals.
He is quite powerful, Klaybear thought.
He is, I think, Gar himself.
What? Klaybear thought in sudden astonishment, then he went cold as he realized just who and what they were going toward.
I do not think that he would trust something as important as maiming and marking the chosen to any servant.  What we have seen in Tevvy, and I’m certain that what you saw in my mind, and what we might have seen in Klare’s mind, had we the time, is too subtle and complete to be anyone but Gar himself.
But you said he was frozen in a moment while we are in the chamber of stasis: why don’t we have time?
Two reasons: Klare would have been suspicious had we stopped to investigate, and Gar is powerful enough to override the field in which we reside.  In fact, he may already be realizing what we are doing, so we have to hurry.
This is crazy–he will squash us with a single thought!
That is why we must hurry.
A momentary silence followed Thal’s thought; a tight knot of fear grew inside Klaybear.
How long will it take us to get there?  We are moving very fast. Klaybear thought, trying to distract himself from the growing fear he felt.
He cannot be far away.
Klaybear looked ahead and saw they were approaching an inn in Shigmar, then a room in the inn.  The same well-dressed, well-groomed figure sat unmoving, the two red strings going into his head.  Klaybear could not be sure, but it looked as if he were beginning to frown.  They hovered over his head and saw directly into his mind; the patterns were more complex and multi-faceted than anything Klaybear could imagine.  The knot of fear he felt tightened.
Ready? Thal thought.
How can one ever be ready for this? he thought, then immediately apologized.  Sorry.   What do we do?
We must jerk the strings out, stretching them out of the fabric of his mind so that we can sever them as close to the pattern of his mind as possible, so pull and chop, as fast as you can, then hurl yourself back into your body.  He will probably break the stasis at that point and lash out at us, except I do not think he is yet aware that it is us, although he will be as soon as we strike.  There is one other thing: when we return to our bodies, both Klare and Tevvy will have fallen; the severing of the link and the unraveling of the string may cause the parts of their minds where the string was attached also to unravel.  We have to make sure, whatever happens to us, that their minds do not come apart.  It may only be a few threads in the pattern, but those few threads could radically alter both of them.  You take Klare, and I’ll take Tevvy.
I’d rather you took Klare, since you are better at this than me, and the patterns of her mind quite subtle.
No, you know her better, intimately, in fact, so you will be better able to tie things off than I.  Your knowledge of her, and of the shape of her mind, will enable you to do things I could not.  Tevvy’s mind is less subtle than hers, although equally complex, so I should have little trouble keeping his from unraveling.  Ready? Thal thought, reaching with the fingers of his mind.
Do I have any choice?  Klaybear also reached with the fingers of his mind, getting ready to grab, pull, and cut the link.
Now! Thal thought, grabbing and pulling the thick red string.  Klaybear did the same, grabbing, pulling, then, at the same instant, both cut the string with a blade of pure mental force.  Klaybear saw time leap forward for the figure sitting in the room.  Thal and Klaybear started to flee, but were hit by an explosion of anger before they could even turn.
Hold on to the string! came Thal’s frantic thought, and the severing of the string coupled with the shockwave of mental anger that crashed into Klaybear, hurled him back to the stasis chamber.  He felt the heat of Gar’s anger singe his probing mind, the impact of the shockwave threatening to extinguish his traveling thoughts.  Klaybear clung desperately to a single thought even as his mental fingers gripped the now unraveling string of compulsion: he had to prevent Klare’s mind from coming apart; she would never forgive him if he failed, and worse, he knew he could never forgive himself.
The ground of the chamber buckled beneath Klaybear, almost hurling him from his feet.  The others looked shocked, holding onto both chairs and tables as the chamber shook violently.  Klare and Tevvy were unconscious, slipping from chair and stool.  Klaybear saw Thal reeling and felt himself doing a similar dance; the maghi lurched toward the slumping awemi reaching out with both physical and mental fingers.
“Hurry!” Thal shouted, putting his hands on Tevvy’s head, “the string is beginning to unravel!”
Klaybear imitated his action, plunging his mental eye into his wife’s mind, but what he saw stunned him: all around the edges of her mind, threads of the patterns were unraveling.  He leapt to tie them off, working as quickly as he could, wishing with all his heart that it was not Klare’s mind he tried to hold together, and wishing that someone else were in his place.  Her mind was terribly complex and subtle; his mental fingers worked furiously, trying to tie off the unraveling threads, but there were too many; he could see that he was losing the race, and he felt his physical eyes growing wet, felt the tears beginning to flow down his cheeks, felt a gnawing despair clawing away at his heart, felt a sob slip from his chest.  His mental fingers slipped; he lost the threads, and before he could recapture them, that section of the pattern fell apart.
“No!” he heard himself exclaim as he fumbled to recapture and tie-off more threads, and then weaker, “no,” and he knew it was too late; he had failed: his wife’s mind was unraveling before his mental eyes, and he could not stop it.  From somewhere in the distance, he heard echoing laughter.  He felt himself collapsing into tears.
This must not be!
It was a new voice, heard with both his mind and his ears, a soft but piercing voice, and Klaybear felt his whole being awash in love.  He saw a pair of mental hands recapture the threads he had lost, re-weave them into the pattern, and tie them off.
Elker seeks to destroy the plan, the new voice stated, he must not be allowed to proceed in this manner.  She is vital to the success of the plan.  My son, Klaybear knew the voice meant him, you must not give up!  She must survive until her time, only then will the success of the plan be assured.  We will help you undo what Elker has done to her.  At these words, Klaybear saw another set of hands take hold of unraveling strings, re-weave them, and tie them off.  Then he saw a third set of hands, then a fourth, and fifth, covering all sides of Klare’s mental space, and he knew that he was the sixth.  His mental fingers returned to their work, and somehow, he re-wove a part of the patter and tied it off, moving on to another section.  The voice continued to speak.  Elker recognizes that if she is destroyed, you will not be able to succeed, the plan will fail, and all of creation will return to chaos and non-being.
A new voice spoke, a softer, although no less-powerful, more feminine compared to the first voice, which was more masculine.  They must be protected from this kind of threat, for Elker or his servants will try again.
Yes, the first voice said, and we must restore the balance.  My son, and Klaybear knew again that meant him, and all six pairs of hands continued to work.  Your mother is right, you must be protected from further threats of this kind.  This move by Elker was not unforeseen; the founders left in this place artifacts for each of my chosen.  When we finish our work, although you barely have the strength to stand, you must see that each of you puts on a pair of the artifacts, most quickly with your mate and your mouse, for Elker will try to re-establish his compulsion upon them.
We will delay him when we finish and leave you here, the second voice said.
You must also ensure, the first voice continued, that your twin brother puts his on as soon as possible.  Send the two from the younger order to him with it; your older brother must be trained by them, as he will soon lead them against the threat of Elker.  Also, give him the message for your twin that he should leave Holvar and come to Shigmar, as you will need his skills, and he will soon be without work: Elker has ensured that he will lose his position in the younger order.
Which fulfills our plan, the second voice said.
“But we are outlaws,” Klaybear heard Marilee’s voice speak aloud, and he knew the others were hearing the voices he heard in his mind, “they will execute us as soon as we arrive.”
They will not, the first voice said.
I have already seen to it, father, a third, masculine voice said, similar to the first, the Fereghen and Feragwen will see to it.
Yes, said the first.  Now we must restore the balance.  Your work here is not yet complete, although two of you will depart almost immediately.
The mouse must work, the second voice said, and ferret out a secret threat.
Remember the artifacts, the first voice said with quiet power, and seek the second key in the tomb of the greatest of your order.  But as you travel to the tomb you must flee all who would oppose you.  This will rankle Karble’s heir, but none of you must fight anyone before entering the tomb.  To do so will cause you to fail, and all of creation return to chaos and non-existence.  Karble’s heir must heal them both before sending those of the younger order back to Holvar.  Then the mouse must do his work; open the door and allow him to leave, and your beloved to heal.
Klaybear saw that the pattern of Klare’s mind had been re-woven, although subtly different; he could see the mark of evil still woven into her mind, but the re-weaving had changed it, and he could see that it would continue to change.  He could not tell what it would become, but he knew, even as he saw each pair of hands finish and disappear, it would not be the same.  He also knew, that, in time, all of their marks could be changed to become an older, more powerful symbol.
Remember, said the voice as the last pair of hands began to fade, artifacts, healing, Holvar, door, mouse.  The hands were gone; the voices were gone; Klare’s mind restored.
Klaybear sighed and sank against Klare’s chair; she was slumped onto the table.  He saw Thal leaning against Tevvy’s chair; the awemi was also slumped onto the table.  Sweat glistened on the maghi’s face, and he felt his own face slick with sweat.  He saw that the others, although their eyes were bright, looked astonished by what they had witnessed.  His eyes were drawn beyond the kortexi to a shelf behind him; white light emanated from an ornately carved chest, with the same hand-shaped indentation carved into its lid.
“Blakstar,” Klaybear said weakly, “would you get the glowing chest on the shelf behind you and bring it to the table.  I believe it contains the artifacts we all need to wear.”
Blakstar did not move; he seemed stunned.  “That was,” he stammered, “was . . . was . . . the . . . One!”
Klaybear nodded once, trying not to think about what the kortexi said.  “The chest, please.”
“That . . . was . . . ,” Blakstar continued to stammer, “the same voice . . . that . . . that . . . spoke to me . . . I saw his face in the Mountain.”
Delgart stood and went to the shelf, taking down the chest and carrying it back to the table.  “There is an inscription on the lid,” he noted, looking up at the others.
Thal moved slowly to the head of the table next to Delgart and ran his finger over the inscription.  “It reads,” he said after a moment, “verghrenum: for the chosen and their mates,” and he went on, anticipating the next question, “the word, verghrenum, means, basically, ‘thought-protector,’ so they are meant to protect our minds from Gar and his minions.”
“This must be another of the doors,” Delgart said and placed his right hand into the indentation, the lock clicked, then he opened the chest.  “There are several pairs of bracers in here,” he noted, “in green and brown leather with the crown symbol,” he added, pulling out a pair and handing them to Marilee, who, with Klaybear, had come to stand beside Delgart.  “By their size,” Delgart noted, “these must be yours, so one pair of these must be mine.”  He pulled out two larger pairs that were the same size; the only difference between them that Klaybear could see, was that the crown symbol was larger on one pair than on the other pair.  He also noticed that the pair with the smaller crown had the head of an aperu carved beneath the crown on each bracer.  Delgart first tried the pair with the smaller crown, but they would not slide onto his wrists, so he took the pair with the larger crown symbol, which slipped easily onto his wrists, and Klaybear noticed that his older brother flushed slightly as he pulled them onto his wrists; Marilee reached out and tightened and tied the laces of both, then held out her arms, so that he could do the same for her.  Delgart’s cheeks colored brightly when he saw both Klaybear and Marilee looking at the large crown symbols on his wrists, so he turned back to the chest.  He removed a pair of white leather and silver bracers, and Klaybear saw that they were embossed with the Eye of Melbarth; Delgart handed them to Thal.
“These must be yours,” Delgart said, trying to hide his embarrassment by turning quickly back to the chest.
Thal slipped them over his hands; Marilee helped him tighten and tie the laces.
“There is another, even smaller, pair of bracers,” Delgart said, “smaller and darker; the light seems to fall into this pair.”  He handed them to Marilee.  “They must be Tevvy’s.”
Thal helped Marilee strap the bracers onto the awemi’s wrists; each was embossed in the shape of the symbol on his stool.
“There is another pair,” Delgart said, taking a pair of green bracers embossed with a symbol shaped like a hand.  He handed them to his brother, who slid them onto his wrists; he held out his arms while Thal and Marilee tightened and tied the laces.
“These must be for Klare,” Delgart said, taking a pair of wide, golden-yellow bracelets from the chest, handing them to his brother.  Klaybear clasped them onto each of his wife’s wrists.
“And these,” Delgart said, holding up a pair of white and gold studded leather bracers, embossed with a symbol in the shape of a water vessel, “must be Blakstar’s.”  He turned to the kortexi, who still sat with his head bowed.  They could see tears dripping from the corners of his eyes.  Delgart slipped one of them onto Blakstar’s wrist and passed the second to Marilee, who had come back around the table; she slid it on, and both verghrenum were tied into place.
This seemed to bring the kortexi out of himself; he looked up at the others.  “I am unworthy to receive such a visit.”
Thal snorted.  “If that were true,” he said, “you would be dead, since no one who is unworthy can stand in the presence of the One.”
“That is true,” Klaybear said, “and we need you to do the next two parts of our instructions: you need to heal Tevvy and Klare.”
“But you are . . . ,” Blakstar started to say but stopped, realizing what he had to do.  He stood, wiped his eyes, and looked at the others.  “I apologize for my behavior; I am Sir Karble reborn, and should not behave this way.”
Thal started to laugh, but Klaybear dug an elbow into his ribs, and he started to cough instead.
“You have not behaved badly,” Delgart said, “there is no need to apologize.”
“But I . . . ,” the kortexi began.
Delgart stopped him.  “There is no need,” he said again.
Blakstar nodded, turned, moved around the table.  He took the special flask from his belt and unstoppered it as he approached Tevvy.  “Hold up his head,” he said.  Thal was closest, although he still coughed slightly, holding up the awemi’s head.  Blakstar opened Tevvy’s mouth and poured some of the Waters of Life in, then held his mouth closed.
Tevvy swallowed, his eyes opened suddenly, and he tried to rise.  “There is work I must do!” he exclaimed, struggling to get to his feet.
Blakstar put a hand on his shoulder, and speaking in a strong, calm voice, said, “Peace, my friend.  The Waters of Life are potent; rest a moment before you leave to do your work.”
Tevvy smiled at the kortexi; Blakstar could not resist smiling in return.  The kortexi moved to Klare.
“I think we should put her to sleep,” Blakstar said to Klaybear, “as her hurts were greater than his.”
“I had that thought,” Klaybear agreed.  He had moved his chair closer to hers and now cradled her head in his arms.
Blakstar carefully opened Klare’s mouth, pouring in some of the Waters; he closed her mouth while Klaybear stroked her neck.  She swallowed, her eyes began to flutter, and the kortexi put his free hand on her shoulder, whispering the ritual words: “Peace, the Waters of Life are potent.”
Klaybear touched her forehead and spoke the word, “supno,” sending her into a dreamless slumber.  “We should make a place to lay her down,” he said, looking around.
Delgart looked around the chamber; they had been so busy with other things that no one had taken the opportunity to examine this place. “There are doors on either end of the room,” he said, standing and moving to the door nearest.  Klaybear heard a door open.  “There are beds in here,” Delgart said.
Klaybear stood with Blakstar’s help, picking up his wife and carrying her into the side room.  Delgart helped him place her on the bed and remove the chain mail and belt she wore.  Klaybear carefully covered her with a blanket and slipped quietly from the room.  He left the door ajar, then returned to where the others waited.
“Now,” Klaybear said, “Blakstar needs to send Delgart and Marilee to Holvar with Rokwolf’s verghrenum.”
Blakstar nodded.
“Do you know where to send them?” Klaybear asked.
Blakstar nodded again.  “I think so,” he said, “at least, there is an image in my mind, that was not there before, of where I need to send them.”  He took out his sword and prepared to open a door.
Delgart went to the table and picked up the verghrenum with the crown symbol, closing the lid of the chest; he turned and swiftly embraced his brother.  “Be well, my brother.”
“And you,” Klaybear replied.
“And say goodbye to my sister, for me,” he added, a grin twisting his damaged face.
Klaybear smiled.  “I will.”
The kortexi drew a circle on the floor, the pommel stone glowing brightly, and the line burned with golden fire, then he lifted the sword point, drawing a gray, shimmering arch in the air, touching the sword’s point to the circle’s other side.  The gray, shimmering arch winked on, opening into a small room with a bed and desk, at which a wethi, who looked more like Delgart than Klaybear, sat writing.  He looked up in time to see Marilee, followed by Delgart, step through the arch.
“You are well!” he exclaimed as he stood, moving forward to embrace Marilee.
Just before the kortexi lifted his sword, they saw Rokwolf look at Delgart, saw the recognition blooming on his face, and Klaybear said, “Hail Rokwolf!  Brother!  Chosen of the One!”
Rokwolf looked into the arch and saw Klaybear.  “How?” he asked, but at the moment he spoke his question, the kortexi lifted his sword, the arch winked out, and Blakstar slumped onto the floor.
“Open the other bedroom door, Tevvy,” Klaybear said, as he and Thal went forward to lift Blakstar to his feet.  They supported him on either side as he stumbled toward the door and a bed to rest on.  He slid onto the bed; Klaybear and Thal helped him remove his belt, boots, and mail shirt, slipping his sword back into its scabbard.
“Now do you trust me?” Tevvy asked from the door.
Blakstar shrugged and went limp, his breathing becoming slow and even.
“Well,” Tevvy said, half-grinning, “I guess that will do for now.”  He closed the door after the others left the room.  “I guess it’s time for me to go to work,” he said.  “But I need a coil of rope.”
Klaybear nodded.  “And for us to open the door, as we were instructed,” he said.  He looked over to the shelf where the chest had been.  “Check the shelf,” he pointed.
Tevvy moved around the table to the shelf, bent down, and pulled a coil of rope off the bottom shelf.  He held it up for the others to see, smiling.  “They did think of everything.”
Klaybear smiled.  They moved toward the doorway out of the chamber.
“You need to be extra-careful,” Thal said, “for we have learned that we are all part of some larger plan.  I’m certain that Gar has shared your description with his minions here in Shigmar, so do not think that you will not be recognized.”
Tevvy nodded.  “I’m always careful,” he said and looked up.  “Didn’t I manage to get you out of the school dungeon?  This is easy by comparison.”  He smiled mischievously.  “Who is Elker?” he asked, suddenly thoughtful.
Klaybear shook his head.  “I do not know.”
“You do,” Thal said, as they stopped in front of the door, “that was Gar’s name originally, before he was cast into the underworld, where he shortened it to ‘Gar.’”
“I never before made that connection,” Klaybear noted.
“Which brings up another thing,” Thal began, “what will happen when we open this door?”
“Wait a minute,” Tevvy said, “if time out there has slowed, how come we saw your brother moving?  How were Delgart and Marilee able to move into his room?”
Klaybear gasped.  “You are right!” he exclaimed.  “When we went, mentally, to where Gar was, we found him frozen in time, as he should have been, but when we sent Delgart and Marilee to Rokwolf’s room in Holvar, they were able to enter physically into a space outside of this chamber.  Shouldn’t they also have been frozen in time, trapped in the act of entering Rokwolf’s room?”
Thal thought for a moment before he replied.  “I would guess that it was the sword that did it, since this power of the sword to open a doorway directly and instantly to a place far away disrupts all known laws of time and space.  The sword, in the act of opening the door, brought Rokwolf’s time stream into sync with ours, allowing them to enter his room.  I’d bet that now that the door is closed, they are caught in that moment, unable to move until we open this door.  That also means . . . ,” he started but stopped for a moment, lost in his own thoughts.
“What does it mean?” Klaybear asked.
“What?” Thal said, startled.  “Sorry, my mind wandered off.  We are about to open the door and let Tevvy go do his job.”
“And you were wondering what would happen,” Tevvy noted, “when we open this door, and then we got sidetracked into a highly theoretical discussion about time and the sword that makes no sense to me.”
“Never mind,” Thal said, “but it was you who asked the question that sidetracked our conversation.”
“Let’s just open the door and get on with it!” Tevvy exclaimed.
“All right,” Thal said, “brace yourselves.”  Thal placed his right hand into the indentation to open the door.  Again, Klaybear perceived a subliminal flash of violet light, then the door slid open.  The cavern outside the door shook and bucked, but the chamber where they stood did not move.
“Interesting,” Thal said simply, as they watched the cavern floor heave and shake, shards of stone falling to the floor.  The motion calmed, then stopped, while the dust settled more slowly.  Thal raised an eyebrow.
“Don’t try to explain,” Tevvy said before Thal could speak, “I wouldn’t understand the explanation anyway.”  He looked at them for a moment before speaking.  “I’ll be back in an hour.”  He turned and walked slowly up the ramp and disappeared from view.
Thal and Klaybear turned and moved back to the main chamber.  “What an amazing room,” Thal whispered.
“Its creation?” Klaybear asked, “or its contents?”
“Both,” Thal replied, moving toward a pedestal near the door.  “Take a look at this,” he said after a moment.  “It is the original.”
“Original what?” Klaybear asked, now joining him and looking down.
“The original prophecy,” he whispered, “and it was corrected by Shigmar,” he said, pointing, “‘Darkness and evil surround them, light guides them, rumor precedes them, destruction and disturbance follow them; choose to aid them to suffer, choose to oppose them to die,’ and notice here, at the beginning, the word is dhund, meaning ‘they will end’ the kingdom of Gar.”
“We should copy this,” Klaybear said.
“Not copy,” Thal said, “make a rubbing.  If we copy it, others could make the claim that Ghelvon did: that we altered it to hide our true intentions, since they fear us.”  He took a bit of charcoal from one of his pouches, and pulled a blank piece of parchment out of his robe.  “Help me hold this in place over the stone.”

Gar howled; flames exploded from his body as he reached out to grab the two who fled.  The room around him caught fire and started to burn; he took no notice, as he had to knit the pattern of his own mind back together before it unraveled.  He knew instantly who had done it; he also knew precisely where they were.  He started to open a doorway into the space, but he could not.  For some reason, he could not access the space, and instantly, he knew why.  Rage filled him again, exploded as flames from his body, blowing out the side of the room and inn.  He howled, and the ground shook, making the patrons of the inn who were trying to flee, and all those in Shigmar, to reel about drunkenly.  He recognized the “curse” that sent him into the underworld thwarting his desire for vengeance, hedging him up from all sides.  He howled a third time, and the inn, although made of stone, burned around him, turning in seconds to ash, burning anyone still in the inn or nearby out of existence.  As the ash collapsed, he fled in the only direction he could go, the “curse” forcing him, chasing him, tormenting him into madness, back into his prison deep underground, back to Kolu.  The few of his servants who entered his hall, especially those who did not notice his blazing anger, burned to ash in the face of his fury; the hall melted and rained fire from above, gobs of liquid, superheated stone crashing into the floor, filling the floor with holes, a floor that bucked and heaved under his feet.
After a time, his anger cooled, his sense returned, and he reached out to re-establish the compulsion set on two of the chosen, but he could not reach them; he could see them, but something prevented him from touching either of them.  One was sleeping, watched over by her mate; the other moved through the sewers of Shigmar, nearing some of his servants.  He tried to reach the other chosen, but they were each as inaccessible as the two he had previously controlled.  His anger flamed again, recognizing why he could not touch any of them.  His servants, from the least to those nearest to him fled to the farthest reaches of Kolu, knowing that the tantrums would continue for days.
When his anger cooled again, and his sense returned again, he reached out again, but not to any of the chosen, rather to one of his servants, stationed in Shigmar, working to bring another of his plans into motion.  He could still thwart them; he could still act.  He sent a warning to his servant that the enemy was watching, ordering him to act sooner than they had planned.  He could still salvage his plans from the wreck the chosen had made of them; still destroy one of them and break out of his prison when all of creation crumbled again into chaos.

THE END
of
Chosen of the One
The story continues in
The Staff of Shigmar


Glossary
*Words are listed in their singular form, followed by plural endings, feminine (if applicable) singular and plural endings; -i endings are masculine and -u endings are neuter.  The ‘g’ in ancient is always hard, as in the word ‘go’; it never becomes soft (the ‘j’ sound), regardless of the vowel (‘e’ or ‘i’) that follows; further, the vowel combinations ‘ai’ or ‘ay’ sound like the ‘y’ in ‘sky.’

Races
awemi, -em, -a, -am (ah-WAY-mee, -ehm, -ah, -ahm) sentient creatures created from the elements of earth and air, three to four feet in height, thick soled feet, with thick, curly hair growing on the tops of their feet and backs of their hands.
awi, -em (AH-wee, -ehm) sentient creatures of the realm of air, created from the element of air; this category includes uncorrupted megatrem, metal aperum, ekludem, and all uncorrupted birds.
themi, -em, -a, -am (THAY-mee, -ehm, -ah, -ahm) sentient creatures created from the element of earth, under three feet tall, broad shouldered, large hands that can dig through solid rock as if it were sand; it is believed that this race is in thrall to Gar, if any still exist.
vedi, -em, -a, -am (VAY-dee; -ehm, -ah, -ahm) sentient creatures created from the elements of water and air, over eight feet tall, thin and lithe, living deep in the forests in the tops of huge trees; this race is ruled by a council of seers and shuns all others.
wedori, -em, -a, -am (way-DOOR-ee, -ehm, -ah, -ahm) sentient creatures created from the element of water, living in the oceans, six to twelve feet in height, hands and feet elongated and webbed, heads are bulbous, large, and gilled, unable to survive outside the water.  Legend says that there are two varieties: those dwelling in the salt-water oceans, and those living in freshwater lakes, called the pludorem; however, none of the latter have ever been found, and the only evidence of their existence is in the pleugle, who are corruptions of this freshwater type.
wethi, -em, -a, -am (WAY-thee, -em, -ah, -ahm) sentient creatures created from elements of earth and water, most numerous of all the races, five to six feet in height, closest to contemporary humans.
Corruptions
*The following races were made by Gar in the beginning, by taking offspring of the previously described races and altering their fundamental natures through the addition of the elements of fire or ice.
aperu, -um (AH-pay-roo, -room) these flying reptiles are not strictly corruptions, since those who were created in the beginning, formed by the addition of precious metals to the element of air, are loyal to the One.  It is believed that Gar, before he and his followers were driven out of the presence of the One, helped to create the original pair of aperum, a male and female based on platinum; at the same time and with the help of Guengle, they created a male blue and a female red, each infused with powerful spirits of frost and fire, respectively.  From the offspring of this latter pair and with the introduction of other elements beyond fire and ice, Gar and Guengle created the colored aperum, all of which are evil (color-element-breath): orange-earth-acid, green-water-steam, yellow-air-poison gas, red-fire-fire, blue-ice-frost; three others are believed to exist, but this is only a legend drawn from the fact that there are three other elements: time, light, and Void--purple, white, and black, respectively; it is possible that these final three are the sources of their respective elements, such that these aperum do not actually exist, but are the symbolic representations of these elements.  Of the metal aperum--copper, iron, silver, gold, and platinum--all have fire breath, many times more powerful than the red, being creations of fire and air with the addition of a metal.
gheli, -em, -a, -am (GHELL-ee, -ehm, -ah, -ahm--the ‘g’ in this word is the hard sound of the word ‘go’) Gar created these small and numerous creatures from themen to which he applied the element of ice, giving their skin a bluish hue; around three feet tall, although there are reports of some as tall as four feet, able dig through stone with the same ease as a fish moves through water, they do all the manual labor and fill the lowest ranks of Gar’s armies.
krugle (KROO-gul) these giant creatures average eighteen feet in height, bearded, wielding huge double-bladed axes, have frosty white skin, and icy, blue blood; none know how Gar created these creatures; it is believed that they were created from the element of ice alone.
megatri, -em (MAY-guh-tree, -ehm) these giant creatures average twenty-four feet in height, hairless, wielding huge black-iron swords and hammers, have ruddy skin, and fiery red blood; like the krugle, it is believed they were created from the element of fire alone; they are accomplished smiths, making all the weapons and armor used by Gar’s armies.
morgle (MOR-gul) these creatures are corruptions of the wedorem through the application of the element of ice; they, unlike the wedorem, can live in or out of the water; they are the most powerful mentalics, increasing in power by consuming the brains of other creatures; they have large, bulbous heads with tentacles covering their mouths used to hold the head of a creature, punch a small hole in the victim’s skull, and consume the victim’s brain and mental power; a touch from their two-fingered hands paralyzes the victim; they are accomplished tekson, or users of the elements, rivaling the greatest maghem who have ever lived.  A sub-group of the morgle are the pleugle, smaller than the morgle and based on the freshwater version of the wedorem, living in swamps and rivers; the pleugle do not use the elements as the morgle, nor do they consume the minds of sentient creatures.
nekerpu, -um (nay-KAIR-poo, -poom) these are animated corpses, created from the dead bodies of any sentient creature through the application of both elements of fire and ice, raised from their graves and controlled by a purgle; nekerpum consume live flesh, going into a frenzy on the battlefield at their first taste of blood and tearing their enemies apart; the only way to destroy them is to disrupt the purgle who controls them.
ponkolu, -um, -a, -am (pohn-KO-loo, -oom, -ah, -ahm) the most powerful and most feared of all of Gar’s corruptions; it is believed they were created from puri-wethi crossbreeding with additional applications of the elements earth and fire; fanged and horned, around eight feet in height, with bat-like wings that enable them to fly only in the fifth dimension, rumepant; proficient in both mentalics and tekson, they have an appetite for wethem, raping any who fall into their hands.
prusai (PROO-sy) legend says that these corruptions of the awemem by the application of ice did not survive; the awemem say that it was because of the strength of their original forebears, who died rather than submit to Gar; whether this belief is true, none now know except for Gar, who is unlikely to confirm this belief, if true.
purgle (PUR-gul) these are black maghem who have sacrificed all to gain immortality by placing their essences into some object then killing their bodies in a ritual that brings them back to life without flesh and blood; they retain all the powers they had in life, with the added ability to raise and control nekerpum.
puri, -em, -a, -am (POO-ree, -ehm, -ah, -ahm) corruptions of wethem by the application of the element, fire; nearly as numerous as the ghelem, horned and fanged, their skin color ranges from whitish red of the breeders to a deep, reddish-copper.
wedateri, -em, -a, -am (way-duh-TARE-ee, -ehm, -ah, -ahm) these are corruptions of the vedem through the application of fire, although their blue skin might lead us to believe that ice was used; the two varieties of these creatures--blue and green skin colors, the green inhabiting the Mariskal--discounts this supposition; tall and powerful, they also possess the ability to regenerate quickly, although stories of new wedeterem regenerating from cut-off limbs seem to be exaggerations of fact; it is believed that the green-skinned swamp variety were failures of Gar, abandoned in the Mariskal; experts agree that the green skin of this variety shows Gar’s failure to completely corrupt the original vedem, who were based on water and air.

Orders
kailu, -um (KY-loo, -loom) order of healers founded by Shigmar, divided in the year 73 into the green and red orders when one-third of the kailum dissented over the use of certain powers, the red serving Gar while the green continued loyal to the One; the red have their home across the bay from Belford, where it is believed they perform unholy rites involving sex, sacrifice, and the creation of purgle and raising of nekerpum; some evidence suggests that there is a third division among these orders, called the genewum, or those who protect and serve the natural world, but their numbers are so small, being dissenters of the other two, that they are seen as a sub-group rather than their own order; primary attributes of this order are wisdom and compassion.  The green order is led by a ruling council of five masters from the school, chosen from the mekala, an assembly of all green kailum, with the school’s headmaster as the sixth member and leader of the council; all kailum are accomplished tekson.
kortexi, -em (kore-TEKS-ee, -ehm) order of fighters founded by Karble, dedicated to following the One and protecting the weak and innocent; this order follows a strict code of conduct, with especially rigid rules involving relations with wetham; primary attributes of this order are strength, stamina, and prowess in battle.  The leader of this order, called the Wesento, is chosen from the most senior and experienced of the order.
maghi, -em (MAHG-ee, -ehm--again, the ‘g’ of ‘go’) order of sorcerers founded by Melbarth, divided in the year 67 into the white and black when one-half of the maghem dissented concerning the raw use of the Void; the black became servants of Gar and made their home in Eklor; rumor has it that the cape upon which their home is located was shattered by the misuse of the raw Void in the year 1134; a third division occurred around the year 700, when many dissented from the black, believing the order had become too much the creature of Gar, giving them little freedom to act; this group formed the gray order, called the methaghem, who wished to be independent; their first home was in Metarb, at the edge of the Thruplar and the Reuthowen; later, when their numbers increased, they expanded to Mestoimo, and island in the Inner Sea, and Methpag on an island in Misty Lake; primary attributes of this order are logic and intellect.  The white order is ruled by a council of ten hierarchs, with a chair and eleventh member, called the sedra.  All maghem are accomplished tekson.
seklesi, -em, -a, -am (say-KLESS-ee, -ehm, -ah, -ahm) order of soldiers and rangers, founded by Shigmar, Karble, and Melbarth in the year 39, when the three realized that Gar would conquer them one by one if they did not unite all three of their orders into one; this order was created to patrol and protect the land, with six regular legions and one elite legion, who protect the Fereghen and Feragwen; the first three legions, along with the elite legion, remain in Holvar at all times; the last three legions are spread throughout the land on patrol, rotating in and out of Holvar every six weeks; another legion, called the Sea Legion, patrols the waters; a further legion, the Training Legion, are those studying to become seklesem and are housed in Holvar; a Seventh Legion, called the gwenakso and formed of the very best seklesem, can be formed by the Feragwen during times of great difficulties; however, it has been several centuries since this legion was organized, so it has become part of seklesi legend.

Elements
earth colored orange
water colored green
air colored yellow
fire colored red
ice colored blue
time colored purple
light colored white 
Void colored black

Money
ayesu, -um (aye-YEH-soo) copper, smallest coin, twenty-five to an argentu, one hundred to a ghelwu.
argentu, -um (ar-GEHN-too) silver, middle-sized coin, four to a ghelwu.
ghelwu, -um (GEL-woo) gold, larger-sized coin, twenty to a platu, at current rates.
platu, -um (PLAH-too) platinum, largest coin, very rare and extremely valuable, few, if any, are in circulation.

Dictionary
ansu (AHN-soo) a spirit, detached from a physical body; some believe an ansu can inhabit a person’s body and control it, but only a kwalu is capable of actual possession; see kwalu, below.
atno (AHT-noh) year, in the year, referring to a particular point or time in history; e.g., the twin brothers Rokwolf and Klaybear were born in the year 3500, referenced simply as Atno 3500, the Great Year is Atno 3524, both according to the standard reckoning of the Fereghen.
Avril (AHV-ril) kailu Master of Healing, responsible for running the Infirmary, member of the ruling council of Shigmar; name means ‘white running stream,’ i.e., ‘whitewater rapids.’
Blekan (BLAY-kahn) Klarissa’s father; name means ‘strong singer’
Demansa (day-MAHN-sah) one of a pair of ponkola sisters, favorites of Gar, sister of Rupansa, name means ‘the she-demon’.
ekludi, -em (eh-KLOO-dee) intelligent, power-wielding creature of the elemental realm of air; larger than the horse, with a pair of horns; communicates through mind-speech; this creature never touches the ground but floats through the air.
Elker (EL-kayr) rebel son of The One, see Gar.
Elos (AY-lohs) loyal son of the One through whom He acts.
Feragwen (FAY-rah-gwehn) female leader of the seklesem and joint ruler of all the land, joined to the Fereghren; title means ‘high queen.’
Fereghen (FAY-ray-ghen) male leader of the seklesem and joint ruler of all the land, joined to the Feragwen; title means ‘high king.’
Gar (gahr) Lord of Evil, fallen son of the One, cast with his followers into the underworld for rebellion; formerly named Elker.
Ghelvon (GHEL-vahn) kailu Master of Battle, member of the ruling council of Shigmar; name means ‘to make oneself ready to shine.’
Ghreis Prokarts (grace PROH-karts) kailu Master of Soldiers, chief commander of the soldiers protecting Shigmar, member of the ruling council of Shigmar; name means ‘strength from annointing.’
Guengle (GWEHN-gul) the name means ‘woman of cold’; she is the ruler of ice who aided Gar in the beginning before they had a falling out with each other; unlike Gar, she was not driven out for rebellion, but she, with her followers, left the presence of the One to rule her own realm; she helped create all the corruptions that include ice.
kara, -am (KAH-rah) prostitute, whore, female slaves kept by red kailum
karasun (KAH-rah-soon) a curse word that literally means ‘son, or daughter, of a whore.’
Karble (KAR-bul) first and greatest kortexi, founded the order of the kortexem; his name means ‘bold strength’
kelnan-ditistas (KELL-nahn-DEE-tee-stahs) the word means, literally, ‘the room of stopped time’; space created in which time outside of the room can be slowed almost to a stop.
kerono, -em (kay-ROH-no) creature between the ekludi and the horse, with a single horn and very rare; the few still living are watched over by the vedem, deep in the forest; they are considered holy creatures by the vedem, who believe they are fallen ekludem, and considered to be symbols of beauty, colored gold or white.
kerteradi, -em (kare-tare-RAH-dee) name given by the servants of Gar to those of good orders who sell out to Gar; the name carries the sense of ‘traitor’; these converted servants of Gar are not trusted by other servants.
klitodweri, -em (klee-TOHD-way-ree) scout order organized by Tevvy’s father; the name means ‘one who listens at doors’; these are ‘thieves’ who serve the One and the orders of good.
Kolu (KOH-loo) the underworld where Gar and his followers dwell; served as a prison for them after they were cast out for rebellion.
kwalu, -um (KWAH-loo) servants of Gar who possess and control the bodies of others.
Leukila (loo-KEE-la) Klarissa’s mother; name means ‘bright one’
magluku (mah-GLOO-koo) a globe of light, powered by the light element.
Magsamel (MAHG-sah-mell) title given to the ruler of the red kailum; name means ‘the greatest one’
Malkonik (mal-KOHN-ik) apprentice to Master Ghelvon, name means ‘the ill-hung hinge.’
mekala (may-KAH-lah) the greater council of the green kailum, sometimes called the ‘full assembly’, which consists of all kailum who gather to Shigmar to hear and decide on matters that concern the order, e.g., to choose a new headmaster for the school.  A full initiate of the order can only be judged and sentenced by the mekala whereas matters of discipline involving apprentices are judged and sentenced by the ruling council alone.
Melbarth (MEL-barth) founder of the white maghi order, he was the first sedra of the white maghi order, his name means either ‘soft beard’ or ‘strong ax’, none are sure which, although his followers argue for the latter.
methaghi, -em (meh-THAH-gee) the gray sorcerers; those who refuse to choose good or evil, but instead prefer an equal balance between the two cosmic forces.
montista (mohn-TEE-stah) stone of power into which the Wesento, leader of the kortexem, looks to see the future of the initiate before he leaves to ascend the Mountain of Vision.
Monti-stethreu (MOHN-ti-STEH-thray-oo) range of mountains running east-west through the north, translated as ‘Mountains of the Fallen Star.’
Morokolu (moh-ROH-koh-loo) at the center of the Mariskal, home of the morgle, Motodu; an ancient, sunken fortress; name means ‘great dome.’
Motodu (moh-TOH-doo) powerful morgle inhabiting Morokolu who steals, with the aid of Gar, the Rod of Melbarth; name means ‘mind eater.’
Myron (MY-rohn) Headmaster of the kailu school, Master of the Arcane Arts, leader of the ruling council of Shigmar; name means ‘the eagle of timely news.’
negumflu, -um (nay-GOOM-floo) reptiles believed to be the ancient ancestors of the aperum, inhabiting the waters of the Mariskal; similar to but larger than, and more vicious than, our alligator.
Nekerp (NAY-kerp) ‘Death Harvester’ Lord of the Dead who takes spirits from life into the land of the dead; to become a purgle, the maghi or kailu sacrifices his or her life essence to this demigod, for it is through his authority and power that the purgle raises corpses to become nekerpum.
The One supreme deity, ruler of the universe and father of all
Orkegan (or-KAY-gahn) evil lord of the air and servant of Gar who claims to rule this elemental realm.
orthek, -s (OHR-thehk) the act of working or weaving elemental forces into a single focus or action using a word or phrase from ancient; for example, when a kailu or maghi produces a light using the word magluku as the focus point of the elemental forces, in this case, light, to provide illumination, and time, to keep it operating through time.
Paaki (pay-AH-kee) leader of the ekludi guarding the Mountain of Vision; name means ‘sharp protector.’
Rebeth (RAY-behth) Klaybear’s friend and fellow apprentice, intended of Sutugno; name means ‘to trust again.’
rumepant (ROO-may-pahnt) the dimension beyond space and time through which those who travel from one place to another by teleportation; all places within this realm are an equal distance apart, roughly one hour of time.
Rupansa (roo-PAHN-sah) one of a pair of ponkola sisters, favorites of Gar; sister of Demansa, name means ‘the ripping demon.’
sedra (SEH-drah) leader of the council of Melbarth, name means, simply, ‘chair.’
Shigmar (SHIG-mar) founder and first leader of the order of kailum; his name means ‘fashioner of writing,’ which is a ‘scribe.’
skrufoti (skroo-FOH-tee) shrub native to the Wolpoti Swamp with bright red berries that are used to make a poison; name means ‘poison shrub.’
Storga Keney (STOHR-gah KAY-nee) kailu Mistress of Novices, responsible for the female novices, wife of Wegex Deruney, member of the ruling council of Shigmar; name means ‘hard youth.’
Sutugno (suh-TUHG-no) Klare’s best friend and green kailu apprentice; name means ‘full friend.’
teka (TAY-kah) the art of working with or weaving elemental forces as practiced by the orders of kailum and maghem.
tekson (TEHX-sohn) one who works with or weaves elemental forces, i.e., a kailu or maghi.
tengle (TEHN-gul) frostbox, small, elementally enhanced cabinet used to keep food cold, using both ice and time elements.
texarti, -em(rare) (teks-AR-tee) web of power that surrounds the victim and allows the maghi to torment and control the victim, powered by air, water, and fire elements.
vukeetu (voo-KEE-too) globe of elemental forces that gives the maghi a glimpse into his or her own future.
Wegex Deruney (WAY-ghehx day-ROO-nee) kailu Master of Novices, responsible for the male novices, husband of Storga Keney, member of the ruling council of Shigmar; name means ‘lively and steadfast tree.’
Wesento (way-SEHN-toh) title/name of the leader and master of the kortexem, chosen from the oldest and most experienced of the order by a vote of the senior kortexem; he serves until his death.

Fokortheku: Book of Ortheks
*To pronounce the following words from ancient: all consonants and vowels are spoken; the vowels sound like the vowels of a European language, other than English:
‘a’ like ‘father’
‘e’ like ‘pay’
‘i’ like ‘sea’
‘o’ like ‘go’
‘u’ like ‘glue’
The accent on the word is on the second to last syllable in two syllable words, third to the last syllable in words with three or more syllables.
entos word of power used to pass instantly between two telepads exclusively connected to each other without entering rumepant.
esuleuki-donu-bagso ties the aura against evil to the kortexi receiving it, enabling it to increase in power as the kortexi increases in experience; adds element of time.
ghwergheusum causes a blast of hurricane force wind; powered by air and Void.
kelnes-stelni causes a dome of protection, obscuring those within from prying eyes and listening ears to keep conversations private; powered by light, time, and Void.
kresko causes the rod of the maghi to grow, or increase length; can be used on other objects; powered by water and earth.
neki word used to cancel an active orthek, literally meaning, ‘not it’; instantly stops the flow of elemental forces.
nemfa-ditistas causes, in this case, a field that virtually stops the flow of time; powered by time and Void.
nemfa-ghelwo-kontra-duswektem special aura given to kortexem after ascending the Mountain of Vision; creates an aura that repels evil; powered by light and air.
perepod-(person) elemental device created by Hierarch Kalamar and Headmaster Myron to signal one another over long distances in seconds; the command word used is remelek; powered by time, light, and Void.
podstolon causes a root or branch on the ground to rise up suddenly and trip an opponent; powered by earth and water.
rumandu word of command that will move things or open doors from a distance; powered by the element of air.
steighud-me levitation orthek, in this case meaning, “lift me”; powered by air.
	-ko “lift him or her”
	-nes “lift us”
	-todhilum “lift that thing/object”
supno causes the person or persons targeted to fall into a deep sleep, not waking until the orthek is canceled; powered by water and air.
texarti web of power used to control the physical actions and torture the person controlled; powered by fire and Void.
verame-torekwe-rumepant-ad(location or name of telepad) teleportation orthek--‘carry me through rumepant to (place); teleportation takes one hour of travel through rumepant; powered by time, light, and Void; substitute the following endings depending on how many are teleporting:
	-me ‘carry me’
	-ko ‘carry him or her’
	-nes ‘carry us’
	-taint ‘carry them’
vukeetu globe that gives maghem a glimpse of their futures; powered by the elements of time, light, and Void.

Symbol of the Kortexem


Symbol of the Green Kailum


Symbol of Ancient Seklesem


Symbol of the White Maghem


Symbol of Klitodwerem











World Map: West

