

Chrysalis
The Awakening


M.L. Lacy

Copyright © by M.L. Lacy 


Published at Smashwords


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Special Dedication
Mikki, thanks for the push.
THE SPRING 2010 WRITTEN ART AWARDS WINNER
FICTION: SCIENCE FICTION/FANTASY

Reviewed by RebeccasReads (6/09) "Chrysalis - The Awakening” by M.L. Lacy is one of the best novels I have read in quite a while. In this Book 1 version of "Chrysalis—The Awakening," Lacy brings to life the coming together of Magicals, Vampires and even a few Werewolves. The Magicals are a lovely, enchanting mixture of sorceresses and humans.” 
Quill says: “Fantasy lovers who enjoy stories that offer depth, intrigue and adventures that move between our world and an imaginative magical world, should check out this series!”
Reviewed by Reader Views (6/09) “M.L. Lacy has written a powerful fantasy novel with “Chrysalis: The Awakening.” Incorporating a variety of magical elements into her story makes it a very enjoyable escape. Underlying the drama of having to save the world, there is also a deeper theme for the heroine. Bree’s human experiences have taught her to value her humanity. Even as she is beginning the process of becoming a very powerful immortal, a Chosen One, Bree still has to reconcile her human values with her new understanding of immortal values. I found this aspect of the story to be extremely interesting and well written. I truly enjoyed this novel and highly recommend it. I look forward to reading the continuing series.”
Chrysalis: The Awakening (G. A. Bixler (5/09) “Book 1 of a new series by M. L. Lacy, Chrysalis: The Awakening, is an intriguing addition to the fantasy genre. With nearly 600 pages, that read very easily and quickly, I highly recommend you start this series right now, as Bree awakens! Hey, everybody needs a little magic in their lives—you know, clans of vampires, a few werewolves, a giant or two, witches, elves, and wizards—Oh My! Seriously, readers, if you love fantasy, then you will indeed enjoy Chrysalis: The Awakening by M. L. Lacy!” 
Chapter 1


Europe—Late 1400s

Samuel Woodburn stood quietly in front of the slate board and studied the scroll he held against the symbols drawn on the board. His brow creased with concern as he stepped toward the board and transferred the part of the scroll he held in his right hand to his left, picked up the dust cloth and wiped a small portion off one of the symbols. He stepped back, opened the scroll again, and reviewed the correction.
The fine-grained, white limestone stick that wrote the symbols on the board floated toward that symbol and examined the change. The chalk moved back so it could scan the entire writing surface, then moved toward the markings at the beginning and bobbed along while it studied the writings it so meticulously drew. 
Samuel glanced up and watched the chalk’s inspection. “It is fine. Mistakes happen.”
As the chalk turned toward him, a small amount of white dust sprayed into the air at Samuel’s insinuation that it had made a mistake. From the first days of Samuel’s studies at Elbridge, the chalk had always drawn perfect characters. Its accuracy was phenomenal, even when Samuel misspoke the ancient text, which he’d done a time or two in his earlier days. Now to imply it had drawn incorrectly was an insult, and the chalk floated toward the far corner of the board to sulk.
Samuel shook his head at the momentary distraction and refocused on the scroll. It was imperative his translation was accurate. Even the slightest misplacement of a word could change its meaning, and this prophecy was critical. Never had he worried over translations the way he worried over this one—and with over two thousand prophecy conversions under his sash from this planet alone, that said something. However, in the end, he knew he would get it right—he was Samuel Woodburn, the realm’s greatest linguist. He had won awards, he had been the only one of their realm to translate every dialect from every planet they have ever lived on, and he was confident—worried, but confident—that he would translate this prophecy correctly.
He lowered the scroll to begin his readings and glanced down the board at the chalk, prepared to tell it he was ready to begin again, when he saw the calcite stick drawing stick figures on the slate. He rolled his eyes in amusement, and with a wave of his hand, a soft, gray brush wiped the doodles away. A smile spread across his lips in his bid to make amends. “Your drawings are far more advanced than that, my friend. We have work to do now and I cannot do it without your help.” 
The chalk, satisfied with the apology, moved into position and once again Samuel spoke in the ancient dialect, and the chalk continued its duty—drawing the emblems on the slate that spoke of the prophecy of the last Chosen One. 
The door to the linguistics room opened, and the chalk stopped its drawings, which caused Samuel to glance up from his readings. When he spied who belonged to the footfalls, he chuckled. “Maxwell,” he said in an amiable tone. “What has brought you down here? Curiosity?”
Maxwell Stone strode to the front of the room. With one hand thrust into the pocket of the gray wool robes he wore, his other swung with his stride. “Ah Samuel, you know me. This has always interested me. The way your group unravels the prophecies, rewrites them, so even the commoners can understand.” He picked up a book that lay on the long table, viewed the cover, then returned it to its original spot. His eyes turned serious, and he motioned toward the young steward who worked to light the ancient orbs they used to illuminate the room. 
Samuel called over his shoulder to his steward, “Kenneth that is fine. Go and round up the scribes. Tell them we will begin in five minutes.” He turned back toward the slate board and viewed the writings, checking them against the scroll, waiting on the door behind him to close. He ignored his friend until the sound of the soft click met his ears. 
“All right, Maxwell, what is the problem?” 
“No problem. I wanted to sit in on this session.”
Samuel chuckled. He rolled up the scroll, tossed it on his desk, glanced back at his friend and shook his head in disbelief at his reason. He moved from behind his desk and walked beside the long table, snapping his fingers to make the writing tablets, ink and quills appear. 
“Come now, you expect me to believe you had me send my steward away so you could tell me you wanted to sit in?” He angled his chin at his old friend. “Out with it.”
Maxwell looked at him, and a smile creased his lips. “Nervous?” 
“What, over this?” Samuel huffed a laugh. “It is what I do. I am a linguist. I translate the old languages. I have twenty of the best working for me. We will get it right. This one is not any different than the ones that came before it,” he said with confidence.
“Ah, but it is important.” Maxwell drew nearer to him, the concern in his voice apparent. “All the others were simple, really. We knew the stories about the twenty-four Chosen Ones being born to protect us from ourselves,” he nervously chuckled. “But this one is about the last Chosen One. It has to have you worried. Have you translated it yet?” 
Samuel exhaled slowly. “Yes, I have. The Chosen One that lives this life is going to have a very heavy task. I want my scribes to verify my findings, but if I am correct, this last Chosen One...if she lives...will be our queen. She will sit on the Elders’ throne.” He gazed toward the closed oak doors and let his thoughts wander. “We have not even found the Elders’ throne room, so...” with a shrug, he turned his attention back at his friend and continued, “Anyway, she will guide our world with her sisters—those that still exist. We know from the earlier transcriptions not all of the Chosen Ones will survive, so those that remain will help her...somehow. She will rule in a place called “the Americas,” and she will right the wrongs of many paths. Many attempts will be made on her life, and if she lives...” his eyes narrowed in thought before he said, “she will bond to a member of the Fourth House. She will strengthen his clan, and he will strengthen her—after she has crossed into the magical realm. I have no idea what this “Fourth House” is, or when it will come into existence, or how he, this...fellow, could even strengthen her. The prophecy says she will be more powerful than any who walked before her. She will only be allowed seven companions, and she will know them by their hue…and before you ask, I have no idea what that means.” He shook his head, shrugged, and continued with his task of placing the writing tools and tablets on the tables. “I guess being queen does not grant you every privilege, but the prophecy goes on to say she will be loved by many, she will be fair, and she will have many enemies. The writings end with, 'To live, she must transform. To lead, she must transform. For corrupt Houses to fall, she must transform. Only then, can she be bitten.’”
Maxwell shook his head while he watched Samuel finish clicking his fingers at the last station. “What, in all of creation, are you doing? Why are you still using these archaic writing devices? Where is your imagination?” He snapped his fingers, and a sleek, futuristic machine appeared on the table. He pressed a button on the top of the machine and the lid slowly opened, a musical tone played, and a sexy woman’s voice sounded. 
“Good Morning, Maxwell.” 
Maxwell grinned and flexed his eyebrows. “Work with this.” 
Samuel grinned back, clapped his hands, and the machine disappeared. “You know the rules. We use nothing in this world before the humans have invented it. Besides, I like to translate the old-fashioned way. I think better, and nothing has been invented in this world that beats a quill and parchment—yet!”
“I know, I know. The Alliance has kept on us to be careful. The prophecy was very clear when we could invent things here. You know, out of all the worlds we could have chosen to go to, this is one of the slowest races! It is going to take forever to bring this world up to speed with all the other worlds we have lived on.”
“I remember that prophecy. It took us nearly three years to translate it all. That was the only prophecy from that seer, too; but so far he saw everything right.” Samuel laughed at his old friend. “Look, you worry about inventing things in this world and let me worry about the prophecies.” He turned toward the doors as they opened and his scribes entered, then looked back at Maxwell. “Stay awhile and watch. This should be interesting.”
***
Samuel stood at the front of the room and greeted a few of his team while they took their seats in the front. Maxwell shuffled toward the back and took a seat in the corner. 
“All right, settle down everyone.” Samuel patted the air, motioning for silence. “Today, we have a very important task. This is a very ancient prophecy,” he motioned toward the slate board, “and it is very important we get it right. Therefore, instead of breaking into groups and working on separate projects, I want us all focusing on this. I will give you about ten minutes to look it over and form your thoughts, and then we will begin.”
“Sir?” a young woman in the back spoke up.
“Yes, ah...Rachel is it?” he frowned, not sure of her name. 
“Have you translated it?” She smiled brightly at him.
“Ah, yes...yes, I have. I...because this is such an important prophecy, I want to ensure my findings are correct.” He looked around the room at everyone. “Any other questions?” After several shook their heads, he instructed them to begin. 
Several quills dipped themselves in the ink and wrote while their owners stared at the board in deep concentration, while others wrote the old-fashioned way. With quill in hand, they dipped the tip in the ink, then gently tapped the excess off, and jotted their notes across the parchment. Some changed their minds, tore their parchment up, and began again. 
After the allotted time had passed, Samuel cleared his throat. “All right, any thoughts?” He waited, his arms spread, beckoning input. “Anyone?”
The same young woman slowly raised her hand. “Sir?”
Samuel looked toward the back of the room with encouragement. “Yes, Rachel.”
“There are no rhymes to this one.”
He smiled. “Go on.”
“Well, it tells of the birth of the last Chosen One...”
***
Maxwell sat back and listened while the scribes worked through the process of translating the ancient words. He grinned, realizing his friend had successfully translated the old text, but his expression soon turned to concern when he heard the words of warning. 
If this Chosen One failed to cross or failed in her path, the human and the magical realms would cease to exist. He sat rigidly still and struggled with his thoughts. Complete annihilation! The gateway that brought us here will not appear again to take us to another world! I cannot even begin to envision this! He gave a silent prayer. I hope to all that is powerful...this Chosen One never has to be born!
Chapter 2


On a Rocky Outcrop on the Dakota Prairie 
Mid-October 1975

Darkness loomed over the Dakota prairie. The sky, covered by heavy clouds, left a void of stars and moonlight, but the messenger made his way along the animal trail toward the rocky ledge he’d visited many times, with his eyes and ears on constant alert. 
Her protectors may be aware of the sisters, he thought. The walk was longer than he remembered. Whew, must be getting old! He wiped the perspiration with the back of his hand. One more turn. 
Several small stones slid down the hill crossing his path and he paused. His eyes darted toward the sky and searched for shadows. Damn, must be one of the sisters...I hope anyway. 
 Sure-footed, he continued into the darkness. Cautiously, his hand felt along the side of the hill, steadying him along the narrow path. Almost there, he comforted, almost.
He stopped at the end of the trail and faced the smooth wall of stone that stood closed before him. “Damn, why is it closed? I thought they were expecting me.” 
He sat on a large boulder to catch his breath, and looked out over the expanse. He could only imagine the view. He’d never visited in the daylight because the sisters slept then. He hated coming here in the dark. He couldn’t use magic to light his way, he could only feel his way up the slope, and he truly hated it. 
His ears pressed to hear any sound, but the darkness seem to have swallowed everything. Suddenly, off to his left, he heard the quiet rain of dirt giving way down the slope. His head jerked in the direction his ears told him and he heard more rocks tumble down the hill, then silence. He moved off the path and pressed himself into the hill, trying to fold into the darkness as he waited. “Where the hell are they?” he whispered to himself.
“I’m right here, you idiot,” the old woman said in a low tone, causing him to jump. Her cackle echoed in the stillness. 
The owl that stood vigil in the trees took flight, but her perfect vision followed the owl as it swooped and swerved, and at the right moment, she whispered words under her breath and the owl fell to the ground, dead. “Dinner.” She held her hand out and the dead owl floated to her. “Owl stew,” she said, turning toward him. “Ever had it?” 
Nervously he answered, “No, ma’am.” 
By the sound of her voice, he knew Isadora stood close to him. She was a fat, squatty little woman with gray hair she always wore in a tight bun, and round-rimmed glasses perched precariously on the tip of her nose. Isadora championed the Chosen Ones. She relished with pride whenever one was born, whenever a Chosen One succeeded in stopping evil from progressing and taking hold in the magical and human realms; unlike her twin sister, Esadora, who opposed them. Esadora rejoiced when a Chosen One’s attempts to rid either realm of evil failed. 
Isadora and Esadora were identical twins, and the only way you could tell them apart was by the moles on their faces. Isadora’s mole was on her right cheek, while Esadora’s was on her left. 
Their older sister Lenora, was a tall, willowy, pencil-faced woman. She was neither pro nor con with regard to the Chosen Ones. The prophecies were the prophecies, and she took them in stride. 
All three women had their druthers, but none of them would ever interfere with a prophecy, and they were not at all partial to anyone who dared tamper with them. They could be very ruthless in their assaults on those that did, and that’s why he didn’t trust them, or like them—he truly feared them. 
He had heard the stories and seen the human bones scattered about the outside of their prairie dwelling. At least when his queen, Esmeralda, wasn’t happy, she killed you, she didn’t eat you. He feared these three sisters more than he feared his queen, and that was saying a lot. 
“Pity, it’s very good.” 
He hoped by the lightness in her voice that she would be forthcoming with information, and he imagined a smile on her face…but he couldn’t see in this blackness, he could only imagine. Then, just as quickly, her voice turned harsh, and his nervousness heightened.
“Why have you come?” 
“I’ve come to check...the progress. Has the child been...born?” he stammered. 
“Oh.” Her laugh was a deep, low hiss. “Oh, yes, she has been born and she will be powerful. The Elders are deep-rooted within her. Her intended’s love will be very strong. She will have many loves, but his—his is a love that will run deep into her soul, and her love will run deep into his.” Her wicked smiled spread across her lips as she sensed his fear. “Yes, you should fear this one.”
“Is there any chance we can destroy her before she crosses? Before she crosses to the magical realm?” he asked, hoping to take back to his queen any information that might save his neck.
“There is always a chance, but I pity the eternal soul of any magical that harms the child before her time. Oh, yes, I pity your soul.” 
He felt her press her fat finger against his chest and hoped she was trying to make a point, not trying to see how tender he might be as a meal. He swallowed hard. “What of this ‘chance?’” 
“We saw three humans attempt to do her great harm. The visions are still unclear as to whether they will succeed or not, as many paths lead to a dead-end. You need to view all from our crystals. Come inside and see.” 
He did not want to go, but he needed the information. She began her message to him with the rhymes he’d grown to hate in the many visits he’d made here.
“Come inside and see. Things are not always as they seem. This Chosen One is strong, should you doubt her, you’d be wrong.” She laughed a sinister laugh as she continued in her childlike rhyme. “Come with me, take my hand, and let me show you what I can. Your eyes will see, you will learn, this Chosen One, she will be stern. And you will see when said and done, the power of this Chosen One.” 
Her laugh echoed into the night as he followed her deep into her prairie dwelling. He didn’t want to obey, but he had no choice as she coaxed him toward her lodgings with her singsong voice. “Come with me, little man, come and learn what you can. Then run and tell your self-imposed queen.” She wickedly laughed. “Tell her, it is as it was written, the last and strongest Chosen One has risen.” 
“Does this Chosen One...has she been named?” he asked. 
“Yessss,” she hissed. “It’s a sweet name, but a strong name. Aubrey Marie.”

October 1975
The messenger entered the poorly lit room of the castle to wait for his queen, Esmeralda, to arrive. He shivered and drew his cloak around him. The room was cool, but not enough to make him shiver; it was his nerves that caused the involuntary tremors. 
He’d retrieved the information she’d requested and he knew she wouldn’t be happy. He didn’t want to be the one to tell her, but delivering bad messages as well as good ones came with the job. He was required to keep her informed, but he didn’t want to end up like the last messenger—dead—because she didn’t like the message. He began pacing, thinking of how he should tell her that the last Chosen One had arrived, and that she would be more powerful than Esmeralda, have more followers than Esmeralda, and this Chosen One, would indeed, be loved by many more than Esmeralda.
He would tell her a child born free of magic to the Coven of the United House of Three had taken place during the blood moon phase, when the spirit and earthly worlds’ paths crossed at their closest point to each other. The family lineage descended from Merlin, and the Druid magic filled her spirits. The child would be very powerful, just as the prophecy foretold. Simple enough, he thought. She shouldn’t get angry at that.
He would remind her the child’s family would take great measures to ensure her safety, and it would be difficult to harm her. The child’s transformation from human to magical might kill her, but if she lived, she would be a tremendous threat to Esmeralda’s plans. “Our plans,” he chastised himself. “I must keep that thought in my head. Our plans!”
He took his handkerchief out of his breast pocket and wiped his forehead. His hands shook and he tried to swallow his nerves, but his mouth refused his throat any moisture. I must not let my thoughts betray me. She is cunning. She is an expert when it comes to reading others' minds. She will most certainly snoop through mine and if I appear weak, it could be my end. 
He calmed down and slowed his pacing, continuing to go over in his mind the message he needed to convey to her.
He would tell her the seers saw several scenarios of an end to the life of the Chosen One—one being that the child may die during her crossing, as a result of events she will experience in her young life that may weaken her.
He would also tell her of the plans they’d laid out. Since no one from the magical realm could harm the child until the age of twenty-five—nor could she know anything about this realm until that time—they planned to use humans to kill her.
They’d used humans before to aid their causes, and the seers saw three new faces that do her great harm. That should surely please her. She could then say she had no hand in the death of the Chosen One. Esmeralda could even mourn publicly. She is such a good actress. Everyone would believe the death of the Chosen One was very upsetting to her. She may even gain more followers.
The door to the chamber opened and he spun around. 
“My lady,” he cleared his throat. “I didn’t hear you enter. I was thinking of...our plans. Please forgive me.” He tried his best to keep his voice calm.
“What news do you have for me?” Esmeralda spoke in a relaxed, dispassionate manner as she sat in one of the leather wingback chairs and crossed her legs, exposing her thigh through the slit in her gown. Her arm rested on the chair, and as she leaned to the side, her low-cut dress gave him a perfect view of her ample breast. Her strawberry blond hair hung in long, soft curls over her shoulders. Her angelic face and bright violet eyes gave a false sense of security, because those eyes could turn from angelic to horrifyingly scary in only a fraction of a second if she didn’t like what she heard. 
She smiled at him and asked, “Has the child been born?” 
“Yes, to the family. She is powerless and plain, totally human, as foretold.” 
“So, an ugly baby, then?” she asked.
“Aren’t all babies odd-looking, my lady?” Perspiration peppered his forehead. “She is no different than any other baby. Her features are small and she is a quiet child. She doesn’t cry much. Her eyes are brown.” He did his best to voice his answers with a strong, even tone.
“All the Chosen Ones have brown eyes,” she grumbled. “Let’s see if we can make this quiet child cry.” She raised her eyebrows as she spoke. “Does it have a name?”
“Yes, my lady. Her name is Aubrey Marie.” 
“Odd name for a Chosen One, don’t you think?” She wasn’t looking for his answer as she picked a small piece of lint off the arm of the chair. “Not a very royal-sounding name.” She looked straight at him and sneered. “No matter. She will never sit on the throne, nor will she sit on the Council…and she will never lead.” 
She continued to watch him, reading his body language. Her lips slowly curled into a snarl, and her brow creased, turning her beautiful features hard. “Does the Fourth House know?” 
“Not yet, but soon. And once her intended is made aware, he will play a part in her protection and he, with two other males of the clan, along with the males of her family, will make formidable opponents, just as the prophecy said. The seers say his love for her will be strong.” 
“I want her dead. You do understand that, don’t you?” she hissed. Lightning flashed and her violet eyes brightened with the sudden burst of light in the room. 
“Yes, my lady. Perfectly.” 
“Good. I’m sure her family is fawning over their precious little bundle of joy. Let them. When she is dead, their misery will make my victory that much sweeter.” She examined her fingernails as she pouted her thoughts. The news of the child’s birth seeped into her reality. She needed to deal with this now, and dealing with it would slow her plans to dominate the world.
He breathed a little easier, and there was more confidence in his voice as he continued to talk of their plans. 
“We have made several plans. Our best people are watching her and her family. We had a stroke of luck when her grandfather died…well…we killed him. He developed a potion to help her through the transformation. We will never know if it would have worked in preventing her death. The blast destroyed all his notes and the potion.” 
“Just as well. She is the last Chosen One, the one who is supposed to set the balance of our realm and the human realm right again,” she sulked. “Tell me, how can they expect one child, one simple, plain child, to do this?” 
A low roll of thunder sounded in the distance. 
“She is most certainly plain, my lady. She could never match your beauty.” Aware of her vanity, he hoped she favored his compliment.
She sat relaxed in her chair and let her eyes wash over his body. He wasn’t special in any outstanding way. He was average in height, and his body was well toned. He was bald and his eyes were the color of polished emeralds. She lingered on his eyes. Beautiful. His mustache covered his lips, but she guessed they were soft. Maybe I should see for myself how soft they are. She smiled at her thoughts. “Tell me of the plans,” she whispered, as she watched him fidget. I’m making him uncomfortable. Good. They are more pleasurable to me when they are so eager to please. 
He cleared his throat, and made a conscious effort to avert his eyes from her breasts. “We have been given three names, and a scenario has been foreseen of her falling to them. We will cultivate them and, in the end, they will do our bidding. The child can’t be harmed by our kind until after she comes of age, but she can be harmed by her own race at any time,” he said, hoping this bit of information pleased her. “They can kill her for us, my lady. No blood will be on your hands. Her family will fall after that. Many will fall after that.”
“Who will train them? Can the Red Guard be used?” she asked.
“No, not the Guard, but we can use those that are no longer with them. There are those that are agreeable to your campaign. They favor your leadership and your desire to rid our race of the weak, the filth, and even the human. They too, want this world for our kind. You have those that are loyal to you, my lady,” he assured her.
She stood and paced, and her cape billowed from her pressed gait. When she turned back to him, her violet eyes darkened into an angry sea of hate. “Do not kill her yet. Let her grow into a young woman. Give her a false sense of security, but make her life as miserable and as painful as possible, without killing her. Let her know her intended. Let them fall in love, and then take him away from her. Let her know despair. Let fear become her childhood friend.” She smiled at her idea and moved closer to him. “Would that not make you miserable, to know your true love and then have her taken from you?” 
She ran her fingertips along his jawline and smiled. “Yes, I do want her to be miserable. I want her to feel pain. I want her family to think they are protecting her. I want them to suffer as well for their insolence. When their precious little girl is dead, they will mourn, and I will be merciful,” she sneered, “I will end their lives quickly.” 
She laughed her witchy cackle and turned to pace again as she spoke. “I want her brought here. I want to watch this Chosen One die before me. I want her to see just whom they thought they could beat! I want her to beg!” She turned to face him and raised her finger. “Do you understand?” 
She tipped her head to the side with an afterthought, not giving him a chance to answer. “Oh, should the humans succeed in killing her, so be it. I’ll take that. However, if they do not, I want her brought here when she comes of age, to die in the dungeons, away from her family. She will weaken, she will not transform.” She paused and looked at the messenger and raised her finger, again pointing at him, her eyes remaining dark and intense. “She must not transform under any circumstances. Do you understand?”
He nodded.
“Once she is gone and we have destroyed her family, I will reign.” Proud she arrived at such a glorious conclusion to her plan, she smiled.
“My lady, we can’t harm the man. His House will seek retribution,” he said nervously.
“I know that, you fool. I didn’t say harm him, I said the family. Don’t worry about him, he will find another. Perhaps he may want to join us.” As she thought of that possibility, a thin smile crossed her lips. “No,” she laughed, “he will end his own life. It will be a pity and such a waste of a firm body. There will be no retribution from his House.” Her brow creased as a little worry crept in. “I would like more assurance on that—just in case complications arise. Working with humans is uncertain at best, because they don’t follow instructions well. They have a tendency to improvise…such an immature race. I want my own clan of vampires. I have heard of a very strong clan, led by Thomas Halsing. Do you know of this clan?”
“Yes, my lady. But, why would you align yourself with such a...from all the stories I have heard, he is a very ruthless...” he searched for the right word to use, “creature.”
“Precisely why I want him—a vampire’s bite is deadly to this Chosen One. If things get out of hand, I want her life ended quickly.” She scoffed, “With any luck, maybe one of her sweethearts will slip, and in their passion for her, will administer a fatal bite.” She smiled at the thought of this Chosen One dying accidentally by the hands of one of her lovers. Her eyes focused back on him. “I heard he could be bought for a price, and I am willing to pay that price. Now, leave me, find him, and bring him here. I will handle the rest.” She kissed her finger and touched it to his lips. “Hurry back.” She laughed, and left the room.
Chapter 3


Present Day
September 2007—32 Years Later, 
Yellowstone Lake Lodge Cabins

Four tall individuals stood vigilantly outside a cabin at Yellowstone Lake. Their eyes scanned the sky and the tree line. Four pairs of ears perked, ready for any noise outside the normal night sounds. 
One individual struck a match to light his cigar. Three pairs of eyes glowed in the dark from the spark of light.
The cigar smoker chuckled. “Pretty cool the way your eyes do that.”
In the darkness another man spoke. “Patience, Bill. Your eyes will do that soon enough.”
Bill took another puff on his cigar. “I think patience isn’t the issue here Brad. If anything, we have all been very patient. How are you holding up, Steven?” He placed his hand on Steven’s shoulder, giving him a little shake.
“I hate this waiting. You should just introduce us now,” Steven said. “Why do we have to wait until October?” 
“You know why. She isn’t back to herself yet. Those two attempts on her life took their toll, and Gran’s worried. Doc Craig said she didn’t bounce back as quickly as he had hoped after the car wreck. He didn’t know if it was because of the accident or her mental state. However, he told Gran every time he mentioned Nick’s name to her, he saw a hell of a lot of fear in her eyes. Damn, I should have stepped in sooner.” He kicked the ground, causing the dust to rise. 
“Don’t be so hard on yourself, Bill. You need to give her a little more credit—she’s a fighter. By October, she’ll be as good as new. Then, Steven, you can be with her,” another man said as he lit his cigar. The tiny puffs he took to start the cigar caused the glow in his eyes to pulse as they caught the light. 
“I don’t know, Rick. She’s much quieter now,” Bill said, keeping his eyes on the cabin. “She doesn’t trust anymore. I’ve watched her sleep, you know, when Gina’s stayed with her. It’s not peaceful. She curls up in a tight ball, her hands grip the pillow…you can see the pain she tries to hide when she’s awake on her face as she sleeps. Gran thinks it has more to do with the transformation than the accident, but I don’t know. We asked if she wanted Timmy staying with her in her cabin while we’re here…at least she wouldn’t hear noises if someone were in there with her, but she said no, she’d be fine. She’s trying to show she’s brave, but I know she’s scared.” He clenched his jaws, letting his anger at Bree’s parents simmer. He still could not believe they’d allowed all of this to happen to her. His heart ached with her pain, and nothing was going to stop him from getting her and Steven together. He knew once that happened, everything would be right again. Until that time, he needed to stay vigilant—they all needed to stay vigilant—and keep her safe from those who wished her harm.
They stood still when Bree’s cabin door opened. “Hey, Half Pint. Whatcha need?” Bill asked.
Startled, she looked into the shadows, letting her eyes adjust to the low light. “Oh, Billy, it’s you. Dang, you almost gave me heart failure. I thought I would walk to the lodge for a drink. Can’t sleep, so I thought that maybe a drink might help. What are you doing out here?” 
He raised his hand showing his cigar. 
“Ah, and it appears you have some smoking buddies. Well, don’t stay up too late. We have an early day tomorrow.” 
“No, I won’t, but I don’t want you out here by yourself. I’ll go with you. I could use a drink.” He turned to his friends, “I’ll catch you guys later,” then walked toward her and steered her away from his three companions. With his arm around her, they walked down the dark road, away from her cabin.
The other three stayed in the shadows, keeping their cigars away from their faces as they watched the two of them head for the lodge.
When Brad was certain Bill and Bree wouldn’t hear him, he gave Steven some encouraging words. “October is not that far off. Soon you will be with her again, and then you two can go for a nighttime drink.”
Steven kept his gaze on her. “Bill’s right, she doesn’t sleep well these nights. I’ve watched her. She curls into a ball, and pulls the covers tight. She cries in her sleep now. Not as much as in the beginning, but every so often, she cries. There's nothing I can do. I can’t hold her to calm her fears. All I can do is watch. I hate what they did to her.” 
“Don’t worry. Once she knows and understands all of this, she’ll be fine. We’ll keep her safe. They’ll never touch her again. We promise you that,” Rick said firmly, confidently.
“Why don’t we go for a drink, too?” Brad smiled as he placed his hand on Steven’s shoulder. “You can be close to her, for a little while anyway. Hell, we can all be close to her again.” 
Brad sent his thoughts to Bill, informing him they were going to the lodge too, and as they started down the road, their appearances changed.
***
Bill and Bree sat in the double rocker next to the large stone hearth in the lodge. With his feet planted firmly on the floor, Bill slowly moved the rocker back and forth. Bree tried placing her feet on the floor to help, but with the deep seat of the chair, she had to be satisfied using the tips of her toes. 
“You are so short, Half Pint.”
“Not my fault. You guys got all the height.” 
“What would you like to drink? I’d better get it; they might make you show your ID.” He messed with her hair and they laughed.
“Oh, I don’t know…something to help me sleep. Maybe a warm brandy.” 
“I’ll be right back.” 
She watched him as he headed toward the bar. Her hands were resting in her lap, the tips of her toes on the floor ballerina-style to keep the rocker moving. Her shoulders were relaxed as she listened to the crackling fire next to her. 
She watched as three men entered the lodge, and scrutinized their appearance. Beards concealed their faces, their hair was long and disheveled, and their clothes were dirty. She imagined they’d just returned from several days of hiking, had been living in tents, and were returning to civilization for a nightcap before retiring for the night. She nodded at her assessment as the three hikers made their way up to the bar and ordered their drinks. The red-bearded man said something that made Bill laugh, and she smiled at the sound of her cousin’s voice.
***
“Damn, could you have made us look any less appealing?” Steven asked as he looked at his reflection in the mirror behind the bar. “A red beard—she hates beards.”
“I know,” laughed Bill. “I don’t want her paying any attention to the three of you.” He picked up the drinks and headed back toward the fire, still laughing.
***
Bill smiled at her and handed her the brandy. “Now this should help you sleep. I’ll probably have to carry you back.” 
“Ah no, I don’t think you will.”
“So, any more thought on going with Gran to Vegas?” he asked as he sat back down next to her. 
“I don’t care for Vegas. There are too many people, and I don’t gamble. What would I do with myself for seven days? I really don’t see much point in going. Mom’s really pushing me to go though—says Gran has some very good friends there. She keeps telling me I’ll meet some great people, and that may be but...” her voice trailed off as she took a drink and let the brandy soothe her throat. “I just think it would be best not to go.”
“You don’t have to meet all of her friends, you know. Besides, I think she would enjoy your company. You’re her only granddaughter and she likes having you around. While you were married you stayed away quite a bit, and none of us have had much time with you. We’ve missed that, and you and Gran used to do a lot together.”
“I know, and I will make up for that…but it’s over Halloween. You know how much I enjoy Halloween. No, I don’t think I’ll go; maybe next year.” She took another drink. More people entered the lodge, drawing her attention toward the door.
“Well, you don’t have to gamble just because you’re in Vegas. You could see a few shows,” he suggested, “and I know they have a Halloween party at the reunion. What better place to see strange people than at a Halloween party in Las Vegas? Gina and I might even attend.” 
“Oh geez, Billy. I don’t want Gran to have to babysit me. She’ll be there with her friends. I don’t want her to take me to shows like a little girl…that’s so pathetic. Next year would be much better.”
He continued trying to persuade her. “Gran sees these people every year. She’s proud of you and wants to show you off.” 
“What’s this reunion about anyway? I never asked.” 
“She gets together with all her friends. They go to shows, play cards, and gamble…all the things you do in Vegas. It’s just a way for them to keep in touch. It’s really a social gathering—they just call it a reunion. It’s gotten so large, they have a committee that plans the big get-together. It’s one big party where they get caught up on what’s going on in everyone’s life, and she’s wanted to share that with you for the longest time.” 
“I don’t know. What could I possibly have in common with her friends?” She finished her drink and rolled the empty glass between her hands, looking at nothing, but seeing everything in the lodge.
“Well, you won’t know until you go. I might even drop by and take you to a show.” He smiled and watched her. He felt her heavy heart, and it worried him. “Tired yet, or can I get you one more drink?” 
“One more would be nice.”
***
When Bill left to get their drinks, a park ranger came and sat across from Bree. She hadn’t noticed him in the lodge. He looked at her and smiled, and she smiled back, not wanting to engage in conversation, but not wanting to be rude either.
“Enjoying your visit?” he asked.
“Yes, I am, thank you.” She kept her answer short, hoping he would get the hint she didn’t want to talk.
“First time here?”
“No,” she said, as she watched Billy at the bar.
“Boyfriend?” he asked motioning toward him.
“No.” 
“Ah, husband.”
“Cousin.” 
“Ah.” He nodded his head indicating he understood. “I haven’t seen you down here before. First night?”
“Yes, we just arrived today.” 
“Since you’ve been here before, I assume you have your trip all planned out. Are you going to do any hiking?”
“Probably,” she said. Her short answers were not dissuading him, and she was getting an uneasy feeling in her stomach. Nick had started out that way; she hadn’t been able to dissuade him either. Her instincts were starting to kick in again and, with her hands still resting on her lap, she began twisting her fingers together.
“Have you ever hiked to Heart Lake?” 
“No, every time I’ve been here it’s been closed due to bears,” she answered. Her eyes were alert, her hands were no longer relaxed and her fingers began tapping her leg.
“I could take you there. I’m a ranger, and I take hikers there all the time,” he offered.
One of the three bearded hikers came to the magazine stand next to the rocker and started looking at the selection. The ranger met his gaze, then looked back at her. “I could take you if you like,” he offered again.
“No, I don’t think so.”
The ranger and the hiker exchanged another glance, and then the hiker turned his gaze back to the magazines. The ranger shifted in his seat and glanced nervously around the room. He spied the other two hikers sitting across the lodge, watching him. He looked back at Bree and said, “Well, if you change your mind, I’d be happy to take you.” He smiled and left just as Bill returned. 
“What did he want?” Bill’s voice was tense. The hiker who stood at the magazine rack selected a magazine and left.
“He wanted to know if he could take me to Heart Lake. I declined. That’s all, nothing more. You don’t need to kill him. He was being very polite.” 
Bree glanced toward the hikers. There was only one sitting there now. She hadn’t noticed where the other two went. 
Bill handed her the drink. “Here ya go, Half Pint. This should do it for you, and I promise you’ll sleep like a baby.”
“One can only hope.” 
***
When they arrived back at the cabins, Bill gave his instructions. “Now, stay inside and go to sleep. I don’t want you wandering around out here in the dark. There are bears and wolves out here, you know. ” 
“I promise I will stay inside with the door locked,” she laughed, as she opened the door to her cabin.
“Hellooo, you forgot something, Half Pint.”
She giggled his name as she turned back to him. “Oh Billy, honestly, such the papa bear you are.” Nevertheless, she leaned close to give him a soft kiss goodnight on the cheek, then entered her cabin and closed the door.
He waited until he heard the click of the lock, then walked back to the shadows where his friends were waiting. “Well?”
“We couldn’t find him. Hell, he disappeared as soon as he got outside, but he knows we’re here. He has probably reported in by now. They certainly didn’t do their recon very well. He should have sensed us right off when he entered the lodge. Must be a new recruit. Thought they would be better at this,” Rick said. “We’ll be out here all night, don’t worry. She’ll be safe, Papa Bear.”
“Hey, what can I say? She gives soft kisses.”
“Yes, I’m sure she does,” Rick smiled.
“Don’t let your guard down. Maybe that’s what they want,” Bill stated. “I can stay out here with you guys if…”
“William, go inside and get some rest. You need to be with her all day tomorrow. We’ll be fine. If we need you, we will call you,” Brad said sternly.
“I’ll stay inside with her. She won’t see or sense me, but I’m not leaving her in there alone, so don’t try to talk me out of it,” Steven said, not giving them any time to protest before he disappeared.
Rick laughed. “Well shit, he left before we could even attempt to talk him out of it.”
“We better plan a hunt soon, Rick. I don’t think he’ll last until October,” Brad laughed.
***
Steven wrapped his cloak around him to stay hidden in the shadows of her room. He watched as she came out of the bathroom, dressed in her sweats and with bear-paw slippers on her feet. The slippers had been a gift from her littlest cousin, Timmy. A smile creased his lips as he watched her nightly routine unfold. 
She started by checking the lock on the door, then walked back to the bed and fluffed the pillows, and took the extra pillows from the other bed for added protection. She stood there for a moment, and when he saw the small dip of her head in a nod, he knew she was pleased with her mound of protection, but when she glanced back at the door, he knew she was going to check the lock again, which she did. She walked back to the bed, took her slippers off and placed them on the extra bed, then sat on the edge of her bed looking around. He was sure she would get up and check the lock again, but she just looked at the door one more time. She picked up the book that rested on the nightstand, then got into bed, propped herself up with the pillows, pulled the blankets up around her, opened her book, and began reading. He knew it wouldn’t be long before she would lose interest, and when he saw her set the book on the nightstand, he smiled. I know my Princess so well, he mused. 
He watched her reach up, turn the light off, scoot under the covers and try to get settled, all the while wishing he could lie next to her. The room was quiet—too quite—and he knew it was only a matter of time before she turned the light on again, which she did. Finally, with her fortress of pillows and blankets, she curled into her ball and fell asleep. 
It wasn’t long before her slumber turned restless and she grasped the pillow. Small cries escaped her lips, and she hugged the pillow tighter. He moved slowly toward the bed and saw her creased brow, her tight jaw, and the tears escaping past her closed eyelids. He gently touched her hand and she flinched. He knelt beside her bed and lovingly stroked her hair. 
“Don’t worry, Princess. I’m here now. Nothing will ever harm you again,” he softly whispered in her ear. He tenderly kissed her cheek, after which a tiny smile replaced her frown and she softly sighed, which lightened his heart. Her body relaxed and she uncurled from her protective ball. Her grip on the pillow lessened, and her breathing became even again. 
He sat on the floor by her bed and rested his head next to her pillow. “Sleep, Princess. I will keep you safe. I need you to come to Vegas,” he pleaded to her heart. He reached and turned the light off, allowing the moonlight to filter though the small opening in the curtains. His hand found hers in the darkness and slowly their fingers intertwined. Soon the only sounds in the cabin were Bree’s relaxed breathing and Steven’s tone of contentment. The Chosen One slept peacefully for the first time in a very long time.


October 2007—DFW Airport
The plane sat at its gate awaiting departure. Bree looked out the cabin window and watched the rain splash against the pane. It was still dark. Her grandmother hadn’t been joking when she’d said she wanted to get an early start. Harried passengers were still filing onto the plane, pushing and shoving their carry-on baggage into the overhead bins, trying to make them fit. 
She looked over at her grandmother, who was reading the Dallas Morning News, tuning out the chaos that was going on around them. 
Her grandmother took her eyes off her paper long enough to assure her granddaughter she would have a wonderful time in Las Vegas.
“Now, you just wait. I’ll introduce you to some very interesting people. That is, if we ever get there.” She tapped a nervous finger on the armrest. 
“What’s with you? Got a hot date or something?” 
“Something like that,” her grandmother replied.
“Tell me you don’t have anything planned for me. You haven’t fixed me up with someone have you? I really don’t think I’d be good company for anyone right now. Let me get this divorce behind me first.” It came out sounding more like a plea than a firm statement.
“You just need to get out and meet the right kind of people. I have some very charming friends there. You’ll have a good time. And no, I haven’t fixed you up with anyone. That ball is completely in your court.” She looked at her granddaughter and smiled. “Relax and read your book, or take a nap. You know, a nap may just do you some good.” She patted Bree’s hand, assuring her that she had her best interests at heart, and went back to reading her paper.
Bree looked out the window and let her grandmother’s suggestion rumble through her thoughts, reminding her of all the problems she had trying to sleep, all the sounds she heard in the darkness, and the voices that called her name from the shadows. All the times she ran to her parent’s bedroom for safety as a little girl. Oh, what I wouldn’t give to be a child again. 
She shook her head and continued looking out the window, finally closing her eyes to calm her headache. It wasn’t as strong as before, just a dull ache in the front of her head, but closing her eyes helped. She began planning her time in Vegas—not that she wanted to, but she knew she had to—otherwise she’d be spending seven days in her room.
She hadn’t been completely truthful with Billy when she gave him her reasons for not wanting to go Vegas with her grandmother. If it were another time, a time before she knew Nick, she would have loved to go. But now, Vegas held a memory she wanted to forget, one she begged to forget. She’d married Nick there, and that mistake would haunt her the rest of her life. For eight years, she’d stayed married to him. For eight years, she’d suffered at his hand, and now she was going back to the beginning of her nightmare.
She tried to shake those thoughts from her mind. She tried to think of something more pleasant, but her thoughts nagged at her, reminding her how it had all begun so she’d know what to look for the next time a stranger offered her drink. That’s what Nick had done—he’d offered her a drink. 
She hadn’t cared much for him, but he’d persisted. He was at every party she went to, and her friends badgered her to be nice to him. She’d finally given in and had a drink with him, and five months later, they were married. 
Maybe Mom’s right. Maybe I do need to go. Maybe I need to swallow that bitter pill, if that’s what it will take for me to live again.
She reached up and turned her vent on, letting the cool air wash over her, cooling her body. She closed her eyes and listened to the sounds around her: the occasional thump of luggage being loaded, a child in the back crying, a periodic cough, and the soft sound of the engines…all these sounds lulled her to sleep. It was peaceful.

Council Building—October 2007
Esmeralda sat in her office and tapped her fingers on her desk as she waited for her associate to arrive. The hour was late, and with every annoying tick of the clock on the mantel, her anger grew. 
She was on the verge of calling it a night, when the door to her office opened. Her eyes met his with a cold rebuke as she raised the glass of sherry to her lips to let the taste calm her anger before she spoke. “Thomas, tell me you bring me good news for a change.”
He didn’t respond.
She watched him as he walked to the bar and poured his whiskey. His long, coal-black hair glistened from the light of the fire. He was a tall, broad-shouldered man with strong arms and hands. 
He tossed his head back and downed his drink, then poured another. “The child will be at the reunion. She will learn of her heritage. She will know her intended. They will protect her. She will be a very strong Chosen One, my lady.” He turned to face her. “Tell me, is that what you wanted to hear?”
“Yes, yes it is.” Her eyes widened with her excitement as she stood and walked to the bar. “It’s time we know just how strong this child has become. She has eluded all the attempts those stupid humans have made. Your task is to meet her, but do not kill her. You need to resist that temptation for the time being. Play with her, make her feel stronger than she truly is. Her clan will loosen their protection once they feel she can take care of herself. Then, we will pounce.” She smiled at her triumph, but when she looked at him, she saw his worry. “Oh, why so glum, my sweet?” She moved closer and ran her hand tenderly along his jaw. “You should be rejoicing. Soon, your clan will feast upon a Chosen One. You will taste her blood, and this should make you happy.”
He laughed deeply. “Nothing is simple, and you should know that by now. Her clan will not lessen their protection. Oh, Essie, the games you play.”
She replied with a very wicked laugh. “She will appear before me on the last day of the reunion and I will end this game there. Her life will be mine…I just want you to test her. Play with the child. Have some fun with her. I will keep her alive long enough for you to know her if you like.” She smiled as she pressed against him. “Would you like to know her?” she whispered softly, her lips barely touching his.
“Yes, Essie, I would like that.” 
He wrapped his arm around her slender waist and gave a commanding tug, pulling her close. With his other hand, he brushed her hair from her cheek, looping a strand behind her ear. His finger delicately traced along her jaw toward her lips and as his finger gently coaxed her lips apart, he leaned down and kissed her. 
Her anger melted as his lips caressed hers, and all her thoughts centered on her pleasure. Her hand slid down his sides and came to rest on the bulge that pressed into her. 
She pulled back, a coy smile on her face. After a sensual tease of her tongue slowly passing her lips, she spoke in a low, sultry voice. “I have a warm bed upstairs. If you’d care to join me, we can continue our conversation in a more comfortable fashion.” 
His hand held her face as he brought his lips back to hers, then he picked her up and laid her down on the sofa. “Why waste steps?” he cooed as he brought his lips back to hers. 
Chapter 4


Bree’s Story
Saturday Morning, Las Vegas

Our plane landed three hours later. The terminal was awash with people as they came and went during the early hours. One-arm bandits were everywhere. Someone stood or sat at each one, gleefully pulling on the arm of the cold steel machine as it gobbled up their money. People waiting for their plane couldn’t resist the last temptation to get rich—one more quarter, one more dollar—but the machines kept their riches and made them poorer. Then there were the new arrivals that couldn’t wait to get to the casino to lose their money. 
Ah, Las Vegas! Party Central! 
We made our way to baggage claim and waited with everyone else for the buzzer to sound. Then one by one the bags would appear, hopefully unscathed, sliding down the chute and onto the conveyer belt, circling around, waiting for their owners to claim them. 
I watched as an older couple struggled to gain control of an uncooperative bag that refused to break free of the belt. A very handsome young man came to their rescue. He easily lifted the bag and set it beside them. The older woman showed her appreciation by kissing him on the cheek, then quickly asked if he would collect her other two bags, which he did. Ours finally came into view, and thankfully, I collected them without any trouble. 
Gran led the way toward ground transportation. I assumed she’d reserved a rental car, and hoped she would do the driving since she knew where we were going. When we stepped outside, I saw two large charter buses waiting to take us to our destination. 
The dry Nevada air felt good against my skin and I closed my eyes and leaned against the wall to relax. My body was warm again, and the diesel emission from the buses wasn’t helping my headache. 
“Bree, dear, are you okay? Does your head hurt that badly?” Gran asked. 
I didn’t want to worry her. “I’m fine. I’m doing what you keep telling me to do—I’m relaxing. Really, I’m fine. What’s all this anyway?” I spread my arms indicating the buses.
“This is how they pick us up. You didn’t think we would drive to the casino, did you? This is much easier and you can get a head start visiting with everyone instead of driving through all this traffic,” she said, waving her hands in the air as if I could see all the traffic before us. “Just relax, dear. I’m sure you’ll meet some nice people. Try to have some fun for heaven sake…you really need to start living. You don’t know what or who you might be missing.” As she said this, her blue eyes twinkled and her smile widened. 
I began thinking about the reunion. Why I hadn’t thought of this sooner, I’ll never know, but the idea of a large group of people Gran’s age coming here to gamble came to mind. They may very well be bringing their children—or worse—their grandchildren, to meet other children and grandchildren from the group. My nerves engaged. If I act quickly, I could make it back to the terminal and catch the next flight home. This is not going to be good. 
As everyone gathered at the bus area, I was pleasantly surprised, and more than a little relieved, to discover that wasn’t the case. People of all ages waited to board the coaches, and good God—they all seemed to know my grandmother.
“Millie, good to see you again. One year between visits is just too long,” said one particularly distinguished-looking gentleman who kissed her cheek as he greeted her.
Gran giggled like a schoolgirl. “George, it’s good to see you too! Oh, this is my granddaughter, Bree.”
“Well, she’s just as beautiful as you, Millie,” he said, extending his hand to me. “I’m glad to finally meet you. We have heard so much about you. It’s about time she brought you.”
“It’s good to meet you too, ah, George, is it?” He was tall and heavyset, and looked to be a little older than my grandmother. He had a round, clean-shaven face and his blue eyes were warm and friendly, as was his smile. 
My grandmother wrapped her arm around his waist and before they left to visit with others she said, “Leave your bags here next to mine. This is our bus. We’ll collect them at the hotel.” 
George kept his arm protectively around my grandmother as they wandered through the crowd greeting other people. By the looks of those two clinging close to each other, I knew I would probably have the week to myself, and that was fine with me. 
I’d worried about spending seven days with her. We always got along, but this was different; she would be with her friends, and I’d always felt uncomfortable around people I didn’t know. I’d be happy on my own, nobody here needed to know my past. Vegas was always up, always open. I would be fine. 
I watched people milling around, greeting one another like old school chums. Free of my suitcase and with my purse over my shoulder, I stood back and watched everyone. I don’t think I’d ever seen so many people being so polite. They hugged, freely giving kisses on the cheeks. 
A very good-looking young man approached me and acted as if he wanted to talk to me, but he stood in my space and that unnerved me. I stepped back, but he stepped toward me. A nervous flutter settled in the pit of my stomach as memories of Nick came to mind. He’d always get close to me before striking me. I instinctively stepped back again, and again the young man intruded on my space. Rationally, I knew I was allowing my past to get the better of me…but rationally or not, he was too close and I didn’t like it. I took a deep breath and tried to keep my panic under control, but my shoulders tensed and the hairs on my arms rose. When I felt a hand on my shoulder, I jumped and spun around, only to be face-to-face with my grandmother. 
“Jeffery, how good to see you,” she said. She wrapped her arm around my shoulder in a protective embrace. “This is my granddaughter, Bree. Bree, this is Jeffery Fairgate. He’s a friend of Bill’s.” 
I noticed a hint of recognition in his eyes. 
“Oh, yes, well, it was good meeting you,” then he left.
***
The lights were bright inside the bus when we boarded. Gran sat next to George, which left me with a seat to myself across the aisle. It wasn’t long before a man, about my age, asked politely if he could share my seat. 
His thick, dark brown hair was peppered with gray, and moved back and forth as he spoke. His full, bushy beard showed some gray as well. His arms were thick with hair, and I could tell, by the tuft of hair at his collar, that his chest was just as hairy. No doubt his back was too. 
With his dark hair and deeply tanned skin, I imagined if he stood away from the light he would blend right in with the shadows. Well, that is, if it wasn’t for all the gold he was wearing. Several medallions hung around his neck, and the Rolex watch on his dark arm looked like a beacon. His smile was friendly, and surprisingly, I was relaxed in his presence. I smiled in acknowledgment that he could share my seat, and he immediately sat and introduced himself.
“Hello, my name is Harry. Harry Schmidt. And you are?” He extended his hand for me to shake, and behind his beard was a beautiful smile.
“I’m Aubrey, but please, call me Bree.” I laughed privately to myself, thinking the name “Harry” was a perfect fit. “I’m here with Millie,” I motioned to the seat across the aisle indicating the giggling, white-haired woman. 
He looked over at her. “Mildred, it’s good to see you again, and you too, George. I see you brought a guest with you this time.”
“Harry, it’s good to see you too. I’m glad you could come. Yes, I brought Bree, my granddaughter. Remember I told you about her last year.”
I could feel my cheeks warm with embarrassment. Great, thanks. Does everyone need to know I’m your granddaughter? 
 He continued talking and waving to others as they passed by our seat, “I’m glad I was able to make it too. I have to leave Wednesday you understand, but I’ll be back in time for the party on Thursday. So this is Bree,” he said as he twisted in his seat to glance back at me. “Well, this is great. I hoped I would get to meet you sometime.” He turned back around to my grandmother to talk about something else. 
I glanced up during their exchange across the aisle and caught sight of a dark-eyed, dark-haired, lightly tanned, and ruggedly handsome man with just the right amount of stubble on his face, getting on the bus. He was wearing a long sleeve, red flannel shirt, with a white tee shirt underneath. He watched me for a moment and smiled. I smiled back my acknowledgment before he moved on. My eyes followed him until my seat almost blocked my view, and when he turned back to look at me, he smiled again, and so did I. Finally, my seatback prevented any further glances, and I wasn’t going to strain my neck like a prairie dog looking out its hole to see where he went. No…I had no interest in meeting anyone. 
When everyone was seated, the lights dimmed and our bus pulled away from the terminal. I smiled inwardly, thinking, if he had just gotten on the bus before Harry, I’m sure he would have asked to sit with me…and I’m sure I would have enjoyed his company. 
Harry said something, bringing me back to reality. 
“I’m sorry, what did you say?” 
Harry repeated that he hoped we could meet at the reception and maybe have dinner together. I was noncommittal, as I wasn’t sure what my grandmother’s plans were; although by the looks of things with her and George, I wasn’t part of them. Harry assured me we would have plenty of time, but I remained evasive and he let it drop. We talked all the way to the hotel, and as we pulled into the circular drive, I felt like he’d shared his life’s story with me. When we got off the bus, he shook my hand and said he would catch up with me later. Then he called out to one of his friends and was gone. 
Gran and I collected our bags and checked in. As we stood waiting for the elevator, I scanned the lobby—familiarizing myself with my surroundings. 
I glanced toward the fountain and there he stood, the man from the bus that had caught my eye. He stood facing my direction, talking and laughing with a group I assumed were his friends, and I watched him. I couldn’t take my eyes off him. His dark hair was a little untamed, a little wild in the front. He wore faded blue jeans and his shirt was unbuttoned with the sleeves rolled midway up his arm. His white tee shirt was tight against his chest, and as I stared at him, my heart raced and thoughts swam through my mind. Have I seen him before? He looks familiar…it’s almost as if I should be standing next to him…no, no…it’s my imagination…I would have remembered him. I shook those thoughts away as another entered my mind. I wondered if he’s married, or if he’s waiting on someone. I turned my head in my embarrassment at that thought. I had no idea why he fascinated me. I wasn’t interested in meeting anyone, I reminded myself again. 
I pretended I wasn’t looking at anything in particular and glanced back in his direction. There were five of them standing there, three men and two women. The tallest male of the group was a little huskier. He was dressed similarly in a green flannel shirt, darker blue jeans, and tennis shoes. Even though I couldn’t hear it, I imagined he’d have a deep, rich voice. 
The woman standing next to him had her arm looped through his. She was a little shorter than he was. Her bouncy blond hair hung to her waist. She dressed more fashionably in tailored blue jeans and a white blouse. Tucked in, it accentuated her hourglass figure. 
The other couple looked a bit more reserved. He looked to be about the same height as the one in the red flannel shirt, and he too wore blue jeans, a light blue shirt that was tucked in, and a sports jacket with brown patches on the sleeves. The woman standing with him wore dark blue slacks with a white blouse tucked in, and had a jacket draped over her arm. She stood shorter than he did, but not by much.
Our elevator arrived and before I turned, the man in the red flannel shirt looked at me—straight at me—and smiled. My eyes widened, and so did his smile. Embarrassment flushed my face as he continued to watch me. It was rude to stare and I knew better, but I just couldn’t take my eyes away from his smile. I stumbled into the elevator with my grandmother and as the doors closed, my thoughts chastised my actions all the way to our floor. When the doors opened, Gran stepped out, and it took me a moment to get my bearings. I muttered “excuse me, pardon me, please,” to get out before the doors closed.
“Hurry up and unpack, dear. Get some rest, we have loads to do tonight,” she said over her shoulder as she swiped her room keycard.
“Wait,” I caught her before she went into her room. “What are you wearing tonight? I don’t even know where we’re going.”
“Wear whatever you want. You said you were more comfortable in blue jeans. Wear them. Nobody cares what you are wearing. You can trust me on this. The reception starts at six sharp,” and with that she closed the door.
“Okay, comfort it is,” I said as I opened the door to my room.
Gran had reserved suites for us, which I thought to be a little extravagant when I entered the dining area. A large table sat in the center of the room with place settings for eight, and by one of the settings was a thin vase holding one single, red carnation. A sink, microwave, and a small refrigerator were along the far wall, in addition to a minibar filled with little liquor bottles, beer, and all types of snacks. 
I stepped down four steps into the living area that was larger than your standard hotel room. A large picture window filled the entire wall in front of me. I walked up to it to look out, expecting to see desert and mountains, but saw rooftops instead. Maybe it’ll look better at night. 
The first thing I noticed when I entered the bedroom was the enormous bed in the middle of the room. I sat down on the edge of it and sank into the thick, white comforter. I fell backward and flung my arms over my head. Okay, I can sleep on this. I frowned, knowing the sounds and voices would interrupt my sleep…they always interrupted my sleep. I sat up and looked in the other room. “I’ll leave the light on,” I mumbled as I stood.
With one last glance around the room, I placed my luggage on the stand against the wall. “Well, this is my home for the next seven days, so I might as well unpack and get ready for tonight.” 
It only took me half an hour to unpack, and I didn’t want to get ready and just sit around until six o’clock, so I decided to check out the hotel. I grabbed my purse and set out for an adventure of hotel gift browsing.
Chapter 5


I wandered through the lobby, encircled the casino, and checked out the coffeehouse and gift shops. Gift shops were my weakness—and this hotel had several. I bought two special postcards—one for my parents, and one for my cousin Billy. I even bought a tee shirt with the hotel logo and the saying, “What Happens in Vegas, Stays in Vegas” on the back. Not sure why…I’d never wear it. There was also a complete jewelry store, and after paying for a few trinkets, I continued exploring.
The hallway off the left of the reception area led to an escalator that transported me to another world.
At the top were restaurants and more shops. Light poles strategically placed on the sides of the cobblestone walkways gave the illusion you were walking down a street. 
I heard the sound of birds above me, and naturally, I looked up at the sky…well, the ceiling, but it looked like the sky. There were even birds painted to look like they were flying.
“Everything’s an illusion,” I mumbled. 
Halfway down the make-believe street, I came to an Irish pub and thought about going in and having a drink, but saw it was a sports bar and decided to move on. I had nothing against sports—I just wasn’t in the mood for noise. 
When I passed the pub, I heard the familiar sound of guys cheering and the noise gave me a reason to peer in the window. The TV hung over the bar and I saw a small figure running down the field and a mass of other players chasing him. I shook my head, and grinned at a distant memory. I turned to leave, but then I saw him and froze in place. His back was to me…but I knew it was him…and my heart raced.
Evidently, the small figure made it to the end zone, and everyone did the high fives slap. When he turned to pick up his beer mug off the table, he noticed me—well, how could he not, I stood there staring right at him—of course he noticed me. Embarrassed, I jerked my head to appear to be looking in another direction, but I stayed in front of the window like a complete idiot. An eternity passed in that brief minute and I thought that perhaps I’d given him enough time to collect his beer and go back to watching the game; but when I looked out the corner of my eye to see if that was the case, I found him watching me. He smiled and winked, and goosebumps rose on my arms. My heart beat faster, and I was certain my face was red with embarrassment. I smiled a shy smile, lowered my eyes, and forced myself to walk away. 
I’d seen other faces from the bus ride here, but my mind kept going back to the man in the red flannel shirt. Why am I so fascinated with him? This is so unlike me. I shy away from people until I’ve deemed they’re safe enough to approach—that was my rule. And I hadn’t followed my instincts when I’d dated Nick. My instincts had told me to run, but I didn’t listen and look where that got me. I’m not going to let that happen again. 
***
Back in my room, I took a long, hot shower, and dressed in blue jeans and a red oxford tailored shirt, not too tight. I didn’t like to wear tight clothes. I liked them a little loose, but not baggie, enough room to allow me to breathe. 
I’d made the right selection with the bracelet, ring, and earrings I’d purchased earlier. You couldn’t go wrong with blue jeans and silver jewelry. 
I stood in front of the mirror, getting ready to go through my “do I want to wear makeup or not?” routine. Normally, I didn’t wear makeup. My complexion generally had a slight tan to it, but after my last two accidents, my skin tone had paled. I examined my face and smiled as I saw a slight rosiness to my cheeks. “Maybe that walk did me some good after all,” I mumbled and then the red-flannelled-shirt man came to mind and my smile widened. I dreamily ran a brush through my hair as my heart warmed to those thoughts before I shook the romantic haze off and finished getting ready. 
Just as I entered the living room, the phone on the desk rang, but when I picked up the receiver, I only heard the dial tone. I was about to place the receiver back in its cradle when I noticed a package sitting on the corner of the desk with my name written in a fancy script.
I opened the envelope and read the words aloud. “Bree, this healing stone is yours. It has always belonged to you. Wear it always.” I glanced down at the package. “Mine?” I read the note again and looked for a signature, but there wasn’t one. 
I opened the box and sucked in a breath when I saw the necklace. I picked it up and let the red, tear-dropped shaped stone necklace dangle by its long chain. It had what looked like a spider’s web of black onyx spreading through it. I walked over to the mirror and fastened it around my neck to see how it fit. “Mine, huh?” 
I shrugged a shoulder and placed it underneath my shirt. The stone felt warm against my skin. I drew in a deep breath as I felt a calming sensation wash over me and I placed my hand over my chest and smiled, for what reason, I wasn’t sure. 
I continued with my dressing dilemma, standing in front of the mirror trying to decide if I should tuck my shirt in or not when there was a knock on the door.
“Room Service.”
I peeked through the peephole and sure enough, there stood a young man in a white smock, holding a vase of flowers. I knew this was a mistake and I opened the door to correct him, just as he was getting his passkey out.
“I’m sorry, but...” 
“Are you,” he stopped and looked again at the card, “Bree Campbell?” 
“Yes.”
“Then these are for you.” He moved past me to place them on the dining table. 
“Thank you,” I said as he made his way back to the door. “Don’t I need to sign for them?”
“No,” and he left.
I read the note, “I am looking forward to meeting you.” That was it. Nothing more, not even a signature. Can’t anyone sign a name to things anymore? Maybe they were from Harry, and the florist misunderstood his message. “Well, whoever sent them, thank you…and red carnations,” I selected one and inhaled its scent, “my favorite.” I cut the stem, and stuck it into the buttonhole on my shirt pocket. I had totally forgotten what I was thinking about before the flowers arrived and another knock on the door brought me back to the present. This time it was Gran.
“Are you ready, dear? Oh, you look fine. The flower’s a nice touch,” she teased, giving me the “okay” sign and a wink as she walked past me into the room.
“They just arrived. I’m not sure who sent them. There wasn’t a signature on the card. They’re probably from Harry. What’d you think, in or out?” I stood in front of her motioning with my hands, “The shirt, Gran, in or out?”
“Out,” she announced. “We aren’t formal here…everyone likes to kick back and relax.”
I tipped my head to the side and raised my eyes up at her in my “Oh, really” look. “Then why are you dressed to the nines? You look like you’ve just come from the beauty parlor. You’re wearing a red-sequined ball gown…and a diamond necklace…you don’t look like you’re ‘ready to kick back and relax.’”
She smiled coyly. “We all relax in our own way. Now let’s get going, time’s a wastin’.” She walked past me toward the door.
“You mean George is waiting,” I teased back.
She opened the door, turned, and gave me one of her grandmotherly “mind your own business” smiles. “Don’t worry about me tonight, dear. I’ll introduce you to some people, and then you go have some fun.”
“This isn’t one of those, 'What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas' things, is it?” I groaned as I followed her out.
“Well, I guess that all depends on what happens. Now let’s go already.”
Chapter 6


Several people were already there when we arrived at the reception. George stood by the door, patiently waiting for her. I had to admit, they looked cute together. I had never seen my grandmother with another man before. I never knew my granddad. He died before I was born. 
The ballroom lighting and decorations gave the room a festive atmosphere. There were tables set in rounds of ten. Buffet stands with appetizers were at the back, and in the front of the room a band played while several couples danced. A drink station sat in each corner, and overstuffed chairs, sofas, and loveseats were throughout the hall for additional seating.
My grandmother stretched to see through the crowd as if she was looking for someone in particular when she said, “Let me introduce you to someone close to your age—well, close enough. If you get bored later, then you can go have fun at the casino.”
“Oh, I don’t think she’ll be bored with who you have in mind, Millie,” George said, and she giggled.
Oh dear, this is a “fix her up” kind of meeting. Damn, I knew it, I knew it, I knew it. I need a rock to crawl under until tonight is over. She pulled me along as we pushed through the crowd, and she continued her search. Obviously, it wasn’t Harry she was looking for, or she would have insisted I have dinner with him when I met him on the bus. From behind us, I heard someone call her name. “Millie, dear, how good to see you.”
She turned, and I noticed her smile and her eyes widen. “Oh Steven, there you are. I knew you would be here early.” 
When I turned—I froze. There he was, the mystery man from the bus, lobby, and pub. He’d shaved, and I had to admit, I liked this look much better. His eyes were brown and they sparkled when he smiled, and with that smile, I saw a cute little dimple in his left cheek. 
He gave my grandmother a kiss on the cheek, and said hello to George. “This must be Bree, am I correct?” He winked at her, and she giggled. 
“Yes, this is my granddaughter. I was finally able to persuade her to come with me this year. She can be so stubborn sometimes. However, this year the time was right, so here she is. Bree, this is Steven Wentworth. Steven…Bree.” 
Warmth flooded my face at her introduction; I felt like I was on display. Tada! Here she is all the way from Ft. Worth, Texas, Bree Campbell! I did my best to cover my embarrassment as I looked from her to Steven. When my eyes finally came to rest on him, he smiled. My heart fluttered as I smiled back. 
My grandmother continued with her introduction, completely ignoring my embarrassment. “Steven has wanted to meet you for the longest time, dear. He has kept asking when I was going to bring you, so now I have and you two can talk, get to know each other.” Now it was his turn to blush a little. Maybe he would want to join me under that rock.
“Where is Rick and his lovely wife, Sandy? Oh, and aren’t Brad and Madalyn here too? I so wanted to make the introductions to them, but George and I must run. You understand, don’t you, dear?” she patted his cheek and smiled.
Oh God, she is going to leave me here for them to babysit. I tensed, trying to keep the panic away. I knew something like this would happen. They still want me watched.
“Don’t worry about it. I’ll introduce her to everyone. She’s safe now. You go on, have fun.” He winked at me. 
“Oh, you are a dear. Yes, you introduce her to your little friends. Now, Bree dear, you have fun and don’t wait up for me.” 
I felt like she should have given me lunch money or something. Okay, better yet, forget the rock. Just throw me under a moving bus. This is truly embarrassing. Then, to go and call his friends ‘little.’ Geez, Gran, what were you thinking? If I remember correctly, they didn’t look so little. I slowly turned back toward Steven and we gave each other awkward smiles. 
“I am so very sorry about that. She means well,” I apologized, as I watched her and George walk away. Once they were out of sight, I turned back to him again. “At least, I think she does. I think she’s trying to see if I will die from embarrassment, and ya know, she came pretty darn close this time.” I just knew my face was three shades of red by now.
“Now, I can’t have that. I’ve never lost a date yet, and I don’t intend to now. Don’t let it bother you.” He laughed as he placed his hands on my shoulders to turn me in the direction of his friends. He leaned close to my ear, and softly said, “We’re used to her, and we wouldn’t want her any other way. I’ll introduce you to my ‘little friends.’” 
His closeness didn’t bother me…in fact I liked it. His hands gently slid from my shoulders, down my arm, and one hand came to rest around my waist…I couldn’t believe how natural it felt.
“Hey, how’s it going?” said the brown-haired man as he handed Steven a large Bloody Mary. His eyes were blue and strong, his smile crooked and sexy. His shirt hid his muscles but I could tell by his build that he had them. He handed me a white wine, made a slight bow, and said, “This is for you.”
My face gave away my question. The tall blond next to him handed him his drink and said, “We saw Steven talking with you and Millie. We just assumed you were Millie’s granddaughter we have all heard so much about, hence the wine.” She wore her hair brushed away from her face. She was comfortable in her own skin and her friendly attitude placed me at ease. Her mannerism was polished. Her eyes were gray and bright—they were happy eyes. Her makeup was lightly applied, just enough to emphasize the beauty of her skin.
“Oh dear Lord, she’s spoken that much about me? This is so embarrassing,” I said shaking my head.
“Don’t be embarrassed. We really enjoyed hearing your life story,” said the brunette woman, but she didn’t convince me. She didn’t smile when she spoke to me, and I got the impression she was judging me by the way her eyes washed over me and by the superior posture in her stance. She definitely was not as friendly as the blond. I immediately felt tension from her. She wore red lipstick over thin lips and that gave her a hard appearance. 
“My life!” My voice rose a little in alarm. That slow wave of panic started rising in my stomach again. It was nothing like the panic I’d felt at the airport when Jeffery had stepped in my space. It was the panic I felt when someone knew things about me—things I didn’t want them to know. I hoped that was just a figure of speech, and that my grandmother really hadn’t told these people all that much. Surely, she wouldn’t have divulged anything private. Surely, I could count on my own grandmother to keep my secrets. Oh, frick! What had she been thinking? Then to leave me here, being completely humiliated, while she goes off with her boy toy…I need to go outside now and find that bus.
The man standing next to the brunette smiled at me. His hazel eyes were warm and welcoming, and so was his smile. He winked and said, “Only the good parts, I can assure you.” 
“Steven,” said the blond, “you just might want to make the introductions you promised Millie, before Bree implodes.” 
“Oh, yeah right. Bree, this is Rick and Sandy Collins,” he said, motioning to the brown-haired man and the blond, “and this is Brad and Madalyn Silverton.”
“I like the flower,” Rick said and then winked. He extended his hand for me to shake, and when his large hands enveloped mine, I suddenly felt a sense of protection by his grip. His gaze held mine…that should have made me uncomfortable, but it didn’t.
“Hi, Bree, glad to meet you,” Brad said, breaking Rick’s spell over me.
I smiled back at him and said my “hello” and “glad to meet you.” I stopped apologizing for my grandmother. Whatever was ‘out,’ was out, I’d just have to live with it. I’d never see these people again, so what did it matter? At least I wouldn’t have to tell them anything. Hell, they probably knew it all anyway, the good and the bad, and yes, I was sure with Gran, she’d even told them the ugly.
“Hey Steven, we’re going over to the reception party in the penthouse. Do you two want to come along? I heard Rebecca might be there,” Brad said and winked like it was an inside joke. 
Steven just gave an, “I’ll get even with you later” kind of grin.
“Brad, honestly,” said Sandy. “Steven, you stay here and enjoy yourself. Rebecca isn’t good for you anyway. Take Bree to dinner. Maybe we’ll catch up with you two later.” 
I watched them leave before I said, “Could this get any more awkward?”
He turned to face me. “I don’t know. The night’s still young. Let’s see what happens.”
“You know, you don’t have to stay with me. Go with your friends to the party,” I offered.
“You heard her. Rebecca isn’t any good for me, and besides, I think I would enjoy your company more.” 
“I remember seeing you getting on the motor coach for the ride here,” I blurted out awkwardly.
He smiled. “Yes, I remember you. You were sitting with Harry, weren't you?
“Yes.” 
He bent his arm at the elbow, and I graciously accepted his offer. He led me to an empty sofa. “Now we can talk and be comfortable. Without the risk of sounding cliché, tell me about yourself.”
“I’m sure Mil...my grandmother, has probably told you everything. God, that’s so embarrassing.”
“Oh, I’m sure she has, but I’d like to hear it from you.”
He sat facing me with his arm on the back of the sofa. Surprisingly, I wasn’t nervous. He was easy to talk to. We bantered questions back and forth, and he paid attention to my answers. I could tell he wasn’t asking just to ask, and he didn’t shy away from any of my questions.
He told me he enjoys hiking and canoeing, that he lives in the Bear Tooth Mountains in Montana, and has a large log cabin. He isn’t married—and never has been—he offered that, I didn’t ask. He’s a lawyer, and he and Rick are in the same firm. He has degrees in architecture and engineering, physics, and forestry…but of all his degrees, he enjoys being a lawyer. 
He was an only child and his parents died a long time ago. Since his parents also didn’t have any siblings, he didn’t have any living relatives. I thought that sad. Even though I was an only child, I had cousins. My aunt and uncle on my father’s side had three boys, and we’re close. Since I’m the only girl, they teased me endlessly during my childhood…heck, they still do. 
Occasionally, during our conversation, he’d play with my hair—again, I didn’t mind. I discovered he’s known my grandmother for ages, and he even knew my mom and dad…said they went back a long way. 
I felt bold. I wasn’t sure if the wine on an empty stomach had anything to do with it, but I asked him how old he was. 
His smile was warm. “I’m forty.”
A small frown creased my forehead, as I suddenly felt very inadequate. 
“Does that bother you, that I’m forty? It’s only a number. I could change it if you like.
“Is that your question?” 
“Yes, I think we’ll go with that one. I have plenty more,” he teased.
“No, it doesn’t bother me that you’re forty. I’m amazed you have several degrees and you’re only forty.” 
I finished my wine, but I still felt an overwhelming…need…to talk with him. I enjoyed his company, and the whole setting was comfortable—it seemed so familiar. Maybe I had met him somewhere else, but surely, I would have remembered him.” I studied his face and saw the soft laugh lines around his warm brown eyes. Oh yes, I would have remembered him. 
“Would you like another glass of wine? Or perhaps I could take you to dinner?” he asked.	
I hadn’t eaten since breakfast, and the thought of another glass of wine on an empty stomach was not a good idea. Absentmindedly, I rubbed my temples trying to massage my headache away.
“What’s wrong?” he asked as his fingers twisted a strand of my hair.
“I’m just getting a headache. I think I am probably hungry.”
“And when was the last time you ate?” He stopped playing with my hair. 
I didn’t have to think long on that question and cringed as I said, “I’m embarrassed to say, at the airport in Dallas.” 
“Millie said you had to be reminded to eat. I guess she wasn’t kidding.” He finished his drink, took my glass, then placed our empty glasses on the table. “Well, let’s get some food in you.” 
He took my hand, and as he helped me up from the sofa, he brought me close to him. His touch was strong, but tender. His dark eyes pierced mine, and I found it difficult to look away, not that I wanted to. I would be perfectly content staring into his eyes all night. They were dark, strong eyes and I felt a familiarity with them. He had a perfectly straight nose, except at the tip, which had the slightest upturn. His hair was thick and full, the front a little untamed. I knew him, somehow…I knew him, but I couldn’t place him.
His smile was intoxicating. His eyes glanced at the flower, then back at me, and he asked, “You liked the flowers? Well, since you’re wearing one, I assume you did.” 
“You sent them…you didn’t sign the card…yes, I like them very much. Carnations are my favorite, especially the red ones.”
“Yeah, I know,” he said, grinning. 
“Ah, Gran told you.”
“No, I just knew.” 
We stood close to each other. I didn’t step back, and that surprised me. He was in my space, but I didn’t feel a need to withdraw from him. Actually, I had to fight the urge to step closer, to press my lips against his. I wanted so badly to reach up, placed my arms around his neck, and kiss him. It was such a strong desire, and I didn’t know why I felt that way.
My mind blocked all the noise in the room from my thoughts. The only sound I heard was his question. “What would you like? Italian, Mexican, American, French?”
I heard myself say, “Mexican sounds good.”
“I know just the place,” he turned and led me through the crowded room. Once outside of the ballroom, he took my arm, wrapped it around his, and continued asking questions. He kept his voice low, but I heard him perfectly—the outside noises didn’t interfere with our conversation. 
Emotions stirred in me, bringing unfocused pictures into my thoughts of a life some time ago. The feelings were familiar, but the people weren’t. As we walked, I did my best to search through memories, but apparently the answers I sought were beyond my reach.
Chapter 7


He took me to a Mexican restaurant on the top floor of the hotel. The music was loud, but not overbearing. He asked if I wanted to sit at a booth or a table. “A booth is fine,” I answered and he requested one when the hostess greeted us. 
Everything moved in slow motion as I took notice of the new environment I found myself in. All the unfamiliar voices and sounds muffled in my thoughts. I saw the colorful blankets and clay pottery that adorned the walls as we walked past all the colorful tables. I noticed the avocado greens, pale yellows, and the bright orange and red painted walls. When I slid into my side of the booth, a familiar voice entered my mind, which caused me to tune in to my surroundings. Gran and George were just on their way out. 
“Oh Bree dear, chance meeting you two here,” she said as she neared. 
“George, Millie,” Steven said, “how’s the party going for you?” 
“Couldn’t be better,” said George. “We should do this more than just once a year.”
“Let’s discuss it at the open forum tomorrow,” my grandmother suggested. She slid into the other side of our booth and George followed. With no place left for Steven to sit, I scooted over and patted the space next to me. He slid in, placed his arm behind me, and let his thumb rub against my shoulder. The booth was small so we sat close together. His leg rubbed against mine and that felt comfortable—this entire setting felt comfortable to me.
“We’ve just eaten, so we won’t take up much of your time. You kids can eat in peace,” George said, and winked at me. 
Steven encouraged my grandmother to bring the idea up tomorrow during the conference. I heard him say, “I’ll back you, only if you promise to bring Bree with you,” then he nudged my arm. Gran was ecstatic and George liked the suggestion as well. Steven smiled and repeated his terms. 
As we talked, Steven rubbed his thumb along my shoulder, and my neck muscles finally relaxed, letting my headache fade until it was just a small annoyance. 
The waiter came, delivered chips and salsa, and asked for our drink order. Before I could give him mine, Steven said, “Two iced teas, please.” He didn’t even look at me when he said, “no alcohol until we get some food in you,” and then squeezed my shoulder. “Don’t you like queso?”
“Yes, I do.” Now how did he know that? Maybe I met him when I was in college. Think! Damn, where do I know him from? 
 “I told you she doesn’t eat,” Gran began. “She doesn’t sleep much either.” As she said that, she wagged her finger at me, playing as if she were scolding me. “She gets her nose in a book and you can forget food and sleep.” 
“I don’t think he needs to hear all of this,” I said, hoping she would take the hint.
“Nonsense, I enjoy it,” Steven laughed. He nudged me into him, and the coolness of his touch felt good against my warm skin. “Millie, George, sure you don’t want anything?” he asked.
“Thanks for the offer, but you two go ahead. We were just on our way to the Luxor to play blackjack with some friends,” George said. “Millie can bring her suggestion up for a vote tomorrow, and we’ll wait and see what happens.” He got up, helped my grandmother up, and kissed her cheek. She giggled that schoolgirl giggle of hers, and off they went.
When we were alone again, Steven asked, “You’re not upset are you?” 
“About what?”
“My ordering you iced tea.” 
“Heavens no, I like iced tea.” 
He gave me time to look over the menu, not speaking, just waiting patiently. I was quick to decide on my standard choice, a soft chicken taco with a small bowl of sour cream on the side, refried beans, and rice.
“I should have known.”
“What are you having?”
“I’ve eaten, you haven’t.” He took the menu and motioned to the waiter.
“Couldn’t you just order something small?”
“Okay, I’ll have the house salad. Better?
“Yes, thank you.”
“Good, I’ve a question.” 
“Another question? Hmmm, I can’t imagine,” I laughed.
“Yes, and I have many more, so be patient.” He swung his arm over my head, picked up the menus, and held them out as the waiter came toward our table with our drinks and queso. 
I was very explicit in my ordering. “I would like a soft chicken taco…but I would like the lettuce, tomatoes and cheese on a side plate. Oh, and may I have a small side of sour cream?” I used my hands to indicate a small bowl.
The waiter grinned and looked at Steven. “Mine’s easier. I’ll have a salad, and house dressing is fine. Oh, and everything can be in one bowl.” He and the waiter shared a good laugh. “Also, would you mind bringing us two frozen margaritas? She likes salt on hers, I don’t.”
After the waiter left, I leaned toward him and whispered, “I thought you said I couldn’t have any alcohol until after I’ve eaten,” and then poked him lightly in the ribs. 
He chuckled and pushed the bowl of chips and queso close to me. “Eat some chips.”
I thought for a moment. “How did you know how I like my margarita?”
He winked. “I had a hunch. Now back to my question. Are you felling okay?”
I turned slightly toward him. His eyes were strong and intense and, again…I couldn't look away…I didn’t want to look away. Where have I seen those eyes before?
“I didn’t want to bring it up in front of Millie, but you’re pretty hot.” 
“Thanks,” I smiled and raised an eyebrow.
“Okay, I’ll rephrase—you feel very warm,” he said and raised an eyebrow back at me.
“Oh, that. Yeah, well, here lately my body temperature seems to be running on high. I just assume it has something to do with my metabolism because I’ve increased my workouts. Nothing to worry about, I’m fine.”
“You’re sure?” he asked. 
I could tell by the sound of his voice that he wasn’t convinced. “I’m reasonably sure. I don’t have a medical degree or anything like that, so I’m as sure as the next person is. No glands are swollen and I really do feel fine, and thanks for not asking with her here. Her knowing about the headaches is bad enough.” I wrapped my arm around his as I thanked him for not bringing it up. 
That was such a natural act. I felt comfortable doing it and he seemed comfortable with it because he placed his hand on mine. I stole a glance at our hands, and my mind flashed memories that I couldn’t bring into focus. My mind desperately began a search of dusty old folders in my brain. I felt that somehow I’d misplaced a file, and I desperately needed the information that was in it. 
“Okay,” he said, “oh, and you are hot, and I mean that in the way you took it before.”
“Thanks.” 
“Would you like me to move to the other side? To give you more room?” he asked.
“No,” I blurted out. Of course I didn’t want him to move! I liked being close to him. “Not unless you want to, I mean, if you’re uncomfortable.” 
He stayed next to me, and we continued our conversation. I was aware of others in the restaurant, but I only heard his voice. We seemed comfortable together and I couldn’t explain why…after all, I had just met him, but here I sat talking to him as if I had known him all my life. 
I enjoyed having his arm around me. His eyes smiled when he laughed, and we were laughing a lot. I’d never felt this relaxed with Nick. He was too controlling, he had to have everything his way or his temper got the better of him, and then I was the recipient of his anger. To sit and play twenty questions, well, you could forget that too. 
The waiter brought our margaritas and food, and our conversation hit a lull. It wasn’t uncomfortable, just noticeable.
“Okay, you’re quiet. What’s wrong?” he asked.
“Nothing’s wrong, I’m just having a very good time.” 
“You had doubts?” 
“Yeah, I did. Oh no, don’t get me wrong. I had doubts I would have a good time here in Vegas, not doubts that I would have a good time with you. Oh dear, that didn’t come out right. I’m having a very good time with you, and I...don’t understand it,” I firmly stammered.
“So, what is it you don’t understand?” 
“I’ve just met you, but I feel as if I’ve known you for some time,” I said a little shyly.
“Sometimes people hit it off from the start. Maybe that’s what we did. I enjoy your company, too.” He nudged me, “How’s your taco?” 
“It’s very good. Would you like a bite?” 
“Sure,” he placed his hand on mine as he brought the taco to his mouth, and not taking his eyes off me, he took a small bite. My heart raced as I looked into his eyes, those very familiar eyes. I’ve done this before! Think! Damn, this is so frustrating!
Our conversation picked up again. He asked what hobbies I had, and I told him I was into photography and was thinking of taking some classes this winter. I mentioned I had brought my camera along and was going to go to the desert while my grandmother was busy with her reunion. He suggested I not go there alone, and offered to go with me. When I heard myself accept his offer, I tensed. I didn’t even know this person, and here I was going to the desert with him, throwing all caution to the wind. 
 “What?” he asked.
“I don’t know…I just can’t put my finger on it. It’s like a picture far away and the closer you think you are getting to it, the farther away it is.” I shook my head trying to clear the fog. Damn, just ask. “Have we met before? You seem so familiar to me, but I can’t place it.”
“Maybe you’ve met me in your dreams,” he teased.
“Well, since I really don’t sleep much, I doubt that I dream.”
“Everyone dreams, you probably just don’t remember. It’ll come to you.” 
When dinner was over, I was afraid the night would end as well. 
“Would you like dessert?” he asked.
“No, I’m fine, thank you,” I replied. He massaged my neck, and I rolled my head against his strong hands and softly sighed. “That feels really good.” 
“Headache better?”
“It’s getting there.” Then he found the right spot on my neck and a soft moan escaped my lips. “Oh my, did I mention how good this feels?”
He leaned close and whispered “yes,” then kissed my neck sending shivers down my arms. I should have found that awkward, but...I didn’t. My skin tingled from his touch, and that sensation prompted a memory of someone doing that to me before…and I loved it. He whispered again, “Was that awkward?”
“Yes, but I like it,” I admitted. 
He rested his head against mine. “Are you ready?”
I cleared my throat. “For what?”
“Okay, I’ll rephrase. Are you done eating and are you ready to leave the restaurant?”
“Oh that. Yes, I’m ready.” 
“We’re going to get along fine. Now where can I take you? Have you ever been here? I mean, really been here—not just passing through, so to speak.” 
“No. I was going to check out Main Street here at the hotel, you know, where I saw you earlier at the pub.”
“Well, come on. Let’s take a walk and see where we end up,” he said. 
Chapter 8


We left the restaurant, walked down Main Street, and stopped in front of the Irish pub when we saw Rick and Sandy coming toward us. 
“Hey kids, what are you two up to?” asked Rick.
“Nothing,” Steven answered. “Thought you were going to the party?” Bored?”
“Yeah, pretty much. Not sure where Brad and Madalyn ran off to. Haven’t seen them for quite some time,” Rick said.
“I’m sure Madalyn wanted some time alone with Brad. You know, sometimes you guys hang together way too much.” Sandy said. 
“Nah, I don’t think we do. What do you think, Steven? Do we hang together too much?” 
Steven shrugged a shoulder. “Didn’t think we did.” 
Then they both walked into the pub leaving Sandy and me on the sidewalk.
Sandy stood there for a moment with a surprised expression on her face. She glanced out the corner of her eye at me, then crossed her arms and looked back at the door as if she was waiting for them to come back outside. “Now that was interesting,” she finally said. Obviously, by the way she was acting, this was not something her husband generally did to her. 
I wasn’t sure what to do either. “Ahhh, well, I suppose if we want to be with them, we better go in,” I offered.
Sandy frowned, dropped her hands to her side, and was just about to take a step when Steven popped his head through the doorway. “Well, you two comin’?” He ran out, grabbed our hands, and pulled us toward the entrance. He placed his arm behind Sandy and she gave him a dry look. He winked at her, she finally smiled and went inside. Before I could take a step forward, he wrapped his arm around my waist and pulled me to him. “Is this okay with you? If you don’t want to spend time with them we can leave, it’s not a problem.”
“This is fine. I would like to get to know your friends.” 
His smile widened. “I know they want to get to know you, too.” He took my hand and I followed him into the pub.
The room was larger than I’d imagined. Booths lined the walls, and there were tables in the center that had either green or white tablecloths. The low lighting gave the pub a cozy atmosphere. We ended up at a large table in the back, and Steven pulled the chair next to Rick out for me to sit. Sandy sat on the other side of Rick and there were spaces for two more guests. 
“Yep,” Rick said as he closed his cell phone. “They’ll be along momentarily.” I didn’t have to ask who would be joining us—strangely enough, I knew. Steven sat close to me, placed his arm on the back of my chair, and let his thumb tap against me. 
“So, Squirt, are you enjoying yourself?” Rick asked.
My head jerked toward him when he called me that. My eyes narrowed and my brow creased at the tone of his words. There was a familiarity to what he’d said, to his voice…but I just couldn’t quite get things to focus.
“What?” he asked. 
“Nothing...it’s...well...it’s nothing…yes, I’m having a very good time. For the first night, it’s a lot better than I imagined. My grandmother and I have a great time together, but in small doses. I wasn’t at all sure what coming with her for seven days was going to be like.”
“I hear that,” said Sandy laughing. “Oh, please don’t get me wrong. I love your grandmother, but I know I probably couldn’t do it for seven days. For that matter, I couldn’t stay with my grandmother or my mother for seven days.” 
It wasn’t long before I saw Brad and Madalyn coming through the door. When they got to our table, Sandy said, “Well, look who’s here. Now the Three Musketeers are back together again.”
“Well, I must be improving. I had him to myself for a whole two hours. Thank you, I feel honored,” Madalyn said dryly. Her body language spoke loud and clear…she wasn’t happy to be there. 
Brad playfully reached over and messed Sandy’s hair. “Hey there, Bree, are you enjoying yourself?” he asked.
“You’re late,” Rick informed him. “I already asked. Yes, she is, and very relieved she doesn’t have to spend time with her grandmother. Our Steven is keeping her entertained.”
“Oh dear, you need to run and run fast. Grab a hold of him and run now, otherwise you’ll be sharing him with these two,” Madalyn said sarcastically. She crossed her arms and pursed her lips, and I felt the tension rise around me. 
Several awkward moments passed before Sandy suggested the men go to the bar to get our drinks. Steven seemed hesitate to leave, but after Sandy jokingly told him I would be fine for the short time he was gone, he complied. 
Wanting to ease the uncomfortable situation that I seemed to have caused Madalyn, I pulled Steven’s chair out and offered an olive branch. “Well, Madalyn, why don’t you move to Steven’s seat? This way you can see what’s going on, and you can at least watch your husband.” 
She straightened her shoulders, and I saw her glance at the chair as if she were trying to decide something. Sandy stood, and I caught Madalyn glance up at her as she moved to Rick’s seat. Then Madalyn drew a deep breath and scooted over onto Steven’s chair. 
Okay…that was painful, I thought to myself. The natural thing to do was for them to start asking questions, but it didn’t seem like it was coming easy, so I started the conversation. “Okay, what is it you want to know about me?”
“I don’t want…” Madalyn began only to have Sandy interrupt. 
“Are we that obvious?” she asked with a nervous laugh, and her eyes darted at Madalyn. “We don’t have much practice at this. We’ve all been together for so long. We know everything about one another.” 
I cleared my throat and smiled, acting as if I hadn’t noticed their little skit with the chairs. “No, I wouldn’t say obvious, just natural. What can I tell you?” I asked. I kept my eyes focused toward the bar, and watched Steven, Rick, and Brad standing there watching the game while waiting for the bartender to serve them. 
“Yeah, they are delightfully soft on the old eyes, aren’t they?” Sandy said. I glanced at her and saw where she was looking. She looked back at me, winked, then looked ahead again. 
I turned my attention back to the front, and Steven caught my eye and smiled at me. I smiled back, and out the corner of my eye I saw Madalyn wave to him. I knew she directed her wave to him, because Brad’s back was to us. Clearly, she was letting me know they were her friends.
Thankfully, Sandy only managed to ask me a few questions by the time the men had returned to the table. As soon as Steven sat next to me, that familiarity enveloped me again. Even our conversation begged at a memory of awareness, but I couldn’t put my finger on anything. They told me they were good friends with my cousins Billy, Stanley, and Ryan. I thought that maybe that’s where I had seen them, but none of the pictures in my mind would come into focus. 
My mind’s file search ended when the waitress brought me a drink that I didn’t order. I looked at it and then looked at her with a questioning expression.
“It’s from the gentleman at the bar,” she said.
I looked toward the bar, as did everyone else. “Would you mind pointing him out, please?” My voice was a little uneven. 
She looked back toward the bar. “Well, I don’t see him now.” 
I handed her back the drink and asked her to dump it in the sink. She gave me a strange look. Steven and the others were a little puzzled as well. “Sorry, I don’t accept drinks from strangers.” 
She took the glass. “Smart girl. I’ll dump it.” 
After she left, I glanced at Brad. 
“She’s right, Breezy-bear…that was a smart move.” 
His phrase caught me off guard, and my eyes widened with my surprise. Dad always called me that…it’s not a common nickname…why would he call me that? Before I could comment, Steven stood and took my hand. 
“If you guys will excuse us, I’m going to go and dance with this lovely lady. We’ll be back.” 
As soon as we got on the dance floor, a slow song began. Our position together was comfortable, natural—my arms were around his neck and his arms were around my waist. We started out talking while we swayed to the slow rhythm, but then I settled my head on his chest with one arm around his neck. He placed one arm around my waist and held my other hand, tucked in close, and I felt utterly and completely safe.
When he whispered, “I could hold you like this all night,” I thought I had died and gone to heaven. My heart raced when he kissed the side of my head. I nuzzled in to him and heard his soft sigh, and I relaxed in his arms. 
“I could stay here all night too,” I whispered back. My night was perfect.
Chapter 9


Madalyn and Brad moved into Bree and Steven’s seats so they could watch them on the dance floor.
“I told you this was a waste of time,” Madalyn mumbled. She crossed her arms and frowned as she watched Bree and Steven on the dance floor. “She’s damaged. Bill must have damaged her mind when he hid her memories.”
“She’s not damaged,” chided Rick.
Madalyn cocked her head at him. “Well, what would you call it then? Steven has practically thrown himself at her…and nothing.”
“She’ll come around,” Brad said. “It’s going to take time. Those memories have been locked away for fifteen years, it’s bound to take some time. Bill said if we remind her of a few of the things we used to do or say, that it would trigger the spell.”
“Stop worrying. Let nature take its course,” Sandy advised. “Obviously, her mind knows Steven.”
“What do you mean?” Rick asked.
“Well, look at them. She supposedly just met him, and yet…she’s very comfortable with him. So, clearly those memories are there—you just need to be patient.” She chuckled and shook her head.
“What’s so funny,” Rick asked.
She sighed. “Oh just remembering the stories you told me. I’m trying to picture you at a high school dance…I can’t believe you did that,” she smiled.
“We did what we needed to do. Otherwise…” Rick paused and pursed his lips. “It was the only way her parents would agree to let her out of the house. If you had been there, you would have seen how miserable she was,” he said. “All those years her parents did exactly what Bree’s enemies told them to do.”
“They followed those orders out of fear,” Sandy said as she placed her hand on his. “She’s going to be fine.”
“Dreamers,” Madalyn mumbled. “You are all dreamers. You think everything is going to fall back into place like before…but you forget, she never knew about this realm…”
“She couldn’t know about this realm,” Brad said. “It’s not going to change anything when she does know about us.”
“We’ll, see,” Madalyn snickered.
“Listen, you are all worrying needlessly,” Sandy said as she squeezed Rick’s hand. “Didn’t you tell me that from the moment she met Steven she had to be near him? And even when Bill changed your appearances so you could be around her, she gravitated toward Steven?”
“Yeah,” Rick said. “But…”
“And didn’t you say she was even comfortable around you and Brad. No matter what, you said she talked to you like she had always known you?”
“Yeah, but…”
“She’s doing that now. Her mind knows you. That’s why she is taking to Steven so well right now. You just need to give him time. Let him take her to dinner…let him spend some alone time with her. Everything will be as it should, and everything you four did to keep her safe will soon be a distant memory.”
Rick took a drink of his beer, then sat the mug down, and looked toward the dance floor. “She didn’t even notice us in Yellowstone last month. She looked right at us and…she didn’t even see us.”
“I wonder how she will take it when he tells her about us,” Madalyn mumbled.
Brad gave her a warning glare. “You let Steven tell her, understand? Bree will handle it. When she knows all of this, she’ll understand, and she’ll handle it.”
***
When Steven and I finished dancing, I stifled a yawn, but he saw it. “It’s time I get you to bed.” The way he said it caused me to smile. “Okay, let me rephrase…again. It’s time I get you to bed so you can sleep.” He kissed my hand.
“I understood you the first time. Unfortunately, I can’t argue with you. What time is it anyway? Don’t they believe in clocks here?”
“Well, no, and I think it best I don’t tell you.”
“That bad, huh?”
“Not really, it’s only two-thirty.”
We headed back to the table, and he told them he was going to walk me back to my room and would catch up with them later. Sandy stood and gave me a hug goodnight. Madalyn just gave me a weak smile. However, when Rick and Brad kissed my cheek, a memory stirred in my mind. I smiled at them, stood there for a moment longer, trying to remember that sensation from so long ago, then said goodnight to them and left with Steven.
The closer we got to my room, the slower we walked. I was dead on my feet, but didn’t want this to end, and I sensed the same with him. When we arrived at my door, I pulled the passkey from my back pocket, but he took it from me and leaned against the door, his hand gently rubbing my arm. “Can I meet you for lunch tomorrow? I’d say breakfast, but I don’t think you’ll make that.”
“I’d like that. I really had a good time this evening. Thank you.”
“I did too, and you’re welcome. I’m glad Millie finally brought you. I had decided if she didn’t bring you this time, I was going to go to Texas to meet you.” He swiped my passkey and opened the door. As he handed me the card, he reached over and kissed me on the cheek. I smiled when he looked at me. He leaned in a little closer, watching my eyes for any indication he was moving too fast, and when he saw none, he very gently kissed my lips. I raised my hand to the back of his neck, holding him to me. He stayed close after our kiss finished and cleared his throat before he could speak. “I’ll,” his voice cracked, he cleared his throat and started again. “I’ll call you later this morning. Get some rest, Princess.”
Chapter 10


I was tired, but couldn’t sleep; the events of the evening kept replaying in my mind. I tried unsuccessfully to find a comfortable position in bed, so I decided to read a few chapters of a good horror book I’d brought along, The Red Chill of the Morning. Daylight would be here soon, and then I could sleep. The voices and the sounds never came during the day. 
I tried to cut back on horror movies and books—living alone in a large home, there wasn’t anyone to run to for protection. Not that Nick had offered any protection when we were together. I always left the lights on or would find things to keep myself busy when he was gone, but when he was home the voices and the sounds stayed away.
I switched the light on and made myself comfortable, placing all the pillows around me, protecting me from the night. It was four o’clock. I picked up the book and turned it over to read the back cover. There really wasn’t anything wrong with my current selection. I’d thought the cover looked interesting, so I bought it. I opened the book to the current chapter and began reading. 

Spiders, worms, and flies crawled over the dead bodies as they lie in the mud with lightning crashing and thunder pounding all around. He stood in the shadows watching her, blood dripping from his mouth. His muscles had ripped through his shirt, and it lay tattered against his skin. The sweat and smell of blood was entirely too much for her. She screamed as he drew near, afraid for her life. She knew him. How could she have loved this, this...

Just then I heard the bar stool drag across the tile floor in the dining room, making me nearly jump out of my skin. 
“Okay, this book’s not that scary. I’ve read scarier. This is actually lame.” Then I heard the sound again. I looked at the clock: four-ten. I wasn’t going to let the sounds beat me, so I bravely got up to investigate and found the chair was still up against the table. This is ridiculous. Just go to bed. 
I tried again to go to sleep, but no luck. I kept thinking about the time I’d spent with Steven and when I thought of his kiss, I smiled. My body had actually tingled when our lips met. I wanted to fold into his arms and just stay there. I’d never felt that way with anyone. 
I sat up and turned the light on and as soon as I opened my book, I heard the sound again. “Okay, I’ll get dressed and go to the lobby and read. I’ll have some breakfast, and then catch a few hours of sleep. It will be easier to sleep during the day anyway,” I convinced myself.
***
The lobby was very busy for four forty-five in the morning, but then again, this was Vegas. I bought an extra-large white chocolate mocha, found a comfortable chair, curled up, and continued my story. 

She knew him. How could she have loved this, this creature? He looked at her, begging her to understand. The moon caused him to turn into this, but it didn’t change the love he had for her. These people meant to do her harm, and that he could not allow. He attacked them for his love of her. She had to understand that, or else his pain would be too great for him to bear. He so desperately wanted to take her in his arms, to sweep away her fears, but he knew he could not touch her in his present condition, so he ran. He ran away from her love and he ran away from her.

I stopped reading because I felt someone watching me. I slowly lowered my book and saw three familiar faces looking back at me. I shyly smiled. “Morning.” 
“What are you doing down here at this hour? I just put you to bed not more than a couple of hours ago,” Steven said. 
“I couldn’t sleep, so I came down here to read.”
“Why couldn’t you read in your room?” He looked at me suspiciously. “Just what are you reading anyway?” he asked and glanced at the book. “You scared yourself, didn’t you?” A small smile spread across his lips. 
“I take it my grandmother told you about that, too?”
His smile widened, giving me my answer.
“Well, what are you guys doing? Don’t you sleep?” I asked, taking the attention off me.
“Sure, but for this one week, we don’t sleep much. We only see most of these people once a year, so we try to make the most of it. Trust me, tonight I will sleep,” Steven said.
“I don’t get it, Squirt, you really scared yourself reading a book?” Rick asked. “I didn’t think that was possible. What’s your book about?”
I pulled it close to my chest to hide the cover.
“Ah, come on. I won’t laugh, I promise.” He was already laughing.
“It’s about a werewolf that falls in love with a young girl. He kills a few people that meant her harm. She finds out he’s a werewolf, but she still loves him—blah, blah, blah. You get the idea.”
“Can’t happen,” a semi-familiar voice said.
I looked around Steven and saw Harry standing there. I’d forgotten about him and his request to have dinner with me. “Hello, Harry. What do you mean it couldn’t happen?”
“I mean it can’t happen. Werewolves can’t fall in love with humans. It just isn’t done.” He looked serious when he said that, and I didn’t know if he was pulling my leg or he truly believed in werewolves.
“Okay, granted this may be a little far-fetched, but how do you know that a werewolf, if they existed, mind you, doesn’t retain some glimmer of someone he cares about when he makes the transition from human to werewolf? Would it not be possible for him to go somewhere away from her when the moon is full, so he wouldn’t be able to do her harm?” 
“I’m just telling you that this can’t happen because of who he is. He’s a monster, the moon drives him to kill people, and it doesn’t matter who that person is. If they are in his path, then they are dead. End of story…no magical love scene…nothing. She’s a goner.” 
“So, you are convinced that love, true love, couldn’t occur between them. That two people would not be able to get past their differences, no matter what they were, even if they loved each other.” Steven was now sitting on the arm of my chair. I hadn’t realized I was leaning against him. I didn’t even remember him moving, but there he was rubbing my shoulder. 
An awkward silence hung in the air, and I looked at Harry, trying to figure out what had happened in his life to make him so cynical. If anyone should be cynical, I would have thought it would be me, but I was still a romantic at heart. Besides, damn it…it’s fiction for heaven’s sake. Anything can happen in fiction. 
“Sorry, but I choose to believe you can overcome any obstacle life throws at you, and believe me, I’ve had enough thrown at me to last a lifetime. So, cheer up. It’s just a story.” 
He looked at me, and I looked back at him, not willing to back down from his gaze. He finally smiled. “Yeah, it’s fiction. Those monsters don’t exist.”
I started laughing. “Well, I wish you would tell that to whatever was making the noise in my room. Monsters don’t exist,” I laughed. 
Steven, who had been rubbing my shoulder throughout our exchange, finally said, “You’re still warm. Are you sure you feel okay? Have you had breakfast yet?”
“I’m fine,” and I raised my cup in answer to the breakfast question.
“Okay missy, that’s it. Coffee is not breakfast. We’re heading that way now, and you’re coming with us. Sandy, Madalyn, and I think Vicki, will be joining us—won’t she, Harry? Brad, come here and feel her head.”
I looked up at Steven. “Now why would he want to do that?”
“Sorry, I didn’t tell you. He’s a doctor, and you said you didn’t have a medical degree, but he does…several, I might add.”
I looked at Brad when he stood. “You don’t need to feel my head, I’m fine. I don’t even have a headache,” I lied.
We didn’t have to wait long before the elevator doors opened and out stepped Sandy, Madalyn, and another woman I assumed was Vicki. She wore a tanned, buckskinned dress adorned with glass beads, and moccasins with the same bead design. Her long, chocolate-colored hair hung braided over her shoulder. She wasn’t as tall as Sandy or Madalyn, but I could tell she was taller than me.
Rick met Sandy halfway and gave her a big ‘hello’ kiss. Brad was more reserved, and waited until Madalyn came to him, then he lightly kissed her on the cheek. Vicki walked directly to Harry. He picked her up in a hug and swung her around. It was a tight hug, and it made me wonder how she could breathe—it probably would have been the end of my ribs. Harry set her down, but kept an arm around her. He looked at me a little strangely, probably trying to figure me out from our last conversation. 
Steven pulled me to my feet bringing us close together, and whispered in my ear, “I’m glad you’re here.” 
***
We entered the same ballroom I’d met them in the night before. Large tables now filled the open space and three long buffet tables lined the walls. Steven kept putting items on my plate while we walked through the line, and by the time we sat at our table, my plate overflowed with food I knew I could never eat in one sitting, while his had barely anything on it; the same with Rick, Sandy, Brad and Madalyn. Harry and Vicki were apparently the only two at the table who were hungry. 
The servers brought trays around with several selections of juices. I took an orange juice while the others took a V8 and I watched them down their drinks before our server even finished pouring our coffee. I did my best to hide my surprised expression when they each ordered another glass.
The light-hearted conversation led me to believe Rick was the instigator of the group. He was a tall, handsome man with a deep, rich voice, crystal-blue eyes, and a very sexy smile. I liked him. Yes, he was a bit of a flirt, but I liked him—and in the short amount of time I’d known him, I was comfortable talking with him. He reminded me of my cousin Billy, and I could talk to Billy about anything. I knew that was a bold assumption to make—after all, I’d only just met him and here I was comparing him to Billy, but I couldn’t deny the fact that I was comfortable with him…with all of them. Once again my thoughts nagged at a memory, but I still couldn’t bring it into focus.
The banter back and forth continued, and it was quite obvious they all knew each other well. I smiled and laughed right along with them, and then out of the blue, Rick scooted around in his seat to face me and said, “Soooo, you really think a werewolf could fall in love with a human?” 
I saw his smile widen when I looked at him with a stunned expression, but not letting him get the upper hand with his orneriness, my wide-eyed stare turned just as ornery. “Just can’t let it go can ya?”
“No, I mean I’m curious. What if it were a, oh, geez I don’t know, how about a vampire and a human?”
Steven placed his arm on the back of my chair, Brad shifted in his chair to get a better view, and Sandy, Harry, and Vicki’s expressions told me they were all curious for my answer. Madalyn’s face, however, was devoid of expression, and I realized by Rick bringing me into their “circle of friends” conversation, any chance we may have had at a friendship was short-lived. 
I decided to pretend it didn’t bother me, which actually was a stretch, and continue my jousting with Rick…after all he’d started it. “That’s a leap. We were talking about werewolves, and now you’re throwing vampires in.” 
Vicki almost choked on the food she had taken a bite of. She covered her mouth, coughed, and asked, “What about werewolves?” 
Now I wished I’d left that book in my room. “It’s nothing…”
“Bree was reading a book about a werewolf falling in love with a young human, which she thinks is a possibility, and that the werewolf would not kill the one he loved if, said woman, was in his path. Now I’m curious if she thinks it is possible for a vampire to fall in love with a human,” Rick said with a triumphant grin. 
Now that he had, in good-natured fun, put the spotlight on me, I felt the need to defend my thoughts. I took another bite of my bacon, chewing it slowly as I countered my defense. “Well, first, I said they would take measures to ensure she was safe when the full moon rose; but yes, I do believe, if there were vampires, mind you, that it would be possible for a vampire to fall in love with a human and not want to kill her and drink her blood. It happens all the time in books and the movies. Gee, Hollywood wouldn’t lie to us, would they?” I popped the rest of the bacon in my mouth and grinned.
“Okay, let’s take that example: Hollywood. They also show vampires having this mesmerizing ability to seduce their female or male victims with their eyes. How would you know if it was the seduction, or real love? I mean, they have to look at each other, right? So wouldn’t it be better to say he, the vampire, is the one in love, but the female is not really in love with him?”
 Steven shifted slightly in his seat. His thumb was rubbing my shoulder again. Everyone was watching me, waiting for my comeback, and Rick smiled a “gotcha” smile.
I poured a little syrup over the rest of my bacon, picked up a piece, and took a bite. I thought about my answer for a few moments and then, confident my answer would settle this discussion, I said, “No…I don’t believe a vampire can mesmerize all women. If, for instance, let’s say they met and let’s say he, the vampire, fell in love with her first, I don’t think he would try to seduce her that way. I think the love that he felt for her would not let him destroy her. He wouldn’t want that, if indeed he loved her. So then I think naturally, if it was meant to be, she would, in turn, fall in love with him.” Steven's hand was now gently rubbing the back of my neck and it felt good because my head was pounding. 
“Ball’s in your court, Rick,” Steven laughed. 
Steven’s remake got a chuckle out of Brad, and when Rick looked at me, I could tell my answer settled nothing…he was not ready to let this go. “Okay, let’s take that scenario. What if she didn’t return his love? Would he destroy her?”
My response was quick, and I smiled at him and very softly said, “No, not if he truly loved her.” 
Sandy decided to chime in at this point. “Do you not think all men, human or vampire,” she smiled, “are capable of…what was the word you used, darling? Ah yes, mesmerize. Don’t you think all men are capable of mesmerizing a woman into making her think he is the one she wants?” Sandy was a confident woman. Since having met her, she always sat poised in her chair, never slouching, always sitting straight. I liked her. She was fun, but she was also a flirt, just like Rick. 
“Sure, and I also think women are just as capable of the same. But what I was getting at, is, if they love each other, then they have to accept each other the way they are, no tricks. All the flaws are out there in the open, and they accept it and move on. Otherwise, I don’t think it would really be love they shared. They’d just be hot and heavy for each other and would share a romp or two and say goodbye.”
“I hope you remember that,” said Madalyn. “Loving someone, no matter what their flaws are.” She glared at me as she twisted her fork in her hand, which gave me a very uncomfortable feeling. Steven stopped rubbing my shoulder, and I felt him tense. Suddenly, she set the fork down, sat straight, and averted her eyes from me. I looked at him and saw him glaring at her, and I started feeling bad that I had intruded into their group, and that my intrusion caused a problem…a rift in their circle. I started thinking it would be better if I stayed in my room and let them have their time here to themselves. I felt my necklace warm against my chest, and I felt a calming sensation come over me. No, I need to be here. 
Vicki cleared her throat and started the conversation again, drawing my attention away from the standoff between Steven and Madalyn. “So, you think the same for werewolves as well?
Thankful to have something else to focus on…even if we were still on the same subject, I quickly answered, “I think that if they exist—werewolves, vampires, witches, and whatever other mythical sprits are out there in the world—they can fall in love with humans, if that’s what they would call us, yes.”
“But, what if they do exist?” she asked. 
The table quieted. Steven's hand massaged my neck. Brad cleared his throat. I sensed Rick leaning toward me, and that caused me to look at him. He grinned a mischievous grin and with a flex of his eyebrows, he said, “Yeah…what if?” 
Somehow I knew if I told him I didn’t believe in that sort of thing, it wouldn’t bring an end to this conversation, so…I took another approach. “Well, that’s just great.” I said as I stared back at him. He smiled. “I couldn’t sleep before and now you expect me to go to my room and sleep?” I laughed and looked at Steven. “Someone is going to have to check under the bed and in the closets then.” I glanced over his shoulder at the clock on the wall. “Don’t you guys need to be going to your reunion? Oh, and Rick,” I said and shifted around to look at him. “I’ll let you know what happens when I run into a vampire or a werewolf.”
“Okay, Squirt, you do that,” he said and tapped my nose, “because I would be very interested in what you think then.”
We left, and Steven and I stopped at the elevator, but the rest continued toward the ballroom.
I reached to press the elevator button, but he took my hand in his. When I glanced up at him, he smiled, and I gave him a shy smile in return. 
“Please, don’t pay any attention to Madalyn. She’s just…”
“Overprotective?” I offered. 
He nodded. “Yeah, something like that.” He cleared his throat. “I am really glad you came this year.”
“I know…you told me that.”
He looked down at our hands before he pressed the elevator button. “Would you like me to walk you back to your room? I could check under the bed and in the closets if you like,” he teased with a raised eyebrow.
I gave him a coy grin. “I think I’ll be just fine, it’s daylight. Everyone knows monsters only come out at night. You go ahead.”
“I’ll call you later.” 
“Promise?” I hurriedly said.
He kissed me. “Promise.” 
I silently cursed the elevator gods when the door opened, but stepped in anyway and waved goodbye until they closed.
Once in my room, I opened all the curtains and took a cool shower. I put on my comfortable sweats, phoned for a wakeup call at eleven o’clock, then fell blissfully asleep. 
***
I got my wakeup call and stumbled to the bathroom to wash my face and brush my teeth. The phone rang again, this time it was Steven.
“Say, I know we were going to have lunch, but I’m going to finish up here. You get some more rest, and we’ll spend the night together again. You have got to be tired, and I don’t want you falling asleep halfway through the evening,” he laughed. “I promise you an elegant dinner to make up for lunch, but to be honest, I wouldn’t want to come back here after seeing you. It was hard enough to let you leave after breakfast.” 
I told him to come up when he was done and we would spend the rest of the day together. As I was hanging up, I noticed the message light was on. I picked up the receiver, and pressed #7 to listen to the message.

Your sisters love you very much, and our fates rest with you. Do not speak of us until the time is right. You will know when to tell the others.

That was it. My sisters? I don’t have any sisters. I don’t have any brothers either, only cousins. I figured they must have gotten the wrong room, or it was a prank call.
I decided not to lie back down, instead I sat on the sofa to watch a little TV. My eyes grew heavy, and the next thing I knew someone was knocking on the door. I stumbled to the peephole, and when I saw it was Steven, a smile crossed my lips.
 “Hi,” I said when I opened the door and instinctively raised my arms for a hug. I was beginning not to even think of these little things as odd any longer. He wrapped his arms around me and picked me up, stepped inside, and closed the door with his foot all while he kissed my neck. 
“You smell so good.” He kissed my neck again. “I missed you today. Are you ready? I promised you an elegant dinner.”
“Give me a minute.” I went into the bathroom to freshen up. My headache was back and just enough of an annoyance that I took three aspirin. I washed my face, brushed my teeth, rechecked myself in the mirror, flipped off the light, and walked quickly into the living room. “Ready,” I announced when I walked in and then saw he wasn’t alone. Brad and Rick had stopped by. “Hello guys. What’s up?” I asked.
“Hey, Squirt—did you get your rest today?” Rick asked as he came over to me, wrapped my arm around his, and started walking with me toward the door. 
“Yes, I did. Thank you for asking. Yet, I ask again, what’s up?”
“Well, we’re here to see if you and Steven would like to go bowling. Now before you turn your nose up to spending another night with all of us, we would really like to spend some time with you. I know, I know, he promised you a quiet, elegant dinner, but you don’t want to go to a stuffy restaurant. Come on, doesn’t pizza and beer sound better? You like to bowl and I know you like pizza, and beer goes with pizza so I know you like beer.”
“You know this, do you?” I looked at him suspiciously, then turned, and saw Brad and Steven smiling. “It would appear Madalyn was right about one thing.”
“And what would that be?” Brad asked.
“I should have grabbed Steven from the beginning and started running. Yes, I do like to bowl, and I do like pizza and beer, so let’s go.” 
Chapter 11


We met up with the others in the lobby. 
“I told you, Bree. Didn’t I warn you? You should have listened,” Madalyn said with a forced smile. It was an attempt to mend fences, and I wasn’t one to carry a grudge, so I accepted her unspoken apology.
“Yes, you did warn me.” 
She smiled again, and this time it didn’t seem forced. Pulling Brad with her, she turned and walked in the direction of the arcade.
We entered the bowling alley, collected our shoes, selected our balls, and went to our lanes.
“Now,” Brad said, as he draped his arm over my shoulders, pulling me close to him. “What should we do here? Boys against girls, two guys and a girl against two girls and a guy?” I watched him as he spoke. He was proper and polite, and quite handsome. I liked and trusted him. His eyes smiled at me, and for the short time I’d known him, I felt as if I was a challenge to him and he liked it. I don’t know why I felt that way, but I placed my arm around his waist and looped my thumb in his belt loop. He lightly squeezed my shoulder. Madalyn and I must truly be having a truce, because she didn’t seem bothered in the least with me standing next to her husband.
“I think we should play girls against guys,” Rick said.
“Not fair, you guys are stronger than us, and you play this game more than we do,” Sandy pouted.
“You have nothing to worry about, darlin’,” Rick said as he wrapped Sandy in his strong arms and kissed her neck. “Bree is a very good bowler. She can probably out-bowl us.”
I gave him a confused look. “Now exactly how would you know this?”
“We know Bill, remember?” he said.
“Yeah, well, you know he likes to embellish. We’ll go boys against girls, but you can’t slack. You can’t let us win just because I’m the newbie.” 
“Okay, done,” agreed Rick.
Steven and Brad laughed and shook their heads. “We might as well just sit this one out and let those two battle it out,” Steven said and winked at me. 
Everything started moving in slow motion. I heard their muffled voices and saw them laughing with one another. I even saw Madalyn smile and playfully swat Rick’s shoulder. I watched Brad help Sandy select another bowling ball, and I saw Steven putting his shoes on. My mind started searching through those files again. Something was familiar with this setting, but I just couldn’t get past the heavy curtain that was hiding a place…a time…where this all seemed to have happened before. My memory showed me standing next to Billy, but everyone else in the scene was a blur. I closed my eyes and shook my head. My hands pressed on my temple and a sharp pain shot to my eyes and made them water. After a few moments, I opened them and Steven was standing in front of me. He placed his hands on my shoulders and leaned down to look me in the eyes.
“Are you okay?” he asked. 
“Yes...I’m okay...I think I got entirely too much sleep today, that’s all. Let’s bowl.” 
Rick and I went first for our groups. We both bowled strikes the first couple of frames. You could tell the others' hearts just weren’t in it. Sandy didn’t like sticking her fingers in the holes of the balls because of her nails, and Madalyn didn’t like being in shoes other people had worn. 
Steven and Brad were good bowlers, but decided to sit out since it wouldn’t be fair with three against one. That left Rick and me, and true to his word, he wasn’t cutting me any slack. The first ten frames, we were even. The second match I pulled ahead, but not by much. Now we were on our third set and he was ahead. I had one more ball to throw and if I picked up the number one pin, I’d win the game. That was all I had to do, knock the number one pin down. 
“Huh,” Rick said as he came up behind me. “You should be able to pick that up with no problem,” he assured me. “No sweat. Just straight down the middle.” 
“Are you trying to rattle me?” 
“Nah, not at all. I’m just encouraging you.” 
I looked at him skeptically. “Uh-huh, well, go stand back there.” I nodded back toward the table.
He raised his finger to his lips to signal he would be quiet, crossed his arms over his chest, and motioned with a nod for me to continue. I shook my head, gave him a grin then turned back to face the number one pin. Simple enough. I’ve done this a thousand times. 
I lined the ball up, and readied myself for my approach. I had just taken my first step, and lowered the ball in my swing, when I heard him clear his throat. I stopped, and quickly turned to look at him. My brow creased and I gave him a stern look. He smiled and with his hand, motioned I should move a little to the left. 
“I’ve watched you, and your throw pulls to the right.” He came up behind me and positioned the ball in my hands. His large hands enveloped mine. He was so close to me that I could smell his aftershave. “There, now you should hit it.” He moved back, crossed his arms again, and motioned with his hand I should continue. I saw Steven and Brad fighting to contain a laugh. I turned back, and quickly went through my approach so he couldn’t interrupt me again. All three of them came to join me after the ball left my hand, but this time it veered to the left and missed the pin all together.
I immediately spun around on Rick, my hands resting on my hips, and my eyes narrowed on him. “My throws pull to the right?” I questioned him and crossed my arms. 
“Huh, I could have sworn they pulled to the right, maybe it was the left. Oh well, I guess that means I won!” He broke out in a laugh and messed my hair. “Let’s eat.”
As we ate, we bantered back and forth about who was better. I wasn’t tired. I knew my arm would be sore tomorrow, but I’d enjoy our bowling match. Even my headache was gone.
Everyone wanted to go dancing, but before we neared the bar, Steven pulled me close. “Are you tired? We don’t have to go dancing—we can go for a walk if you want. We could see a show. Hell, we’re in Vegas, I’m sure you don’t want to spend all your time dancing.”
“I get to dance with you and be close to you, right?”
He kissed my forehead. “I wouldn’t have it any other way.” 
***
We sat in the same seats, at the same table we’d been at the night before, and gave our drink orders to the waitress. The room was moderately crowded, and several couples were on the dance floor. Brad asked me for a dance, and I graciously accepted.
I saw Madalyn’s glaring stare at Steven as he stood and kissed my cheek as I got up, telling Brad not to keep me away too long. I took Brad’s hand, and he led me to the dance floor. My steps quickened to keep up with him, and when we reached the dance floor, he gently pulled me around and into his arms. I felt a rush of energy from him as he drew me near, and it made me shiver. I hoped he hadn’t noticed. He gave no indication that he had. The tempo of the music was moderate, which allowed him to hold me in his arms, but kept us moving on the floor. He talked quietly in my ear, asking me if I was enjoying myself. He was glad I’d decided to come this year, and I assured him I was just as glad I’d come. 
The music ended and when he raised my hand to his lips for a kiss, his eyes sparkled. “I enjoyed that and you’re a very good dancer. May I be so bold as to ask for another?”
I smiled at him. “I would love to dance with you again.” 
The music started, but this time it was a much slower song. I thought I would feel a little awkward dancing that close to him, especially with the way his wife was acting. However, there was no awkwardness to our movements. His arms held me close to him in such a loving way, I felt I was supposed to be there, tenderly tucked into him. When the music ended, he softly whispered a hushed “thank you” in my ear. I smiled back my reply.
***
When we arrived back at the table, Rick was ready to begin teasing me again. “Well, Squirt, how’s the arm?” He gently squeezed my upper arm after I sat down next to him.
“It’s good right now, but I’m sure it will be sore tomorrow. It’s been awhile since I’ve bowled,” I said.
“She’s improved,” Steven said.
I looked at him, my eyes narrowed with disbelief. “Okay, I give. Just how do you know all of this? I’m not buying into any of that ‘this all came from Billy’ nonsense. I know I have never met any of you before this reunion, and I’m around my cousins a lot. I can honestly say I do not remember ever having seen any of you.”
“Simple, you’re never there when we are. They do talk a lot about you. For instance, we know about your stuffed toy collection that you’ve had since you were ten,” Rick said. “Also, you had a very special stuffed toy. It was a bear, wasn’t it? It always sat in the middle of your bed. I think you got that when you were what, eighteen?”
“Seventeen,” I corrected, completely mystified as to how he knew that. “And yes, it is a special bear.” I remembered how angry I’d gotten at Nick when he wouldn’t let me have it on our bed when we were married. However, it was back in my possession now, and it sits on my bed. My leg brushed up against Steven’s leg, checking to ensure he was still there, and he rested his hand on mine giving me the reassurance I needed. 
“Who gave you the bear?” Sandy asked.
I started looking for that file again, the one that was hidden away somewhere in my brain. “It came from someone I used to date a long time ago,” I chuckled. “Strange, the name escapes me at the moment. That’s a terrible thing to say. I can’t even remember his name, but I do remember I didn’t want to get rid of the bear, so Mom kept it for me. It all was so long ago.” 
Steven stood at that moment and announced. “I’m going to have a dance with my Princess, so if you will excuse us,” he took my hand and led me to the dance floor.
***
“Steven,” I began after we assumed our position. “I can’t explain this…I really feel I should know you guys, but I can’t place any of you. It’s like I’ve lost years out of my life, and I don’t know where they went.”
“Don’t worry about it. You’re here now, we can start new memories,” he whispered.
I raised back and searched his eyes. “Were you a part of my memories?” I did my best to keep my chin from trembling. 
He smiled…and without answering, he twirled me around, and tucked me into his chest, and we started swaying with the music. I felt safe in his arms and I didn’t want to move from his hold, so I placed my question on a shelf in my mind and nuzzled into his chest. I inhaled deeply and mumbled, “You smell delicious. What is that, Brut?”
“Yes,”
“I like it on you.”
“I know.”
***
Brad and Rick stared in frustration at Bree and Steven while they danced. 
“We may need to bring Bill in a little sooner, so he can just lift the damn spell instead of her trying to remember on her own. Martha must have added a little something after Bill hid her memories. He said she should start to remember if we just reminded her of a few things,” Rick said.
“Yeah, I’m concerned about those headaches. He’ll be here tomorrow night. Let’s wait and see what happens then,” Brad said as he took a drink of his beer.
“Okay, what part of ‘alone time’ did you two not understand?” Sandy asked. “Why on earth did you take her bowling? Why don’t you just let him take her out for a romantic dinner for crying out loud? You guys are making this way too complicated.”
“We are, huh? Well, Bill told us to do things we used to do with her, and we used to take her bowling. Steven said he could feel her frustration last night, and when she was younger and was just on the edge of bursting with all that pent-up anger at not being allowed to do things, we’d take her bowling and let her take her frustrations out on the bowling ball…baseball too, for that matter. You should have seen her fast pitch. Damn, that was one wicked pitch,” Brad laughed. 
“Let Steven spend some ‘private time’ with her…and then he can get rid of her frustrations in another…more enjoyable way,” Sandy said smiling. 
“That…might be a little dangerous at the moment,” Brad said and winked at her. “Steven needs to pace himself. I’m sure his frustrations are a little on the high side as well. He hasn’t been able to hold her for fifteen years. Let him calm a little.” Brad and Rick started laughing.
“Maybe I should go cut in on him,” Rick teased.
“Then I’ll cut in the next time. That should get him all riled up. Let’s just see what he’s made of,” Brad laughed.
“You two are so bad,” Sandy laughed. “That is not going to help him calm, Richard. Why do you want to torture him?”
“Because it’s what guys do. We can have it, he can’t, and it’s fun.” 
“You may want to go throw some cold water on him,” Brad encouraged.
“I’ll be back shortly.” He kissed Sandy and made his way to the dance floor.
***
“Go away, Rick,” Steven said, “she’s all mine now. You have a wife, dance with her.”
“Nah, I really want to dance with Bree at the moment. Besides, Brad needs to talk to you anyway.”
We stopped dancing. “Why?”
“He just needs to talk to you. Go on. I promise I will bring her back to you, now go.” 
Rick slipped my hands into his, started moving me away from Steven and waved his hand at him telling him to head toward the table. 
“Are you having a good time?” he asked after Steven left.
“Yes, I really am having fun. Why?”
“Just checking. Steven’s having a good time, and it’s been a long time since I’ve seen him this happy. You’re good for him, Little One.” When our dance ended, we stayed on the floor as another one began. “You don’t mind, do you? I didn’t get a full dance.” 
“No, I don’t mind, Richard. Why would you think that?” 
“Richard, hmmm? Am I in trouble?”
“No, silly, why would you ask such a thing?”
“Well, you used my proper name. We always knew we were in trouble with your grandmother when she used our proper names. I just thought, you, being her granddaughter, that maybe the apple didn’t fall far from the tree.” 
“No, you aren’t in any trouble.” The scent of his cologne seeped into my memories and that spurred a thought…I couldn’t remember ever noticing cologne on any of the other men I dated. I will agree there were few dates, but I never noticed it on Nick, Jared, or Fred. I knew they wore it, but I couldn’t smell it. I could always smell Billy’s cologne, he wore Old Spice, and I loved that smell on him. Every time he hugged me, I drank it in. Brad wore Old Spice, too. The smell was different on him than it was on Billy, but I liked it. Steven wore Brut, and I loved that scent. Rick was wearing musk and his smell was delicious. I inhaled deeply. “I like that smell on you.” I tensed and felt his chuckle. “Oh my, did I just say that out loud?”
“Yes, you did, Little One,” he laughed. “I’m glad you like it. I’ll make a note to always wear it around you. You do realize I will have to hold you close so you can get your fill—you won’t have a problem with that, will you?”
“Now you’re teasing me.” 
“No, I’m not teasing you, I’m very serious. I will pick you up and hold you tight so you can have your fill.” The music ended and he reluctantly released me from his embrace. He kissed the top of my head. “Thanks, Squirt. It was fun dancing with you again.” 
Again? Again? But I’ve just met him. How could I have danced with him before? I kept searching for that damn file. The answers were there—I just needed to find them. 
Since I slept so much during the day, I was able to stay up all night. By five, we headed for breakfast. Our time together passed all too quickly, and soon it was time for them to go to their reunion.
Steven whispered in my ear, “Let me walk you up to your room. I don’t need to be anywhere but with you now.” Then he smiled and arched an eyebrow.
“I’ll be fine, you go on and do what you need to do. We can spend more time together tonight. You know, we need to get you to bed sometime soon.”
“Are you offering?”
My heart started racing and I felt warmth on my face. I looked at him and smiled, “I’m not going to rephrase that.”
“Good, I’ll see you soon.” 
The elevator doors opened and out stepped Gran and George. “Oh, Bree, I’m so glad I found you!” She wasn’t doing a very good job at hiding her concern. She quickly spoke her ‘hello’ to everyone. “I need to talk to you about something.” 
“Okay. What’s up?”
Steven looked at my grandmother, and then leaned in and kissed me on the cheek. “I’ll talk to you later.” I smiled my goodbye to him. 
Gran pulled me away from the elevator and over toward the hall that lead to a row of phones. She wore a serious expression on her face, and George seemed concerned too. 
Steven, Brad, and Rick had noticed my grandmother’s worried expression, and I could tell by the way they looked at one another, they were going to offer to stay, but I shook my head and waved them on, turning back to my grandmother. “Okay, okay. What’s up? What’s gotten you so upset? Steven has been very gentlemanly, nothing to worry about.”
“That’s good, dear, but I’m not worried about him right now. I’m worried about you. Now I don’t want you to get upset, dear, but he’s here,” she whispered.
“Who’s here, Gran?” I played along.
“Nick!” 
Chapter 12


My breath left me and my smile vanished when I heard my grandmother say his name—and I was certain my heart stopped beating. My shoulders tensed and I felt the dread creeping in—actually more like rushing in. “What’s he doing here? Does he know I’m here? Have you seen him?” 
“We ran into him last night at the casino. And yes, he knows you’re here,” she informed me.
“Great.” Immediately, I started staring at every face that walked by us, looking for him.
“I don’t know how he knows, but he does, and he said he’s aiming to be talking to you soon. You have to promise me you’ll be careful. He’s mean, and he’s just gotten meaner because of the divorce. There’s no telling what he might do, Bree,” she warned.
“Well, I’ll just make sure he doesn’t see me. I’m going to my room now anyway, so you go on and visit with your friends, I’ll be fine.”
“You have my cell phone number if you need me?” 
“Yes, but I’m sure I’ll be fine,” I assured her. I didn’t want her to think I was scared, and I most certainly didn’t want her to tell Steven I was scared… but damn, I was absolutely petrified.
I turned and headed back toward the elevators. George and Gran followed me and stood with me while I waited. I sensed Gran’s worry and that made the waiting worse. I nervously patted my leg, praying the elevator doors would open soon. However, when they did, I wished I hadn’t said that prayer because Nick stepped out followed by his friends, Fred and Jared. You didn’t see one without the other two. They moved to stand slightly in front of Nick and acted as if they were his bodyguards, which I thought ridiculous. Who did they think was going to hurt him? Surely, they didn’t think I could hurt him. However, they stood protectively in front of him, in their gangster-styled suits, with their arms crossed, flexing their muscles. All three of them looked more muscular than I remembered.
I stepped back out of arms reach, more out of habit than anything else. Certainly Nick wouldn’t grab me in public. 
“Hello, Nick. What brings you here, business, or pleasure?” I asked.
“Both,” he said dryly. The other two gorillas just sneered. “I take it your grandmother told you I wanted to see you.”
“Yeah, she mentioned it. I really don’t have anything to talk to you about though. You know we’re supposed to be handling everything through the lawyers. So, have your lawyer call my lawyer, if you would please.” I didn’t want to appear unnerved, and I most certainly didn’t want to make a scene in front of everyone. I bid him goodbye in as courteous a manner as I could muster, and turned away from him as if I didn’t have a care in the world. But before I could take a step, he lunged at me, grabbing my left wrist to pull me back.
“No, I think I will talk to you directly, and I think I will talk to you NOW.” 
He twisted my arm and raised it high behind my back, causing me to walk on my tiptoes. He sneered at my grandmother, and I saw George move toward me. 
“Don’t even think about it old man,” Nick said as he pulled my arm up more. I held my hand up and George stopped, then Nick pushed me in the direction he wanted me to go in—back toward the elevators, where I saw Jared push the button. 
I tried to pull my arm back, but he twisted harder and I heard a pop…then I felt a hot, ripping pain shoot from my shoulder down the length of my arm. A burning sensation rose from my wrist to my elbow, and tears came quickly to my eyes. I grabbed my arm and told him to let go, trying to keep my voice down so not to cause a scene, but no one had noticed him grab me, or his voice getting louder. People continued to pass by as if nothing serious was happening. 
Then George did the strangest thing. He came toward me and laid his hand on Nick’s hand and my arm, and said in such a calm and commanding voice, “That will be enough. You will release her now.” His eyes looked menacingly toward Nick. I twisted my head around as much as I could, and that was enough for me to see the fear in Nick’s eyes. A moment later, he released my wrist. 
Fred and Jared made a move to intervene. George looked at them and they stopped, and all three of them stood stone-still, facing away from the elevators. George pushed me forward and as we passed them he said, “You will let her pass to her room, and you will not follow her. Do I make myself clear?” I saw their nods, and Nick’s reaction surprised me. I’d never seen him back down like that in all the years I’d known him. “Millie, you go on to meet your group, and do what you need to do. I will make sure she gets to her room safely.” 
George cradled my arm in his hand as we stood waiting on the elevator. My shoulder hurt and my wrist and elbow were seriously starting to swell now. 
When the elevator doors opened, we entered and I looked back in complete amazement. Nick, Jared, and Fred were still doing as they were told, but just as the elevator doors began closing, they wobbled forward as if they were coming out of a trance and turned to look at me. They started toward us just as the doors closed. I knew we had a head start, and I prayed they wouldn’t make it to my floor before I was safely in my room.
George gently rubbed my wrist and I shook with the throbbing pain in my arm. Nick was not someone I wanted to make mad. I’d realized that during our marriage, but his assaults had always been away from other prying eyes. He’d never done anything like this in public. 
Now, here I stood with another altercation under my belt, and maybe a broken shoulder or wrist…the elbow didn’t look too good either. George was being so kind. I didn’t even know him, yet here he was, protecting me. 
“Thank you,” I was able to manage. “I’m sorry about this, but you should go back and meet your friends. I’ll be fine…really. I’ll call the house doctor when I get to my room.” I tried to move my hand, wincing and swallowing hard for fear I might see my breakfast on the floor. I was able to move my fingers, so hopefully that was a good sign, and maybe nothing was broken. 
“No, I will feel much better once I get you safely to your room, and I know Millie will feel better too,” he said. “He really should not have done this. I’ll stay with you until the doctor comes. That way I can take the news back to your grandmother. I’m sure she’s worried sick.”
I wasn’t sure if I was shaking more from the pain or the fear I tried to hide. I needed this to go away. I didn’t want anyone to see me like this. I didn’t want anyone to know. I healed quickly all the other times. I never knew why I healed as quickly as I did. Mom always said it was just the way I was born and she and Dad never worried about it, but I knew that was the reason they wouldn’t allow me to play sports in school. I knew she was afraid people would think I was some kind of freak. All I could do was pray this injury would heal fast too, especially before I saw Steven this evening.
The elevator doors opened and we stepped out and I saw two people waiting at the door to my room. Brad and Steven. How did they get here so quickly? 
George greeted them and gently transferred my arm to Brad’s outstretched hands. I still winced and Brad apologized. I glanced at Steven, and saw his jaw tense. I tried to smile but I was so close to tears, I didn’t pull it off. I reached in my back pocket to retrieve my passkey and stepped toward the door, only to have Steven take the key from me and open the door. 
“Steven, in my bag you’ll find a small blue bag. Fill it with some ice, please,” Brad said. “Thanks, George. We’ll take it from here. Millie’s very upset, so you might want to get down there to calm her down. We don’t want her temper to get the better of her. She’s blaming herself, thinks she should have ridden the elevator up with her instead of talking to her in the lobby.”
“That’s nonsense,” I mumbled. “He would have found me one way or the other. I just don’t know what possessed him to do this.”
George left and Steven brought the ice bag back and waited for Brad to finish examining my injury. “Does this hurt?” 
I winced. “No.” 
“Bree, answer honestly.” 
“Yes,” tears stung my eyes, “so let’s not do that.” I stole a look at Steven. His jaw was clenched and his eyes were set on my wrist. Oh God, what must he think? He’s probably trying to figure a way out of this relationship, if indeed it is a relationship. I’m sure he doesn’t want to get involved with someone who has a crazy ex-husband. 
I looked away, not wanting that to happen. I knew he would find a way to get out of calling me later. For the first time in a very long time, I had been enjoying myself, and now this. 
“Okay, I’m sorry. I’m just checking everything out. Looks like just a severe strain on your wrist and elbow,” Brad said before he reached his hand through the neck of my shirt and placed his hand on my shoulder. He pressed gently. “It’s dislocated.” His touch was cool, like Steven’s, and my skin was very hot, so it felt good against my shoulder. While he examined my arm, he asked, “Are you feeling okay? You’re quite warm.”
“I’m fine. I don’t know why I’m hot, but I feel fine.”
He looked at me and raised my chin so I would look at him. “Are you sure, Breezy-bear?”
I stared at him. Somehow, that sounded so right coming out of his mouth. Steven moved beside me and placed his hand on my back. I glanced down at floor to gain some courage before I looked at him, and when I did, he smiled and I felt every muscle in my body tighten with excitement. I smiled back before I looked at Brad. 
“Yes, I’m sure.”
“Okay,” he watched me a few seconds more, and then said, “Steven, why don’t you ah…hold her close. This just might hurt a little bit. No, it’s probably going to hurt a whole hell of a lot, so let me apologize now. We’ll do it on three,” he said.
I knew what was coming, and I didn’t want him to do it at all. I tried to move my arm from his hold, but he held firm and looked at me with a very apologetic smile. “We can do this the easy way and be done with it, or the hard way…it’s your choice.”
“Could you explain to me what the hard way is?”
He winked. “Steven, hold her.” Then he shook his head as he laughed. “It will be over very quickly.”
Steven wrapped his arm around me and pulled my head to his chest. “Shhh, it’s going to be fine. Don’t watch.” All I heard was another pop and the lights went out. 
When I came to, I was lying on my bed. I tried to shake the cobwebs from my head and saw Brad wrapping my arm. “Just lie still, I’m almost done,” he said in his best bedside-manner voice.
“I didn’t even hear a count,” I mumbled quietly. “I’m really sorry about this.”
“I like to do those types of adjustments by surprise, doesn’t give you a chance to tense.” He smiled down at me. “And what do you have to be sorry about? This is what I do.” Then he winked. “All finished.” He patted my arm. “Do you want to tell us what happened?” They were both looking at me with serious expressions. 
“I think I passed out.”
Brad laughed. “I know that. I mean downstairs.”
“Oh, that.” I raised my eyes to peer up at Steven. I didn’t want to go into this. I was completely mortified and I was sure Madalyn would have a field day with this. I would be the laughing stock of their little group. She would tell Steven he needn’t get involved with someone who’s life is such a mess, and I couldn’t blame her...my life was a mess. I started rubbing my feet together, the panic returning to my stomach. I could feel my pulse racing. I was going to have to explain things, and I didn’t want to do that. I wanted to avoid my past like the plague. I looked away from them…and then it started again. I heard Steven’s voice in my head. 
She’s starting to panic. 
Then I heard Brad say, I know.
Okay...okay…don’t look at them. Take deep breaths. I can do this. I’m not crazy. I’m just stressed right now, and I only think I’m hearing them.
“Aubrey, look at me. I’m your doctor, and I want to know what happened. Would you like me to ask Steven to step outside?”
Deep breaths. Keep taking deep breaths. “No, it’s no big deal. I’ll handle it, you needn’t worry about it.” I didn’t know if I could continue talking without crying. I found a distant point on the ceiling, and stared at it. I swallowed hard, doing my best to keep my fear from getting the better of me.
Brad moved from the bed, and Steven sat down next to me. He leaned over me, and began to rub my swollen arm. “Bree, please, I want to know what happened.” His low, soft voice didn’t contain any hint of anger and his eyes didn’t judge me. “Princess, talk with me.” He moved the few strands of hair that hung over my eyes.
I looked up at him and saw Brad behind him. He smiled and winked at me, and gave me an encouraging nod to tell them. Steven took my hand in his and gave it a squeeze, and an awareness of a past memory hung in the back of my mind encouraging me to take a chance, to open myself up to him. I closed my eyes and huffed a laugh. “I suppose it’s only fair to let you know who you’re getting involved with.” I cleared the fear from my throat and began my story. 
“I’m not supposed to speak directly to him.”
“To whom?” Steven asked.
I drew a deep breath and saw a quick vision of him storming out of the room once I told him. “My…ah…ex-husband.” 
He looked down at our hands and gave a little squeeze, then looked back at me with loving eyes. “Okay…go on,” he whispered. 
“We are supposed to handle all of our communications through our lawyers. Dad doesn’t like Nick…that’s my ex...Nick didn’t care what we were supposed to do. He wanted to talk to me…and with Fred and Jared backing him up, it made me nervous because it didn’t look like they were planning to take me to a public place to have a discussion. Jared had pushed the elevator button, and I just…got scared. I didn’t want it to happen again.” I clenched my jaws to keep from crying. 
“Didn’t want what to happen again?” Steven asked.
I cleared my throat and continued with my story, avoiding that particular question. I watched his face while I told him of the events downstairs, and I could see his jaw muscles tighten.
“If I hadn’t tried to pull my arm away, this wouldn’t have happened. I should have gone with him to see what he wanted. I could have asked to go to a public place. I’m sure I would have been fine. You two wouldn’t be missing your reunion, and I wouldn’t have my arm in a bandage. You need to go back to your friends. I’ll be fine. I’ll stay in my room. I’ll not be a bother to anyone.” 
The worst was over. I’d told them what had happened. Now I had to wait for the other shoe to drop. I closed my eyes and listened to the silence and I didn’t hear anything out of the ordinary. Relieved it was just my imagination, I let out the breath I held, opened my eyes, and saw Steven smiling at me.
“This is not your fault. You’re not going to remain captive in your room, and you are most certainly not a bother to anyone,” he said. “As far as the reunion goes, we come here every year, and we aren’t missing anything. Anyway, I should have walked you back to your room in the first place. I don’t think George is the one they need to be worrying about, do you, Brad?” he called over his shoulder. “You should have seen our faces when Millie came into the hall. Which reminds me, Brad, you may want to go back and let them know the patient is fine. Otherwise, Rick may already be plotting something.”
“Oh shit, that’s right.” Brad crossed one arm over his chest and his other hand was rubbing his chin while he observed me. If I didn’t know any better, I could swear he was trying to read my mind. 
Trust me. You don’t want to go there, my thoughts mused.
“I’ll be back soon. Here are some pain pills. If the pain starts getting unbearable, take one—only one.” He leaned over and kissed my forehead. “You still feel warm. When I come back, I want to run a blood test on you.” He started for the door but stopped when I called to him.
“Doctor Brad,” I mumbled. 
He turned and chuckled, “Doctor Brad, that’s good.”
“Yes, well...do you always kiss your patients on the forehead?” 
“Only the special ones,” he answered, then left. 
When we were alone, Steven asked, “Do you hurt?” 
“No, not really.”
He got up and took the blanket off the back of the chair, and came back to the bed. “Can you move toward the middle of the bed?” I scooted over. He took his shoes off, moved onto the bed beside me, and covered us both with the blanket. He pulled me toward him so my head was resting on his chest and stroked my head. “Better?” 
I nodded.
“You need to get some sleep. Close your eyes, I’m not going anywhere.”
“You probably shouldn’t get too attached to me…”
“Too late for that.”
“Do you mean that?”
“I mean that,” he whispered.
“Steven?”
“What?”
“Did you check under the bed and in the closet?”
He laughed and kissed the top of my head. “What am I going to do with you? I promise—nothing will hurt you with me here.”
“Can I take you home with me?” My voice slurred and my eyes grew heavy.
“I’m all packed.” He hugged me tighter and I fell asleep safely in his arms, without a care in the world. 
Chapter 13


With Steven cradling me in his arms, I slept peacefully. My head rested on his shoulder, my arm was on his chest, and it rose and fell with each breath he took. I felt protected, and I was able to dream.
I saw myself in a mountain meadow sitting on a blanket, surrounded by wildflowers. The slight breeze caused the ocean of grass to sway like tiny waves. I listened to the meadowlarks singing their melody in the morning sun. I could tell it was mid-morning. The sun hadn’t crested the trees, the air was still cool, and the grass still wet from the morning dew. 
I was alone in the meadow, just the birds and me. Then they appeared out of nothing. I saw them off in the distance, four individuals looking at me, watching me. Three strangers and one I knew, my grandmother. She was talking with them while they looked at me.
I watched them approach. The three were dressed in golden robes with red sashes around their waists, two men and one woman. My grandmother was dressed in her gardening clothes, her large brimmed hat shielding her eyes from the sun. She stood in front of me and took her gloves off as the others sat on my blanket with me.
“Aubrey, these are friends of mine, and they are friends of yours as well. Do you recognize them?”
“No, I don’t,” I replied.
“Aubrey, search your mind. We are there, buried deep, but we are there,” said one of the men. His hair was the color of winter wheat. His eyes were hazel. His smile was warm and his voice was soft.
“I’m sorry, but my mind seems to be playing tricks on me. My mind keeps telling me I know my new friends too, but I have no memories of them. No, sir, I do not know you.” 
“You do know us. Let your mind relax. Let your memories surface,” said the woman. Her hair was the color of gold, and her eyes were violet. I’d never seen violet eyes before. Now I knew I was dreaming.
“I’m sorry, but I have never met you.”
“You are correct, you have never met us, but you know of us. We are your Guardians. You are a Chosen One. Your mind knows this. Let it surface. Face your fears, child.”
“Bree,” my grandmother said as she knelt beside me. “What they are telling you is the truth. It’s time you knew your path. Time is short and I cannot teach you what you must know. Listen to them. Listen to what they tell you, and follow their teachings. Odessa,” she motioned to the woman, “she is my oldest friend. She will guide you through your path, better than I ever could. But I will always be there if you need to talk.” 
She stood and took a few steps, then turned back to me. “I love you, Aubrey. Always remember that.” Then she turned and faded into the field of grass.
I sat quietly and looked at the Guardians. The meadowlark continued to sing and the light breeze continued to play with the grass.
“Close your eyes, and hear my voice. Let me tell you of your path,” the one named Odessa said. “Your life has been a difficult journey, but your struggles have made you stronger, and now that your path has been corrected, you will need to draw on your strength to accomplish what must be done.”
“What am I to do?” I felt the warm rays of the sun lightly begin to kiss my face and the breeze softly played with my hair. 
“You were born human and raised human as it was written in your prophecy. You couldn’t know this realm or your path. Your thoughts needed to remain pure. Human compassion is a strong emotion and one you needed to have. It is strong in you, my dear. 
“You’ve had many trials in your young life, and you’ve overcome them. They strengthened you, and your resolve is strong. When the time came to tell you of our realm, your path had changed. You were married. The fear was great within those that guarded you, and they decided not to tell you. 
“Your path had changed and you needed to win one more battle before you could know of this realm. We watched the decisions you made. We watched as your resolve strengthened, and we watched as you made your choices. We knew then you would never be taken by the demons.”
“I don’t understand.” I opened my eyes and looked them.
“When the human, Nick, threatened your family, you stood firm in your choice and did not cry for protection. When he threatened your young cousin, Timothy, you stood firm in your choice and did not run. You could have. You could have run away and into the arms of your family, but you knew the young one would have paid the price, so instead you took the mistreatment. You viewed your choice as a mistake, but it wasn’t. 
“The Elders knew your human side better than any of us. They knew you needed to understand your strength. You still question yourself—why?”
“I don’t know, maybe because I don’t have all the facts,” I said, a little embarrassed, and very confused.
She smiled. “Then hear the facts, child. Listen to your path. You are of the age to cross into our realm, but there are still many challenges in your way. 
“When we came here, there were demons that were unique to this world. The Elders destroyed many, but many still exist. Other demons followed us here. Those were demons of our realm. They mingled with the demons that were here and became one. They are now very strong. They lead good people, magical and human, to the darker side of life.
“The Elders battled against them, many good human leaders battled against them. They did not win every battle. 
“The Elders stayed with us, teaching us. They were here to start this world, and to teach us what we needed to know. Their time here was at an end and it was time for us to learn to live on our own. However, before they departed, they embedded some of their knowledge, strengths, and skills into seeds and scattered them among several strong families, they wanted to ensure our future. When the demons come and the threat to the world grows, a Chosen One is born to help guard against them. The Elders held one seed to be dominant above all others, and only when the threat of annihilation was strongest would that child be born. That child would have all the powers, knowledge, and strengths of the Elders. That child would become our leader, our queen, and she would guide us and keep our paths straight.”
I started laughing…actually, I was on the verge of hysterics. “And you think that’s me? Oh, my...you spin a very good tale. I am neither strong enough, nor knowledgeable enough to lead anyone.”
She smiled again. “Yes, you are. You are the only one who can touch a demon and not desire their powers. Your mind is strong. You will have others to help you in your path, but only you can destroy the demons.
“You and your sisters can see the cosmic tears that allow our demons to enter this world. You must mend that fabric which binds worlds together. We were late in finding this planet…our search was longer than the Elders anticipated. We lived on many worlds before we arrived here, and our wars destroyed those places.”
After I saw how serious she and the other two were, I calmed down and my mind started taking my dream a little more seriously. “Tell me what is expected of me.”
“There is a great division in our realm. They want to dominate and destroy those that will not follow them, and they are a danger to the human realm as well. You must stop them. 
“You must destroy the demons that take them, and you must mend the fabric that holds worlds in balance. 
“You will sit on the throne of the Elders. Your mind will show you where to find it. You will guide our realm and protect the human realm. You will be our queen. 
“Your path has become more difficult, because Esmeralda, your nemesis, has found one of the demons, and she is looking for others. She harbors this one and protects it—but you must destroy it. She wants to bring this one to bodily form, and she needs what you have within you to do this. That is why she hunts you. None of the other Chosen Ones are as powerful as you are. She needs your spirit, your soul—because it is pure; your heart—because it is loving and strong; and your blood—because it is very powerful. She wants to give those gifts to the demon and make him whole. That must not happen, because if it does, there is no hope. 
“Your path will not be easy, but this is what you must do. Nothing can change; you cannot restore harmony as long as the demons survive. Through your guidance, you will mend the fractures that exist in this world and make it whole again. If you fail in your quest, the demons will destroy both realms, because that is the purpose of the demons—to destroy all that is good. This is your path now, and this will be the hardest thing for your family to understand.”
I laughed. “That’s a tall order for one person, and I might add one very young person. I know nothing of a magical realm. I know nothing of what you speak. I must be very tired. My mind is playing tricks on me. A throne, you say?”
She continued to smile at me, not dissuaded by my refusal to believe what she was telling me. “You are to become a powerful sorceress. Let your memories surface. Everything you need to know is there. You are indeed very young in body, but your mind is old and when you need the knowledge, you will have it. You have seen things, and your mind has hidden them. Let them surface. Do not be afraid.” 
“I’m not afraid, but I don’t know what you’re talking about. Are you sure you don’t have me confused with someone else?” I laughed, “I am surely very tired. A sorceress now, I am to become a sorceress. Yes, I’m tired.”
“Sleep child, then listen to your family. I will be with you always. They fear for you, so it might not be wise to let them know of the complexity of your path at this time. You will know when to tell them, but they will struggle. They have protected you for so long. It will not be easy for them to let you venture down this path. Guide them, child. Show them you are strong. Love them, child, because they love you so very much. They had no control in your directions, and it hurt them greatly to watch you suffer. Ask your questions. They will answer you truthfully.”
“I truly do not know anything,” I reminded her as she stood to leave.
“Yes, Aubrey, you do. Let Steven hold you. Let him soothe away all the pain from your past. He loves you greatly, as you love him. You will remember.”
Then she and the two others faded into the field of tall grass and were gone. 
Chapter 14


I heard the knock on the door, but it sounded so far away. My arms tightened around Steven, and I felt his tighten around me. 
There it was again, just a soft tap on the door. “Tell them to go away,” I said as I nuzzled into his chest. When I realized what I’d said, my eyes flew open, and I started to jump from his embrace, but he held me tight. “Oh gosh! I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean, oh dear Lord, did I say that out loud?”
“Yes, you did,” he laughed. “Don’t be sorry. I’ll tell them to go away if you want. They’re just concerned. Did you sleep well?” 
“Yes, very. Probably the best in a long time.” He released me from his embrace and I sat up. My arm didn’t hurt and the wrap made my arm itch, so I knew I could probably take it off. I wasn’t sure how they would react when they saw my arm back to normal. Having a horrid ex-husband was one thing, but seeing me heal right before their eyes would be a little much. I needed to work that in slowly.
He rolled off the bed. “Do you want to see them?”
In all honesty, no, I didn’t want anyone but him here right now. I was feeling selfish, and I didn’t want to share this time with anyone. I frowned and slightly shook my head while I tried to work through my thought. I only met him two days ago and now I don’t want anyone around but him. “I’m a mess. Let me go wash my face at least.” I looked at my arm trying to figure out how to handle that little problem. Maybe, if I’m lucky, Brad won’t ask to look at it. 
“I’ll let them in and come back to help.”
“No, no, I’ll manage.”
“I’ll let them in and come back to help,” he said one more time with meaning.
“Okay.”
He closed the door to the bedroom on his way out and I heard all the muffled greetings on my way toward the bathroom. I stood in front of the mirror and took stock of my appearance. My eyes were puffy from sleep and probably from my tears. My hair was going in all directions. “Lordie, what a mess.” 
I brushed my teeth, which was the easy part. I let the water run hot while I brushed my hair and then soaked a washcloth under the water. As I was trying to wring the water from the cloth, Steven stood in the doorway. He took the cloth from my hand and wrung out the water then gently washed my face.
“Better?” he asked.
“Yes. Who’s all out there?”
“Everyone.”
“Even Gran?”
“No, but Bill is.” 
“My cousin is here?” Billy was my knight, my hero, and my cousin. I don’t know what I would do if he wasn’t in my life. He was always there for me. He’s always clean-shaven, because his wife, Gina, did not like beards...not even stubble. His bright blue eyes always held a smile for me, and that smile would charm you right out of your socks if you weren’t paying attention. His hair was light brown and thick, with just a touch of gray in it, and I always made sure I ran my hands through it whenever he picked me up and hugged me. 
“Yeah, he wants to talk to you before you go out there.”
“Okay,” I took a deep breath, “Why?” 
“He just wants to talk to you.”
“Oh.” I know my face showed my confusion when I looked away.
He touched my chin with the tips of his fingers and turned my face toward him, and exhaled a heavy sigh. “I ah…oh the hell with it.” He took me in his arms and gave me a quick kiss. Then he pulled away and searched my eyes for any indication he was pushing me too fast. I gave him a shy smile and rose on my tiptoes as he leaned down to kiss me again. It was a long kiss, filled with desire and passion and I did not want it to end, but when it did, he pressed his forehead to mine and whispered, “I have wanted to do that since your first night here.” 
I held my arms around his neck and whispered, “I’m glad you finally kissed me like that.” 
He gave a quiet laugh. “I ah…Bill…he…”
“I know.”
He turned to walk away, but I grabbed his arm, and when he looked back at me, my eyes searched his face, and I know he saw my fear. 
He took my hand in his and kissed it. “I’ll let Bill know you’re ready,” he said and left.
Chapter 15


“Hey, Half Pint,” Billy said when he entered my room. “Feeling better?”
“Yeah, you know me, I’m a quick healer,” I mumbled back. 
He frowned. “Come sit with me. Brad say’s you’re to elevate your arm.” He took my good hand, and led me to the sitting area in the bedroom, stopping only to pick up the ice pack.
I wiggled my hand out of his. “Look,” I said as I started taking the wrap off. “It’s all healed now. See…I can move my fingers and bend my arm. No bruising, nothing.”
He looked at my arm for a long moment, then looked at me and sighed. “We need to have a little chat.” He took my hand again, and took a step toward the sofa, but I pulled back, and when he looked back at me, I could feel his unhappiness seep into my soul.
“What’s wrong?” His blue eyes looked so sad, and that sadness tore at my heart. 
He lowered his eyes. “The truth. I am not what I appear to be, and I am afraid to tell you what I need to tell you. Your new friends, they aren’t what they appear to be either. Damn, your entire family isn’t.”
“Okay, you’re not making any sense. We’ve always been able to talk, just tell me.”
He shook his head and looked at me. “No, we used to be able to talk, until you married Nick. Then you stopped talking to me. You stopped telling me things. You hid your problems from me, and I couldn’t help you.”
“Those were my problems. I created them. They weren’t for you to fix.”
He stepped toward me. “They almost killed you, my sweet cousin. I will kill that bastard if he ever touches you again.” A tear trickled down his cheek and I raised my finger to touch it. He took my hand, tenderly kissed it, and then held it close to his cheek. 
“Billy…how much do you know?” I whispered. I looked away, not wanting to look into those blue eyes of his…I didn’t want to see how much I’d hurt him. 
He pulled me to him for a long hug, then briskly rubbed my back before letting me go. “I know a lot, sweetheart,” he whispered. He took my hand and walked with me to the sofa, and sat next to me, placing his arm around me. “I know he was mean to you. I know you were pregnant, and now you can’t have children.” I leaned forward to move away, but his hold tightened. “I’m not letting you go, not this time.” I relaxed back into his arms and he continued. “I know he had something to do with your auto accident. There’s probably a lot I don’t know, but what I do know is enough. You don’t have all the information. You don’t know why he did these things to you, but I do, and I need to tell you everything. I’m just afraid of how you will react. I couldn’t bear it if you hated me.”
I lay my head on his shoulder. He pulled me to him and I cried, enveloped in his arms. I don’t know why, but the tears came, and all those years of pain seemed to lessen as I cried. When I had depleted all of that energy, I felt strong again and I was able to tell him everything that had happened in my marriage. 
I told him I was going to call the wedding off, but Nick had drugged me, and I woke up in Las Vegas, saying the “I do’s.” I told him about Nick having his way with me in the back seat of the car after that and that my arm was broken during that altercation. 
I told him I had every intention of leaving Nick when I got home, that I was going to have the marriage annulled. “But he threatened everyone. He said Mom and Dad approved of the marriage. I didn’t believe him, but then when we returned home and they didn’t protest, I didn’t know what to do. 
“I was confused. I felt lost, and I didn’t even know how I’d gotten to where I was. When you and your friends showed up, at first I thought you understood. I thought you were there to help me out of my mistake. But then you became quiet, you too did not protest. So, I stayed married to him. I made the mistake, so it was up to me to fix it. Nick was never gentle with me…never. It was not what I wanted in a marriage.” 
I told him how I’d tried to leave Nick several times, but somehow he always knew and he would drug me and hit me. Then he always forced himself on me. I reminded Billy that no one ever saw the bruises because I heal so quickly. 
I told him what happened that night in February, when they found me at the bottom of stairs in a pool of blood. “I’d been running from Nick. He’d gotten angry when I told him I was pregnant...he lunged for me…and I lost my balance…and I fell down the stairs.” I told him I didn’t know who called the paramedics and that I’d heard a woman crying. “I thought I was the one crying.” 
Then I told him about the car crash and how I was going to leave Nick or die trying. I told him how I’d overheard Nick tell his friends that he was going out of town, and if they wanted to pay me a visit, he didn’t have a problem with it. I told him that I waited to leave until after Nick had left, but I passed his friends on the way. My heart was pounding as I described how they were behind me and Nick’s car was in front of me. 
“They must have called him. I was sandwiched between them, but I’d made up my mind, I wasn’t going back. I stepped on the gas and ran off the road and into that tree. I wanted to die…I begged to die.” 
I told him I remembered hearing Nick yelling, and that Fred and Jared were laughing. Nick had said, “Damn fucking bitch. Is she dead, Jared? Did we finish the job?” Then I felt a hand on my wrist, and blood was everywhere. I heard Jared answer him back, ”Yeah, she’s not long for this world. Let’s let her bleed out and we’ll let them know. By the time she’s found, she’ll be dead, and you’ll be in the clear.” Then they left. I was still conscious. I don’t know how, but I was. I looked for my cell phone, but it wasn’t near me. I couldn’t move, so I just closed my eyes and waited for it to be over. 
I told him how I’d heard a woman crying again. “I would open my eyes, but I never saw anyone so I assumed I was in and out of consciousness. I was in pain, so it was probably me crying. 
“And then you came and the paramedics were with you. I remembered someone lifting me out of the car and placing me onto a stretcher. Gina was there too. She told you to go with me in the ambulance, and she would go get my parents, but just before the paramedic stuck me with the needle, I looked up at you. You were so white. You wiped the tears from your eyes, and saw that I was awake. You asked me what happened and all I could say was ‘I made a big mistake and tried to correct it.’ Then I was asleep.” 
I told him about the doctor that saved me in ICU. “Every time the nurse put a new medicine bag into the IV, he came by and changed it. That doctor kept my head from getting fuzzy again. I was able to think, and I told him I never wanted Nick in my room. He told me my dad was in the waiting room. Someone from our family other than Nick was there every day. When Dad came in, I told him everything. I told him I couldn’t divorce Nick, because he’d threatened to kill everyone…but Dad…I’d never seen him look that angry…he promised me Nick would never get near me again…I don’t know what he did, but I started the divorce proceedings before I even left the hospital. So, you see, you didn’t know everything. Why did he do those things to me?”
“No, sweetheart, I didn’t know all of that.” He kissed my forehead. “Once you have rested, we will tell you everything. But now you must sleep.”
He held me safely in his arms. I couldn’t make out the words he was saying as he stroked my face, my arms, and held my hand in his. A kaleidoscope of visions raced past my eyes, deep into my mind, lifting a curtain that had been hiding everything. I heard conversations I’d had from a long time ago. I saw faces, knew names. Those lost files began resurfacing and I was remembering. My head felt like it was being squeezed by a vice grip, and my body felt as if it was on fire. I held on to him, and he wrapped his arms around me tighter. I closed my eyes, and felt myself drifting deeper into darkness.
***
Bill held Bree in his arms as she slept and thought back to all the times he’d spent with her when she was growing up. One memory in particular kept coming to mind…it was a private memory he kept to himself.
She was fifteen. All of her friends were dating, going to parties or to the mall on Saturdays to watch a movie, but she was stuck on the ranch with adults all around. Her life was going to school and coming home. She didn’t leave the ranch unless she was with her parents or with him. Her world, in his eyes, was crumbling around her and he needed to help.
He saw the day that began his precious memory clearly in his mind. He had gone to see her and was sitting at the table. She was cleaning the kitchen when her dad came in and handed her an envelope she had received in the mail. She thanked her father and waited until he’d walked out of the room before she threw the letter in the trash. He winced in his memory of the pain in her voice when he’d asked her why she’d done that.
“Because, they won’t let me go, so there’s no point in opening it. There’s no point in asking,” she said. 
He remembered the look in her eyes, the tears she tried to hide from him, and he felt her pain as she walked out of the kitchen.
He hollered after her, asking her where she was going. 
“To the barn, at least in the loft I can see the city lights I can’t visit. I can at least dream,” she’d told him. 
He rested his head against hers and quietly chuckled as he remembered how she stomped her way through the back yard toward the back gate. Then he closed his eyes and exhaled deeply, remembering her running toward the woods instead of the barn. 
He opened his eyes and moaned softly as he remembered what he did next. His memory played like a movie in his mind as he saw himself vanish from the kitchen, and reappear in the woods as a young teenage boy. His thought was that maybe she would be more comfortable talking to someone her own age. He had repeated that to himself many times as he walked toward the creek where he knew he’d find her sitting on the tree branch staring down at the water. He remembered telling himself to stop what he was doing, turn around, and walk straight out of those woods before she saw him, before it was too late, but just as he turned to do as his thoughts instructed, she hollered down at him, and he jumped. His smile widened as he remembered their conversation that day. 
“You do know you’re trespassing don’t you?” 
He had to think quickly before she climbed out of that tree and marched him up to the house to her father.
“Sorry…ahhhh…are these your woods?” he asked.
“Yeah, well, they’re on our land.”
“Ah…I’m sorry…I didn’t mean to trespass…I’m new here…my name is James. Jimmy if you like. What’s yours?”
He remembered the smile on her lips when she looked down at him. It was shy, but bright, a little orneriness to it. Damn she could be a pistol when she wanted to be. 
After she’d told him her name, she started climbing down, and he gave her a lame excuse that he’d been looking for fishing holes, knowing that would get her to talk. 
He chuckled at his memory and then whispered a soft “shhh” as Bree moaned next to him. 
He smoothed the hair from her face and continued with his memory. They stayed near that creek talking about nothing important for better than three hours that day. 
It was supposed to only be a one-time encounter, but when she offered to take him fishing at the pond behind the woods, he’d seen the sparkle in her eyes, and he couldn’t refuse.
“Consider it a date,” he said innocently, but when her eyes widened at the prospect of a date, he realized his good intentions could break her heart. What’s the saying? No good deed goes unpunished. If she ever finds out that was me… but he never finished that thought. 
Those memories of that summer were special to him. As Bill, he took her to the movies, out to dinner, or to get ice cream. His friends would come over and they would play tag football, go to baseball games, or to Six Flags. 
As Jimmy, they rode horses, fished, and explored the woods. He would sit with her in the loft, and they would play Scrabble, or Yahtzee, or just sit and talk. He loved talking with her as Jimmy and as Bill. To look at life through her eyes was an experience he treasured. 
He exhaled deeply when he remembered the day everything almost fell apart. It had happened innocently enough. They’d been sitting in the loft—he was there as Jimmy and was getting ready to leave, when he leaned in and kissed her on the cheek. He had done that a million times as Bill, but never as Jimmy. He wasn’t thinking as Bill; he had forgotten about teenage hormones, and she was a normal teenager. Her smile warmed his heart. He should have stopped there—he knew that. However, he was Jimmy, a sixteen-year-old teenage and her eyes were those soft, warm, brown pools that always made him melt. He knew she had never been with a boy, nor had anyone other than her family ever kissed her…but those kisses were on her cheeks, never on the lips. He should have stopped, but Jimmy leaned in and kissed her again, and she responded. Then she broke away and apologized. He could have kicked himself for what he had done, but as he watched her hide her face behind her hair, he knew he couldn’t leave it like that, and his apology only made it worse. 
He remembered telling her how inviting her lips looked and how much he liked her, and when she told him he shouldn’t get involved with her, he heard that pain in her voice, and the loneliness she tried to hide, and he just couldn’t stop “being” Jimmy…so he kissed her again, and again she responded. He leaned her back on the blanket and they continued with their kisses. He made a conscious effort to keep his hands away from her precious parts, and he had to admit that was hard. Her lips were so soft. He didn’t want to take advantage of her, but he played the sixteen-year-old well and let her be fifteen and awkward. 
He was content to play the role of Jimmy for the rest of the summer, and at the end of summer, Jimmy moved away. He spoke to her parents, and convinced them to let their daughter be human, and not long after that, when she turned sixteen, he introduced her to Steven. 
He sighed and looked at her in his arms, and he knew that when she woke she would remember Steven. He stood and carried her to the bed, and as he placed a blanket over her, he smiled, and tucked the memory of their time long ago away in his heart, then he left the room to talk with the others.
***
The room was dark when I woke. I was alone in the bedroom. I could hear muffled voices coming from the other room as I got up and went into the bathroom. When I came out, I stood there in the dark and listened to the voices outside my bedroom door. I heard his laugh. I hadn’t heard it for such a long time. A smile came to my lips. Steven. “My Steven.”
Chapter 16
Everyone quieted when I opened the door from my bedroom. I stood in the entrance, frozen in place, until he turned. His eyes locked with mine, and they welcomed me home. He smiled, but I just stared. His smiled turned a little tentative, a little weakened by my silence. No one spoke for the longest of moments. Thoughts from the others in the room came to me and my eyes darted to each of them as they spoke.
Too much time has passed.
What’s wrong, why doesn’t she say something? 
I told you, this was useless. She’s damaged.
Madalyn, hush! 
But look at her.
I said, hush! 
Is she breathing?
A slow panic began churning in my stomach until I looked back at Steven, and all that worry disappeared. I didn’t care that I heard their voices in my head…I didn’t care about anything at that moment…except him.
“Fifteen years,” I whispered when I found my voice. 
He squared his shoulders and faced me. “I know.” 
“Fifteen years,” I whispered again. I tuned out all the other voices because they were a distraction, and…at this moment in time, I didn’t want any distractions. I walked toward him and he stood steadfast, unsure of my approach—but he stayed and waited for whatever my reaction would be.
Tentatively, I drew my hand to his face, softly touching his jaw, and my thumb gently stroked his cheek. My fingers moved across his lips, as I familiarized myself with them. 
The veil that had hidden my memories wasn’t there anymore, and my mind’s eyes could finally see. He gently kissed my fingertips, and I drew a quick breath as I remembered that touch, that sensation. I pulled my fingers from his beautiful lips and saw the tiny charge of electricity as I rubbed the tips of my fingers together. They were small flashes of blues, greens, and gold, and I swallowed hard to keep from panicking. I had seen those flashes before during special moments we’d shared, and I realized not only had my memories returned, but so had all the visions I’d experienced in my youth. I swallowed the fear that rose in me, reminding me how very different I was; but the fear gripped at my soul and I wondered if that was the reason he’d left…because I was different. 
“You’re real…and…you’ve come back.” The moisture built in my eyes, blurring my vision. I blinked and a tear fell, first one, then another and another, until the banks of my eyes overflowed. “You’re real,” I cried again.
He quickly pulled me into his arms. “Yes! Yes, Princess, I’m real. I’m here…I never wanted to leave.” He buried his head in the crook of my neck. I felt his tears, and his shoulders shook a little as his grip tightened. I pressed my eyes closed so tight that tiny black dots appeared in my vision. 
My body calmed with his touch, my arms tightened around him, and my rational thought soothed my mind of my fear, knowing I had never told anyone of my experiences. My family knew of the sounds I heard, but they never knew of the emotions I felt or the sparks of energy I saw—there had to be another reason why he’d left—and why he was now back in my life. 
I heard another voice break into my mind and I felt nothing but pure love from that sound. We’ve missed you. My eyes opened just a fraction. Rick and Brad were in my line of view, Billy stood behind them. Their faces were worried, but I was not ready to release my embrace of my love to give them comfort, so I smiled and I gave them a tiny wave “hello” and their smiles widened.
I timidly moved back, pulling Steven’s face even with mine, and our eyes searched each other’s, validating the moment. I bit my top lip as I anticipated our next move.
The corner of his mouth curled into a slow smile. His cool hands held my face and my hands rested on his waist with my thumbs locked into the belt loops. 
“You always did that,” he whispered.
I smiled. “I haven’t forgotten.” 
He leaned down to test my lips with his in one quick peck. He pulled back, letting his eyes ask the question, and my eyes tried to answer, but the threat of more tears interfered so my lips smiled my reply and his lips very delicately found their mark again. 
Once we were comfortable with our reuniting, his delicate kiss boiled into passion and hunger. He pulled me closer, if that was even possible, lifting me to him. I finally heard someone clear their throat. I held a finger up asking for a little more time. I wasn’t done yet, but that noise brought back the awareness that we weren’t alone. He set me back down, brushed the hair from my eyes and with his thumb, he gently wiped a tear that hung in my lashes. His body shielded me from their view so I could collect my composure, and when I looked up into his eyes, he said, “I love you, Aubrey.” 
My heart leapt to my throat, and I breathlessly replied, “I love you too, Steven. My Steven.” 
“Yes, I’m all yours. No one's but yours,” he whispered.
“Why did you leave?” The words tumbled from my lips before I could stop them.
A hint of worry crossed his face. “I promise you, we will explain everything—but know, I will never leave you again.” The aura around him brightened and I knew his words were true. I had seen that same soft shade of blue every time he’d said he loved me. He stepped beside me so I could face the others. 
I shyly scratched my eyebrow and shuffled in my stance, trying to conceal my embarrassment.
“You’re right, she is very shy,” announced Sandy as if she had made the greatest discovery of all times. 
Rick and Brad chuckled quietly, with confidence. My little wave had assured them I was fine. 
“It’s good to have you back, Squirt.”
“It’s good to be back, Richard.” I held my arms up to him and in several quick strides, he stood in front of me and quickly picked me up to cradle me in his arms. My long-lost friends were back, and until this moment, I hadn’t realized how much I had missed them. Rick easily lifted me off the floor and swung me from side to side in his jubilation. “I have missed you.” My voice shook with my emotions and my arms tightened around his neck, while his tightened gently around my waist.
“Oh damn, I have missed you, too.” When he kissed my cheek, I felt a tiny tremble from his lips. His chest gave a slight heave as he gained his breath. After several minutes and a nudge from Steven, he released me from his hold. He messed my hair the same way he would his kid sister, trying to hide his feelings. Then he winked, smiled, and moved back next to Sandy, who linked her arm in his and gave him an excited smile.
Brad came up to me next and he cupped my face in his hands, kissing my forehead. Then he ran his thumb across my lips and I kissed it. A charge of energy raced through my body, and the sensation was a pleasant memory. I don’t know if he felt it or not, but he pulled me into a tight embrace. His emotions shoved past the barriers around my heart and his thoughts pushed into my mind. Welcome home, Little One. I’ve missed you so much. 
Billy cleared his throat again, and Brad stepped back. Steven’s arms went back around my shoulders, reclaiming me. 
“I ordered room service. I’m sure by now you’re starving,” Billy smiled.
I gave him a little laugh and denied my hunger, but Steven, who knew me best, intervened. “You haven’t eaten since breakfast. Eat just a little something.” 
Sandy sweetly handed me a plate she had piled high with fruit, cheeses, crackers, a few carrots, and some dip. She smiled and I could tell by her actions that she wanted me to know I was welcome in their group. I smiled my thank you. Oh, my goodness…how am I going to eat all of this? 
Billy must have known my thoughts because he leaned down and kissed my cheek and took a few of my carrots and winked. “We have a lot to discuss. There is so much to tell you. We need to get started.” 
“Steven, can I get you a drink? I’m sure you feel drained,” Madalyn offered, and I heard a little anxiousness in her voice.
“Huh? Oh…yeah. Bree, can I get you a glass of wine?” He kept his attention focused on me and didn’t respond to Madalyn. 
“That would be nice,” I answered, and as we started toward the table, Madalyn stepped in front of us. 
“I’ll get it. You two just...sit.” Anger filled her voice and it left me cold. The colors of her thoughts made it perfectly clear…she was not welcoming me into the group. As I thought back, she never had.
Steven led me to the sofa, and he sat in the corner and I sat close to him with my plate balanced on both our legs. 
Madalyn brought my wine and Steven’s Bloody Mary. She held my wine back as she smiled down at him and handed him his drink. He gave her a quick thank you, and took a long swallow, emptying his glass by half. Madalyn admonished me with her stare. However, she waited a little too long before handing me my drink and Steven noticed her treatment. He reached up and took my wine from her. 
“Thank you. She’s fine now,” he chided. 
She shamelessly acknowledged his look, glancing again at me, and unapologetically took her seat next to Brad. His arm was resting on the back of her chair and I saw him give her a nudge with his hand when she sat, but she paid no attention and his hand went back to resting on the chair.
Billy started the conversation. “Well, I take it you remember, now,” he somewhat nervously laughed. 
“Yes, I remember…but, I have no memory of Sandy…” I gave her a regretful smile. I was sure she and I would have been good friends. 
“No, you wouldn’t know her. She came along after…” his hand washed over his face, “after things changed,” he said with a large amount of restraint in his voice.
I noticed the look he exchanged with Rick and Brad, and I felt his anxiousness. The energy in the room changed from relief, to worried and troubled. 
My mind spun with questions I was a little concerned about asking. I needed to understand why and how this was happening and maybe that’s what Billy intended to explain. My curiosity became stronger than my worry, and after taking a long sip of my wine, I was ready to hear what he had to say. 
“Billy, tell me what you need…”
“I’ve a question before we start,” Madalyn interrupted. The level of stress in the room soared. I watched Steven finish his drink in another long swallow, and when he looked over at me, he smiled nervously before turning his attention to Madalyn. I saw his eyes narrow as he glared at her, but she didn’t pay his look any heed. She focused on me, and I could tell she had a question and was hell-bent on getting an answer. She didn’t warrant a smile from me. Her attitude was as unfriendly as an ex-girlfriend's greeting, but I gave her one anyway and welcomed her question.
“Why are you not angry? Steven...all of us...have been out of your life for fifteen years, and yet you accepted us all back without any questions, any anger. I would have been royally pissed. I’d be so angry that I’d want answers before accepting their hugs and kisses. Are you so insecure that you need their acceptance?” 
Her words spewed forth with such venom, it took me a moment to gather my thoughts. I could feel Steven tense, and I didn’t want this evening to become a battle of words. I moved my arm so I could take his hand in mine, and placed the plate on the cushion beside me. I squeezed his hand when I answered her. “Billy told me he had much to tell. He told me he would explain everything. I’m not sure why I’m not angry, but...I feel like I need to wait and listen, before I pass any judgment. All I know is that Steven, Rick, and Brad would never purposely hurt me. Billy would die before he’d allow that. Their reasons must have been important.” 
My reply seemed to have been the right choice. I saw the bright energy around Rick and Brad soften, and I could feel Steven’s body relax. I could see the energy in Billy’s smile as I turned my attention back to him. 
He became hesitant and looked at the others for support. 
“Billy,” I quietly commanded, “just tell me.” 
He leaned forward in his chair, his arms resting on his thighs, rolling his glass between his hands he said, “This story goes back to your birth. You’re not like me.” 
“Because I heal so quickly,” I mumbled. He leaned back and drew a deep breath, and I knew then that I’d been right. He was going to tell me why they’d kept me away from everyone…I was a freak.
“Well…yeah.”
I decided to beat him to the punch. “And because of the sounds I hear at night.”
“Well, yeah…that too.”
“I know I’m different Billy,” I said defensively. I sat forward and looked back with an accusatory stare at Steven. “That’s why you left isn’t it…you think I’m…crazy.”
Steven looked positively horrified. “No…I don’t think that…”
“Aubrey Marie,” Billy chided. “That’s not why he left, and you’re not crazy. Will you let me finish what I have to tell you before you start jumping to conclusions? You’re different—that’s true, but not in a bad way.” He frustratedly ran his hand though his hair and exhaled. “Okay…let me try this again. You’re human, and we aren’t.” 
I blinked. “That’s not helping.” 
He looked down at his hands. “Okay, here’s the deal. I’m a wizard…so are your parents and Gran and my entire family—even Gina, and our boys. We are all magicals.”
I didn’t say anything, not because I couldn’t think of anything to say…I could, I just couldn’t find my voice. He clicked his fingers and a tray of chocolates appeared on the coffee table. I froze as I stared at it. 
My silence held longer than Billy liked. “Are you okay?” The worry crept back in; I could feel him projecting it toward me. My skin tingled from the tiny charges that hit my senses. I rubbed my fingertips together and watched the colors sparkle from the friction.
I rubbed my temple, rethinking everything again, ensuring I’d heard correctly, and a woman’s voice sounded in my mind. It was the same voice from my dream. 
Aubrey, it is true what William is telling you. You have nothing to fear. Why do you not believe what your eyes show you? 
I swallowed hard. So, you’re real too? I thought I was just tired, that my mind was playing tricks on me. What am I talking about—it could still be playing tricks…
No, my sweet child, I’m real. You must listen to them. You are the last Chosen One, our highest-ranking sorceress, and soon you too, will join the magical realm. Everything I told you is true. You know me as your Guardian, Odessa. Relax and listen.
I felt Steven’s hands on my shoulder, pulling me back to him, and numbly…I sat back. 
“Are you all right?” he asked. I could hear the panic in his voice. He took my hand in his and gently squeezed it.
I nodded, and hesitantly answered, “Yeah...yeah, I’m fine...I think.” I looked back at Billy. “A wizard,” I repeated and he nodded. “I’m not crazy then? You’re a wizard…everything I’ve seen was real?” Now it was his turn to see the concern in my eyes.
“Oh, darlin’, you most definitely aren’t crazy. Why would you ask such a thing? For that matter, how can you even think such a thing?”
Those damn waterworks started again. “Because I thought I was.” One large drop fell from my eye. I quickly wiped it away and held my shaking hands in my lap. “I thought I was losing my mind. I mean, this explains a lot…it was all…magic.”
I wiped more tears from my face. Brad got up and handed me a tissue. I smiled my thank you at him. I glanced over at Steven. “So that’s not why you left then?”
“No, my sweet angel.”
I leaned forward. “All this time…I thought I was…crazy. I mean, I’ve seen snippets of things at home,” I paused and looked at Billy, “and at your parents’ home as well. I even saw things at Ryan’s and your home. I never mentioned them ’cause, well heck, who would have believed me? The way everyone hovered over me, I was afraid something was wrong with me, you know…seeing things. I made the mistake of telling mom one time that I saw a ghost in the barn…man…I’ll never forget the look on her face when I told her. A few days later, I couldn’t go to into the barn anymore. She never allowed me to go anywhere with my friends. I was so sure mom and dad thought something was wrong with me.” I sat there shaking my head. “Frick, I could have sworn, one time I even saw your mom and dad appear in our front entryway. I was so afraid they would have me committed if I said anything, so I kept quiet. I really thought I was going to die on that ranch. Every time they came back from one of their trips, I always had new limits, more constraints. I was always so careful not to mention the sounds I heard.” I didn’t know whether to laugh or cry now. “I kept making up excuses why I didn’t want to sleep in my room. I used to be allowed to go all over the ranch on my horse, but ever so slowly, my range kept getting smaller and smaller. When the woods became off limits to me, the only place I had left was the barn. But when that was off limits, they sold the horses so I wouldn’t be tempted to sneak out there.” I looked at Billy with a worried expression. “They did sell the horses, didn’t they?”
Billy’s eyes were soft. “Yes, they sold the horses. Sweetheart…I knew about the sounds.” He motioned toward Steven, and nodded toward Brad and Rick. “They knew. I always wondered why you accepted your mother’s refusals to let you go anywhere,” he chuckled. “We all wondered that. I would have taken you anywhere you wanted to go.”
I looked down at my hands. “Why would you want to go to a junior high dance? No, that wouldn’t have been fair to you.” I laughed, lifted my eyes to him, and shook my head again. “No, it wouldn’t have.”
Billy’s face showed a little of his relief. “I had no idea you thought that way. You could have talked to me.”
“And said what? If I was afraid they’d have me committed for seeing things, I was sure they would put me away if I told anyone. I didn’t need you feeling sorry for me, on top of everything else.”
“So you just suffered in silence,” he said flatly.
“You could have talked to me,” Steven said softly. “We talked about everything. Why didn’t you confide that to me?”
“I...didn’t want you to think…something was wrong with me either. I handled it, I rationalized it the best I could. I told myself it was probably due to sleep deprivation…but all this time…it was magic.” 
“Oh Bree, that’s terrible. I don’t care what the prophecy said. To let a young child think she’s crazy just because she wasn’t supposed to know about our realm until it was time, that’s just horrible,” Sandy said, the sympathy for my plight showing in her eyes.
“Prophecy?” I questioned, looking first at her, then back to Billy. “What prophecy?”
“That’s part of what we need to talk about. See, you are...ah, geez.” He ran his hand through his hair. “Now this is going to sound strange, but it’s the truth.”
I giggled. “It couldn’t be any stranger than what you’ve already told me.”
“We’ll see about that,” he said, smiling. He took a deep breath and began. “You’re known in our realm as a Chosen One.” He winked. “The last and strongest one to be born into this realm—so says the prophecy.” He grinned, then cleared his throat when I didn’t respond to his little touch of humor. “You were born to set the balance right in the realms—the human and the magical realms. We don’t know how you are to do this, though. That’s something only your kind knows. You’re of the Elders. You have their knowledge...they started what was called the Alliance, and the name changed at some point to the Council Leadership Group. We know you are supposed to be a leader in our realm, so we think it has something to do with you being on the Council. All of this is supposed to come to light when you finally cross into our realm.”
I interrupted. “Why did the Elders leave?”
“Well, they didn’t leave, per se. They evolved into a different life form, but they left us well protected,” he smiled. “They left us with twenty-four Chosen Ones, and you—the last Chosen One.”
I looked at him, then slowly looked at all of them. “I don’t know how to tell you this, but that’s not very comforting. They left a crazy person to lead you.”
“Stop that. You’re not crazy. Short, maybe...but not crazy,” Billy smiled. “Anyway, you’ve come of age now. So, sometime during your thirty-second year, you will make that transformation from a human to a magical. Once you have transformed, you will bond to a member of the Fourth House. Steven is your intended. He is supposed to strengthen you beyond anything, but again, we don’t know how he is supposed to do this. You will be a very powerful sorceress, and Steven really can’t do any magic…well, not like you anyway. So, we don’t fully understand this part of the prophecy. All we do know is, you two formed a very powerful connection, and when you cross you will help strengthen his clan.” 
My face was void of expression. 
“I introduced him to you when you were only six months old. You never took your eyes off him whenever he visited.” He laughed, “Now…where does that rate on the ‘strange’ level?”
I just stared, wide-eyed. Odessa said I was a Chosen One, and that I needed to listen to what they told me so I would understand, but right now, I was as confused as all get-out. “Okay…that rates pretty high…a Chosen One. I’m going to cross from my realm into yours sometime this year...how? Do I go through a door or a portal? Do I just step across a line? And…what does this have to do with why Steven had to go away? If we formed such a powerful connection, why did he have to leave?” I was frustrated now.
“Let me start at the beginning,” Billy said, just a little exasperated.
“That’s probably best. For a Chosen One, she’s having a lot of trouble following the obvious,” Madalyn spewed. I didn’t pay any attention to her comment and neither did Billy.
“You had to live twenty-five years as a human. You weren’t to know anything about this realm, that was in the prophecy—we’re not sure why. The other Chosen Ones could know, but not you. The reason given indicated you needed the human emotions deeply rooted into your heart and soul, but it just didn’t make any sense. Then, when you turned twenty-five, we were supposed to tell you and start preparing you for this crossing.”
I interrupted. “But I wasn’t told then.”
“No, Half Pint, you weren’t. You were married to Nick, and we, well, our parents, thought it was best not to tell you. You see,” he placed his elbows on his knees and leaned toward me, “there is a faction in our realm that doesn’t want this prophecy to come to term. They want you dead. We have been protecting you all your life. All those restrictions you received when you were younger, they imposed them.” He leaned back and looked at Brad, Rick, and then Steven. I watched him do this, so I looked at them too. Their faces showed me their anger. 
“Your parents and mine did everything your enemies told them to do. That group succeeded in making your life miserable and lonely. They told your parents that in order for you to go to college safely, Steven needed to stay away until you turned of age. Your mother agreed to it, and that is why Steven left. Our parents threatened banishment to all of us, even me, if we didn’t comply with the demands. We all wanted to kidnap you and take you away, but Gran talked us all out of that. We formed our own militia. Stanley runs it along with his company. We figured he was better equipped to do this since he heads one of the largest international security companies on this planet. He has teams in the human and magical realms, so it made sense to put him in charge. Steven stayed away…sort of.”
“What do you mean, ‘sort of’?”
“Occasionally, I would change his appearance, and we’d be at parties or in a class you were in at college. Hell, even then you gravitated toward him. We made sure he stayed away when your parents visited you though.”
I turned to Steven. “If he could change your appearance…why didn’t you just become my boyfriend?”
Everyone paused. In the midst of all the cloak-and-dagger planning, they had never thought of something so simple. Sandy started laughing. “Leave it to a woman to spout the obvious. That’s what I would have suggested. I can’t believe Gina didn’t make that suggestion.”
“She did,” they all mumbled.
Sandy laughed. “Honestly, Richard,” she lovingly scolded. She looked back at me. “Rest easy, you have women watching your back now, too.”
“Anyway,” Billy quickly started again, silencing Sandy’s scolding, “then you met Nick, and we all know what happened. Again, your parents were told to do nothing and let you stay married to him, and that faction that wanted you dead wouldn’t send an assassin to kill you.”
“My parents agreed to this?” I asked in horror.
“I’m afraid so. They rationalized, rightly or wrongly, that you heal quickly. Your blood is very, very powerful, that’s why you heal as quickly as you do.” He noticed the look on my face. “Half Pint, why didn’t you talk to me?”
“We covered that.” I tried to smile, but I failed.
He shook his head again and continued. “They figured you stood a better chance staying with those morons than to have to watch for an assassin. The assassin would have been a vampire, and you would never have survived a vampire’s assault. That’s the one thing that can kill you while you’re human, and we wouldn’t be able to do a thing to help you. Your blood can heal you from a bullet wound, or poison, or a stabbing, even an auto accident, but not from a vampire’s bite…until you have transformed. That’s why these guys had to be careful around you.”
“Because…they’re vampires,” I said. 
“Yes…they are.” His look was tentative and I could sense a large amount of worry coming from everyone—except Madalyn. 
She stood and picked up the pitcher filled with the Bloody Mary mixture and came to stand in front of Steven and me. She poured the drink into Steven’s glass, and a little of the mixture dripped down the side of the pitcher. She offered a taunting smile, then winked at me, and ran her tongue sensually along the side of the pitcher, lapping up the red liquid. 
“Obviously, that’s not a Bloody Mary,” I said, unfazed by her actions.
“Well,” Madalyn pressed her lips into a smile. “It is blood…”
“I think she has the idea, Madalyn. Sit down.” Steven’s voice was harsh. 
“Certainly, darling,” she sweetly answered him, undaunted by the anger in his voice. When she took her seat, Brad took his arm off the back of the chair and ignored her, and the tension in the room was undeniable. 
Billy let out the breath he’d been holding. “Bottom line—your life is in danger until you transform. We are going to help Stanley protect you. Steven is your intended, and he’s not going to leave you again. You two will bond just as it was prophesied.” He leaned back in his chair. “Your parents and mine did you a very big disservice, and I don’t know if we can ever forgive them for that. We wasted so much time by letting that rogue group in our realm dictate how you would live.”
“What a bunch of bullshit!” Rick’s face showed his rage and his voice was strong with it too. “We knew her enemies wouldn’t stop just because the families did what was asked. We knew they wanted her dead and would stop at nothing. Her parents almost lost her, a Chosen One, to their stupidity. We almost lost you!”
“We continued to watch over you when Nick came into your life. It became more difficult because you clammed up. I knew you were in over your head, but you just withdrew. We waited and watched, and we even planned to take you away and hide you. That was a dangerous plan we had. Many are counting on the Chosen One. Many are counting on you, Little One. Your father finally came to his senses, but it took you almost dying for that to happen,” said Billy.
“Billy,” I said. My voice was calm—and that amazed me—but I felt changed somehow in knowing all of this, “I can’t even image the fear they must have felt. To have something everyone thinks so important in your charge, to ensure the safety of this individual because so many hung their hopes on this one person.”
“It was their responsibility to ensure your safety, whether you were a Chosen One or just their daughter. They failed you. They failed to take care of you, and failed to protect you.”
“Yet, here I am. I am still breathing. You waste your energy harboring this anger. We can’t change the past, but we can change the future. What’s done is done. I am stronger because of my past. You all are stronger because of it. Don’t let your anger consume you.” I looked at everyone. “If you do, then they have won.”
“You are too forgiving, my sweet angel. I will set aside my anger, but I will never forget or forgive,” Billy said.
I smiled at him. “One day you will. Now, tell me about the assassin you mentioned.”
“Like I said, it would have been a vampire. Your enemies wanted your death to be very painful. They wanted to make an example of you, and they would have paid handsomely to get this done. They will still pay to have this done. There are many rogue Traditionals that would like to make a name for themselves,” Billy said.
“So, this all started at my birth…and you are certain I’m the one the prophecy spoke of?” 
“Yes,” he smiled. “A seer visited us the day you were born and confirmed you were the one the stories spoke of. We knew before she came, but your mother wanted confirmation.” He said it with a little shake of his head, as if only women need confirmation. “The sign—a pentagram with the Celtic Shield Knot in the middle—was burnt over the door of your house, and another one on your crib. When you went from a crib to a bed, one appeared. Whenever you got a new bed, one would be there the next morning after you slept in it. You have a necklace like that, don’t you?” 
“Yeah, I do. It’s at home, though, in my jewelry box.”
“You need to always wear it,” he gently scolded. “Anyway, this seer told us there would be many attempts on your life, and to not hand you over to the Council. That one act would surely end your life. We needed to do everything we could to keep you safe. She told us what we needed to look for, as your transformation got closer. She said your crossing would be stubborn,” he laughed, “just like you.” He spoke softly when he added, “She also told us you may not survive. I think she said, ‘her head will pain and she will hear voices. Her skin will burn and her blood will boil.’ We know you are having headaches, so we assume that is the first part she spoke of…you aren’t hearing strange voices, are you?”
I sat a little straighter. Odessa said not to tell them about her yet. Dang, I didn’t want to lie, so I skirted the answer. “No, I know every voice.”
“Well, Brad wants to take a sample of your blood, just to run a few tests. Your body seems to be warmer than normal, so he wants to confirm it. Don’t worry, sweetheart, we are going to be with you every step of the way. Brad’s a very good doctor, and we will make sure you succeed in crossing into our realm.” He cleared his throat. “The seer also told us you will be loved by many, and yet still have many enemies, and she finished by telling us that you are the last of the Chosen Ones. Others came before you, but were of lesser strength. To live, you must transform. To lead, you must transform. For corrupt houses to fall, you must transform. Only then, can you be bitten. So that is how we knew it was you.” He took another long drink and waited for all this information to sink in.
 “Billy, when you do magic, do you have to say any words?” I asked.
“No, I just have to think of what I want and it appears…lesser witches do have to say spells or use a wand, but my lineage is very strong. Gina’s magic is strong, too. She’s teaching the boys before we send them off to wizard prep. They’ll go there and to a human public school.” 
“So, there are no words needed? You just think about it and it appears? And I will be able to do this, too?” I asked.	
“Yes,” he said cautiously, “once you cross, you will be able to do that and other things not even I can do, I’m sure.”
“Billy…why you? Why were you the one to protect me? Why not Ryan or Stanley?” The room grew quiet.
“From the moment I first held you, we were connected. Even as a small baby, if I was in the room, I had to hold you. It was neat, really. No matter who had you, as soon as you heard my voice, you would squirm until you were in my arms. I could always hear you call my name, no matter where I was.” He started laughing. “Gina thought we should have raised you, and maybe if we had, your life would have turned out differently.” He smiled and looked down at his hands. “No, I liked growing up with you. We had some good times,” he winked at me. 
“You should have raised me? You say that like you’re a lot older than me.”
“Ah, yeah, well, I am. Let me explain. You remember all the times your parents had you stay with us when they went out of town?” 
I nodded. 
“Well now, remember, we had to act human around you, and it would have been awkward for you if I appeared so much older than you. You thought I was five years older, but I am much older than that.”
“How old?”
“I’ve lived one hundred and seventy-five earth years, but in magical years I am fifty. True magicals age normally until we come of age at twenty-five. Then we age slowly after that.” He spread his arms to indicate the others in the room. “These guys aren’t true magicals. They are what we call, Turners. They were turned into our realm—humans who became magicals. Are you following this?” 
I nodded. 
“Good,” he continued. “We had to appear to you in the correct ages you were growing up in. When you were five, I had to look ten, so my friends had to look ten,” he waved his hands indicating Rick, Brad, and Steven. “When you were ten, I had to appear to be fifteen—you get the idea. I placed the aging spell on these fine creatures, and we looked the appropriate age. They always looked different to you, but when you turned sixteen, I stopped changing their appearance and I introduced you to them. You remember that, right?”
I smiled at him. “Yes, I remember.” 
“Just checking.”
As I sat there listening to everything he was telling me, Odessa’s voice came back into my mind. Everything he is telling you is true…all of it. Now, you need to be prepared for what you are to do, and that is why I am here.
When will we begin?
We have already begun, Chosen One.
Chapter 17


The clock on the desk, chimed the hour, and subconsciously I counted the chimes. Ten o’clock? It can’t be. It feels like we just got started. 
“Any more questions, Half Pint?” Billy asked. 
I smiled. “Oh, my heaven’s…I have many questions, but I need time to grasp all you’ve just told me.” I laughed and said, “I’m a lot calmer now. Whew! Finding out there are witches, and wizards…and vampires,” I said smiling at Steven, “is a lot better than…what I thought.” I shrugged a shoulder and said, “I can’t explain why I’m not rattled by this…but I’m not.”
“You’re not rattled because your mind knows the truth.”
“Well…whether it knows the truth or not…let me allow it to sink in. I’m sure, as we go along, I’ll have more questions, but right now,” I turned and grinned mischievously at Rick, “aren’t I supposed to tell you when I have met a vampire or a werewolf?”
He was in the process of taking a drink of his precious red liquid and stopped with the glass near is lips. “Yeah, now that you’ve seen both, I’m real interested.” When he finished taking his drink, he gave me his full attention.
“Both? Aren’t all of you vampires? Who’s the werewolf?”
“Harry and Vickie. Couldn’t you tell? The full moon is on Wednesday. I thought all that hair on Harry would have given you a clue. You won’t recognize him on Thursday, we’ll need to reintroduce you,” he laughed. “Now, about us vampires...” his grin was sexy, and the energy coming from him was powerful. I knew our bond before was tight, and I felt Rick would always be straight with me. He would never color the answers he gave me, no matter how painful they were. Yes, his energy was strong.
 “Well,” I looked at each of them, including Steven. “It appears you are more scared of me than I am of you.”
They all looked at one another. “Well, I guess, in a way, we are,” said Brad.
“Why?” 
“Because, we’re afraid you won’t want us around. We’re afraid you will be afraid of us. We’re the lowers. We’re beneath your status. We’re even beneath Bill. You have nothing to fear from us though, Princess,” Steven said as his hand rubbed my arm.
“You know I really hate it when you guys say that ‘lowers’ shit,” Billy said in an icy tone. 
“Why wouldn’t I want you around? I’m not afraid of you. I enjoy being with you. Rick, have any of you tried to ‘mesmerize’ me?” Now I was teasing him.
“No, Squirt, we haven’t. Our love for you is genuine. You and Steven are the real deal, but other vampires will try. You do need to be aware of that. Right now, you’re not all human or all magical. You’re smack dab in the middle, so you are very vulnerable, and because of who and what you are, as Bill said, you’re very desirable to those that want to do you harm. Traditionals want you more than they want any other human on this planet. They want your blood, and they would be rewarded handsomely for killing you,” his eyes were serious and they stayed with me the entire time he spoke. 
“Well, I’m not afraid of you...of any of you,” I said firmly. 
“Bree,” Billy began again, “I would trust your life with these five, but a vampire’s bite or scratch will kill you. Period. There isn’t anything anyone could do to save you…and that has them scared. Your blood is powerful, and everyone wants it. This clan will die to protect you, make no mistake about that.”
“I don’t think it will come to that.”
“Do you know the future? Can you see it now?” His eyes narrowed on me. “Your powers will be great, granted. You will be above us all, but my sweet angel, you have not yet transformed. You can’t see the future yet, and so they worry. I worry. Our love for you is immense. I do not want to think about living in this world without you in it, and Steven won’t.”	
“I can’t see the future, but I can feel it. I will be here a long time, and so will all of you. I can’t explain it any better than to say I feel it. I know it. The energy in this room is overwhelming. I can feel the energy deep in my bones. I can see your energy too. I felt the fear you felt when you needed to talk to me earlier. Steven, Brad, and Rick were extremely tense, but they’ve calmed. I pick up the energy in the males stronger than I do the females. That’s probably because I’ve had so many men around me all my life.” I sipped my wine as I watched them drink their drink. I could sense Steven watching me watch them. 
I looked at Rick a little confusedly, and he smiled. “What is it you want to ask, Little One?” I smiled when he called me that.
“Tell me about vampires. You guys don’t seem to follow the conventionally patterned rules of them.”
“No, we don’t. When our ancestors first walked the earth they were more stereotypical, but some of us have evolved,” he laughed. “There are two different types of vampires. The first group calls themselves Traditionals. They are your typical vampires. You know, they attack humans and drink their blood. They do exist, and Bree, they are very dangerous, especially to you. It’s important for you to understand that you can never trust a Traditional. They exist to kill. It’s easy for them, and they feel no remorse for their actions. It becomes a game. Kind of like the way a cat will play with a mouse before it kills it. They can seduce you.” Rick smiled. “They really can do this. Just as it says in all the books you have read. You are still on the human side, so I’m telling you this for your own good. We don’t know when your transformation will be complete into our realm, so you’re still at risk. We hope that you being with us will lessen that risk, but know they will never change their ways—never—and their numbers are great.”
“Are any of them here?”
“Oh, maybe a few. Las Vegas is too much a temptation for them to be here for long periods. Most will probably start arriving on Wednesday for the party on Thursday. You are not to be alone at any time during this party. One of us must always be with you, even when you go to the bathroom. Do you understand?” He stopped to look at me for my assurance and I nodded. 
Then he smiled. “I know I’m repeating what we have been telling you, and forgive me for saying this, but you are one stubborn young lady, and we really need you to understand this. You are powerless against them.”
“So, after I make this transformation, I can’t be harmed by them?”
“Well, anyone at any time can be harmed by them. They can’t control your emotions when you are magical, but they could still harm you. It’s more likely they won’t try to, but I wouldn’t rule anything out.” Rick said.
“You must be in the other group. I assume you aren’t Traditionals.” 
“No, we aren’t,” Rick chuckled.
“What is your group called then?”
“Non-Conformists,” Billy said. “Non-Coms for short.”	
“That’s a good way of explaining it,” Sandy said. “We still drink human blood as you can tell,” she raised her glass, “but we get it from special blood banks. They clean the blood and send it to us. We have a very large committee that is always running blood drives, going around to morgues, collecting the blood they drain.” She grimaced, “Sorry, I wasn’t thinking.”
I smiled at her. “It’s okay, it’s something I’ll have to get used to, I imagine.” I patted Steven’s leg and he pulled me into a hug.
Sandy was actually thrilled to have me in the group. She gave a little squeal of delight, and everyone except Madalyn laughed. “Anyway, we drink a lot more when we are here because there are so many people, so many smells, but when we are at home, we can get by with less and we can function in society without any problems because we get a regular supply. As you can see, our skin is not as pale as a Traditional. Well, I guess you can’t see that, since you haven’t seen a Traditional, but trust me, once you see one, you’ll know what I mean. Our touch is cool, not cold. We can go out in daylight, and it doesn’t affect us. There are things we have in common with Traditionals, though. Our eyes glow,” she smiled, “but we wear contacts or glasses when we’re out in public or around humans—otherwise, we would scare the hell out of them. Mostly, we wear the contacts. I just hate to wear glasses.”
“Yeah, I’ve seen the glow,” I said.
“You have?” Steven asked. “When? We were always so careful around you.”
“Yeah, well…maybe when you were around me, but there were a couple of times I saw you guys without your glasses,” I laughed. “That added to my worry about being committed.” 
Billy chuckled as I said this and shook his head. “Oh, my dear Bree, what we have done to your head.”
I smiled back at him. “My head is fine…now.” Then I turned to Steven. “Your eyes give off the prettiest green tint.” 
“I don’t have a green tint to my eye glow, and technically, it’s not even a glow. There's an area behind the retinas of our eyes, and it reflects light back into the eye. By increasing, or rather by bouncing the light that comes into our eyes, we can see more effectively at night. So they really don’t glow, it just looks like it,” Steven said, proud of his technical knowledge on the subject.
“I prefer to say they glow, and yes, you do have a green tint. I can prove it to you, if you like,” I said as I looked around at everyone. 
“Oh darling, we have our contacts in,” Sandy reminded me.
“Well then you’ll just have to take my word for it. If memory serves me correctly,” I paused and glanced at Steven, “and it does…Brad’s eyes glow a soft shade of violet, and Rick’s glow is a light blue.” I saw the disbelief on their faces so I let the matter drop. “Anyway…what are some of the other things?”
“We still get the urge to kill,” Steven said. “It’s just the way it is. We can usually keep it at bay because we get a regular supply of blood, but when it becomes too strong, we hunt wild game. It calms us. We stay away from humans until the urge passes. We hunt as a clan a couple of times a year. It’s part of our bonding ritual. We are still just as strong, just as powerful as Traditionals. We just prefer to live in the world among humans.”
“Can the Traditionals go out in the daytime?”
“Yes, but they prefer the shadows and the night. Have you ever walked down a dark hall or street and had the hairs on your arm and neck stand up?” Brad asked.
“Yes.”
“There’s a reason for that. Most sane people shy away from those places, but for those that continue on, well, they aren’t always as fortunate,” Brad said.
“How did you meet Madalyn?”
“We worked together a very long time ago,” he answered.
Madalyn gave him a sour look and clenched her jaw. She drew a deep breath, causing her shoulders to raise just a fraction. “There’s more to it than that, darling,” she said curtly, and then her demeanor changed instantaneously when she looked in my direction and smiled. She shifted in her chair, folded her hands on her lap, and said, “I worked at the same hospital as Brad…I was a nurse.” She gave a nervous laugh. “Well…I still am. We worked in an emergency room of sorts. One night…on my way to work, I was seriously injured…well…I was dying.” 
Steven’s hand pressed against my shoulder when she said that, but I didn’t acknowledge it. 
She became a little more emotional and then she blurted out, “Steven turned me.” 
The way she said it made it sound like he had attacked her, and I couldn’t help the surprised look on my face. 
“Madalyn!” Brad growled. 
Her appearance turned innocent. “Ohhh…I’m sorry…I know what you must think, but he did it to save my life. He knew Brad and I had been talking of marriage…and I was part of the group…I’d known they were vampires for quite some time. Brad was going to…turn me after we wed, but…Steven got the honors…he turned me.” She wiped a tear as it fell and she looked from me to Steven and smiled adoringly at him. “I wouldn’t be here today if he hadn’t been there…he’s my savior.” 
I could feel Steven tense against me, and I could feel the tension in the room rise. Madalyn relaxed back into her chair and I could have sworn I saw a smirk of satisfaction on her face, but satisfaction of what, I wasn’t sure. I watched her nuzzle into Brad a little. I could see her shoulder move, trying to coax him to put his arm around her, which he finally did.
The quiet in the room was suffocating and I had to bring back some sound, so I patted Steven’s leg and said, “That was very nice of you,” and then realizing how that sounded I added, “I think…I mean…you kind of did kill her.” 
At first, no one said anything—but then Rick chuckled a little, and when his chuckle turned to a booming laugh, Sandy found the humor in what I’d said, and their infectious laughter spread to the others, with the exception of Madalyn. By the stunned look on her face, I think she realized her plan, whatever it had been, had backfired. The atmosphere in the room slowly returned to normal…normal enough for me to take another leap and find out how Sandy came into the family 
“How did you come to be in the group, Sandy?”
Rick placed his arm over her shoulder, stifled his laugh, and motioned with his hand for her to tell me her story. She cleared her throat and giggled again, looked up at Rick and smiled before turning her attention to me. 
 “I am much newer to this life. I was living in Tinker, Tennessee at the time…I worked days at a small restaurant and one day he came in…and I waited on him. I hadn’t any clue he was a vampire. I had the same thoughts as you—that vampires were creatures of the night. Well…that went on for a couple of weeks. He’d come in every day and always made sure to sit in my section…I never knew a man could eat so much…well, let me put it this way, he ordered a lot of food. I can’t say I ever saw him eat any of it. Anyway, one day I saw him walk past the window of the restaurant, and imagine my surprise when I saw him with another woman.” 
I looked wide-eyed at Rick.
“Just wait…it gets better,” he said, then winked when Sandy elbowed him.
“Okay…I admit I was jealous…and angry, and the next time he came in I wouldn’t even talk to him.”
“Ooooh, she showed me,” Rick said and pretended her act scared him, and then her eyes narrowed on him and he turned to me. “And she did show me. That was the worst week of a cold shoulder I’d ever had.”
“You want to know what he did?” she asked. Her arms were crossed and so were her legs and her foot bounced in a wild fashion. “He had the nerve to come in to the restaurant one day…during the week of the cold shoulder,” she grinned. “I was getting off of work and he wanted me to know he’d be out of town for a few days.”
“Well, what was I supposed to do? You wouldn’t talk to me and I had to get the conversation going,” Rick pouted. 
Sandy’s smile widened as she looked at me. “Well…it worked…our conversation got going all right. I’m embarrassed to admit it, but…the green-eyed monster got the better of me. I accused him of going away with her…I think her name was Pam or something like that.”
“It was, and you know you don’t have to think about it.” Rick laughed. “Sandy, to this day, can probably tell you what she looked like.” That brought laughs from all the men. 
“Yes, I can, Richard. Anyway, in the midst of my jealous fit, he told me he had broken up with…her…because of me.” Rick leaned over and kissed her cheek. “And the reason he was going out of town was that he had a friend that needed some help. I didn’t learn until later that you were the one he was talking about. Poor thing,” she said and tenderly laid her hand aside his check. “He didn’t know what to think. He walked me home and we talked for hours, and when he was gone he called me every day.” She beamed at him.
“So Rick, geez, I guess it is possible for a vampire to fall in love with a human. Huh, imagine that,” I said laughing. Then I had that “light came on in my head” look on my face.
“What?” Sandy asked.
“You said her name was Pam, right?”
“Yeah.”
“I do remember a girl by that name being around, well, for a short time anyway. And she was with you, Rick.” 
“You remember that, huh?” 
“Yes…I told you my memories are back. Wow, I remember the fight you two had. Then she left with you Steven, and you never came back. Steven and I had a date planned…everything changed that night.” My eyes started watering again. 
“That wasn’t his fault, darlin’. He didn’t want to leave,” Billy said.
“I know,” I answered.
Rick looked at me with a confused look on his face. “How do you know we had a fight? What was it over?”
“Well, duh. It was over another girl, some girl that worked at some dinky restaurant is what she said. I remember Pam said, ‘I can offer you everything, just tell me what that girl could offer you,’ and you did, well…I assumed you did. I didn’t hear what you said, but she slapped you hard.” I made a face of pain, and Rick touched his cheek, as if he could still feel the sting. “That’s when Steven,” I turned toward him, “came out of the house. I think you asked if they had any idea where I was. Then, as you got closer, you stepped into their fight, and held her back from hitting Rick again. Boy, she was pissed. Then you offered to make sure she got home, and you left and you never came back. I started college a few weeks later.”
“Where were you to have seen and heard all of that?” Rick asked. I could tell by the look on his face he was thinking back to that moment, knowing I wasn’t around.
“Up in the tree you two were under. Whenever the members of my family were nervous, which generally happened when Mom and Dad went on their trips, I could sense it and it made me nervous. So, I would climb—the higher the better. I loved climbing in the trees…always found it comforting somehow. I have no idea why. I was on my way down when your fight began, and something told me to stay out of sight, so I did. Sandy, when did you become a vampire?”
“A year later, I was attacked by a Traditional that was passing through our town. Rick was on his way to my house when the attack happened.” Sandy looked at Rick and lightly touched his arm. “He killed the Traditional and took me back to his place. That’s when I met Steven, Brad, and Madalyn. He called them to help him help me. Rick and I have been mates ever since.”
Steven had been sitting very still, very quiet. I turned to him and asked, “So, just how old are you really?”
“I told you. I’m forty and I’m always going to be forty.” His voice gave me the indication he didn’t want to talk about it yet, so I let it drop.
However, Brad didn’t. “Ah,” Brad started, “Steven is a very interesting subject.”
“I’m not all that interesting.” 
“Yes, you are, and it will be a good lesson for you both. Steven is from a very powerful house of vampires. The vampire that transformed Steven was of this House. His name was Lazarus, and his story parallels yours. 
“He had fallen in love with a human who was a Chosen One, like you. She wasn’t as strong as you are, but she was strong enough. During her transformation, Lazarus thought she was dying. The transformation was going badly you understand, and they really didn’t know a lot about them back then, they weren’t sure what to expect. 
“Lazarus didn’t want her to die, and she begged him not to let her die, not to separate them. He thought if he bit her, to transform her into a vampire, then they could be together for eternity. She wasn’t the one the prophecy spoke of, so he thought he could ease her pain. Just make her a vampire, and not let her transform. That was not the case. She did cross into a vampire but...that didn’t go well, either. She was in terrible pain. It was a living hell for her. So...” Brad cleared his throat. “She begged Lazarus to end it...and he did.” 
He took a slow sip of his drink before he went on. “Bree, we’ve told this to you several times this evening. Steven can never bite you to change you into a vampire to save you during the transformation. Nobody can. You must understand this. If you die during the transformation, that’s it. After you cross...then we’ll talk.” He absentmindedly swished the remainder of the drink in his glass, finished it, then looked at me and smiled. I smiled back.
“Anyway, Steven here was Lazarus’ next victim. He turned him to take his place in his House, and then Lazarus went away seeking to end his life. He picked a fight with a clan of vampires, and well...it wasn’t pretty. So, to answer your question, Steven is one hundred fifty years old. Mildred found him and nursed him back to health. Steven and I met at a clan hunt one year. Neither of us wanted to be part of that hunt, but there we were. We met another vampire there who was a mortician. He wasn’t hunting with the clans. He was there to take the bodies they didn’t drain back to his morgue, and there he drained the blood and stored it for his and his friends’ use. That’s how we saw our way out of that life...so to speak. Steven and I have been friends ever since, and we have lived this way since then as well.”
Rick chimed in next. “The Council will be watching you two very closely. We know you have enemies on the Council, and your union will be devastating to them—they want you dead—but you do have your supporters. Your enemies can’t hurt Steven. Well...if they succeed in killing you that would devastate him, but he is protected by his House.”
“So, right now, right this moment, I am unprotected by magic.”
“Yeah, but you still have us,” Rick smiled a very bright smile. 
“Do you have any other questions about vampires?” Sandy asked.
I watched her finish her drink. “Probably, but I think for now that’s enough” 
“Ah, Bree, there’s something else we need to tell you.” Billy’s voice turned serious. “You remember Becky, right?” He gave a polite laugh. “Of course you do—you two were inseparable.”
Becky was my closest friend, the closest thing I had to a sister. We’d done everything together since we met in the first grade. I was devastated when she died in the car accident. I was supposed to be with her, but I’d had a class I couldn’t get out of. Her car crashed into the river, but they never recovered her body. I remembered her funeral. My life was shattered. Her parents were devastated. I remembered barely eating or sleeping for weeks. “What about her?”
“She’s not dead,” he flatly said.
I blinked.
“She was dating this...guy, and…” 
I interrupted him. “Becky wasn’t dating anyone. She would have told me. She drowned our senior year of college. They never recovered her body. Remember? She lost control of her car and they found it in the river. There were witnesses.”
“Yeah, that wasn’t what happened. From what we could piece together, she started dating this Traditional. She was head over heels for him, and he felt the same way. They were...sort of bonded to one another. That’s rare, but it happens. She wanted to be with him, so they concocted this story. She’s a vampire now.” He shook his head. “It was a surprise, I’ll not deny that. I never would have thought of little Becky doing anything like that. After she turned she was wild for the longest time, but she’s calmed down now,” Billy said.
I sat there, dumbfounded. Damn, if I had known about this life, this realm, Becky might still be here with me today. A tight lump formed in my throat and I had to swallow hard to get past it. “You said that a Traditional was bound to Becky. How does that work?”
“Sometimes, when a vampire bites their victim, they connect with that individual. They have a bond that can’t be broken.” Steven shifted a little and I noticed Madalyn watching him. “Even if they love someone else, they are drawn to one another, and there isn’t anything anyone can do to change it. That’s what happened to them,” Brad explained. 
“Will I ever see her again?” my voice cracked as I asked.
“Perhaps...one day, maybe,” Billy answered. “Do you have any other questions, or do you want to think on this awhile?”
I exhaled. “No…yes. Do you guys sleep?” 
“Out of all the questions you could ask, you want to know if they sleep,” Billy quipped. 
“Yeah, lighten the mood a little.”
Rick smiled as he answered me. “Nope. Well, we don’t sleep in the normal sense of ‘sleep.’ We do meditate, and we can get cranky if we don’t get enough meditation in. Just like if you don’t get enough sleep. Oh shit, are you tired? I’d forgotten about that.” 
Steven’s hand applied a small amount of pressure to my arm and I knew he wanted to spend some time alone. Very gently, I entered his thoughts. I had no idea how I knew how to do this, but there I was, whispering softly in his mind. Soon, Steven, very soon, you will hold me in your arms, and we will renew ourselves to one another. I felt his body relax and he gave me a reassuring rub on the arm. “Tell me…do I look tired? Sorry, you’re not getting off that easily. I’ll sleep later.” 
“What’s your next question?” Brad asked shaking his head.
“Billy, I know about my side of the family, right? I mean, you are my cousin, right?”
“Now, what do you think? I have been around you all your life. We’re Campbell’s. So, stop worrying about that. Stop worrying about our ages. I have known these guys for a very, very long time. You’ll give yourself a headache if you keep trying to figure everything out at once. We all live very long lives. Some of us have many degrees. We’re wealthy, well-educated magical beings. Believe me, you can get tired of doing the same thing after a hundred years or so.”
 I didn’t want to have to ask, but I needed to know if we needed to talk about my marriage to Nick. “Billy…did you tell them what I told you earlier, about my marriage? Do they know about it now, or do we need to talk about that?”
He took a deep breath. “I told them, Half Pint. They knew most of it, but I told them what you told me.”
“It doesn’t change anything for me, Bree. Nothing could make me stop loving you. If we had taken you away, as we had planned—families be damned—that would not have happened to you. I love you very much and he will never get another chance to harm you in any way,” Steven said.
The words came to me from somewhere deep in my mind. I had no idea how I knew all of this, but I felt confident enough to tell them. “I know it was bad. I know you all hated that my life went in that direction, but it had to happen once the path turned—all of it. I know you don’t understand. I’m not so sure I do either, but that’s what my mind is telling me. My past can’t harm me now. They can’t harm me now. Since all my memories have come back, I feel changed…I have changed. I know it. I felt different as soon as I woke up a little while ago. I’m not hearing voices—so don’t panic, but I am hearing my thoughts…and others’ thoughts from long ago. As I’ve sat here, listening to all of this, I’ve felt an energy surging through me, and I know I’m not explaining this correctly, but I can actually see yours at times. I don’t understand it...yet, but I’m not crazy!” I smiled.
“No, Half Pint, you aren’t crazy. When Brad runs his test, we’ll know more,” Billy said.
“Yeah, about that.” I turned and looked at Brad. “I don’t like needles. Isn’t there any other way, maybe a finger prick or something?”
“I promise I won’t hurt you,” he said.
“I know you won’t hurt me…I just don’t like needles.” 
“You won’t even feel it. You don’t have to watch, you know,” he offered.
“When do you want to do this?” 
“How about in the morning? You can get some rest, and we’ll start fresh,” he suggested.
Everyone stood, signaling the end of our question-and-answer session. “Okay, in the morning then. Billy, will I see you tomorrow?” I asked.
“Yes, you will be seeing me a lot,” he smiled. “Steven, keep her safe.” He kissed me on the top of the head. “Get some rest, Half Pint,” he said and disappeared.
That took me by surprise and the shocked look on my face caused Rick to laugh. “Come here, Squirt.” He picked me up and hugged me. I ran my hand through his hair, and when he pressed into my hand, I felt his worry ease. I liked being able to feel their emotions now. It somehow drew me closer to them. He gave me a kiss on the cheek. Then he thought to himself, but I heard it, I have so missed your touch. I love you, darlin’, and nobody is going to hurt you again. He took Sandy’s hand and they disappeared.
Brad took Madalyn’s hand. “Come on, Maddie. Let’s let these two have some downtime. I’ll be by in the morning around nine o’clock.” Then they disappeared, leaving Steven and me alone.
We stood there in silence. He looked a little nervous, and I could tell he was probably trying to figure out what to say. 
Chosen One, said Odessa, talk with him, and show him you are strong. You need to be with him now.
Odessa, would you please tell Gran I would like a meeting with my parents, alone? I think we need to clear the air. If Billy and this group were hurting this much, I can only imagine how much my parents are hurting.
Yes, Chosen One, I will ask.
Please, Odessa, call me Bree. All my friends call me that.
Very well…Bree. I am delighted you think of me as your friend. Then I didn’t hear her anymore.
Chapter 18


The quiet in the room loomed heavily, and I wanted to get beyond the awkwardness. I wanted our relationship like it was before, and I prayed that was possible. 
“Well, Steven,” I finally said, “we’ve got a lot of catching up to do. Where would you like to begin?”
He took my hand and walked me to the sofa. We sat down and he wrapped his arm around me. “Do you feel like talking a little longer?”
“Of course, I’ll talk as long as you like.” 
He grinned and nodded, his free hand playing with my fingers as he began. “I love you deeply, and I hate myself for leaving you unprotected—I hate myself for leaving you, period. I want you to understand that all of my anger is focused on your enemies, your ex-husband, and his goons. I will kill them if they ever touch you again. Bill will not get the chance. Rick and Brad will not get the chance. They took our time together away, and those years were precious to us. We had such plans, and they had to be put on hold because of them.”
“Hey, you say that like it’s all in the past. Is it over now?” I swallowed hard to get past the lump that quickly rose in my throat. Maybe that was why he wanted to talk, instead of…well…maybe he wanted to tell me too much had happened, too much for us to climb out and start all over again…but that couldn’t be…why else would he go through all of this planning if he just…damn. I might not want to hear this answer.
A sweet smile curled on his lips and his eyes sparkled from the hint of moisture in them. “I have planned for this day for so long, and now that it’s here I…” he paused, raised my hand to his lips, and kissed it. “When you kissed my mind earlier, I thought I had gone to heaven. I can’t describe the feeling it gave me. It was so warm. I have been so empty without you. Then the warmth from your thoughts filtered through my body, deep into my soul. I have never felt anything like that before. You have saved me from all the despair I’ve felt over the last fifteen years. I love you and nothing will ever change that. I will not leave you again. I…it’s just, now…it’s too dangerous to get that close this soon. We were close then, do you remember that?” 
“Yes, I remember,” I said. 
He exhaled softly when he heard my assurance. “It’s too dangerous for us to get that intimate again,” his voice trembled. “If we had continued the way we were then, before we were separated, we would have been very familiar with each other. You would know how to control my passion. I don’t know if I can control it now. I want to pull you inside of me and hold you there. I want to keep all the bad out of your world. I want to be with you so badly I hurt, but I’m afraid of hurting you. I can’t even begin to tell you how much I want to make love to you.” 
Oh, thank God that’s his only worry! “Steven,” I whispered, “I do remember those times. You weren’t dangerous then, and I don’t think you are dangerous to me now.” I turned and faced him, placing my hand aside his cheek and gently coaxed him to look at me, and I felt the sparks of energy from our touch. “I knew your passion then, and I know it now. You need to trust me.” I straddled his lap and looked into his eyes. “After everything I’ve been through, how can you now tell me you are too dangerous?”
He mumbled, “I could kill you. Remember, we have very strong animal instincts in us. We like to nip at one another.” He ran his hand down my neck, and goosebumps rose on my arms. I shivered. That made him smile, and I leaned forward and gave him a small tease of a kiss. 
He cleared his throat and with a coy grin said, “Our talons are sharp. We like to run them over our mate’s body as we make love.” He ran his fingers gently over my arm, causing me to shiver again. 
I leaned in for another kiss, this one lasting a little longer. A small tremor coursed through his body, and as our lips parted, he gave me the soft moan I’d been waiting for. 
“Our lovemaking can be rough. We are very strong, and our teeth are very sharp. You need to understand that. If I broke your skin, even from a playful nip, it would kill you. I would need to be so controlled, and right now,” he swallowed, “I don’t know that I can. After you cross, a small mistake like that won’t kill you. It will take far more than a simple nip or a scratch to turn you into one of us or to kill you.” He pulled me close and kissed me gently on the neck. “Don’t be afraid of me,” he whispered. “I’ll control myself.” Then he sat back and closed his eyes. Regaining control, his breathing slowed.
I sat there on his lap watching him. His eyelids fluttered, and his breathing was indeed slow and controlled—but if he thought we were going to wait until I crossed…well…I wasn’t going to stand for that. “Nice try, Steven.” I smiled. “You can try to scare me all you want, but I’m not afraid of you. If I recall, our lovemaking was not rough.”
He smiled and I could tell he was remembering our past. He drew a deep breath, and with a sweet sigh, he whispered, “No, it wasn't. It was gentle, but passionate. I haven’t forgotten.”
“You never mentioned it to Brad?” I teased as I played with his shirt buttons.
“No, those were my memories, and I kept them all to myself.” 
“Steven,” our eyes met. “I’m going in there to bed. I remember a time when you were already in my room waiting for me. Now, you can sleep here on the sofa if you prefer, or you can come join me like you used to.” 
I pressed my body to his as I leaned in and kissed him lightly on the lips, making my way to his cheek, then to his ear, and down his neck. He didn’t resist or move away. I felt the excitement he was trying to hide and I knew I was close to my goal. I leaned back, unbuttoned the first couple buttons on his shirt, and ran my fingers through the hair on his chest. I watched as microscopic flashes of energy trailed behind my fingertips. He drew a very deep breath, closed his eyes, and rested his head against the sofa. “Steven, wouldn’t you be more comfortable out of these clothes?”
“No, I think I’m fine this way,” he said weakly, his resolve finally waning. 
I kissed him again, then moved from his lap and held my hand out to him. “It’s been too long…please don’t deny me.”
I didn’t have to ask a second time. He stood, scooped me into his arms, and carried me to the bedroom. I felt like a young bride as my feet touched the floor. He smoothed the hair away from my face, and raising my shirt over my head, I saw the hunger in his eyes, and then…I saw the twinkle. I didn’t think we would ever get undressed; finally, in his haste, Steven jerked the bedcover back and throw pillows went flying in every direction, causing us both to laugh. 
My heart raced in anticipation of the joy it knew awaited. His hand shook as he slid it behind my neck and pulled me close. I rose on my tiptoes to meet his lips and wrapped my arms around him. He picked me up, cradling me in his arms, and it wasn’t until he lay me on the bed that our lips parted. He moved beside me and stared into my eyes, drawing a breath as if he wanted to say something, but I decided the time for talking could wait. 
I placed the tip of my index finger on his lips to quiet his thoughts. “It has been too long. I love you and I am not afraid of your touch. Just love me tonight. No more talking.” 
He trembled ever so slightly as he cautiously touched me. His cool hands held my face delicately, his powerful brown eyes searching mine for familiarity. His breathing was uneven at times, as his fingertips reacquainted themselves with my body. 
Slowly his fears calmed, and I felt his energy surge with mine as his touches became tender, but knowing. His kisses were deliberate, and his hunger was undeniable. Our palms pressed together, allowing our fingers, one by one, to entwine. There were quiet sounds of contentment as we remembered having been together so long ago. 
His kisses moved from my mouth to my ear and along my neck, bringing whispers and moans from me as I stretched beside him. He chuckled low and sexy, obviously remembering my trigger points and enjoying stroking them. 
His hands moved along my waist and rested lightly on my hips, waiting for my consent to venture on. I pressed into him my acceptance, as his hand made its way between my legs. My hands tightened on his shoulders as I sucked in air and a soft moan escaped my lips at the pleasure he delivered with his delicate touch. 
My body demanded him, and I somehow mumbled, “Please, don’t make me beg.”
“I love it when you beg,” he whispered through a kiss before he moved on top of me and slipped inside. 
My mind closed out all sounds from my thoughts as I reveled in each gentle thrust, each tender touch…until my senses were flooded with sensations my body had for so long been denied. 
My arms pressed against his shoulders as my legs tightened around his waist. He drew a deep breath and flung his head back as his body went rigid, and together we found those wonderful fireworks in our minds. They exploded with such force, one could only hope the walls to our room were thick. 
The energy that passed between us was strong. Flashes of gold, blue, yellow, and green danced all around us during the passing hours as we made up for all the lost time, and all the lost love. Together we were one, and our souls rejoiced in our reunion while our bodies expressed that joy over and over again. Our spirits soared to the heavens together, and returned as one, safe in each other’s arms. 
“God, how I have missed you,” he said as he washed his hand over his face.
“Shhh, my parents are down the hall,” I laughed, bringing forth a common memory to our minds. 
He rolled over and kissed me sweetly. “I forgot about that,” he laughed. 
As we lie in silence, his arms around me and my head on his chest, I could hear a soft purr coming from him, deep in his chest. I felt the vibration against my ear and it fascinated me. “Ahhh, Steven?”
“I’m just very, very content right now, that’s all.”
I kissed his chest and the purr continued. His arms tightened around me and my ear pressed against him, listening. There wasn’t any other sound in the room, and I drifted off to sleep.
Chapter 19


Not only did sleep come to me, but so did the dream. I’d never told anyone about it. I figured those dreams were the result of the movies I watched or the books I read. Besides, I didn’t want to add to my own paranoia. 
I walked the passage again—the darkness swallowing me—yet I could still see. My hands felt along the wall and I could feel the water trickle down in places, just as it had the many other times I’d been to this place. 
I felt a presence, and then I heard a man’s low, raspy laugh. It rattled deep in my bones and the small vibrations shook my chest, bringing a small cough to my throat. I pressed my hand to my chest to quiet the tremor. I had never seen nor heard anyone here before, so I quickened my stride to see what my mind needed to show me. I rounded the last curve, stood in the shadows, and saw a woman standing by a table, but I didn’t see the man. 
Her long, strawberry blond hair hung down her back. Her slick silver gown clung to every curve of her body, and shimmered as she moved in the low light. 
She held a simple clay bottle tightly in her hand, and I watched as she removed the stopper, then set the bottle down and stood back. Her chest heaved in anticipation as a gray cloud swirled up from the wide opening, and my mind showed me the demon hidden in the mist. It was a horrid creature with wrinkled, ashen skin, and I sensed it was pure evil. 
Apparently, this didn’t bother her. She moistened her lips in her longing for its approach. Her hand trembled as she moved a strand of hair from her face. I watched the cloud tower over her. Her sexual appetite for this entity was undeniable as she reached for it, begging it to come to her. 
Her lips parted as the mist entered her. She moaned as her fingers pulled at her hair, and then her hand slowly moved down her cheeks. The tips of her fingers traced her lips, then slid into her mouth and she gently sucked on them, pulling the mist farther into her. She moaned with frustration as her hands reached for nothingness, trying so desperately to hold what wasn’t there.
His laughs shook her, and she trembled as she moved her hands over her breasts, arousing her nipples. She massaged them for his pleasure while she tried to find her own, but from the smugness of his laughter, I could tell that was not his intent. This was for his pleasure, his want—not hers. 
In her pained cry, she begged for his touch, his body. She needed something to press against, but he could not accommodate. He laughed at her frustration, and she shuddered with the vibrations his low, hoarse rumble was sending through her. Her hands explored her body, and made their way across her belly toward her center. Her eyes were wide, and her breath quickened. 
A knock on the chamber door broke her spell, and she grabbed hold of the table in front of her so violently it shook the bottles and pots that were sitting there. His laugh slowly left her, causing her to reach for it, trying to keep it at her center. She closed her mouth tight, but the mist seeped through her pressed lips. She breathed hard as she watched her invisible demonic lover take refuge back in its bottle, and reluctantly, she corked it. The rumble had left her unfulfilled and her want piqued with nothing to satisfy it. 
The knock came again. She smoothed the fabric of her gown, her hands once again running over her breasts, and a soft, lingering shudder made her tremble. She ran her fingers through her hair to straighten it and then gently brushed her hand over her lips and down her throat. She gazed upon the bottle, and let her fingers gently caress the sides. I could see in her eyes that she was desperate for his touch. I saw her determination and knew she would stop at nothing to restore the demon to its bodily form. With a heavy sigh, she went and answered the door.
When the man entered the room, I saw her desire rise again. He was extremely handsome. Long, thick, coal-black hair hung over his broad shoulders and dark, piercing eyes set against his alabaster skin gave him a haunting appearance. I immediately recognized him as a Traditional. 
He gave her a very sensual smile as he swept past her. “The child is there, and they are protecting her.” His voice was low and soothing. I found myself fascinated by his presence. “Soon, she will know her path and she will reunite with her love.” He smiled a little wider and raised his hand toward her face, but withdrew it before he touched her. His eyes lingered on her breasts, and his smile widened even more as he saw the points pressed against the gown. His tongue slowly caressed his top lip. 
I heard his thoughts and saw his intake of a deep breath. Good…she is in need…right where I want her. I heard his chuckle in my mind. 
She took his hand and pressed it to her cheek, drawing his fingers toward her lips. Slowly she allowed his finger to part her lips, and her tongue caressed the tip. 
“Her knowledge grows as do her powers. I don’t know how this is possible. She is still human, my lady,” he cooed his words to her with such a tender voice.
She moved around him, pressing herself against him. “Does her mate still love her?”
“Yes, my lady.” 
The man drew a deep breath as her fingers delicately moved along his jawline. “Do you feel she will return his love?” she asked.
“Yes, my lady. She will love him like no other. She and her mate will always be as one. No one can match that love. She has her clan, and she will be intimate with them as well, but that will be a different desire. They adore her greatly, and she will return their passion and her clan will be stronger because of their bonds.”
She ran her hands along his shoulders and then over his chest. He stood rigid as her lips brushed his. His hands flexed in his want to hold her.
Her long-nailed finger traced his jaw down to his throat all the way to the first button of his shirt. One by one, each button released on its own, and then she tugged the fabric free from his pants. Her hands rested on his waist as she nibbled sweet kisses to his neck, and ever so slowly, her hand moved toward his front and massaged the pressing bulge she craved. Soft sighs announced her need. 
He stood stone still as she violated him, but a small curl on his lips registered his pleasure. 
“We will speak of the child later, Thomas. I have other needs that need satisfying at the moment.” She pressed her lips to his, and he lifted her effortlessly in his arms and carried her out of the room.
My mind moved from the shadows and began wandering around the room. The candles on the table gave minimal light, but I could have seen without them. Nothing could hide from my vision. 
They’ll be busy for a while, I mused.
Shelves that hugged the walls were filled with books, potions, and pots with ladles. Skulls lined an entire shelf. Another had jars of fingers, toes, tongues, livers, and hearts. Each jar was marked human, fairy, elf, dwarf, or giant. A very large jar held the male organ. I’m sure she found this one the most precious of her collection. I felt sorry for those who had contributed to the jars and wondered if her current lover would be the next donor. 
My mind walked along the table and I saw the corked bottle. She didn’t secure it in her hurry to fill her need. 
I bent closer to view it. There was nothing special about this bottle. It was a fat, clay bottle with a cork stopper—something so simple holding something so horrid. The bottle shook as I gazed upon it and a smile lined my lips.
“I know you. My line put you there, and there you will remain. You will never gain what you need from me to make you whole. I will beat you—I will beat her. Know my strength.” I touched the bottle with my mind’s finger and it shook. “I am still human, but my magic is strong. When I cross, I will be beyond your measure, and I will destroy you. Never again will you become whole to destroy these people. Know me—I am your end,” I whispered.
I left the chamber and followed the passage past several cells. This was farther than I had ever been. My mind told me to know this place. There were two cells on each side of me. The bars were of thick metal, and the locks were heavy. Each had a stone bench with shackles attached to the walls. Molded straw lay on the floor, and the smell of damp earth was strong. My mind saw the torture that had occurred in these cells. Men had lain prostrate on the cold floor as whips slashed hard across their nakedness. I saw women chained to the walls, and raped repeatedly. I heard the screams and cries from the tortures they endured, and I saw that if they did not pledge to her, they stayed in their prisons to starve and die. I understood the pain and the fear. I will end this too. I know this place now—I will remember. 
I continued up the passage. My mind showed me the way through the darkness toward the opening. I needed to know this place, it was important. I needed know how to get here.
***
The light was bright, as I was no longer in the passageway but in a meadow. I had been here many times. The Firehole River ran through this valley. 
I sat at a picnic table, and a Clark's Jay flew from the tree to where I sat. “I’m sorry, little one, I have no food today,” I said to the jay. It tilted its tiny head. “I promise the next time I come, I will bring you something.” 
“You have been here many times,” the jay replied. “I have seen you many times. You have changed. You are a Chosen One. You are whom the prophecy spoke of. We have waited for you, my child.”
My eyes widened. “I have gained much knowledge. My mind is very tired, and now a jay speaks to me,” I smiled and laughed. “I need to sleep—one night of peaceful sleep. I do not understand all that is happening.”
“Do not fear me, my child. We have waited for you for a very long time. You are truly a stubborn one. Do you see the bison?” the Clark’s Jay asked.
My head turned to look up the valley of the Nez Perce and I heard the soft melody of the wood flute in my mind. “Yes…why?”
“Is that all you see?” 
“No, I see a man walking toward me. He’s wearing buffalo robes and carrying a staff of pine.” 
“What else do you see?”
“His headdress is that of a wolf.” As I spoke, I heard the sounds of war drums mixed with the melody of the wood flute. 
“Hello, my child,” the man said. “We have waited for you. Now you have come, and we have much to tell, and much to show. Walk with me, Chosen One. I will teach you what I can in this short time. You must come back often to learn what you must know.”
I took his hand, the Clark’s Jay sat on my shoulder, and we walked back toward the buffalo.
“Tell me what your eyes show you,” he said.
“I see many bison and a large valley with a river. Hills are off to my right and I see smoke rising to my left. I know this place. I have been here many times.”
“Yes, you know this place. You have come here often. It relaxes you. You are in the valley of the Nez Perce of the Yellowstone. I have waited for you. Walk with me.”
We walked deeper into the valley. The sun was bright, but I didn’t have to squint. I saw the wolves as they walked on the hill across the river. 
“What do you know of the earth? What do you know of the spirits?” he asked.
“I am ashamed to say I do not know what I need to know.”
“You are of the earth, its spirits run deep within you. You feel the great oak as it sways with the wind. You are strong like the oak. You have the fire from deep within the earth in your heart. Your heart is resolute—it beats strong.” He touched his hand to my chest and smiled. “I feel it in you. Fire is your friend, Chosen One. Know this. You will need it. Even the smallest of flames will protect you. Your blood runs like the river you see. It is hot and powerful. Your blood is strong. It gives you life, as does the water in this valley. Your blood protects. Breathe the air of this valley. It relaxes you. You are of this valley.”
“Why do I need to know this?”
“It will be made clear. Walk with me. Do you see the wolves that follow us?”
“Yes.”
“They are your protectors. The members of your clan are your protectors. Do not fail them. You must make them strong. Their ways are different to you. You must change.” He touched my chest with his finger to make his point that I needed to change.
We came to a clearing littered with rocks. “Collect the rocks and form a circle.”
I did as he instructed, and when I was finished, we sat in the center of the circle. 
“Close your eyes, my child. What do you hear? Do you hear the wind?”
“Yes.”
“What does it say?”
“Strength, it tells me to call upon it for my strength.”
“The wind can be a powerful force, or it can be as gentle as a lamb. Know this. The wind will tell its story. You must listen. 
I closed my eyes and relaxed my body, and I heard a voice whisper through the wind. 
Long ago, in this valley, a small child came and called to the wind. ”Do you hear me?” cried the child. The wind did not answer, and the child went away. A few years passed and the child returned. “Do you hear me?” cried the child. Again, the wind did not answer, and the child went away. More time passed, and the child was now a young maiden. Again, she cried to the wind, “Do you hear me now? I am here, and I will be heard. I am strong and I am here, and I will be heard.” Now the wind answered. “I have seen you since you were small, and I have watched. Your enemies know you well. You must change. Like the wind changes its direction, so must you. If you do not, your enemies will know how to destroy you. Their ways are not yours, but his love is strong. Others will love you, too. You will always be of the one, but you must take the others, too.” Then the voice was gone and the wind calmed.
“I do not understand this story,” I said.
“Very soon it will be made clear to you. Know the wind and know its strength. Know your own strength. Know that you strengthen your clan. Change your direction, hide your emotions.” 
Then he vanished, and I was back at the picnic area with the Clark’s Jay on the table. “Know your way, my child. Come back soon.” Then it flew away. 
I listened to the sound of the river as it flowed past me. The wind blew gently against my face and I watched the wolves that stood on the hill across the river.
Slowly, my mind floated toward my room. I saw everything clearly as I wandered through the hotel. I floated through the shopping area and into the Pub, where we had all been spending time. There they were, sitting at a table in the back. Their faces showed their concerns. I stayed for a while and listened to their conversation, realizing it was going to take everything I had to convince them all would be fine.
A ringing brought me back to the present.
Chapter 20


Our wakeup call came at seven a.m. sharp. Steven still held me in his arms and my head was still resting on his chest. His deep purr and rhythmic breathing had lulled me to sleep, and I found it hard to believe I had journeyed in my dreams. 
He reached and lifted the phone on the second ring and gently set it back in its cradle, then snapped the light on. “Good morning, Sunshine,” he whispered.
I smiled when I heard the sound of his voice reassuring me he was real and that our lovemaking had been real and not a dream. Even though I felt his body, my arms tightened around him, keeping him close to me for fear that when I opened my eyes it would be the pillow I was clinging to and not him. 
“Morning. Did you sleep, or meditate well with me on your chest all night?”
“Best ever,” he said while gently nudging me to roll onto my side so he could curl in behind me. His strong arms pulled me to his chest, protectively holding me to him. His lips brushed my ear as he whispered softly, “It’s time for me to get up, but I don’t want to leave you.”
I giggled and smiled. I scooted around to face him and looked into his deep brown eyes. His stare was intense, and I felt his gaze pulling me inside him. We became seamless as we breathed in unison and our hearts beat as one. 
“Damn, I have missed you,” then I draped my leg over him, giving enough pressure to roll him on his back. He placed his hands along my hips and raised me onto him. I felt the tingle of a shiver as he slid slowly inside me, and I saw him smile. My hips responded with slow rotations as his hands explored my body. 
I was aware of my surroundings even though I was lost in my own slice of heaven as I felt the pureness of his love filter through me with every movement. That love fed my hunger and satisfied me. I heard his name escape my lips, and felt his hands tighten around my hips. 
I raised backward, arching my back until I thought I would snap in two, but I found that perfect little spot that sent shudders through my body and then I collapsed onto his chest. 
He rolled me over and positioned himself over me. “Come back with me, Princess,” he whispered. His slow motions took me back with him, back to his need and his desire. His kisses were tender and light, his lips at times barely touching mine, teasing me with his gentle passion. My hips rotated with his slow and deliberate thrusts, and I closed my eyes as he increased the momentum, my legs tightening around him. 
I opened my eyes to find him watching me. His eyes held mine and pulled me deeper inside him, and I felt myself wrapping around his heart, entering his soul. I felt his smile with each sound of pleasure I made, until finally he found his paradise and his body went rigid with his release. 
When his breath returned to normal, he lowered himself beside me and I nuzzled into him.
After a few long moments, I whispered, “I think we have the control part down now,” and wrapped my arms around him again. 
“Yeah, that we do.” His arms tightened around me. “I will never allow you to leave—know that. You are mine, and I am yours. We belong to each other…this proved it. We are one and we always have been. Damn, I have missed you for so long…too long…much too long.”
“So, I’m your prisoner now, am I?” I jokingly teased. “I think I like that.”
“I’m a very loving warden—you’ll see,” he laughed.
“Well, I’ve no desire to go anywhere. I will always be with you.” I stretched beside him. “I don’t even need handcuffs—although…” I laughed.
“I’ll ask Stanley if he has a pair he can spare.”
I giggled, “Don’t you dare!” He gave me a kiss. “Can’t we just call today off and stay here?”
“Nope, I have plans for us today. We’re spending the day just having fun. No reunion, no Council talk, nothing from the past, just us. I told you I wouldn’t leave you and I meant it.” He slipped out of our embrace and headed for the bathroom. I heard the shower and thought very deviously about joining him.
I rolled over and was about to turn on the nightstand light when I saw the message light on the phone was lit again. I hadn’t heard it ring, and apparently neither had Steven. I pressed #7, heard the familiar “you have one new message,” and listened. 

Stay close to your clan today. Tonight will be perilous for them. The yellow is dangerous—the tooth is better. Your blood is strong and will protect. Of three vials, give halves to the four and the loved one whole. Do not forget the pendant and the stone.

Realizing these calls were not pranks, I frowned. “Why must they talk in riddles?” I mumbled and placed the handset back in its cradle. My thoughts returned to the dreams; the jay and the woman. I knew the woman I’d seen was a threat to me, and I knew I would be dealing with her soon. I had no idea what it all meant, or if it was my imagination playing with me. Why would I have to change? I tucked my thoughts away as Steven came out of the bathroom.
“Are you sure we need to go out today?” I asked.
He smiled and lifted me into his arms. “Yes, you will not hide in our room. We are going to enjoy the day. And if we should run into your ex-husband, he will know my anger.” 
His eyes were intense and I saw his passion for me in them. If Nick knew what was good for him, he would stay clear of me the rest of his life.
I smiled at him. “I love you. I’ll be quick, then we can go.” 
***
Showers have always relaxed me. I hadn’t realized how stressed I’d been until I felt my muscles unwinding as the water ran through my hair, over my shoulders and down my back. Knowing I needed to get a move on, I reached for the shampoo bottle, but it wasn’t where I had left it. I pulled the shower curtain back and sure enough, the shampoo was by the sink. “What is it doing over there?” As soon as I asked, the bottle rose in the air and came to me. Okay, this is new. I stared at the bottle as it hung in front of me, and surprisingly, I wasn’t scared. I reached for it and nervously chuckled. “Okay, if I did that, then that was so cool.” I looked around the room. “And if I didn’t, then who the hell is in the bathroom with me?” I decided to do a test. I thought about the bar of soap, and it floated to me as well. I started laughing. “Okay, really cool!” 
I finished my shower and got dressed. I had already made plans to practice this new talent, but I didn’t want anyone to know I was able to do this yet. I mean, I was still human and I shouldn’t be able to do this—I didn’t want to freak anyone out. 
When I entered the living room, Steven was at the dining table. He looked up, smiled, stood straight, and with a sweep of his hand across the table he said, “I’ve ordered your favorite.”
He pulled the chair out for me before he sat down. “Okay, I have something special planned for today.”
“I know what you said, but I don’t expect you to stop your life because of any of this. At the same time, I am glad you’re staying. I just want to spend the day with you. I don’t care if we go anywhere. We could stay locked in here all day, just as long as we’re together.” 
I noticed how drawn he looked, and that concerned me. The long separation we’d had, arranging this meeting, and all the worry that went with it had taken its toll on him. He was happy, but his body needed something more. He needed to hunt to release the bad energy he had stored and replace it with good energy.
“No, that won’t do. We’re going traveling, and you’ll need your camera. I have your cloak on the sofa—it’s black, not red. I don’t want to draw attention to you yet. Once you cross, you can wear a red one, but for now, you’ll need to be satisfied with black. Bill sent your hiking boots and a warm pair of socks this morning. Hope you don’t mind—I had him go to your house to get them. He also sent your necklace, with a message and I quote, ‘Wear it.’”
“Message received,” I smiled at him. “Where on earth are we going around here that I would need warm socks?”
“Not here. We’re going to Yellowstone, just the two of us. You always liked going there in the late fall. Your cloak will keep you warm.”
“Steven, I can’t travel the way you do yet…can I?”
“You can if I wrap my arms around you. You don’t have any objections to that, do you? I mean, after last night…and, well…this morning…that was extraordinarily delightful,” he smiled. “I want to wake up that way every morning with you. You, my princess, will need your rest,” he winked. 
I excitedly gave him a sweet squeal. “I can’t wait to experience you again like that! Trust me. I haven’t any problem wrapping my arms around you. Speaking of which, I don’t remember our lovemaking having been that controlled, that passionate. This was much better.”
“I agree, it was much better.” His lips formed a tiny smile as he watched me, and then he cleared his throat. “But, we do need to discuss a few things.”
I felt a tiny twinge of panic. “Like what? You said you didn’t want to talk about the past.” I set my fork down and looked at him.
He continued to butter his toast, not looking at me. “I don’t. I’m aware of your past. We don’t have to discuss it. However, we need to talk about our future. For instance, where do we want to live? I was thinking,” he paused and took a sip of his drink, “we could buy a new home near Bill and Gina, and you could get rid of the house you currently have.” He set down his knife, took a bite of his toast, and smiled, very pleased with himself for having come up with what he thought to be an excellent solution.
I thought for a few minutes, my brow furrowed, then I gave him a little grimace. “I can’t explain this just yet, but for some reason I feel I need to keep that house. I don’t know why, but there is something telling me to hang onto it. We can change out the furniture if you like.” I poured syrup over my bacon.
He wrinkled his nose and his mouth gave a little twitch as he looked at me. “I really don’t like you staying in that house. I don’t want Nick around—or the others—and as long as his name is on the title, he has access to the house and can invite others without your knowledge.”
“Nick’s name was never on the title. Dad told me he paid for the house…I don’t even think Nick knew. Besides, aren’t you going to be with me?”
“Yes, but I still don’t like it.” He thought about it for a few minutes. “We’ll go furniture shopping when we get home. Brad and Madalyn should be by shortly, so finish eating so we can leave as soon as he’s tested your blood.” I watched him as he finished his drink. He tried to avoid my stare, but I saw him glance at me a few times. When he set the glass down, he asked, “What?”
“Nothing. You just need another drink, that’s all.” 
“I do? What makes you think that?”
“You’ll feel better, and you’re probably going to need to hunt soon as well,” I informed him. 
He looked away when I said that. His shoulders straightened and his smile faded; this was obviously a part of his life he didn’t like sharing with me. We were so right for each other in so many ways, yet he seemed to want to forget what he was when he was with me. My love for him was unconditional and complete, and I realized this was going to take some tender coaching on my part. 
“Our past has taken a lot out of you. Our long separation, your planning all of this, all the information I gave Billy…well, it has all caught up with you. I can see it in your eyes, and I can feel it in your energy. You need to recharge. So, until you are ready to leave my side and go tackle the wide animals that will recharge you…double up on your drink—humor me.”
“You can feel my energy—really?”
My smile widened. “Oh yes, I can feel it.”
He raised his eyebrows. “Okay, I’ll double up, because I’m not ready to leave your side.”
As we sat there talking, I was also listening to Odessa. 
You are doing very well, she said. I must say I am impressed. Your bathroom maneuvers were excellent! You are going to be a challenge to your enemies, my dear. Here you sit, having a conversation with me inside your head, and you are still speaking and following an outside conversation. Yes, indeed, magnificent! None of your sisters managed that until after they’d crossed. I could actually feel her smile. I’ve a feeling the next goal I set for you is going to bother you, but you will need to be able to enter into others’ minds even if they have you blocked. You have blocked your mind from your family and this confuses them. I thought I would need to teach you how to do this, but you seem capable of doing it by yourself. The magic is strong in you, my dear. Your family has blocked their thoughts from you. Regardless, I don’t think you are going to have any trouble getting into their minds. You will need to continue to show them you’re strong, and I really don’t think they are ready to hear this. She laughed. I see many arguments in your future! 
***
We had just finished breakfast when we heard a knock on the door. Steven stood, picked up his drink, and leaned down and kissed me, after which he licked his lips and said, “Sweet. I think you’ve had enough sugar for the day.”
“So, what…now you’re my mother?” I teased back. “It’s just the syrup.”
He kissed me again and said, “Well, it tastes good on you,” then he went to answer the door. 
He greeted Brad and Madalyn and offered them a drink, but Madalyn declined for both of them. “We’re fine. We’ve had our breakfast, haven’t we darling? It was nice and warm.” 
I could feel her pressing me with her comments, but I was not going to acknowledge her remarks. I would treat her with respect. After all, she was Brad’s mate, and I didn’t want to cause any waves being new to the clan. She would adjust—I just had to give it more time. I got up from my chair to greet them as well. 
I ran my hand along their necks, just below the ear along the jugular vein. Brad looked tired this morning, but Madalyn looked okay, just angry. I frowned. “No, you aren’t fine. You both need another drink. I looked at Steven. “I think you had better schedule a hunt. Would you mind contacting Rick and Sandy and asking them to come by?” 
Brad stopped in mid-stride toward the sofa, spun around and asked, “When did this start?” 
“This morning at breakfast. She told me the same thing,” Steven proudly informed him.
“She did? Really?”
“Yeah…she was right, too.”
“Okay, I’m standing right here.” I laughed, and that brought their attention back to me. “Look, I know I’m very connected to Steven…” I couldn’t hold back my smile as my morning treat came back to my thoughts. Steven seemed to know where my thoughts had taken me, as he cleared his throat, bringing my attention back to him, and winked. I stammered in my embarrassment. “And it…would seem…I’m apparently connected to all of you. Let’s just get this out of the way and be done with it. You will all feel so much better.”
I rose on my tiptoes and gave Steven a kiss. “Now please, contact Rick and Sandy. I’m going to go brush my teeth and I’ll be right back. Madalyn, Brad, have another glass of your drink,” I said as I left the room. 
***
I was happily humming a merry tune and preparing my toothbrush when Odessa popped into my head again. I jumped and squirted toothpaste into the sink. She chuckled. Sorry, I’ll try not to sneak up on you. 
I’ll get used to it. What’s on your mind?
I agree with you. They need to hunt and we need to practice. We can practice while they’re gone. 
Yeah, I know…but Steven was so set on us spending the day together… 
If you don’t practice and learn what you need to know, you may never get the chance to spend time together. You have so much to learn and understand, she warned.
I spit and rinsed. Okay, I’ll do my best. 
***
On my way back to the living room, I stopped at the dresser and picked up the bloodstone necklace. The stone immediately warmed my hand. I turned it over and examined it, not understanding how I could feel such warmth from a simple stone. I shrugged my shoulders, slipped the necklace over my head, and hid it under my shirt. 
Everyone was present in the living room when I returned. I could tell by looking at Rick that his dark energy was strong. The shadows under his eyes were darker this morning and his brow was creased a little more than I’d seen since I’d been here. He, too, looked tired. My past must have taken a toll on him as well as on Brad and Steven. I placed my hand on both their necks, the same way I had with the others, and asked Steven to pour two more glasses. I sat next to Brad on the sofa while Madalyn stood by the window watching us.
“Okay, that’s new,” Sandy said as she sat back down and looked at me.
“Well, Squirt, what else can you do? And more important, how is it you can do this now? You haven’t crossed yet, have you?” Rick teasingly asked. “Brad, what did the blood test show?”
“I haven’t had a chance to do it yet. Bree feels we need to hunt.” He wrapped his arm around me and pulled me to him. “I think she’s just trying to get out of this test.”
I grinned up at him. “No, I’m not. We’ll get around to that, I promise, but I really do think you need to do this, and I’ll not take 'no' for an answer. You all need to hunt. Look at all of you. I can see the strain on your faces. You should have meditated last night instead of sitting at the pub trying to decide what to do about my enemies.”
Rick’s head jerked up in surprise. “How did you know that?” he asked, and then tried to hide his astonishment of my correct assessment of their nightly venture, but I felt his emotion…he was curious about my abilities. 
“I saw you there in my mind.” I smiled, a little proud of myself.
“You saw us? Right. Okay, who all was there?” he challenged. 
“Well, the two of you,” I motioned to him and Brad, “and Billy. Steven kept checking in to see what you were deciding. Then my other cousin Stanley came with a friend of his. I think his name was Dirk. They stayed for a short while. Billy went home about five, and you guys left shortly after that. Now, did I pass your test?” 
Everyone stared at me with wide eyes and mouths opened with surprise.
“You saw all of that?” Brad asked.
I nodded. 
“Damn…you’re still a scrawny little human, but able to do that. Huh, will wonders never cease?” Rick’s eyes smiled, but I saw the obstinance in them, and then I felt him give a gentle push to get past the barrier that kept my thoughts silent to them. He most certainly would be fun to play with on this. 
I smiled at him and watched his eyes, and when I saw he had given up on his advances into my mind, I continued with my logic, trying to make them see things my way. “Look, my past has been very taxing for all of you. Last night was stressful—it drained you, and I need you all at top strength. I can see and feel your anger, and I need you to release it. I am asking you to please go hunt today. Steven…” I held my finger up, “I will be here when you get back, well-rested, and we can spend the night together. I really need you all to do this for me.”	
I thought I’d delivered my speech quite well. I used what I thought was the right amount of sternness in my voice, but apparently I was going to need lessons.
“I’m not leaving you alone. What if we split up—maybe two of us at a time—at least then someone will be here with you. I don’t think I could seriously hunt with you here by yourself,” Steven said as he came and sat beside me.
“Yeah, Squirt, we can split up. It’s just not safe leaving you unprotected. The Traditionals should start arriving soon, and if by chance they find you’re here, let alone by yourself, well, I’m not comfortable with that,” Rick said.
Odessa popped into my thoughts, and it was all I could do to keep the surprised look off my face. 
Bree you really need to practice. 
You can teach me anywhere, right?
Yes. 
Okay, then plan B. “Steven, do you hunt around your cabin?” 
“Yeah, why?”
“Well, I could go with you and stay at your cabin until you’re done hunting. I would be safe there, wouldn’t I?”
“Yes, and I would be much happier with that scenario than with leaving you here.”
“Weren’t you going to go to Yellowstone?” Sandy asked.
“We were, but Bree’s right. We do need to hunt, or I just may have to kill her ex-husband and his two friends.” He didn’t look at me when he said it, but Rick and Brad agreed.
“I haven’t had bison in a long time. Wouldn’t she be just as safe there at Snow Lodge? I mean…no one needs to know where we are. We could all bathe in Yellowstone Lake before we go back to the room,” Sandy said.
“Oh, bison sounds good,” Madalyn agreed as she made a smacking sound with her lips and watched me for my reaction to her display. I didn’t give her one. I wasn’t going to let her mess with my mind…I was capable of doing that myself. 
“Okay,” Rick said. “Yellowstone it is. We’ll get there early enough for some fun first,” he looked at me. “It’s best if we hunt at night—less likely to be seen.”
I nodded, showing I understood his comment, but I wasn’t happy with the decision. “Steven, I think I would feel better if we went to your cabin instead.”
“Bree, there’s nothing to worry about. We’ve hunted in Yellowstone many times,” Brad offered. “You’ll be perfectly safe there.”
“It’s not me I’m worried about,” I mumbled.
“Oh, for pity sakes, we are all very capable of taking care of ourselves,” Madalyn said with a little more frustration than was necessary. “You don’t need to worry about us. You need to worry more about yourself.” Her tone had changed, but she wasn’t convincing me. Her anger was strong and she was projecting it toward me. I knew she could care less how I felt. I saw her eyes dart to Steven, and I knew she was playing to him, and I couldn’t tell if he was buying it or not.
Odessa, I have a bad feeling about this, but they aren’t going to listen to me. The message on the phone said the yellow is dangerous—the tooth is better. Steven’s cabin is in the Bear Tooth Mountains. I think we really need to go there.
Have Brad take three vials of your blood. He only needs a few drops to run his test, and you want to give them a little more protection. Pour a little of your blood in their ‘drinks.’ This will protect them if there is trouble. This is what the message meant. It will also help them understand your strength. 
You know about the phone message.
Yes, child. I know.
Wanna tell me who it is?
They’ve already told you. Now, we have to work to do. Have your blood drawn and protect your family.
Okay…do I need to say any magic words when I pour my blood in their ‘drinks?' I asked hopefully.
No, just pour it into them. Your magic is strong enough. You don’t need words. 
But…could I say a few words if I wanted to? I asked a little wistfully.
Bree, it’s not necessary. Your magic is strong. 
I sighed in my thoughts.
Oh very well, if it’ll make you happy. When you pour your blood into their ’drinks,’ say these words quietly to yourself. “Taste my blood and know my strength. I will always be with you.” 
She left my thoughts, and I turned my attention back to everyone. “Brad could you please take three vials of blood?” 
He gave me a skeptical look. “I only need a few drops. Why do you want me to take three?” He reached over, and tucked a strand of hair behind my ear. His hand came to rest on my shoulder, and I felt the snap of electricity when he touched me. His eyes glanced quickly to his fingers. A curious look formed on his face, and then he looked back at me and smiled.
“Because, I’m asking you to,” I said as I shrugged my shoulders. I knew I wouldn’t be able to explain the feeling I had in a way they would understand. To do so I would have to tell them about Odessa and the phone calls, and the time just wasn’t right for that.
“Why? What do you plan to do with the blood he takes?” Steven asked.
I looked at him and wrinkled my nose. “I’m going to pour it in your drinks, and you are all then going to consume your drinks.” I smiled. He didn’t, so I quickly continued. “None of you understand how I know things. I just know I need to do this, that’s all.”
Brad squeezed my shoulder in a reassuring way, set his glass down, and got up to get his medical bag. He pulled out some vials and the blood collection needle, “Which size do you need?”
“You’re not seriously going to do this, are you?” Steven questioned.
“Yeah, I think I am. What could it hurt?” he replied
When I saw the needle, I started feeling warm. Damn, don’t pass out—it’s just a needle. I bit my top lip and looked at Brad. 
“You don’t need to watch,” he said as he knelt in front of me and began wrapping the rubber tie around my arm. “What size do you need?”
I looked at the selection he offered me and picked three midsize tubes. Then he told me to make a fist. “Here’s the stick. Breathe through your nose. You’re doing fine.” He filled the three vials, then took a very small vial and filled it with a small amount of blood. “All done.” He placed a cotton ball over the needle as he pulled it out. Madalyn gave me a sour look when she handed him a strip of tape to place over the cotton. 
I felt like I was in a Jekyll and Hyde movie with her. One minute she was all smiles and the next she looked like she wanted to tear me to pieces. 
Brad handed me the three vials. They felt warm in my hands and when I noticed a small wisp of steam escaping through the hole in the top of each rubber stopper, I couldn’t stop the sickly look that came over me. I glanced at Brad and saw him hide a laugh. “I’ve a feeling it’s not supposed to do that,” I said to him.
“Well, not for a normal person, no,” he said. 
I could feel his energy. For some reason it was strong today, and I felt it swirling deep in my soul.
He turned around, picked up a slide, and dropped two drops onto it, then placed it onto the plate of the microscope Madalyn had set up for him on the coffee table. He looked into the eyepiece for a short time, then reached into his bag and pulled out a small bottle of clear liquid. He took an eyedropper and dropped three drops into the small vial, and gave it a little shake. Steam escaped and then a faint wisp of very light green smoke rose from it. 
He turned back to look at me and laid his hand on mine, and the rush of his energy from his touch made me shiver. “You’re on your way through the process.” His grip tightened on my hand and the energy surge strengthened. He had an instant look of surprise in his eyes, which told me he’d felt it too.
I asked the question that I assumed was on everyone’s mind. “How much time?” 
He tried to sound comforting. “Oh, about nine months, maybe more.” 
“Or maybe less,” I added for him.
“Yes Bree, maybe less,” he said very softly as he stood.
“Can you take the stoppers out of these for me?” I handed them up to him and stood. 
I spoke the words Odessa had told me to say as I poured half a vial into Brad’s drink. I winked at him, then poured the other half into Madalyn’s glass. I did the same thing with the next vial for Rick and Sandy. When I got to Steven’s glass, he looked at me as I whispered the words to myself, and when I finished, I smiled, winked, and poured the contents of the last vial into his drink. 
“Now, if you would please finish your drinks so we can be on our way. Steven, I really should let Gran know I’m going to be gone today. I don’t want her to worry, but I don’t want her to know exactly where we are going. Would you tell her you are taking me to the desert?”
“Yeah, I’ll tell her,” he answered before he took a swallow of his drink. I watched his eyes widen. “Wow! That was…damn,” he finished the rest in one long swallow. I watched him with a concerned expression, and when he saw my look, he gave me a very devilish smile, arched one eyebrow, and asked, “Did it taste sweeter to you, guys?” 
“Yeah, it did,” said Rick as he licked his lips. “Bree, I think you should lay off the sugar. Seriously, your blood really did make it taste different—it tasted great!” I grimaced and he smiled. “I always said you were a sweet little thing,” he laughed.
I watched as, one by one, their approval crept across their faces. Madalyn ran her finger along the inside of the glass, and then sucked it off her fingers. Not wanting her lusting act to go to waste, she smiled wickedly at me, then turned back to look out the window. 
That sent a chill through me. Oh boy! Maybe I shouldn’t have given her any! “Okay, if you could just not keep telling me how good I taste, I would appreciate it,” I said. 
Steven came up and kissed me on the forehead. “I’ve spoken to your grandmother, and told her we’re all going on a picnic in the desert and that we’ll see her tomorrow.” He turned to the others. “We’ll meet you guys at the Snow Lodge in a few minutes.”
Rick and Sandy set their glasses down and disappeared, but before Brad and Madalyn left, I asked if he would bring his medical bag with him. 
 “I never go anywhere without it,” then he and Madalyn disappeared. 
When we were alone, Steven turned toward me, took my hands in his, and raised them to his lips. “Care to explain?”
“Will you keep an open mind?”
“Yes.” 
“I heal quickly, so my blood has some properties in it to help me heal. I’m just not comfortable about tonight and I wanted to give you guys a little more protection. It can’t hurt, can it?”
“No, Princess, it can’t hurt,” he smiled, and then wrapped his arms around me and gave me a very tender kiss. “I agree with Rick though. You are a very sweet little thing. Now, are you ready?”
“Do we need to pack anything?”
“Ah, already did.” 
“You did?” I looked up at him suspiciously. “You packed for me?” 
“Yes, I know what you need.”
“You do? You went into my drawers and got everything I’ll need?”
“Yeah, you have a problem with that, missy?” He was smiling. “I have watched you for many, many years…I know what you like to wear.” He had his arms wrapped around me again. “I know you like to listen to your music,” he kissed my forehead, “and I know what you like to sleep in.” 
“No, no problem at all. It’s kind of nice. I could get used to it.” 
“That’s what I’m counting on.” He took my face in his hands and pressed his lips so gently to mine that my heart fluttered. 
“I’ll be right back—don’t go anywhere.” He went into the bedroom and came out with our overnight bag, and I had to hide a smile as I watched his enthusiasm in readying us for our trip. 
He fastened my pendant Billy had sent around my neck, and wrapped my cloak around me, before he donned his own. He had one hand on the bag and his other wrapped around my waist. “Wrap your arm around my waist. Any questions before we start?” 
“Do I need to close my eyes?”
“Only if you want to. I’m driving so it doesn’t matter. Hold on, here we go.”
The room folded into itself, then the next room folded into us, and it kept going faster and faster. I could feel us turning north—the direction we needed to go. At least, I assumed we were heading north. Space kept folding into itself faster and faster, and I was glad I didn’t get motion sickness, because this was an old-fashioned theme park ‘E-ticket’ ride! Unfortunately, the ride only lasted a few seconds…just like at a theme park, and when we slowed, Steven told me to start walking, and we walked right out of nothingness into the light. His expert driving made it look as if we had just gotten out of our car and were walking toward Snow Lodge.
“Are you okay?” he asked.
I giggled, “That was fun! Can we do it again? Come on, one more time around the block,” I teased.
He gave a low chuckle and tightened his hold on my waist. “No more airplane rides for you. You’ll be traveling this way from now on. It’s a lot quicker, and for you, a hell of a lot safer.”
Rick and Sandy appeared, and a few seconds later Brad and Madalyn arrived. They walked into the lodge, but I stopped and took in a deep breath. I could smell the pine, and the crisp, cool mountain air felt good on my skin. 
I could hear the low rumble of Old Faithful going off as a bull elk walked through the parking lot into the trees. A few moments later, I heard his bugle. The sound he made was heaven to my ears, and it sent shivers down my spine. I loved it, and my heart leapt every time I heard it. He was announcing himself to all the females in the area, and his was a bold statement. Then I thought about the reason we were here and I closed my eyes.
Steven leaned in close and whispered, “We’re here for bison, not elk. He will be fine, I promise.” I opened my eyes and smiled a thank you. 
“I’ve a question. Who made the reservations?” 
“Sandy took care of it. She always takes care of the reservations.” 
We were all on the same floor and our rooms were right next to each other. Steven opened the door to our room, and told me to stay where I was. He rolled the suitcase in, took the camera out of the case, came back, then took me by the hand. “It’s too early to be in our rooms. Let’s go have some fun. See you guys in a couple of hours,” then he disappeared with me to go geyser gazing. 
Chapter 21


There were very few people out on the boardwalk when Steven and I appeared behind a few trees at Riverside Geyser. “I figured we could work our way back to Old Faithful,” he said.
The geyser had just started its spectacular display, jettisoning hot water over the river, and the cold air causing steam to rise in union with its spray. 
I could feel the power of the eruption course though my body, and I felt the earth shudder as the force of the water made its way up through its tubing and through the opening. I had always felt the ground shudder here, but now I was even more aware of it. My entire body felt the vibration of the earth, and my feet tingled from the sensation. 
The wind blew the spray in our direction, and I covered my camera with my cloak to protect it and let the geyser mist sweep over me. 
I watched the hill across the river and saw the mule deer grazing, undaunted by the earth’s forceful bursts. They didn’t need to watch, they’d no doubt seen the display countless times. 
In the copse of trees just off to the left, I watched as a dark cloud moved about. Steven took no notice of the shape as it hovered in the trees, then seconds later it vanished. 
We watched the waterworks until the geyser played out and then we continued up the boardwalk, hand in hand, in the direction of another geyser named Daisy. 
“Now, aren’t you glad we came?” he asked. 
There was a light breeze, and the air was crisp. The smell of pine mixed with sulfur was indeed wonderful, and hearing the wind blowing through this vast landscape was a relaxing sound. Beyond the pine and sulfur scent, I could smell the hint of rain in the air. I was certain it would rain tonight and that rain would turn to snow by morning. I so loved this time of year.
I wrapped my arm around him, pulling myself closer to him. “You know I love it here, but I still wish we had gone to your cabin.” I didn’t bother to mention the darkness I was feeling, or the dark cloud I saw. None of them understood me yet. I didn’t understand me either, for that matter. Nor did I bother to mention the anger I was feeling from Madalyn. There was a reason for it—I knew that much. Another elk bugled in the distance, and its sound cascaded down the mountain.
When we arrived at our destination the geyser hadn’t erupted yet, but it was starting its splashing pre-actions, so I felt we had enough time to walk the short path to Punch Bowl. By the time we got back, Rick and Sandy were sitting on the bench.
“Thought we would catch up with you two here,” Rick said.
I gave him a hug. “I know Steven told you where we were.”
“Damn, woman, there is no getting anything past you, is there? Are you enjoying yourself, Squirt? It’s not too cold for you is it?” He hugged me back, and began vigorously rubbing my shoulders trying to warm me up.
I had my cloak wrapped around me keeping the cold wind out, but noticed that Steven, Rick, and Sandy were content to leave theirs open. 
“No, I like the cold. Just a habit of wrapping myself up, I guess.” I sat on the bench next to Sandy and watched the tree line while they were talking. I was paying attention to the conversation, but I was more concerned with the dark energy I was encountering. 
I felt the tremors in the earth and my feet tingled as the energy built, and then the hot water burst through the hole in the ground. The power I felt behind the force was simply thrilling, and I viewed this land in a very different light. I was one with the earth, and that sensation was amazing. 
The breeze blew the steam and water away from us, so I was able to use my camera. I walked up the boardwalk to take pictures of my three escorts sitting on the bench, but when I looked through the camera lens, I saw the dark mass behind them. I slowly lowered my camera, and stared at the evil until it floated out of sight. A pool of dread formed in my stomach. I didn’t like what I was seeing or feeling and I wanted this night over with in a hurry. 
I heard Steven call me, “Ready to move on, Princess?” They were all standing now, so I clicked off more pictures and hurried to join them. 
As we made our way up the boardwalk in the direction of Old Faithful, Brad and Madalyn were coming toward us. We were all together again. I stifled a laugh when I remembered Madalyn’s comment. Maybe I should have grabbed Steven and just made a run for it, but as my eyes swept over all their faces, I knew they would have found us, and I had to admit to myself, in the short amount of time we had all been together, I too, needed to have them around me. The only ones missing were Billy and Gina. Maybe next time, I thought.
After we watched Old Faithful erupt, the six of us headed back toward the lodge. 
“Bree, you need to eat before we leave,” Steven said.
“I can call room service later,” I countered.
“Think again, sugar,” he said. “You are not to leave the room or call room service while we’re gone. Understood?”
“Yeah, sorry. I wasn’t thinking,” I answered, catching a glimpse of Madalyn rolling her eyes. Maybe I should just ask her what’s bothering her. I tried to think if I had said something to upset her, but nothing came to mind. Sandy didn’t seem to have a problem with me. I just didn’t understand why Madalyn did. Maybe I’m being too sensitive and she doesn’t have a problem with me at all. Maybe this is just how she is…grumpy and mad all the time.
As we walked the path toward the lodge, I felt Madalyn’s thoughts push toward Sandy, and my mind tuned in immediately. I didn’t mean to eavesdrop, but with the force she’d thrown her thoughts at Sandy with, I couldn’t help but hear them…so I listened. 
Sandy, I need you to stand with me on this.
Maddie, why? What good will this do? Steven belongs to her. You know that!
Sandy, either you stand with me, or I will tell Rick and Brad you have watched over your parents! You know the rules—once ‘turned’ the human trappings do not belong to you. You are in the magical realm, and there you will stay! How do you think they will take it if they know you’ve been paying for your parents’ utilities? I’ll tell them you go there and watch them! Don’t you know how dangerous that is?
Madalyn, that’s harsh. My parents are old. They haven’t any money and we have so much. They never see me. What does it hurt? 
Stand with me, against her, and I will keep your secret!
The wind suddenly blew a cold chill through me, and I drew my cloak tighter around me. This was not good, not good at all. I had been out of their lives for a very long time and I knew I was going to have to make adjustments. I knew this, but to have her dislike me this much…no, this was not good.
Steven instinctively placed his arm around my waist, pulling me closer to him to shield me from the bitter winds that blew. If he only knew my chill was not from the winds, but from the bitter thoughts that came briskly from Madalyn, he would understand my shivers. 
I looked up at him, we exchanged smiles, and I decided at that moment I would not complain to him about her. I would step above her, and I would not complain about my mistreatment from her. I would let her be the one to do the complaining, and the explaining. I had known her type before and I was not going to stoop to her level. 
Okay, we’ll see how long that lasts, my thoughts chastised me.
***
 Once in our room, I unpacked our suitcase to see what my Steven had brought me to wear. He, however, had other ideas on how we were going to spend the rest of the afternoon.
Chapter 22


Steven was relaxing on the bed when I came out of the bathroom. His six-foot frame stretched the width of the bed. He rolled onto his stomach and watched me as I walked around in my underwear. He pulled a pillow up under him and rested on his elbows. “Hey,” he said in a low, hushed, voice. “You know I love you, don’t you? Bree Wentworth, Aubrey Wentworth. No, Aubrey Marie Wentworth. Yeah, I like the sound of that.” 
He stretched his arm toward me, and I took his hand and sat next to him and when he rolled onto his side, I could feel the vibration in his chest. I ran my fingers through his chest hairs and watched the electricity spark. 
“I don’t know. I’m extremely relaxed now. I really don’t think I need to go hunt tonight,” he said.
I felt his neck along the jugular, leaned down and kissed him, and again I saw those tiny flashes of color dance on his skin. He shivered, and I smiled. “Yes Steven, you need to hunt. Then, you need to get back here, understand?” I laughed. “Now what did you bring for me to wear tomorrow? I can’t just walk around in my underwear.”
“As far as I’m concerned, you could,” he grinned.
I stuck my tongue out at him, and went to open the suitcase.
He walked up behind me, wrapping me in his arms. “We don’t have to go out tonight, you know,” he leaned his head against mine and we swayed.
“And just what would we do? There’s no TV.” 
“We could wrap up in the covers, and you could let me hold you all night. I could whisper in your ear of my eternal love for you, and then I could show you repeatedly how much I love you, just like this morning. We could plan our life together, and we do have a lot to plan, Princess.”
“It sounds very tempting, but…you need to hunt. We can do that after, when you get back,” I countered, and reluctantly he went to get dressed.
When he closed the bathroom door, I finished getting dressed and straightened the bedding. I picked up my iPod, stuck one earbud in my ear, turned the music on low, and walked toward the window. I wrapped my arms around myself, trying to keep my worried thoughts at bay as I stared into the trees. 
The sun was bright in the sky, but I could still sense the dark energy. I rubbed the cold from my shoulder, turned from the window, and looked around our room for something to keep my mind off the darkness. There wasn’t a TV or a radio, or any magazines. I hadn’t brought a book, just my iPod. Maybe practicing with Odessa will keep my mind off things. 
I turned and looked out the window again and stared into the trees until I heard Steven come out of the bathroom. I turned and smiled, but it was a weak smile. 
He walked over to me and took the earbud out of my ear. “What are you so worried about, sweetie? We have hunted these hills and mountains so many times. You don’t need to worry about us. Let’s get some food in you. Then, before we leave, we’ll go to the gift shop. I know how much you love gift shops,” he teased, trying to get me to smile. When that did not stop my worry, he wrapped his arms around me and kissed the side of my head. 
“I don’t know why I have this feeling of dread, but I do. Maybe it’s just the thought of the hunt,” I said. I placed my hand on his chest. It was still wet from his shower, but I could feel the strong vibration. 
“Does that please you, Princess?” he asked placing his hand over mine.
“Yes, very much so. It fascinates me. You all seem to do that. I have felt it in the others, too. Why do you do that?”
“We’re content. I haven’t felt this content in a long time—say about fifteen years. Even when I was with others, I was never content.”
That thought had never entered my mind. Of course, there had been others. I mean, dang, I was married…but there will not be any more. I would see to all of his needs, for all of eternity. My eyes gave my question away and I didn’t have to ask it…but I did. “Others?” 
“Yeah, there were others. I dated. I wanted to draw attention away from you, so I dated, and I was very public about it. I pretended to be content, but I wasn’t.” He looked at me a little suspiciously, “You can feel it in the others as well?”
“Yes, I can feel it and hear it, too. I feel it more with you guys, though. I have to be close to Sandy and Madalyn, but I can feel yours clear across the room…Rick and Brad’s, too. Why?”
“Humans are unaware of it, that’s all.”
A soft tap on the door stopped our conversation. I took my hand off his chest and said, “You go finish dressing, and I’ll get the door.”
He reached for my hand. “Trust me, they have seen me in far less clothing than this.” My eyes narrowed on him, he sheepishly grinned, and pointed toward the bathroom, saying, “I’ll just go get dressed.” 
“You do that,” I sternly said.
On my way to answer the door, I stopped and zipped the suitcase closed. Just as I opened the door, Rick had his hand raised to knock again.
 He gave me a kiss on the cheek as he entered. “What took you so long, Squirt?” 
Sandy gave me a hug, and I just received a quick brush on my shoulder from Madalyn’s hand. Brad was the last to enter. He gave me a kiss and whispered in my ear, “I brought the bag, now stop worrying,” then kissed me again. The energy I felt from him now was even stronger than this morning. 
“Just straightening up, that’s all, Rick. I thought we were going to meet at the restaurant?” I said just as Steven came out of the bathroom. 
“Nah,” he batted the air. “I missed you.” He patted Steven on the back, smiled, and winked at me.
I watched as they greeted one another. It was all very pack-like, very fraternal, and that stood to reason—they were a pack, of sorts. I just wasn’t sure where they all placed. 
Brad was definitely the leader, the Alpha. They seemed to always run things by him for his approval. I wouldn’t say Madalyn was an Alpha, though. She could be, but she didn’t seem that strong a leader, more of a follower. Maybe their pack didn’t require one. 
I rolled my eyes. Geez, that’s really quite stupid. These are people not animals. ‘Alpha’s,’ for heaven sakes!
Rick caught me staring. “You okay?”
“Yes, I’m fine, nothing to be concerned about.” I saw them all looking at one another and then I felt several soft pushes to enter my thoughts. Laughingly I told them, “Sorry, my thoughts are not open for discussion. Dang, I wish I had known about this talent earlier.”
“How did you learn that? Steven, have you been teaching her?” Sandy asked, a little miffed. 
“Not me. This is new.” Steven eyed me wryly. “What other surprises do you have in store for us?”
Sandy had her hands on her hips and her eyes narrowed as if that would help her squeeze into my mind. I could actually feel her trying to shove past my barriers. I giggled as I narrowed my eyes back at her and entered her thoughts. Oh dear, she is going to be a handful. Bill was right—she can be a pistol when she wants. Steven will have his hands full. Well damn, we all will have our hands full with this one. I wish Madalyn would just leave well enough alone.
I smiled as I came back from her thoughts and answered Steven’s question. “I don’t know until it happens. Can we eat now?” I placed my hand on the doorknob, satisfied that my abilities were growing.
“That’s right, have to keep the little human fed,” Rick teased. He grabbed Sandy’s hand, pulled her close to him, nipped at her neck and then he stole a glance at me. I think he thought he could catch me off guard, then sneak in and take a quick look around in my mind. 
Rick was a very sensual individual. His smile was soft and sexy. His eyes were blue and piercing, and he had stolen a piece of my heart. I didn’t know when this had happened, but he had and he knew it…and I don’t think he will give it back. I think I might have even stolen a piece of his. 
He was my solider, my protector, and my Hercules. He watched me and cared for me, and because of that, I felt there was more to our past than I was currently aware of. 
He had a smile that could turn you on, and he not only knew it, he used it. Since I’d met him, I’d watched him with our waitresses. His eyes would hold their gaze as he spoke to them, and his smile made them feel like to him, they were the only ones in the room. 
I’d even noticed him trying it on me from time to time. The way he held my hands when he placed the bowling ball in the correct position, how he held me when we danced, even when he sat next to me…he would brush against me and smile. 
I liked having him around. I felt safe with him, but I most certainly did not want him rummaging around in my thoughts. 
His tone was the loudest of the group, outside of Steven’s—and Sandy’s, for a female, was equally as loud. Their sexual appetite for each other was strong. 
Brad and Madalyn’s purr seemed to match each other well—a proper purr for two very proper individuals. 
Brad was sensual in his own way. He always spoke softly to me. I always felt him watching me—not in a leering way like Nick’s friend Jared—but more in an interested way, as if I fascinated him. I was his mystery. That puzzle piece that was missing out of the box of five thousand pieces. When I would look up at him, he would always smile and he never turned away from me. Whenever he kissed me on the cheek, it was always slow and intentional. I felt that if I would turn my head just a fraction he would kiss me on the lips and not make any excuse for it. 
Madalyn’s hugs, when she gave them, were always motherly. Not a strong motherly hug, more like an elder would hug a younger member of the group. 
I wasn’t in their pack, and I didn’t know if they would ever consider me a part of it, not really. They’d all been together for so long. They were comfortable communicating with one another in their minds. They kept their secrets better that way…no one to intrude on their thoughts…and Madalyn most definitely viewed me as an intrusion.
***
As we sat in our booth waiting for our food to arrive, the sky clouded over and shadows appeared on the ground. Those shadows didn’t bother me—it was the shadows only I saw, the dark only I felt, that had me concerned—and I continued to watch the hills, looking for the dark mass of evil.
“Bree,” Steven said. “We’ll leave about six-thirty, it’ll be dark then. We don’t have to go far…the bison are just up the road. We should be back by eight at the latest.”
I nodded as the waitress arrived with our meals. Our conversations at the table seemed relaxed, but things weren’t always what they seemed. Rick sat on one side of me, and Steven on the other. 
I could feel the vibration from them. It was an extreme sensation, and I had to breathe deeply to calm myself. 
Rick’s leg rubbed against mine. Even if I moved just a little and lost that contact, it wasn’t long before his leg or his arm was against me. Touching, they were always touching. They seemed to need that contact. 
I picked at my food and I could feel them watching me. I took a chance to listen to their thoughts. I didn’t want them to detect me, I didn’t want to intrude on the pack, but I was curious. I crept into their minds, and I quietly listened to their war of words.
***
Steven, honestly, what could possibly be worrying her? She doesn’t understand us. I don’t think she ever will, Madalyn said. You’re still sure about her? Fifteen years is a long time. I know, I know, the prophecy placed you two together, but with everything that has happened, to you, to her, maybe it was just too much. Humans are weak. Don’t forget that, she is still human. How will she react when she knows about us? Can you tell me that? Madalyn demanded, an angry growl rattling deep in her chest.
Brad answered her growl with a more threatening one of his own. Madalyn, I told you to stop doing that. Steven will handle this. If you continue with this attitude, I will send you home. I’m not going to allow you to ruin this. His tone was gruff. She is staying. You need to deal with it. I know you and Steven have a special bond, but that does not give you the right to act like this. You are pushing my patience. You may think she’s weak, but that would be a very big mistake on your part.
It’s because we have that bond that I needed to ask. Don’t get cross with me. I have a lot at stake here, too! I don’t want him hurt, not like she has hurt him for the last fifteen years, Madalyn said, reminding them again of the years that had passed.
That wasn’t Bree’s fault, Madalyn, Rick thought. You and Sandy weren’t there, but if you had been, I don’t think you would be this uncertain. She can handle it. Let Steven tell her. Damn, woman, why are you being so pissy with her? What has she done to you?
I can understand Madalyn’s concern, Rick, Sandy said. You, Brad, and Steven are so trusting with the prophecy. She’s been through a lot, now you expect her to fall madly in love with Steven, and all is well again. I know it looks like that at times, but maybe she’s playing him. Maybe she’s playing all of us. Don’t you think this is just a little too much, a little too convenient? I mean, Steven is very soft on the eyes, and she just came out of a bad marriage. Maybe she just wants a good-looking guy on her arm for a change. I mean…do you really think she is connected to us? She isn’t even one of us, and we all know she never really will be. She can’t, she’s a witch, a Druid priestess, a powerful sorceress—or will be—and we are the undead. Remember? We are beneath her. 
Don’t you start too, Sandy. What happened to “Bree, don’t worry? Now you have women watching your back too”? Can you tell me that? I am so surprised at you. You were so excited, and now you say this. She has been nothing but friendly to the both of you. I’m disappointed Sandy, I really am disappointed in you, Rick said.
She has never thought of us as being beneath her and you know it. Steven’s said. Bill has never treated you that way. Millie has never treated you that way. None of her family has ever treated you that way. Why would you think she would? Madalyn, you have nothing to worry about…I will talk to her. She will understand.
Why did she have us drink her blood? Madalyn asked. What was that all about? I think this has all gone to her head. We hunt here all the time. What does she have to be concerned about? I think it was foolish, and I think you three are acting foolish. What will you do if she doesn’t understand, Steven? Will you leave us? Will you leave me? Madalyn asked.
Madalyn, if you continue with your treatment toward her, yes, I will leave. I will not hesitate one second. Know that! 
I pulled from their thoughts as I felt the energy rise in Steven and it worried me. This whole setup worried me. Where was this coming from? What had I done that was so terribly wrong? 
I was deep in thought as I finished my sandwich. I absentmindedly looked toward the trees, not bothering to listen to them any longer. I didn’t want to hear any more. That’s what I get for listening to others’ thoughts. I knew better. 
I could feel the low vibrations coming from Brad, Steven, and Rick. The sensation was amazing. I closed my eyes and listened to their sounds. Each tone was different, but I could tell whose was whose, and I felt very comforted by it. I heard nothing from Madalyn, and Sandy’s was very, very weak. 
“Bree,” Steven said, breaking my concentration, “ready to go to the gift shop?” 
I looked at my watch. Five-thirty. I looked back outside. “No, not really. You’ll be leaving soon. I think I would like to go back to the room and just relax. I guess I’m more tired than I thought,” I said.
***
Steven closed the door to our room, and I went to the bathroom to brush my teeth and wash my face. He stood in the doorway, and I could see him through the mirror watching me. Worry lines were around his eyes. He wanted to tell me something, I could sense that much, but I was content to wait. I didn’t want to go tiptoeing through his mind to find the answers—I might not like what I heard. 
“So tell me, what can I expect tonight?” I asked as I dried my hands. “Sandy mentioned you could bathe in Yellowstone Lake.”
“What do you want me to tell you?” I heard the tension in his voice. It still lingered from his conversation in the restaurant. His nerves were on edge, and I didn’t want to push to make it any worse.
I made sure I kept any hint of anger or frustration out of my voice as I spoke, which was hard because I was frustrated. I was frustrated at them and at myself. Maybe I was pushing into their lives too quickly. Maybe I needed to slow things down. 
“I want you to tell me what I can expect. Will you be tired when you get back, or will you need to mediate? Will you be hungry? What can I expect, Steven? That’s all I want to know.” 
“We should all be relaxed. We’re all tense right now. People say things when they are stressed, Bree. They don’t mean them.” He was looking for a reaction from me, but I kept my composure. 
A soft tap on the door broke the silence between us, but Steven didn’t move to answer it. I could tell he wanted to continue our conversation, that somehow he needed me to understand things, but the thing was—I did understand. I had a long way to go to prove myself. Apparently, according to Madalyn—fifteen years’ worth. There was another tap on the door. 
“You need to answer that. I’m sure everyone is eager to get going. Please be careful.” I kissed him, smiled, picked up my iPod, and stuck the earbuds in my ears as he turned to leave. When the door closed, I was alone…and I really felt alone. I wrapped my arms around myself and tried to force the fear from my thoughts. I was scared, but I didn’t know why. All I did know was “it” was out there. I didn’t know what “it” was, but “it” was there all the same.
***
“What’s wrong, Steven?” Brad asked as Steven stepped into the hall.
“I think she heard our conversation at dinner. I’m sure her feelings are hurt. I should have known better. She has been experiencing changes and trying new things. I should have known she would have tried that.”
“But how could she get into our minds? We have them locked from her for just such an incident.”
“I don’t know how she knows how to do the things she does, but she does. She can even feel everyone’s contentment. She says we purr.” That brought a smile to his lips.
“We purr. Never heard it put that way, but I guess I can see it. She can feel it?” 
“Yeah, and she can hear it. It fascinates her.” 
“Wow, she’s progressing quicker than I thought she would. Well, I don’t know where Madalyn and Sandy came up with those thoughts. It’s just not like them. I’m sure Madalyn is afraid of things changing between you two, but damn…she can hear it, huh? Amazing.”
“I don’t know where they’re coming up with that stuff either, but let’s not mention this to either of them. I meant what I said. I will take Bree away if Madalyn continues this childish game she’s playing. Madalyn knew the score from the beginning. I’ll not have her treating Bree this way. Shit, I haven’t been able to tell Bree about our situation yet. How do you think she is going to handle it with Madalyn acting like this? I need to explain everything to her before this gets out of hand. I’m terrified she won’t accept how we live, and leave.” 
Brad exhaled slowly. “Steven, give her a little more time to come to terms with everything. We’ll explain the problem you and Madalyn have. We’ll explain everything. I’ll get a handle on Madalyn, or I will send her home. Her actions are a concern, I agree, but I have no idea what got into Sandy. Rick’s not happy with that little speech she gave at dinner, but he wants to handle it.”
“I don’t know what’s going on in our females’ heads. This is getting very complicated and it doesn’t need to be. We have planned for this for too long for Madalyn to go and screw it up.”
“Let’s get this hunt over with and get back. Maybe this will help calm everyone, and then we’ll talk with Bree.”
***
I continued to look out the window and sulk. Madalyn and Sandy are probably content to have the three of them back to themselves.
I stood in front of the window long enough to see if I could see them leave, then it dawned on me that they probably left from one of the other rooms. I was about to turn away when I saw the dark shadow slithering into the trees, and immediately I felt helpless. I hadn’t any way of contacting Steven and I chastised myself for not telling him earlier about the presence. He probably wouldn’t have believed me…and he can’t see it anyway…I hope I’ve given them enough protection. I drew a deep breath and turned from the window as I felt Odessa enter my thoughts.
Are you feeling sorry for yourself? That’s not like you at all. 
Just feeling a little insecure, that’s all. 
You’ve nothing to feel insecure about…everything will work out…you’ll see. 
I shook my head and drew another breath to clear my thoughts. What do you have to teach me? I asked as I slumped into the chair and stared at nothingness. I turned off my music and took the earbuds out of my ears. 
Your mind is growing with knowledge, and your magic is strong. Everything I thought I would need to instruct you on, you have mastered. We can practice if you like or we can talk. I must say, your abilities impress me…do they scare you? 
No, I’m not scared as much as I am confused. What started this? I don’t understand. Two days ago, I was normal. Now I can get into their minds and move objects. Why now? What happened? 
You have changed. You are aware of your path. Your mind’s making up for lost time. Remember, you should have known about this life long ago. Mildred would have prepared you for this realm. Now, you’re learning about it, and your abilities are developing at the same time. It must feel like everything is being rushed, but it’s not. This is about the time your magic abilities would have started. She laughed. So it’s a good thing you know about this now! Could you imagine how you would have felt if that bottle of shampoo had come to your hands and you didn’t know anything about this realm? We both laughed and then she grew serious. You are still human, but your magical side is very powerful. All your thoughts and memories are rushing to the surface of your mind. I can only imagine how confusing it is to you. I fear this will cause your enemies to act sooner, once they learn how quickly you are advancing. You can’t control it, I’m afraid. 
We spoke for a while. She told me there were others like her. That they were there to teach and help the Chosen Ones cross. I was curious, so I asked if she knew what I could expect the closer I got to the, well…in my mind, the end of this journey. But she said she didn’t know because everyone was different. Some had visions, some had pain, and others had absolutely no problems. She tried to help me understand the energy I felt when I was with my clan, and Billy.
Your nectar draws your loves to you, like bees to a flower. She smiled whimsically. Then she laughed a very robust laugh. Enjoy yourself, Bree, good things await you. Trust me on that! Don’t write them off. You have a special bond with each of them…you just haven’t experienced it yet. Close your eyes, and listen to the flute. Let your mind relax and tell me what you see.
I settled back in the chair and closed my eyes. I took a few deep breaths as I listened to the melody, and while my mind floated with the sound, I told her what I saw. 
I’m standing in a clearing. There are rocks littering the ground. 
What does your mind tell you to do?
I need to make a circle with the rocks. I’ve done this before. I was with a chieftain, no, a shaman, I think. Nez Perce.
Then make the circle.
I saw myself gathering the rocks (and there were a lot of rocks), and for whatever reason I had to collect them all. By the time I was done, the circle was huge, and I was very warm. I could feel the perspiration on my forehead. As I stood and examined my sphere, a breeze blew cool against my face. I closed my mind’s eyes and welcomed the relaxing sensation, but it was short-lived as I felt another presence. I opened my mind’s eyes and saw the dark shadow, and then to my surprise I saw another, and another. They were surrounding me.
What does your mind tell you to do? 
I need to be in that circle, I’m protected there. As soon as I entered my area of protection, the dark shadows came closer. I watched them float around my enclosure, but I wasn’t able to make out any bodily form. 
“Fire,” I said, “I need your protection now. Please light the way for me.” Small flames danced on the rocks, and the shadows moved back. 
“The earth is my protector, and I feel its energy. You have no place here. Go back from where you came. You have no hold on me. You can't hurt me,” I informed them.
They continued to test the flames by drawing close, and when the flames rose, they retreated, but they didn’t leave, instead the shadows hissed their warning to me. “Death, we control your death. Your end will come quickly. He needs to be whole.”
“He will not be made whole. You have no place here. Go back from where you came, and walk this land no more.” The shadows left and the music stopped, but I stayed in the circle. The flames slowly died down and I heard the music again and saw a white vapor move toward me. I wasn’t afraid of this vapor, and the words from it floated on soft airy whispers to me, “Remember what you have seen here. You need to remember.” Then it, too, vanished. 
Alarm suddenly registered in my mind. I sat up straight and opened my eyes wide. I got up and moved to the window. 
What is it Aubrey? What do you see? 
“Something has happened.” I closed my eyes and let my mind search through the darkness. “I can’t make anything out clearly. I can’t see in this dark, but I feel the fear. Someone is hurt.”
I can’t see anything. Are you sure?
“Yes,” I turned toward the door. “They’re back, but they won’t come for me. I need to go to them.” I grabbed the room key off the desk on my way out.
Chapter 23


I stood outside Rick and Sandy’s room and knocked, but no one answered. I knocked again and to my surprise, I heard Steven yell at me. 
“Go back to the room. It’s not safe for you now,” he said. His voice was angry, and I didn’t understand why.
I stood there with my hand on the doorknob and slowly turned it, but found it locked. “Steven, let me in, please.”
“I’ll not tell you again to go back to the room,” he demanded. His voice sounded so ugly. I had never felt his anger before…never. “I am serious. I don’t have time for this.” I heard him growl. It was a low, deep rattle. 
I stood there, stunned until the cries of pain filtered through me. It sounded like a wounded animal. I knew I needed to get in there and in my concern to accomplish this—I let my guard down. Madalyn’s thoughts intruded into mine. I saw her cold piercing eyes and the sneer on her lips as she bared her mind’s fangs at me, and because she was able to slip in, she drew control of my thoughts. 
Her mind towered over me, and I saw the animal hidden inside her. One second I was able to make out the eyes of the animal, the next they would be her eyes. Those eyes loomed large in my mind as they flashed with her anger, and she directed it all at me. 
Her hissed words flooded my ears. Her voice was ugly and her hoarse sounds echoed in my mind. I could feel her straining to hold back her rage. Do as I say. Go back to your room. It’s your fault she is injured. It’s your fault Sandy is in pain! Go away and leave us alone, or you will regret this, I promise you that! You have done enough damage. Go away! I don’t want you here messing up my world. Then her image vanished from my mind. 
I was rattled—I couldn’t deny that. I think the only thing that stopped her from doing me harm was the retaliation she would’ve received. However, she was right about one thing—it was my fault. I’d told them they needed to hunt and now Sandy was hurt because of my request. 
I heard the cry again. I couldn’t stand in the hall and do nothing. Sound reasoning told me to run, but something else was pulling me into that room, and that pull was greater than my common sense. I didn’t understand it, and my body struggled with my mind, but I knew one thing…I was going into that room one way or another. I sent my plea to Brad. Please, I can help. 
Not now, Little One, it isn’t safe. A Traditional attacked Sandy. She is not herself. I’m afraid if you come too close, she will attack you. You are much safer in your room.
She has my blood in her. She will not harm me. I need to help her. Please let me in.
I heard Sandy call my name, it was weak, but I heard it. A moment later, the door slowly opened and Steven let me in. He grabbed my arm and I couldn’t hide the shock on my face. His eyes quickly softened into an apologetic gaze, and the pain of his thoughts crept into my mind. Damn it! I should have told her before we came. I should have explained everything. This is all getting out of control. 
Madalyn moved in front of me, drawing my attention to her and her face showed me all the hate she had for me. Her chest heaved as she drew her breaths. Her struggle to stay composed was very apparent, but I couldn’t allow her to lose control. I knew that would be disastrous. 
My mind saw everyone clearly. I watched as her eyes darted to Steven, and then back at me. She didn’t move, but her urge to pounce was growing stronger. I saw Brad tensing as he held Sandy’s shoulders to the bed. Rick stood and I saw my protector flex his shoulders, calculating his moves. Steven was right about one thing…this was getting out of control…and I was not going to allow it to continue. Madalyn was not going to scare me into submission, and I didn’t want Rick to attack her. Sandy needed me. 
I laid my hand on Steven’s hand. “Please let me go. I don’t have time for this.” My eyes showed him my hurt, but my voice remained calm. He took his hand off me, and I shoved past Madalyn. She needed to understand who was in charge, so I was forceful with my push, and she didn’t challenge me as I walked past her. 
Brad still held Sandy down, and she twisted in agony. Her face and body were bloody and dirty, and leaves matted her hair. Her clothes were torn and wet. Pain distorted her face, but her eyes recognized me, and I could tell she knew I could help her. “Please,” she mumbled weakly. 
As I walked toward the bed, Madalyn yelled at me, “You can’t kill her. I’ll not let you hurt her. I promise I will hunt you down if you harm her.” 
“That will be enough, Madalyn. You will hush now!” My anger rose with my emotions. I stared hard at her and my breathing increased. This was not what I wanted and I needed to regain my composure. I needed to maintain control over this situation.
However, her panic sent Rick into a panic. He stepped in front of me, guarding his mate from me. “Please don’t hurt her. Brad can heal her.”
“No, I can’t,” said Brad, the hopelessness registering on his face.
I didn’t say anything to anyone as I tried to step around Rick, but he kept blocking me. I finally had to lay my hand on his arm. “Richard,” I began calmly, “I’m not here to hurt her, I’m here to help her, but you have to move so I can get near her.” He looked back at Sandy, as her hard panting breaths increased, then back at me. “Please, valuable time is being wasted. I promise I will make her better.” Tentatively he stepped aside, and I sat on the edge of the bed and held my arm out for Brad to take more blood. “I need you to take another vial, please…same size as the last three.” My voice was firm and commanding, and I had no idea why. I didn’t even recognize this person that was taking charge. I rolled up my sweatshirt sleeve as much as I could. 
Brad didn’t argue. “That will be fine. I just need to get to the vein.” 
I felt the tension in the room rise to a dangerous level when Sandy moved toward me. I saw Rick flexing his hands. Steven moved closer, ready to pull me out of harm’s way should she attack, but I knew she wasn’t going to pounce. She curled up, laid her head on my lap, and begged for my touch. 
I placed my hand on her forehead, and stroked her hair, and I felt her pain enter my fingers. I shook my hand and threw the pain into nothingness, and as I did that, I heard her soft moan of relief. Immediately, I placed my hand back on her head, and drew more of her pain away and threw it into the air. I spoke the words quietly as they came to my mind. “Your wounds will heal, and your soul will mend as I lay my hand upon your head. Your pain will leave and your health will return, because in you, life still burns. The blood from me, I will give to thee to help strengthen your soul.”
My pendant and the healing stone warmed on my chest as I spoke, giving me strength and comforting me. I held my hand over my chest to feel the warmth and the sensation it gave me soothed my thoughts. I knew I didn’t need to say the little verse I had just used, but I felt stronger saying it. 
Brad was on the other side of Sandy ready for my nod to insert the needle, which I gave. I didn’t feel the needle, but I felt the pressure as Brad drew the blood. 
“All done,” he announced as he drew the needle out and tapped a cotton ball to my arm. Then he handed me the small glass cylinder. 
Sandy kept her head on my lap and her hand had a firm grip on the hem of my sweatshirt. I whispered to her, “I need you to drink this. You will heal more quickly if you do.” She let go of my sweatshirt and wrapped her arm around my waist. I dropped a drop of blood on my finger and touched her lips. “I am familiar to you. I’ll not let anyone hurt you.” She licked the blood off my finger, but would not lessen her grip around my waist. I scooted back just enough so I could lean down and whispered into her ear. “Do you still hurt?” 
“A little,” she mumbled.
I placed another drop on my finger, and she sucked my finger in her mouth. I leaned back down to her. “If you will drink this, I promise you will feel much better.” Then I gently kissed her neck, as I had seen her and Madalyn do when greeting each other. “Please, Sandy.”
She smiled at me when I did that, rolled over, raised herself up on her elbow, and I handed the vial to her. She drank it and then curled closed to me again and placed her head on my lap. I continued to stroke her head and let her rest, and after a few minutes, I asked, “Are you feeling better?”
“Yes…don’t leave.” Her arms tightened around me again.
Rick knelt beside me and I draped my arm over him, stroking the side of his face, running my hand through his hair. That seemed to relax him. He pressed against my side as my other hand continued stroking Sandy’s wet, matted hair. I was comforting them, taking their pain and fright away. Rick rested his head against me and wrapped his arm around my waist to hold Sandy’s arm. 
“I’m not going anywhere.” I looked at the position they had me in and then at Brad, and smiled as I motioned with my head toward my waist. “I don’t think I could move even if I wanted to.” 
He smiled as he looked at the hold Richard and Sandy had around me. “No, you aren’t going anywhere.”
“I think I’m getting better at you taking my blood.” 
He nodded. “I’m sorry I was short with you. How did you know your blood would heal her?”
I shrugged my shoulders. “I just put two and two together. I heal quickly, and everyone wants my blood because of its properties. That’s why I gave it to you all earlier. I had a bad feeling about tonight, and that was the only thing I could think to do to protect you. You were all so hellbent on coming here. You didn’t want a weak human to tell you what to do. I think the little bit of blood I gave her earlier bought her a little more time. What happened exactly?” I continued to stroke Sandy’s hair and Rick’s face. I could feel both of their vibrations again.
Brad recounted the story. “We had just finished our hunt, and went to the lake to clean up. Sandy was making up…” he cleared his throat. “She and Rick were getting a little frisky and we were teasing them. Sandy ran off into the shadows, wanting Rick to follow as he normally does. All we heard was the scream. There were three of them. I don’t think they expected us to react as quickly as we did, but our answer was swift, and we got her back here as soon as we could. I knew there wasn’t anything I could do. Damn, I hate that feeling of helplessness.” 
I looked down at Sandy and stroked her head. “Are you feeling better?” I asked.
“Yes,” she said quietly.
“Would you like to sit up?” 
“Not yet.”
“Okay, would you like Rick to sit here?” I asked, starting to feel a little awkward.
“Not yet?” she whispered.
“Okay.” I continued to stroke her hair. “Your wounds are healing and I don’t think there will be any scarring. I’m kind of an authority on that, you know. You want to talk?”
She was quiet for a moment and then in a whisper, she said, “My life almost came to an end. If you hadn’t been here, it would have ended!” she cried and her grip tightened around my waist.
“Okay, you can look at it that way or…” I thought this a good time to teach them about changes in paths. “If I wasn’t here, if I hadn’t come back into your lives, you wouldn’t have been here tonight. You wouldn’t have been attacked…” She let go of my waist and quickly tried to pull away from me, but Rick still held her arm. 
“Don’t ever think that. I’m so sorry I thought all of that earlier at dinner. I was so wrong and weak. Please, forgive me. I’m glad you’re in our lives. I’m glad you’re my sister. Our path has been corrected! I can’t imagine our clan without you. You and Steven,” I watched her eyes glance at him. “He belongs to you and you him. That’s all there is to it. You belong here and you belong to us, and I’ll not allow anyone to hurt you.” 
She broke down in a sob and finally was able to shake off Rick’s hold. She wrapped her arms around me, pulling me tight to her. She softly kissed my neck, which took me by complete surprise, but my surprise wore off quickly and I hugged her back and let her cry. It was all I could think to do…I guess she taught me something, too.
“It’s okay, everyone was tense. I’ve been told people say things they don’t mean when they are under stress.” I smiled. Yes, I had heard it from Steven, but that was not enough to excuse his and Madalyn’s actions this evening. “Rick really needs to hold you right now, and I need to talk to Steven. You’re going to be all right. We’ll all see to that.”
“How did you know I was hurt?” she asked.
“I didn’t know it was you. I felt Steven, Rick, and Brad’s feelings. I knew someone was hurt, I just didn’t know who it was. I felt everyone return, and when I left my room, I knew to come here.” I unwound her arms from my neck, and she placed my hand on her chest. I could feel the vibration, and it made me smile. She had accepted me as a friend and I was happy with that. I still heard nothing from Madalyn. 
I moved from her side so Richard could take my place, but he had another idea. He picked me up and hugged me, burying his head in the crook of my neck, and I could feel his tears against my skin. Then he set me down and kissed me.
“Thank you,” he whispered. I placed my hand on his chest, felt the strong tone of his purr, and smiled. I kissed his cheek and leaned away, but he took my face in his hands. “You’re part of this family, understand?” Then he kissed me again. I nodded and went to stand by Steven. 
“I assume we have some talking to do,” Steven whispered in my ear.
I looked at him for a long minute. “Yes. You have no idea how much talking we will be doing.” I turned back to Rick and Sandy. “Rick, I think you need to take Sandy back. Maybe two or three hours of meditation should bring both of you back to normal. We’ll pack your things and bring them back. Brad, are you and Madalyn okay?” 
Brad had worn a concerned look on his face since I’d entered the room, but now he was smiling. I looked at him and tried to read his expression. He glanced at Steven, then back at me, and I could sense his excitement. I could only guess it had to do with Sandy’s healing; a member of the clan was out of harm’s way.
Steven gave him a slight nod, and then he took my hand and kissed it. I couldn’t tell if he was happy or relieved, but I didn’t pull my hand away. I wasn’t as mad at him as I was hurt, but I knew I wouldn’t stay that way for long. He would tell me why Madalyn was angry with me, and he would explain why he growled at me.
Brad thought into my mind, We need to talk, Little One. With all the drama, I had let my guard down again. That was a mistake, and one I would correct. I should have listened to what he had thought to Steven, because I hadn’t any idea what was going on. I know you heard me, he smiled and I couldn’t help but smile back. 
Madalyn stood next to Brad. She tried to take his hand, but he crossed his arms instead and gave her an angry look. She looked down at the floor for a long moment, and then slowly raised her head to looked at me. “I need to apologize to you, as well,” she said as she started toward me. “I thought some awful things earlier, and they were unwarranted. You and Steven belong together, and I was…wrong. I have no idea why I thought you would hurt Sandy. Would you please forgive me?” She looked at Brad and Steven, before she hugged me. She was a little unsure of how I would react. Well dang, I was unsure how I would react, but then all of her words registered in my mind and I was beginning to understand what was happening. 
Madalyn had dropped enough hints. Her actions tonight and her words outside this door finally made sense to me—she and Steven had a special bond. 
I glanced at Brad. He was watching my reaction, and I tried not to give him one, but I was certain I failed miserably. The numbness had set in. Everything was in slow motion again as I patted her back. “Don’t give it another thought.” 
Brad came up to me and hugged me, and then looked at Steven. “I think Madalyn and I can clean up here. I think you two need to talk. I’ll leave it to you to explain. Go back to your room and we’ll see you back in Vegas. Maybe we can meet for a late drink.” He looked for my approval. I remained uncommitted, but he kissed my forehead. “We’ll see you soon, right Bree?”
“Yeah, soon,” I gave him a weak smile and left the room.
Chapter 24


The quiet in our room was deafening. Steven stood by the door as I laid the suitcase on the bed. I looked at him before I did anything else, and when I saw the sadness in his eyes, I looked away. 
“I don’t know what to say. ‘I’m sorry’ doesn’t seem to be enough. I love you and I worry about you. It’s hard for me not to protect you, but you don’t seem to need my protection…not anymore, and I’m finding that hard to deal with. That’s why I grabbed your arm. I didn’t know what Sandy’s intentions were, but you seemed to know. You’re changing, and I want more time with you like this.”
I started packing and didn’t say anything. I unzipped the suitcase and thought about the toiletries I had in the bathroom. One by one, they started floating into the bedroom, past Steven, and each waited until I reached to take it from the air and pack it away. 
“Impressive,” he said at the parade of soap, lotions, and shampoo. He gave a sigh, "When did this start?”
“This morning, when I was taking a shower. The shampoo was by the sink, and as soon as I thought about it, the bottle came to my hand. I was going to put on a demonstration for you when you got back.” I looked at him and the shampoo bottle waited an appropriate amount of time, before it started bouncing up and down in the air. I smiled and packed it away and zipped the suitcase closed. I sat on the edge of the bed, looking around the room, waiting on him to continue with his explanation. 
He remained quiet, and that quiet hung between us, and it bothered me. Someone needed to speak, so I began.
 “It’s not that I don’t need you to protect me—I do—but there are going to be times when I need you to trust me. I wish I could explain how I know what I know.” My eyes watered and I blinked to stop them. “We’re going to be together a long time. You really need to believe me…you need to believe in me.” 
I got up and walked over to him. He had his arms folded across his chest and wouldn’t meet my eyes with his. I stood as close to him as I could without touching him. “I promise you, I’ll not put myself in harm’s way if I know I can’t handle a situation. I promise I will listen to you. But when it comes to my family, our family, sometimes I might know best, and you and our families are going to have to accept that.”
He dropped his arms to his sides. I placed my hand on his chest. The vibration was there, but not as strong as before. I moved in closer. “What’s wrong?”
“There is so much you need to learn. Our ways are not yours, and I fear you will reject them. You will be treated differently after tonight in our family.” He stood still and I left my hand on his chest. The soft, deep, soothing tone he had for me slowed, and that worried me. Was he not content with me anymore? Did he want Madalyn more than me? What had changed between us in the short time since this morning to cause this?
“Teach me then. Tell me what to expect. I’m not going anywhere, you and I will bond, and nothing will change that. You do want to bond with me, don’t you?” My voice was starting to rise. “Do you not want me to be your mate? Have I changed that much? Steven, damn it! Please, look at me. Do you prefer Madalyn over me?” I hadn’t meant for my insecurity to come out like that, but it did and I couldn’t suck the words back in.
His eyes widened in surprise, my heart raced for fear he didn’t want me now the way I wanted him. “No, Bree! No, I don’t want Madalyn over you. God, put that thought out of your mind. I am yours now. I want you for my mate. I would marry you right this second. However, before you accept that, you need to understand everything you are getting yourself into now. Our ways will seem strange to you, but this is how our kind has lived for hundreds of thousands of years. It’s a deep instinct in us that no amount of changes in our lives can stop.” He wrapped his arms around me and pulled me into his chest. “I love you so much.”
“Talk to me then, teach me. You said the others would treat me differently after tonight. Will they not want me around anymore? I don’t want to leave you again. Please tell me.” As my head rested on his chest, I noticed the vibration was nearly gone now. If he wanted me, why then was his tone for me fading? Questions were spilling from my lips and I just wanted his reassurance.
“We should have told you this last night, but Brad felt you should hear this from me and in private. He wants you to be comfortable to…express yourself.” Steven laughed, but I didn’t. “You need to hear everything and I’ll give you plenty of opportunity to ask questions, understand?” I nodded. 
He walked with me to the chair, sat down, and pulled me onto his lap. He held my hand in his, entwined our fingers, and rubbed the back of my hand with his thumb. “With your actions this evening, you have become the co-leader in our clan. Clans are a family and our family has lacked the female version of a leader, someone to step in when the male counterpart is absent. In your case, you took charge even with Brad present, and he allowed it. He was comfortable with your decisions. By all rights, Madalyn should have been a leader with Brad, but she’s more of a follower. She couldn’t step in if he wasn’t around…but you could. Brad has led us all these years without the help of a female counterpart. Someone he could confide in, work things through with…and as a clan, we’ve lacked the guidance of a female leader. You don’t understand how much a clan relies on the female leader. Just as human families rely on the mother of the family, we rely on her. I know that may sound a bit odd to you. I mean, Rick and I are self-sufficient on our own, but we live and work as a family, and now, you have stepped into that role. Whether you wanted it or not, it is you who will attend the summits with Brad when we go to the Gatherings.” He shifted a little, and I sensed something else was coming.
“I don’t see the problem. Okay, so now I have leadership responsibilities. What’s the big deal?”
“You and Brad share more than leadership roles. You have a bond with him.” His eyes searched mine looking for recognition to his words. I could feel his hand tighten just a fraction around mine.
“Bond? What kind of bond?” Miniature butterflies started their dance deep inside me.
Steven cleared his throat. “You are Brad’s leader…mate. You share a…you two are…will…damn, why can’t this be simple? You will be as close to Brad as you are with me. You and Brad share an intimate bond. You will attend the summits with him as his mate.” The words rushed out of his mouth so quickly they took me by complete surprise. The shocked look on my face must have scared him. “You will still be my mate.” That didn’t help my shock. “Say something,” he begged.
“No!”
“No…you don’t want to say anything?”
“No, I don’t want to be Brad’s mate, Steven. I want to be yours. Brad is married to Madalyn, and I’ll not do anything to come between them. She hates me enough as it is. I can only imagine what that would do!”
He cleared his throat again. “Madalyn…has other issues. That’s something else I need to explain to you.” He released my hands and wrapped his arms around my waist, and I knew that I wasn’t going to like what was coming. “Bree…Princess,” he smiled reassuringly, “Madalyn and I share a bond, too.” He strengthened his hold around me.
I froze. “Why?” That was the only word I could push through my clenched teeth.
He looked away and I saw his jaw muscles tighten. I watched his Adam’s apple move as he swallowed. He looked back at me and his eyes begged me to understand. “Because I turned her. Remember, Brad wasn’t there. Rick and I were supposed to meet him at the hospital he and Madalyn worked at. He wanted to talk with us about something. Brad was late coming in, and Madalyn was already there. She’d been hit by a truck…I was there…Brad and Rick weren’t. I never really cared all that much for her, but Brad was happy with her. She told me they had been talking about getting married. I figured that was what he’d wanted to talk with us about, and there she was…dying.” He released his hold on me and washed his hand over his face. “What was I supposed to do, let her die?” he asked, and I shook my head. “So, when the attending nurse left the room I…turned her. She was the first person I had bitten since I became…a Non-Com. I moved her out of the exam room, wheeled her down to the morgue, and stayed with her until Brad and Rick got there. Brad drained one of the fresher corpses and we fed that to her…” 
I made a face as he told me this. 
“Sorry, but she had to be fed. Anyway, we took her away. We had to keep her away from humans until she calmed. We lived in the mountains up in Canada at the time, slowly reintroducing her around humans, until we were sure she’d be okay. It took the bond about two years to develop. Normally it happens immediately, but she and I weren’t close when she was human, so Brad thought that probably had something to do with it.” He looked away from me. “I…generally, it only happens to me twice a year…on the spring and fall equinoxes. Those are the only times my body burns for her.” He stopped talking and looked at me. 
My eyes were wide with all the knowledge he had just imparted. I kept them wide so the moisture that had built would not overflow the rims of my eyes if I blinked. 
“Our body’s burn, Princess. My heart does not. Madalyn is not someone I care deeply for. Brad knows that.” He looked away from me and closed his eyes, and I sensed more was coming. “None of this is simple now.”
“Why?” I managed to say.
“You weren’t supposed to be a leader in our clan, for starters.”
“Didn’t the prophecy say I would play a major part in your clan?” I reminded him.
“Yes, but we all thought that had to do with my House, not our clan.”
“Why can’t Brad confide in Madalyn? Just because she isn’t a strong leader doesn’t mean she can’t listen, make suggestions—things a spouse would do for her husband.” My voice was a little on edge as I was searching for a solution to the problem, but even if I found a solution to my problem, the realization had finally sunk in that Steven and Madalyn would still have their time together.
 “When it comes to hard decisions, sometimes even life and death decisions, Madalyn would be more of a hindrance than a help,” he said dryly. “We all go to the clan Gatherings, but Madalyn never attends any of the summits. She knows she’s not a leader, and she never wanted that role. Even when she was human, she did exactly what Brad told her to do, no argument. You, on the other hand, push. You’ve always argued your points with Brad, and hell, even with me. You even argue with Rick and Bill. You make yourself heard. You need that kind of strength in these summits.”
“Okay, maybe I’m a little thickheaded here. I will attend as co-leader of our clan. I don’t understand why we have to be…you know…close.” 
“Leaders in families such as ours are usually mates. They need to be close to each other. You will understand it better as you and Brad spend more time together. Your bond needs to be tight and by being intimate, being comfortable with each other will strengthen that bond.”
I started laughing. “That is the dumbest thing I have ever heard. You don’t think Brad and I aren't close already? I’m so connected to this group it isn’t even funny. Brad and I can be close, ‘intimate’ as you put it, without being, well, intimate. I don’t have to go to bed with someone to know or like them. I respect Brad and I know we can work this part out. Stop worrying about that.”
“Bree,” he said a little firmer. “I’m not worried about it because it’s final. You are Brad’s leader-mate, and you two share an intimate bond. Madalyn and I share an intimate bond. End of discussion.”
“End of discussion? Excuse me? This discussion is far from over.” I got off his lap and started pacing. My heart rate increased, those butterflies were now large dragonflies, and they were all over the place in my stomach. “I don’t think so, not going to happen, nope! I like Brad and everything, just not in that manner. Tell me how you expect me to do this.” I was getting madder as my pacing increased. “Tell me how you can accept this. Tell me how you could allow another man to take me to his bed and screw me as you do. Can you tell me that, Steven? What about what you said earlier, huh, what about that?”
He looked at me confused, “What are you talking about?”
“Earlier this morning, you said I belonged to you and only you. Now you’re telling me I’m Brad’s mate as well. Damn it, this can’t be happening. I do not understand this, Steven.” I started chewing on my fingernails.
He got up from the chair and took my hands in his. “Okay, calm yourself and let me finish explaining the way our kind lives so you do understand. We don’t view sex the same as humans.”
I didn’t think it possible for my eyes to get any wider than they already were, but they did. “Oh really! Well, that’s just peachy! I view what we have as special, Steven. I’m sorry to hear you don’t!”
“Aubrey Marie, I didn’t mean it like that. Now stop it and listen to me!” He wrapped his arms around me and continued talking softly to me. “Princess, what you and I share, none can replace. I have never felt that with anyone else. We share an eternal love that is so strong, so deep, so warm, and so very special. It’s so much more than sex, and I meant what I said. You are mine. You and I belong together, and nobody will ever separate us. When I said we don’t view sex the same as humans, I meant…well, shit—I meant just that. Magicals care deeply for one another, and we have a very intense need to show others how much we care for them. We love each member of our clan, and there are times we need to show them just how deeply we care. Would you not agree that is a very special way to show someone how much we care for them?”
“Yes, Steven, I would. That’s why we reserve it for the one,” I held up one finger, “we love so very much.”
“Well, that’s a little selfish, don’t you think?”
My eyes widened yet again. “No! I don’t think it’s selfish! It’s all I have to give to you to show you how special you are to me. I share that intimate act with only you—no one else! But now…you’re telling me you have not only been intimate with Madalyn, but Sandy too! And…” The wheels in my mind were turning so fast, my eyes grew large with realization, and the thoughts I had scared me. I pushed against him, but he held me tight. “Oh, no, no, no! Are you telling me I have to…with…Rick as well?”
“You care for Rick, don’t you?”
“Yes…” 
He interrupted me before I could complete my thought. “Then why can’t you show him?”
“I care for Rick, but I don’t want to sleep with him! For that matter, I don’t want to sleep with Brad! I’ll give them a greeting card pouring out my love for them!”
I felt the chuckle he tried to hide. “Princess, I’m afraid that will not suffice with Rick. For that matter, Brad will not stand for it either.” Then he started laughing. “But I would like to see you try that.” 
I wasn’t laughing, and my eyes were wide with my panic. When he looked at me, I saw some sort of recognition in his eyes.
“Oh, shit, I get it now. I’m sorry I didn’t see this before. It’s hard for you right now, because you are still human, and you view this as having an affair. You’re not having an affair in our eyes. Everything is above board. No one does anything behind anyone’s back. We even ask permission of their mates, and we are discrete about all of this. You will never see any of us fawning over another’s mate in their presence.”
He started swaying with me and kissed the top of my head. “I didn’t explain this very well. Let me try again, and I want you to listen. You and I will always be together, make no mistake about that. Let’s start with the leaders. Generally, the leaders are mates. If you were Brad’s mate, I could not ask Brad to allow me to spend time with you. That’s your call.” He smiled, “I serve at your discretion, but you’re not his mate—you’re mine. However, you are still a leader, so by all rights, Rick, or any other male member of our family, except me, can’t ask to spend time with you. You have to initiate it. Now, Brad on the other hand is a leader, and he does not need to seek my permission to be with you, but…you do have a say whether you want to allow him his…pleasures. He pretty much needs your blessing. He just can’t demand to be with you when he wants to…see that’s the dominance you have over him, you being the female…” He searched for his word and I offered the word “alpha” and he smiled, “our Alpha…Alpha female…how’s that?”
I nodded.
“Okay we’ll go with that. You, being the Alpha female, will dominate Brad in that respect. You dominate all of us, well, except me. Okay, the leaders are out of the way. Now, let's take Rick as an example. You will find, the more you are around him, your heart will pull you toward him. Sometimes, I too find my heart pulling toward Sandy. It doesn’t diminish what we have, if anything it strengths us. It strengthens our family bond. We are so close to one another it’s natural for us. Now we only do this within the clan. If one of us should stray outside of the clan, that is not accepted, and it wouldn’t bode well for the member that did.”
“But you dated.”
“Yes, because I didn’t have a mate. We still date to try to find that special person. We aren’t total barbarians, and besides I was trying to keep your enemies’ attention off of you.”
“So then what would you do if a mate strayed? Divorce them?” I said sarcastically.
“No, we would need to kill them,” he said firmly. “When we are as close as we are, when we are intimate with one another, we form a link, and we can’t have an ex-member out there who is able to get into our thoughts. It’s drastic, I’ll agree, but the safety of the clan trumps all. I love you and I am willing to leave this clan and only be with you. I am willing to take you away, and give you your ‘one mate’ for all of eternity.”
“Wouldn’t they need to kill you?” I still had a touch of sarcasm in my voice.
He chuckled. “Because of who you are, they are willing to make an exception. However, I would still have my problem with Madalyn. We don’t know what would happen to either of us if we separated. No one can answer that question and we have researched it and researched it. We had hoped that you would accept our ways, and this would just be a small…inconvenience. You would be with Brad during those times I’m with Madalyn. I don’t want you alone, because I know how your mind works. I don’t want those little insecurities creeping in when I’m not there.” He laughed, “Rick thinks he understands you more than anyone, and I will agree he reads you very well, but…I know you.” He tipped my chin up to look into my eyes, his mouth enveloped mine, and I melted in his arms. 
It was quiet in our room while he calmed my fears and when he felt I had been sufficiently reassured, he pulled back from our embrace and asked, “Are you ready to go back, or do you have more questions?”
I shook my head. “I want to go home. I want to go back to Texas and figure all of this out.”
He straightened in his stance, his arms fell to his sides, and I saw the worry in his eyes and heard it in his voice when he asked, “Do you want to go home without me?”
I closed my eyes and laughed and when I opened them, I saw the hurt on his face. “No, I want you with me…I just need time to absorb this. I need time with just you—no one else.”
He pressed his lips together. 
“What?” I asked. “What more do you have to tell me?”
“We can’t go to Texas just yet. We have to stay at the reunion.”
“Why? I thought Gran brought me so I would meet you guys and I would remember. I’ve done that. Why can’t we go home?”
“That was the plan, but you have many supporters there that hope to see you, and the Council has demanded to see you on Friday, and your enemies also know you are there and you and I are together again. You need to be there.”
“Okay, so we’ll go home and come back on Friday.” I saw the look on his face and knew my logical thought was wrong. “What?” I said with a tad bit of frustration.
He exhaled heavily. “If you aren’t seen out and about—there, in Vegas, those that…oppose you—well, innocents will suffer…and the fingers will point to you. That will make it even harder for you on Friday.”
I blinked. “Just because I’m not there, they would actually hurt someone? That’s ludicrous.” I shook my head and crossed my arms. “Then if I’m supposed to be there…why did you bring me here?”
He ran his hand through his hair and snickered. “I wanted to spend the day with you. Everyone would have seen Brad and the others and they would have known we were still there. But you had to go all mystic on us and tell us we needed to hunt…”
“Oh, don’t you start,” I said pointing my finger at him.
He laughed in submission to my scold, and his laugh caused me to crack a smile. He took my hand, raised my pointed finger to his lips, and gently kissed it. “Okay,” he hushed. “I won’t.”
I curled my fingers around his hand and pleaded, “I want to go home, Steven.”
He wrapped me in his arms, and drew a deep breath, then slowly exhaled. “We will. I promise we will, but we have things to do back in Vegas. Brad needs to talk with you, and Rick and Sandy want to see you…and oh, I almost forgot. We also have two new members we need to introduce you to. They’re still a little wild. We’re working with them, but they can’t greet you. They’ve tasted a lot of human flesh, so we want to ensure they have totally calmed.” 
He stood there swaying with me, and I was quiet a little longer than he liked. “Ask your questions, Princess.”
“What makes you think I have questions?” I mumbled.
He leaned back, I looked up at him, and with a sexy grin he said, “I don’t have to read your mind to know that when you get quiet, you’re thinking. Ask your questions.”
I scrunched my lips together. My thoughts were in a tussle of whether or not I wanted to know the answers to everything whirling around in my head. I closed my eyes in resignation to the fact this was what it was. I would have to accept it or leave and I didn’t want to leave, but I didn’t know if I could accept this so willingly. I tucked my arms in front of me, rested my hands on his chest, and played with a button on his shirt. I inhaled a deep breath and let it out slowly before I glanced up at him again and asked, “What happens at the Gatherings?” 
He smoothed the hair from my face and I sensed his relief that we were finally talking about this. “Clans gather on the spring and fall equinoxes. You will go to these summits with Brad as his mate and extend an invitation to those we select for a chance to join our clan, and there are other functions that you two will attend as well. The rest of us will be there, but we won’t be around you very often. We have other duties while we’re there, and we socialize with other clans…”
I froze and he felt it.
“Aubrey, I explained that. We will socialize, that’s all. These are the only times during the year we socialize with others—well, except when we come to the reunion. Now the Gatherings are important because this is how clans grow in numbers. If you are one of the homeless and are ready to join a family, you can select a family and present your name.”
My brow creased. “Homeless?”
“Yeah. Those without families, those not in a clan. Anyway, all clans are registered and if they are open for submissions, you can…put your name in the hat, so-to-speak. In January, we’ll receive a listing of individuals that would like to join our clan. Then between January and the Spring Gathering, we—meaning, Rick, Sandy, Madalyn, and me—will decide who we want you and Brad to extend an invitation to try out for our clan. If they accept the invitation, then from that time until the Fall Gathering we vet them. We make sure they are right for us. They can change their minds at any time up to the Fall Gathering. We, on the other hand, can’t change our minds until that time. Once we extend the offer for them to join us and if they accept, then we participate in what’s called the “Ceremony of Acceptance,” during which time they pledge their loyalties and all that stuff. After each Gathering ends, our clan goes on a hunt to celebrate, and that’s when Madalyn and I take care of our little problem.”
“If you were with Madalyn during the year, would that help your ‘problem?’”
He moved from our embrace and sat on the side of the bed, taking my hand in his and sighed. “I don’t…choose to be with her all that often, Princess. I told you I don’t feel that deeply for her. If she wasn’t in our clan, if she wasn’t mated to Brad, I wouldn’t…choose her as someone I wanted to be with. It happens, that’s why the vetting process is as stringent as it is.” He squeezed my hand. “Sweetheart, we’ll work through this, I promise. Now, let’s go back to Vegas and get this week over with.” He stood and lifted the bag off the bed, and collected the camera bag and our cloaks. 
I wrapped my arms around myself, walked to the window, and watched the rain drizzle down the pane. I saw my sad reflection in the window and I saw Steven behind me. 
I understood the dream I’d had, the story the wind had told me. Their ways are not yours, but his love is strong. Others will love you too. You will always be of the one, but you must take the others too. I didn’t want Steven to see my tears, or the hurt I felt.
“Please, don’t turn away from me. I can’t change any of this. I know it’s hard for you to understand, but you have to,” he pleaded.
I shook my head, wiped my tears and turned back to look at him. I wasn’t mad anymore. I realized if I wanted to stay with him, I would have to share him with others. I had to accept this way of life or leave. I wasn’t sure which I was going to pick. This was testing my belief system and my values…my family values, and I didn’t know if I would pass or fail.
“You need to stop looking at this in human terms,” he said.
All my bottled up emotions bubbled to the surface and I knew at that moment Brad was a wise man to have had Steven tell me in private, because he was going to get my reaction. “I am human, Steven. How else am I supposed to look at it? I’m not a polygamist or a swinger. I’m an only child, and I don’t share well at all…and I’m very jealous. Can you not see this from my side?” I pleaded. “I am trying to deal with all of this as a human, because that’s what I still am. I haven’t lived your life.” 
“This was the hardest thing I had to tell you.” 
He tried to judge my temperament from my body language, but my human side was at a loss to him. They had lived so long this way, they had forgotten what it was like being human. 
My hand was rubbing my forehead and panic was filling my stomach. What next? What would be asked of me next? 
I was venturing into a very strange realm. None of this happened in the movies. Vampires were supposed to bite you, drink your blood, and leave you spent. Now I had clan issues to deal with, and Traditionals who wanted me dead. I needed to transform into a powerful sorceress, and if I lived through that, then I would sit on the Council so I could help lead my “kind,” for lack of a better word…and now, I find out they accept intimacy with one another as a way of showing how much they care. 
I hadn’t intended meeting anyone when I came here, now…in a matter of days…I’m a swinger. This just can’t be happening. This is just a damn soap opera.
He placed his hands on my shoulders and turned me to him. A tear escaped and trickled down my cheek, and he brushed it away. He touched my chin and gently coaxed me to look at him. Our eyes met and then he leaned down and kissed me. It was a very loving kiss and I relaxed in his arms. His deep tone for me softly sounded, and as our kiss ended, I rested my hand on his chest, deciding this was too much to deal with right now. I’d let the future take care of itself. Why was I the only one that had to change, that had to accept? Why couldn’t they make some changes? Maybe I would be able to bring my values, and mix them with their ways. Maybe I could change some of this to make it more comfortable for me. 
Chapter 25


Once we had arrived back in Vegas, I could sense that the hunt had diminished Steven’s lust to kill, but I could still feel his worry from our recent conversation. Lightly, I brushed his neck with the back of my hand. “You need to order your drink.”
“Okay,” he smiled. “Tell me, oh clairvoyant one, do I need one or two?”
I leaned against the counter. “You, Brad, and Madalyn need one and Sandy and Rick will need two. I would like one bottle of wine for myself, if you don’t mind,” I looked at him and gave him a weak smile, “and you, sir, need to get out of those dirty clothes. I forgot all about those. I’ll let Brad and Madalyn know we’re back and order room service. You aren’t to bother Sandy and Rick. They still need another hour or so of meditation.”
He went to shower and change clothes, and I took this opportunity to talk with Odessa. 
Odessa, did you know about this? I waited for her answer, but heard nothing. Odessa, I know you’re here somewhere. Please, I need to talk to you. 
Yes, Bree, I was aware of what was happening.
And you knew about…the way they live…I shook my head after I’d asked the question. Stupid question, huh? 
I knew, but I couldn’t tell you because you may have changed the course. If you’d known this prior, would you have helped Sandy? 
Good question, but I smiled. I would, yes, I would have.
This needs to happen. I know it is not your way, but it is your realm’s way, and it is your destiny. 
How is this my destiny? I questioned.
You must live this life if you want others to follow you. They will listen because they know you live as they do. You will be challenged many times as you travel down this path. Many things will be strange to you. For you to develop, you must experience them. Some will be pleasant and some will not be as pleasant. This, at the very least, should be a pleasant experience for you. I felt her smile.
Others have led…they didn’t have to live through all of this. 
You personally know they didn’t live through their pain? You know they never had challenges to overcome? They may not have had the same problems you are now facing, but they had their own demons to fight. 
I bit my bottom lip as I tried to sort through the mess in my brain, but my thoughts centered on one thing…Steven. Now that I had my memories back, I could not imagine my life without him, and I couldn’t deny the fact that I was afraid of losing him over this. If I left this life, he would go with me, and uncertainty as to what would happen to him would always loom over us. If I stay, I have to accept, and I have to share…but if I knew we would be together no matter what choice I made, I could put that worry out of my mind and let fate weld its hand. Will Steven and I always be together?
Why do you worry? His love for you is as strong as yours is for him. You will always be one. This can never change, she assured me.
My thoughts turned to Brad and Madalyn. Brad, we’re back. 
I know. As soon as Maddie is finished changing, we’ll be up. Are you all right? His thoughts were tight and I could sense his worry.
Yes…no…I don’t know. Just a little stunned I guess. No, make that a lot. I need to shower and change as well. We’ll see you soon. Leave Rick and Sandy alone, they still need their rest.
By the time I had ordered room service, Steven had finished showering. I watched him as he came out of the bathroom in his boxers, still drying off his chest. I stood in the doorway and stared numbly at him for a short while, trying to understand how all of this was spiraling out of control. I wanted him all to myself. Yes, I was selfish…I didn’t want to share. I realized now that he’d never really been ‘all mine.’ I’d been sharing him all along, and that brought tears to my eyes. I quickly went to take my shower.
***
Brad, Madalyn, and room service arrived by the time I was done with my shower. I stood in the doorway of the bedroom watching them. Steven was pouring everyone a drink. He sensed me, and I could tell he sensed the panic in me. I felt his fear, his worry that everything was slipping out of his control, too.
He handed Madalyn her glass. “Her orders,” he said as he motioned toward me. 
Madalyn smiled, and ignoring his offer of the drink, came to greet me. She hugged me this time, but I felt her resentment and knew her smile was forced. 
Bree, Odessa whispered in my mind, close your mind to the others for a while. You need to rest.
Geez, Odessa. Ya think?
Brad came up to me next and stood in front of me, blocking my view of Steven. Maybe he thought my not being able to see Steven would help the situation. That maybe it would help me accept my role in the clan—my role with him. “We need to talk.” 
He took my hand in his and I saw the tiny sparks spray from his touch. My heart fluttered…that caught me totally off guard, and my worries grew.
“Have you had your drink yet?” I asked. My lips trembled slightly, and I swallowed back the tears.
“Not yet,” he answered with a sweet smile. I’m sure he felt my nervousness and saw the apprehension on my face…he’d have to have been blind to miss it.
“Then drink your drink, and please let me have mine. I think I’m going to need it. Maybe even something stronger than the wine I had sent up.” 
He smiled again, moved aside, and motioned with his hand for me to proceed toward the dining room. 
Steven handed me a glass of wine and I felt his neck, then his chest. The familiar vibration was strong again. He leaned in and kissed me. I love you. Know this. There is no one I want more than you. “Madalyn and I are going to meet our newest members. We’ll see you downstairs.” 
The alarm registered on my face that he was leaving me alone with Brad, but before I could say anything, he vanished.
Now what? Awkwardly, I turned and smiled at Brad, and suddenly felt very shy. 
“Care for more wine?” he asked.
“No, I ah…haven’t even touched this yet. Give me a minute, won’t you?”
“Take your time. I know this is a lot for you to grasp all at once. We’ll take it slow.” He finished his drink, then poured himself a glass of wine, picked up the bottle, took me by the hand, and led me to the sofa. He sat there for a few minutes, then got up to sit in the chair facing me. “Well, you never cease to amaze me,” he said, smiling.
“I’m so happy you see the humor.” My retort did not upset him.
“Drink your wine, my dear. We have a lot to discuss.” 
From where I was sitting I could feel the pulse of his contentment, and had to press my hand to my chest to stem the emotions it stirred in me. He quieted his tone, just a fraction, I immediately looked at him, and he grinned mischievously. “Ah, Steven told you.” He raised his eyebrows in response to my statement.
“Our world is strange to you.”
“Yes, Bradley, it is.”
“Bradley? Am I in trouble?” He asked with a grin, then took a drink of his wine. He crossed his legs and sat back in a relaxed manner. I could tell he was expecting an answer from me, and was perfectly content to wait…and so was I. As far as I was concerned, we were all in trouble.
The clock on the desk was the only sound in the room. I’d only finished half of my wine when he got up and came and sat beside me again, and poured more wine into my glass. With his arm on the back of the sofa, he played with my hair, smiled at me, then went back to sit in his chair. I could feel his strong energy inside me, and that made the hairs on my arms rise.
“Bradley,” I began. He smiled triumphantly when I spoke, relishing in the fact that he’d won the silent contest, no doubt. "You are not in trouble. I fear we are all in trouble—you, Steven, Madalyn, and me. Nothing good can come of this…it just won’t work.”
“It has worked for years. What makes you think it won’t continue to work?”
“It has worked because you are all vampires, you’re of this realm, you accept these facts. But now you have the human element…me. That was something you hadn’t counted on.”
He took a drink of his wine. The quiet returned for a short while, then he said, “No…I hadn’t counted on you becoming my partner. I have searched for one, and all the while you were right under our noses. Madalyn isn’t a strong leader and she knows this. Even as a child, you were independent, stubborn.” He laughed. “Or maybe I had counted on it. Did that thought ever occur to you?” 
I looked at him and offered an impish grin. “No,” I whispered, “you had not counted on this.”
“You won’t be human that much longer. That should make it easier.”
I laughed softly. “The human side of me runs deep. It will always be difficult. I have to retain my human emotions to be able to do what I’m expected to do. My path is far more complex than you realize. Even more than my family realizes.” I patted the cushion next to me, “Please, come sit by me. Distance will not change things now.” His eyes registered my comment and he slowly got up and sat stiffly next to me. I waited until he felt comfortable enough to place his arm behind me again. As his fingers played with my hair, the tension in my shoulders lessened considerably.
He drew a deep breath and picked up my hand. “Take us into your confidence. I don’t think you are meant to walk this path alone. All of this has happened for a reason. We love you too much to let you do this by yourself.”
I settled into a calm, relaxed state, and memories of a past I didn’t even know I had lived took control of my emotions. I was seeing him through experienced eyes, and my mind took control of my thoughts. I took another drink of my wine. “There is a part of this path none of you can help me with. It must be done by me alone.”
“You know this how?” he asked.
“When I woke this morning, after Steven and I loved last night, memories flooded my mind. Things even you don’t know, things my family doesn’t know. Some are still hazy—I don’t know what they mean or when I will need them, but they are there now. I’m confident when I need the knowledge, it will come. It was a dangerous path when I had only Steven to consider. His love for me will most certainly get in the way. Now, I have our love to consider.” I looked at him. “It burns, doesn’t it? The desire in you burns. Your want is strong—not as strong as Steven’s—but strong. You are bonded to me in a similar way Steven is bonded to Madalyn.” I felt older as I sat there with him. We were equals and talking with him in this manner was comfortable.
He finished his wine. “Yes, it burns. I thought as I sat here I could overcome these feelings. I stupidly thought I could control myself, but…I want to be with you in a way I was not even prepared for. I knew when you joined us…we would spend time together. I knew it wouldn’t happen right away. You’re special and…I knew,” he gave me a very sweet smile, “you would need time to accept all of this. But I never realized how much I would hurt wanting you. I’ve lived a very long time and I have never felt this.” He paused and waited for a few seconds to pass before he asked, “Does your heart burn for me?”
I felt my face warm and I lowered my eyes. “Let’s say I’m simmering. There is a battle going on between my mind and my heart. My mind tells me I can do this. I can handle this life, but my heart has different thoughts on the matter. I honestly do not know which will win.”
“When did you know?”
“I knew things were different this morning, I didn’t know what it was though. I felt our energy, and now that Steven has explained things to me…and sitting here with you, I’m beginning to understand.” My smiled turned shy and he raised my hand to his lips for a kiss. As soon as his lips touched my skin, my heart leapt and my body warmed. The heat his energy generated announced to my body his passion, and I was not prepared for that. I had to draw a deep breath to settle my thoughts before I was able to continue my explanation. “I wanted to believe I could change all of you to make me more comfortable, but after feeling your desire tonight, I know that will not be possible. When you kissed my hand just now, I felt the rush of your emotions, your need. I see the energy that passes between us. It’s very similar to what I have with Steven. Our love is not the same as Madalyn's and Steven’s though…theirs is more of a lust. Once it cools, they are fine. But ours is a love—and the three, well, four of you, I need to include Billy here, are all dangerous to me.”
“Bree, you know we would never hurt you. Please, you have to know that.” 
“I do know that. The danger is your need to protect. It is so strong in Steven, and it is strong in you.” I laughed. “It is just as strong in Rick, and we all know how Billy is.” I looked at him and smiled. “Your need to protect me will not keep me from what I must do. You must understand that. And that is why you four are a danger to me.”
“You understand Steven and Madalyn’s needs then, and how we live in our clan…in our realm?”
“Yes, I understand, but that does not mean I accept. I’m trying, but you will need to give me time. My human…emotions are strong. They always will be. They will get in the way. I don’t know how to change that, or even if I can change it. I don’t know how to separate my love for Steven and my…love for you. I have no idea how I could even…Rick…damn, this is getting complicated,” I said quietly as I shook my head.
 “We will take it slow. Richard is a very patient man, you will see. You will feel that pull and that need, and he will wait until you are ready. What of us, now? How do we handle this?”
“I don’t know. I don’t have the answers for that,” I said, a little saddened I didn’t have the answer. Wasn’t I supposed to have all the answers? I was a Chosen One for heaven’s sake. What good was it to be so damn special and not have all the answers? I couldn’t change this. I couldn’t say magical words that would make all of this disappear and make it the way I wanted it. Everything packaged neatly, allowing me to have Steven all to myself, have Bradley with his mate, and Rick and I just be very good friends.
“You have changed, from yesterday to today. A maturity has grown in you,” he said. “I like this change.”
“Yes, I’m sure you do.” I nudged him. “It doesn’t mean I have all the answers. It doesn’t mean I can just fall into the way your lives are. I will go to the Gatherings and attend the summits with you, as co-leader, and I will lead our clan with you. As for the hunt after the Gatherings, well, let’s just say that isn’t my cup of tea. I have no desire to see Steven and Madalyn together. I will leave that part of our lives to you and our clan, and I will return home.”
“You could be with me during those times. I will take things as slow as you need. We can go anywhere you want. We don’t need to be there, the hunt is more for the clan than for us.” He took my hand and placed it on his chest. His tone had strengthened again. “This is my sound for you. It is different than my sound for Madalyn.” 
“I like the feel of it.” I placed my ear against his chest and smiled. When I rose from his chest and faced him, he leaned in and kissed me, and it was a tender, sweet kiss.
“It amazes me how strong my desire for you is at this moment,” he said as he leaned back and cleared his throat. “You don’t have a purr, as you like to call it,” he gently placed his hand on my breast, “although I can feel your heart pounding.” 
I did my very best to control my breathing, but his touch charged me with excitement. I had to bring the conversation back to the matter at hand, and in order to do that I had to take his hand off my chest. “Bradley,” I said and reached for his hand. His energy raced through my fingers and I had to draw another deep breath and let it out slowly to calm myself. Evidently, I took too long.
“Yes, Bree?” 
I glanced up at him, and he beamed a smile. 
I cleared my throat. “Can I assume Steven filled you in on our conversation he and I had in Yellowstone?”
“Yes, Little One, he did. You’re not a polygamist, and we aren't swingers,” he chuckled. 
“I am one woman with two mates, two husbands. I can also be with Rick if I choose…what would you call me?”
“Lucky,” he smiled. “I am secondary to Steven except when you and I are leading, when I need you to be with me as my partner…I will never be able to replace him.” He raised his eyebrows and leaned in close, “but because of our status, we never need seek permission either,” he smiled and I amazed myself by smiling back at him. “Now, do you have any questions?”
I stared at him for the longest few seconds before saying, “I have concerns as well as questions. Since I am your…Alpha, can I assume you will keep my confidence when we talk?”
“Yes, you can assume that.”
I pursed my lips and gave him a wary smile.
“If you do not want me to speak of what we talk about you just need to tell me.”
“I don’t want you to speak about what I’m going to tell you. How was that?” I grinned.
“That’s good,” he laughed. “Now what is it you want to tell me?”
“I’m concerned with Madalyn.”
“Leave Madalyn to me.” His voice hardened and his eyes grew angry—not what I wanted.
I gently cupped his face with my hand. “I do not wish her punished. I’m just concerned. She doesn’t like me much right now. I’m sure it is all the uncertainties surrounding us. Hopefully this will pass, but I am concerned. Her temper…needs to be controlled.” 
He took my hand and kissed it. “I will counsel her then. I will be tender but firm. We’ll start there, but she will understand, and she will give you the respect you’ve earned.”
“Was Sandy an only child?”
“What? No, I don’t think so. Why do you ask?”
I bit my lip as I decided how best to tell him without getting Sandy into trouble. “Is…is it true that when you are turned you must abandon all the human trappings?”
“It’s wise to do that. It makes the processes easier to deal with. The amount of loss that touches your heart is immense, so, if you turn away from the human realm, even if it’s just for a short while, it makes it easier to adjust. What does this have to do with Sandy?”
“But it’s not a demand?”
“No, it’s a suggestion, that’s all.”
I pursed my lips, but the look on his face encouraged me to tell him what I wanted to say. “Sandy has been secretly watching over her parents. They are old and apparently, they don’t have much money. She’s been paying their utility bills. Bradley, this next bit of information I’m about to give you is just so you will understand why Sandy spoke against me. Madalyn threatened to tell you and Richard what she’s been doing. Apparently, they think it’s a rule.”
He started laughing. “Oh, my sweet, precious Bree.”
That took me by surprise, “What? It’s the truth. That is what I heard.”
“Oh, my darling, I believe you. We are well aware of what Sandy has been doing. Rick even increased her household budget to cover the expense. He didn’t want her to do without anything, and he knew she would.” When he saw the look on my face he quickly said, “Trust me. It’s a very large budget. Sandy has very rich tastes. I’ll talk to Rick, maybe it’s time he eased her heart.” He brushed a strand of hair from my face. “What else do we need to talk about?”
 I smiled. “What will my role be at these Gatherings?” My human thoughts began warring with my magical ones, demanding me to rethink everything as my magical thoughts searched for tape to place over them to shut them up. It was getting very crowded inside my head.
“Well, I suppose you mean other than being with me,” he smiled and so did I. “We have dinners we need to attend. We socialize with other clan leaders, review our bylaws, vote on any changes. Nothing earth-shattering. 
“At the Fall Gathering, we either make a formal offer to those we selected at the Spring Gathering, or we let them know the clan has rejected them. They can reject our offer if they choose. If they accept us as their family, then they go through the Ceremony of Acceptance, and they go through a bonding ritual of sorts after the Gathering is over. 
“Rick will get a listing of those looking for a family around the end of January. They will study that list and give us the names they want us to extend an offer to, and we will meet the ones they select at the Spring Gathering to let them know we are considering them. We watch them during the following months. They live with us and socialize with us. They are a part of us, but they do not bond with us until after we have accepted them at the Fall Gathering.” He nudged me, “Do I need to explain the bonding ritual?”
“No, I have a fairly good idea what happens.”
“You do? Okay, just making sure.” He winked and smiled. Apparently, Steven had spoken with him about my apprehension on that subject. I would need to talk with Steven to remind him that what we talk about stays between us. 
He watched my reaction brush across my face, and when he decided I had accepted this as fact, he continued, “Let me tell you, those four are very picky. As you can see, we haven’t grown much. Sometimes they exasperate me. I think they really don’t want others in the clan, they like our group the way it is.” 
“Now they can exasperate both of us.” 
“I like the sound of that.” He sat close with his arm wrapped around my shoulder, and his other hand resting on my leg. 
I sighed. “Will I be here, I mean will I be able to…will I be human or a magical?”
“I’m sure you will still be human in March, and by the Fall Gathering you will be a beautiful sorceress.” He smiled as he brushed the bangs out of my eyes.
“Are there any other clans that are in our predicament?”
“What, where the leaders aren’t mates?”
“Yeah, not to mention that one of them is soon to be a sorceress—if she lives,” I mumbled. 
He grinned. “Yes, there are a few. None of them have a sorceress; although there is one that has a fairy and one that has an elf, if I’m not mistaken. But most are vampires.”
“I guess I am a little confused. If a vampire is dangerous to me, you know, one bite and I’m a goner—why would you allow me to go to these Gatherings before I have made the transition? I assume there are Traditionals there?”
“We will have to revisit that. I may go by myself again this year, and come back at night so we can discuss the day's events. I don’t want you left by yourself. Steven will be with Madalyn during that time, and Rick and Bill have other duties. We’ll see how this all shakes out the closer we get to that time, but I would so love it if you could go with me. If not, then we will just have to wait until the next one.”
“Billy goes to the Gatherings?” I asked.
“Ah…yeah…so does Gina,” he cringed as he told me. “I shouldn’t have said that. I told Bill he needed to talk with you, that he needed to explain things to you.”
“I see. Bradley…” 
He took my hand in his, and when I saw the tiny sparks sprayed from his touch, I hadn’t any desire to pull away. “Is this something else you want me to keep to myself?”
“Yes, please. Let Billy inform me in his own time.”
“I think I’m going to enjoy leading with you. Do you have any other questions?”
“No, not now.” 
“All right,” he said as he got up and helped me up. We stood close and the moment was awkward. It was as if neither of us knew what to do next. I moved to turn, and so did he, causing us to bump into each other. I almost fell backward, but he caught me and pulled me up toward him. My hands rested on his shoulders, his eyes stared into mine, then glanced at my lips, then back to my eyes. We stood so close, I could feel his cool breath on my skin, and the scent of his cologne was like a drug to my mind. He brushed the back of his hand along my cheek and slowly we drew toward each other, tentatively testing each other’s resolve. His hand slipped behind my head and when his lips brushed mine, my heart soared. I could feel my palms sweating…then he pressed his lips to mine in an incredibly tender, loving manner. Everything happened in mere moments, but it was long enough, and sensual enough, to be dangerous. 
When our kiss ended, he pressed his forehead to mine and cleared his throat, then leaned back and started to speak, but stopped. He tried again, but when he opened his mouth, no words came out. Awkwardly, he smiled at me. 
“Ask your question, Bradley.” 
“March is several months away. I would really like to be with you just once, and then I promise I will wait. I can’t explain it, but there is just something now that draws me to you. There’s this essence about you that attracts me. I’ve not felt it before this night, but it is most powerful. I fear if I don’t love you soon, I will burst from the nearness of you, from all of you that I drink in.”
Immediately, at his request, my human emotions shouted over my magical ones, and the realization of what they expected of me came rushing back to the front of my mind. The oldness went away and the youth returned, and I panicked. “Oh, Bradley, I don’t…I don’t think…no. I really don’t know if I can do this just yet. It’s too soon. I need time to absorb all of this. I’m not ready, really, I’m not.” I shook my head while my nerves were building into tense knots in my shoulders. The human side of my mind was reaching a loud crescendo and I thought my head would explode with all the yelling that was going on in my mind. My heart was pounding…and not in a passionate way. My magical side told me I could handle this, but my heart was breaking. My magical side began stuffing my human side into a tiny box. Tiny little magical fingers pushed me deeper and deeper into the darkness of that box. My magical thoughts wrapped chains around it, until finally, a large metal lock clicked tight, and my human side was forced into submission. Damn, please don’t lose that key.
I turned to move from him, but he held me. I heard the voice again in my mind. You must change, child. For you to succeed in your path, you must change. You must accept.
 I turned and looked into his eyes. I knew my path, but was I able to accept it? He stood so close. “Try. Please try.” He wrapped his arm around me, held my face gently in his hand and pressed his lips to mine. I felt dizzy with my want for him, yet I struggled—one last effort from my human side to free my mind. But, Bradley remained gentle. He held me in such a loving embrace, so delicately, as if I might break if he pressed his lips too hard to mine. He had worked his passion to a boil, and mine was moving fast beyond the simmer mark. Surprisingly all was quiet inside my head. 
“Please, just this one time. I promise I will wait after this, but damn, my love, I am so in need of you now. Never doubt my love for you.” 
He drew me into another kiss, causing my body to relax, and when I opened my eyes, I was unfamiliar with my surroundings. 
“I brought us to the second room in my suite. Put all the others out of your mind. I am being selfish, and I want to be the only one in your thoughts.” He cupped my face in his hands, and brought his lips to mine in such a tender fashion my breath left me.
A memory came to my mind of a time long ago, and I saw a woman with flowing brown hair in his arms. Through her eyes, I saw the love she held for him, and I even felt the desires she held, in my heart. My vision revealed me as the woman, and I saw him making love to me. While my thoughts doubted that insight to the past, the oldness swept through my being again and all my insecurities and fears washed away with the heat of his kiss. 
I stepped back from our embrace and saw through his eyes a loss. A small, coy smile curled my lips and I raised my shirt over my head, while his eyes lit with a passion of anticipated delight. I finished disrobing and stood naked before him. 
“Your turn,” I coaxed in a sultry voice.
His momentary stunned gaze turned to one of recognition and he tore at his clothes, fearful that I’d change my mind. 
With remembrance, I viewed him with longing, and I folded into his arms and gave myself to him with complete love and devotion. All old thoughts faded from my mind and new knowledge burned into my memories. I bathed in his love until the waves of our blissful union came crashing into my soul and we both found our euphoria.
As he lay beside me reclaiming his breath, my human thoughts began their punishment of my heart. But my mind would not accept their harsh judgment and pushed all doubt from me.
This was the way my life was now and if I was to succeed, I must accept. Though I knew I would struggle with my moral compass, I prayed for my crossing. 
Chapter 26


“I cannot believe I’m going with you to join the others,” I said quietly as Bradley and I walked toward the restaurant.
“Why? We said we would join them.”
I shook my head. “Because…we just…and now…”
He stopped, pulled me back and turned to face me. His expression was serious, but calm. “Your family…your clan, expects this.” I pursed my lips tight, and he softly exhaled. “When Madalyn sees you accepting our ways, she will understand she has nothing to fear. When our clan sees you have accepted our ways, they will calm. You have made our family whole. You have nothing to be ashamed of, so tell your human thoughts to take a rest.” He cupped my face and kissed me. When he pulled away, he smiled, “Okay?”
I frowned. “I’ll try…”
He pressed his finger to my lips. “No ‘I’ll try,’ just do it.” 
As we entered the restaurant, Odessa came into my mind. I need to make you aware you will be tested again tonight. 
Not again. I’ve had enough thrown at me today. I don’t think I have the strength…
Yes, you do. There is a Traditional here on her orders. He will try his best to seduce you. He hasn’t any power over you, so you have nothing to fear. No vampire can seduce you, but your families do not understand this. You must show them. Meet his challenge. I do need to warn you this will greatly upset the males of your clan, but it is something you must do. You need to remind your clan you have another duty. Keep your mind closed. You will learn much tonight for all is not as it seems. 
My eyes immediately locked onto Steven. With the look and smile he gave me, I knew that he knew I had been with Bradley. I tensed, but Bradley squeezed my hand. “I’ll wait for you at the table. Dance your dance with Steven.” He kissed my cheek and went toward the table.
Steven approached me, and I was completely unsure of how to act. This was all so unnatural for me. I looked at my hands because I couldn’t look into his eyes. He slowly lifted my chin to meet his gaze. “Princess, I love you—never, never doubt that. You are becoming one of us, and I could not be more pleased.” Then he hugged me. 
“Dance with me Steven.”
“Don’t you want to meet everyone first?” he chuckled.
“No, I want to be in your arms now…they will keep. I want to dance with you, and have you hold me as if we are the only two in the world at this very moment,” I pleaded.
“It will get easier. I promise.”
I stopped hugging him and pushed back to look at him. “I don’t want it to be easy.”
He pressed his lips tight, let the matter drop, and led me toward the dance floor. I placed my head against his shoulder and placed my hand on his chest. I needed to familiarize myself with his tone. We danced two slow dances together. Before the last dance ended, I took his hand and placed it on my chest. 
“I have always felt it,” he whispered. “Let’s go to the table. Brad is calling us. He’s a little annoyed he can’t communicate with you. You’ve closed your mind to us, haven’t you?”
“For now. I have a lot to sort through…does that upset you?”
“A little. Will you let me help you?” he asked.
“Soon, but first I need to understand this.” 
Everyone was at the table, including two new people. Sandy got up to greet me with a hug and a kiss, and I watched Gran and Billy for their reactions. This scene didn’t disturb them in the slightest. Madalyn, however, did not greet me. So much for Bradley’s thoughts on her calming. Rick came up to me, hugged me, and kissed my cheek. I grinned at him. He whispered a ‘thank you’ in my ear and told me we had a lot to talk about, then returned to his seat. 
Steven pulled my chair out for me but I held up my hand, stopping him. 
“What’s wrong?” he asked.
“I don’t know,” I looked at Billy. “What, you can’t hug me now?”
Billy glanced at me and grinned. “I kind of have to be given permission from your clan.” 
Evidently, he wasn’t ready to talk to me about his involvement in the clan yet. “What?”
“It’s protocol, I need permission.” 
I glanced down at Bradley, then over at Steven, then back to Billy. “Excuse me, but that’s stupid. You are my cousin, and you do not need anyone’s permission to hug me. Now get yourself over here, or I will make a scene you do not want to see. Hi, Gina. How are you feeling? Hi, Gran.” 
Bradley laughed. “You’d better do it, Bill. She generally makes good on her promises.”
Billy wiped his mouth on his napkin, got up, came over to me, and gave me a big bear hug. “I’ve missed you, Half Pint. We’ll talk later,” then he kissed me on the cheek and set me back down.
“I’m fine,” said Gina. “Just another five weeks to go, then you’ll have a new little cousin.”
“I can’t wait.” I went over and patted her belly, gave her a kiss, then moved on to Gran. “Where’s George?” 
“Oh, he has so much to do to get ready for tomorrow that he won’t be joining us, but he wanted me to be here to welcome you back and congratulate you on your new clan.” Then she thought into my mind. Your parents will be here tomorrow to talk with you. Tread lightly, dear. They are hurting.
I thought as much, I would like you to be there too. 
If that is your wish, then I will be there. 
Our two new members were sitting quietly between Madalyn and Sandy; one was a woman and the other a man. They were young, and if I had to guess, I would say they were both in their early twenties. They were very pale—dark circles were very noticeable under their eyes, and I wondered just how long it took to transition from a Traditional to a Non-Com. The young woman watched me, but the young man wouldn’t meet my gaze.
I suddenly felt pressure in my chest. It wasn’t debilitating, but I was aware of it. It was a cold sensation that seemed to squeeze my heart. I pressed my hand against my chest and the sensation lessened. I stood still for a moment and took a few deep breaths, then the cold returned and it felt as if a hand was squeezing my lungs, making it difficult for me to breathe. With one hand, I held the back of the chair in front of me, and with the other, I touched my pendant and the bloodstone. The warmth of the stone washed over me, and I felt the cold flee from my body and my breathing finally returned to normal. 
Steven’s hands held my waist and I felt the gentle push of his thoughts to mine. Are you all right? he asked as he pulled my chair out for me.
Yeah, I think so. I have no idea what that was all about, but it’s gone now. 
I sat down beside Bradley, and he placed his hand on my wrist to check my pulse. 
When was the last time you ate? Bradley thought to me.
Ahh…if I remember correctly, you were there.
Everyone’s senses rushed at me and I knew I needed to gain back control. Their emotions were overwhelming my own thoughts, and the feeling was very unnerving. I felt the emotions strongest among the men and common sense warned me the more they worried the harder my journey would be. I opened my mind and tenderly kissed their thoughts. I’m fine. I need you all to stop worrying. 
As I felt their consciousness, I watched Rick. He sat back, his arm still on the table, but his eyes smiled at me. I felt his gentle push to gain entry back into my mind. I cracked open the door ever so slightly and my mind peeked around the corner to him. 
I like the feel of your thoughts Aubrey. I truly have missed your touch. 
My thoughts smiled back. I know you have, Richard, and I gently closed the door again. I felt Billy’s uneasiness and hoped he would ask me to dance tonight. We had a lot to discuss.
Bradley released my wrist when he was satisfied my pulse was strong again. I sat back and drew a deep breath. “Whew! Too much excitement,” I offered. It didn’t take much after that to get the conversation back on track, and as I’d hoped, Billy asked me if he could have a dance. 
“Well, it took you long enough,” I said as I kissed Steven on the cheek while at the same time thought to Bradley, Do I need to seek permission?
Only with outsiders, and I will tell you right now, my answer will be “no.” 
Then why should I ask? I smiled in his mind. 
Do you feel up to dancing?
Bradley, Billy has carried me many times. If I feel faint again, know I am safe with him. 
***
Once on the dance floor, Billy asked the bandleader for a slow dance and then he twirled me around and into his arms and asked, “Everything okay, Half Pint? You looked a little pale for a while there.”
“I feel fine now. I’m not sure what that was all about, but in answer to your other question, no—everything is not okay. Bradley and I share a bond. I am mated to him as well as Steven!” I said. I could feel my human emotions escaping from their prison. Jitters rose in my stomach as my human thoughts stretched their legs and bubbled to the front of my mind. 
“Well, yeah, I know. That’s interesting, didn’t see that coming,” he said.
“Apparently no one did. Did you see me becoming a leader in the clan?”
“No, didn’t see that either. We thought you would play a role in Steven’s House, only because he has family on the Council. We really thought that’s what it meant,” he answered. 
“You knew about Madalyn and Steven, didn’t you?”
He shrugged a shoulder. “Yeah, I did. Wasn’t sure how you would react. Hell, none of us were. Steven, shit, you should have seen him when Brad told him he had to be the one to tell you. I think he would have preferred to walk through fire than tell you, but it has been this way for him and Madalyn ever since he made her a vampire. It was only proper that the news come from him.” 
“Steven explained everything. I can’t believe this, Billy,” I gently banged my head on his chest. “This giving of yourselves…no jealousy, no guilt. This just isn’t right. I can’t do this.”
“Oh, my sweet little cousin, you will understand the longer you are with them. You will find you need that closeness, and you will ache when they aren’t near.”
“You don’t have a problem with it?” I asked, giving him an opening to tell me he and Gina were part of my clan. 
“No, sweetie, I really don’t. We’re magicals. I understand this way of life. It’s so different from the way you live as a human. We love deeper than humans do. We need that attachment. I am always holding you, picking you up. That should make sense to you now. Magicals are very sensual, more so than humans. Humans are too high strung. You will understand these ways as you live it. Just relax and enjoy yourself. This is our way.”
“I feel like I’m cheating,” I protested.
“That’s a human thought. I know, I know, you are still human, but, my sweet angel, it could be worse.”
“Oh, please tell me how. How could it be worse?”
“You could remain an outsider from the clan, and those few times a year Steven would be with Madalyn, making love to her, being with her—you wouldn’t be able to communicate with him at all. What Steven and Madalyn have is nothing but lust, animalistic lust. Steven will not make love to you in that manner. Madalyn will never be able to replace you in his heart, in his soul. You make Steven…human. He will always be tender with you, and it will be the same with you and Brad. I see it in the way they treat you now. Neither of them will make love to you as they make love to Madalyn. Vampires are different with their mates. Rough, but that’s how they like it.”
“How do you know all of this, Billy? I questioned, nudging just a little more.
“Oh…I don’t know…I guess I just know my own kind. We are not as bashful as you are, my sweet, but that is one of your qualities we find endearing. I have been a friend of theirs for a very long time, and I know their thoughts. I know the pain Steven has felt for you, and I have hurt for him. Brad is there now, too. We all love you in our own way.”
“I will never understand this life.”
He twirled me around, brought me back into his arms, and smiled down at me. “Which do you want? Do you want to be by yourself, unhappy and hurting during those times Steven is with Madalyn…or would you rather be with someone who loves you just as much? Though he could never replace Steven in your soul, he could make you just as happy.”
I stayed quiet a little longer that he liked.
“Okay, at the risk of you going ballistic on me…take the human part of you and shove it aside for just a few minutes.” He pulled me away and looked at me, then pulled me back to him. “That will make it easier on Steven. He truly didn’t know how you would react to this.” I tensed. “Listen to me now, before you fly off the handle. He is prepared to walk away from the clan, his life here, everything—just to keep you. When he had to leave you that summer, I was very worried about him. I had to remind him repeatedly that he would be with you in the end. I promised that to him. Then Nick came along and again he worried me. He watched you when you would come over…” I pulled back to look at him. “You never saw him—nobody knew he was there but me. He loves you sooo much, but he has a problem and that problem is his bond to Madalyn. Every single one of them is worried you won’t accept the ways of our realm and leave, and they know Steven would go with you. That would hurt Madalyn greatly—you can’t imagine how much—and that would hurt Brad, and you leaving would hurt Brad too. In the end, it would hurt Steven, and that would hurt you.”
“I don’t want that,” I said, but I knew I didn’t want this either. Why did everyone want to shove my human emotions into and under things? Didn’t they understand I needed them?
“I know you don’t, but it’s your choice. Steven would feel better knowing you had someone dependent on you. It’s really a win for both of you. Is it ideal in your eyes? No. It never will be. You want the one love, one mate for a lifetime—but be honest, that doesn’t always happen in the human world. Trust me, I have seen, heard, and even witnessed this. Remember, I am a lawyer, and I have many human clients.” 
I decided to table this conversation for a while. It was going to take time, and I needed to move on to other things. “Billy? That new woman at the table…she looks familiar, but I can’t place her. The hair color is wrong for her face.”
“Keep thinking. It will come to you. Try her as a blonde.” 
The music ended and I leaned back. “No, can’t be.”
“It is. They wanted you to have someone in the clan that you knew very well.”
“I thought they were Traditionals.”
“Well, they were. Right now they are “Tweeners.” I gave him the “a little more information” look. “Tweeners are in between Traditionals and Non-Coms. Steven and Rick started working with them soon as they were able to locate them. Madalyn and Sandy have been helping them through the transition, but they are having a rough go of it. They’re still a little wild, so they will not be allowed to greet you for a very long time, but I think your clan is willing to do what is needed to cross them over.”
I took his hand, walked back to the table, and looked directly at the young woman. “Becky?”
She rolled her eyes up at me, a small smile crossed her lips, and then it was gone. “Yes, it’s me.”
I didn’t know what to say, I stole a glimpse at her companion. “Are you going to introduce me?”
She peeked a look at Steven. Out the corner of my eye, I saw his nod. She pressed her lips in an annoyed fashion and unceremoniously introduced me. “This is Ted. Ted, Bree.” She lowered her eyes—her job was done. I squished my mouth to the side and decided to give up for now. I knew her well enough…or did to know when she clammed up the conversation was over.
 I sat next to Steven and he assumed the position with his arm around my chair and his thumb gently rubbing my shoulder. How I had missed that. I knew that soon he would be rubbing my neck. Even though I hadn’t had my headaches for a while, I so loved him touching me. 
The waiter came and refilled our drinks, and brought the appetizers I was sure Bradley had ordered while I’d been dancing with Billy and listened to the conversation unfold around me. I learned more about my clan's relationship with my family, and found it incredibly surprising that people I thought I knew very well, I really knew very little about. Steven, Rick, Brad, and my cousins, had played baseball together. They even played against human teams, and they made it very clear to me that all magical teams had to play with “normal” strength when they played against them. No one explained what “normal” meant thought, and I didn’t bother to ask. 
Sometime during the conversation, I forgot the problems that faced me, and the challenges I had to overcome, until I heard a familiar voice behind me. I saw Billy turn and stand to extend his hand to the owner of that voice, and everything swirled back into my thoughts and the oldness centered in the middle of them, calming them, bringing control back to my mind.
“Ry, I was wondering when you would show. Where’s Kim?” Billy asked.
Ryan was the oldest of my cousins and a very stern individual…loving, but stern. His wife, Kim, was the same way. Spending time with the two of them was about as much fun as spending a Friday night at the library. You wouldn’t know it by watching them, but their kids actually had a great sense of humor. They probably got that from my cousin Stanley. He was just as serious, just as firm, but he had a fun side…he just never let it show much. 
“Hey, everyone,” Ryan said as he took Billy’s hand and gave it a firm shake. “Kim’s up in the room unpacking. Thought I would come by and see you all. Aubrey, how are you?” He leaned in and gave me a hello kiss, then looked at Bradley. “Sorry, I forgot to ask permission.”
“Not a problem. She has made it clear, family is family,” Bradley informed him.
Ryan sat down and leaned forward, arms resting on the table, and informed everyone, with a concerned expression, I would go before the Council on Friday. 
His announcement caused the tension to rise around the table, which became an uncomfortable feeling for me, so I attempted to ease their minds. 
“Steven told me I needed to be here, Ry.”
He pressed his lips together and wrung his hands. “I had hoped we would’ve been able to wait until next year, but we have a mess on our hands. Tensions are rising and races are vying for positions. Those that oppose you have threatened others,” he said as he observed me. I saw the worry in eyes and I offered what I hoped was a comforting smile. He looked down at his hand, and I got the instinct impression he was here for reasons other than to inform me of my Council appearance. He glanced up at Billy and Rick. “Have you heard about the elves? They’ve broken into two factions again. Now there are two leaders, and they both want to be on the Council. The newest faction’s a very radical group…they have taken to calling themselves ‘Dragoons.’ Their leader, Broderick, he’s relentless in his demands on their government. He and his followers have wanted to change the way they live for a very long time, and the government doesn’t want that change. Time will only tell how this will all work out. Elves can be a nasty lot when they don’t get their way.” 
Ryan snuck a glance back at me. “It was a madhouse at the Council Building when word got out that she was here. I can tell you that Council members are watching her. They know about the headaches and the warming…that’s why they want her to appear before them on Friday so ‘we can all see for ourselves how far she has progressed.’” He made air quotes as he spoke. “They know that soon she will become powerful…and some of the members are scared.”
“You realize I am sitting right here, don’t you?” I said as I took a bite of zucchini. 
“Yes, Aubrey. I am aware,” he teased back.
“Should we increase her protection again?” Rick asked. I lifted my eyes to watch him and Billy and saw the energy around them brighten as their shoulder muscles tightened. 
“Couldn’t hurt. The infighting has started on the Council too. Esmeralda’s furious the gems are gone. She’s started an investigation, but they weren’t hers to begin with.” He smiled at me then looked down at his hands.
I remained quiet and listened to all the information he was feeding my clan, and the oldness in my mind took control of my confidence. “Tell them it isn’t soup yet,” I said back to him and smiled.
Everyone stared at me with confused expressions.
“I am not ready to cross…they worry needlessly,” I clarified.
“Aubrey, you aren’t taking this seriously. We really should talk before Friday’s meeting,” Ryan softly scolded. His brow creased with his worry, and his emotions were seeping into my clan. I needed to bring the calm back.
“Ry, I’m not worried. You shouldn’t be either.” I smiled back at him and tried to set his heart at ease.
“When it comes to you, my dear little cousin, I always worry. You will sit before us on Friday afternoon. Some members will press hard for you to come under our protection…but we can’t let that happen. The Council is still split with their loyalty,” he said as he looked around the table at everyone. 
“Ry, I’ve no intention of going anywhere but back to Texas with Steven, so put your mind at rest, dear cousin,” I said, continuing in my calm manner.
“Not that simple.” Ryan said.
“Then you’re expending energy you don’t need to,” I countered.
“Stubborn. My hat goes off to your clan.” He stood up to leave. “I’ll talk with you later.”
“I love you, Ry.” 
“I love you too.” He leaned down and kissed me on the cheek again, said goodnight to everyone and left.
Our conversation steered clear of Ry’s visit and I was thankful for that, but I knew that after I went to sleep tonight, they’d meet in the pub to plan. 
Rick asked Steven if he could dance with me, and I thought that a little odd. He’d never asked before, so why now? Was this the way it would be from now on—they had to ask permission to dance with me? 
“You people really need to put out a manual on protocols for transitioning from the human to the magical realm,” I said and stood before either Steven or Bradley granted that permission, but I caught the amused grin on Steven’s lips and the smile Rick tried to hide when he walked around the table to collect me. 
***
Rick firmly held my hand as he swung me around once we got to the dance floor, pulling me into his arms and holding me close as we swayed with the music and I drew in a deep breath and sighed softly. He chuckled, “I told you I would hold you tight so you could get your fill.” 
“Stop teasing me.”
“No, I will never stop teasing you or holding you, so just get used to it,” he whispered.
“I’ve a question for you.”
“I thought you would.”
“Oh, you did, did you?” I leaned back and glanced up at him.
He pulled me back into him and with a low, raspy laugh he said, “Let’s hear it.” 
“Why did you ask permission to dance with me? I don’t remember you ever doing that before.”
“Steven and Brad want to take things slow with you. They don’t want us to scare you off.” He spun me around and brought me back into his embrace. “I don’t scare you, do I?”
“No, and that’s silly. You don’t need to ask permission. You can dance with me and hold me any time you like.” I closed my eyes remembering all my dances and all the times I had talked with him those many years ago, and as I remembered those times, an awareness came to me that I didn’t have back then. My Richard was truly special to me, and I felt that new closeness completing our relationship. I could feel his tension ease, but I sensed he wanted to say more. I remembered how easily he and I had spoken to each other when I was younger, and I wanted that back. I need that back.
“This is nice,” I said and nuzzled into him.
“I’ve missed this, but I shouldn’t be telling you that,” he said.
“Why?” 
“You have enough on your mind without having to worry about me having missed you, that’s all.”
“Oh, stop worrying about my mind. It’s fine. I like dancing with you and I have missed you. When my memories returned, I had such a longing for all of you. I know we spent a lot of time together, and my heart is missing those times. I need you to be like you were before, so I’m telling you to stop worrying.” 
“This isn’t too much for you then? I mean, I know how your mind works, maybe better than Steven and Brad—I can tell the struggle you’re having. Do you want to talk about it?”
My hand tightened around his. “No…I…” I cleared my throat. While I wanted things as they were before with him, I was very certain he and I had never discussed having multiple loves in one’s life and the acceptability of it. “No, not now,” I quietly answered.
“Okay, but I’m always here if you need to talk. Remember that,” he whispered to me as the song ended. 
***
I sat down next to Steven and by the way he wrapped his arms around me I knew he knew I was tired, but I was enjoying myself and I didn’t want to leave. But before I could communicate that to him, I yawned. 
I think you’ve had enough excitement for one day. I’m calling an early end to tonight, he said. 
I looked at my watch, then back at him, two-thirty is not an early night!
It is for you, my sweet, he teased. “Well, everyone, I want a little alone time with my Princess. We’ve all had a very long day. See you all at breakfast.” He stood and reached for my hand, but when I took his, his grip tightened. Rick and Billy stood, and I saw my grandmother’s stare harden. Bradley stood and placed his hand on my shoulder to keep me in my seat. Everyone stared at something behind me, and then I heard another familiar voice and knew the Traditional Odessa had told me about had arrived.
Chapter 27


“Well, well, look who we’ve run into.” The sound of his voice resonated with me and I felt all the heightened senses from not only those at my table, but of all those that were behind me. 
It’s time, Bree, Odessa whispered. 
But…the night was going so well, I musingly thought back to her. I stood and immediately Steven stood in front of me and Bradley stepped next to Steven—and I stared at their backs. I caught movement off to my left, and then my right from the quick steps taken by Billy and Rick to get into position. 
“Relax. I’m not going to do anything here. It’s too public. I like my advances in private,” our visitor said. 
I tried to push through Steven and Bradley’s arms but they stood steadfast in front of me. I poked Steven’s side, but it had as much of an effect as if I’d poked him with a feather.
Step into your role, Chosen One. Begin your teaching and win others to your side, Odessa whispered. 
I exhaled softly knowing what I was going to do next would bring to the front of my family’s mind that this was the first of many times I would be venturing down a road they didn’t want me to travel. 
Steven…Bradley…let me pass.
Bradley’s head turned slightly toward Steven, but Steven kept his eyes facing front. I tugged on Steven’s shirt.
You said I had to show my presence. Please don’t make me hide. 
Steven glanced at Bradley, and then reluctantly, they moved for me to squeeze through. I stepped forward and looked into the eyes of the Traditional that had come to test me on her orders. I remembered the dream I’d seen him in, and I knew his name was Thomas. He was much paler than I remembered, but his appearance fascinated me. He was indeed tall and broad-shouldered, even in my dream he was a very imposing figure. 
He wasn’t dressed as casually as I remembered. Today he was dressed just as I would have thought a vampire would dress. He wore a black cape with a high starched collar framing the back of his head, clipped together with gold buttons and connected by a gold chain, a crisp white shirt and a black suit, neatly pressed with a sharp crease in his pant legs, and shoes polished to a high glossy sheen. His long slender fingers wrapped around the silver bat handle on the cane he carried. He had his long coal-black hair tucked under the collar of his cape. Dark sideburns framed his smooth, chiseled, alabaster face. The dark circles under his eyes and his thin ice smooth lips all fascinated me. 
I heard the heeded words from a member of his clan telling him to “tread lightly, you’ve been without your drink for some time,” and I heard Thomas’ reply of “I know what I’m doing.” 
Thomas looked at Steven and spoke with a deep, velvet-toned voice. “You worry too much.” He offered me his hand, and his eyes tried to push his will of control to me. 
Steven’s arm blocked the offered hand, and I heard his low rattled growl deep in his chest. I sensed the tension in my men had raised in strength a few decibels, and I felt their rumbles deep inside me.
“Gentlemen, where are your manners? Aren’t you going to introduce me to this sweet young thing?” Thomas looked from Steven, to Bradley, and then looked back to me. “My dear, politeness seems to have escaped them. My name is...” 
“Thomas,” I said, just above a whisper.
“Yes.” He paused, and I sensed a little hesitation in his thoughts as he regarded me with reservation, then his lips curled into a smile. “And you are?”
“Aubrey, my name is Aubrey.” The strangest sensation came over me and my mind viewed all aspects of this gathering as if I was watching a television show and the camera moved around showing me all the action. I saw Madalyn, Sandy, and Gina sitting behind me, and I could see them shift in their seats. I saw my grandmother looking at all the faces that were present. I saw several of the men of Thomas’ clan flexing their hands to keep their alertness about them. Bradley placed his hand on my waist and gave a slight squeeze. Then I saw my grandmother stand and toss her napkin on the table.
“What is it you want?” she asked in a scold.
However, her tone didn’t bother Thomas, as he remained smugly polite. “Ah, Mildred. Is this the one I have heard so much about? The one who is to save your beloved culture? Why, she is so small to be such a threat to ours. Please, tell me how this creature can save you, if she can’t even look or talk to me without you guarding her?” He spread his arms gesturing to everyone at our table and smiled at me again.
“She is not your concern at the moment,” Steven said. 
Amusingly he lifted his eyes toward Steven. “You are correct. For the moment, she is not a concern and I wish to keep it that way.” He turned his attention back to me. “Tell me, my dear, have you really seen a true vampire? Oh, not these gentle souls,” he sneered, “but one who could make your blood boil from his touch, make you desire him more than life, make your body ache when he is not around? I could show you such a man, my dear.” His stare intensified. “You needn’t fear me—but you should.” He spread his arms and continued to challenge my clan. Odessa took this time to slip into my thoughts. 
He is baiting you, she whispered. 
I know…he’s really trying, too. I hate to burst his bubble though, but everyone is getting nervous. Maybe if I tell him he hasn’t any effect…
I think you are going to have to do more than that to prove to him…and your family, the strengths that course through you.
Ah…like what?
You’ll think of something, she said.
You’re not going to tell me how…”
I cannot tell you what to do, Chosen One. I am here to guide…
Thanks a heap. 
You’ll do fine. Show them your strengths, Chosen One…and by doing so, I think you will learn much tonight.
Thomas’ smile widened. “Are you afraid to speak with me? Are you afraid of what you are feeling now?”
“No, I’m not afraid of you…and yes, to answer your earlier question…Steven makes me feel that way. He is a true vampire, just as you are. He just prefers his drink in a glass.” I smiled. “I feel that way about my clan…they strengthen me. You can never match that, no matter how hard you try.”
His confidence eased a little, then came back strong. “Now, that is sweet. You mistakenly think that what you feel for Steven is the same as how I could make you feel.” A low deep laugh escaped his lips. “It’s easy to feel brave, my dear, when you are surrounded by your clan. I dare say you would not be as brave if they were not holding you. Let me hold your hand and see if your desires change.” He looked at the others. “How can you know if she is strong enough to take on all those who wish her harm if you can’t even trust her thoughts and emotions with me?” He was laughing at them now, taunting them. He played this game very well. “You place so much on this transformation, but she is doomed to fail—you all know that. You are just hiding it from her on a slim hope she will survive. Such foolishness. No matter, I will taste her in the end. My clan will feast upon her dead body.”
Okay, that’s just gross. I heard Odessa chuckle, and then I drew on my strength and stepped away from my protectors.
I heard Bradley’s low growl come from deep within his chest, and he grabbed my hand. “Just what do you think you are doing?” he asked. I looked down at our hands and then looked at him. “We spoke of this earlier. You need to trust me.” I turned to Steven and I read his anger. “It’s time you trusted me too. I’ll be fine.” 
Steven looked at Bradley, waiting for my Alpha mate to step in and make me stop, but he pursed his lips, and shook his head instead. Steven placed his hand on my arm. “This is not a book, this is real. You need to sit down now.” His voice was stern, and I knew I was in for a talking to later, but right now, I had to do this. However, the rest of my family felt the need to voice their concerns.
I folded my hands in front of me and confidently turned my back on Thomas and gave my family time to voice…their displeasure. Billy counseled me first. 
“You’ve no idea how hard this will be. Listen to Steven, and sit down now.” 
I didn’t say anything back to him and looked at Rick. "Do you wish to add anything?” 
“Please don’t do this. I know you think you are strong, but you are not ready for this. Do as Steven and Bill say and sit down.” 
 I gave a nod at his counsel, then looked at the others at the table. “Gran, Madalyn, Sandy, Gina, anything? Now’s your chance.” Our two newest members sat watching me with wide-eyed stares.
I turned back to Thomas and saw a curious look on his face. I smiled at him. “My family has given me their counsel. They do not understand my strengths yet…and neither do you. I do not fear you, Thomas…you need to fear me.” I kept my voice even. “Would you like to sit or stand for your little experiment?” I extended my hand for him to take. “Take my hand. Know my strength, and know you can’t claim me.” My thoughts took charge. I wasn’t the young human, but the confident Chosen One, and as Odessa had said, I knew my abilities. The oldness was back in my mind, and this time I sensed the Elders deep in my soul. My tests were beginning and soon my families would understand.
Thomas smiled and ran his tongue over his teeth, then raised his finger to his lips. “Such a foolish little girl you are. No matter, I will make quick work of you, and leave you wanting more. Standing will work just as well. I will catch you when you fall and hand you gently back to Steven.”
He took my hand in his. His touch was icy, not cool like Steven’s, yet I felt his energy race through his veins. I could smell his cologne when he raised my hand to his lips and gently kissed it while staring into my eyes. For a moment, his eyes were strong, but then I turned the tables on him and I drew him into me. I felt his grip lessen, I felt the pain of his desire for me, then I saw his recognition of my strength. 
I bit my top lip to hide my smile, and released my hold on him. I had hope that that would be enough to stop his demonstration, but it wasn’t, so I allowed him to play his game a little longer. 
He slowly raised my hand to his lips again and I heard his tone deep in his chest. He sensually smiled as he thought into my mind. I do love a strong woman.
Your time is slipping away, I suggest you get on with your demonstration, I challenged. 
He kissed my hand again and pressed his thought softly to me. Look at me, and tell me, what do you see? Look into my eyes. Do you see us entwined together in an embrace? 
I remained quiet. I was looking into his eyes, but I didn’t see the picture he was trying to paint. 
That’s it, Little One. Look at me. Do you see me pulling you close? Do you feel me gently kissing your neck, your lips? 
His voice was rhythmically soft, but it did nothing to me. He moved closer, and I didn’t step back so I suppose that gave him more confidence. 
It is just the two of us, no other soul around. Fall into my arms and let me kiss away your fears. Let me show you my love for you. I can make you happy. I have watched you…did you know that? My love for you is strong and I ache for your touch. Do you not feel my love? He drew a deep breath. There is just a sweet scent about you—I can’t describe it, and I can’t get enough. You pull me toward you, and I so desperately want to be with you. 
I wasn’t sure who was trying to hypnotize whom at this point. 
I will be gentle with you. Never will I be rough, and I can give you your most desired wish. I would be all yours. I would never mate with another. That is your wish is it not, my dear? I can give you that. Just let me show you. My desire is strong and you shall know it. He raised my hand to his lips again for another kiss.
That’s it! And women fall for this? What am I missing? I thought to Odessa.
I told you he had no power over you. You heard his words normally. A wholly human woman would have heard his voice in a soft melody and that melody would capture her. It doesn’t matter what he says…it’s the music of their voice. A vampire’s melody is very beautiful to human ears. Hearing it normally, as you just did, it loses that power. I am impressed. He offered you your greatest wish, and you did not take his offer. Maybe you are more accepting of this realm’s ways than you are giving yourself credit for. You can end this now. I think the others will be convinced—mad, but convinced. You are strong, he is aware, and the danger to you will grow.
I broke from his gaze and smiled softly at him. I took my free hand and gently touched his neck and felt the weakness in his veins. “I’m sorry, but I told you…you have no power over me. Your gaze cannot capture me…your voice has no melody to me. Your eyes are not dangerous to me…bottom line—you have no control here.” I stared softly into his eyes. “May I have my hand back?” He gave me a sensual smile and once again drew my hand to his lips. “Careful, Thomas. She will be very angry with you should you bite. I have seen the jars. She doesn’t want me dead yet, just tested.” 
Then I slipped into his mind. I am not your enemy…why do you want to be mine? 
That shook him. I saw it in his eyes, then I felt his energy charge his desire. His heart raced with a passion that warmed his hand and the sensation surged through me like a river through a desert. It surprised me, but I managed to keep my composure.
Don’t cast me aside so quickly, Little One. He smiled and kissed my hand. “You do taste delicious. No matter, my time will come.” He looked me up and down and then released my hand. 
“Your time will never come. You need to understand that.”
“Oh, Little One, you have no idea what is in store for you. You will never transform, and we will win.” 
“I’ve a fairly good idea what’s in store for me. She will be angry with you. I fear you play a very dangerous game.”
He laughed a deep belly laugh. “Steven, I think you have far more to handle than you realize.”
I felt a cold energy race through me, and immediately I knew it wasn’t coming from anyone around me. My mind searched for the source, but before it had ventured very far, my chest tightened. I tried to move without drawing attention to myself, but that had been a stupid thought. I literally stumbled into Steven. He grabbed me and my hand flailed out in front of me for my chair.
“I need to sit down, please,” I weakly said. 
Bradley jerked my chair back and Steven helped me sit. When the cold gripped my heart again, I heard screams in my mind and saw ghostly visions of the pain the cold grip had inflicted on innocence victims.
 “What’s wrong, Aubrey?” Gran’s voice rang through the air. I moaned with the grip against my soul, and I clenched my hands into fists. I kept my eyes closed for fear if I opened them, I would again see those visions of those that cried for me. Steven sat down beside me and Bradley had his hand against my back, while his other hand held my wrist, taking my pulse. 
“Bree, what is your mind telling you to do?” Gran asked. “You know what you need, child…tell me so I can help.” 
I remembered what my strength was, and I called upon the wind. I had no idea how it would find me inside, but my mind told me to do this. I sent my plea on a breath of air, and a cool breeze kissed my forehead. My body immediately cooled. My hair moved with the gentle breeze, the wood flute played in my head, and once again, my mind allowed me to see everyone. 
Thomas and his men sat at the surrounding tables and everyone remained quiet. I saw their expressions as they watched my hair swirl gently with the invisible force. Finally, the pain lessened and my body relaxed, but I could still feel the cold fingers deep in my chest. 
Gran, could you make a small candle appear please? My breathing had returned to normal, but I needed protection from this feeling, and my protection was fire. I was sure the hotel wouldn’t like it if I started a fire in their restaurant, so the only thing I could think of was a candle. 
What color should the candle be? 
I shrugged my shoulders, it didn’t matter to me what color, but that must be an important question or she wouldn’t have asked. A flame appeared in my mind, showing me its color. 
I need the candle to be white.
One appeared in front of me. The flame flickered and grew in intensity, and then slowly, it shrank until it was a small flicker.
 I heard Odessa’s voice. What do you sense? Let your mind wander. Seek the evil. It can’t hide from you now, but it doesn’t know this. Find what you seek.
With my eyes closed I viewed my surroundings and saw all the worried looks on the faces of my clan, and oddly enough even from Thomas and a few of his clansmen. I heard the voice of one of Thomas’ clan. The females need to leave, Tom. We can’t talk with them here. They need to go! 
I saw a dark patch hovering over Ted, and a large, dark patch hovered over three members of Thomas’ clan. The patches reminded me of the dark I’d seen in Yellowstone. The same hate and evil I’d felt there, I felt here. The only difference was that here it was grabbing my insides. It hadn’t touched me in Yellowstone, but I was outside when I had seen it. I had the strength of the wind and the protection of the fire that burned deep underground. I watched the dark patches lovingly embrace their hosts, and I knew these four needed to leave our tables…and apparently, if I wanted to know why Thomas was truly here, the women needed to leave as well. I knew that much, but how was I going to accomplish this? 
I thought softly into my grandmother’s mind, Gran, I’m going to ask you to leave the table, and you need to take all the women with you. I’m going to ask Bradley to send Becky and Ted away. Thomas has something to tell and he will not do so with you here. I will be fine, I promise, but Gran—I do not want our conversation here heard by anyone else, and I don’t know how to accomplish that. I don’t have time for you to tell me how to do it, either.
I’m not worried about you. I will take care of the concealment spell. However, I don’t think your men will be very accommodating, she answered.
I groaned in frustration, then opened my thoughts to all the men present, excluding the women and the ones the dark held.
Bradley, I need you to send Becky and Ted away. Send them to their room to meditate. I need them away from this table. 
Why? I need to know your thoughts before I send members of our group away when we are in a potentially dangerous situation, he said.
 Because, they are an unknown element to me. I feel bad energy at this table and I need you to remove them.
Through my mind I saw him look at Rick, Steven, and Billy, then he turned his gaze back to Thomas.
Thomas tipped his head. We are not here to attack you. 
I watch Bradley weigh his options before he had Rick send Becky and Ted back to their room for meditation. The sensation lessened but did not leave, and it wasn’t at our table. Thomas, how many new members of your clan are with you? I asked.
Why? 
Because there is bad energy in your group. I want to know who is new to you, I said calmly, but assertively. 
He glanced at the young man sitting next to him, then lowered his eyes and said, I have three new members with me, my lady. 
Are you vetting them properly? I asked.
Yes, my lady.
I am asking you to please send those three away, and so you do not to draw attention to them, please send two of your clansmen away as well. I don’t care which two.
You are asking me to send five away when you only sent two of yours. You have two very powerful witches at your table, and that leaves me very vulnerable, he protested.
Very well. Bradley, I am asking you to send Madalyn, Sandy, and Gina away. There Thomas, I matched you five for five. 
I mean no disrespect, but Mildred and Bill still give you far better supremacy. Mildred must go as well, he again protested.
No Bree, that leaves us very vulnerable, I will not let all four leave, Bradley said. 
Yet you expect me to send mine away and accept you will not attack, Thomas rallied.
You will still have eight men to our four. I will not allow that, Bradley challenged.
Oh, enough, I shouted at them all with a stern thought. My hand drew to my forehead and I massaged my temples. The flame from the tiny candle pulsed wildly. I know this is a foreign subject to all of you, but I am asking you to trust. For the love of God, will you just trust me for once?
Bradley exhaled, placed his hand on my arm, and relented. After my grandmother, Sandy, Gina, and Madalyn left, I turned my attention to Thomas.
Thomas, please, I am asking you to trust me.
Thomas nodded to the clansman sitting next to him and that clansman selected six members of their clan to leave. 
Steven leaned in close. He had been very quiet throughout this whole process, but I’d been aware of him the entire time. His leg never lost contact with mine. “Are you feeling better now?” 
“Yes, the sensation is subsiding quickly.” I smiled and opened my eyes. “Whew! That’s better.” I folded my arms on the table and smiled at them. 
Billy made a glass of water appear in front of me. “You look thirsty…and hot. Are you feeling okay?”
“Yes, I’m fine now. A little shaky, but fine.” I drank the water, blew out the candle, and smiled at them again. Billy, I need everyone to have their special liquid. Do you mind? I would like a nice chardonnay, and please pour yourself whatever you prefer. He narrowed his eyes at my request. Please, Billy. I know what I’m doing. 
Eleven tall glasses of their special red liquid appeared on the tables, drawing everyone’s eyes to them. With the slightest wave of my hand, I moved the glasses toward everyone. “Thomas, you look thirsty and so do your men,” I said as each glass found its way to Thomas and his men. I saw the pained look on Thomas’ face, and from my earlier touch along his jugular, I knew it had been quite some time since he’d had his precious drink. He did not reach for it, and through my mind, I could see the jaw muscles of his men tighten. This was agonizing for them and that was not my intent. “Thomas, you have gone long enough, do not continue to torture yourself. Drink the drink I have placed in front of you. We continued to stare at each other. “Oh, very well. Richard, please take a swallow of his drink and show him I mean him no harm.” 
Thomas quickly took his glass. “That is not necessary, my lady.” He tipped his head in acknowledgment of the gift, took a long swallow, and his men did the same. I heard each give a satisfied moan as they set their glass on the table and I could sense the settlement in them. 
“Would you like another?” I offered.
“No, my lady. That was very kind of you, but, we are fine,” Thomas said.
I decided to lead this discussion. I already had my foot in hot water with my clan, might as well take a complete bath. “So, tell me, Thomas,” I gestured toward his remaining clansmen, “how long have they been with you?”
“Gentlemen, watch your manners,” Rick warned. 
I looked at Rick, a little startled by his words. “Why?” 
“Because,” the man sitting next to Thomas said, “we normally don’t discuss matters of importance with females around. We tend to have to watch what we say, what language we use.” 
Another one of Thomas’ clansmen spoke up, “You are a female. Maybe you too need to leave and let the men have this discussion.”
Rick and the one sitting next to Thomas groaned, Steven smiled, and Billy just shook his head.
I looked around Steven at the clansman who had stuck his vampire foot in his mouth. He was tall, broad-shouldered with muscular arms, dark hair, and dark eyes. His lips were pursed, his jaw tight and his brow creased. His expression told me he didn’t like women sitting in on matters of “importance,” let alone daring to ask a question during a meeting, but I wasn’t going to let that intimidate me. I was already in pretty deep—there was no sense stopping now. “Thank you for noticing I’m a woman, but I’m not leaving, so get over yourself. My ears are not delicate, and your words will not shock me.” I looked back at Thomas. “My answer, please.”
“Since before you were born, my lady,” he smiled and suppressed a laugh.
I slowly shook my head at him. “Please do not call me that. My name is Aubrey or you may call me Bree. Are you comfortable with them? Will our conversation remain between our two clans?” 
“How dare you question our loyalty to the head of our clan,” demanded another of his clansmen.
I felt Rick and Billy tense, Steven repositioned himself in his seat, blocking me into the table for my protection, and Bradley’s hand moved to my waist so he could grab me and hustle me away if the threat became too great. I watched the same scenario begin to play out at the other table. Thomas’ clan was vying for position just in case the threat level rose too high. 
I looked at each of my men, smiled at Thomas, then looked at his clansman that had taken offense to my question. He was a tall man. His shirt was tight against his chest and arm muscles. The paleness of his skin gave him a mocha complexion and he wore his hair in a tight Afro. His brow was creased, and his lip twitched. Yes, he gave a very menacing appearance. 
“I meant no disrespect. I merely asked, as I am sure your leader would have asked if he were in my position. Should the wrong people find out about the conversation we are about to have, it would not bode well for your clan, or ours.”
“They are extremely loyal to me, my…Aubrey,” Thomas said.
“I want you all to calm yourselves.” I said looking at everyone. “We are not enemies sitting at these two tables. Now…Rick, do you have any questions you wish to ask?”
Rick gave me an odd look, then glanced at Bradley and then back at me before he turned his attention to Thomas and his clan. “Greg, when did these new members come to your clan? I don’t remember you taking any members during the Gathering.”
Evidently, Greg was important in this clan since Rick directed his question to him and not Thomas. He was tall and muscular, but very pale—and that, coupled with his blond hair and light gray eyes—gave him a ghostly appearance. 
“We didn’t select them at the Gathering. They came to us afterward, during our hunt. Most unusual, but since we hadn’t found any at the Gathering that suited our taste,” he looked at me, and smiled, “we listened to their request. You must agree, to have made such a request after the appointed time and during our bonding hunt took—some balls.” He cleared his throat and searched his vocabulary before he spoke again, and a small smile creased his lips as he carefully spoke so as not to embarrass me. “Their females were most enjoyable during the hunt, they fit in well with us. We are vetting them in the proper manner. Our females are happy with the selection. We can take theirs any time we wish. As I said, they are fitting in well.” His smile broadened and he looked at me, happy he had accomplished his task, “I hope I didn’t embarrass you.”
“Not to worry, sailor, ya didn’t,” I smiled. “May I ask a question, or is it forbidden for a woman to speak?” I looked around Steven at the clansman who had thought I should leave.
Bradley growled. “Ask your question, Bree.”
“What made you accept them? I mean, surely they had some redeeming quality you were looking for, other than the fact that you found them enjoyable for sex? Or were you just surprised they’d had the gumption to ask and figured they would fit in?”
Thomas laughed. “Aubrey, you are unfamiliar with our ways. We have specific times to select potential members. We would have been within our rights to kill them for interrupting our hunt.”
“Yes, I am unfamiliar with your ways, that’s why I asked. Now I will ask, why then didn’t you kill them? What stopped you from doing just that?”
“Good point,” Rick said, “why didn’t you? I know your clan. You don’t like it when others interrupt you during your rituals, and you are protective of your females. I can’t imagine you would just let anyone,” Rick looked at me and smiled, “enjoy your females without a thorough vetting.”
Greg looked at Thomas, and I think it just dawned on them they may have let something into their clan that might prove harmful to them, because they couldn’t explain to us, let alone themselves, why they’d accepted them.
“You may not want to let on you are aware of this, Thomas,” Billy advised, “but it sounds to me like you have a little witchcraft going on, and we all know who the witch is.”
“Why do you say that, Billy?” 
“Because, Half Pint, Thomas’ clan is legendary. Unless you have a death wish, you wouldn’t try to join them the way their new members did. Greg, I can’t imagine you not questioning it, nor you Thomas. Somehow, someone worked a spell on you.”
“Well, what about you? When did you let your two new ones in?” Greg challenged. “You didn’t take anyone at the Gathering.”
“No, you’re correct there. We had been working on them for a while. We knew Bree would be joining us, and one of our females thought it would be a good idea to find this particular female. Since she and Bree had been close growing up, they thought Bree might be more accepting with some of our,” Steven smiled at me before he continued, “issues, if we had someone in our clan she was comfortable with.”
I looked at Steven, then Rick. I found the use of the word “female” unsettling. Why did they call them that? It seemed so derogatory. What was the matter with the word “woman,” or “mate,” or “spouse,” or just their name for heaven’s sake? I wasn’t going to point this out—not here anyway. I’d do that in private. I was out numbered, and I wasn’t going to get on a soapbox to a group of chauvinists. 
“Have you always been with Esmeralda?” I asked Thomas. I had a strong feeling my clan was not going to be very forthcoming with information to a clan of Traditionals they’d prefer I stay away from. 
“No, she contacted me the first time after you were born. I wasn’t interested.” 
“But then… she made you an offer you just couldn’t resist,” I said.
He stared at me for a moment with a stunned look, then clenched his jaws and looked away from me. “Yes…she did.”
“Thomas,” I said in a whispered tone. “I know she wants me dead, but I’m afraid that will not happen by your hand or by any others’.” He looked at me. “It would seem your mistress doesn’t trust you. Would you not agree?”
“I have given her no such reason to mistrust me, Aubrey,” he boasted. 
“She is not someone to play with, Thomas. I said earlier you play a very dangerous game, and I meant that.”
He tipped his head in acknowledgment. “I appreciate your concern. However, you needn’t worry. My clan is strong.”
I nodded as I studied his men, and then I looked back to him and said, “When all is said and done, it doesn’t matter how strong a clan is, it’s who comes out on top, and my dear Thomas, that will be me.”
It would seem I unnerved him with my comment. His men shifted in their chairs as they, too, became uncomfortable with my assessment of their situation.
I smiled a little coyly. “Your mistress has used you. She does not trust anyone other than herself and her demons. If you thought she would spare you in the end—or spare your clan—you should rethink that. When you go to her tonight and tell her all that you have seen, she will not believe your story. But soon, she will be forced to believe and fear me, and that puts you and your clan at great risk.” I let my words simmer in their thoughts as I took a sip of my wine and then lowered the glass to the table, keeping my eyes focused on it. “Her decisions will not be thought through, and that will be dangerous to you because you were so sure you could have avoided this day.” I looked at him and smiled. “Know you could not have prevented my arrival. I don’t want you or your clan caught in the middle. She will require much of you soon, because she will panic. My strength grows daily and my will is strong, and very soon she will see.” 
He looked at my clan with a questioning expression and I heard all the confused thoughts of his men wondering how I knew what I knew and why my men were allowing me so much freedom in this meeting. My men projected an air of confidence and their thoughts were silent…so I knew I was in trouble. However, I couldn’t let that stop me. This meeting, this place, was the catalyst needed to begin my journey. 
“I will continue to play along with your ruse,” I paused and raised a finger, “to a point, but know I can be just as steadfast in my resolve, and my bark will not be worse that my bite. You have stayed too long. I gave you the information she needed, now go and give it to her.” 
Thomas nodded, stood and turned toward his men, but before he said anything, I gave him another warning, “Mark my words, Thomas, she will replace you. Her Dark Creatures have reported to her.” I pointed my finger at him, “we are not your enemy. I would not mention to her we had a friendly conversation…or that you suspect traitors in your clan. And Thomas, you need to drink more because your body has weakened from this game you are playing.” 
“I’ll keep that in mind.” He cleared his throat and looked back at his men, then I saw his brow crease. “Ah, Greg, we may want to head this problem off. We have just had a delightful conversation, why spoil the night?” 
I looked toward the bar and saw Jared coming toward us. “Surely, Greg, you don’t let him touch your women?” I smiled the question.
Greg looked at me, then at the male members of my clan and I felt a strong sense of sadness. “No…ah…”
“You may call me by my name.”
“No, Aubrey. He’s not someone we let close to our women.” He selected two men, and when they went to intercept Jared, Thomas and the rest vanished, leaving me to face my men.
“Well, that turned out better than I thought it would,” I smiled as I looked around the table. They, on the other hand, were not smiling back at me, so I waited for what I knew was coming, and I didn’t have to wait long. 
“Bree, tell me, what the hell were you thinking?” Billy asked. 
“Which time?” I asked, and knew immediately that I shouldn’t have.
“We are their enemy. Don’t you understand that? They are your enemy. They want you dead—she wants you dead. Hell, half of the fucking Council wants you dead. We have spent the last thirty-two years keeping you safe, and you sit here and tell them we are not their enemy? Well, yes, the hell we are.” Billy stopped talking, sat back in his chair for a long moment, then leaned forward, and started scolding me again. “You gave him way too much information. Hell, we didn’t even know half of what you said. No, let me correct myself…we didn’t know any of it. What are we going to do with you? Did you not see how many members are in his clan? He came prepared. Your entire clan could have been wiped out tonight, just so you could prove he had no power over you. That’s just a little selfish, don’t you think?”
We hadn’t talked a lot about my transformation in the many hours that had passed since Bradley had taken my blood and the faint green smoke had appeared. This was part of my life too, and they were going to have to deal with me doing it. If I wanted them to believe I had a chance to survive, then I had to take Billy’s comments on. I stood up and faced all four of them. 
“I know you are going to find this hard to believe, but they are not our enemy. Yes, you have kept me safe for thirty-two years, and I do appreciate that fact, but Billy, you have not been keeping me safe from them. I have a feeling you have always been on the same side. I never would have let the others of our clan leave this table if I didn’t believe that. And I would never put my clan in jeopardy to prove my powers. You should know better than to even suggest that! I gave the appropriate amount of information I intended to give and nothing more. It will get back to the correct person, I’m certain of that. I know things now. I have told you repeatedly—I have the knowledge of the old ones, I have their guidance—but you don’t hear me.”
“Just how do you know it isn’t a trick? How do you know you aren’t playing into their hands? You are so young and so very naive,” Billy scolded.
“He is right about that. It may have been irresponsible on your part to give away as much as you did,” Bradley pointed out. “How do you know you aren’t falling into their trap? You are very new to this life and I fear we gave you too much leeway during that meeting.”
Now that made me mad and I rounded on him. “There’s a five letter word my clan needs to learn. It’s a simple word really, but it requires much courage and I fear my clan does not have the courage to use it. My path is more complex than any of you realize. There is a part of this path that none of you can help me with, because I’m the only one that can do it. I know I will have to go up against Esmeralda…”
“What is your word, Aubrey?” Bradley asked.
“Trust…the word is 'trust,' Bradley. Like I said, it’s a simple word, but it takes a great amount of courage to use it properly. If I am going to succeed in this, I need you all to trust my judgment. There is more at stake than you know.” I jerked a glance at Billy. “I am going to do things that will test your blood pressure, but you are going to have to trust I know what I am doing. That’s a big leap of faith for you, for all of you. If you can’t let me do what I need to do, we might as well stop right now and let the other side win—let those of the dark win. I would like to believe that the people sitting at this table believe in and trust me. I would like to believe that my mate, and my Alpha mate, believes in me. I not only have to be a leader in our clan, but I also have this to deal with. My life didn’t stop because I became a leader with you, Bradley. You have thrown a lot of curve balls at me today, and I’m handling them. I don’t see that working both ways. I would like to believe my families do not think I will fail, because if they do, then why go through all of this? Why waste our time? If you are just letting me have a good time before the lights go out permanently, then don’t bother. I don’t need that kind of help. I will go it alone.”
Bradley stood up and the other three leaned back in their chairs and remained quiet. 
Mom and Dad are fighting now children, I mused. 
“You are correct. There is a lot at stake that we don’t know about, because you refuse to take us into your confidence. The word ‘trust’ works both ways.” He threw his napkin down on the table, but his eyes did not leave mine.
“Yes, it does, and I have given all of you my trust,” I said. All the events of the day came gushing forth, and my human side was clearly visible. We stood so close I didn’t need to shout. “I trust everything you have told me I need to do, but I have received nothing back from you. You’ve kept your secrets from me for fear I can’t handle them—giving me information in small doses—what you feel I need to know and when you feel I should know it. You expect me to trust you, and I do. I have done everything that you have asked of me, even when it goes against every fiber of my being. I have not once asked any of you to change.”
I moved my chair out of the way and turned to leave. 
“Where do you think you’re going?” Bradley asked tersely.
“It’s late. I’m going to bed.” 
“Well, then we will take you to your room. Sometimes you are such a stubborn child,” he said.
“We are just trying to look out for you, Little One,” Rick smiled, stupidly trying to make the situation better.
I turned and looked at all of them. I was royally mad now at their treatment, but I spoke in as calm a manner as I could muster. “I do not wish to be escorted to my room. I am not a child, nor am I your ‘Little One.’ Goodnight.” I turned and stomped away.
Chapter 28


I stood in my room staring out the window at the skyline. I was right, it looked much better at night. The darkness hid all the flaws that were visible during the day. Even though it was dark, the lights of the city burned my eyes as they watered with my tears. For the first time in the last two days my headache was back, and I was hot and miserable. My neck muscles tensed, and that made my back hurt. I just wanted all of this to go away. 
I had spoken badly to them. I hadn’t meant to, but the words just kept coming out of my mouth. I’d told them all to go away, that I would do this on my own. I knew I couldn’t, but I was getting tired of the whole mess. It seemed like a cloud was constantly hanging over my head and no matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t get it to go away. Every time I thought I had a handle on things, something else happened. My instinct to survive was growing stronger, but the stronger it got, the more alone I felt. 
I had no one I could talk to about the confusion in my head, the feelings I was experiencing, my deep love for Steven, and now my love for Bradley. I couldn’t talk with my mother about it. I was certain she would not understand. Maybe I could talk with my grandmother. She said she would help me understand this life. Gina and I were close, but she would feel the need to tell Billy. I didn’t have a close friend I could talk with anymore. I truly felt so alone, and now I had told my clan to leave me alone as well. Damn, I just wanted the whirling in my head to stop. I needed a break, but I wouldn’t get one. What was I thinking? This had better be worth it. I closed the blinds, leaving the darkness outside, and went to change my clothes, turning lights on along the way.
The hour was late and I needed to sleep, but I let my mind wander through the hotel, looking for them. I knew where they were, all of them, including my grandmother. My mind floated into the pub and watched them from a distance. 
Sandy seemed angry with Rick as he sat quietly watching Gran wag her finger at Steven and Bradley. Both of them sat with their arms folded across their chests, listening to the point she made. Gina said something to Billy. He looked unhappy. They all looked unhappy. I was making their lives miserable. Madalyn sat between Steven and Bradley. That’s where I sat. Steven doesn’t have his arm around her though—that’s encouraging. My world was slipping through my fingers, and I didn’t know how to stop the slide. 
Bree, you’re starting to feel sorry for yourself again, Odessa whispered in my thoughts. Her voice comforted me and I realized I was not truly alone. 
You did what you needed to do this evening.
So you say. I could have stayed quiet and let them…
No, Chosen One. I’m afraid your path will not allow others to speak for you. 
Yeah, well…look where that got me. 
Maybe you should listen to the conversation. I think you may be surprised. 
Eavesdropping gets you into trouble…has Yellowstone slipped your memory?
You wouldn’t be entering their thoughts. 
Reluctantly, my mind floated over, sat at the table next to them, and listened to my grandmother’s stern words of reprimand to the male members of my clan, with Gina and Sandy’s help.
***
“William James, I can’t believe you called her selfish. What in blue blazes were you thinking? And you Bradley—calling her a child? My Lord, man, could a child take on everything that we are asking her to do? Richard, there is a time and a place to call her your ‘Little One,’ and this was neither. Steven, you couldn’t even bring yourself to stand up for her. You had all better get your priorities in order or you just might find yourself without her, and I for one would not blame her in the least. I wouldn’t blame her if she was upstairs packing right this very minute.” 
I could tell by the red blotches on her neck and face she was mad. Sandy punched Rick in the arm, but she only managed to hurt her hand. Gina wouldn’t let Billy place his arm around her, and he looked lost.
My grandmother continued with her chastising. “She has accepted everything you four have told her, and yet she hasn’t walked away from her responsibilities to you or to your clan, or to her family. Everything you are telling her goes against everything she has grown up with, but she trusts you. She knows you wouldn’t lie to her. You’re worried about leaving your clan vulnerable…I left because I knew if she was pressed, she would have been able to wipe out his entire clan. You were not in any danger. She doesn’t know what she can do yet, but she is stronger than I am.”
“Gran, she’s still human. She can’t possibly be stronger than you yet,” Billy disagreed, which was not a wise move on his part. Gina punched his shoulder, but he didn’t pay any attention to it. I‘m sure he didn’t even feel it.
My grandmother drew a deep breath and exhaled slowly. She folded her hand in front of her and in a calm, controlled voice said, “William, you have watched her. You have felt her strength. I am telling you right here and now, if someone she loves was being threatened, I pity the individual in her path. The problem you four are having is that you can’t dominate her like you can these three.” She motioned to Madalyn, Sandy, and Gina. Sandy and Gina smiled, but Madalyn continued to sulk. 
I could tell by the way she straightened her shoulders that my grandmother knew that last statement had gotten their attention, and she continued. “You have been so long without the female counterpart of Brad, you don’t know how to handle it. Now you have one, and a very strong one I might add. You four don’t know what a prize you have here, but I can tell you Thomas does.” She pointed her finger at Steven and Bradley. “I can tell you the Council does. Why do you think everyone wants her dead? Yet, you four sit down here sulking, leaving her alone in her room, treating her like a child.” 
She looked at each one of them, making them meet her gaze, and I felt sorry for them. There was a time or two I had been on the other end of her lectures growing up, and I knew how uncomfortable they could be. 
“I know my granddaughter, and I can tell you right now what’s going through her head. She’s sure if she hadn’t come here, your lives would be much better off. She wouldn’t have upset your applecart, Madalyn.” Gran’s gaze was piercing. “You and Steven could have your times together with no problems. Now you’re limited, and that makes you mad. You can’t have both Steven and Brad to yourself—and Steven, you would be free to date whoever you wanted and have them at any time. A carefree life, is that what you would like?” She didn’t wait for an answer, I’m sure she knew him better than that, but she’d made her point. “And Brad, you could continue to lead your clan the way you want and not have to talk with her about anything, not have to explain yourself.” She settled herself a little more in her chair. Her eyes were watering. “Richard, you and William would continue being the protectors of the clan. Everyone would continue to do as you say, hunt where you say, live, work, and study where you two deem safe, but this little human came along. This short little shit, as you like to call her, Richard, and she questions you. She makes you think about things, and none of you like it.”
“Mildred, you know that’s not true,” Bradley said. “We have waited for her to join us. We have planned for this day for so long. Steven has done everything asked of him by her family and he has suffered the most for it. Your judgment of us is unfair.”
“Is it? Then why are the four of you sitting here? Why are you punishing her?” Gran asked.
***
I think I’ve listened long enough, Odessa. As my thoughts came back to me, I moved to the center of my bed and placed the pillows all around me. I was familiar with this. I knew Steven wouldn’t be back tonight, not after his tongue-lashing from Gran. I’d be lucky if he talked to me tomorrow. Even though it had only been two days, I had gotten used to having everyone around and having Steven lying next to me. Now my room was quiet, and I didn’t like that. So, I thought about my iPod. I concentrated on it, and it came to me. I stayed on my back and stared at the ceiling. With my earbuds in, I listened to my music and planned for the next day. 
Chapter 29


The dream came again. I walked the passageway toward the magic chamber, and when I heard their voices. My dreamed thoughts told me this was important and I needed to hurry, so I quickened my pace. I rounded the last bend and saw them standing at a table. I floated into a corner and listened.
***
“What news do you bring me? How strong has she become?” Esmeralda asked as she perused a large book that sat on the table.
“I was unable to seduce her, my lady. Her powers grow even though she is still human. She is very strong.”
“Good,” she smiled an evil smile. “Still human but her magic grows, that’s where I need her to be.” Then she laughed. “It doesn’t matter. Friday will be her last day with her family. We will bring her here.” She held a determined look in her eyes as she fanned the pages of the book.
His brow creased as he watched her. “I don’t think that is a wise move, my lady. Having her stand before the Council…she may change some minds.” 
She laughed. “Does she fascinate you?” she asked nonchalantly.
He shuffled in his stance. 
“Ah, she does fascinate you. Now I understand…she has you under her spell as well as her clan. Yes, everyone loves her, the Chosen One. Sweet, desirable Bree.” She slammed her hand down on the table and glared at him. “I do not love her, Thomas. Do you understand that? I want her dead, and if you do not want to bring her to me, I will bring in those that can. Am I making myself clear?” 
“Yes my lady, perfectly,” he answered and bowed his head.
She stared at him for a long moment, then turned her attention back to the book. “Tell me, was she in any pain this evening?” she questioned. 
He slowly raised his head and stiffly turned to face her. “I noticed just the tiniest amount of discomfort. I think she said she had a headache. Nothing more.”
“Really? Nothing more—just a headache? She didn’t appear to be in any other pain?” she asked again.
He gave a slight nod of his head and shrugged a shoulder as he said in a matter-of-fact tone, “Well, there were her theatrics. I think she did this so we would even the playing field. I went with a large contingent of my clan and they are a small clan…I think she was trying to even the odds. I can tell you their leader wasn’t happy when she requested he send her grandmother away with the rest of the females. She probably received a good scolding for that. Her clan will learn not to let females negotiate, especially the inexperienced ones.” 
“Theatrics? So you do not think she was in any pain then, it was all theatrics?” she asked again. 
“I was there, Essie. Were you?” he asked, raising an eyebrow to her. 
“No, Thomas, I was not there. You can rest easy.” 
“Are you having me followed? Do you no longer trust your loyal servant?” He moved closer and wrapped his arm around her waist. “Essie, have I ever given you reason to doubt me?” He nudged her neck with his nose. “You should know better.” He nipped at her ear, and she shivered. Her anger softened as she took his face in her hand, pressing her lips hard to his.
When their kiss ended, he smiled knowing he had reassured his mistress of his loyalty. “What is all of this? What do you seek, my lady?” he asked and motioned to the large book in front of her.
“Something to make your job a little easier. We can break her. Her human side is strong, but she will not take to their ways. She already struggles with it, and that will weaken her. Then, my Thomas, she will fall to you, and you will bring her to me. I have a great need for some of her...blood. I want her heart beating in my hands when I rip it from her body.”
“You promised her blood to my clan.”
She stopped her searching and turned toward him. She smiled and slowly ran her nailed finger along his jaw. “I only need a little. I never promised her heart to you, though.” Her laugh dripped with hatred. “No, I never promised you that.” Her finger smoothed across his lips and she winked at him, then went back to searching through her book.
“Tell me what you seek, Essie.” 
“Oh, just a little spell to help bring her down. They need to bond a little sooner, my love, and this human child will not stand for it. Ah, this looks promising.” She ran her finger along the page, and went to collect the needed ingredients, bringing them back to the table. As she mixed and stirred the potion, she whispered the words of the spell to herself, and small wisps of smoke rose in the air. Finally, she closed the book, and smiled satisfactorily. She leaned against the table and announced, “I have strengthened the process. They will now need to bond soon, or she will die. We still have time my love. Let the spell work, you will see.” She gently cupped her hands to his face, pulling him toward her for another kiss. “Now my love, it is time for you to please me.” 
He scooped her up in his arms and they left the room.
***
I walked back up the passageway, past the four cells I had seen before, as I made my way toward a small pinhole of light in the distance. I needed to know how to gain access to this place. It was important, that much I knew. I filed all the twists and turns in my mind as I saw the pinhole of light getting larger. I quickened my pace and exited the passage. The air was cold and the sky bright. Prairie lands were before me and mountains were in the distance. It was familiar to me and I knew I had been here before. I turned to reenter the passageway and my vision changed.
***
As before, I sat at the picnic table and the Clark’s Jay flew down to greet me. I had a slice of bread in my hand, and was tearing it into pieces. “I promised to bring you something the last time I was here,” I said.
“Yes, you did, and you have kept your promise. You always keep your promises, don’t you, Chosen One?”
“I try. I may not always succeed, but I do try.”
The Clark’s Jay flew to a rock by the water’s edge. “Come and look into the water, and tell me what you see.”
I went to the river and looked into the clear water of the Firehole River. I saw the rocks in the water, and fish, and moss. Then I saw nothing but a smooth surface—and images appeared. The landscape was foreign to me, but my mind knew this place, and I told the jay what I saw. 
“This was one of their worlds, Zamora…this is where it all began. They did not always walk your Earth. This was a parallel world to yours. They came through a cosmic portal many hundreds of thousands of years ago. They had destroyed that world and many others, through their wars. What else do you see?” the jay asked.
I looked again and saw a battle unfold. From high atop a hill I saw fire bolts fly from the hands of men and women toward the creatures at the bottom of the hill. Spells hurled back and forth, and screams and cries echoed through the lands as they fell upon their victims. The sky turned gray as clouds formed overhead. 
Giants came running from the trees and grabbed whoever and whatever was in their path. Body parts and blood flew in all directions. They picked up large boulders and threw them at those they couldn’t catch, smashing them into the soft dirt.
I saw others eating the flesh of their victims and drinking their blood. The wildness of these creatures sent shivers through my body. I knew they were vampires. I saw the blood drip from their mouths as they gorged themselves on the flesh and blood of the fallen. I watched as they chased the weakened ones. I heard their victims scream as sharp teeth sank into them. I observed them as they continued eating—their victims struggling to free themselves from their talons— and I witnessed each victim die a slow and painful death.
I studied a group of fair-skinned creatures as they moved, with lightning speed, through the carnage. They hurtled their arrows toward the group on the hill, and at the giants. The arrows bound their targets in golden ropes and crushed them. 
I saw sparkling balls of light floating all around, and when a light was close to a victim, they would fall and die. The pain must have been great, as the screams hurt my ears and I had to cover them to drown out the sound. 
Lightning flashed, and the sound of thunder was so intense it overwhelmed me. I kept my hands over my ears, but their cries penetrated my mind. I fell to my knees and begged the visions to stop, but I could not take my eyes off the water. 
Tears streamed down my cheeks as I continued to watch and learn, and when I saw the faces of the dead and dying, their cries tore at my heart. I heard the laughter from the monsters as they continued with their assaults. 
Then the sky split and the group from the hills flew into it. The flesh eaters followed, as did all the others that were still standing and fighting. They all fled to the jagged opening and when they were gone, a bright flash covered the spot I’d been watching…and I knew that world had exploded into millions of pieces and was no more. 
The image in the river vanished, and I was looking into the Firehole River again. The water rippled, then became as smooth as glass and I saw another image appear. 
We were now in a valley filled with wildflowers, boulders, and trees, but I saw no one. I waited, and slowly one person from each of the groups that had flown through the torn fabric that bound our two worlds together appeared. They met in a circle of stones on the ground and I listened.
“Zamora is gone, we have destroyed it. Do we dare destroy this new land we have come to?” asked a gray bearded man. He was very tall, and thin, and very old. The beard was well past his waist, and he carried a staff adorned with diamonds, emeralds, and rubies. The crown of the staff held a purple crystal that sparkled. His robes were gray, and he wore a white sash around his waist. “We need to live in peace, and we need to agree on this today.” He pointed his finger at each one of them. “This world is our last hope. It will contain many who are not as we are, but here we must remain. My race does not wish war with you. We need you, each of you, and you need us as well if we are all to survive.” 
Another man spoke. He too was tall, thin, and pale. He wore a black cloak and his hair was shiny and black. “We wish to be left alone as well. Our numbers are few now. We must grow our clans. We have tasted the blood from this world and it is good. We wish to remain and live in peace. We have no qualms with you, but we took you at your word before, and you have turned on us. You wish to end our existence. Why should we trust any of you now?” 
The tallest man of the group spoke. He was a giant, I was certain of that. “We will go to the far reaches of this world and make our homes in the tallest of mountains. We no longer want to war with you. Through our arrogance, we destroyed our world. We wish to live in peace.” 
The tall bearded man spoke again, and I assumed he was a wizard. “We can forge an alliance with each group. This alliance can govern our races to ensure we do not overreach. We cannot destroy this world as we have destroyed so many before. This is our last hope. There will be many people of this world and we can live among them peacefully.” He turned to the vampire. “Take the blood as you need, but do not take the blood of the magicals. Grow your clans as you need, but not of the magicals, unless they desire it so.” 
He looked to the giant. “Take your people to the mountains and live in peace, but join our alliance. Each group needs to select a member to sit on this Council and together we will build our races to coexist with the creatures that were here before us. We will meet again on the next full moon to seal our bond.” 
Another large man spoke. He had a dark complexion, stood straight, his hair was long, and he wore little clothing. “The full moon causes my kind problems on this world. Our bodies revert to our ancestors’ ways. Maybe a crescent moon would allow us to attend as well…unless that is your intent, to keep us out,” he questioned suspiciously.
The bearded man smiled a friendly smile. “A crescent moon will suffice.” 
Then they vanished and I was able to see the rocks, fish and moss in the river again.
I turned to look at the Clark’s Jay. “Is this how it began? They were not of this world originally?”
“It is their story, many hundreds of thousands of years ago. This is their world as well as yours, child. Both realms need to exist here to keep the balance.”
“Okay…so why am I here? Why are you showing me this?”
“To keep the balance and save this world. There have been leaders of both realms that have tried to dominate, but a Chosen One has always corrected the balance. Now there are those in the magical realm who want to dominate once again. They have grown tired of their peaceful existence and want to revert to the old ways. You must stop them before they destroy this world as they have destroyed others. They need the balance of the human realm to temper their own. They do not understand this or believe this, but they cannot dominate this world, they cannot destroy the human realm, because in doing so, they will destroy themselves. There is no other world they can escape to—the portal will not come again to take them to safety. They have used all of their chances. Now it will only allow others to enter. This is how the demons enter. We have destroyed many demons, but many still exist. 
“This is your path, my child. You must destroy the cosmic portals that allow the demons to enter, and there are many. You must destroy the demons that are here. There are still many that cause leaders from both realms to sway to the bad, to the dark—to be evil. She protects a demon. You must start there. Your path is very dangerous, my child. If you fail, this world will end.”
The Clark’s Jay flew to the trees and I was alone. “I am only one person and I am very young. Why have you put so much on me?” I called to the jay, but received no answer.
Chapter 30


I became aware of a presence in my room. I still had by my pillow fortress around me and I felt protected, but nervously I cracked one eye open. I noticed my bedroom door was ajar just enough to allow the light from the living room to filter in, and I saw my four men standing at the foot of my bed. Once they noticed I was awake, Steven came around the bed to my side and the others left the room, closing the door behind them.
Now I was worried. I had totally messed everything up, and this was where Steven was going to end it. Madalyn had been right all along. Fifteen years was a very long time. I would be on my own. I was getting what I had asked for, and I had no one to blame but myself. 
My eyes followed him until he sat on the bed. I could still hear the tone he had for me, and that comforted me some, but the longer he went without speaking the comfort lessened, and when he turned his gaze from me, my heart sank. 
I could see the outline of his face and I feared that would be the last silhouette I would remember him by. I would not hold him to his promise to bond to me. I couldn’t bear that. I was sure I would never see any of them again after today, and I wondered if that would include Billy as well. Had I even lost my cousin?
He reached and turned the light on low, and I saw the hurt look on his face, and that tugged painfully on my heart, causing my anxiety to rise. My heartbeat increased and my face flushed quickly from the blood that rushed to my head as I readied myself for his goodbye. 
“Bree,” his voice was low, and sounded so sad. “I don’t want you to leave.”
I had braced for the worst, but that hadn’t come. I hadn’t any idea what he was talking about, and then I remembered Gran’s words to them. I didn’t understand what would have caused him to say that. I was still here in Vegas, a place I really didn’t care for, in my bed. If I remembered correctly, I’d been sleeping. So, what had given him the impression I was leaving? 
“Steven, I’m not leaving. Why would you say such a thing?”
“Your suitcase is out and it’s packed with your clothes,” he said, motioning to the suitcase at the foot of the bed. 
I smiled when I realized what he was referring to. “Ah! Yes it is. It does have my clothes in it…and it still has yours. I haven’t unpacked since we got back from the hunting trip. If you remember correctly, I never had the chance. Things happened rather quickly when we returned.”
He exhaled softly, and the sound of relief was in that gentle flow of air. “I forgot. I’m sorry. We’ve thrown a lot at you lately. Things are being rushed, and there doesn’t seem to be anything I can do to stop it.”
I placed my hand on his. “You can’t stop it, but know I’m right where I want to be, here with you and our clan. I’m going to make missteps along the way. You’re going to make them too, as will everyone else in our clan. None of us are perfect. It’s what makes us who we are,” I said softly.
“In my mind, you are always going to be here. That’s it, permanent. Millie reminded all of us not to take that for granted. I just can’t assume you will always be here just because the prophecy said it’s so, or just because I want to believe it. I can’t assume you will always accept our ways without an explanation. You did nothing wrong. I need to apologize to you…I let you down. I screwed up and I won’t do that again. You deserve more from me than that.” He looked away. I could feel his muscles tensing, preparing for my response.
“Steven,” I removed the fortress of pillows and blankets and crawled toward his lap, “Steven, look at me.” He lowered his eyes before he turned them to meet mine. I smiled when I ran my hand gently along his jaw, and he pressed into my hand and drew a deep breath. “Please, stop beating yourself up. I don’t want that. If it makes you feel better, I accept your apology, but know you didn’t need to give me one.” I ran my hand along his shoulders, up around his neck. He grabbed me into his arms and buried his head in the crook of my neck. His body shook in release of his fear. His lips found mine, and with the gentlest of pressure, he pushed me back on the bed. His kiss filled my entire being with all his passion. My Steven was back. 
Then he stopped. “Damn, I forgot.” He sat up and looked down at me, and smiled that sexy little grin of his. “The others need to speak with you.”
“Can’t it wait until morning?” I looked up at him with a sultry smile and tried coaxing him back into my embrace.
“You don’t know how much I wished it could, but they are sitting in our living room and they each want to speak with you,” he said sheepishly.
“They’re out there now?” I drew in a deep, cleansing breath and switched gears. “Okay, let me get dressed and I’ll be right out.”
“They want to speak with you individually.”
“But if I talk with them all at once, we can get back to the matter at hand more quickly,” I pressed the issue, walking my fingers up his arm.
“Give them their time. They each need one-on-one time with you. Then I promise we will have ours.” He raised his eyebrows as he spoke his reassurance to me.
“Okay, send them in, and I will speak with each one and give them the time they need to put their hearts at rest.” 
He looked down at me lying there in my nightshirt, ran his fingertips along my legs, and smiled. “Well, maybe you should get dressed. You needn’t look this inviting to the men of your clan.” 
“Ah, good point. Bradley’s out there,” I said as I rolled to get off the bed, and headed toward the bathroom. 
“As well as Rick and Bill, my love,” he reminded me. 
***
When I finished dressing and reentered the bedroom, I saw Rick in the shadows of the sitting area of the room, patiently waiting for me, and when he saw me, I saw his smile. He stood as I neared. “Good morning, big guy.” I smiled, gave him a sweet kiss on the cheek and went to sit in the chair across from him. He continued to stand even after I sat. “What’s wrong, Rick?”
He walked the few steps to me, extended his hand for me to take, which I did. I thought he wanted to shake my hand for his apology. I thought it a little corny, but hey, he was my solider, my protector, and my Hercules. Maybe this was his way of apologizing. A handshake and all would be forgiven. “Move along now, Little One,” he would say, and all would be right with the world. I could live with that. 
I took his hand and he effortlessly pulled me to my feet, and led me to his seat and onto his lap. I moved to get up, but his hold was firm—tight but gentle—and I realized he was not about to release me from his arms. 
“Hush, Bree. I need you to sit with me and listen to what I have to say,” he said firmly. “Please,” he said in a softer voice. I gave him a slight nod, and when he was content I wouldn’t break from his embrace, he relaxed. His free hand washed over his face, he exhaled, and glanced at me out the corner of his eyes. His smile was just as bright as it had always been. 
His tone was there, deep in his chest, and he didn’t attempt to hide it. I laid the palm of my hand over his heart and felt the low vibration it made. 
I saw the familiar sparks spray when my fingers touched his skin, and my eyes widened in surprise when I felt his energy rush through my fingertips. 
He took my hand in his and raised it to his lips for a gentle kiss. His voice was low and soft. “I’m not apologizing for calling you ‘Little One.’ I have always called you that, and I always will. I use it as a term of endearment with you because I love you. I have told you how special you are to me.” 
He still held my hand in his, entwining our fingers. His thumb rubbed the back of my hand, and I watched the energy flash with each stroke of his thumb. His touch was cool, and it comforted me. I wanted him to get all of his feelings out without any interruption from me, but I knew it was hard for him. However, I remained quiet and hoped it was the correct course to take. 
“My heart broke earlier when you said you weren’t my ‘Little One.’ But then I realized you were upset, and you didn’t understand the love I have for you.” He smiled and looked down at our hands. “We haven’t done very well at preparing you for this life.” He looked back at me. “We had a meeting tonight, and we all decided we need to do a better job of it. I need to do a better job. Millie was very upset with us, said we behaved badly. You did nothing wrong—and I will say, for your first experience with a Traditional, you handled yourself exceptionally well. I could tell Thomas and Greg were very impressed with you,” he smiled. “Probably a little jealous of our clan also, if truth be told.”
He looked at me and winked. “You noticed their lead female wasn’t present. You wouldn’t care for Sylvia. I’m somewhat surprised she’s a leader in that clan anyway, but it’s their taste, I guess. Anyway, we need to be a little more trusting. It’s hard though.” He chuckled. “Oh, we trust you,” he continued, “For God’s sake, don’t misunderstand that, but, we have protected you for so long, and when you start to walk out from under the umbrella of our protection, it tends to make us a little nervous. We say things maybe we shouldn’t, speak before we think. We don’t take into account your feelings. They’re softer than the other females in our clan,” he smiled. “I like that though. I like your softness. Damn, the deeper I get into this, the harder it becomes to make you understand.”
I cupped his face in my hands and let my thumbs gently caress his cheeks. “Try. I really need to understand our relationship. I need to understand you.”
He settled himself in the chair and locked his arms around me tenderly. I smiled, not knowing if he was bracing in case I tried to bolt and run or what, but I let my muscles relax, and he relaxed. 
“We have protected you all of your life, and we are not about to start letting others get near you. I know you are aware of our rituals, the way we live, our need to show our love to others in our family…and I know you. I know it has made you nervous, that it’s not how you were raised…this isn’t fair to you.” He smiled as he watched my expression change from one of surprise, to embarrassment. “All the Chosen Ones before you were prepared for this life, and we have thrown everything at you in two days. Hell, I’m surprised you haven’t gone running. But you’re a trooper, I’ll give you that. I just want you to know I love you…I always have, and…I do want my time with you and I’ll wait until you have accepted everything, and if…you never get to that point…I can accept that too. I just don’t want you to leave.”
“I’m not going anywhere, Richard,” I said softly.
“Promise?”
“Yes,” I whispered. “We will find our way. I…don’t know what that will entail but…I know I need you in my life. My heart is calm when you are with me. I’ve felt your energy rush through me at times and,” I felt my face warm, “I liked the thrill it gives me.”
“I’m not supposed to ask, but I’m going out on a limb here. May I please kiss you?”
“Richard, you’ve kissed me before. Why do you feel you need to ask me now?”
“No Bree, I’ve greeted you. I’ve given you quick little pecks on the cheeks and lips. I’ve not kissed you—there’s a difference.”
I looked at him skeptically. “There is?” I said dryly.
“Yes, and if you will stand, I will show you.” 
He had a sexy little grin on his face when he motioned for me to stand, which I did. He stood and took my hand, pulled the footstool over with his foot so I could stand on it, giving me a little more height. Then he softly held my face in his hands, leaned in for his kiss—and, oh, hot damn, it was one heart-melting kiss. Open-mouthed, pure heat-generating kiss. He pulled me tighter to him and that one kiss lingered for several moments—at least I thought it did—I lost track of time. When he had his fill, he held me close and cleared his throat. “You should know I play dirty,” he whispered.
All I could say was, “Oh.” 
He pulled back from me. “Are you okay?” he teased.
“I’m fine,” I acknowledged. 
“Are you sure you’re okay?” he asked again, a little more tensely.
 “I’m fine,” I assured him. “But…” I bit my lip as I looked up at him.
“What, Little One?” he asked softly.
“May I have another kiss?” I wrinkled my forehead in anticipation of his answer.
“I thought you would never ask.” He smiled and pulled me to him and I felt the urgency of his advance. If he could have swallowed me whole, I think he would have. 
I pressed my hands to his chest while he held me close and I felt the tiny bursts of energy spark when my fingertips touched his skin. I ran my hands up behind his neck and held him tight. Soft sounds of delight came from deep within my soul as I hungrily drank in all he was offering me and he pressed himself harder to my lips, his sounds just as urgent as mine. Our hearts raced and thundered against our chests until I thought mine would burst through. His hands pulled my hips into him and I became aware of his desire. 
My human emotions escaped from the tiny box my magical fingers had shoved them into earlier, and began shouting their disapproval of my actions. With each soft moan I gave, the shouts became louder until finally, they won, and I begged that we stop. 
“Oh damn, stop…please…please stop, my Richard. I’m sorry,” I cried. “That was not my intent. I was going to make a joke.”
“Wh…at?” He was barely able to say. He held my head to his chest. His heartbeat and tone pounded in my ear so loud, I thought I would go deaf. “A joke? Okay.”
“You don’t understand. I was going to kiss you just as devilishly as you had kissed me, and then tell you I play just as dirty. I’m sorry…so much for my heart beating calmer when you’re near me,” I giggled.
He laughed and began swaying with me. “Aubrey Marie, I’m going to enjoy you…and you should be aware, I am going to do everything in my power to convince you to spend time with me,” he informed me. 
 “Consider me made aware,” I said. My heart had calmed enough for me to move my arms around his neck so I could look up at him. I smiled, “I’m so sorry, that was cruel.”
He flexed his eyebrows. “I’m not sorry one bit. You are now very well aware of my love for you. You hold my heart like no other.” He ran his finger over my lips. His eyes told me he wanted to kiss me again, but I knew better and I kissed his finger instead and smiled. 
“Get some rest, Squirt, I’ll see you later.” 
I was sure he spoke to the others after he vanished, because I soon heard a soft tap on the door, and when Billy poked his head in, I could tell his apology would be very painful—for both of us. Gran must have really laid into him.
I held my hand out to him. “Why so glum? You and I have had harsh words before, and we have always made up. We’re family. I could never stay mad at you for long, you know that.” I did my best to reassure him, but he wasn’t listening.
“I have never called you selfish before, Half Pint. Never. I should never have said it this time either. I know you’re not selfish.” He sat in the chair and I sat across from him and watched him. 
His body language showed me he was at a loss as to how to make this better. I got up and walked over to him, pushed him back in the chair, and sat on his lap. “Billy, talk to me. Don’t leave this hanging or we might never get past it.” 
He sat quietly, and I could tell he wasn’t sure where to begin, so I began for him. “You had so much emotion going through your head. There I was, this person you had protected all her life, this person you had held since she was a tiny baby, talking to a group of people you didn’t want her near…these people who, in your mind you had protected me from, and there I was throwing all that protection and all your love out the window. Hell, I would have been mad too. I would have said some things to hurt you, too. I know you love me more than anyone does. I promise I will never show disrespect to any of your feelings again. Will you accept my apology?” I smiled at him.
He chuckled and looked away for a moment and then looked back at me and winked. “I need to apologize to you…not the other way around,” he said quietly, and then finally he shook his head and laughed. “Damn Bree, what am I going to do with you? You are entirely too forgiving.” 
“You coming here to talk with me was apology enough. Dang, I thought I would never see you guys again. I was so scared when I saw the four of you at the foot of my bed. I thought you were all here to say goodbye. I figured Madalyn had made her point and Steven was listening to her. Shoot, I thought you were all listening to that rubbish,” I finished, realizing I might have just said more than I intended to. 
“Half Pint, you don’t have to worry about Steven listening to Madalyn. The only bond they share is the one you are aware of—nothing more. She has no pull with him. Oh, trust me, she thinks she does, but it’s all in her head. Brad listens to you when it comes to the clan, and that makes her mad, although I have no idea why. He has never asked her opinion before. You let Gina handle her. She’ll get Madalyn’s head on straight.”
“I appreciate the offer, but you tell Gina to let me handle her. I’m not as timid as I might appear at times. She and I will have our 'come to Jesus meeting' one day, but right now is not the time. She has some jealousy issues to work through, that’s all. We’ll get it sorted out.” 
He rubbed my arm as my head rested on his shoulder. “Are we okay, Half Pint? Are we solid?”
I took his hand in mine, raised it to my lips, and very delicately kissed the back of his it. “Yes Billy, you and I are very solid. You need to go spend time with Gina and stop worrying about me. I’ll see you later today, but right now, I have one more of my precious clan’s hearts to ease. Then I need to be with Steven. I don’t want to go through another night like tonight, so I am making an executive decision. Any more arguing and we talk about it then. No more of these late night therapy sessions.” I got up from his lap, but he continued holding my hand.
“You consider me and Gina part of your clan?” he asked.
“Yes, Billy, I do. Got a problem with that?” I asked, giving him another opening to talk with me. 
He just smiled. “Nope, no problem at all, and I will never stop worrying about you, so get used to it. I’ll see you later.” With a hug and a kiss, he was gone. 
Bradley was my next patient. He tapped on the door seconds after Billy left and peeked his head around the corner as it opened. He smiled and came toward me, and when he stood in front of me, he took my hands in his, and pulled me up to him for a quick hug and a kiss. “Okay, missy, I’ll make this brief,” he said. “I’m sorry. You’re not a child, and I shouldn’t have said that. What I should have said was: you are the most stubborn, beautiful young woman I know, and damn, that turns me on.” He pressed his lips to mine and I couldn’t help but laugh.
“Bradley, honestly, what kind of apology is that?” I laughed as I pulled back a little so I could look at him.
“My kind. Like it? You can’t stay mad at me. I’ll not allow it, so accept my apology, and know, I will probably do or say something in the future that will cause me to have to apologize again.” Then he handed me a black satin bag. “Open it,” he smiled. Which, of course, I did. I mean, what woman in her right mind turns down a gift from someone she loves? Inside was a beautiful silver and gold necklace with two hearts entwined. “That’s how I feel. I love you, Precious, and I truly am sorry I called you a child. I know you aren’t. You hold my heart in a way no other can. Nothing about your life is going to be simple now, and I don’t want you to ever leave us. Don’t ever leave me, Bree.” He pulled me into him for another kiss, and then when that kiss had played out he rested his forehead against mine. “Sure I have to keep that stupid promise I made?” he asked.
“Yes, Bradley, just a little while longer. I love you too, and I accept your apology, but just as I have told Steven, Rick, and Billy, you don’t need to apologize for anything. I’m just happy you aren’t leaving me,” I said. “Go get some rest and I’ll see you later,” I said as I kissed him goodnight. It was a very long kiss—I thought we were going to take root to the floor, but when he smiled before he disappeared, I had to agree it was one damn good apology.
I sat back down in the chair and waited for Steven. He came in with my traveling cloak—his was already around his shoulders. “Are we going somewhere?” I asked, suppressing a yawn as I stood.
“Yes, Princess, we are. You haven’t seen the sun come up since you’ve been here, and I remember how much you enjoy that.” He wrapped the cloak around me and pulled me to him for a soft kiss before he said, “Come on, wrap your arms around me and let me take you to my favorite spot, one that I have been saving for you. We can watch the sun rise over the mountains, and then I’ll bring you back for some much needed rest.” 
I wrapped my arms around him and looked up into his eyes, those beautiful, powerful brown eyes I so deeply adored and teased, “Can you kiss and drive at the same time?” 
“Yeah, I think I can manage that,” he whispered, and pressed his lips to mine again. When I opened my eyes, I felt the fresh morning air kiss my cheeks and a gentle breeze played with my hair. We were high in the mountains with a perfect view of a gorgeous sunrise about to begin. 
The sun was still below the next mountain, but I saw the golden rays of the early morning light rise through the purple clouds of the night, making them give way to a brilliant spectacle of colors. Steven stood behind me with his arms wrapped around me, holding my cloak closed to keep the chilled air from me. His cloaked billowed with the breeze. I felt safe in his arms, and I wondered how I could have ever thought this man would leave me? The sun crested the mountain peak, bathing us both in brilliant sunlight, and I closed my eyes and leaned back into him and let the warmth wash over us.
“I love you, Princess, and I will never leave you. Do you accept my apology now?” he whispered.
 I turned to him. “I so love you. You needn’t apologize, but yes. This is the best apology I have ever received.” We shared another kiss and were back in our room. 
“Time for you to rest. I want to take you to a show tonight, so get some sleep. I’ll be right here next to you, I promise.” He picked me up and laid me on the bed, moving alongside me. I placed my head on his chest, and he wrapped his cloak around us. I let the soft sound of his contentment lull me to a long-awaited rest. 
Chapter 31


It was nearly ten before I stirred. Steven still held me in his arms, and I knew he was awake because his hand was strumming softly up and down my arm “Good morning, Sunshine,” he whispered.
“Morning,” I mumbled. 
“Did you rest well?” 
“Yes. I always do with you near me.”
“You needed your rest, and it sounds like you could use more,” he said lightly, all traces of tension gone from his voice. My Steven was back to normal, and all was right with the world.
“Hungry?” he questioned.
“Famished.” 
“Good, we’ll meet everyone for lunch. Then I want to take you shopping. We can take a walk along the strip…get out of this hotel and let you see the sights. How does that sound?” 
“Wonderful, but I need to meet with my parents first.” 
“Why?” he asked and stopped stroking my arm. 
“I asked Gran to have them come here. We need to talk; I have questions, and they have the answers. Well, I hope they do anyway.”
“What kind of questions?” I felt his chest rise and fall with the hard breaths he was taking.
“I need to know what they were thinking…what drove them to accept the demands from my enemies.” I moved to lean on my elbow so I could look at him. “It’s funny. When I need to be in control of a situation, my mind takes over. I know things and I can talk confidently about things, but when I get that little twinge of uncertainty, when I start feeling self-conscious, my human emotions come back to the front of my mind. I need to know…”
“Don’t meet with them yet. Give yourself more time. Let everything sink in just a little longer.”
“Why? I’m afraid if I do that, my anger will increase and eventually take hold of me and I won’t be able to get past it. I need to understand so I can move on.”
“I think you understand already. You said it yourself, remember? You said you ‘couldn’t even imagine the fear they must have felt. To have something everyone thinks is so important in their charge, to ensure the safety of this individual because so many hung their hopes on this one person, and yet here I am, still breathing.’ Remember that? You keep telling us not to waste our energy harboring anger. You need to take your own advice. Don’t meet with them right now. Live your life and learn our ways. You’re part of me, part of our clan. I’m your protector now, not them. I don’t care what explanations they have. It won’t change anything, and if it’s not what you want to hear, if they can’t explain it now to your satisfaction, then what? I promise, when we go home, if you still need to talk it out with them, I will go with you.”
I looked down at him. He had his arm tucked behind his head. His other hand started rubbing my arm, which was on his chest. 
“You belong with me now. I’ll not be giving you back to your parents. We need to move beyond it, because no amount of explaining can change anything. I’ll not allow anyone to hurt you ever again.”
“So it’s settled then?” I asked.
“My darling, I have learned with you nothing is ever settled. But for now, this is.” He pulled me to his lips for a very warm, very tender kiss. “Better?”
I sighed. “I’ll do as you request, but you’re taking a big risk with my emotions.”
“I’ll take my chances,” he said as he rolled out from under my arm and went to take his shower.
As flopped back onto my back and removed any thoughts of seeing my parents from my mind, and turned my attention to the dreams I’d had the night before. They gave me an advantage, and I was not going to let that advantage go to waste. 
I rolled out of bed and started to get ready for the day. I was standing at the dresser when Odessa came into my thoughts.
How are you this morning?
“I’m fine,” I said aloud. 
You may want to talk to me through your thoughts. People might think you’re talking to yourself, she laughed.
I’ve a question. The dream I had last night—did you come through the…the gateway that opened to our world? 
No, child. I’m not that old! She laughed robustly. 
Sorry…I didn’t mean to imply…you seem to know so much…can I ask a personal question?
Of course you may. 
Do you have a mate, a spouse? Someone you love? I asked just a little embarrassed, but I was curious.
Yes, I have a special love, and I have known many others, she smiled. I could feel her smile in my soul. Is that your only question, child?
Can you explain to me how they travel? Can you teach me to do it?
No, you haven’t transformed. You can’t travel that way yet.
Odessa, I am already doing a lot I shouldn’t be able to do. Wouldn’t you agree?
That is true.
Could we at least try?
I can explain the process to you and you can try. But you do know you must continue practicing getting into others’ thoughts, don’t you? I can’t stress how important that is for you. She is shrewd, so you must be prepared. I want you to practice this constantly. You are extremely good at it, but the more you practice, the stronger you’ll become. You need to practice on your family…
Oh no! That’s just not right. That is very rude, and the last time…well, we both know where that got me, I stammered.
Lives depend on you being able to do this. You need to keep your mind blocked from others, even when you receive information that…unnerves you. Do you remember how easy it was for Madalyn to gain access to your thoughts in Yellowstone? You had let your guard down. You must master that. You will need to be able to sneak into Esmeralda’s mind in order to find things out, and you can’t let her know you can do this. She is very good at hearing others’ thoughts without them knowing she is in their minds, and she knows when uninvited guests try to enter hers. You do not need to listen to your family’s intimate thoughts. Just start a conversation and listen to those thoughts. It is much more difficult to hear the thoughts of magicals than it is to hear those of humans. You need to practice.
Okay, but not with Steven or Bradley.
Yes, especially with Steven and Bradley. You have an emotional tie with both of them. They will be the hardest for you to master.
Okay, okay, I will practice on them—but later. Right now, I want to talk about traveling.
They are correct…you are stubborn. Use that to your advantage, she laughed. Traveling is simple for us, really. We place the thought of where we want to be in our minds, and then we fold space inwardly, toward ourselves. As space starts to fold, we flow into it. You will move slowly at first. The better you get at it, the faster you will travel. Then it will look like you just vanish into nothingness and appear out of thin air. Let’s try a short distance, from here to the living room. Envision the living room in your mind. Now fold yourself to it.
I did as instructed and envisioned pulling myself to the room. Nothing. Aren’t there any magical words you use?
No, we just start folding space. Try again. You want to fold space, not pull yourself along as you would with a rope.
I closed my eyes and envisioned the living room again, then remembered what it looked like when Steven folded space on our trip to and from Yellowstone. I saw it the same way. Then the next thing I knew I was flat on my back. I had run into the door.
Excellent! You should not be able to do this yet, Odessa cheered. Ah, here’s a thought…keep your eyes open next time, she laughed.
I was still flat on my back, rubbing my head when Steven came out of the bathroom. “Bree, are you all right?” he asked as came to help me up. “What happened?”
“Nothing…it’s stupid really. I was thinking about something and I wasn’t paying attention to where I was walking. Walked smack dab into the door.” I smiled. I hadn’t lied, I had been thinking of something, and I had hit the door. Odessa, did I really do it? Oh my God, that was so cool!
Yes, you moved a short distance. Now…don’t forget your promise, she said before she left my thoughts. 
“Are you sure you’re okay?” he asked again.
“Yeah, trust me. By the time I’m ready, the bruise and bump will be gone. Quick healer, remember?” 
“Go take your shower. I’ll let everyone know we’ll meet them at Casey’s in thirty minutes.” 
“Sure you want to go out in public with me? We haven’t been outside the hotel, except for Yellowstone, since we’ve been here. Now you want to take me along the strip. What’s gotten into you?” 
“Yes, I’m sure. I can’t keep you tucked away forever. Well, I could, but that wouldn’t be much fun for you, and I don’t think you would stand for it. We’ll take it slow, but please do me one favor. There are a gazillion people here, so stay close. Don’t go wandering off on your own. Got it?” 
“Got it. Now let me go get ready so we can eat. I’m starving.” I smiled and kissed his cheek, then went to get ready.
Chapter 32


It only took me the short distance from our hotel to the restaurant to make up my mind—I wanted to stay in or visit small communities. There were too many people, too many variables in Vegas, and I didn’t like it when my clan was tense. Steven was quiet and alert the entire walk to Casey’s Bar and Grill
Casey’s looked like an old, wrecked pirate’s ship. You entered through a large hole in the side. Family seating was on the main floor, and the staff were all dressed as pirates, British sailors, or some other seafaring character to help entertain the kids. 
Our table sat next to a large, open window. The breeze felt warm for late October, and a hint of rain hung in the air. If you paid attention, you could hear the street sounds, so I stopped paying attention. Casey’s was full this time of day, and there was a mixture of magicals and humans. This will be interesting. Now that I was aware of this realm, I wanted to watch, and see for myself how unaware I’d been. 
Everyone from my clan was present, except for our two newest members. Gina, Madalyn, and Sandy greeted me with a kiss on the cheek and a hug, as did Rick, Billy, and Bradley. After everyone had taken their seats, I asked about our missing members. 
“We didn’t want them here. We don’t want them around you. Not sure what we are going to do with them at this point,” Rick said. “They need to leave.”
“Well, what can you tell me about them? How long has Ted been a vampire? Where did he come from? Can you tell me?”
Bradley began schooling me on the rules. That isn’t how they do it. If they decide they want the ones selected at the Spring Gathering in the group, they will tell you everything. However, if they decide against the selection, they won’t tell you anything. He placed his hand on my leg under the table.
What’s the harm in telling me? From the way Rick sounded, they have already made up their minds they don’t want them in the clan, and besides they didn’t select them at the Gathering, remember? 
That’s just the way it is. They don’t have to give us a reason, whether they find them at the Gathering or not. His hand moved up my thigh.
 Hey, I thought you could wait. Now behave…please, I reminded him with a giggle in my thoughts.
If you want me to wait, you are going to have to put up with this, my love. Otherwise, I will take you to my bed now. He smiled a very sensual smile in my thoughts.
The waiter interrupted our silent conversation when he brought the appetizers. I couldn’t believe how hungry I was—I almost forgot I’d asked a question.
“Why do you need to know about him?” Billy asked right as I took a bite of fried zucchini.
I covered my mouth. “I don’t know, curious I guess. I don’t see the DC around Becky, just Ted. He seems to be keeping it to himself,” I answered. 
“DC?” Rick asked with a grin on his face. “What the hell is a DC?”
“Dark Creature. I gave them a name.” I smiled back at him.
“I don’t see any problem in telling her,” Steven said. “She’s not going to let it drop anyway.” He gave me a side-glance and smiled. 
“Okay, but we have to decide what to do with them, and soon.” Rick’s eyes narrowed on me as he made his point, then grinned and said, “Ted’s been a vampire for twenty years, and he’s been with Becky the last ten. He was turned when he was twenty-three, supposedly by a group of vampires who attacked him when he was walking home one night. Something interrupted their assault, that’s why they didn’t kill him. Ted said he was left with the garbage,” Rick said, and I interrupted him.
“So you don’t believe him?” 
“Well Squirt, generally when a group attacks, they finish off their victim. If it had been a single vampire then I could see it, but he was very adamant it was a group. Oh, I imagine it’s possible, but not probable,” he said. “When he woke, he said he didn’t understand what had happened. He was hungry and very thirsty and his body burned…all of that fits. He said he heard an old drunk stumbling around, and that’s when he made his first kill.” I wrinkled my nose and made a face. Rick smiled. "Do you want me to continue? You haven’t eaten yet.”
“Yeah, I asked…just don’t get too graphic!” 
He grinned, “I’ll try my best.” Then he winked. “Ted said he hid in the sewers until his strength returned. Said he never believed in this stuff when he was alive. He was able to find others like him, and supposedly, that’s how he learned about you. 
“He stayed with a group of vampires, mostly rogues, killing on whims. He got tired of that after awhile and found another group, and they said they would accept him into their clan if he could prove his worthiness—by killing you. 
“He told us of a couple of times he had tried to kill you, but said he could never bring himself to do it. Then he found Becky, and after that he forgot all about you. He and Becky have some chemistry causing them to…well…they have the same condition as Steven and Madalyn.”
“Really?” I asked.
“Yep. We believed his story at first because everything seemed to check out, but now that we are rethinking this, we’re finding small pinholes in it; it’s all too convenient. Ted said he never saw that clan he tried to join again, and that he and Becky roamed without any direction all those years. We think there’s a good possibility he may have had plenty of direction. As for Becky, maybe she was unaware. We have some people checking all of this out, and when they get back to us we’ll know how we should proceed. If he lied, he’s dead.”
“No chance for him to explain himself? Just dead, just like that?” 
“Yes, just like that,” Steven said.
“What about Becky?” 
“Depends on what her role was or is, but she won’t be allowed to stay with us either way,” Rick said. “You okay with that?”
“I reserve the right to think about it.” 
“You can think all you like, missy, but our judgment will stand. You will need to do a very big song and dance to convince us otherwise,” Rick said. 
I looked at Steven and he asked with a grin, “Still hungry?” 
“Yeah, surprisingly I am. I think I’ll order a hamburger and fries—something decadent.”
Rick motioned for the waiter, and he brought our menus. We gave him our drink orders and the waiter turned to leave, but turned back and suggested a cranberry spiced rum drink for me. 
“No thanks, I’ll have water please.”
“Oh, I think you would really enjoy the cranberry drink. It’s a very festive drink,” he tried again.
“No, I’ll stick with water, but thank you,” I said a little stronger. 
That time he accepted my refusal and left.
Steven kept his eyes on his menu, but leaned over and said, “No matter what drink he gives you…you take mine.”
“You’ll get no argument from me,” I kissed his cheek, and he leaned back and continued viewing his menu. 
Since I already knew what I wanted, my thoughts drifted through the restaurant and zeroed in on the table next to us. From the conversation I overheard, I knew they were magicals. They were talking about the visits they had been having, the reunion and everyone they had missed during the year, and they agreed to keep better tabs on their friends. Nothing interesting in that, just empty promises they would make to themselves and break after a few tries. So I crept into the man’s mind and heard his lustful thoughts about their waitress’ breasts. The woman was fanning herself with her menu and staring dreamily toward the young man that was clearing the table next to them, and…yes, I listened to her thoughts salivate over him.
I held my head in my hands, closed my eyes, and gave a small chuckle. My God, is that all magicals think about? That question posed an interesting thought to me. I was just about to find a human couple and compare thoughts when Madalyn’s thoughts came whizzing past me, and I heard her cries to Steven. 
***
Steven, please. I am so scared, and I hurt. You two are so close. The hunt is so far away. I feel our bond slipping away the closer you two get. I’ve asked Brad for his blessing. I’ve asked him to talk to Bree. He says he can’t ask that of her. The two of you care for her so deeply, and I fear I will lose you both. I truly hurt, Steven. 
Steven’s thoughts were firm and straight to the point. I’m not feeling the burn. You are letting your insecurities control you. I’ve told you, and Brad has told you, you have nothing to worry about. And I am not going to ask her to make a concession. 
Why can’t you spend just one night with me? If Sandy or Gina wanted a night with you, you wouldn’t hesitate. Why can’t you do that for me?
Right now I would hesitate—I’ve just gotten her back in my life. I don’t want to be with anyone else right now!
***
Madalyn’s cry to Steven told me Esmeralda’s spell had settled in and was starting to work. Now my problem was, I knew Madalyn was under Esmeralda’s spell, but I couldn’t tell them I knew. They would want to know how, and then I’d have to explain because I don’t think they would believe me if I said I was psychic. I’d have to work it into our conversation and maybe Billy and Gina could counter Esmeralda’s handiwork. I was going to have to listen to everyone’s thoughts to figure out a way to work this in. 
I opened my menu to give me something to hide behind, in case I didn’t have the art of stealth in my eyes, and took a stroll through Billy’s mind. As luck would have it, he was talking with Bradley. I safely settled myself in a corner, and listened to their conversation.
***
You seem more relaxed today, Billy said.
Mind if I join in? Rick asked.
Not at all, I was just telling Brad he seems more relaxed.
Yeah, I’ve noticed that too, Rick snickered.
Well, I am. I can’t begin to tell you how happy I am now to have someone like her to lead with. She completely fills that missing link in our family, but let me tell you, sitting here with her this close—damn, it’s hard. An energy surrounds her when you’re with her. Man! It hit me hard. I mean, I was fine until yesterday, but after we consummated that bond…damn! I knew we would all be close to her, but nobody told me how close. It’s as if…I’m whole now. She is a complete part of me. There is such a sweet softness to her. She just folds and melts into your arms and you want to protect her from everything. You may think you’re in control, but you don’t even realize she’s controlling you and leading you where she wants you to go, and you don’t mind her leading you, because in the end she has all your senses pinging off the wall. I mean, I’ve been with humans before, but holy shit, not like her. You guys just be prepared that’s all I can say. No wonder Steven is so happy. He is one damn lucky man. 
What’s up with Maddie, Rick asked.
I don’t know, but her attitude is getting on my nerves. She knew about our…attachment to Bree when she joined, and she knew Steven belonged to her. She needs to get over her jealousies. Sandy and Gina don’t seem to have any problems. 
Sandy’s fine with all of this. In fact, she told me that the night we came back from Yellowstone. She said she felt an immense surge of love from Bree when she pulled her pain away…that she had never felt that kind of love from anyone before. She said it wasn’t the same as a parent’s love or that of a spouse. She said she actually felt Bree’s warmth and love for her flow through her. I think that’s the bond these women will have with her, Rick said.
Well, Gina’s always felt it. She bonded to her a long time ago, Billy said.
You guys just wait, you think you love her now, but mark my words…you just wait. Steven is one very lucky man.
Yes, I am and don’t you guys forget it. Steven laughed. Damn, I love her.
Well, barge right on in Steven, laughed Billy. 
You should have warned me, Steven. I never knew it could be that good, Bradley said. 
Now Brad, why would I want to ruin it for you? And now you have just ruined it for these two! Steven laughed.
It’s good to be back in the saddle again, isn’t it? Billy teased.
You don’t know the half of it. Did I mention how much I love this woman? Steven asked.
Yes you did, many, many times. So quit rubbing it in, Rick said.
Are you going to be okay until the Gathering, Brad? Steven laughed.
Have to be. I promised her that. Dumbest thing I ever did.
Tell me about it. I lived it for fifteen years. Every time I saw her in that moron's arms. His hands all over her…well fuck, their hands on her. Those pricks! Damn, if they ever touch her again… 
Calm down, we’ll keep them away, Billy said.
Well, we have another problem. There are three more that belong to her and we don’t have any idea who they are. We have to be very selective from now on as to who comes into this clan, Bradley said.
Yeah, but we don’t even know if they have to belong to our clan. The prophecy wasn’t very clear on that. The only clue was seven companions in her court and that she will know their hue, Rick stated.
Well I don’t want her to be familiar with anyone outside this clan, so they had better be willing to join, Steven said.
We need to rethink our rules, Bradley said. New members coming in will have to understand she is off limits to them. So you three are going to have to be very selective. You three are going to have to make our rules known up front. I’m sure we’re going to have many applicants for this year’s Gathering once word gets out about our Chosen One. Steven you had better prepare her on that and—you are going to have to tell her the whole prophecy. We can’t keep letting little bits out at a time.
We’ve told her everything except that. I’ll tell her when we get home. It was hard enough trying to calm her fears in Yellowstone.
Well, I’m content to take my time. When she’s ready, she’ll let me know, Rick said confidently.
You’re content, bullshit! Steven laughed. 
Steven, that hurt, Rick laughed back. I’m a very patient man.
Patient my ass! If I were you, I wouldn’t wait too long. She just might get comfortable with the status quo, Billy advised. Then where will you be? 
Well, Bill, what about you? You’re just as much in our family. You’re on her court. When are you going to tell her you and Gina are joining our clan? Rick teased.
I have no idea. I wonder how she will react when I do tell her? She says she considers us part of the clan, but I haven’t mentioned we want to ‘turn’…we’ll cross that bridge when we get there.
Well, Bill, you are going to have to tell her everything, and I mean everything. Don’t let her find out you aren’t her biological cousin on her own, Bradley warned. 
I know, I know, but Steven’s right—let me tell her when we get her home. Not here and not now. We’ve screwed her head up enough with what we’ve told her so far. Let her come to terms with that first.
Just give me fair warning when you do tell her. She is going to come unglued and I want to be ready for it. And please, let me know when you tell her you want to spend time with her. We all may want to leave town, Steven laughed. 
***
I stared at the menu in front of me in shock. This could not be happening. What were the Elders thinking? Odessa and I were going to have a long conversation—she could count on that! I wanted it all on the table and now. 
My mind was spitting questions out that I couldn’t answer and I was getting tired of finding everything out this way. Seven for God’s sake! Steven said he’d told me everything in Yellowstone…now this. And what did he mean Billy and I weren’t related? I asked him that. He said we were Campbells. He said he was my cousin…didn’t he? 
I was so busy yelling at myself I was missing the conversation, but with my human thoughts beating up on my magical side, I couldn’t let my facial expression give away what I was doing. I had to get away from this table and gain control of my emotions. 
Damn, what was I thinking? I knew better than to poke around in their minds! 
I wanted to cry as I sat numbly in my chair. I wanted to yell at them and make them tell me everything. But I knew they wouldn’t; they still had too much fear I would walk away. Maybe I should. Maybe I should just get up and run, and keep running and not look back. Run away from Steven, and Bradley, and Rick, and damn it yes, even my own family. 
Aubrey, Odessa whispered in my mind. The Elders knew what they were doing. You are strong. They have told you everything except this. It was my place to tell you, but I didn’t and for that, I am sorry. Your realm needs you, child. You will find a way to deal with this.
I don’t want seven lovers, Odessa. I don’t. I’m drawing the line here and now! I have accepted my clan and their ways. I have…damn, what was the word he used? I have consummated my bond to Bradley. I love Steven with all my being. I have accepted that I will spend time with Rick. Billy though—I can’t do that, Odessa. I just can’t. I will take no others. This is all I can deal with! I saw myself in the darkness of my mind crying. 
Chosen One, who said they had to be your lovers? They are companions to your court. That’s all. They are seven very special people to you. The four you see before you, they are your family, and you have accepted your clan’s ways. If these others are not of your clan—then you choose how they serve. You choose how you accept them. You are the Queen—it is your right.
I don’t have to…be with the others?
Not if they are not of your family. You are the Queen. Dry your eyes and listen to the women of your clan. They love you dearly, my child. They will give you the strength to get beyond this. Our realm is so different from anything you can imagine. Listen to them.
I knew the only way I was going to know what was going on was by listening to their thoughts. I knew that, but I wasn’t sure I was calm enough to try to enter their minds undetected. I steadied my nerves, drew a deep breath, and as I exhaled, my mind floated into the middle of their conversation. 
***
Madalyn, what’s the matter with you? Why are you so angry at her? Gina asked.
Because, Brad loves her, Steven loves her…hell they all love her. Why aren’t you two angry? 
Because we love her. We knew what it meant to get her back, so did you. Brad told you all about her. You accepted all of it. You knew Steven belonged to her. This was the way it was supposed to be when she came of age. Now you can either help her through all of this, or sit there and sulk, but you will be doing that all by yourself, Gina announced.
I’m ecstatic she has finally come into our lives, and you should be too. Brad will not stand for your treatment of her, and if you continue and cause Steven to take her away, you will have to deal with us. Do you understand that, Maddie? Sandy scolded. I haven’t had a chance to tell you guys, but when she drew my pain away, man. She replaced it with a warm…I can only describe it as pure love. She asked nothing from me, but gave me everything. I have never felt that kind of warmth from anyone—not even my own mother. It was as if she was there to protect me and care for me. I believed her when she said she would not let anyone harm me.
I felt that same sensation when she was just a child. She and I bonded quickly, and the bond she has with Bill, well, he would die for her. 
I don’t want her love, Madalyn spewed.
Then that is your loss and I feel sorry for you, because she will give it to you without any strings attached. She is in our family now, and you need to accept that. I strongly suggest you get your head on straight or Brad may adjust it for you, Gina said.
I can’t wait for her to be with Rick. I told him that. I told him how special she made me feel, and I could only guess how he will feel. He has always loved her, and for them to bond…well, he will be a very lucky man!
Are you kidding me? You act as if she is our savior. She is nothing more than a mere human. She can’t possibly be able to push all this…love at you!
Get your head out of your ass—she is much more than a mere human, and I will not allow you to treat her badly. I’m warning you now, Madalyn…I will defend her if I need to. Gina said. I really need to be there for her when Bill tells her they aren’t related. God, it’s going to hit her hard, and when she realizes that no one in her family is blood related…I can only imagine the loss she will feel.
What about the seven? I’m sure when she learns about that she will fall to pieces. I may just enjoy that! Madalyn laughed.
I pity you, Madalyn. I never thought I would hear myself say that, but I really pity you. You are missing so much. We’ll be there to help her through this. For your sake I hope you are too, Sandy said.
Are you threatening me?
I don’t need to threaten you. Steven will take care of that.
***
I sat back and started looking around, looking for a distant point I could focus on. I kept swallowing to keep the tears from leaving my eyes. 
I told you they love you, Odessa whispered. Put your concerns out of your mind, child.
“Bree, are you okay?” Steven asked.
Am I okay? What a question to ask. No, I’m not okay. I’m really not, but you wouldn’t understand. I had stopped listening to them, or so I thought, but my off switch must have been broken because I heard their thoughts anyway. 
I can’t get in. She’s locked me out. You try, Madalyn, Sandy pushed.
No good. Steven you’re closer to her than we are, you give it a shot. Her voice sounded harsh.
Nope. She’s locked it tighter than a drum. Brad, Bill, can either of you get in? Steven asked.
Not at all! Damn, I hate it when she does this. Steven, you need to talk to her about it. She isn’t supposed to block her mind from you or me, Bradley said.
Well, what would you have me do? She is stubborn. You’re her leader, you tell her. 
Right, as if she’ll listen to me. You’re her mate…she’s supposed to listen to you. 
And I’ll let you know when that happens.
The waiter came to our table to take our food order and unbeknownst to him, saved me from having to talk with my clan. I blurted my order out so fast I made Steven laugh. 
“That hungry?”
“I think so,” I weakly answered. As the rest of them gave their orders, I did my best to relax my thoughts. I needed someone else’s conversation to distract me from this one.
My mind wandered toward the back of the room and went directly to a table that had two women sitting at it. One was a petite brunette. Her hair was long, and she wore it loose. She had thick bangs that came just to her eyebrows. Her eyes were brown and her lips were thin. The other woman had short red hair and green eyes. 
I wasn’t sure why my mind had picked this table, but like my dreams, I knew I needed to pay attention. From what I could discern, since I started listening in the middle of their conversation, the brunette was consoling the redhead. Evidently, the redhead’s boyfriend had dumped her. Her expletive descriptions of the interloping wench probably would have even made Thomas’ clansman, Greg, blush, but when I finally heard the name of the woman that had stolen her man, my mind almost fell off its chair. I…was the interloping wench! 
***
“There, there, Rebecca. Everything will be fine,” the brunette said as she patted her hand. “Esmeralda will see to her end and then you can reclaim Steven.”
“Oh Sylvia, this is horrid…simply horrid. Why didn’t Thomas kill her when he had the chance?” Rebecca cried.
“Thomas has grown weak, and Esmeralda has noticed.” Sylvia said. “She’s losing patience with him.”
“Not soon enough,” Rebecca pouted. 
“Give Esmeralda time. She’s tiring of Thomas’ excuses. She and I have become close over the years and she has taken me into her confidence.”
“Do you actually think she will replace Thomas? What about us?” 
“I know for certain she has someone else in mind. She introduced me to him. Oh Becca, he was so handsome, and the powers he has! Esmeralda doesn’t think Thomas has the stomach for this anymore so...” she let her thoughts trail off. “If you help me with my plan, we will be on the winning side.”
“I don’t know,” Rebecca moaned.
“Look…I overheard Thomas say Aubrey will be at the party Thursday night. I’m sure Thomas will try again to claim her. We have to get her to keep her guard down. What if we can get her to drink the drink that Nick always gave her? Nick is kind of sweet on me. If can get the ingredients from him, then we can slip it into her drink at the party. Thomas doesn’t need to know anything about it. She’ll fall to Thomas after that—there wouldn’t be any way she could resist him. Steven will be so mad at her, hell—he’ll throw her away and there you will be, ready to pick up the pieces. Her whole clan will think she’s tainted. Someone from another clan will have claimed her, and they won’t want anything to do with her.” She grabbed Rebecca’s hand. “I want to be on the winning side, Becca. Esmeralda has shown me her vision of our world, and I want to be there to enjoy it. You’ll be there to console Steven, and then he will be yours forever because she won’t be alive!” she firmly stated.
“I don’t know. What if we get caught? I don’t want Thomas to be angry with me.” 
“Esmeralda is going to replace him either way. Did you not hear me? She is losing patience with him.”
“Thomas is not someone to toy with. He will not let us live if we betray him,” Rebecca warned.
“You aren’t listening to me. Esmeralda will have Thomas’ entire clan killed,” Sylvia roared.
***
I snapped back to my table and inhaled deeply. 
“Okay Bree, out with it,” Steven said. He had a knowing smile on his face. 
I was just about to say, “What” when our food arrived. “Oh good. I’m starved.” I took a French fry off my plate as soon as the waiter sat it in front of me, looked at Steven, and smiled as I bit down on it. 
With his arms crossed, he tried to look stern and said, “I’m waiting.” 
I looked around the table and everyone was staring at me. “Am I in trouble?” 
“That all depends on what you have been doing, Squirt,” Rick said, with an amused look on his face. His arm was over Sandy’s shoulder, and she had her arms crossed and was looking at me just as sternly as Steven was. I looked over at Bradley, Madalyn, Billy, and Gina. They all had the same expression on their faces. 
“Did I miss something?” Trying to sound innocent, which, in my mind I was.
“Bree, what, or should I ask who, have you been listening to?” Steven asked. I couldn’t help but see the laugh lines around his eyes. 
“Steven, I’m not listening to anyone at this table,” I said as I popped the rest of the French fry into my mouth. They weren’t convinced. 
“Okay, I’ll give you the rundown,” I motioned with my head toward the table next to us. “You see that little old man over there? Well, he was salivating over his waitress’ breasts.” Rick, Steven, Billy, and Bradley checked out the waitress and agreed. “Well, the woman with him was looking at the young busboy, and she wanted to get him between the sheets.” Madalyn, Gina, and Sandy looked around. “That one over there.” I nodded in the direction of a young man whose shirt and pants were hugging his body and outlining all of his attributes. 
“Well, she has good taste—I’ll give her that,” Sandy said. Madalyn and Gina agreed. 
“Who else?” Steven asked.
I took a small bite of my hamburger and looked at him. I covered my mouth as I said, “I was listening to a very interesting conversation in the back of the room. There are two women sitting back there; one is named Sylvia, and the other is Rebecca…your ex-girlfriend.” I smiled teasingly at him. “Apparently they both belong to Thomas’ clan. Sylvia is Thomas’ mate.”
“Rebecca? She’s not in Thomas’ clan.” His brow creased as he thought. “Are you sure?”
“Ah…by their conversation, I’m sure” I repeated what I’d overheard. 
“Damn it,” Rick growled. “How could we have been so careless?”
“Okay, I’m putting my foot down, you aren’t going to the party,” Steven said flatly. “I’ll take you shopping instead. I promised to take you shopping, and that was interrupted…it’s settled.”
“Steven, you are taking me shopping—today. And besides, I need to be seen there, remember?” I reminded him.
“You need to be seen here in Vegas. You need to appear before the Council on Friday. You don’t need to be at the party. You’re not going. It’s settled.” 
“It’s settled. Just like that?” I looked at him.
“Yeah, just like that. I don’t want you there. Understand?” he angrily asked. 
“No, I don’t understand. You need to understand…no, you all need to understand: I will be there. I need to do this,” I pushed back.
“Why? Explain why you think you need to do this,” he demanded.
“I can’t keep hiding away. The problems will not go away because I’m not there. It will only fuel the flames that I am timid, and by doing that, you make me more vulnerable to attack. They will think me an easy target, and that will put more stress on my clan. I’ll make a deal with you.” 
“Bree, you can deal all you want. You aren’t going.” 
“I’ll make a deal with you,” I laid my hand on his arm and continued, “I promise not to talk to Thomas. I promise to only dance with my clan. I promise I will not drink the drink they or anyone else, except for my clan, offers me. Would you accept that?”
“I don’t want you to go! I can’t make it any clearer than that!” 
“But I have to go. I can’t keep hiding away. I know it’s hard, but I have to do this. That’s why I’m here,” I said firmly.
He closed his eyes and I saw his jaw tense. I knew he was talking with the others, but I didn’t want to listen—which probably wasn’t a wise move on my part. 
He slow opened his eyes and they narrowed on me. “You promise not to be out of our sight the entire time?” His thumb was thumping on the table. Slow rhythmic taps while he watched me. 
“I will stick to you like glue.”
“What do you think you will accomplish at this party? Are you going there looking for a fight?” 
“No, Steven. If I wanted a fight, I would have had one a long time ago, and it wouldn’t have been with Thomas. The Council needs to understand who they are dealing with. Right now they think of me as a child, a weak human, someone they can snap their fingers at and I will be gone. You think of me as a child, a weak human, and you think I am in over my head. You all think that…but I’m not. I know exactly what I am doing, and I know what I need to do. They need to see and understand I have no fear of them. If this is too dangerous for you, then I don’t think you want to know the rest of the things I’m going to have to do.”
Steven pursed his lips and stared down at his plate for a long moment, then drew a deep breath, and slowly exhaled in his relent. “I still don’t like it, but I will agree as long as you keep your promise. If you renege, we leave. Deal?” 
“Deal. Now will you guys please eat?” I looked at everyone and took another bite of my hamburger.
“Bree, you do know it’s rude to listen to other people’s thoughts, don’t you?” Sandy asked. 
I chewed my food slowly as I looked at her. Very calmly I said, “Yes, but you keep trying to listen to my thoughts.” She gave me a shocked look. “Oh, cut me some slack, Sandy. I’m new at this, and I have to practice. Now if you want me to practice on the seven of you, I will.”
“No,” the unanimous answer came from them all and I grinned at their response.
Our conversation turned to a more pleasant topic. The waiter came and refilled our drinks. Steven told everyone we were going to a show later, and by the time he was finished with our lineup for the evening, everyone was joining us. 
I started getting warm, and my headache returned. I closed my eyes and the room started spinning. I knew this feeling. I started rubbing my temples and my panic grew. It was a feeling I’d had many times from Nick. 
“Bree, are you okay?” Sandy asked. “You look a little pale.”
I laid my head on Steven’s shoulder and closed my eyes. No good, this was a big dose, lots of little black dots appeared. I leaned forward, held my head in my hands, and kept my eyes open to stop the spinning sensation I felt with them closed.
“Oh shit! Bree, what’s wrong?” Steven took my hands away from my face. I tried desperately to focus, but couldn’t and his voice sounded so distant. My ears were ringing and I couldn't make the sound stop.
“Oh God…not again. Steven…it was…in the…food. He’s…done it…again. This…one's much stronger…my head…” 
“Brad, take her to the room. Rick, Bill, you’re with me,” was all I heard before I passed out.
Chapter 33


When I regained consciousness, I was on my bed and Bradley was the only one with me. I tried to focus, but the harder I tried, the worse it got. My stomach was doing flip flops, and not in an excited way. I knew I had to get to the bathroom.
“Bree,” his voice was soft, “do you feel sick?” 
I was able to nod. “Bathroom.” My voice didn’t sound like me. I didn’t even feel my lips move.
“Okay, up you go.” He helped me to the bathroom, but the sick just wouldn’t come. I did what I had done many times before—stuck my finger down my throat—and was able to purge the contents from my stomach. This was more violent than all the other times, and I was finally able to ask him to leave the bathroom.
“I’m not going anywhere,” he said as he rubbed my back.
“Please, I really don’t want you in here.” Tears were streaming down my cheeks. I truly didn’t want anyone to see me like this. So many times I had faced this by myself. Having someone else witness this somehow made it worse, if that was even possible.
“No,” his voice was firm. He laid a cool cloth on the back of my neck. “Better?”
Another violent round came, followed by the dry heaves. My head was pounding and my face was sweaty. Eventually, I was able to lean back against the wall. I took the cloth and pressed it to my face. He stood and then crouched down to pick me up. “No, I can walk.” 
“Let me help you,” he demanded.
My legs were like rubber and I couldn’t get them to move. “Okay, maybe not.” I reached my arms up to him. “Could you help me to the sink so I can brush my teeth?” I was fighting hard against the tears. 
“Okay,” he said helping me stand. He fixed my toothbrush and helped hold me steady. “Was it this bad all the time?”
I took a deep breath. I wanted this behind me. I was embarrassed for having been sick with him present, and I really didn’t want everyone to know how stupid I had been to stay with someone who would do this to me. “No, this was by far the worst.” 
I ran the toothbrush over my teeth, and brushed my tongue, which gagged me. I waited for the spasm to stop, then rinsed my mouth. I tried splashing water on my face. He grabbed another washcloth and soaked it in cold water and wiped my face with it, then pressed it against the back of my neck. 
He pulled me into him and I finally gave in to my tears. “I hate this…I really hate this. I should have known when the waiter couldn’t get me to take that damn drink that they would try something else. I wasn’t paying attention. None of us were paying attention, and why should we have to? It has to stop now, Bradley.” Then the shaking began. My body wouldn’t calm itself, and I felt what little control I had escaping. My panic returned and I held onto him, desperately trying to calm the fear of what always came next with Nick.
“Shhh,” he hushed. “Tell me what you’d like me to do and I’ll do it,” he said as he gently rubbed my back.
I tried to stand up straight and focus, but my eyes would not cooperate. The room started spinning faster, and the tighter I closed my eyes the more little black dots appeared. I was afraid I’d pass out again. “I think I’d better lie down. I don’t want to fall asleep, though. Maybe if I sit up in the living room, maybe have some coffee.” I tucked my arms into him. “Damn it…I hate this feeling.” The panic was winning and I struggled hard to keep it concealed.
“Bree, you don’t need coffee in your stomach now. How about some water? Maybe some ginger ale, but let’s not do coffee. I promise I won’t let you fall asleep, at least not for a while anyway. Does your head still hurt?” He kissed me gently on the forehead. “You’re burning up.”
“I know. Every time I close my eyes the room spins too.” I needed to keep talking. I was afraid if I stopped, I would pass out. “Where is everyone?
“I left Gina and Sandy with Madalyn at the table, trying to calm her down. Rick, Bill, and Steven went to look for the waiter.”
“They won’t find him, he’s long gone.”
“How often did this happen to you?” He asked as he maneuvered me toward the sofa.
“I don’t want to remember it. Please,” I cried, “I don’t want to relive this.” It was all too much. I’d thought I could deal with it, but I couldn’t. “Enough times to last me forever. To remember everything else that went with it is just too much right now. After all of that, I’m amazed I’m even capable of having a relationship with anyone else, and now I have two males bonded to me. I don’t know if I’m strong enough anymore.” 
All the memories of Nick’s assaults rushed to the front of my mind. “Oh damn, Bradley. I can feel his hands all over me. I hate it. He was so mean, I hate it.” I was struggling to stand. I kept slapping at the air trying to get Nick off me. “I just feel so dirty inside, disgusting. Please make it stop.”
He took me by the shoulders. “Okay…it’s okay…shhh,” he hushed again. “He’s not here.” He cupped my face gently with his hands so I would focus on him. “This is me, Brad. Nick is not here.” Then he pulled me close to him. “Shhh, don’t think that way, please. You have nothing to be ashamed of. He did this to you—you didn’t ask for it.” He pulled back, raised my chin up, and gently kissed me on the lips. “We need you, Bree. Steven and I both need you, and our clan needs you.”
He sat down with me on the sofa. “It’s so hard to understand this need,” I mumbled. “I’m trying…I’m really trying.” 
“Let me get you a glass of water.” He got up, and I grabbed his arms. He placed his hand over mine and whispered softly, “I’ll be right in there…he’s not here.” His voice was firm. “He’s not here…okay?” I nodded. “Now, I’ll get you something to drink.” He pried my hands loose from his arm, kissed them, and left.
“I don’t want to ever eat again.” I drew my knees up and laid my head on the cushion against the arm of the sofa. I heard a soft tap on the door, then I heard it open. I could hear soft murmuring, then Madalyn came and sat on the floor in front of me.
“Bree, I’m so sorry. I drew everyone’s attention off you. Steven is furious with me, and Brad isn’t happy either. I can’t explain what, for the life of me, has happened. I am so in love with Brad, but I feel so threatened by you and what you and Steven share. I guess for so long it had always been just them and me. I had their attention and affection. Now, I see you with Steven and I see how much he adores you. Then you become our clan leader with my husband, my mate…my head is spinning out of control. You have both of their affections now, and I’m in the middle. Please forgive me.”
“Are you here alone? I’d look, but my head may fall off my shoulders,” I groaned.
“She’s alone. I called her here. Do you want me to leave?” Bradley asked.
“No,” I blurted out. “I’m sorry. No, Bradley, I don’t want you to leave. Would you please call Steven?” I tried to regain some semblance of calm. How am I going to live through this? I’m not that strong…I may think I am…but I’m not. 
Odessa came into my mind. Yes Bree, you are. They knew what happened, but they didn’t understand your pain until now. Rest child, you have another pain to cure. Esmeralda's spell is strong. Madalyn is hurting, and I fear for her. Evidently, Esmeralda directed all the force of the spell at her. It will surely kill her if you don’t do something.
I don’t have the power to break the spell.
Yes, you do, Odessa said. Search you memories, everything you need is there. 
Couldn’t you just tell me for once? I begged, my head was throbbing and I didn’t want to go on the hunt for the information. 
It will come to you. Relax and let your memories surface.
Steven appeared at the end of the sofa. Rick, Sandy, Billy, and Gina appeared next. The clan was now together. They all felt the need to close ranks and soothe away the pain. 
Madalyn babbled her explanation, but her ramblings it became evident to me she didn't know how to request special time with Steven. I could see by his body language that he didn’t feel inclined to help with her explanation. Sandy and Gina started scolding her and Billy and Rick were discussing their next moves to get the culprit that drugged my food.
“Stop,” I commanded and everyone quieted. “Madalyn, you don’t need time…”
“Yes…I do. I hurt so badly…”
“No, you are under a spell.”
“A spell?” Billy questioned. “How do you know that?”
I knew I had to come up with an explanation bearing merit by the tone of his voice. I couldn’t tell him I’d heard Esmeralda tell Thomas that in a dream, and I was sure saying “a little birdie told me” wouldn’t cut it, either. I might as well place the blame on Sylvia and Rebecca.
“I heard Sylvia and Rebecca talking about a spell Esmeralda had cast. All I heard was, ‘they will need to bond sooner.’ I didn’t put it together until now. The way Madalyn is feeling is not her fault.”
Madalyn started crying, and Bradley placed his arm around her. Billy said he had to know the exact words of the spell or he could make matters worse, and that made Madalyn wail and go off the deep end, saying she was going to die. 
Now granted, she was not my most favorite person, but I wasn’t heartless either. The way I saw it, we had two options. She and Steven could leave and take care of the problem, but Esmeralda would probably do it again—or we could remove the spell, and by we, I meant me. There was a third option, and that was to do nothing—but that wasn’t really an option. 
My mind made my choice for me. It too, was tired of all the drama. My human side and my magical side came to terms with each other. I just wondered how long that peace would last. 
For a fleeting moment, I saw Esmeralda’s face in my thoughts, then the small flicker of a flame replaced it, and I felt its protection. I felt the tiniest breeze cool my face, and I drew my strength from it. I heard my shaman’s voice as he spoke words of comfort to me and danced his tribal dance. I saw my valley in Yellowstone and I watched the river flow, and with it I felt my blood racing through my body. I felt my strength and knew what I needed to do and exactly how I needed to do it.
“Madalyn, come here please, and let me…fix you.” I held my head as I tried to sit. Madalyn placed her hand on my shoulder, and I felt a surge of energy race into me. It was an overwhelming sensation. Her body was in overdrive. I knew this was not of her doing, but I wondered if her jealousy of me was adding to the strength of the spell.
I held my head in my hands and pressed my fingers against my temples. I closed my eyes so the tears would stay inside, but they were not accommodating me. Small dots danced in my vision, adding to my dizziness.
“I have put a heavy burden on you and for that I am truly sorry. I will not ask it again. I will deal with this,” she whimpered and I watched her tears fall down her cheeks. I raised my finger to touch one and rubbed the salty moisture between my fingers, but saw no sparks of color, no touch of energy. My senses felt nothing from her. Essie’s spell is a strong one, Odessa.
Everyone began protesting. Steven told Bradley he didn’t like my skin tone, he said I looked pasty. Bradley told him there wasn’t anything he could give me. He said I needed to rest so my blood could cleanse my system. Billy and Gina offered again to try, but they warned without the correct words, it could be disastrous. Madalyn continued crying, and I desperately wanted to lie down, but the only way that was going to happen was to fix this. 
“Hush, everyone hush,” I moaned. “Madalyn, sit…please.” 
I tried to focus my eyes as she sat in front of me, but I was going to have to go at this blind. I cupped her face in my hands and rested our foreheads together. Then I spoke the words so only I could hear them, but we both heard the melody of the wood flute.
Hear me demons of the dark. I will pull this spell from her heart. The pain I feel is of a heart that breaks. To you it’s real, but I know it’s fake. My strength I give, to break this spell. The life you live, in my heart it will dwell.
My stone necklace and the pendant warmed against my chest, and that soothed me. I repeated the verse three times to myself, and we swayed to the melody only she and I could hear. The wood flute continued to play its sad song, and the tears ran hot down my cheeks, but her tension eased. I felt all of her fear, all of her emotions come into my body. The pain was intense and all of my joints burned. I thought I was on fire, I thought my body would combust from the heat I was generating. Instinctively my body tried to free me from her, but I held tight. I could not give in to my need to rid myself of her pain. 
Several long minutes passed, and finally her breathing returned to normal. I had successfully pulled the spell from her into me, and I could finally release her. I raised my hands to my temples and pressed. Steven wrapped his arms around me and pulled me into his chest. I felt his tone for me, and it soothed me. 
“Can we please lie down for a while?” I asked weakly. “She’ll be fine now. I just need to rest a little.” I was shaking from the torment that was running rampant through my body and I desperately wanted to curl up into a tight ball to stop it.
Steven picked me up, carried me into the bedroom, and lay me on the bed. Bradley examined me, and I saw the concern in his eyes as he tried to get me to drink some water. I drank a little then curled back into my ball of protection. 
“Call me if she gets any worse. She needs to rest now. She’ll recover, but if anything changes, call me. She needs fluids too. I don’t want her to dehydrate. I’ll stop by later to check in on you.”
I heard Steven, “Madalyn, you’re sure you’re okay…you don’t hurt anymore?”
“No, I feel fine now. She took my pain away…I felt it leave. The melody, did you hear it?”
“No, we didn’t hear anything. All we saw was her holding your head, and the two of you swaying. She was crying and finally you were smiling.”
“That was such a sad melody. I hurt when I heard it, but it carried my pain to her. I didn’t hear the words to the spell though. I can’t believe how good I feel. Brad, let’s go, we can come back later. Steven, she needs you now.” 
I heard no jealousy in her voice and I thought that maybe her anger toward me was part of the spell.
I heard Billy and I could feel his worry. “We’ll go see what we can find out. We’ll be in touch. Rest, Half Pint.”	
I heard the bedroom door close. I felt the bed move and then I felt Steven by my side, unfolding me out of the fetal position. He pulled a blanket over us. “Lie your head on my chest.” He stroked my hair as I listened to his tone. The vibration felt good against my temple and I was able to slow my breathing and close my eyes. The room spun, and I reached out to grab anything to steady myself. He took my hand in his. “Just hold me, Princess. Just hold on to me.” Slowly the spinning came to a stop. I wrapped my arms around him and was able to sleep.
When I woke, the room was dark. He was still there and the vibration in his chest was still strong. “How do you feel?” he asked.
I gingerly moved my head, then raised myself up on my elbow. “Better…my head doesn’t hurt anymore. I don’t feel as hot. How are you doing?”
“I’m fine. Feel like talking?” 
I really didn’t want to talk about everything. I was feeling better, and I didn’t want to remember what had happened. However, he needed to understand it. “Sure,” I said slowly. “What do you want to know?”
“What happened? How did you know what you needed to do for Madalyn?”
“I told you earlier. I have the memories, and the knowledge buried deep in my mind. Everything is surfacing, and I just know things.” 
He continued to stroke my arm as he talked with me. It was almost hypnotic the way he did it. “Brad told me what you told him. I am so sorry you experienced that. It never should have happened. I will never be rough with you or mean to you…I will never make you feel that hurt. None of us will.”
“I don’t feel that way when we love. You make me feel so special. I just hate the feeling I have inside me. It’s as if I’m dirty, and no amount of washing will take it away. How could you love me so much after everything another man has done to me?”
“He is not a man. He’s a monster and what they did was wrong, and it should never have happened to you. You are my Princess and nothing will ever change that. They will never touch you again, my angel. Never!” He reached up and stroked my cheek. “Everyone is asking about you, can I tell them you’re awake?”
“Do you want to?”
“Are you sure you’re feeling better?” 
“Yes. Tired, but better,” I answered.
He rolled over and propped himself up on is elbow. “I’ll tell them later. I want to be with you by myself for just a little longer. Just the two of us.”
Chapter 34


I fell back asleep in Steven’s arms after we made love. I remembered how gentle he had been with me before our separation, but now the gentleness and tenderness went well beyond that. He had his china doll back in his arms and he was tenderly gluing my pieces back together. He tried desperately to remove any scars I still carried, and I knew Bradley would be just as gentle. 
I slept for another hour, and when I woke, I placed my hand on Steven’s neck. “You need your drink, and I would like to take a hot shower. My joints are so sore. God, is that what you two go through every time?”
“I think you got the gist of it, yeah. Sorry.” 
“Well, I don’t think I want to feel that again, that’s for sure, and I don’t want you to hurt like that either. I want you to tell me when you do, understand? I’ll not let that happen to you.” I tried stretching as I sat up.
He started laughing, “Oh, my little princess, trying to take all the problems on your shoulders. I do love you. Now go take your shower. Are you hungry?”
I was hungry, but I most certainly didn’t want to eat from that restaurant. “Well, yes, but I don’t want to go to Casey’s.”
“We’ll go some place new. I’ll let everyone know they can come by.” Steven pulled me to my feet and kissed my forehead. “Go take your shower before I change my mind about calling them.” 
***
Twenty minutes later, I went into the living room of my suite. Rick and Sandy were sitting on the sofa.
“Hi guys,” I said as I rubbed my neck.
“Hey Squirt. Steven said you were feeling better and you were hungry. Sure you want to try that again?” He asked as he and Sandy came to greet me. Sandy gave me a kiss on the cheek, and Rick leaned in and kissed my lips, then winked and smiled. I smiled back at him. 
“I thought I was going to have to come and get you out of the shower. Did you fall back asleep?” Steven teased.
“No, silly. I can’t believe how sore I am though.” Steven took over the job of rubbing my shoulders. “Oh Lordie, you could keep that up all night.”
“Why don’t you spend a few hours at the spa? Let them work the kinks out,” he offered.
“Sounds good to me. Where is everyone?” I moved to sit on the arm of the loveseat next to Rick while Steven went toward the bedroom.
“They’ll be here shortly. I’m going to go take a shower, that is if you left any hot water,” he teased.
“Big hotel. I’m sure there’s plenty,” I called after him. 
I nudged Rick’s shoulder after Steven left. “How’s it going with Becky and Ted?”
“I’m still working on them, Squirt. I can’t really tell you anything just yet.”
“Can’t or won’t?” 
“Both,” he said smiling as wrapped his arm around me. “Our contact hasn’t gotten all the info yet. When we have pieced it all together, I promise I will tell you. But until then,” he looked at me and became serious, “hush. Understand? You’re not to badger Bill, Steven, or me on this. Just cool your jets, sister. We’ll tell you when we’re ready. Now seriously, are you really feeling better?” He pressed his hand against my head. “Well, you’re not burning up at least.”
“I’m fine…really, I’m fine. We’ll go to the party, I’ll see the Council on Friday, and we go back to normal on Saturday.”
“So you’re that sure about the party and Friday?”
“Yes Rick, I’m that sure.” There was another tap on the door. I got up to answer it, but Rick stood at the same time, placed his hands on my shoulders, and with gentle pressure, he sat me down next to Sandy. “Stay put, I’ll get the door.” 
Bradley, Madalyn, Gina, and Billy arrived, arms filled with bags of food, and I could smell the Italian. Sandy and I jumped up from the sofa and went to see what we had to eat. Sandy greeted Bradley with a smile and a kiss. Madalyn came up to me and gave me a big bear hug. 
“I can’t begin to thank you enough for what you did. I haven’t felt this good in a very long time. Are you feeling better?” she asked.
“Yes, I’m fine. I’m sorry you had to go through that because of me.” 
“Nonsense, I think it has even made the bond between us stronger somehow.” 
Bradley came up to me next. He didn’t seem sure how he should greet me, whether he should kiss me on the cheek or the lips. He had always been sure of what to do, but now he was at a loss, and I didn’t like that. I rose on my tiptoes, kissed him tenderly on the lips, and placed his hand on my chest. Please, don’t be this way, Bradley. I need you to be strong and decisive. You may greet me any way you like. 
He beamed a smile and took my hand and walked with me toward the dining room, “I thought it might be best to eat in for a change.”
I stood next to him, but could hear Rick and Gina’s thoughts as if they were standing right beside me. I tried to stop listening, but it would seem my magical thoughts were a little on the nosy side this evening. Apparently, this was their way of protecting me. 
I watched as Rick laid his hand on Gina’s tummy and smiled, then lifted his hand; the baby must have kicked. 
***
Just a few more weeks, huh? Then how long? Rick asked.
Not that long, Rick. Why, miss me? Gina asked. 
Yeah, I do actually. Does that surprise you? 
No, not really. We have fun, don’t we? Now, what’s really bothering you? she asked.
Oh, you think you know me so well. Nothing is bothering me. 
Rick…talk to her. She will not deny you once she understands completely. I know she cares for you greatly. I have watched you two teasing each other. Why do you keep the pain inside you? 
She has more healing to do. Tonight proved that. I just want to kill those motherf…when the time is right, I will ask, but not yet. I can still hold her, and that will have to do for now, he said.
You don’t give her enough credit. She is very strong. She’ll not let this happen again. You know you will never be able to make love to her as you do us. You understand that, right? Gina looked to make sure he understood her comment.
That’s not how I want to love her…she is too soft for that. I find it amazing, this one little person, he laughed, could cause me to feel this way.
She is shy. She will not speak to us about her time with any of you. That will piss Madalyn off. Sandy treats her like her little sister. They have a bond now. She won’t mind you spending time with her. Hell, she’ll get Steven then. I know that will piss Madalyn off, Gina laughed.
You enjoy pissing Madalyn off? Why, Gina, a side of you I have not seen. 
I’m just as protective of Bree as you are. She’s new to this life and Madalyn will take advantage of her. Then again, Bree just might show her a thing or two if she gets mad enough. Bill said she wants to handle Madalyn herself, but I will be watchful. Madalyn can be a bitch when she wants. 
What about Bill? Do you think he will ever ask her to spend time with him? 
Ah, that will be interesting. Bill loves her. Oh my, yes, he does, and he is one of her companions the prophecy spoke of. She giggled. So are you Richard, she smiled at him and gave him a little nudge. Do you know who the others are yet?
No idea.
Well, maybe with some tender coaxing I can persuade Bill, but we shall see. It is important we adhere to the prophecy. For her clan to protect her—you must be familiar to her. Poor Brad, I don’t think even he thought it would be this difficult. He was always so in control until she came along. Now he doesn’t know which end is up. 
You are actually enjoying this, aren’t you? he laughed.
You have no idea how much. It’s about time someone led you four around by the noses instead of you four always leading us. Yes, I do so much enjoy Bree. 
***
I shook my head as my thoughts pulled away from theirs and kissed Billy on the cheek. “What’s all this?” 
Steven walked into the room. “Whoa, do I smell Italian?”
“Hey Steven,” Billy called over his shoulder, but his distraction wasn’t complete…he was still able to grab my sandwich before I could and hold it out of my reach, then teased it toward me, only to pull it back out of my grasp. With a wink he said, “I thought I would treat you to your favorite Italian restaurant from home. I see you're feeling better,” he smiled. “Ready for the party and Friday?”
“Yep,” I said. “All ready…now can I have my sandwich?” 
“Oh, I suppose,” he smiled.
I rose on my toes, he leaned down, and I kissed him on the cheek again. “God, I love you for this.” 
Sandy handed everyone plates and we gathered in the living room. I settled on the floor in front of Steven to eat my sandwich. Our conversation steered clear of the afternoon mishap, for which I was extremely grateful.
When Rick finished his sandwich, he proclaimed, “That was the best damn sub I have tasted in a long while. Sandy, we have to remember to eat there when we come to visit.”
Billy got up to get everyone some more wine. “Yeah, that’s one of our favorites, right Half Pint? We try to eat there at least once a month. The restaurant is in one of those strip malls. It’s small, but damn, they make good Italian food. Hey Bree, the message light is lit on your phone.”
I looked up, momentarily forgetting about my sandwich, and by Billy’s parental gaze I knew my face betrayed my calm manner. I gave my best shot at a cover-up. “Okay, I’ll get it in a few. Probably Mom.” I tried going back to making love to my sandwich, knowing it wasn’t my mother who had called. I managed to get in one bite before they called my…lie into question.
“Bree, I just saw your mother a little bit ago. She knew we were coming tonight. If she had a message for you, I’m sure she would have given it to us to give to you,” Gina offered.
My subconscious thoughts warned me not to look directly in the eyes of my accuser…look anywhere but in her eyes. I covered my mouth as I chewed, buying time and kept my eyes focused on my sandwich, turning it slowly to show my only thoughts were of my next bite. With a shrug of a shoulder, I replied. “Maybe she forgot. She calls often, and it’s usually nothing important…she likes to hear my voice every so often. Probably didn’t want to bother you.” I forgot to keep my eyes on my food and glanced up at her. She could always tell when I was hiding something, and with my glance I saw her look at Billy. Yes, I’m sure she told him I was hiding something.
“You okay?” Steven asked. 
“Sure, I’m fine,” I said. “Why?” Great…I couldn’t leave it at ‘sure, I’m fine,’ I had to ask ‘why,’ my thoughts scolded. Without waiting for his reply, I got up and listened to the message, keeping my face devoid of any expression. 

Bree, you need to embrace your role in your clan. Your enemies knew where you went. They were the ones responsible for the attack. You made the right choice this evening. Madalyn would surely have been dead by morning. The pain would have driven her mad and she would have ended her own existence. She will be fine now. The spell has been broken. Your enemies know the pain you are feeling, and it makes them happy. You must do better at hiding your emotions if you are going to survive. We have not yet discovered how they know these things, but keep your movements close, the less known the better. Hurting you has aroused their appetites and more pain will follow. The gems are yours. You have one, but there are more. Know your sisters love you, and our fate rests on your shoulders. Tomorrow will be very dangerous for you, but Friday will be yours.

That was the end of the message. I pressed 3 to erase it, hung up the phone and went back to my sandwich. I made the mistake of looking at Bradley, and by the look on his face, Billy must have clued him in on Gina’s suspicions. Again I attempted a cover-up and smiled. “Just the front desk letting me know my dry cleaning’s ready,” was the only thing that came to mind. It was incredibly lame, but if I had said it was my mother, they surely would have asked her.
“You sent clothes out to be dry cleaned? That was a pretty long message for that,” Bradley said, with a raised brow. 
“Yes, Bradley, I sent clothes out, and now they are ready.” I sat back on the floor in front of Steven and continued eating my sandwich as if nothing was wrong, but Bradley persisted.
Don’t hide things from me. Do you understand? We are on your side in this.
Yes, I know. But please, now is not the time.
“So, what’s new with everyone?” I asked changing the subject. 
It was a long, painful moment before anyone spoke, then Billy cleared his throat, ending the awkward silence. “Well, to be honest Half Pint, we can’t stay. Gina really needs her rest, and you should probably get yours, too.”
“I’m fine,” Gina said with a hand slap to the air. “I would like to stay, and besides, we can help Rick and Sandy with our problem children. Steven needs to stay with Bree, and Brad can’t be around them.”
“Yeah, Sandy and I need to round up our two problems. We told them we would meet them for a drink later.” He glance at me, then at Sandy, and in a taunting tone said, “Maybe while we’re getting more information out of them, we can get some college stories about Bree from Becky.” 
“You’ll never get my secrets out of her,” I said with a confident smile. 
“No, probably not.” He winked, and with that wink I knew he already knew most of my stories anyway.
“Bree, come sit next to me,” Steven said, patting the cushion next to him.
I looked over my shoulder at him. “Why?” 
“Because I want you to.” He patted the cushion again. 
I just knew this had something to do with that darn phone call. Reluctantly, I got up and sat next to him. He placed his arm around me and rested his hand on my shoulder. I waited for his thumb to start tapping, but instead he cupped my shoulder with his hand. 
“Okay, what?” I asked, bracing for the lecture I was sure was coming. The room became quiet, which made me very nervous. 
Rick leaned forward in his chair, legs spread, arms resting on his thighs. He folded his hands and looked down at them, before looking at me with a serious gaze. “Bree, we’re concerned about the next couple of days. Somehow, your enemies know your moves. It has Bill and me concerned. You are taking risks we feel you shouldn’t take. Remember the umbrella I spoke to you about? Well…you’re doing it again.” 
“Look what happened in Yellowstone. Look what happened to you right here,” Sandy said. The sound of her voice told me she was worried, and her face reflected her concern. 
My thoughts turned back to the phone call. My mysterious caller didn’t know how my enemies knew what they knew either, and my thoughts turned to worry that maybe our two newest members had something to do with this. I didn’t want to think the worst, nor did I want to believe someone I had felt as close to as a sister would turn on me. 
“What are you thinking, Bree?” Rick asked. His soft blue eyes pierced my soul and my heart refused my request to look away. 
“Did Ted and Becky know we went to Yellowstone?” I asked.
“No, they knew we were gone for a while, but they didn’t know the location,” Rick said.
“Can you be tracked when you travel?” 
“Yes, if they know when we leave, it is possible to be followed…but we all left from our rooms, so I really think that’s unlikely,” he answered.
“We’re concerned about the coming days—we’re not at all comfortable with the party,” Sandy said. When I looked at her, she looked down at her hands. I watched her shoulders rise and fall with the hard breaths she was taking and when she looked back up at me, I read the discomfort on her face. She stood and paced. “Thomas isn’t someone to play with. You insulted him last night, and he will be ready for you tomorrow. What is to prevent him from killing you at the party? His clan is strong, and they will all be there with him. I am truly afraid of losing you.” She stopped pacing, placed her hands on her hips, and faced me…waiting, I guess, for me to reprimand her, but I didn’t intend to do that. If I wanted them to talk openly with me, I had to give them room to state their feelings without fear of my reprisal. 
“We are asking you to rethink the party,” Rick said. “We love you too much, and it would kill me if anything happened to you. Isn’t there any other way you can show your strength? Must you really go to this party? I know you are strong. I have seen your growth over the past few days, and I will say, I am very impressed. Isn’t that enough? You don’t have to prove anything to us. We have accepted you as our leader, and we would all give our lives to protect you, but please reconsider this path you are venturing down tomorrow.” His thoughts quickly kissed my mind. I just can’t lose you. I just can’t, not again.
I looked at both of them and smiled in a calm and confident manner. “I appreciate your thoughts, and I’m glad I don’t need to prove myself to you, but I still need to prove myself to others. Thomas isn’t going to strike at the party. I really need you all to understand.” I leaned into Steven. “He is being sent to see my strength. I do not have the luxury of only worrying about my clan. I have two families, two realms, to consider. I have to weigh all the pros and cons in order to make the right decisions. Some of my choices are not going to be what you want to hear.” I looked at all of them. “But they are necessary for my other family, and for our realms. I don’t want you worrying anymore on this tonight. Why don’t you all go have that drink with our problem children? Steven, Bradley, Madalyn, and I can go to the show, and then we will meet you later.” 
“Yeah, sounds good. And Bree, on the way back maybe you can pick up your dry cleaning,” Steven smiled.
“Perhaps.”
Chapter 35


“Good morning, Sunshine,” Steven whispered, trying to stir me awake.
I beamed my smile at the sound of his voice. “Morning.” I stretched and wrapped my arms around him a little tighter. 
He rolled onto his side and propped his head up with his hand. “Are you awake now? We have a full day today, so let’s get started. But first, what about your dry cleaning? You conveniently forgot to pick it up last night.”
“Ah…yeah…I’ll go down and get it later,” I mumbled. 
“Darling, this is a very fancy hotel…they deliver dry cleaning.”
“Oh.”
“Want to tell me about the phone call?” 
I yawned. “Oh, yeah, about that.” I moved to get up.
His arms tightened. “You’re not going anywhere, so just get comfortable. Now, what about the phone call?”
“Are you trying new tactics on me?” His smile answered that question, and I knew from the set of his eyes, it was time to come clean. “Okay, keep an open mind. It wasn’t the first time I got a call.”
I couldn’t remember ever seeing someone get mad that quickly. He was clearly angry…his eyes penetrated mine, the twinkle in them vanished, and his smile hardened. 
“Damn it! When are you going to let me in? Why do you continue to keep me at arm's length on this?”
“I didn’t tell you because, well, there really wasn’t anything to tell. I got the first call on Sunday and it was very short. ‘She’ told me my sisters love me very much, and their fates rest on my shoulders. I received a few more like that, but I actually thought they were prank calls so I really didn’t pay any attention to them until the day we were going to go to Yellowstone. When you were in the shower I noticed the message light, so I checked it.”
“So why didn’t you mention it then?” he asked. 
“I had just been made aware of all of this. My mind was being flooded with all these memories of us, of what I am to do. Dang, cut me a little slack here! Do you want to hear the rest of this or not?”
“Yes,” he mumbled. “Continue.” For the most part his tone was angry, but his eyes had softened a little. 
“She gave me a warning, telling me we should not go there—to Yellowstone. She said strong protection was needed, and to give you my blood, and before the call ended, the caller reminded me to take the necklace I’d received. The last call I got was more detailed.” I told him the message. “The only necklace I’ve received while I have been here was delivered to my room, and I wasn’t even here. There was a note saying it was a healing stone, and that I needed to keep it with me at all times. I think it has helped enhance my healing powers since I am not a sorceress just yet. This particular stone has a warm feeling…I can feel heat coming from the stone. Does that make sense to you?”
“Yeah, it does. But why didn’t you mention this earlier?”
“When? When would you have liked me to tell you? In-between the time I learned that you and Madalyn share a bond, or how about after I learned I was now a leader in our clan? Or maybe after I had spent my time with Bradley, or, I know—maybe after the drugging incident at the restaurant? Which time? Tell me when we have really had ten minutes to ourselves?” I was frustrated now. His expression mellowed, and he rubbed my arm in an attempted apology…and yes, I accepted it. “Like I said, I didn’t think there was really anything to tell; and besides,” I hesitated, “I didn’t want to worry you. It’s a beautiful necklace, though. It’s a deep red teardrop-shaped stone with black veins of onyx running through it. It’s set in sterling silver and hangs from a long sterling silver chain. You’ve seen me wear it. Well, maybe you haven’t, but anyway, if you let me up, I’ll get it and show it to you.” I batted my eyes at him to see if he would give in. He didn’t.
“That’s okay, you can show me later. Go on with your story.” He leaned in and gave me a quick kiss.
“There’s really not much else to tell. I’ve told you about all the calls, the messages. I have no idea who this person is, or how they know me. Do you have any ideas?” I asked.
“No. I have no idea who is calling you.” 
“Well, I guess I could also tell you about the voice I hear if you like.” 
Steven groaned. “Bree, what voices are you hearing?” He placed his thumb and index finger to the bridge of his nose and pressed a little.
“Voice, Steven, singular. Just one voice—her name is Odessa. She’s been guiding me.” I gave him a quick smile. “Okay, let me explain this.” I rose on my elbow. “You remember the night I found out I was going to transform into a powerful sorceress?” I made air quotes as I asked. He nodded. “Yeah, well that was the first night I heard her. She’s been explaining things to me, and she’s teaching me what I can do with my mind. Everything’s in there, and she’s helping me bring it out. She was the one that helped me understand the phone call about your hunting trip. That’s why I asked for the three vials, and why I poured them into your drinks. Odessa and my mystery phone voice understand the power of my blood more than you guys do—more than I do. She’s helping me with things you can’t, because you didn’t even know those things were there. Am I making any sense to you?” I wrinkled my forehead when I asked. I let my fingers rub across his arms, while I waited for him to answer me. 
“That’s it. I have nothing left to tell. Now you can let Bradley know everything I told you. If he and Madalyn would like to come down now, we can all discuss this.” I reached my arms around his neck and pulled him to my lips and kissed him softly, then pulled back and smiled. “I’m sure you have some questions. Why don’t you just call everyone here? Let’s get this out in the open now.” I kissed him again. “May I get up?”
He suppressed a grin. “What am I going to do with you?” I shot a thought into his mind of us making love. “Okay, I like that thought, but let’s get through this right now. Will you please let me know these things? Damn, I just want to get you home where I can keep you safe. Go get dressed. We’ll go get something to eat. Oh, I made an appointment for you at the spa, and Sandy and Madalyn are going with you. We’ll discuss this all later, but for now, let’s get the soreness out of you.” Before I moved, I placed my hand on his chest— just to ensure the soft vibration of his tone for me was still there. “Princess,” he said softly, “you’ve nothing to worry about. I love you very much. Now…go get dressed.” 
***
Steven had made a three hour spa appointment for me, and I was back in the room by one o’clock feeling like a new person. Everyone was there, and by the stern looks on Rick's, Billy's, and Bradley’s faces, I knew Steven had filled them in on our conversation from this morning. Damn, I will be so happy when this is all over and we can go home. I smiled at that thought. Steven and I could go home. I liked the sound of that.
They all greeted me, with Bradley being the last. There was not a hint of indecision this time. I knew he was upset, but I received a very warm vampire kiss from him, and he placed his hand on my breast and received the response he was looking for, and I felt my tone in him as well. He went and took his place next to Madalyn, and I stood next to Steven. 
“Do any of you have any questions about the messages I have received? Bradley, I’m quite sure you do, so please ask them. Rick, what about you? Now is the time for you to ask as well,” I said.
“I’ve no questions now,” Rick said. 
“All we ask is for you to tell us when you get these calls. We understand the stress you are under with both clan and family, and all we want to do is help. There is no reason for you to carry any of these burdens by yourself,” Bradley said. 
For Steven to carry on as he did this morning and for Rick to act as if this wasn’t a big deal after his speech last night, I knew something was afoot and suspicious thoughts crept into my mind. I searched their thoughts but heard nothing that would give me insight as to what they were up to. So I concluded…it was time for me to ask questions. “What do you know of the other Chosen Ones? Is Esmeralda a Chosen One, or did she gain power by default?” I asked. 
“I really don’t know anything about them. They are seldom seen, and as for Esmeralda, no, she is not a Chosen One. She has one powerful House, I think,” Bradley offered off-handedly.
Room service came, and Steven informed me when he handed me my already-filled plate, “This is from our special number, so you’ve nothing to worry about. Just eat.” They poured their drinks, and Bradley poured me a tall glass of iced tea. “Where are our other two members?” 
“Meditating,” offered Sandy. “We had them out very late last night. Rick wants them relaxed for the party tonight. They will be there, as prospective members of our clan. They understand they will be representing our group and are looking forward to it.”
“Anything from your informant?” I flexed my eyebrows at Rick, and that made a smile come to this his lips.
“Nothing yet. I told you I would tell you, and I will. Patience, grasshopper,” he said.
“Fine,” I said a little irritated. I picked at my food and sipped my iced tea and our conversation turned toward our plans of going home. I felt the tension ease in my clan, and that made me happy. Rick’s voice was low and deep, and Steven’s was very soothing. I was getting tired again. The sun was coming through the windows, and the room was warm. Rick turned on some soft music, and what once were clear voices, turned to muffle sounds. I had to struggle to pay attention. I rested my head against Steven’s shoulder, and closed my eyes, and the last thing I heard was something about a vacation.
Chapter 36


I found myself in the passage. I heard their voices echoing up from the chamber and hurried toward the sound. The smell of damp earth was strong and the air was much cooler than the last time I visited. They stood at the table and the clay bottle was sitting there as well. 
***
“My lady, she will be at the party tonight. What are your wishes?”
“My wishes are simple now, Thomas. I want her dead. I want her family powerless.” The harsh tone of her voice told me she wasn’t pleased. “Things have changed and time is short.” She stroked the clay bottle with the tip of her finger and smiled adoringly at it. 
“My lady, she has proven to be a challenge. What do you need of me tonight?”
“How can a simple human be a challenge to you, my dear? Will your clan be with you tonight?” She caressed her lips with her tongue while her finger circled the opening of the bottle and the bottle shook. 
“Yes my lady, my entire clan will be there.” 
“Can you end this tonight?” She turned to him and placed her hand delicately along his jaw. He pressed against her touch, closed his eyes, and smiled. 
He took her hand in his and raised it to his lips for a tender kiss. “I thought you wanted to wait until Friday?” 
“I did, but as I said, things have changed. Is there a problem?” she asked with a raised brow.
“No, if that is your wish, then I will comply.” 
“Your plan should be simple—a tiny scratch will suffice. One simple little scratch,” she reminded him.
“It is never simple, my lady.” 
“You were close the other night…you held her hand. You pulled her close to you as you went into her mind. Take her again tonight,” she coaxed. 
“Do you think that wise? Her entire family will be at the function. Her grandmother and cousins will cut my clan into pieces,” he said.
“Ah yes, her grandmother. Such a meddling old woman—just as meddling as my mother. I will enjoy seeing her family brought down.” 
“Why Essie, you’ve never spoken of your mother. Does she still live?” He gave her a sexy grin.
“In a manner of speaking, the old bat lives,” she sneered. “If the opportunity presents itself, then yes, I want you to finish her tonight along with her clan. Bring her body to me first before your clan feasts upon her.” She ran her fingers over his lips, and he kissed the tips of her fingers. She drew her hand away and turned her attention back to the bottle. “You may leave now. I have no further need of you tonight.” 
“As you wish, my lady.” He turned to leave but the cold tone of her voice stopped him.
“Thomas.”
His fists clenched and his shoulders tensed ever so slightly as he turned back to her. “Yes, my lady?” 
“Do not disappoint me tonight.”
“Yes, my lady.” He bowed, turned, and left.
Her attention fell back to the clay bottle. She bent close, stroked the smooth surface, and whispered to it, “Soon, my master. Very soon you will be whole.” 
The bottle shook. 
Chapter 37


When I finally woke, I was lying in bed…alone. The room was quiet and dark, but Steven was there—I could feel him in the room. I stayed very still and opened my eyes, stealthily turned my head toward the sitting area of our room and saw him sitting there with his feet up on the ottoman. His head rested on the back of the chair and his fingers were interlaced and resting on his chest, and I could tell he had his eyes closed. 
Why isn’t he here in bed with me, and why did I not wake when he moved me from the living room to the bedroom? Then it hit me…my own clan? No, surely not! I crept into his thoughts to confirm my suspicions and heard him talking with Bradley. 
***
No Brad, she’s not awake yet. She may sleep through the party. I know she was very tired, and with the sedative you gave her, plus the massage, hell, she may sleep through the night. Not too sure I want to be here in the morning. She is going to be extremely peeved. 
Sorry to put you in this predicament, but with all this new information we just couldn’t let her go to the party. No one was aware the Guardians were helping her and she is progressing too fast. That’s going to cause her enemies to act a lot sooner. We’re not about to hand them an opportunity. I don’t care if we have to hide her away until she crosses, they’ll not get the chance to touch her. Bill, Stanley, and Ryan understand. Millie is the only who doesn’t agree. She thinks Bree should be at the party…sometimes Millie can be trying. And I do agree with you, she’s going to be extremely upset. I’m glad you’re there and not me, he laughed.
Thanks, I knew I could count on you. She’ll get over it. I can usually calm her down. I’ll take her to the mountains. That’ll win me a point of two, Steven said. 
Dream on…keep me posted. 
Trust me—you’ll be the second to know when she wakes.
***
I crept out of his mind and that was not an easy task because I was fuming. My own clan did to me what Nick had done—drugged me to get me to do what they wanted. Albeit, my clan didn’t hurt me or attack me, but just the same they took my choice away. 
Think again, Steven and Bradley! My anger is off the scale! Odessa, can you hear me?
Yes, I can hear you, and I can feel your anger. They do love you so much. Don’t be too harsh. Temper your mind. You can still go to the party…let your mind roam and listen. You forget what you are capable of doing. Let Steven know you are awake. I fear making you stay here this evening was a mistake, but…
You don’t drug the one you love! You just don’t do that.
Their reason was not to hurt you, but to protect you, she reminded.
What of tomorrow—will they drug me then too? Will they hide me for fear I will be taken? I know my path—they need to know this. I have another family to consider, another race. What of them—do I just say, ‘Oh, I’m sorry Mom and Dad, but my clan now comes first. Or, sorry magicals and humans, can’t help just yet, my clan thinks it’s too dangerous? My mind’s hands were waving wildly as I tried to explain my thoughts.
I understand your anger. Temper your thoughts. You need to focus now, she said sternly. 
I stirred in the bed, and did what I normally would do and reached for Steven. He was quickly by my side. “You’re awake, Sunshine. Did you sleep well?” His voice was calm, and that angered me more. 
“Yes, thank you. You can let Bradley know I’m awake. Next time maybe he should make the sedative a little stronger.” I pulled away from him and moved to the other side of the bed to get up, but he was quicker, and appeared on that side of the bed and took my arms. 
“Look, I know you’re angry, but we didn’t want you to go tonight. It is far too dangerous for you. Not tonight. You can be mad and pout as much as you want, but I will not allow you to go.” 
“You have no idea just how angry I am. You go to the party. I won’t go. I prefer to be alone.” 
“Bree, you don’t mean that. You’re just mad right now…” 
“Yes Steven, I do. I mean every word of it.” I couldn’t hold the tears back any longer, and I told him how it made me feel to have my ability to choose taken from me. I could tell from the look in his eyes they hadn’t thought of that. For all of their combined intellect, common sense was not a factor. They all knew what was best to take care of “little Bree;” they would make the decisions for me. I turned from him, went to the bathroom, and slammed the door. 
I heard the light tap. “We didn’t think about how you would feel, we were more concerned for your safety. Don’t be this way, come back and let’s talk.” His fist pounded the bathroom door. 
“I don’t want to talk now. Please go to your precious party, and join your clan. They will need you there tonight.” Then I turned the shower on. 
***
I finished dressing and went to the living room, flipped on the TV, and retrieved the bottle of wine from the refrigerator and poured myself a large glass of it. 
Don’t miss the party because you are mad, Odessa said. I’ve told you, you would be tested many times. Open your mind…you and your clan will learn much tonight. Know the players and understand the stakes. Open your mind. 
I was mad, there was no doubt about that; however, she was correct. I needed to listen and be ready for whatever was going to happen. “Okay, let’s see what I see.” I turned off the TV, turned on some soft music and sat in the chair. I took a drink of my wine and let myself relax. 
I saw myself walking into the ballroom. Everyone was there except Thomas. He and his clan hadn’t arrived yet. I could see Steven talking with Bradley and Rick. Madalyn and Sandy were there as well and I saw a lot of worry on their faces. Steven’s jaw was set and he had his arms crossed over his chest. I could tell from his facial expression he was just as mad at himself as I was at him…at them. But I could also tell he was resolved in his decision to keep me away from the party. I listened while he relayed my reaction to them. 
***
“She’s mad and hurt. I didn’t stop to think she would feel like that. How could she think we could hurt her as they did? She’ll just have to get over it. Our decision was the correct one. Damn, she can be so stubborn. Does she not realize how much danger she has put herself in?” 
“Don’t worry. Yes, she’s mad, but she’ll come around. We may get the cold shoulder from her, but she knows we did this for her own good. Once this is all over tonight, she’ll be fine. Besides, our contact said we needed to keep her away this evening. Thomas may not even be here tonight. She needs her rest for tomorrow…she has to understand that. I will not apologize for this, nor will any of you. Sometimes she needs to let us take care of things,” Bradley said, trying his best to convince them and maybe himself.
“You don’t think she’s mad enough to leave, do you?” Sandy asked. She was twisting a napkin around her fingers. 
Billy stood behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist, comforting her. “Don’t worry. Bree will be with us for a long time. Oh, she’s mad right now, but I know her. She’ll get over it in no time. Then all will be back to normal. Just give her some space.” He tried his best to reassure her, to reassure them all.
“I don’t know, Bill,” Steven said. “She told me to leave, and she meant it. This is going to take a little more than a few hours for her to get happy again. I’m not going to give her too much space, just out of self-preservation,” he laughed. “No, I think we will be doing a lot of apologizing to her, but I don’t care if I have to tie her down—she will listen to me.”
“Ahhh, stop worrying. We’ll go with you when this is all over. She can’t hit all of us at once. We’ll make it right. I don’t mind apologizing again though…really, whatever it takes,” Rick smiled. 
***
I continued through the room, watching and listening until I came upon two men standing in the midst of the crowd. They both looked about fifty in human years. One had long, stringy, sandy-brown hair that looked as if it hadn’t been washed in a few days. He was smoking a pipe and he wore glasses. His full, bushy beard made me scratch my own cheeks. The other stood smugly, turning his bobbed nose in the air as others walked by them. I didn’t care for either of them, but as I moved away, I heard a small piece of their conversation that interested me…so turned back and I listened. 
***
“Gerald, she’s furious. How could they lose all of them? Bunch of morons,” the bushy bearded man said.
“I heard, Fredrick. I’m told she's royally pissed they’re missing, and you know what that means—we all are going to catch hell. I told her she was powerful enough without them, but I have to tell you, with them, no one can match her. I don’t know why she’s wasting her time with that Campbell gal anyway. She hasn’t crossed yet. I say, find the gems and then go after her,” Gerald said. “It’s Esmeralda’s own fault they’re missing. I mean, what did she expect when she put vampires in charge?”
Fredrick gave a low laugh. “Thomas must be damn good.” He took a drink from the glass he held and scanned the room before he said, “Speaking of the Campbell gal, where is she? Thought she was going to be here. That’s the only reason I came.” He stretched to look over the crowd. “Her clan’s here,” he laughed. “Can you believe that, a witch living with vampires? That’s as bad as Esmeralda.”
“I told Esmeralda she should do away with her clan.”
Fredrick’s head jerked back to look at Gerald. “What? Are you nuts? You can’t tell her that. I’m surprised you’re still living.”
“I wasn’t worried. She told me she continues to hold the mindset that they are still the lowest of the low. She still has her eyes on the prize. She swore that when she becomes queen we would rid our world of them. But she said they do make good lovers...and she offered me one of the females of his clan.” He smiled a wicked smile. “She’s right, damn good.”
***
Disgusted by their conversation, I continued through the room and came upon a small group. From the looks of them, they were a mixture of vampires, werewolves, and a few fairies.
I wanted to listen to their conversation but a disturbance at the front interrupted my trip through the hall—Thomas and crew had arrived. His stride laid claim that he hadn’t a care in the world, and his arrogance was overwhelming as he walked straight up to my clan.
They stood with their arms across their chests, my men in front, the women behind. My other cousins came up close to support them. Damn, this isn’t good. I could see the headlines in the papers in the morning, “Blood Bath in Vegas.”
Thomas’ clan was large—at least twenty, if not more. My clan was small, but they had many friends. I just wasn’t sure if they would all help in the end.
“Bradley,” Thomas tipped his head and then played at looking around in a concerned manner before he asked, “Where is your lovely Bree? I had so hoped to hold her hand again this evening.” His smile widened in his relish to taunt while he walked back and forth in front of my family, and before he threw his jab, he stopped in front of Steven. “She isn’t as strong as you had hoped, is she? No matter, tomorrow she will be mine. How does that make you feel? There will be nothing you can do about it either.”
My mind drew close, a little too close. I had to duck when Thomas spun around and spread his arms wide to bring everyone into the conversation. 
“You have all lost. You who want to break from the old traditions. You who want to accept the lesser. We will go back to the old ways. You have lost. I told you we would win.” His voice had venom in it. “We will claim this world as ours. It will be cleansed of the weak.”
While I floated around him, I caught a scent of nervous worry. It didn’t fit his profile, and at first, I thought I was mistaken. I gave myself a little distance from him as he paraded himself in front of everyone, and I lost the scent. 
When he stopped in front of Sandy I floated close to him again, and I had to take care not to let him bump into me. I didn’t know what would happen if he did and now was not the time to find out. It was definitely his scent of fear and worry…and uncertainty that I sensed. 
His clan stood across from my clan and I saw the two women from the restaurant, Sylvia and Rebecca. Sylvia strolled up to Thomas, placed her hand on his, and whispered in his ear.
He smiled and then his gaze fell on Steven. “You are welcome to join my clan. Our little Rebecca would love to have you as her mate. Think about it, won’t you? I could spare you.” 
I was amazed to see the calm, controlled reaction from my men, but I felt their energy rise to a very dangerous level, and then…we all heard the scream. 
“I have something of yours.” He backed up, my mind flew over his head, and I was looking down at the scene. He extended his arm to show his prize. “You wanted to grow your clan with these,” he laughed. 
One of Thomas’ clansmen had Becky, and another had Ted. They walked toward the front of the room with talons bared, ready to strike when given the word. My thoughts became urgent. It was time for me to act. Stunned into believing my assumptions were wrong about Thomas, I snapped out of the trance and raced toward the bedroom. 
Bree, don’t forget the stone and the pendant, Odessa reminded.
I grabbed both necklaces and hung them around my neck, and when I raced back out of the bedroom, I scooped up my shoes, grabbed the key off the desk, and ran out the door. I frantically pressed the button to the elevator, hopping on one foot and then the other as I got my shoes on. Why didn’t I do this earlier? I had no idea what I was going to do once I got there. My hope was he’d release her when he saw me. Fat chance of that happening, I scolded myself as I urgently kept pushing the button to the elevator that was refusing to stop on my floor. Damn, if only I could fold space. 
When the elevator doors finally opened, I jumped inside. My actions startled a small Asian woman who was already a passenger in the elevator. I hurriedly offered an apology, but her eyes scolded me all the same. I kept my vision focused on the party, and when I saw they were still talking, I yelled, “I can make it, just keep talking.” The poor woman scooted into the corner of the tiny box we were in, but I didn’t bother with an explanation; instead I begged with everything I had for the elevator not to stop until we got to the main floor. When the doors opened, I bolted out of the elevator and ran toward the hall, praying as I rounded every corner. 
Hear me my strength. Please be with me. There is much I have to do, and I have not crossed. I need your help this night. 
As I rounded the last turn, I saw Nick and his two goony friends standing guard at the door. Frick! Now what? All three turned as I approached, and I slowed my steps.
“Hello, Buttercup,” Nick said as he stepped in front of me. “Can’t let you go in there just now. Thomas is making his point. You’re too late, can’t help your friends now. Why don’t you let us show you a good time? I’ve missed you.” He blew me a kiss and started laughing.
I so badly wanted to slam him into the wall. I saw myself doing it, and then suddenly, he went flying and slammed into the wall, just as I had envisioned. Whoa! Did I do that? I didn’t wait for an answer. Immediately I thought about picking him up and throwing him again at the wall. It happened again, and I giggled wickedly at my new ability.
“Oh Nick, not tonight dear. You have a headache,” I said as he slid down the door and lie flat on his back. I rubbed my hands together and smiled a devilish grin. Show time! I clenched my fists and pumped them in the air. Damn that felt good.
I opened the doors with my mind, and saw everyone turn to see what had caused the commotion. As the crowd parted, Thomas was at the front, and when he saw me, he crossed his arms and spread his legs in comfortable stance. Oddly enough, Bradley, Steven, and Rick did the same. 
Jared and Fred took a step toward me. I didn’t even look at them, but saw them in my mind hitting the floor…and they hit hard. “Floor’s just a little slippery. Watch yourselves, I wouldn’t want you to get hurt.” I wanted to stay and slam them into things a little longer, but I needed to focus my attention on what was happening inside. I would deal with them later—I knew I would have my revenge. 
There wasn’t any fear inside me anymore as I took the long walk toward Thomas and my men, but I could smell a lot of panic in the room. When I stood in front of Thomas, I folded my hands in front of me and smiled pleasantly, then demanded in a quiet voice, “Let them go.” 
Thomas’ authoritative smile turned to an amused grin. “What do I get if I do?” His eyes washed over me, he moistened his lips, and his voice was low and seductive. “You look very inviting, my dear.”
I looked down at what I was wearing and suppressed a smile. Yes, I must have looked threatening standing there in my blue jeans, Converse tennis shoes, and my Denver Bronco’s football jersey. Yes, I was sure I struck fear in them all.
“Well, Thomas, your clan can walk out of here for one,” I batted at the air with my hand. “Yeah, yeah…I know. What can this little human girl be talking about? You must be having a good laugh.” I put my hands on my hips. “You’re what, twenty strong?” I looked around the room and turned back to him. “And yet I am just one person.”
 His laugh was deep-throated, but tension oozed from him, and that had me a little concerned. I didn’t want him to act—I needed to prove to him and my family who they were dealing with. My eyes narrowed on him. “It has been a long week for me. I have had a lot thrown at me in the past few days. I’m tired, and you are starting to get on my nerves. I’ll ask nicely again—release them.”
He nodded to the clansman holding Ted, and he released him and then looked back at me with a “bring it on” expression. 
Ted struggled with his guardsman. “No, keep me. Let Becky go…you can’t harm her.” 
I turned toward him and glared. “Move to the others. Do it now.” 
He jerked his arm loose and glared at the man that had held him. Then, with defiant posturing, he tugged on his shirtsleeves to straighten the wrinkles, and walked toward Sandy. I was about to turn my attention back to Thomas when I saw the Dark Creature move out from behind him when he stood next to Sandy, and as she placed her arm around him, the vile entity licked at her. I was the only one that could see the dark mass surrounding them, and I knew I needed to end this. I wasn’t going to allow the DC to touch Sandy, or any member of my clan. I glanced at Bradley and Steven. My emotions were under control, so there wasn’t anything for them to read. Their faces and thoughts remained silent as well, but I knew we would be speaking later…they could count on that.
I looked back at Thomas. “You have one more of my family. Release her.”
“Again, I ask you, Little One. What do I get for doing that?” He smiled at me in his ‘touché moment.’
Show them, child. Let them see your strength. Believe in yourself. You will gain many here this night, Odessa counseled.
“You get knowledge to take back to your mistress. I am through playing games with her. I will show you my strength, and you may take that information back to her. You can’t control me, because your eyes have no power over me. No vampire, magical, or human, can sway me from my duty…and she knows this.” 
I didn’t give him any time to react to my little speech. I grabbed Sylvia with my mind, pinned her arms to her sides, brought her to her knees, and dragged her over to my side. People in the crowd started whispering and laughing. 
I heard someone squeal with delight, “Oh, they do put on a good show!”
Oh dear Lord, they think this is part of the evening’s entertainment. I glanced up at Thomas and I could feel several of his clansmen getting nervous. 
“Release my clan member.”
“Potential clan member,” he reminded me.
“Nonetheless, release her.” I pressed a little harder on Sylvia’s throat. We stared at each other and I knew he was searching my eyes for any sign of stress, but he found none.
I understand your dilemma, but you don’t want me as your enemy, I whispered in his mind. His eyes widened a fraction, however I was sure I was the only one that noticed. “Your want for her is strong. I will release her unharmed. All you need to do is release my clan member.” I loosened my grip on her throat just enough for her to cry a plea, and then I clamped down again and smiled sweetly to him.
He glanced over at Bradley and Steven, and when he looked back at me, his eyes narrowed in skepticism. “You will not harm her. You do not have the ability to do so.” 
“Don’t be so sure of that—tonight, all bets are off.”
I grabbed Rebecca just as violently as I had Sylvia and kept her arms pinned to her sides. I brought her to her knees, then dragged her to my other side. “My patience with you has ended.” With a quick thought, I struck at the clansman holding Becky and hit him with enough force of energy to send him flying into the crowd. My flash of anger burnt his hand, but Becky was free. “Becky, move over by Rick and Steven.” I turned to glare at the other clansman standing next to her. “Don’t give me a reason,” I challenged, and he moved out of the way. Out the corner of my eye, I saw Becky move next to Ted. Without turning to look, I dragged her with my thoughts to where I wanted her. She struggled against my pull, but she wasn’t any match for me, and once she was standing between Rick and Steven, I glanced over at her. “Evidently you did not hear me.”
I turned my attention back to Thomas, made Sylvia and Rebecca stand, and allowed my thoughts to throw them into him, maybe a bit harder than I needed to.
Then I walked back toward the clansman I’d injured and reached out my hand for him to take. He didn’t move. I nodded over my shoulder toward Thomas. “Ask your leader for his permission, and then give me your hand.” His eyes darted nervously at Thomas, then back to me, and he gave me his hand. I blew gently on the burn, and his hand immediately healed. “Next time keep your hands to yourself.” 
I wasn’t going to stand around and play mind games with them, so on my way back toward the front of the room, I sent my thoughts to my men, and to Thomas and Greg. Thomas, I am aware of your need to save face with your mistress, however, you chose the wrong way to do it. I will ask this just once, trust me on what I am about to do. They all looked at one another. Thomas, I continued, please tell the men of your clan to remain calm and not to attack…I don’t want to hurt them. I want all of the women kept out of this conversation, and I do mean all. 
The DC was still lovingly caressing Ted and licking at Sandy, I noticed movement off to my left. The DC was now showing itself over the six new members of Thomas’ clan. The hairs on my arms rose, and the hall became as quiet as a tomb—and grew just as cold.
I kept my focus on the six members that the DC lingered over, and unfortunately my stare made those six members nervous and they began panicking.
“It’s time you showed yourselves,” I whispered. The six turned to one another in confusion, but I didn’t pay their confused looks any heed as I continued to direct my comments to the DC. “That’s usually the way evil is. You are a cowardly emotion, and I will not let you take hold of them.” I blew a breath of air, and the veil that hid the DC from everyone vanished.
I heard screams and gasps from the crowd. I felt the anger from my clan, and from Thomas and his men, but I couldn’t dwell on that. I still had work to do.
“You need to leave them. They are not what you want. Go back to your master.” The DC grew in size and became darker. I sensed my men readying themselves to come to my aide, and I felt the same thing in Thomas’ clan, but I held my hand up a signal to them all I was fine. 
Odessa came into my thoughts. You have nothing to fear. This spirit cannot harm you. You must remember that.
Boldly, I walked toward the DC, and as I did, the six members of Thomas’ clan fell to the floor and hugged their sides. I knew they were feeling the cold fingers that squeezed their hearts and lungs.
With determined resolve to end this now, I stood dangerously close to the vile entity.
“Release them.” When the DC didn’t move, I closed my eyes, summoned the wind, and guided a strong gust directly at them. The force of the wind held the six down flat on the floor and pushed the dark away from them. The DC swirled into a black tornado, but my force was stronger, and it carried the black mass toward the ceiling. The DC struggled against my strength and cried its haunting whine.
“You will die. You cannot win. There are more of us than you know. We will walk the earth once more. Your time is short, Chosen One. Hear our warning.” Then it vanished.
I didn’t have time to pat myself on the back or answer any questions—I had to turn my attention back to Sandy and Ted. The DC that hung on Ted was still invisible to everyone, and I needed to remove Sandy from Ted’s side before it made its presence known. I pictured her disappearing and reappearing next to Bradley, but nothing happened and I didn’t have time to practice. I sent a thought to my grandmother, Gran, please. Remove Sandy from Ted’s side.
Sandy disappeared and reappeared next to Gran, and Ted knew immediately I was on to him. As he watched me, a smile came to his lips. He realized I could see his friend hugging and caressing him. Slowly, the entity appeared for all to see, and the crowd went silent. My clan’s anger was immeasurable, and Becky was terrified.
“Aubrey, I’m impressed,” Ted laughed and glanced at my men. Steven pressed past Bradley, and was at my side in an instant, and it wasn’t long before I felt the others gathering around me as well.
Ted waved their stride off. “Gentlemen, you can’t harm me. I have a protective shield around me. Relax. Your time will soon come, but today is not the day. Our alliances grow as the darkness grows. The dark was correct, your time is short, Chosen One,” he tipped his head toward me. “Enjoy yourself while you can,” then he disappeared.
I turned and faced Bradley’s chest. I lifted my eyes up at him, and gave him a pressed smile. He suppressed his grin, and stepped back so I could move around him. I glanced at Billy—he nodded, his way of showing me his support. I gave a stern look to Rick—he looked back at me just as sternly. I looked at Steven with a pouted frown, and he didn’t even acknowledge it. When my eyes fell back on Bradley, he extended his arm, beckoning me to continue. I drew a deep breath and walked past him toward Thomas.
“You have what you need to take back to your mistress. Let her know her spell didn’t work, the opportunity didn’t present itself, and that my mind is strong. It will be an open forum tomorrow, and my families will be there. Let her know I will not go with her tomorrow or any other day. I will return home with my families. My clan is strong, and my family will not fall. Tell Essie that for me, won’t you? And Thomas, you have nothing to be ashamed of this evening. She didn’t listen to you, and you didn’t understand my strength, but now you do.” I tipped my head at him and smiled. 
He smiled back and thought to me, Aubrey our clans need to meet. We have to discuss these events.
Thomas, you will have to speak with Bradley, but I agree—a meeting is most definitely needed.
As they left the ballroom, I watched some of Thomas’ men picked up the three unconscious heaps I’d left at the entrance. The music started again, people clapped and cheered, and before I knew it, a large group of people surrounded me. They were pressing in on me—into my space, my zone. I didn’t become defensive, nor did I feel the need to back away from them, and that was a good feeling for a change. For once, I had control, and I so enjoyed the feeling.
Several reached to take my hand, and in the blink of an eye, Rick and Steven were on either side of me. I didn’t bother to look at them, but instead reached to shake the offered hands. A very attractive looking young man asked if he could have a dance with me. I smiled and asked him his name. “Justin, my lady. I am from the House of Boyd.”
“I will remember your House’s name,” then I asked if he would accept a rain check on the dance. I had business to attend to now.
“Certainly, my lady.” He dipped his head and stepped to the side.
I started forward again, but had only managed to take a few steps when a very distinguished looking gentleman walked up to me. Steven introduced us. “Bree, this is Señor Hernandez of the Spanish Cult.”
Señor Hernandez clicked his heels together and bowed at the waist, took my hand, raised it to his lips, and kissed it. I could feel the strength of his heart in his touch. His dark eyes added to his strong features. His hair looked as soft as satin and he worn it long, covering his ears, but as he bowed, I saw the pointed tips, and realized I was speaking with an elf.
“Ms. Campbell, let me be the first to tell you the Spanish Cult will stand by you when you have crossed. We pledge protection to you and your clan—you need only to ask.” I knew his words were true because he hid nothing of his thoughts from my mind.
“Protect her well, Steven, for I fear many will want to mate with her. She is very strong.” He bowed again and left.
I glanced from side to side at Rick and Steven, and then turned around to face the rest of my clan. “The child is going back to her room now. Goodnight.”
“Bree, stay. You are here now and the threat is gone. Please stay and enjoy the evening,” Bradley said.
I gave him a knowing smile. “I prefer the quiet of my room. That was where you wanted me to be and that is where I will be,” I said, and turned and left.
***
Bill stood with his hands on his hips, as he watched Bree walk out of the room. “Okay, you know when I said she would get over this in no time? I was wrong. We are so deep on her shit list we may never see the end of this. I don’t even think an apology will work.” He gave Steven and Rick an “oh shit!” look. 
“I’ll talk with her,” Steven said, and he started for the door knowing Billy was right. 
“I know it’s not my place to speak,” said Becky, “but if I were you, I would let her work this out on her own. She’ll speak with you, but I saw her eyes. Somehow, you guys really hurt her. She’s mad—make no mistake about that, but I’ve seen that look before. Give her a night to be on her own. If you can’t see your way to a whole night, at least give her a few hours.”
Brad frowned at her. “I will give her ten minutes to throw her tantrum, and then I will speak with her. We will not give her a night, not this time,” he said confidently.
“Your funeral, chief.”
“I’ve been to it before.” 
***
When I entered my room, a bottle of bourbon with a ribbon on it and a note attached appeared on the counter. I wasn’t going to pay their attempt at an apology any heed, but the bottle followed me into the dining room. I spun around to yell at it, but the note opened and I heard my grandmother’s voice.

My child, they had your best interests at heart. I know they weren’t thinking of how you would respond. Steven is so scared to lose you, and now you have Brad who is just as scared. Do not be too harsh with them. Finding two loves in one lifetime is indeed very precious. Get your anger out and establish your ground rules, then kiss and make up. Do not let a day go by that you do not forgive each other. Remember, we are all human in one form or another. 

“Ah, frick! I was all set to be royally peeved and now this.” I grabbed the bottle out of the air, opened it, added ice to a glass, and poured myself a drink. As I took a sip, I noticed the light on my phone indicating I had a message. “Geez, I wonder who?” I sarcastically said. I debated for a long moment whether or not to listen to it, but my curiosity got the better of me, so I walked to the desk, pressed the button, and listened the message aloud.

You have made a strong statement. Many are pleased. She is not. You exposed the dark, and that was not her wish. Tomorrow you will meet her—do not let your resolve weaken. We have left a package for you on your dresser. Wear them tomorrow along with the necklace. Your place is strong on the Council. We love you, our sister.

The message ended, but I didn’t erase it as I had all the others. I knew the time was drawing near to tell my clan my path, but I also knew as soon as I did everything was going to change, and I wasn’t ready for that. I finished my drink, poured another, and went into the bedroom to get the package. 
It contained two sterling silver bracelets, each having a large amber stone. They were quite striking. I took a long drink as I examined the bracelets, then set my glass down and slipped them on my wrists. They were heavy, but they felt as though they were meant to be on my wrists. Then, I felt the healing stone warming against my chest, and at the same time, I felt the warmth on my wrist from the bracelets. I took all three off and went back into the living room. As soon as I entered the room, Bradley appeared. 
I ignored him and walked to the bar to pour myself another full glass. I was getting more generous with the alcohol. I had never been able to get drunk, and now I understood why—my blood kept me from feeling that buzz—but tonight the burn of the liquor on my throat helped keep the painful lump away. 
“Can I offer you anything?” I asked. He raised his drink in answer to my question. “What part of 'goodnight' did you not understand?”
He remained silent, took a sip of his drink, and continued to look at me. I knew what he was doing, and it wasn’t going to work. I decided to end his little game, so I set my glass down and walked toward the bedroom. 
“Where do you think you’re going now?”
I spun around. “Well! You can speak. Amazing! I’m going to bed, by myself. Goodnight. I will see you in the morning.”
“No you are not. You will come back here and speak with me. You and I will not part tonight mad at each other, and you will not remain mad at Steven. We made the wrong choice tonight. We made a mistake. We misjudged. We were wrong. Is that what you want to hear? Given all the same circumstances, I would do it again in a heartbeat. We care that much for you. Steven cares that much for you, and damn it Bree, I care that much for you.” He sat there looking at me.
“You drugged me.” I stood rigid at the bedroom door. “I had no control over my own being. I had no choice in the matter. People I thought loved me drugged me. You and Steven are not treating me as a partner. You are both treating me as the little human who knows nothing. Well, I have news for both of you—I know plenty and I can do a lot more than I should be able to do. Did you not see that this evening? When will you seven listen to me?”
He set his glass down, got up from his chair and with several quick steps stood in front of me. I crossed my arms over my chest.
“Please…keep your distance. I need to be angry with you right now. I do not want your apology,” my voice softened.
He didn’t listen to my plea as he wrapped his arms around me and pulled me to him. “I will not give you an apology. I love you too much to see you hurt.” His kiss was cool and intense. With one arm around my waist he held me tight until I relaxed in his arms, his other hand tenderly held my neck. I returned his kiss, struggling with my mind over the feelings I was having, as my emotions were back at odds with each other. 
“We can’t do this,” I said softly to him. 
“Shhh, yes we can,” he replied. His embrace was strong and his lips encouraged mine to respond. He scooped me up in his arms, laid me on the sofa, and moved beside me. “I love you. Damn, I love you so,” he whispered. 
His kisses were heated, and I responded softly to him, calming him. “This is not the time for this,” I mumbled numbly through a kiss, and his embrace softened. “I love you, but this is not our time. You will wait until the Gathering. You told Steven you could wait, and you made a promise to me. You will keep your word.” I felt his chest, searching for my tone. It was there and that made me smile. He laid his hand on my breast feeling my heartbeat, and after a long moment, he was satisfied.
He propped his head with one hand and continued to stroke my cheek with the other. “I am sorry we did that to you this evening. It was my decision. Please don’t be mad,” he said as he calmed his emotions.
I did my best to compose myself. “Apologizing again?” I gave him a coy smile and his smile came quickly.
“I so love you. Never doubt that,” he said.
“I don’t doubt it. Let’s call the others. We need to have a clan meeting. We need to set the ground rules. If I am going to lead with you, then we need to have an understanding. I need to talk with Steven. I need to forgive him. I can feel his sad heart all the way up here.” I kissed him softly again on the lips. “What came over you by the way? My goodness.”
He started laughing, got up and pulled me up. “My dear, I have found when you are angry with me, it excites me. You stand your ground and I love it. Plus,” he paused and fought a smile. “Seeing you march up that hall in the fashion you did…was ah, quite arousing. Can you not see your way to release me from my promise?” He saw me grin. “Yes, maybe you will weaken,” he teased. “Steven was right, you are a handful, and I like that.” He kissed my hand.
I gave a small sigh. “I’ll remember to keep my anger toward you to a minimum. Will you please call them? And we shall see about your promise.” 
I went to the bathroom to compose myself. The cool water on my face felt wonderful. I stared at myself in the mirror and sighed. “Oh Steven, where are you?”
There was a soft tap on the bathroom door, then it slowly opened, and there he stood. 
“Are you still mad at me? I just wanted you safe. I didn’t stop to think how that would make you feel. I would never hurt you or take advantage of you in that state. Nor would I let anyone else, but…I would do that again if need be just to keep you safe.”
“I know you wouldn’t hurt me, and I’m sorry I reacted the way I did.” I rose on my tiptoes, leaned in, and kissed him. “Let’s get this meeting over with. I need time alone with you. Tomorrow is coming quickly, and I need to be with you. You give me more strength than you realize, and I fear I am in desperate need of it now.”
“You realize Brad is hurting,” he gave me a naughty grin.
I smiled back just as naughty. “He has a mate, and she can ease his pain. He will not die from his. I admit he may be uncomfortable, but that won’t kill him. His desire for me will cool once the newness wears off.”
“No, it will never cool. His passion for you will always be great. My passion for you will be immeasurable…you will need your rest,” he laughed and hugged me tightly. “I will see that you get enough rest.”
Chapter 38


We walked into the living room, and I noticed a few new faces in our group. One was my cousin Stanley and his friend Dirk, plus two women and another man I had never seen before; I could only assume some planning was going to take place. 
I walked around to each of my clan and ran my hand along their throats. Then I whispered in Billy’s ear and several pitchers of their special drink appeared, along with a variety of different foods. “Help yourselves to the food. I didn’t see any of you eating at the party.” I kissed Billy on the cheek and offered him a glass of whiskey. I looked at Stanley, “What can I offer you...bourbon, whiskey? What can I offer your friends?”
“Bourbon, will be fine, Sweet Pea, and my friends will have the drink of your clan,” he said with an arched eyebrow.
I poured everyone’s beverage, gave them out, then sat on the arm of the loveseat next to Steven. I looked up and Rick was watching me. 
What’s wrong, Little One? he asked.
I’ve a lot to sort through, that’s all. 
Let us help you. Tell us what your path is.
There are too many present for that now. Later, I promise. 
My thoughts went to Bradley. Did Thomas make his request to you? 
Yes, he did. You surprise me sometimes, Aubrey. Thomas and several of his clan are waiting for me to call them. Do you see any more of the Dark Creatures? Does Becky have any clinging to her?
No, Becky never did. Ted, for whatever reason, kept it from her. She was just as unaware as you, and now she is very scared. You can’t turn her away now. Ted will surely kill her. 
That is not my decision, but I can tell you the other three males of your clan wish her gone, and gone now. 
Please, you can’t turn her away now. We can find another solution. Please talk with them, I pleaded with him.
He didn’t answer me, but he spoke to everyone, “We need to have a short meeting. I would like the females to leave. Stanley, Dirk, and Andrew—you are welcome to stay.”
“Does Bree get to stay?” Madalyn questioned. I could tell by the way she was sitting, with her hands folded tightly in her lap, that her frustration with me was growing again.
“Yes Madalyn, she is staying. This concerns her,” Bradley said firmly, and without another word, they left. 
“Thomas has requested an audience with us again. They are waiting for my answer. I suggest we meet with them. However, does anyone have any questions before they arrive?” Bradley asked. 
 “Yeah, I do,” said Rick. He turned in my direction. “What brought you downstairs this evening?” I felt his thoughts tapping on the door to my mind and I gave him entrance. Time for you to let me know how much you have grown, my little lady. If I am going to protect your pretty little ass, you had better show me what cards you hold.
I smiled at him, closed the door to my thoughts, stood and poured myself another drink before I answered his question. As I spoke I took the pitcher around to refill everyone else’s glass. “Well, as Bradley put it earlier, I was up here throwing my little tantrum,” I smiled at him and he grinned. “I got bored and decided to venture downstairs to join the party. I heard your conversations, then heard others, then saw Thomas and heard his threats. I heard Becky’s scream…that’s when I left here and went there. 
“Nick, Fred, and Jared were standing guard at the doors. I didn’t know what to do, but I wanted to slam Nick into the wall so badly…and then I did.” I looked at Steven. “It felt great!” I smiled and he smiled back at me. “I understand the strength my mind holds now. I shouldn’t be able to do any of this yet, but I can.” I shrugged a shoulder.
“I knew if I didn’t go down there, Thomas would have hurt Ted and Becky. It wasn’t his intent, but he had to save face with Esmeralda; so, to protect his clan, something bad would have had to happen. Then every one of you would have gotten involved, and I just couldn’t sit by and let that happen. I knew he had no control over me, and I was still very mad at all of you.” I poured Stanley another glass of bourbon. He looked up at me and gave me one of his sweet grins. “I knew tonight was important…but my clan obviously had different plans for the evening.” 
I stopped next to Billy and he took my hand, then said, “I was aware what they were planning, and I bought into it as well.”
“Yeah, I know. I heard. What am I going to do with you, Billy?” I shook my head. “When will you all listen to me?” I nudged him. “Ya gotta let me grow up.”
“No I don’t,” he mumbled.
We looked at each other for a long moment and then I continued. “Anyway…where was I…I had a thought…oh yeah. The dark was all over Ted, and I had Sandy too close to him. He was keeping the DC with him, but I decided at that moment that I wanted him away from my clan. I wanted the DC away from those in Thomas’ clan as well—not for Thomas’ sake, but for theirs. They were nothing but pawns in Esmeralda’s plan, and they didn’t have a choice. So now I have given their choice back to them, and I gave Thomas the information he needed to take back to Esmeralda. End of story.”
“DC?” Stanley had a skeptical look on his face.
“Bree has named the dark shadows—the evil—‘Dark Creatures,’ DC for short,” Rick advised him, then turned to me again. “You said for him to tell her the spell didn’t work. You also said she didn’t listen to him. And the first time you met Thomas, you told him you saw the jar. What did you mean by all of that?” 
I realized I needed to watch what I said around my Richard—he pays very close attention. I would’ve preferred to talk about everything once we were back in Texas, but at the rate things were going, I knew I was going to have to tell them about my dreams…but now was not the time. 
“Yeah, I did say that.” I shrugged my shoulders. “Don’t know…it just came out.” 
“Her strength has grown considerably over these past few days…it’s unheard of. It’s going to be more difficult to protect her,” Stanley said. “I’ll have someone outside her door at all times, even with you in here, and someone in the room with her when you aren’t around. We’ll make new arrangements at home. Looks like we need to go back to the day and night surveillance.”
“I’ll be with her at night, she’ll be fine then. If I am gone, then Brad, Rick, or Bill will be with her. Let your men rest at night,” Steven said.
“Are you sure? It’s no problem to watch the house. We’re used to it,” Dirk offered. His expression told me he hoped Steven would change his mind.
“Yeah, we’re sure, Dirk,” Rick laughed, and then he asked me, “How long have you been able to use your mind like that?”
“Like what?” I questioned.
He arched an eyebrow. “Throwing people around…dragging people to their knees…need I continue?”
“Ah…what time is it?”
He looked at his watch. “Nine-thirty.”
“Two hours then,” I answered. Steven groaned, Billy threw his hands in the air, Stanley laughed, and Rick closed his eyes and shook his head. I gave Bradley my best smile. He exhaled a hard breath and rubbed his forehead.
“Any more questions, gentlemen?” Bradley asked, sounding almost afraid of their answers.
“None that won’t keep until after we’ve met with Thomas,” Rick groaned.
A few minutes later, Thomas and seven of his clan arrived in my suite.
Thomas tipped his head to Bradley. “Thank you for allowing us entry. We will not abuse it, you have my word.” 
“Your word,” Dirk scoffed.
“Dirk, manners. The clan has accepted this meeting, so let’s hear them out,” Stanley rebuked.
Dirk’s remark didn’t seem to bother Thomas or Greg; however, I could sense unrest in the rest of his group. Thomas made sure he’d brought the correct number with him, because his clan and mine were matched man for man. Obviously, they didn’t consider me a threat. I decided not to join in on this discussion. By merely observing I would probably gain much more insight into how the clans worked with one another. I offered them all a drink, which they all accepted, and then I sat next to Bradley.
With a swish of his hand, Billy made several comfortable chairs appear. “Have a seat, gentlemen—it may be a long night.”
Thomas sat first, and then the rest took their seats. “It has been brought to my attention, that Aubrey had a…” Thomas glanced at me and nodded before he looked back at Steven, “problem earlier,” he paused, “that was not our doing. I was going to send a messenger earlier with that information. However, under the circumstances, I thought it best I convey that message personally.”
“You played no part in drugging her?” Stanley asked.
“None,” Greg replied. 
“Any idea of who might have done it?” Stanley asked.
“It was not done by our hands,” was all Greg would say. 
“You may want to look deeper into your clan. I think you may find others working against you,” Rick advised. 
“My men are loyal. They know the score,” Thomas replied.
“I wasn’t referring to your men,” Rick said, watching Thomas’ clansmen.
Thomas leaned back in his chair and gave Rick a suspicion stare. “To whom, exactly, are you referring? Are you accusing one of my females? Unlike your clan, we do not involve them in our business. They have no need in knowing.”
“A conversation was overheard that I think you might be interested in,” Rick answered.
“A conversation?” he asked. 
While Thomas tone was still friendly, I noticed several of his men shift in their chairs. 
“In the restaurant yesterday, where Bree had her…problem. Two females of your clan were overheard planning. They wanted to prove themselves to your mistress,” Rick offered.
“What was heard?” Greg asked.
Rick relayed the conversation to them and when he finished, Greg asked, “So you want us to believe our lead female and her companion are joining with Esmeralda?” he laughed, “Rick, come on. Sylvia? She is too timid, and Rebecca? Hardly. Who apparently overheard this little chat?”
“I did,” I said—so much for not getting involved.
The room got quiet and everyone stared at me as if they just realized I was still in the room.
“You heard them?” Greg repeated.
“Yes. What Rick told you is the truth. Your clan has been compromised.” I looked at Thomas. “You have fallen out of favor with Esmeralda, and Sylvia’s lust for power has compromised you.”
“Aubrey, Sylvia is a weak female, and Rebecca is even weaker. I find this all very hard to believe,” Thomas said.
“Believe what you like. I have no reason to lie to you. Sylvia’s lust for power is strong, and she wants to be ‘on the winning side,’ as she put it. Esmeralda was impressed enough with her to introduce her to your potential replacement. You have lost your leader, your mate, to this lust. The saying, 'power corrupts' crosses both our realms,” I replied.
“You have every reason to lie to us,” one of Thomas clansmen said, immediately wishing he hadn’t, from the look Greg threw him.
I chuckled. “If Thomas had wanted me dead, I would have died a long time ago, but that was not his charge.”
“How do you know what my charge is? How did you hear this…this conversation…and why the hell did your clan not heed the warning and keep you away this evening?” Thomas demanded.
“Your warning!” Stanley growled. “We received no warning from you.”
“Did your contact not tell you she must not attend?” Greg asked.
“He did, and we tried to keep her here; however, Bree had other ideas,” Bradley said quietly. 
“Yes, I did. I told you I needed to be there. The Council needs to understand I’m not afraid of them, but all of you are so worried I have a death wish. I have no such wish. I have told you repeatedly…I have even shown you,” I said, motioning with my hand toward Thomas. “I cannot fall to a vampire…there is no power in your eyes to hold me. I was able to show you her Dark Creatures…”
Thomas interrupted me. “Thank you for removing my problem. We didn’t speak of it, as you suggested. Now I can claim no knowledge of their penetration into my clan. We will dispose of the new members soon.”
“No!” I said, much to everyone’s surprise. “You took them in, you have a responsibility to them. They were duped into this, just as you were. You can’t simply dispose of them because you don’t want to be bothered with them.”
“They are not your concern,” that same clansman said. 
Greg was quick to admonish him, “Stinson, that’s enough. When I ask for your opinion, you may offer it. Until then hold your tongue.”
“Bree,” Steven said, “Becky will not be allowed to stay with us either. It is far too dangerous for you. I will not allow it. Brad will not allow it, nor will the rest of the male members of your clan. She will have to take her chances on the outside. We can’t offer her protection, and she knows this.”
I couldn’t believe my ears. Even my own clan was ready to throw an innocent person away because it would make their lives a little harder. I stared at all of them in stunned silence for what felt like the longest moment in history. My voice cracked with pain of their judgment. “I can’t believe I am hearing this. Rick, Billy—do you feel the same way as Steven?”
“Yeah, Half Pint, we do. The danger is too great. Ted will be back with more of your enemies. He can’t let her live…she knows too much.” 
“So, we just open the doors and throw her out? Leave her vulnerable to his attack, which you know will be swift. Just like that?” I stood and went to stand by the window, then turned to Thomas and his clan. “Thomas, you would dispose of six innocent lives because you don’t wish to be bothered? Six innocent lives who pose no threat to you? It’s that easy for you?”
Steven spoke, “Bree, you don’t understand. You’re looking at this with emotions, female emotions I might add.”
“This is why we don’t allow females to partake in our meetings,” Sean growled.
My hard stare at Sean didn’t upset him in least. I lowered my eyes, clenched my jaw, and balled my hands in fists before I realized Steven was correct. I was letting my emotions guide me instead of stating my case. I took a deep breath, cleared my mind, and let the anger flow out of me before I took another stab at making myself heard. 
“You are correct, Steven. I am looking at it with emotion, human emotion, because that is what I still am. If I remember correctly, you went looking for them…you did it for me. But now the tables have turned. You didn’t see the dark until I came along, and by me protecting my clan from it, I have put her in danger—we will not leave her vulnerable. It’s the right thing to do. Stanley, you will have your men watch over her until we can make other arrangements. I am protected by my clan and my family, I will be fine.”
“No can do, Sweet Pea. I am charged with your protection,” he said firmly. “We can manage both. End of discussion.”
 “Stanley, I can offer you a few of our men to help…protect Becky, I mean. I’m sure you will not accept our offer to help protect Bree,” Greg said.
“I appreciate that, but seeing the blood boil here in this room, it may not be wise to mix our groups. I’m sure we can handle it until the clan comes up with a solution.” 
“Thomas, please do not think I have forgotten about your six members. You allowed them entry—they deserve your protection now. You may be surprised with them,” I said.
“I doubt that Aubrey. Once you removed the, ah…”
“DC,” I offered. “I couldn’t think of anything else to call them. They are not a true life form, they’re just something that Esmeralda conjured up to do her bidding. DC—Dark Creature.”
He smiled at my explanation, Greg chuckled, and the rest of his clan had amused looks on their faces. “Once you removed the…DC, they were very timid, nervous, and weak. I can’t have that frailty in the males of my clan,” he said.
“Well, I suppose if I had just regained control of my faculties and realized I was in your clan, not remembering how the hell I got there, I too might be a little timid, nervous, and weak,” I countered. “I’m not asking you to put them on the front lines, or to give away clan secrets. I’m asking you to do what’s right. I am asking you not to dispose of them like they’re trash.” I noticed the clansman I had injured at the party. I motioned to him with a nod of my chin. “How’s the hand?”
His eyes widened and he held his hand with his other hand and looked at Greg, then his eyes darted toward Rick. Greg gave permission for him to answer my question. 
He raised his hand and wiggled his fingers. “It’s fine, my la…,” he caught himself before he finished his sentence, cleared his throat, and with a wrinkled brow he said my name instead, “Aubrey.” I smiled and turned toward the window. 
The quiet returned to the room and it made me uncomfortable. I could feel the uncertainty and confusion in Thomas’ thoughts. I needed to get this conversation going again, so I turned back to face everyone.
“Thomas, you and your clan are in great danger. Sylvia and Rebecca do not know you know about them. Use that to your advantage. I’m sure you have heard the saying, ‘keep your friends close and your enemies closer.’ I suggest you do that. Esmeralda is not yet ready to implement her plans; if she were, she would have done it some time ago. I told you she would panic once she realized how strong I have become as a human. She is still gathering her forces. She does not have enough of the Council on her side. She needs more races to join with her. Once she has gained enough members, she will show her strength. She needs to show she is powerful, and then she will strike.” He stayed quiet and looked at the floor. “You have something on your mind, Thomas. Ask it.”
He exhaled and ran his hand over his face, not wanting to appear out of control to his clan or mine. He looked back at me and said, “You seem to know things, about me, about Esmeralda. How? You know the pet name I call her. It relaxes her. You seem to know things about my missions. You know what she seeks, and you give me that information, all the while keeping my cover. Why?”
Everyone watched me…waiting on answers I wasn’t ready to give. My thoughts were certain, however, that these two clans would need to work together if we were to succeed. The weight of everything I going to have to do was heavy on my shoulders. I had never asked for this, but this was my path to follow and I would not walk away from it…but I was not ready to talk about it either.
“Thomas, just know that I know much, and I see and hear a lot.” I smiled. “What I can tell you is, these two clans,” I pointed at each group, “will need to work together in the future, and that future is getting closer. I’m sorry to be so vague, but I’m still trying to understand all of this. I’m still trying to get everything organized in my mind.” I shrugged a shoulder. “Sometimes I can see everything so clearly…and at other times there’s a fog that covers a scene…currently, the fog is covering you…but my mind tells me you are not what you appear.” I gave a light chuckle and shook my head. “You have been here longer than you should. She will be looking for your report. Good luck, Thomas. The more you walk in your path, the riskier it becomes…I know that much…and I hope your true master knows it as well.”
He smiled at me, and with a nod of his head, they disappeared.
The tension in the room was thick, and the quiet remained and I didn’t like it. I glanced at the clock expecting it to be late, but it was only ten thirty. I wanted to stop talking about all of this, and I wanted my clan to relax. I wanted Steven to hold me in his arms and keep me safely there forever. The mountains were sounding better with each passing thought I had. “Billy, where’s Gina?” I asked as I sat on the arm of the chair Steven sat in.
“I made her go to bed. She wanted to be here, said she feels great. She was pretty proud of you this evening, Half Pint.”
“Well, I was thinking maybe we should all go dancing or out for drinks. It’s only ten thirty. I want to be in bed by one thirty, so what do you say about getting rid of some of this nervous energy? What do you think, Bradley? You think these guys could use some downtime? Billy, do you think Gina might want to come down and sit with us? I’ll bet she’s not asleep.”
“I’ll bet she’s not either, Half Pint.”
“Come on. All of you have such long faces,” I nudged Steven. “Smile, take me dancing. Tomorrow will come soon enough.”
“We really should discuss this,” Stanley said.
“No more tonight. Tomorrow, after I meet with the Council, you can all plan your strategies, but for the remainder of the night, I want my clan to relax. I want you to relax. Let your minds relax. Nothing will happen to me tonight,” I said.
“Yeah, I’m up for dancing. I know I could use a stress reliever,” Rick said.
“Stanley, please, you and your friends are welcome to join us. Come on, Cousin, I hardly get to spend any time with you. Look, you can protect me there. I’ll even let you take a drink of every drink I get, so they don’t slip something into it again,” I smiled. “Come dancing with us.”
“Oh, all right. We’ll go secure a spot. Andrew, why don’t you go get Tina and Kristin and we’ll meet you there.” 
After everyone left, Steven picked up my hand and very calmly said, “I will allow Becky to join us, but you are not to be close to her at all tonight. Do you understand what I am saying? Not at all.”
“Thank you,” I smiled. “We’ll think of something, maybe another clan. Maybe she’ll have to hide away for a while.” I leaned over and kissed him. “Now, let’s go dancing for heaven’s sake.” 
Chapter 39


Everyone was already there by the time Steven and I arrived. Billy had ordered our drinks, and Bradley and Madalyn were heading to the dance floor. Rick was dancing with Becky, and Sandy was dancing with Stanley. Dirk and Andrew were dancing with the two women no one had yet introduced me to, so I could only assume they were Tina and Kristin. 
“So Gina, have you decided on a name yet?” I asked as Steven and I sat down.
“Yes, I have decided on the name Todd,” she said grinning when she looked at Billy.
“Todd…didn’t you have a boyfriend named Todd?” Billy asked. He winked at me so I knew he was needling her as he passed us our drinks. “I’ll not have one of my boys named after one of your boyfriends.”
“I like the name Todd—reminds me of a little fox. It’s a good name. Todd Campbell. Sounds strong.” I grinned and winked at Billy and took a drink of my wine.
“It does not sound strong,” he retorted.
“Does too.” I stuck my tongue out at him.
“Oh, now that was real adult of you, and you expect me to let you grow up! Steven, as Stanley observed, you have your hands full with this one. I relinquish her to your care.” He raised his beer mug in a toast of his comment, but I knew he would never relinquish my care to anyone. He would always be in my life. 
Rick and Becky returned to the table and she sat very quietly. I could only assume Rick had informed her of the clan’s decision. I couldn’t stand it and I had to think of something to distract myself. 
“So Billy, I’m curious. You said earlier that you were with me at college on some occasions at parties and in my classes. I have racked my brain and I gotta say, I got nothin’. I assume you looked different so I wouldn’t recognize you. Were you by yourself or did you have your cohorts in crime with you?”
“My ‘cohorts’ were with me, and so was Gina, for my protection.”
“Why did she have to protect you?” I laughed.
“Let’s just say some of your girlfriends were very…friendly.”
I agreed with that statement. 
“Actually, we made a point of being at every party you went to,” Steven said.
“Why?” 
“Oh, I don’t know. Alcohol, guys and girls…I wanted to make sure nothing happened to you,” he answered and narrowed his eyes at me.
“Oh. Well, you needn’t have bothered…they were harmless little gatherings…”
Billy interrupted my speech with a bark of a laugh. “Harmless? Whisky shots with young men whose hormones were raging was not harmless.” 
Thankfully everyone returned to the table, and I was hopeful his lecture would end. Sandy laughingly made a comment that Stanley was a very good dancer, and I prayed my response would take our conversation in a different direction. 
“It’s one of the many talents of the Campbell family,” I informed her, but my prayers went unanswered as Rick quickly filled everyone in on our current conversation. 
“Oh man! Those damn parties you went to,” Stanley said shaking his head. “Man, I thought Gran was going to skin me alive letting you do half the shit you did.”
I gave him an ‘I’m sorry’ shrug. 
“Whisky shots,” Billy repeated with a shake of his head.
“I remember that party,” Steven said. 
“If I remember correctly, you had quite a big problem with one particular coed that night,” Rick laughed.
“Talk about an octopus,” Steven laughed. 
I took acceptation to his comment as I thought he was referring to me, “And that bothered you?” 
“Unfortunately, Steven wasn’t your date that night,” Billy snickered.
I looked at Billy and defended myself over the whisky shots, “That was the only time I did that.” 
“It wasn’t her fault,” Becky said, coming to my defense. “Jeanine was the one who made the challenge.” Then by her dazed stare, I could tell she just remembered she wasn’t supposed to talk to me. My heart broke when she looked down at her hands and I saw them tremble. I glared at Rick.
He leaned over and wrapped his arm around her shoulder. “S’okay kid. I’ve given up on it for tonight. Just don’t try to hug her.” Then he looked at me and winked.
Becky beamed, and with a green light to talk, she didn’t let it pass. “Gosh, that was one wild night. Jeanine was so hot on that guy. What was his name? Ah yeah! Jake. She was so busy building his ego, and he got this big idea that he could drink any one of us under the table. The challenge kept growing, but no one would take him up on the offer. He was starting to look like a fool, so Jeanine threw Bree under the bus. Next thing we knew, they were setting up shot glasses. Damn, there had to be at least twenty-five glasses apiece. I’d never seen Bree get drunk…” she paused, “I understand why now, but then I was scared for her—but she was a trooper. She sat down and they started drawing questions out of the ‘Hat of Knowledge.’”
“The what?” Sandy laughed. 
“The Hat of Knowledge. We were partying with a bunch of college kids that watched a lot of Jeopardy. Anyway, they’d ask a question, and if Jake or Bree missed the answer, they had to down a shot. They couldn’t sip it—they had to down it in one swallow. Bree was doing pretty well. She had only missed two out of the five questions they had asked, but all of a sudden,” she paused, her eyes grew wide and then she started laughing, “there was this huge bookcase along the back wall of the room we were in and books started flying off the shelves. The lights started flickering and everyone was screaming. The floors even started rumbling.”
“That was one of my better moves,” Billy laughed.
“Well that’s one way to break up a party,” Sandy snickered.
“Oh, the party didn’t end,” continued Becky. “Someone yelled ‘earthquake!’ and everyone ran outside. Once we were outside, we saw it was just the fraternity house that was shaking. After it stopped, someone yelled ‘séance’ and everyone went back inside.”
“Leave it to college kids to ignore danger,” Sandy laughed.
Our conversation headed in other directions, and Rick asked if I would like to dance. I knew that was a dangerous request. I remembered my Richard well. This was his way of getting answers to questions I knew needled him. If I were to deny his request, I knew that would only fuel his thoughts, so I accepted. 
Once on the dance floor, he twirled me into his arms and started swaying with me. He whispered how much he had missed me, and I snuggled into him. We danced our way through the first song and not once did he enlighten me as to his questions—but I knew he had them—I just had to wait. As the next song began, his arms tightened around me, and that told me his questions were coming.
“You want to tell me about the cryptic message up in your room?” he asked. “I’m taking advantage of my time with you, so spill it, sister.”
I shook my head and laughed. “You don’t have to find a reason to dance with me, you know.”
“I know. Come on, if I have to wait my time to be with you, the least you could do is let me hold you. Now back to the question. How do you know the things you know?” 
I shrugged my shoulders. 
“Not good enough,” he whispered. “Look…the more we know, the safer it is for you, and since you are always worrying about us, the safer it will be for us, too.” 
He had a point. Great. After the last time I gave them information, they drugged me…and that was small potatoes compared to everything else I have to tell them. I had better not drink anything for a while. I took a deep breath and mumbled, “I’ve started having my dreams again.”
We stopped swaying and he pulled back from me and gave me an exasperated look. “What dreams? We’ve never known you were having dreams.” 
I gave a soft sigh. Here we go. “Look, if I’m going to have to disclose all my inner secrets, then let’s all go back and talk. I don’t want to have to tell it in pieces. Steven and Bradley are going to be mad either way, but in my own defense, they just started again a day or two ago, and you guys put me to sleep before I could tell you. Oh wait, I probably should have mentioned it to Steven when he had me pinned to the bed.”
“Excuse me?” 
“Did I give you a good picture there, Ricky?” I laughed. “Just hold me now and dance.” I snuggled back into his arms and could feel the soft rumble in his chest. I prayed it would stay true to me after I told them. 
When the dance ended and we returned to the table, I knew Rick had already mentioned the dreams to everyone by the displeased looks they gave me. 
Bradley called an end to our evening. “Why don’t you ladies get some rest? We have a long day tomorrow. Stanley, we need to go over a few things. Let’s all meet in Bree and Steven’s room.” He looked at me. “We need to clear up a few loose ends.” 
Chapter 40


By the time I got to my room, everyone was standing there with their arms folded, and with such serious looks on their faces that I started laughing. “I’m sorry, but by now you should know that doesn’t work on me; however, since you are all asking so nicely, I’ll tell you about the dreams.” I made a spooky motion with my hands and walked toward a chair. All of my men, and Stanley, Dirk, and Andrew stood in front of the entertainment center, arms still folded, watching me. 
“Okay Bree, out with it—all of it. It’s time you told us what you know,” Bradley said sternly.
I wasn’t comfortable talking in front of Stanley’s men. I was comfortable with Stanley, but I didn’t really know the others. My hesitation resulted in Stanley coming to my rescue.
“You can talk freely in front of all of us, Bree. Dirk and Andrew have watched over you for a very long time.”
“And besides,” Steven said. “They and their mates will be joining our clan.”
Just like that? I whispered in his mind. 
Yes, dear. Just like that. 
I shifted in my chair, placed my hands in my lap, drew a deep breath and started telling them about my dreams. “Okay, for starters, I’ve never told anyone about the dreams. When I was little, I only had pieces here and there. They would come and go, and I never could make any sense out of them. As I got older, they’d come to me when Mom and Dad would come back from out of town. All I remember of those dreams was a dark passageway carved out of the stone. Ground water would trickle down the walls in places and it smelled damp. Even after I woke up I could still smell the dampness. Sometimes my clothes would be muddy and wet.”
“Besides being damp, was it cold?” Steven asked.
“No, never cold. Cool maybe, but I wouldn’t say cold, but I knew I was underground.”
“Your clothes would be muddy and damp? I guess it is possible you transported yourself there. How though? That’s interesting,” Stanley said. “Do you remember traveling at all?”
“No, I’d just be there. I would be in bed, asleep…well, as much as I slept anyway. One minute I’d be there, and the next I would wake up in bed,” I answered.
“You said it was dark. How did you find your way?” Rick asked.
“I’d feel my way at first. Then, as the dreams became more frequent, I was able to see in the dark. I’d see the light I needed to go to, but was never able to get to it. Then, they just stopped.”
“When did they stop?” Stanley asked.
“I would say they stopped around the time Steven went away.”
“When did they start again?” Steven asked.
“When I came here, after the night we bowled. They weren’t dreams really, just pieces flashing through my mind—and then I’d sleep. The big dream,” I said, “came the night I found all this stuff out.”
“When you say 'big,' what happened? Were you able to walk the passage?” Billy asked.
“Yeah, I did. My mind told me to remember the passage, that I needed to know that route. I kept walking, and finally, I heard them. I saw her, just her, but I heard its laugh. I stayed in the shadows and watched them, well her anyway. It wasn’t in bodily form.” I wrinkled my forehead trying to figure out how to explain the next part. Should I just tell them I watched the ‘bodiless laugh’ make love to her, or should I form a picture in my mind and let them view it? I wasn’t sure if I was comfortable explaining this to them. I laughed aloud, not meaning to, but I did. I knew I could not do the explanation justice.
“Why are you laughing? Was he saying something funny?” Dirk asked. I knew they weren’t seeing my inner turmoil since I had my mind blocked from them. If Sandy was here, I knew she would love this scenario. 
“No, no, he wasn’t telling her a joke. The ‘laugh’ was making love to her, or she was making love to herself with its help. Oh, hell. Here, I’ll just show you.” I let them enter my mind to see what I had seen. They saw the room, her, heard the ‘laugh,’ and watched the entire scene play out before their eyes. Then I closed my mind when she and Thomas left the chamber.
“Whoa, way to go Thomas,” Andrew said, and I immediately blushed, which made Steven and Bradley laugh. “Bree, how do you know you weren’t just dreaming this?” 
I was a little taken aback by that and I blinked. “I will agree I have a good imagination, but that was a little beyond even me. Besides, I’ve never even met Esmeralda, and hadn’t yet met Thomas when I had this dream. That’s how I knew them. I was surprised no one asked me how I knew their names, but I guess with everything that happened, it slipped under your radar.” I smiled at Rick, but he didn’t smile back.
“So after they left the chamber, what did you do? And please save us the time, we know you didn’t just turn around and walk away,” Bradley stated rather firmly.
“No, Bradley, I did not.” I met his gaze, but didn’t try to read his thoughts. I was sure he was going to let me know them soon enough. “You’re not going to like it.”
“I’m sure we aren’t,” he said.
“I walked up to the table to take a look at the jar, the clay jar she corked before she let Thomas in the room, and it shook as I got closer. I spoke to it. I knew it. My line had put it there. It knew of my powers. I told the demon in the bottle that it would never gain from me what it needs to make it whole again and that I would destroy it. I touched the bottle with one finger and it shook. I told the demon I was still human but my magic was strong, and that when I crossed I would be beyond its measure and that it would be no more.” I looked down at my hands for a moment and then looked back at all of them. “That is my path. My path alone…you will not be able to help me do this,” I said to each of them. 
“Then what did you do?” Steven asked. His voice was hard, and I knew my statement had angered him.
“I left the chamber, and walked back down the passage. My mind kept telling me I needed to know this place, that it was important…no, that it is important. I don’t know why. I passed four cells—my mind showed me the atrocities that had happened there, that still happen there, and my mind told me to remember. I was told I needed to end it. That too, is my path.”
Stanley drew a deep breath. “Do you know where this place is?” 
“No. I tried to continue down the passage, but the phone rang, and I woke up.”
“Is this the only dream you’ve had?” Billy asked.
“No, I’ve had a couple more since I met Thomas. Same chamber, just her and Thomas though. They didn’t last as long. He was telling her that I knew about her chamber, and that I knew more then she realized, but she didn’t believe him. She did a spell, the one she focused on Madalyn. She was hoping that would break me…us…all of us. She got her answer tonight. When they left the chamber, I didn’t bother looking around again. I needed to see the entrance. I needed to know where I was. My mind kept telling me this place was important, but I don’t know why.”
“Did you find the entrance?” asked Stanley.
“Yeah, but it didn’t do me any good. It’s just a hole in the side of a mountain. I don’t know where. The odd thing is, I feel as if I have been there before, but I can’t place it.”
I sat there looking at them, trying to decide if I should tell them about the other dreams.
“What else do you need to say?” Bradley asked.
“There were other dreams. They had nothing to do with Thomas or Esmeralda though, so it’s not all that important.”
“Let us be the judge of that. What were they about?” Rick asked. 
I exhaled and looked at him. He wasn’t smiling; in fact, none of them were smiling. They were in their ‘serious mode.’ I told them about all the other dreams. I told them what I knew of Zamora. I even told them about the dark I had seen and watched in Yellowstone. 
“Make our job easier. What is your complete path?” Rick asked. His eyes begged to enter my mind. My soldier, my protector, my Hercules, made his plea to me to bring them into my confidence…and I finally relented, because I knew they weren’t going to stop until I told them. But I also knew they would never allow me to do what I must do, not alone anyway…not without them. 
I kept my eyes on Steven as I spoke to them all. “You won’t like it. If you know it, you will not let me finish what I was meant to do…what I was born to do.”
“Tell us. You owe it to your clan and you owe it to me. What terrible path have you been born into?” Steven asked as he came and sat on the arm of my chair. His eyes held mine as he reached down and took my hands in his. I felt a strong surge of energy pass between us, and the tiny flashes of electricity I saw as he ran his thumb over the back of my hand comforted me.
“All the Chosen Ones have had the same path in one form or another. Some have succeeded in their quests—others have not. According to Odessa, mine is by far the most dangerous. I need to destroy a clay bottle that holds the demon that Esmeralda protects—the one I touched in her magic chamber. I need to destroy this demon.”
“Sounds simple enough,” Stanley said.
“Yeah, for starters,” I smiled and continued, “I need to destroy the gateways that allowed the demons to enter in the first place, and there are countless numbers of them. At this point, I don’t even know just how many there are, or where they’re located. The cosmic threads that bind our world with other worlds are so very delicate now. They need reinforcing, and that will be a difficult task, if we can accomplish it at all. My sisters will help me with this task, because we are the only ones that can see the portals. 
“Then I must seek out all the other demons that tempt the leaders of both realms to the darker side and destroy them. I have to destroy them, and I fear I will never find them all. Many have come to this world. They are highly skilled at tempting the weak, but if we can fortify the frail cloth that protects our world, we can at least stop other demons from entering. Then my sisters and I must watch, and wait for the demons that still exist in this world, to show themselves…and they will. They thrive on destruction, despair, and hate. That’s how we will find them. That is my path, besides guiding my realm, besides protecting the human realm from the magical realm, and vice-versa. This world will never be safe as long as the demons exist.” 
Their eyes had widened. Steven, Rick, and Billy washed a hand over their faces. Stanley and Bradley closed their eyes and shook their heads. I could tell they were angry. They hadn’t known everything that was expected of me. All they had thought was that I would sit on the Council and help guild our realm—but that was just a small part I was to play in a very, very large picture. 
“The Elders did not finish their task when they walked the earth. They did what they could, they thought they left this world in stable condition, but the evil entities that entered were very strong, and they preyed on all the weak humans and magicals. The demons thrived on that weakness and grew in strength, and as my sisters were born, they were not strong enough to defeat them…but they were able to keep them at bay. The Elders had misjudged the powers that would be needed by the Chosen Ones that came before me. Chosen Ones are born when the threat to this world is at its greatest.” I smiled at Bradley. “You should take comfort in the fact that this is why they have been born so infrequently.”
“I find no comfort in knowing you are in harm's way, Precious,” he softly said. 
“The Chosen Ones have the knowledge, the strength, and the wisdom of all races, to ensure the course is corrected. We are stronger than any that walk this world,” I smiled at Rick and winked, “in magic only, not in bodily muscle.”
“I knew what you meant, Little One,” he smiled back at me.
“My magic is stronger than all my sisters before me. That is why I can do what I can do now, even though I have yet to cross. My birth was a long time in coming, and the threat grew more dangerous. I needed my human emotions, my compassion to be strong. So you see, there’s a reason for my stubbornness. I simmered a little longer than most,” I smiled. “The threat grew more deadly than the Elders had anticipated by the time of my birth. As I have said, the fabric has weakened and has let too many demons into our world. My sisters before me tried to close them as they opened, but this world was easy prey to those that wish destruction and chaos. You can't help me, because you can't see these openings, or the demons. The dark that you saw, that was of the demons, Esmeralda’s creatures. I must destroy them too. These are my paths. Now you know.”
“How do they expect one person to do all of this?” Billy asked. “This just isn’t right. They are asking too much of you.”
I could feel everyone staring at me as I kept my gaze on Steven. “You will not walk this path alone, Princess. I will not allow you to. I said I would never leave you again, and I meant that.”
“I know that. You energize my resolve more than you know. However, I can't bond to you until I have crossed. What you and I have now is complete love for one another, but after I cross, you will strengthen me more than you could possibly imagine.” 
I looked at Bradley, and my smile widened. I saw the worry in his eyes, and I knew I needed to comfort him too. “Don’t worry, Bradley, I am still bound to you as your leader-mate. Nothing will change that.”
“Good, because I was getting a little worried there,” he laughed, and Rick slapped him on the back and laughed with him.
“My enemies are many now, but we have many followers. I have told you Thomas is not our enemy. Believe me on that. There will come a day when you will need his help, and he will need ours. Esmeralda is his mistress now because he needs her to be, but she is not his master. Do not betray his path.” 
“What do you need of us? We have sworn to protect you and we will. Do we take our orders from you now?” Stanley asked.
“I am going to ask you all to continue like you were before. I have not crossed, so take your orders from my clan and from our grandmother. I need my clan to continue to treat me as they have—a human who has not yet crossed. I do not want our enemies to become aware things have changed, because in reality they have not.”
“We have so much planning to do. I will meet with my team leaders, and Brad, I’ll send you the information so you and your clan can attend. We can formulate our plans then,” Stanley said.
“Stanley, promise me you will protect Becky until other arrangements can be made,” I pleaded.
“I told you I would, and I meant it. Now leave the security details to me, Sweet Pea,” he answered. Then he, Dirk, and Andrew left.
I looked at the long, tired faces before me. “It has been a very long night, and I want you all to go and meditate. I am not giving Steven permission to go out and play with you,” I said. “I want each of you in your rooms and resting. Not at the bar, not worrying—resting. Am I making myself clear?” 
“Bree—” Bradley began, but I interrupted.
“Bradley, I have told you and our clan everything. I promise you I have. You have not meditated in a long while, none of you have. And Billy, you need your sleep. Tomorrow will come and go, and then we can all go home. I want you fresh in the morning, and if I have another dream, I will tell you. You have my promise.”
“If I could find a way to tie you up and stuff you in a box until this was all over, I would,” Bradley groaned, pressing the bridge of his nose.
I glanced down at my hands. “A box would not hold me. My time is now, my path starts now, and as I have told you, this is my path.” I got up, walked over to him, and lay my hands aside his cheeks. “Please Bradley, you are tired. Rick, Billy, and Steven are tired.” My thumbs gently rubbed the dark circles under his eyes. “One night’s meditation will not interfere with the events that are going to unfold tomorrow. Rest with Madalyn—hold her in your arms and rest. Please do this for me,” I begged him. I saw the moisture in his eyes build, and he closed them tight before he spoke.
“Very well. One night can’t hurt. I’ll see you in the morning.” He smiled and I leaned down for his kiss, and then he vanished.
Very pleased with myself, I looked at Billy. “You need your sleep. Kiss Gina goodnight for me, and we will see you in the morning.” I tenderly kissed his cheek, and he pulled me into a tight embrace. “I am going to be just fine. It’s you and this lot I worry about.”
“They ask too much of you, my sweet angel, entirely too much,” he said, then kissed me on the cheek and left.
I looked at Rick, and noticed he had finally sat on the sofa. He looked utterly exhausted. “Okay, enough. You need your rest too.” I took Steven’s hand and stood with him. Rick didn’t move. Steven nudged me forward and I went and sat with him. “What’s wrong?”
“How are you going to do all of this by yourself? Bill is right, they ask too much of you.”
“Richard,” I began, taking his hand in mine, “I’m not doing this by myself. I have my clan with me. We will take one piece at a time, one day at a time, and we will complete this task. I told you we would all be together for a very long time, and I meant that. Believe me, I wouldn’t dream of doing this alone. There are things that I must do alone, but I will have my clan behind me all the way. It truly warms my heart to know you and Sandy care for me so much, but I really do need you to go and get your rest. The future will come soon enough. Go to bed and I will see you in the morning.” I smiled at him and it took him a minute, but then he smiled back. 
“See you in the morning, Squirt.” He gave me a sweet kiss on the lips, and was gone.
“Steven, come sit by me.” I patted the cushion next to me.
He gave me his best smile. “Nah, really don’t want to sit.”
“You don’t? You don’t have any questions, problems? I don’t need to soothe your ruffled feathers, or make special promises, or anything?” I smiled.
He took me by the hand and pulled me to him. “Nope, that is not what needs soothing.” He nudged me toward the bedroom, turning off the lights as we went.
Chapter 41


I slept extremely well with Steven lying beside me. His tone was strong the remainder of the night, and I really needed that, because, as I knew it would, the dream came. I was in the passage again, walking toward the chamber. They were there, as I knew they would be.
***
“I can’t explain it, my lady. She moved them without the use of her hands…she blew on his burn and healed it. She is still human. How can she do these things?” He wasn’t happy with her. He was distant and he kept his arms to his side.
“She will come with us tomorrow, my love. We will bring her here, to the cell, and there she will stay. Without her family she will die. You may take her if it pleases you.” She watched for his reaction, but he gave none. She continued planning, “I will take her blood daily, that will cause her to weaken, and when she dies, I will cut her heart out.” She raised the dagger that was on the table. A wicked sneer came over her as she admired the sharp blade. “Her heart should be warm for our master. Her soul will linger long enough for me to capture it. Then our master will be whole again, and we shall rule. You will destroy her lovers and her families. None can remain. Do you understand this? None.”
“She knows this chamber. She has seen this room. She has told me…she knew of the spell, she knew what we spoke of…could she know of your black magic as well?” he asked, but did not listen to her answer. He was paying more attention to the room and the shadows. 
“Nonsense, she is playing you. She reads too many books, and she is using them. She knows nothing of this chamber.”
After they left, I walked back down the passage toward the opening, and when I reached the opening, I sensed the danger coming toward me. I ran outside and pressed myself hard against the mountain wall as the hot, putrid wind violently bellowed through the opening. It smelled of death, and earth. I heard the screams, and then all was quiet. I knew something bad would happen here…something very…very bad.
***
I woke at six thirty, and Steven was still meditating. I had been correct—he’d needed this rest. I let my mind wander to my other clan members. I found Becky in her room, lying on the bed. Her eyes were open and I saw her tears. I stayed and watched until she finally blinked, wiped her tears, and closed her eyes. I needed to talk to her, but right now, I needed my clan. I found Billy and Gina still asleep; Billy rested a protective arm over Gina’s belly. I didn’t want to linger, so I quietly moved on. Rick and Sandy were lying comfortably together. Rick’s forearm was over his eyes and Sandy was lying on her side with her back up against him. Again, I crept out of their space. Next, I found Bradley and Madalyn. Madalyn was lying on her back next to Bradley, and was in deep meditation—I could tell by her breathing. Bradley…not so much. I watched him, and his eyes flickered, and then he opened them. 
Good morning, I kissed his mind.
Morning, Precious. How long have you been watching me?
Not long, I was just checking on you. Did you rest well?
Well, enough. How about you? Did you sleep well?
I did. I had another dream. I’ll tell you about it later. 
Steven still asleep?
Yes, he’s very, very tired. 
He laughed. You are so wicked sometimes. Tell me about your dream, my sweet. We have time. Everyone is still meditating.
There will be enough time for that later. Let’s just spend some quiet time together for a change. Do you like to golf? 
Golf? What brought that up? 
Well, you’re a doctor, and I haven’t had time to find everything out about my clan. So I thought I would ask. Now, do you play golf? I asked again.
No, Precious, I do not play golf. I play tennis occasionally with Steven, or racquetball with Rick, but no golf. We all get together and shoot some hoops. We play baseball, and occasionally, when we have enough friends around, we play football.
Why have you changed my nickname? 
Because you are precious to me. ‘Breezy Bear’ was a kid I used to know. He laughed in my mind. 
What made you pick that nickname in the first place?
You did. Don’t you remember? You asked me to call you that.
I laughed. No…I don’t remember that at all.
You were very little…but that very small, precious child has grown into a very beautiful young woman. Stubborn, but beautiful. Why do you call me Bradley? Everyone else calls me Brad.
I’m not everyone else. Bradley fits you. What’s it like living in Chicago? 
Cold in the winter and humid in the summer, and it is entirely too far away from my clan. 
I’m going to go shower now. I’ll see you soon. 
Can I watch?
No, your time will come. I kissed his mind goodbye and went to shower, leaving Steven lovingly tucked in bed.
Chapter 42


By eight o’clock, everyone was back in our room. As I sat on the sofa, listening to everyone talking, my mind went back to my first night here when I met Steven at the reception. All of that seemed so long ago, but it had only been seven days. Seven days and so much had happened. I’ll be so happy when today is over. I want so much to go home with Steven. 
 “Are you hungry” Billy asked, snapping my thoughts back to the present. “When did you eat last?”
I had to think about that. “Yesterday, when I got back from the spa. Yeah, I guess I am hungry.”
He groaned. “You really need to do a better job of taking care of yourself. We can’t have you fainting in front of the Council.” He snapped his fingers and a banquet of French toast, pancakes, bacon, sausages, hash browns, scrambled eggs, biscuits and gravy, several carafes of orange juice and coffee, and my clan’s special drink appeared. I really hadn’t realize how hungry I was until I smelled the food. Billy came up to me and took my hand. “Come on, Half Pint. Damn, how can you expect me to let you grow up if you keep forgetting to eat? Stop worrying about today. I won’t let anyone take you.”
“You misread my quietness. I’m not worried, not in the least.”
Odessa came into my mind. You are prepared, Bree. You know this. They are just worried.
I know I’m prepared, and yes, my clan is worried, but after today, their hearts will settle, and we can get on with the business at hand.
It’s hard for them. They have been so long without you…they fear the loss.
I know, but I’m not going anywhere. 
You and I know this, and after today, they will know it too. If I did not think you could handle what will happen to you at this meeting, I would encourage you to leave. You can do far more than you realize. Trust your mind…trust your heart. 
We ate breakfast, and then everyone went to change. Bradley told them he wanted them all back here in an hour. Then he teased Sandy, “Think you can handle that amount of time?”
“I have it down to an art, thank you,” she teased back.
***
Steven was standing in front of the mirror tying his tie when I came into the bedroom. I gave him a sexy little grin. “You do clean up well.” He was dressed in a sharp, black suit and a crisp white shirt with a black silk tie—the lawyer side of him showing. “Tell me...did you actually pack that?” I laughed and he grinned. 
“No, after Ryan told us you were to go before the Council, I went home and got it.”
I dressed comfortably in the only nice outfit I’d brought with me: Dark blue Dockers, a white Oxford shirt, and a vest. I stood in front of the mirror and selected the jewelry I wanted to wear. I hid my pendant under my shirt, and left the healing stone necklace out for Esmeralda to see, then donned the bracelets. Just a little touch of perfume, and we went to greet the others. 
Every member of my clan was there. The men were all wearing suits, and the women wore dresses. 
Madalyn looked at me and frowned. “Wouldn’t you prefer to wear a dress? We can run you home. It won’t take but a minute.”
“Ah, that would be a ‘no.’ This is who I am. You need to understand that. They need to understand that. I’m not here to impress anyone, and I’m not changing to please anyone. Sorry.”
No one was talking, but the silence was very loud. I poured their drink and started taking them around. “What’s up with you guys?”
“Nerves, I guess,” said Bradley. “I think we all have a bad case.”
“Is that your professional opinion?” I smiled at him.
“Yes, it is,” he stated flatly. 
The phone rang, and I answered it. It was Ryan. They had moved the time to noon. “Okay, Ry, I’ll let them know. See you then.” I placed the receiver back in its cradle and when I turned around, they were all looking at me. “What?”
“We’re just nervous. How are you holding up?” Steven asked as he came up to me and wrapped his arms around me, his chin resting on the top of my head
“I’m fine, I’m a little nervous too, but I’m not nervous for the same reasons as you. I’m sure of the outcome today.” 
“Then why are you nervous?” Madalyn asked.
“She doesn’t like crowds,” Becky said. “She hates large groups, always has. I remember in school, if she was late to class, she wouldn’t go in.”
“I thought you knew that,” I said looking at Steven.
“Yeah, I knew that. Good Lord, you’re nervous over that? Bree, for crying out loud, of all the things to be nervous about, that should be the least of your worries,” he said shaking his head. “You surprise me sometimes, Princess. You can use your mind in ways I have never seen done before by someone who is not yet magical, and you worry about people looking at you, getting into your space.”
“Yeah, don’t even talk about people getting into her space,” Becky said as she made a face and used air quotes. 
“Okay enough. You can all talk about my phobias later. Right now, you need to go downstairs and take your seat. Ryan’s probably pacing by now. You’re messing with his schedule.”
I moved toward the door and Becky said, “You’ll do fine in there today, so stop worrying. They can’t hold a candle to you.”
Madalyn passed me and Bradley stopped long enough to give me a quick kiss and a smile before he joined her. 
Rick leaned in and gave me a kiss on the cheek. “Come on, Sandy, let’s get a move on.”
Steven wrapped my arms around his as we walked to the elevator, just as he had when he took me to dinner my first night here. Just keep smiling. They can’t resist your smile. I couldn’t. We have a lot to do when we get home.
We do? I knew he was trying to keep my mind free of thoughts of the upcoming event.
Yeah, we have to go furniture shopping. Remember? We haven’t discussed that yet. What style do you like? I don’t think you’re a frilly kind of girl. I’m guessing more earth tones. I remember your bedroom. 
Rick pressed the elevator button.
No, I don’t want flower patterns or light fabrics. I prefer leathers, and wood. Dark rich colors. The sofa has to be deep enough so we can lie next to each other comfortably. Plus, I want it comfortable for you, and I don’t think you like frilly stuff either.
Just so you know, both Sandy's and Madalyn’s furniture is like that. Brad and Rick have the entertainment areas of their houses, but Sandy and Madalyn have decorated the other rooms of their homes in that fashion. It’s all pretty girly. He laughed, they don’t care for it, but hey, they love their mates.
The elevator arrived and I entered first and moved to the side. Steven immediately pulled me toward the back of the elevator and everyone stood in front of me. I started laughing as they all turned to face the front. “Good thing I’m not claustrophobic.”
“Um, Bree—” Becky started.
“Not a word, Becky, not one word.”
The elevator gods ensured we didn’t dawdle in our travel to the first floor—we didn’t stop at all along the way and it seemed the halls I ran through just the other night were shorter than I remembered.
Ryan was outside the ballroom when we arrived. The doors were open allowing me to see they had rearranged the room to accommodate the event that was about to take place. Each of my clan members gave me a hug and a kiss. Becky asked for permission, but Rick and Steven denied it. She didn’t protest and instead, she smiled and wished me luck, then went to take her seat with the rest of my clan.
Steven didn’t want to leave me, but time was growing short.
“I’ll be fine,” I reassured him. “Now kiss me, and go take your seat.”
“You’ll be in my heart the entire time. Be watchful.” He pulled me to him and kissed me hard, then reluctantly left, and the doors to the room closed.
I turned to look at Ryan. He gave me a nervous smile and asked, “Are you okay?”
“Ryan,” I said, looping my arm around his, “of course I am. I’m nervous, but I’m ready.”
Chapter 43


We needed to wait until the appropriate time before we made our entrance. That gave Ry enough time to talk with me to let me know what I could expect.
“When we go in, you will stand in the middle of the room. The other Council members and I will sit at a long table in front of you. If you get scared or nervous, just look at me. I’ll be off to your left a little way down the table. We will not be able to communicate with you, and you will not be able to communicate with us. Do you understand that? You will not be able to gain access into anyone’s mind, and the Council…we will know if you try. Our punishment will be swift, so please, don’t try it. We will be able to search your mind though, and we can inflict pain if you resist…so don’t resist,” he pleaded.
We stood at the entrance. Ryan had his hand on the door, but was hesitating.
“Ry, come on. Let’s get this over with,” I said and placed my hand on top of his and pushed the door open.
All I saw was a sea of people when we entered the hall. As I walked down the narrow aisle, I counted the rows, and by the time I got to the front, I had counted ten rows. I turned to look back into the crowd and saw every chair had someone sitting in it. Those that weren’t lucky enough to have a seat, stood along the sidewalls and in the back of the room.
My family and clan sat in a section all to themselves in the front, off to the right facing me. My parents, aunt and uncle, and my grandmother, along with the men of my clan, were in the front row. The women of my clan sat behind them. My mother gave me a quick smile, and I smiled back. I knew my clan was unhappy with my parents for what they had agreed to do. I couldn’t be. I tried, but I just couldn’t bring myself to that point. Steven’s expression was stone cold. He was trying to remain in control, so I gave him a quick smile. 
Odessa came into my thoughts. Close your mind now, Bree, close it quickly. I did as she instructed.
Ryan and I stood beside a large chair. He glanced up at the members seated at the table, then glanced back at me. I could tell he wanted to tell me something. I knew he didn’t want to take the chance on others hearing his thoughts, but I saw the fear in his eyes…he was terrified. 
“Co-Council Ryan, please take your seat,” a voice sounded from somewhere along the table.
 He glanced at my families and then turned back to me. His hands shook as he took me by my shoulders to draw me to him for a kiss on the cheek, and then he left me standing by the chair. As he walked to his seat behind the table, he snapped his fingers and was dressed in black robes with a green sash.
Do not sit in the chair, Odessa said.
I looked down at the chair. It was an ordinary high back wooden chair with arms. Black fabric covered the seat, back, and arms. The dark wood had symbols carved into it, and various crystals and colored stones were used to adorn the carvings. 
Somewhere along the table in front of me, a gavel banged loudly. “The Council will come to order,” and then it struck again.
An elderly man walked up and stood in front of the table. He wore a black robe with a red sash. He was tall, his hair was gray, his eyes were warm, but his smile was smug and cold. “Before we begin, we have a little business to attend to. The Council calls before us the Robertson family.” Several hushed voices went through the room. A middle-aged man and woman rose from their seats in the crowd. The elderly man looked sternly at them. “Is your daughter with you?”
“Yes,” replied the man. I could hear the fear in his voice.
“Have her stand please,” the elderly man commanded.
I knew I didn’t like this man in the red sash. Nope, I didn’t like him at all.
A young girl, who couldn’t have been more than eighteen, rose from her seat. Her father tried to shield her, but the man in the red sash commanded him to step aside.
“You will not protect her. She has broken the rules and we must punish her. Are you Janet Robertson?”
“I am. What is my crime, sir?” She spoke with as much attitude as she dared.
“You will wait until you have been addressed by the Council. Do not speak again. Come here to the front and sit before us.”
Odessa came into my head. This Council member’s name is Nelson. He is rude, unfriendly, and mean-spirited. Do not trust him. Janet’s crime is having fallen in love with a human. Your cousin, Stanley, is in love with a human. The Council will destroy this family, any family, to make a point. Stanley fears the same fate awaits him if the Council finds out. This is something you need to change when you are on the Council, and they do not want it changed.
What will they do to her?
They will throw her in the dungeons, and they will forget about her…and she will die there. She mustn’t sit in the chair.
What will happen to the boy?
He will have an accident, and he too, will die.
Just for falling in love with a magical? That’s not right…I can’t let that happen.
Odessa gave me a sweet chuckle. Your test begins. I am here. Keep your mind closed. The power is yours.
As the young girl moved away from her parents, her mother grabbed her, held her close to her, and cried. Her father hugged them both…then the man I now knew as Nelson, bellowed his command, “You will move here now!”
I watched her walk toward the chair and me. I could tell as her eyes darted to the chair and then to me and back to the chair, she knew she should be afraid of it, and she didn’t want to sit there. 
“Sit!” he commanded.
“Don’t sit in the chair, Janet,” I said as I reached to take her arm and gently pulled her to stand beside me. “Stand here by me.” I stood between her and the chair, and she didn’t know what to do. I was winging it, so if this went badly, we were in a pickle.
“You dare speak out of turn to the Council? I have not addressed you. You will remain silent or I will strike you down.” His face reddened with anger.
“Nelson, we both know that is not going to happen.” I said calmly. His eyes widened when he heard me say his name. He shuffled in his stance as he regained his composure, and at that instant, I knew the insight I had with Odessa’s help was going to confuse them. I smiled and quietly thanked Odessa for the heads-up on his name. Now I had an advantage. I heard more hushed voices coming from behind me, and Janet moved closer to me.
I guess he felt it was time to bring me to the party, since I’d already barged in and was winning support with the crowd…and of course, he couldn’t let that happen. He straightened his shoulders and observed me with the magnitude of superiority he thought he had. 
“Are you Aubrey Marie Campbell?”
“I am.” 
“Please sit.”
“Thank you, but I prefer to stand.” I heard the voices murmuring behind me—they were a little louder than before.
“What did you say?”
“I said, ‘thank you, but I prefer to stand.’”
“Why is that?”
“It is what I prefer,” I answered.
“Very well,” he tipped his head.
You’re doing fine, Bree.
He walked back and forth in front of the table. I could sense I’d caught him off-guard. I felt the shoves of his thoughts as he tried to enter my mind, but the doors to my mind stayed closed to him. He shoved harder, but my mind’s doors held.
“Her mind is blocked. Who has blocked her thoughts?” He looked at the crowd, but no one spoke. He looked at my families, but from the surprised looks on their faces, he could tell they were not the ones. “I demand to know who has blocked this human’s mind from me.”
I raised a hand. “That would be me,” I said. More voices rose from behind. I could feel my families tensing now. Ryan stared at me with one of those, “what the hell are you doing, girl?” kind of looks.
“Co-Council Ryan, did you inform your cousin of the etiquette of the Council?”
“Yes, he did,” I answered before Ry had a chance. “That’s just the stubborn side of me. I have issues with people taking trips through my mind. It’s rude.”
“You? You are still human. You cannot possibly block me. Why is it you try?” Now, he was curious. Still mad, but curious.
“It is my mind, and they are my thoughts. You have no right to them. Obviously, I can and I have blocked you from them, even though I am still…human.”
“I have every right to them. You are here because we so demand it. You will unblock your mind and let me in.”
Am I pushing too much, Odessa? 
You are doing fine.
“No Nelson, you do not have any right to them, so I won’t unblock my mind. You are correct…I am here because of your demand, but I will not be subjected to your search.”
He decided on another approach. “Why do you try to protect this girl? Do you know her?”
“No, can’t say that I do. What terrible crime could she have committed to make you send her away from her family?”
“She fell in love with a human and that is strictly forbidden. Section 5, paragraph 1 of the Race Code states none from the magical realm are allowed to marry anyone from the human realm. There will be no mixing of the human and magical races. We have been very lenient with those from the magical realm socializing with the human realm…but we have heard she plans to marry a human. Now we will punish her. We do not want our race tainted by the weak. We will set an example with her. She will pay for her crime—five years imprisonment is the sentence.”
“Wow, that’s a little harsh for planning something, don’t you think?” I turned to Janet and whispered, “Is he worth it?”
She smiled and her eyes widened, “Oh yeah, big time.”
I smiled and nodded my head as I thought of Steven. More low voices broke out and another bang of the gavel sounded. “Order, we will have order.”
“Maybe we should imprison you along with her. This Council will not tolerate your attitude. You should fear me, my dear. I hold that power over you.”
I looked at him for a long minute. My silence made him nervous, not to mention my family and clan. Finally I said, “No, Nelson. You hold no power over me, and I do not fear you. I am starting to tire of you and your condescending manner though.”
“Why do you feel you can speak to me in this manner?” His eyes hardened into an ugly glare. “Do you know who I am? You are nobody. You haven’t become a witch yet—you are nobody.” His anger was showing with the rise and fall of his shoulders from his deep breaths.
I knew I was pushing my boundaries, but now was not the time to become timid…too much was riding on this meeting. They were going to learn quickly. I was not going to let them bully me into submission.
“Well then, if I am a 'nobody,’ why am I here?”
“Guards,” he yelled. “Take this young girl to the dungeons and return. Aubrey will be joining her soon.”
I looked toward the two guards who were moving in our direction. Odessa, do you know their names?
Walter and Justin. 
“I’m sorry, Walter and Justin, but you will not be taking Janet today.” They stopped, confused apparently, as to who to listen to. I turned back to Nelson. “Your ruling is harsh and will not stand. She has committed no crime. She’s eighteen and in love. Where is the crime in that? Because he is human? Do you not think their love can’t be just as strong as the love between magicals? What right do you have to judge?”
“She broke the rules. She must be punished. I will not stand here and banter with you. I am not required to answer your questions.” He raised his hand and pointed his wand toward her, and I moved in front of her.
“I would think twice before you do that, Nelson.” I felt my mother tense. The sensation was strong, but I did not acknowledge it. I continued to stand my ground in front of him. I kept my eyes fixed on him, but I was also aware of everyone in the hall, where they stood or sat. Where their hands were, and who was thinking of picking up their wand to help. I looked down the table to another Council member. The name Rodney came to my mind so I went with it. “Rodney, I would leave your wand where it is, if I were you.” My eyes moved back to Nelson and our chess match continued.
Nelson sneered. “Yes, I heard how you were able to handle those vampires. Several at a time, wasn’t it?” He laughed. “My dear, they do not possess the magic I do. You are young. You haven’t even been schooled in casting. I am not afraid of you. Watch and learn.”
Immediately, a red flash came toward us from Nelson and Rodney’s wands. I saw it all in slow motion as my mind took control of my actions. I raised my hands and caught their spells, then blew gently on my hands and opened them. Two white doves appeared and flew to the ceiling. I smiled an ecstatic smile at my accomplishment and then looked back at Nelson. “You are correct…I haven’t been schooled in casting.” My mind grabbed their wands from their hands. I let the wands hang in the middle of the room, and that caused the crowd’s voices to grow louder. The gavel pounded on the table and the crowd quieted.
When silence in the room was achieved, I continued with my warning, “Do not ever raise your wand to me again. Your rule is stupid, and should be rethought.” I snapped the wands in two. “And I am not your ‘dear.’”
More low muffled voices started in the back of the room, growing louder as the seconds passed. Finally, the gavel struck again and called the room to order.
“Well Aubrey, that was impressive,” said a portly, white-haired woman sitting behind Nelson. “How is it you can do these things? Do you know how hard it is to break a wand?”
“The magic runs deep in my soul. It always has…I was just unaware…Elsa.”
She looked confused. “How is it you know us?” I smiled and didn’t answer. She let the pen she held tap on the table as she glanced at Nelson and then back to me. “You think our ruling is too harsh. Why do you feel this way child? You are new to this life. How can you speak of something you know nothing about?”
“Yes, I am new to this life; however, even I can see the injustice of this law. Our laws weren’t meant to be this way. Your Council has lost its vision. You are here to guide, not dictate. The Elders have shown me this. Your ways must change. You have no right imposing your will on the human realm. The Elders wanted your realm to coexist with them. The human realm is not as weak as you might think. Imposing your will on the humans will only strengthen them…and it will be our downfall. The Elders saw this. Why have you lost your way?”
Murmuring began at the mention of the Elders.
“You have spoken with the Elders? You have met them?” she asked.
“Their knowledge is buried deep in me as it has been with all the Chosen Ones. I have the knowledge when I need it, and I have their guidance. I do not need to see the Elders in body to know this is true. The dark has gained control in this Council, and I am here to change that course. Only those of the dark and of the demons need fear me,” I said.
“You are a danger to us then?”
“As I said, I am a danger only to the dark and the demons. They will not succeed in their desire to rule.”
“What changes would you make once you sit on the Council?” she asked.
“Without seeing all the laws the Council has imposed, I can’t comment on that. However, this one at hand would be a good place to start. Why do you fear a union between a magical and a human? What harm could possibly come from that?”
“What if the union dissolved? The humans would know of our realm. What then?” she asked.
I smiled a knowing smile at her. “Elsa, many humans already believe in this realm. Why do you not see that? It has not dissolved our realm. We would put guidelines in place to handle those problems. If needed, we would alter memories and events. It has happened before. You have not thought your ideas through. The Council is being led by fear, causing races to fracture. Our realm must follow the guidelines, on that I can agree. However, those guidelines should be fair and just. Our people would follow those rules if given the chance, but this Council has chosen to dictate.”
“Why go to all the bother? Is it not easier just to keep with our own kind?” she asked.
“That is what the Council is here for, to go to the bother of guiding us. The Council has lost its way. True leaders do not lead by causing their charges to fear them. Your Council is off balance. I do not see a good representation of our races. Where are the gnomes, the giants, and the werewolves? Do they not have a voice?”
“Aubrey, you are very young and very naive,” she frowned.
“I can agree I am young in body, but my mind is old with the knowledge. You know this to be true. Think back to your childhood, Elsa. These rules were not in place at the time, yet you survived.”
She watched me for a few minutes and a tiny smile formed on her lips, then quickly faded. She cleared her throat. “Nelson, please take your seat. You do not intimidate her. Aubrey, continue to stand if you like. We will not take the girl and she may rejoin her family.” She waved her hand at Janet, motioning for her to return to her family. “We will review this law when you transform and sit on the Council…and then we will then pass judgment. Until then, she is free to be with her family—but Aubrey, be mindful. If you do not cross into our realm, the ruling will stand.”
“What of the boy?” I asked.
“Do not push your luck here,” she said.
“The boy has committed no crime. Why should your hands punish him? What rights do any of you have to do that?”
She looked at me the way my grandmother did when she didn’t want to argue a point with me. She exhaled and said, “No harm will come to the boy. I command it so.”
“Thank you, Elsa,” I smiled. She looked down and shuffled the papers in front of her, but I saw that tiny smile line her lips. Janet hugged me and went to sit with her family.
Odessa spoke to me, Very good.
Can I trust her?
Yes, child. She is one you can trust.
Another woman spoke, “Aubrey, do you know why we have asked you here?”
I looked in the direction of the voice. “Yes, it has to do with my transforming…my crossing into the magical realm. You want to know where I am in the process. You want to ask me questions. You want to see for yourselves if I am weak or strong. You want to have me stay with the Council so you can help me through the process.” She noticed my emphases on the word “help” and tipped her head.
“I have not crossed or changed. It is up to you to decide if I am weak or strong. I can only tell you I am strong—you must decide that for yourselves. If you want to ask me questions, then ask. I will answer truthfully. You have my promise.” I stood straight with my hands behind my back. Not stiff, but I stood as tall as my five foot, three inches would allow.
“Do you know the stories about your transforming?” she asked.
Odessa, do I call her by her name or should I just say ma’am?
Her name is Karol, and yes, you may call her by her name, but remain polite…and before you ask, no, she can't be trusted—not now nor when you sit on the Council.
“They are not stories, Karol. The prophecy is true.” 
She shifted in her chair. “Then you know you will die when you go through the process?”
“I may die,” I corrected her. “Yes, I know this.”
Voices rose again behind me, and the gavel hit the table again. “Order, order, we must have quiet, or you will be asked to leave.”
Karol continued, “You will need to come with us so we can see you through the process, as you put it earlier. I agree. The little show you just put on was impressive. However, Elsa is correct. You are very young and naive. We have a place for you. You will be made comfortable until you either change or you die.” She waved her hand showing me she didn’t care one way or the other.
“I thank you for the kind offer, but I will not come with you.”
She bristled with anger at being told “no,” and in doing so, she reminded me of an elderly schoolteacher who had lost control of her class, and the only way she could get their attention was to yell. I could see spit spray as she spoke. “You dare to stand before us, you simple human, and tell us what you will and will not do?”
“Yes, I do,” my voice remained strong, and I didn’t move from my pose.
You’re doing fine, Odessa comforted.
Several people in the crowd clapped. The gavel struck again. “I will give you my final warning…any more outbursts, and we will go behind closed doors.”
My head turned toward the sound of the gavel. “Behind closed doors or in front of opened ones, I will not go with you.”
“You do not have a choice. I am not as forgiving as my good Co-Council, Elsa, is. Should you continue this show of disrespect you will feel my anger,” Karol said raising her voice to a high-pitched scream. Evidently, she was unaccustomed to anyone telling her “no.”
Steady Bree, you know you have a choice. Don’t let her bait you. Be firm with your response, but be in control.
“I beg to differ with you, Karol. Everyone has a choice, and I will not let you take mine from me. All my life, others have decided what would be best. I was not given a choice. I am now in control of my life, and I do have a choice. My enemies dictated to my family how I must live. My family followed their directions because there was no choice. My enemies preyed upon parents that loved their daughter and only wanted her safe. My enemies took my parents’ choice away…my enemies took my choice away. They will never take it again,” I said firmly, but politely.
Then we heard a soft laugh, and Esmeralda made her entrance. A soft white fog appeared, swirling gently with the light breeze. She slowly began materializing in the middle of the fog, her form translucent at first, becoming solid as the fog and breeze cleared.
She looked just as she had in my dreams, only she wore white robes with a gold sash. She was tall and slender. Her hair was long, thick and strawberry blond. Her eyes were indeed a beautiful shade of violet. My dreams were incredibly accurate.
She stood poised behind her chair at the table. With a simple wave of her hand, her chair moved backward allowing her to sit, and then gently slid her back into place. Thomas appeared behind her and looked at me, but remained uncommitted to a greeting.
“My lady, welcome,” said Nelson salivating. She acknowledged him with a smile and a slight dip of her head.
“Tell me,” she began. “Where are we in this little show?” She glanced at me out the corner of her eye, then smiled as she turned to face me. “Did I hear correctly—Aubrey does not wish to stay with us? Come now, my dear, this cannot be.” I envisioned her as a snake coiling to strike.
Before Nelson could answer her, I answered for myself. “Yes, you heard correctly, Esmeralda. I will not go with you.” The snake curled a little tighter.
“You need to address her in the proper manner,” Nelson spewed.
Stand your ground, Bree, Odessa whispered.
“I showed no disrespect. Is her name not Esmeralda?”
“You will address her as ‘my lady’ when she requests you to speak,” Nelson bellowed.
“No. I will address her by her rightful name. I am not her servant. That is a title she has imposed and I will not use it.”
Esmeralda raised her hand and Nelson quieted. “She will learn our ways, when she lives in our realm. We have no worries here. Bree, may I call you Bree? I hear that is what your friends call you.”
“Yes, my friends call me Bree.”
It took her a moment to process my words. I saw the hint of anger light her eyes. She drew a cleansing breath to calm herself before she spoke again. “Tell me, how do you know us by name? You have never met us before today, yet you know us. Have you been schooled by your family, your,” she offered a smug grin, “clan?”
“I know all of you. I have seen all of you,” I said as I looked at each one sitting there. My eyes returned to Esmeralda. “I know you, Essie.” I used Thomas’ pet name for her. I saw the unsettlement register in her face. She twisted around in her chair to look at Thomas, who stood rigidly behind her. I smiled. “Yes, I know his name for you.” More hushed sounds came from behind me. 
Esmeralda rose from her chair in a commanding form. “You will come with us, child. We can take care of you better than anyone can. We have the best doctors to help you through this difficult time,” she said as she walked behind the table. “I am told your body is warming. That can be most uncomfortable, and your headaches, they are painful, aren’t they? Our doctors will help with the pain.” She stopped pacing and looked at me with a glare of hate. “You will come with us,” she scolded.
I folded my hands in front of me. A smile came to my lips as I thought about the last headache I’d had, and how Steven’s tone soothed it away. “Again, I appreciate the offer, but I will stay with my own doctor. I know he has my best interest at heart.”
“You have a doctor? Ah, yes, Bradley. Yes, he is very good. But he is not your kind—our kind.” She spoke in a mocking whisper then continued walking behind the table, heading in Nelson’s direction. She gestured her hands toward me. “We are the Chosen Ones, you are a Chosen One,” she turned and walked back toward Thomas. “You need to have the best doctors available. What does he know of witches? Vampires can be very unpredictable. Even the most restrained ones could slip up.” Her hand rose up to Thomas, and he kissed it. “Where would you be then? Their bite doesn’t always kill a normal human, but Bree darling, you are not a normal human. Their bite will kill you,” she laughed. “You would have no such fear from our doctors. They have studied the process and are the best equipped to handle your situation…and, they don’t bite.”
“Well, you are correct in that I am a Chosen One. I will stay with my doctor, and I will stay in my own home. I will not go with you.”
She stood behind her chair and placed her hands on the back of it. “Your clan’s ways are strange to you, are they not? Tell me, how are you handling that? It was not your wish, was it, to have two strong men attracted to you? I am told the human side of you is strong.”
“Only two? The prophecy spoke of seven,” I smiled. “It is an adjustment, I admit, but I so love a challenge. I will adjust, Essie, you needn’t worry yourself.”
Very good, Bree, Odessa cheered in my thoughts.
Esmeralda’s friendly posture turned angry and she squared her shoulders. “I wish to know where you are in the process,” her voice was hard. “You will have blood drawn here in front of us all, by our doctors, to see how green you really are,” she commanded.
Her smile was wicked and if she thought they were getting near me with a needle, she had another thing coming. “I will submit to your test, here in front of everyone. However, my doctor will draw my blood, not yours. I have had enough of your meddling in my health,” I stated firmly.
“Is your doctor prepared to take your blood? I am sure he will need to go get his supplies. That will take time, and our doctors are ready now,” she said.
“He never goes anywhere without his medical bag,” I smiled at her, then looked at Bradley and winked. “Would you like him to begin?”
She inhaled deeply. Anger showed in her violet eyes, but she kept her smile and hissed her words through her clenched teeth, “Yes, I would. Come out here to the front, Bradley.” She continued to look for weakness in my armor. “Do you need to sit, Bree? I understand you have a problem with needles.”
“No, standing is fine.” Bradley’s eyes looked straight into mine as he walked toward me. He carried the supplies he would need to draw my blood—the rubber cord and needle. I smiled to him and went into his mind. Hello. Don’t worry I have everyone blocked.
You’re doing fine. Are you going to be able to do this without sitting?
We’ll soon see, won’t we? How are you holding up?
He had my arm pinned against his side and with his arm locked around my arm, he tied the rubber cord around my arm. We’re doing just fine. Don’t look, and breathe through your nose. Here’s the stick. I felt the pressure of the vial going into place. All done—put your finger on the cotton. You did fine…the solstice is not far off, keep that in mind. He bent my arm up.
You do have a way about you.
Best bedside manner this side of Chicago. So, you know about the seven then?
Yes, Bradley, I know about them.
One of Esmeralda’s doctors rolled a table forward with a microscope on it to verify Bradley’s findings. He touched the vial and commented on the warmth that came from the small amount of blood in it. He watched as Bradley placed a few drops on a slide and slid it onto the microscope viewer. A projection went on the wall. Brad and the other doctor, who looked very familiar to me, spoke quietly to each other.
“Let me introduce one of my doctors to you. This is Doctor John Craig. He is the leading expert in these transformations,” Esmeralda said.
Doctor John nodded at me, then turned back to face the front and spoke, “As you can see, my lady and Council, her red and white cells are being boosted by the green and purple cells.” He took his laser pointer and indicated the cells he was speaking about. “These cells are making her change. The numbers of the green and purple have increased considerably since her last test. Her doctor just confirmed this to me. I estimate another seven to eight months before she crosses.”
I had hoped for the nine months Bradley had given me earlier. Bradley then dropped three drops of clear liquid into the vial and gave it a little shake. A darker shade of green than the last time rose from it. Bradley and Doctor John spoke quietly to themselves.
“My lady and Council, Aubrey’s doctor has confirmed to me the shade is three times darker than the first.”
Esmeralda nodded to imply she understood, but I had a feeling she didn’t have a clue what the levels of green meant. Karol brought the question to the forefront. “Exactly, doctor, what do these levels imply?”
I spoke before he had a chance to, “It will tell you how powerful I will be once I change.” Bradley and Doctor John turned to me. I smiled and they smiled back.
“She is correct. From what her doctor has told me, she should balance out somewhere between thirteen and seventeen times the shade.” The doctor noticed the confused looks on the faces of the members of the Council. “Meaning, she will be very, very powerful.”
I thought to them both as they were packing up the equipment, Thank you. If I didn’t have a bull’s eye on me before, I certainly do now.
Doctor John thought back to us. Keep her safe and out of hospitals. A lot is riding on you, my dear.
I thought I recognized you. You’re the doctor that took care of me in the hospital. I never got the chance to thank you. 
Bradley left to go sit with our clan, and Doctor John smiled and left.
“It is settled then, you will come with us. We will guide you through the process. As you can see, my doctors are just as good as yours. Have her room made ready—”
“Esmeralda, I will not go with you.”
She glared at me and I got the distinct feeling many people on this Council were not used to anyone defying them.
Elsa spoke up, “It is clear she is her parents’ child. Warren was always the stubborn one. Martha, I don’t know how you do it.” That remark brought a little laughter from the crowd as I looked at my mother and father. Mom gave one of those “Oh, Elsa” slaps in the air. It was probably a joke they shared from a long time ago. “I think we can work around this, don’t you, Esmeralda?”
That’s a good sign for you. She called her by her name and that means she is standing by you, Odessa said.
“I agree with Co-Council Elsa,” said Señor Hernandez. He gave me a slight tip of his head. I smiled back. “I do not see any problem with her staying with her family.” Several others agreed by nodding their heads. 
A man toward the end of the table said, “My House will protect her as she sleeps. She will fear nothing during her restful hours from dusk to dawn. She needs to be allowed to gain her strength so she can succeed during the transformation.” He looked at Thomas. “Wherever she sleeps, she will be protected.” Thomas nodded in understanding that I was off limits from attacks during the night when he was at his strongest. The man looked at me and said, “I wish you well, my dear.” His hair was black, his eyes dark and his skin pale—and his pale skin made the circles under his eyes look a little more pronounced. He had hollow cheeks, thin lips, and a very straight, pointed nose.
That is Steven’s ancestor, Count Wentworth. Odessa said. He is very powerful, and does not like Esmeralda at all. I think you have won a soft spot in his heart.
I went into Thomas’ mind very cautiously. My lady, we may have to let her transform. By bringing her here to the Council, you have strengthened her. I told you this would happen—you should have listened. We will have to be very careful.
I heard Esmeralda’s words of warning to him. Do not lose your resolve. She must not live. Gather what you need, be sure of your path. I want her dead. I want you to bring me her body, and I will watch your clan feast. If you can't do this, I will find those that can. I heard her gasp in her thoughts as she suddenly saw the necklace and bracelets I wore. Damn her, she is wearing my jewels. How did she get them? I want to know who is aiding this, this creature. I want the Chosen Ones at the castle questioned thoroughly. Do you understand?
She regained her composure quickly. “She may not even transform. Have you forgotten this? The process may indeed kill her—that is why she needs to be with our doctors. If we do not have her in our care, how will we know what progress she is making? She must come with us.” Her composure faded as she saw she wasn’t gaining much support. I could see the fear creeping in. Soon she would panic and that would make her very dangerous. I continued to listen to their thoughts. Damn her. The support I have cultivated these many years is waning. They fall for her young face. She must not survive. Do you understand? Even if she succeeds in crossing, we will end her life.
“Esmeralda—” I said, but Nelson interrupted me.
“You will wait until she has spoken to you before you speak!” he bellowed.
“Esmeralda,” I began again, “my doctor will keep your doctor posted on my progress. He can be present during the test…or my doctor, Steven, and I will come to you. It doesn’t matter to me where we do the tests. When I cross, trust me, you will know. Should the process go badly, I would prefer to be with my family instead of being with doctors I do not know. I will not go with you.”
I heard Thomas’ thoughts. My lady, we can still get her blood when she dies. If we do not get the chance to kill her here, I will simply go there. Her blood is what I want most. You will remain strong until she dies, and then there will be none to ever replace you, as she is the last. Let her go to her family, we will watch her closely. You will appear merciful in the Council’s eyes. She is surely doomed to die. The seers have seen it.
When he finished conveying his thoughts to her, he chanced a glance at me. You are in great danger, Aubrey. I can only do so much…you must do the rest. Then he stood back behind her and kept his hand on her shoulder.
I didn’t show any reaction to his remarks.
“If I agree to allow you to go home to your family, what reassurance do I have your family will be truthful when you die?” Esmeralda’s smile was cold.
“If I die, I will give you my body, and I will instruct my family to honor my wishes. You will have your proof. You may send one of your minions to collect it. After my family has said their goodbyes, it will be yours. When I cross into your realm,” I paused for effect, “you will know.”
She took a moment before she spoke, her words very calculated, “You have our,” she spread her arms wide to include members of the Council, “blessing to go home to die or cross, if it is to be. If you cross, I will welcome you to the Council. You may sit on my right side as we rule our realm.”
Okay, Bree, you may now let her know that you know you will be more powerful. You will gain many here and probably add to her paranoia, Odessa laughed.
I smiled. “When I cross—and I will—my sisters will sit beside me as it was written long ago. I will wear the white robes with the golden sash. My Houses are stronger than your House, and when the Fourth bonds, I will stand far above you. My powers will be greater. I will guide, not rule, our realm. Others will have a say, as it is their realm too. You have been asleep at the lead. There are problems that need addressing and I will address them. I will return once I have crossed.” I dipped my head slightly, turned, and started to walk toward the back of the room.
She slammed her hand down hard on the table. Clearly, she had lost her composure. “I have not dismissed you.”
I turned slowly back to face her, and smiled. “Esmeralda, you mistakenly think I am your servant. I am not. I do not need you to give me permission to leave a room like a child. You have work to do. I suggest you get to it.” I turned and left the room.
Chapter 44


I made it to the hall before I allowed myself to breathe. I realized we hadn’t arranged a meeting place for when it was over, so I contacted Steven with my thoughts, Steven where shall I meet you? 
“Turn around, I’m right behind you.” 
I wheeled around so fast I almost fell over. He caught me, and I jumped into his arms. I needed to hold him now and have his lips on mine so desperately. We had a few minutes to ourselves before everyone started filing out of the room, and we had our lips locked in a heated kiss. 
Then the voices broke our spell. My parents were the first to come to me. Steven reluctantly set me down. He stood behind me with his arms around my waist. My parents stood in front of me—they seemed to have aged in the past week. I saw the pain and worry in their eyes. They needed to talk with me, to try to make me understand. My mother fought to hold her tears, but she wasn’t having much success. My father kept his arm around her. Billy, Brad, and Rick stood back. The anger was still in their eyes. My aunt and uncle stood with my parents. They were there to help explain the events that had unfolded in my life, if I was willing to listen. My heart softened as I looked into all their eyes. I understood they had done the best they could. They did not understand the strength I had, but maybe I wouldn’t have had that strength if my life had taken another path. 
Odessa spoke in my mind. They are hurting child. Soften your touch. You are their only child, and they desperately love you. They never meant to cause you pain. Comfort them, child. Show them your compassion. 
“Bree, please forgive us. We are so sorry we put you through this. We completely understand if you hate us, but please know we did what we did because we wanted to keep you safe.” My father’s hands trembled as he wiped the tears from his eyes. He had old eyes now. The stress had taken its toll on him. My father was a tall man, big and strong, but he was crumbling in front of me and I could not bear that. “We were so old when we had you. You are our pride and joy, and we couldn’t let anyone take you away from us. At times, I know our fear clouded our judgment. We made many mistakes. You couldn’t hate us anymore than we already hate ourselves. We only ask that you give us a chance to make it up to you.” His voice cracked as he held back his pain and his tears. My mother stood by him. Her face was pale and her lips quivered as the tears fell from her eyes. She had let my father do the talking, but I knew she wanted to speak.
“Dad, Mom, please—what happened, happened. We can’t change the past, or what led to it, but we can change the future. We need to focus our energy on that. I don’t have time to think of my past. I love you both and could never hate you. Did you not hear me in there? Your choice, as much as mine, was taken from you. Your fear clouded your judgment. I promise you, I will never let that happen again. You must understand I am strong now, much stronger than they ever imagined. I don’t want to remember the past. It’s gone. I want to move forward, with Steven.” 
Steven’s arms slipped away from my waist when I held my arms out to my mother for her hug. My father threw his arms around both of us, and I let their tears fall. I heard my Uncle Donald make his amends to Steven and my clan. My grandmother came up and patted my father on the back and he moved away. 
My mother released me and whispered, “I need to hug my new son-in-law.” She and my father went to talk with Steven, and my grandmother moved in to talk with me.
“Bree, listen to Odessa. She can guide you far better than I ever could. Listen to her, child. Your path is very dangerous now.” She kissed me and went to join my parents, and I watched as my mother smothered Steven with her kisses.
Ryan and Kim came up behind me. 
“I had no idea they brought the chair for you to sit in. Damn, I’m sorry,” Ryan said.
I’d forgotten about the chair. “Yeah…about that. What’s wrong with the chair?”
Ryan shook his head in disbelief. “Okay, we really need to do a better job at this. The chair has many functions. It can inflict great pain and take you to wherever the Council sends you…and not in a nice manner. I have even witnessed the chair consuming people with flames. It’s a terrible device. No one knows where it came from, but the Council does use it. There is no rhyme or reason to the punishment it gives. Some say it has a mind of its own,” Ryan said.
“Well Ry, then it’s a good thing I didn’t sit in it,” I laughed. “You need to start a list and put the chair and this ‘human-magical falling in love’ law on the top. You and I will be spending time together once I cross, but I want to get married first.” I smiled at them, “I need to go rescue Steven.”
I walked over to the crowd around Steven and my clan. Steven pulled me in close to him, his arms around my waist and I faced my father. “Dad, how much longer until my divorce is final?”
“Maybe another month or two. Why?” he asked.
Steven rested his chin on my head. “Why do you think?”
“Ah, yes, I’ll see if I can’t speed the process up.” 
“If we killed them, you wouldn’t have to wait,” Rick said as he came up and took me in his arms for a big hug. “Finally, I thought I would never get to hold you.” He buried his head against my neck giving me a sweet kiss. His tone for me was very strong.
“There will be no killing,” I said as my arms tightened around him. 
Billy was next. “Damn, can’t wait to get home and get things back to normal with you, Half Pint. Little Timmy’s been asking for his favorite Auntie Bree.”
“I miss him, too.” 
When Billy set me down, Madalyn and Bradley came up behind me. Bradley pulled me close and swung me around as he thought to me. Our family is whole now. 
My clan was going to need a long rest after this.
The Robertson’s made their way through the crowd toward me. Mrs. Robertson reached for my hand and I had Rick and Steven by my side immediately. I looked at her and smiled. Her smile widened as I extended my hand for her to shake. 
“We can’t thank you enough for what you did in there. You don’t know us from a hole in the ground, but you stood up for her when we couldn’t do anything. Bless you. Your parents raised you right. We will be praying for you. You boys keep her safe.” 
Then Janet said her thanks. She smiled at Steven and Rick, I shook my head and laughed, “Sorry, Janet, they are spoken for.” 
Count Wentworth was moving toward us. His bodyguards moved the crowds out of his way as he walked up to me and took my hand. “My dear, that was truly fun to watch. I wish you the best of luck. Steven, please, my dear boy, you must bring this lovely creature for a visit. I look forward to spending more time with you, my dear.” He kissed my hand and licked his lips. “Sweet, you taste very sweet,” he smiled, winked, and left.
Next came Señor Hernandez. He took my hand and kissed it. “Aubrey, my dear sweet child, I wish the best for you. You stood your ground, and as I promised, we will stand with you. Guard her well, Steven.” He dipped his head to Steven and Rick, and left. 
I looked at Steven. “Well, at least he didn’t comment on how sweet I tasted. Where is Bradley?” 
“Over there. Why?”
“I just want to know where everyone is, that’s all. It’s time for us to go home and rest. Where does Becky need to be?”
“That’s something we need to discuss,” Rick said.
“Let’s keep the status quo for now. Let’s put her up in an apartment. After we have rested, we will tackle this problem,” I said. 
“Very well, Princess. Stanley will watch over her, but I want this resolved quickly.”
“Okay, you guys are in charge.”
“Steven quick, I think they’ve taken Bree and given us this short little shit who listens!” Rick teased.
I smiled at him. “After everyone has rested, I’d like for us to get back together. Plus my mother will be expecting everyone for Thanksgiving.” I could feel Rick and Steven tense. “Enough you two.” I wrapped my arms through theirs and started walking toward Bradley and Madalyn. “We have a lot to be thankful for, so it won’t be that bad.”
“What are you talking about, getting back together? Are you going somewhere we don’t know about?” Rick asked, a little tension was in his voice.
I placed my hand in his and turned to him. “I’m sending you home to rest. You and Sandy need your time together. Bradley and Madalyn need their time.”
“Don’t worry, Rick, I’ll have her call daily,” Steven promised. 
Sandy joined us as we made our way to the group. Madalyn and Bradley were talking with a group of people I didn’t know. Billy and Gina were there as well. As soon as we drew near, Bradley moved to my side, replacing Rick. 
“So, Bradley, what’s up?” I questioned as I looked at everyone.
“Just talking a little business here. Why?” 
I turned to him and grinned knowingly. “Can I talk to you for a minute?” I kissed Steven. “Be right back,” I said, then took Bradley’s hand and led him off to the side.
“It’s time for you and Madalyn to go home and rest.” I said as I fixed the collar on his shirt. I saw in his eyes he wanted to protest, and I raised my finger to his lips. “Please, enough. I am fine. I am going home. I’m sending Rick and Sandy home, and you and Madalyn need time to yourselves. You need to rest. Madalyn needs to feel secure with you. Please do this for me. We all need a rest. One week. That’s all I’m asking, then we will all get back together.”
“Bree, we…oh damn…I am used to seeing you daily now. A week will feel like an eternity.”
“Bradley, take Madalyn home. You can call us every day if that helps. I don’t know, maybe Steven and I will drop by. We’ll see. Now go.” I rose on my tiptoes to give him a tender kiss on the lips.
As we rejoined Steven and the others, I could tell their conversation had been a little on the serious side. Dirk and Andrew were present and they avoided looking at me. Everyone had plastered smiles on their faces, and I knew I had interrupted a planning session. As Steven wrapped his arm around me, I asked, “What’s up?” 
“Nothing, just talking with Dirk and Andrew,” Rick causally said.
“Uh-huh…whatcha talking about?” I batted my eyes at him. He knew I wasn’t buying it, but being the good sport he was, he smiled back.
“Nothing, Squirt, absolutely nothing.” He thought to me. I can be an ass sometimes, little missy.
Sometimes? I whispered back. 
Dirk was a very good-looking guy. He and Stanley were good friends, but I’d never really met him before last night. He was a stocky fellow, with tanned skin and thick, curly black hair. He wore dark Dockers, a white shirt, brown tie and a hunter green vest. He had a beautiful smile and brown eyes and a couple days beard growth on his face. I liked him. I had no idea why, I just knew I could trust him.
Andrew was skinny, tall, and somewhat nervous. He had short, wavy blonde hair, blue eyes, and a fair complexion. He was dressed similarly to Dirk. I didn’t dislike him, but I just didn’t feel as comfortable with him.
I smiled at them, and then went for a little walk through their minds. As I entered Dirk’s, he was talking with Andrew and Billy. My own cousin should know better by now, but I listened anyway. Esmeralda is royally pissed. Thomas is on a short leash to finish his job. Frankly, I’m surprised she didn’t try to strike her down right in front of everyone. Your cousin sure has some balls for a girl.
Yeah, she’s a pistol that’s for sure. She goes off half-cocked sometimes, but hey, I love her. What can I say? We’ll just have to increase the protection. Any idea on his plans? Billy asked.
None, I can tell you they will use humans as often as they can. Thomas is more afraid of Count Wentworth than he is of Esmeralda. From the looks of things, Count Wentworth has a soft spot for your cousin, and Thomas isn’t going to cross him…not at any cost. We’ll keep our contact on the inside and let you know of any changes. All we can tell you now is to keep a sharp eye out. She’s in more danger than I think she realizes, Dirk said.
I gleaned nothing new from this so I moved through the hall to see if I could pick anything up. All I noticed were happy people, and then I found one of Thomas’ clansmen…the one I had injured. I continued to search as I kept listening to my own group. I found Thomas standing by the door. He smiled when he saw me look at him.
Bree, we should talk—just you and me.
You know I can’t meet with you alone. Steven will not allow that and I will not lie to him. Speak to me now. What is it we need to discuss?
Your life for one. I will stay close to Esmeralda and I will do what I can. Learn as much as you can about black magic, my dear. Esmeralda is extremely knowledgeable in this area. She has been waiting on you a very long time.
Why are you taking such a chance telling me this? Your mistress would be most upset to learn you have warned me.
What can I say? You fascinate me. You aren’t afraid of me, but you really should be. I am very dangerous. Steven knows, Rick knows, Brad knows. My dear, your entire clan knows I am dangerous, everyone but you. In the end, you will know it too.
I’ll keep that in mind, but I really don’t think you are as dangerous as you want everyone to believe, but I will play along. There is more to your story than that.
I have told Esmeralda I can't do anything for a few months. I need time to put a plan together, so have some fun. Maybe by then we can think of something to stop her.
You know she will replace you because you were unable to make me fall. I fear I have put you in jeopardy, and I am sorry for that. Your replacement will fail too, though. You play a dangerous game.
You fear for me, huh? Could I have made an impression on you, my dear? Thank you for your concern and I’ll keep that in mind. Oh, and Bree, you do taste very sweet.
I looked at him, and watched him run his tongue over his teeth and smile. So I’ve been told, Thomas…so I’ve been told.
I turned my attention back to my clan. I whispered in Rick’s ear that it was time for them to go home. It was time for life to get back to normal.
I gently kissed his cheek and then I turned to Steven and smiled. “Talk business later, I want to go home now,” then I rose on my tiptoes and kissed him.
I waved goodbye to Billy and Gina. “See you later.” With Steven’s arms around me, we vanished.
He wrapped his arms around my waist. “Your wish, my Princess, is my command. Talk to you guys later.”


