Coming from Heaven
Book 1

Elena Kryuchkova, Olga Kryuchkova


 
“Coming from Heaven. Book 1”
Written By Elena Kryuchkova, Olga Kryuchkova
Copyright © 2021 Elena Kryuchkova, Olga Kryuchkova
All rights reserved
Cover - Image by Mystic Art Design from Pixabay (Mysticsartdesign)

Kryuchkova Olga
Kryuchkova Elena

Coming from Heaven
Characters
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3

Characters
England
- William Adamson — teacher of mythology and ancient history
- Alice Adamson — medium, William's younger sister
- Chris Aldridge — Alice’s lawyer and future spouse
- Genevieve Adamson-Parker — the mother of William and Alice, was married to Harold Adamson, later — to Raymond Parker
- Grace Adrian — sister of Harold, aunt of William and Alice, owner of a rich Scottish estate


This story is fiction and any similarity to real people or events are coincidental.
The names of real people who lived in the past are marked with footnotes. But the description of their life in this story is fictitious.
This story is completely fiction.

Book 1. Scottish Inheritance
Chapter 1
England, London, 1870, during the reign of Queen Victoria [1].
In the districts of the City of London[2], Islington, on one of the many streets, a red brick house has stood for a hundred years. Brother and sister, William and Alice Adamson lived in it. The father of the family, Harold, died of a heart attack. Their mother, Genevieve, being younger than her deceased husband, and still retaining her attractiveness, having endured the prescribed mourning, married a second time. Her new husband, Raymond Parker, was considered a wealthy man.
William was already over thirty years old, but, despite his age, the man has not yet got his own family. He taught mythology, ancient history and the fundamentals of archeology at one of the women's colleges in London, which was not very prestigious. Of course, Mr. Adamson's income was modest.
At times, he wrote articles on history, archeology and analysis of mythology. They were published quite successfully. But this occupation was more for the soul and knowledge than for earning. For they did not bring much income.
In his youth, William took part in a French archaeological mission to Mesopotamia and Media, initiated by the French government. It was headed by the famous French orientalist and diplomat Fulgence Fresnel[3]. The expedition lasted three years, collected a huge amount of valuable material, and ended in 1854. Julius Oppert[4] took part in the same expedition, with whom William then became friends and still kept up a correspondence. Fresnel himself remained forever in Baghdad.
Upon his return from the expedition, Julius was recognized as a French citizen in honor of his achievements in archeology and history. Julius himself was of Franco-German origin: French on the side of his mother and German on the side of his father. He studied the material obtained during the expedition for a long time, especially the clay tablets with cuneiform writing. The result of his painstaking work was such a scientific concept as the ‘Sumerian language’ and a solid work entitled ‘Expédition Scientifique en Mésopotamie’. This work saw the release after Fresnel's death. After the acclaimed outstanding publication, Julius was appointed professor of Assyrian philology and archeology at the prestigious College de France. Oppert remained in France and began to call himself Jules in the French manner.
During the Mesopotamian expedition, Adamson was still a youth. He helped with excavations and chores in the camp. However, participation in the French expedition left a mark on William's soul forever. He clearly decided: to become a scientist and devote himself to the study of ancient cultures.
Unfortunately, William could not boast of bright successes, like Oppert. Nevertheless, Adamson devoted considerable time to scientific work and writing articles for various academic publications. He also had access to catalogs describing materials brought from the Fresnel expedition, and actively communicated by correspondence with Oppert. Adamson did not fail to take advantage of the deciphering of Sumerian cuneiform, which was made by Julius Oppert and such famous orientalists and founders of Assyriology[5] as Henry Rawlinson, his student George Smith[6]. And the result of his many years of effort was the literary version of a number of translations of the Mesopotamian clay tablets and their adaptation into English. Adamson called his work ‘Sumerian Myths’. Studying the translations, he came to the conclusion that the ancient Mesopotamian deities, like the Greek and Roman ones, had all human vices. As evidenced by the ancient records.
After some time, after analyzing his work, Adamson put forward an extremely bold assumption: the ancient Mesopotamian deities were not just a myth, but living creatures of blood and flesh — representatives of a more developed civilization that came to the territory of ancient Mesopotamia from another region. Or maybe from another world.
According to one of the myths, literally retold by Adamson, in ancient times, north of the Sumerian city-state of Uruk[7], the golden temple complex of Inanna, the goddess of fertility, love and harvest, was erected. Traces of this once magnificent temple complex were allegedly discovered by British geologist and archaeologist William Kenneth Loftus in 1849. The ancient Sumerians called this place E-anna. It was a walled sacred site, a place of worship for the goddess Inanna, with three temples erected on it.
As William suggested, the temple complex was destroyed in a natural disaster. The assumption did not appear from scratch: Oppert deciphered a fragment of one of the many half-preserved clay tablets. It said: “For seven days the heavens were covered with darkness, lightning flashed, rivers overflowed their banks, and the earth shook.... Temples of the goddess Inanna disappeared without a trace...” 
Then Mr. Adamson had a question: was Inanna's temple destroyed by a flood? But more than one historical document does not mention the flood in this historical period. 
An expedition by William K. Loftus has suggested that Uruk was the first settlement in Mesopotamia. This was clearly evidenced by the powerful wall surrounding it. During the research, fragments of columns with mosaic decoration and various sculptural figures of ancient deities were found; excavations have begun on the meeting place of the elders — the Red Building, built of red bricks, and the temple complex of the goddess Inanna. But the funds allocated for Loftus' expedition were spent, and the work had to be stopped urgently. 
Over the past years, Mr. Adamson has dreamed of privately equipping an archaeological expedition and going in search of the legendary sanctuary. However, such an enterprise would cost a lot of money. Adamson simply didn't have them. He led the humble life of a college teacher. Alas, the fact remained the fact: the lack of the necessary finances did not allow the teacher of history and mythology to make his dream come true.
Of course, the aspiring scientist tried to find sponsors among wealthy people interested in ancient history and the search for artifacts. But all his undertakings, alas, were not crowned with success: no one wanted to sponsor an expedition with such ‘ghostly’ prospects. Although the fact of the existence of the temple complex and Uruk itself was proved by William Kenneth Loftus. However, all this time, a little over twenty years, since the day of his expedition, no one dared to go to the vicinity of the legendary Uruk. In the scientific world, the possibility of researching the golden temple complex of Inanna was very skeptical. And William Adamson, just a simple teacher of a little-known college, with his aspirations caused only sarcasm and an indulgent smile among venerable scholars and collectors of antiquities. However, Adamson did not lose heart and continued to search for sponsors of the future expedition.
***
... After the death of his father and the second marriage of his mother, William lived with his younger sister Alice. She recently passed twenty-five years, but she did not have, neither children, nor a husband. This was partly due to the fact that Alice, contrary to public opinion (according to which a woman should be married!) did not want to start a family, and, in fact, there were no men who wanted to marry her. For Alice had a bad reputation. 
Almost ten years ago, when Alice was still very young, she, along with her parents and older brother, visited a rich aunt (her father's cousin, Grace Adrian) in a Scottish estate near a small town. One day the girl went for a walk and disappeared. Parents and aunt Grace alarmed the entire neighborhood and the police. They looked for the girl everywhere, searched the nearby forest, all abandoned buildings. But, alas, in vain.
The police took testimonies from neighbors, parents, William, and aunt Adrian's acquaintances. And then it turned out that a circus troupe had recently performed in the town. Alice attended several shows and admired the performance of trapeze acrobats, especially one of them. The acrobat was young and handsome. And a fifteen-year-old girl could well get carried away, unable to resist the beauty and strong body of a young man. Therefore, the police decided that Alice had fallen in love and left the city with the circus troupe. This explains her disappearance. 
The police sent their men on the trail of the circus. To their surprise, when the police overtook the circus performers, they did not even hear about Alice's disappearance. The handsome young acrobat was interrogated. Alas, but he could not shed light on the mysterious disappearance of the girl. The police were never able to obtain confirmation of the acrobat's involvement in Alice Adamson's escape. But they suspected that she had quarreled with her lover and left the circus. And circus performers are friendly with each other, they are one for all, and all for one. That is why they are all silent and pretend that they know nothing about the escaped girl. The police returned back to the city. And they announced to the Adamson family that their daughter had never been found. But there is a possibility that she will soon return home. 
Genevieve and Harold already thought that they would never see their daughter again, but what was their happy surprise when she showed up a few days later, as the police had suggested. The fact that Alice looked somewhat different and more confident in herself did not escape the attentive gaze of her mother. The woman decided that the reason for everything was the early intimacy of her daughter with a man. Genevieve and aunt Grace immediately called a female doctor to the house to examine the fugitive. To the great joy of mother and aunt, Alice turned out to be a virgin.
However, Alice was severely reprimanded for ‘running away with an acrobat’ and was put under house arrest. Although the fugitive herself did not stop claiming that she got into the world of the fairies[8] and spent there no more, no less, but several years. Meanwhile, only a few days have passed in the human world. Of course, no one believed the story told by Alice, deciding that she returned because the acrobat had abandoned her. 
Despite the fact that such a regrettable incident took place in distant Scotland, rumors of the disappearance of young Alice Adamson reached London. The newspapers were full of various gossip, obscene details and all sorts of fabrications. One of the scribblers even wrote a diary that Alice allegedly kept during her stay in the fairy country. His stories were wildly successful. And London was just waiting for the next issue to be released, the circulation of the yellow press skyrocketed. The scribbler himself earned decent money on his fabrications and started his own business.
The reputation of the Adamson family was severely damaged. Various suspicious personalities and representatives of the yellow press were constantly wandering around their house. The parents of the fugitive finally lost their peace and were already thinking about leaving the capital and moving to another city. However, the father of the family, before leaving, had to sell his business, namely: several shops. But, unfortunately, he could not get a decent price for them. For buyers, after reading the newspapers, tried to buy up Harold Adamson's property at bargain prices. The family had to stay in London and worry about ridicule and gossip for a long time. All of this greatly undermined the health of the parents, especially the father. 
A visit to the fairy world did not pass without a trace for Alice. A few years later, when the girl officially became an adult, she became interested in esotericism and began to predict the future. Parents and older brother decided that the reason for Alice's strange behavior was her unhappy love for the acrobat, a secluded lifestyle and the absence of a worthy bridegroom. However, the family was stubbornly unwilling to admit that Alice's predictions were sometimes accurate enough. Father and mother considered this to be coincidence. Only William thought from time to time: “Maybe my sister really visited the fairies? And they gave her supernatural powers?” However, William was a materialist, although he taught mythology, and, having thought about the essence of life, agreed with his parents. And again and again questioned Alice's abilities.
Several years later, father died of a heart attack. This Scottish story greatly undermined his health. Genevieve, having inherited her husband's shops, and having endured the prescribed mourning, remarried. So the home was left to William and Alice. Genevieve was happy with her second husband. She tried her best to forget about the past and had little contact with her children, especially her daughter. 
Alice, finally, freeing herself from the insistent care of her mother, dared to take up her craft. And since for several years now, from time to time, she had given correct predictions (concerning the family and neighbors, and sometimes, after reading the criminal chronicle and regarding the crimes committed), the girl decided to open a new-fashioned practice of the medium. She long ago mastered fortune telling and divination by Tarot cards and a crystal ball, knew how to interpret dreams, performed a number of magical rituals (for love, for prosperity in the family, for good luck in business). And most importantly, Alice successfully conducted seances, which were increasingly becoming fashionable. And their fans were willing to pay any money just to be able to communicate with the spirits of deceased relatives or celebrities. 
Since ancient times, people have communicated with spirits, including dead people. A boom in spiritualism swept the world in 1848, after reports emerged that two American sisters, Catherine and Margaretta Fox, allegedly came into contact with the spirit of a peddler who was killed by the former owners of the house in which they lived[9].
Spiritualism was especially troubling to Genevieve. Previously, she in every possible way fought against the ‘innovations’ of her daughter, forbidding her to read esoteric literature. In addition, in England, spiritualism was gaining more and more popularity. Various societies of spirituals practicing channeling[10] appeared, namely: mediums provided their bodies for the temporary stay of the spirit of a deceased person in it and served as a connecting channel between the world of the living and the dead. And Genevieve considered herself a Christian, and spirituals and mediums, at least — swindlers or even a product of dark forces. 
Mother deprived Alice of all sorts of pocket money, but she still managed to get magic literature from time to time in the appropriate store. For Genevieve it was a mystery: where does the daughter get the money? And she decided to stoop to the point that she dared to follow her daughter when she went for a walk. Genevieve could not put her daughter under house arrest, because Alice had already become an adult. 
And to her great surprise, Genevieve saw how Alice put on a colored shawl on her shoulders, sat down at a folding table at one of the crowded intersections three blocks from the house and began to read Tarot for everyone. And those were. The mother's first impulse was to run up to her daughter, grab her hand and drag her away. But she restrained herself, deciding to speak out to Alice at home. But her words did not have the proper effect on her daughter. After remarrying and leaving her home, Genevieve experienced indescribable relief. And mentally she swore that she would not cross the threshold of this house again. 
And now, when Alice was free, she arranged in the house, on the first floor, her father's study for receiving visitors and conducting sessions of communication with spirits. To find clients, she gave ads to a newspaper of dubious reputation, in a special section ‘magicians and psychics’. Soon, Alice had a regular clientele. And her services were often recommended by acquaintance. 
William only sighed from time to time, tired of endless doorbells (especially on Sunday) and strangers scurrying around the first floor of the house. He ordered the servants to open the door. But they constantly grumbled that the house had turned into a courtyard, expressing their displeasure with William. The old servants regretted that Mrs. Genevieve had left the house: in her presence, Alice would not have dared to arrange such a thing! 
William was annoyed, work on the next article was slow. He had already moved to the farthest room in the stuffy attic, so as not to see or hear anything. And he gave his sister complete freedom of action. But the old maid could not resist and quit. Alice immediately advertised and found a new maid who willingly opened the doors of the house for visitors. After all, they brought a solid income. 
And when William once again tried to speak to his sister about her craft at breakfast, Alice replied in a tone of impatient objection:
“We need to maintain the house, pay the maid, the laundress, the gardener-stoker. Eat! And you need a new suit too! I had to calculate the last salary for the coachman, sell the carriage. Your salary is sorely lacking to cover all expenses. If you remember, our father did not have time to leave a will. And mother got everything. And she, as you understand, does not intend to share with us. So be patient, dear brother!” 
William wilted. He felt confusion and shame: he is a grown man with an education, earning much less than his sister-medium. Suddenly a cat named Coon walked past the table, proudly bushy his tail. He made an victory lap around the dining room, went up to Alice and purred invitingly: as if asking for something tasty. Alice poured the cream into a saucer and placed it in front of the pet. 
Coon appeared in the house ten years ago after an ill-fated trip to Scotland. He got his name from father because of his raccoon striped fluffy tail. Coon had an interesting character, behavior and habits. In the old days, he loved to eat only the best food: boiled and stewed fish, meat cut into small pieces. Now Alice obliged the maid to take care of him.
However, Coon was very attached to Alice. He loved to sit in her office and contemplate the visitors. Women liked him very much. Alice believed that the cat sees spirits and can communicate with them.
But the cat has recently developed a very bad habit: he began to walk at night. Coon left the house in the evening and returned at about six in the morning. And he rang his foot in the doorbell (Alice specially tied a long cord so that the cat could easily get it).
Naturally, from the shrill bell, brother and sister Adamson woke up very early. The maid hurried to let the cat in, saying:
“You came, dear cat! Come in! Now I will feed you!” 
Coon walked busily into the house and walked to the kitchen.
William was annoyed at first. He could no longer fall asleep, he had to get up and wash. At breakfast he reprimanded his sister:
“The cat was ringing the doorbell again! Why did you teach him this?” 
“He learned it himself,”  Alice retorted. And morally she remarked: “Besides, those who get up earlier, God blesses them.” 
William, struggling to contain his irritation, remarked:
“Isn't it easier to make a small hole in the door for him? Let he pass through it at least during the day, at least at night.” 
Alice grunted and promised:
“I'll think about your proposal...” 
William even tried to sleep in the attic, in his office. But the small room was stuffy in summer and cold in winter. Therefore, with the mood of a criminal doomed to execution, he remained in his bedroom. And over time, he got used to waking up early. Sometimes, immediately after waking up, he tried to write down in a notebook his thoughts that came to him in a dream. All of them concerned the next scientific archaeological article or correspondence with Oppert.
***
The day began as usual. Coon again woke the inhabitants of the house with the ringing of the doorbell. The maid let the pet inside and went to feed him. Awakened William, mentally calling the cat ‘an impudent fur suitcase’, got up and began to wash.
Soon brother and sister Adamson sat down to breakfast in a small dining room located on the ground floor of the house next to the kitchen and the maid's room. The maid prepared breakfast (she was used to getting up at six in the morning, so Coon did not spoil her mood at all).
Alice, surprisingly, looked quiet and thoughtful.
“What happened, dear sister? You are clearly burdened by something...” asked her brother.
“I had a dream today...” the sister confessed. “As if you have found a treasure! And then some people appeared from the darkness... And they set out to take possession of your treasure, William!” 
William mentally regretted that he had asked his sister a question: “Oh, why did I say that?! Now she will begin to say that this is not good and it would be necessary to read the cards...” 
William had a hard time believing in his sister's ‘prophetic dreams’ (although they were often a warning). His fears, alas, were fully justified: the restless sister-medium theatrically raised her eyes to the imaginary sky (i.e. the ceiling), and emotionally began:
“I'm sure it’s not good! I need to read the cards!” 
And without even finishing her tea, she rushed headlong for the Tarot deck. Soon Ms. Adamson reappeared in the dining room, Tarot cards in hand, and, taking the same place, began to deftly shuffle them.
“Alice, do not make predictions during breakfast! But what about good manners?” brother remarked with displeasure.
The sister simply ignored this remark. After all, William was always dissatisfied with something. And a minute later there was a card layout on the table...
“William, the cards clearly say that in the near future you will have a meeting and some trials,” Alice said thoughtfully.
“I even know what you mean...” he grinned grimly in response. “Today I have a meeting with another potential sponsor of the archaeological expedition. They will probably refuse me again... And new trials will begin...” 
“However, regarding sponsorship, I can read the cards again,” the medium said. And without waiting for an answer, she shuffled and laid out a deck of cards.
She gave the cards a thoughtful look. Silence reigned in the dining room. Finally, William could not resist and sarcastically curious:
“And what do the cards say, dear sister?” 
“Help will come to you after sadness and disappointment,” the medium-sister replied.
As if assenting to the owner, Coon, who was lying on the windowsill, meowed expressively. Alice perked up:
“You see, even Coon confirms it! And he can communicate with supernatural forces!” 
William sighed and thought: “The cat just meowed... Or maybe yawned... And where did Alice get the idea that he could come into contact with spirits? Delirium... Poor girl...” 
Aloud, Mr. Adamson said:
“Dear sister, most likely, I need to rely on my ability to convince the next sponsor of the success of the upcoming expedition.” 
The sister smiled maliciously:
“Let's see what you say when the prediction is fulfilled...” 
***
After breakfast, William headed to the college to lecture.
Alice, meanwhile, moved into the living room and asked the cards: should she wait for daytime visitors today or not? Of course, many of her regular customers preferred to send a note in advance informing about the upcoming visit. But many, believing in magic and supernatural powers, could easily come without warning.
Alice loved the bright and airy living room. At one time, her mother called the living room ‘the drawing room’. At the time of her youth, this room was an indicator of the status and material well-being of the owners. Order was kept here with the utmost care in case someone suddenly came on an unscheduled visit.
In the Adamson family home, there was a soft sofa, high-backed chairs, and a small round table in the living room. And, of course, armchairs bought by mother, Mrs. Genevieve. The chairs were different in shape and size: different for ladies and gentlemen. The men's armchairs are deeper and have wide armrests. And the women's armchairs were without armrests at all. The reason for this was prosaic: ladies in the days of Genevieve's youth wore fashionable crinoline skirts. In such a dress, it was not possible to sit comfortably on a deep seat with high armrests. True, bustles[11] have recently been actively supplanting old-fashioned crinolines, but the chairs in the Adamson family's house have remained the same.
The interior of the living room was complemented by a fireplace, decorated with colored tiles with patterns in Spanish style. A large round mirror hung above it, and the fireplace itself was decorated with silver candlesticks and small country-style sculptures.
Genevieve designed the living room with special love, decorating the walls with paintings by fashionable watercolors (hence the name of the living room — drawing room). Along one of the walls were two carved bookcases, on which were kept various little things and cute hand-made trinkets, made by mother. The crown of the interior was a large chandelier with hand-painted faience domes. Despite the advent of electricity in wealthy homes in England, the Adamsons' living room was lit in the old fashioned way, with wax candles. Alice was afraid of gas lamps and gas lights in general. She only treated its well on the streets of London. And no matter how William tried to convince her of their safety, all his attempts were in vain. Alice made many arguments against indoor gas lighting. In particular, she read in the newspaper about a series of explosions in houses caused by gas. For this very reason, instead of a gas stove, the Adamson family still had a coal-fired stove in their kitchen.
Genevieve treasured the furnishings, because some of the pieces of furniture belonged to the paternal grandfather of William and Alice. It is not in vain that one of the criteria for choosing furniture was its good quality: so that it would serve for several generations. So grandfather's chairs were still in the living room. Genevieve simply changed the upholstery on them.
Recently, to the great regret of Alice, an old cabinet with marble inserts fell into disrepair. Genevieve proudly said that it belonged to Queen Elizabeth Tudor. It was not possible to verify this fact, and therefore all the family and friends of the family took the Royal past of the cabinet on faith. However, she, showing a fair amount of practicality, asked William to remove the marble inserts from its. But on closer inspection, they looked depressing. 
Alice remembered this cabinet from childhood and decided to draw a sketch and order exactly the same one in one of the furniture making workshops that pretty much filled the London market with elegant antique fakes.
As a result, a plywood cabinet appeared in the living room, which the manufacturers painted in a mahogany look. And the marble inserts were imitated by varnished paper with stains. William winced at the sight of the new piece of furniture. The cabinet really looked like the old one. But with one enviable difference: it was a plebeian by birth. 
Of course, as in all decent London houses, there was a piano in the living room. Alice tried unsuccessfully to master this instrument. Genevieve herself was engaged in teaching her daughter, forced her to sit at the piano straight like a stick. Alice got tired quickly and reluctantly studied. Mother was constantly angry and, in the end, desperate to teach her daughter any musical skills. Although Genevieve herself played well.
The second floor of the house was occupied by three bedrooms and a guest room. Nobody lived in it for a long time. Unless aunt Grace Adrian once came from Scotland to London on business. The attic was not considered a living space, but under the roof was William's office, a spacious storage room and a small room that did not have a specific purpose. 
...So, Alice read the cards three times. And three times they said to wait for the day visitors. Alice tried not to ask the cards more than three times in a row. However, she could not resist and laid out the cards again. Alice looked at the result and quickly shuffled the cards: they portended death and bad news. The medium knew for sure: whom death would call. She put the Tarot in a box and left the living room, leaving the sleeping cat alone on the wide windowsill.
***
Ms. Adamson did have three visitors during the day. Two decent ladies who believe in magic: one on recommendation, and the other has already come earlier. And a gentleman according to the advertisement in the newspaper, which Alice regularly gave in the appropriate section. All three were quite happy with the services of the medium and paid her.
Alice calculated her daily earnings, carefully wrote down its results in a special notebook, had time to dine, when a messenger appeared at the door and handed her two letters addressed to Mr. and Ms. Adamson. The sender of the first letter was the manager of aunt Adrian, the second — a law firm from Scotland. The girl's heart skipped a beat. The other day she had a bad dream about her aunt. However, she didn't say anything to William as he was focused on the upcoming meeting with the sponsor. He probably would have ignored everything. Alice shivered: she already knew aunt Grace Adrian, her father's cousin, had passed away. The Tarot in the morning also foreshadowed death. 
Mr. Adamson had a very bad day. He could not convince another alleged sponsor of the expedition's expediency. The sponsor turned out to be a practical and highly skeptical person. He perfectly studied the materials of the expedition to Uruk, from which he concluded that for himself, as a collector, there is little that he can learn. Neither the mosaic columns, nor the Red Building, nor the huge statues of ancient Sumerian deities interested him. And William did not provide clear evidence that in Uruk and the sanctuary of the goddess Inanna one can find jewelry, well-preserved household items, precious objects of worship. Namely, such artifacts were intended to be acquired by almost all private collectors-sponsors. For it is easier to withdraw them from Assyria to England, and then sell them at one of the auctions intended for a narrow circle of interested persons. William was desperate. He understood that there would be no end to his fruitless attempts. And he did not dare to count on the support of the British Museum. Only a renowned scientist, but by no means a mediocre college teacher, could receive such support.
...William found his sister in the living room. She indulged in reading a book. There was still time before the evening reception, when regular customers usually came.
The brother and sister exchanged polite greetings. William drew attention to the title of the book: ‘Alice in Wonderland[12]’. “Alice is reading about Alice,” William chuckled inwardly. He had heard a lot about this unusual work, but somehow there was not enough time to read it.
“How was the meeting with the sponsor?” Alice asked in a slightly hoarse voice.
“I was denied,” was the short answer. Unwittingly, the man noticed that his sister looked upset, and her eyes were reddened, as if from tears.
“So it will work next time. The cards told me that help will come to you after sadness and disappointment...” 
“Alice, what the cards say and how things are in reality are two different things. And they don't always match,” William remarked wearily.
He did not deny that his sister's predictions often come true, but he considered everything to be ordinary coincidences.
“By the way, two letters came today...” 
“Which ones?” 
“From Scotland... As you know, our aunt Grace has not been feeling well lately, so she bequeathed to us in half all her considerable property. Recently she left this world... A letter with this sad news was written by her manager... And the second message is from the law office: we must go to the estate of aunt and enter into an inheritance.” 
“How? Aunt Grace is no longer among us?..” William was taken aback, missing the moment about the inheritance deafening. “How did it happen?..” 
“According to the manager, she died quietly in her sleep... Recently I had a bad dream about her...” Ms. Adamson sighed. 
William met his aunt a long time ago, when his sister was running away with the acrobat. Since then, the aunt regularly corresponded with Genevieve, William received rare letters from her. Mrs. Adrian deprived Alice of her attention. Neither William nor Alice were ever close to her. Grace was simply the cousin of their father, who occasionally visited her with the family. The last time was almost ten years ago after she was widowed. Aunt did not even come to their father's funeral, referring to her poor health in a letter and expressing her sincere condolences to her relatives. Nevertheless, she did not forget about her nephew and niece, since she and her husband did not have their own children.
“William, are you hungry? Would you like to dine?” Alice asked, putting her book aside. 
William was in confusion and could not understand: is he hungry? The sister decided that her brother's confusion was caused by the difficult events of the current day and ordered to set the table. William ate without appetite. While he was slicing a fat steak with a knife, his sister's words came to his mind: ‘help will come to you after sadness and disappointment...’ And now it really came.
“Aunt Grace was rich. Half of the inheritance will be enough to organize an expedition. Maybe Alice is really the medium?.. And didn’t run away with the acrobat at all?.. And something inexplicable happened to her?.. And fairies are just a version of the events of a frightened girl... What then really happened?..” mentally reasoned William eating the steak. 
Genevieve also received a message from Scotland. The manager informed her that her relative, sister-in-law, Grace Adrian, had passed away. And the inheritance bequeathed, he was sure, to William and Alice.
Genevieve took note of this sad news. Alas, no one lasts forever. She was not getting younger either. Despite her correspondence with Grace, Genevieve chose not to attend her funeral. She did not want to see the estate and daughter, which together would awaken in her heavy memories. She wrote a short letter to the children. Genevieve did not dare to visit her offspring.

Chapter 2
William and Alice packed up the necessary things, bought tickets for the London-Edinburgh train and hit the road. William informed the management of the college that he urgently needed to go to Scotland for family reasons. The rector, a close-minded, domineering and proud man, spoke sharply about Mr. Adamson's unplanned trip. It seemed to him that the little prestigious women's college was the center of the universe and education. And every teacher should be happy to work in it. Mr. Adamson listened patiently to the rector's long, pompous tirade, and boldly declared:
“I've taught at your college for seven years, sir. And, undoubtedly, the students learned a lot from my lectures. You never liked my innovative ideas. You cannot forgive me that in my youth I had the honor to communicate with famous archaeologists. And in recent years, I have written many scientific articles and published a collection of ‘Sumerian Myths’. So, sir! I'm quitting! If you intend not to pay me for the last month, then at least spend this money with a noble purpose!” 
The rector's eyebrows rose. This tone was unusual for him. Usually teachers, knowing him with a bad and vengeful character, grovelled. He opened his mouth to argue, in his opinion, insolent Adamson.
“Mr. Adamson, you are forgetting! I will not give you a proper recommendation!” 
“I don't care! Go to the toilet with this recommendation!” William answered even more boldly and left the walls of the women's college forever, leaving the bewildered rector in complete shock. 
...On the way, Ms. Adamson read ‘Alice in Wonderland’, and when she got tired of reading, she indulged in reflections: “Why do some people believe in fortune telling and magical powers? They are looking for supernatural signs around them... Even where they are not. And people like my brother do not see anything, do not believe in higher powers, even if they appear in front of him... Father, mother and William have always considered all my predictions to be only coincidences... But this is not so... I know where from me these abilities. But it's easier for everyone to believe in the story of the acrobat than in the fact that I visited another world, different from ours...” 
Alice closed her eyes, pretending to doze off to the sound of the train wheels knocking on the rails. In fact, she indulged in memories. All the past years, Alice drove them away from herself. And now she was returning to Scotland and dared to remember her unusual adventure from start to finish. What if, upon arrival at the estate, she meets the fairies again?.. 
William noticed his sister's condition and carefully covered her with a blanket. The compartment in which they were traveling was designed for four people. But tickets weren't sold out completely. In the middle of autumn, few would venture to travel from London to hilly, northerly windswept Scotland. Therefore, no one interfered with brother and sister Adamson and did not bother with endless stupid, non-binding conversations. 
Alice remembered her first day at the Scottish estate. It was August and it was time to pick apples for cider. It was chilly in the early morning when the family got off the train and then moved to the horse-drawn omnibus[13]. Alice wrapped her fashionable coat with wide sleeves tighter. The omnibus was spacious, but straw was squelching underfoot, designed to absorb dirt and excess moisture. On the eve in Edinburgh it was pouring rain, passengers unwittingly brought wet mud on their shoes to the omnibus. And the straw had not yet dried out; the coachman changed it infrequently. Genevieve and Alice lifted their skirts in disgust and settled into hard wooden seats. By noon, when the sun came up and the air warmed, the Adamson family reached the estate. 
Grace made her relatives feel welcome. She showed the rooms prepared for them. The Adamsons cleaned themselves up after the journey, and were invited to a sumptuous gourmet dinner. Father, mother and aunt talked a lot, discussed the latest English and Scottish news. Alice was full and bored. William, on a plausible pretext, retired to the guest room. At that time he was not yet teaching. After graduating from university, he avidly read books on archeology and tried to write scientific articles. Therefore, he took with him to Scotland a couple of weighty books written by famous scientists. Alice quietly slipped from the table, deciding to take a walk around the estate. 
She passed the well-groomed park that surrounded her aunt's house on three sides and found herself in an apple orchard. The apples are ripe for a long time. Local women carefully removed them from low apple trees, resistant to the cool local climate and strong winds. And they put apples in wooden boxes. Alice involuntarily gazed at their well-coordinated work. A melodic Scottish song came to her ears.
The girl walked between the apple trees, inhaling with delight the sweetish apple scent. An elderly woman stood near one of the trees, dressed in a plaid skirt and a blouse of light colors. Her hair was covered with a homespun cap. Alice noticed that her gaze was clouded. Meanwhile, the other workers brought buckets full of apples and left them beside the woman. The stranger deftly and neatly packed the crops into wooden boxes. 
For some time Alice could not take her eyes off the woman's hands, dressed in knitted arm warmers[14]. Finally, the girl walked away. A woman of about forty, with a bucket full of red apples, approached her.
“I saw that you were looking at my mother...” she said.
The girl raised her expressive dark eyebrows in surprise.
“The woman who cleverly puts apples in boxes — your mother?” She asked.
“Yes... Everyone who sees my mother for the first time is amazed at the accuracy and dexterity of her movements. At first glance, it may seem that she is blind. But my mother sees everything perfectly. Until recently, she even saw fairies...” 
As a child, mother used to tell Alice fairy tales.
“How did she do it?” Alice was sincerely surprised. “Does your mother have some rare gift?” 
The woman nodded.
“Yes, she had. In our village where I come from, people tell the following story about my mother. As if in her youth she was very beautiful. But my father died when I was born. And the mother was left alone with the baby. One day she was saddened by the side of the house and breastfeeding me. And my mother had a lot of milk. It was at sunset. And then a beautiful woman in white transparent clothes and elaborate silver jewelry approached her. She said she was looking for a wet nurse for her daughter. Mother immediately agreed to go with the woman, for the money that father had left was almost over. But the stranger warned that she would take her with her daughter, that is, with me, for a long time. 
So my mother and I ended up in the land of the fairies. Mother became the wet nurse and raised the daughter of the beautiful woman for about a year. I spent all this time next to my mother, but I don't remember anything, I was too young. Fairy was pleased with the services of my mother and generously rewarded her. However, mother stole a vial of a potion from the fairy, which helps to see supernatural beings. Soon we found ourselves back in the human world. Mother sat in the same place and breastfed me. And I became tiny again, as if I had not spent a year in a magical land. Next to my mother lay a bag of gold, and in her sleeve she hid the bottle of potion. We had enough money for a long time. Mother sprinkled a potion in her eyes and saw the fairies. Therefore, in these places she was considered a witch. Recently she saw the very same fairy with whom she was the wet nurse. The fairy was still young and beautiful. And she immediately realized that mother was seeing her. She blew into my mother's eyes, and they covered with fog. Since then, the mother has ceased to see fairies, but is well oriented in the world of people...” 
Alice listened with interest, as it seemed to her, a fairy tale.
“What does the fairy world look like?” She asked the woman.
She shrugged.
“I don’t remember; I was too small. And mother gave the fairy a promise not to tell anything... You, be on your guard: fairies like to take young beautiful girls and guys with them. Sometimes they return, and sometimes they stay in the wizarding world.” 
A couple of days later, Alice heard from the maid that Thomas, who had disappeared ten years ago, had appeared in a neighboring village. And he looked the same as before. The girl thought: “It seems that can easily meet fairies in these places. They seem to be everywhere! Fairy tales, and nothing more!” 
Aunt Grace informed Genevieve that a circus tent had arrived in town. And shows some pretty entertaining performances. Alice, hearing this news, clapped her hands.
“Mom, are we going to the circus?” 
Genevieve was confused. On the one hand, in the Scottish province, there was something to be enjoyed. On the other hand, she could imagine the dubious level of a wandering circus. Her doubts were dispelled by Harold.
“Of course, my girl, we will certainly go to the show. And we'll take William with us...” 
In the circus, Alice was most impressed by the acrobats. Two or three of them were placed on the shoulders of the strongest giant acrobat, made all sorts of figures on he, jumped over each other, jumped into the arena, doing somersaults in the air. Then they climbed the ropes under the dome of the circus and upside down, clinging with strong legs to the trapeze, similar to a swing, literally soared in the air. A young acrobat entered the arena. He was handsome — blond, blue-eyed, and muscled under a tight leotard. The acrobat climbed the rope ladder under the dome of the circus and deftly hung in the arms of one of his companions, who was on the trapeze. Then the trapeze began to sway, and the acrobat flew like a bird towards another trapeze, where he was confidently picked up by his colleague. 
Alice froze. Her breath caught. Of course, the circus tent could not be compared with the London Astley's Amphitheatre, in which trained animals, acrobatic jockeys, and living pyramids of horse riders performed. There were also pantomime, clowns.
Astley was famous for its performances not only in England, but also in Europe (its branch opened in Paris). On its arena, whole plot musical performances, extravaganzas and melodramas on historical themes, including fencing and equestrian battle scenes, were staged. In addition, Astley had a building with a domed roof, a circular hall, a balcony for the orchestra and an arena stage. Alice has been to Astley several times with her father. And every time she trembled with delight. 
The show in the circus tent was much more modest. But the Adamsons saw the acrobats in the air under the dome for the first time. At the end of the performance, Alice tried to persuade her parents to go backstage and talk to the young acrobat who struck not only her imagination, but also her heart.
Genevieve immediately realized that Alice fell in love with the circus performer at first sight. It amused her to some extent. However, she sternly spoke out:
“Alice, you are the young lady from the respectable family. You shouldn't show your respect to some acrobat.” 
“But, mother!” the daughter objected. “He is so strong, agile and risked his life under the dome of the circus.” 
“Risk is his trade!” Genevieve said coldly. “If you want, your father will go backstage and give the acrobats his praise.” 
Alice looked sad, but nodded in response. Her dreams were crumbling in the bud.
... In the evening, the girl decided to take a walk in the garden and get some fresh air. And, in the meantime, organize your thoughts and feelings.
Twilight was deepening. The evening was warm, the silvery disc of the moon floating lazily out of the clouds. It illuminated the garden with soft, pale light, making the plants look like fantastic creatures.
Alice walked slowly along the garden path. She enjoyed the peace and quiet. From time to time, the girl could hear birds singing. Suddenly, the idyll was broken by a mysterious rustle.
The young lady turned around, deciding that aunt's cat had run. She recently gave birth to kittens, and Alice wanted to take a kitten ‘for education’: gray, with a raccoon tail. Father even came up with a name for him: Coon. Fortunately, the parents did not mind the pet, because they also liked the charming fur ball. 
A white deer with branchy golden antlers and a golden torque[15] on his neck appeared before the gaze of the surprised Alice. Girl, being a well-read person, immediately recognized the character of ancient Celtic legends: the deer Cernunnos[16]...
“It can't be... Am I really dreaming?..” she stammered in confusion.
Meanwhile, the deer made a motion with his head, inviting the girl to follow him. As if spellbound, she followed the mysterious beast. He took her deep into the garden, into the thicket of apple trees. Alice noticed an ancient dolmen[17] illuminated by moonlight, which miraculously survived from ancient times, when the Scots worshiped the now long-forgotten gods and goddesses. 
The deer went through the dolmen, the girl followed him. Suddenly, the landscape before Alice's eyes changed. Instead of the usual garden, a view appeared in front of her, as if descended from the pages of a fairy tale: bright emerald grass, outlandish flowers and trees on which amazing fruits from precious stones grew.
“Where am I?..” Alice said in amazement, looking around.
“In the world of those you call fairies,” Cernunnos replied in human language.
A cloud of golden light enveloped him, and in the next instant before young Ms. Adamson was no longer a deer, but a young man of unearthly beauty.
“What an amazing dream...” she said, looking at her new acquaintance.
“Lady, this is not a dream,” he smiled. “You really are in a different world now.” 
Alice, to dispel doubts, went up to one of the trees and touched it.
The bark turned out to be slightly rough and quite material. The girl touched the bright red gemstone fruit. It did not disappear like a mirage. And contrary to Alice's expectations, it turned out to be warm, despite its appearance.
“Is it really not a dream?” Alice was seized with fear, everything inside went cold. Before that, the girl did not take the encounter with the supernatural forces seriously, even after the woman in the apple orchard told her about the fairies.
She turned around in search of the dolmen, through which she came to this unusual place, but the ancient stones disappeared without a trace.
“Why did you bring me to the fairy world?” Alice babbled in dismay, addressing Cernunnos. 
She immediately recalled various stories about how the fairies carried people to their Kingdom. People spent several days there, and when they returned home, it turned out that several years, or even decades, had passed...
Cernunnos, meanwhile, replied:
“I understand your concern, miss, but you shouldn't worry... There are other girls from your world here right now. You will spend several years with us, but a maximum of several days will pass in your world. Then you decide for yourself: is it worth going back...” 
“But why did you bring me and the other girls here?” Alice could not calm down.
The fairy smiled mysteriously and said nothing. Instead, he made an inviting gesture and said:
“Please come with me...” 
Alice hesitated. But realizing that she had nowhere to run, she followed her mysterious companion. They walked through picturesque fields and forests. The girl did not know exactly how much time had passed: despite the long journey, she did not feel tired.
Finally, in front, a village appeared with a beautiful castle in the middle. Around it are neat houses made of light stone, and next to it is a huge lake with clear water, on which outlandish flowers bloomed.
Cernunnos accompanied the young visitor to the castle gates. There she was met by several girls of unearthly beauty in clothes made of light fabric. Cernunnos, meanwhile, disappeared.
Beautiful fairies carried Alice into the castle, showed her the room where she was to live for the next few years, and helped to change into an adorable outfit.
The young lady had never seen such luxurious dresses in her life, even in fashion magazines. It seemed as if the clothes, the furnishings of the room, and the fairy girls had left the pages of a magic book.
A little later, the fairies are the keepers of the springs, otherwise: the Korrigans[18], who lived in a huge lake, near the village, escorted the guest to the dining room. In a spacious, light room with lancet windows, nine girls of about the same age were waiting for her. Korrigans introduced young Alice Adamson to the girls, who in turn gave their names.
It turned out that all the girls came here recently, following the deer through the dolmen in the same way. Here are just a passage to the fairy world, the dolmen, moved across different parts of Britain. Therefore, the young guests were born in England, Scotland, Ireland, Wales and belonged to different social strata.
However, the girls unanimously admitted that in this magical world no one offended them, they did not need anything. They were allowed to go outside the castle and walk around the neighborhood. 
During their walks, young ladies met other supernatural creatures: unicorns, lake maidens Gwragedd Annwn, pixies[19] and other creatures. Alice read in books that Gwragedd Annwn, the lake maidens, lived in luxurious palaces at the bottom of mountain lakes. They are extraordinary beauties. Together with them lived their male relatives — gray-haired, with long beards, strong, despite their age. It is very simple to distinguish Gwragedd Annwn from ordinary women: no lady can compare with their beauty, in addition, they can only count to five. On land, the lake maidens go out to frolic, dance or hunt. On a full moon, they emerge from the water a minute before midnight and dance in the meadows until the first crow of the rooster. Usually, the lake maidens treat people well and often marry mortals, bringing magical animals with them to their husband's house. Usually, the lake maiden sets a condition for her husband — not to violate one or another prohibition. And when the spouse violates this condition three times, she returns to her lake and takes away the magical cattle with her. Here, in the magical world, the lake maidens left their home not only at night, as ancient legends claimed, but also during the day. Alice could not even imagine that she would ever meet Gwragedd Annwn. 
Soon Alice learned that in addition to Cernunnos other ancient deities lived here: the mother-progenitor of the deities Danu, her husband Dagda, the goddess of war Morrigan, the legendary ancient invincible King Nuadu, the god of healing Dian Cecht, the god of thunder Taranis, the blacksmith god Goibniu and Brigit — daughter of Danu and Dagda, goddess of crafts and healing.
... Local deities, from time to time, asked the young guests about their life in the human world. And, oddly enough, they taught girls various magical wisdom.
Alice lived in the castle with her peers, and the local inhabitants loved to talk to her and initiate her into the secrets of ancient magic. Young Ms. Adamson has made some progress in her knowledge of supernatural science.
But she completely did not understand the motivations of otherworldly beings. To all questions: why do they lure girls into their world and teach magic? — the supernatural creatures were only mysteriously silent in response.
The locals celebrated ancient Celtic holidays in their world: Samhain, Imbolc, Beltane, Lughnasadh. All these holidays were celebrated by the ancestors of the English, Scots and Irish long before the adoption of Christianity. During festivals, people turned to ancient deities. Fairies turned to the forces of nature and space.
The girls who came to the local world from small towns and even villages knew that Samhain took place on the night of October 31st to November 1st. In ancient times, it was believed that on this day a passage to the Otherworld opens and one should appease the god of shadows, Balor, and evil spirits with generous sacrifices. At the same time, a person should be vigilant, otherwise the spirits can lure you into the Underworld. At the same time, Samhain marked the arrival of winter, which was associated with the mythical Old Woman, that is, Death. 
Imbolc was celebrated on the first of February between the winter and spring equinox. At this time the sheep began to be milked. Later this festival was named after Saint Brigid. Beltane was traditionally celebrated on May 1st. On this day, the Celts kindled large bonfires, led livestock through the fiery gates (two nearby burning bonfires) in order to protect them from diseases. Grown men and women jumped over the fire and conceived children. Lughnasadh in the old days was called the month of August, as well as the Celtic festival of the beginning of autumn. Lughnasadh was celebrated on the 1st of August.
The fairies allowed the girls to watch their rituals and festivities. Alice especially remembered the Beltane festival, celebrated on May 1st.
Celtic deities gathered in a grove located not far from the castle (it was there that they performed all their rituals). And standing under the oldest oak tree, next to which was a stone altar, the goddess Danu said:
“The forces of nature have reached the end of their journey.” 
Then Dagda said:
“Nature is entering a new path...” 
Then Danu, Dagda and other deities uttered various ritual words for a long time. At the same time, Danu gradually lit candles on the altar. At the end of the ritual, the goddess took the branch of the tree and spoke words of praise in honor of the Tree of World, after which she placed the branch in the center of the altar. Then she placed next to it a piece of transparent stone representing the moon, with the words:
“Bride, Young Moon! We welcome you! Today you wake up from sleep! We are celebrating the wedding of the forces of nature! The sun gives its warmth to the Earth, and the seeds germinate. We honor the forces of nature!” 
When Danu finished speaking, a golden light suddenly lit up everything. But it disappeared just as suddenly as it appeared. Thus, ancient creatures maintained the harmony and balance of nature.
Alice and all the girls who were present in the sacred place involuntarily felt some invisible wave that gently enveloped their bodies. Alice immediately guessed it was an ancient energy that was released during Beltane. The girl was nourished by it and realized her destiny: if she returns home, she will no longer be the same. She will take away a piece of fairy from this mysterious ancient world into the human world. 
After three years, the Celtic deities gathered guests, Alice and her peers, in the main hall of the castle. Cernunnos told them:
“It's time for all of you to return home to your world. As we promised, upon your return, no more than a few days will pass in your world... If you all noticed, for all the time spent here, all of you have not changed outwardly at all.” 
Of course, the girls noticed this. Oddly enough, their hair didn't even get longer!
Meanwhile, Cernunnos continued:
“And all of you must promise me that you all will not tell people anything about our world...” 
Deities and other supernatural creatures, to which the young ladies have already managed to become attached, said goodbye to them. Then the girls were enveloped in a luminous cloud. In the next instant, Alice found herself not far from aunt's estate and looked around...
All the time spent in the fairy world, she lamented that her parents and aunt were probably looking for her. And she can't send them a message. Alice looked around: nothing had changed in the garden.
Suddenly, the mother's angry voice was heard behind her:
“Alice! Where have you been?! We searched you!” 
“In the fairy world,” she answered honestly.
“What? What kind of fairy world? Admit it: you ran away with that acrobat!” Genevieve was angry.
“No, I didn't run anywhere,” Alice said confidently. Genevieve felt a certain strength and confidence emanating from her daughter. She grabbed Alice's hand and carried her into the house...
The next day, Alice was examined by a female doctor. Mother and aunt reprimanded her and put her under house arrest until they left home. Rumors of an escape with the circus performer, thanks to the chatty maid, quickly spread throughout the Scottish town. Of course, no one believed in the girl's stories that she had been in the fairy world. (Except for those who have actually been there). Moreover, she could not ‘remember’ anything about her stay.
...Brother and sister Adamson got off the train and headed for the omnibus. Alice looked attentively at the coachman, a broad-shouldered stocky man with luxuriant red hair. He was humming to himself some local song... 
The horses harnessed to the omnibus snorted and kicked in displeasure. Not everyone could use the services of the omnibus, but only wealthy people. Omnibus fares were more expensive than third class tickets on working trains.
The Adamsons paid off the conductor and got into the omnibus, three more people joined them. The coachman barked something in Scottish, and the horses set off, dragging the heavy omnibus with them. Throughout the journey, Alice contemplated the scanty landscapes on the sides through the muddy windows. Stinking straw rustled underfoot. Alice thought that the last time in the omnibus, when they traveled with the whole family, they rode much more comfortably. 
After several hours of grueling road, the omnibus reached a fork in the road. One of its branches led to the estate. William helped his sister out of the omnibus and removed the luggage from the upper deck. Meanwhile, Alice noticed the carriage that the manager of the estate sent for them. The girl sighed with relief: they will spend the rest of the road in comfortable conditions.
The Scottish estate greeted the heirs with bleak gray walls, overgrown paths and an unkempt park. Alice remembered how aunt Grace loved and was proud of its. And she concluded that her aunt had been ill for a long time and therefore devoted little time to household affairs. When Alice and William left the carriage, a nasty cold rain fell. The heirs hastened to take refuge in the house. The manager personally met the new owners (he knew about Mrs. Adrian's will), placed them in specially prepared rooms and ordered dinner to be served.
After lunch, William began to actively discuss urgent matters with the manager. Alice went about the house. To her, too, it seemed unkempt and neglected without Grace's proper attention.
Meanwhile, William found out that the affairs of the estate were in excellent condition. Perhaps Mrs. Adrian, due to poor health, began to pay less attention to the comfort in the house and the tidiness of the park, but the financial affairs and reporting through the efforts of the manager were in perfect order. Therefore, as William realized, he and his sister should have received a very solid inheritance. However, the aunt did not forget her manager, maid, cook, gardener and coachman. She loved these faithful and honest servants as she loved her relatives. They served in Adrian's house for decades. From the manager, William learned that his aunt's will was at the Aldridge and Son law office in the nearby town. And tomorrow he intended to go there with his sister.
Alice went around the whole house, even looked into the attic. Then, obeying some impulse, she put on her coat, took an umbrella and went into the garden in the rain. The legs themselves brought Alice to the very place where she passed through the dolmen. Of course, there was no dolmen there now.
After returning home from Scotland, then many years ago, Alice often wondered: is she crazy? Maybe she spent several days not in the land of the fairies, but somewhere in oblivion? Hit her head, for example, lying in a secluded place in the park. Both the fairies and Cernunnos are just a figment of her imagination. But the doctor then examined her carefully, and did not find any signs of violence or injury. 
Then the bullying of newspapermen began. Alice hardly left the house and tried to forget everything that happened to her in Scotland like a bad dream. But, alas, she could not escape fate...
Alice stood under the umbrella in the middle of a grove of apple trees, from which numerous streams of water flowed down. She could not explain why she had come to this place again. After all, it was here that she met Cernunnos...
The girl's keen ears, on the right, heard the rustle of fallen leaves. She turned her head in the right direction: before her stood Cernunnos himself, there was no doubt about that. His fur glistened with the rain, drops fell from the amazing beauty of horns with many branches. 
The dolmen was clearly visible behind he, which just a moment ago was not there. Alice froze. She did not want to go through the dolmen and find herself in the fairy world again. Cernunnos looked at her attentively with his large dark eyes, as if he wanted to say: “You didn’t dream of anything! I stand before you! And you were in my world! You know that!..” 
Spasms seized Alice's throat. She exhaled sharply so as not to burst into tears.
“I remember you, Cernunnos...” she said. “And I am grateful to your people for the gift that I now possess...” 
Cernunnos bowed his majestic head, crowned with branchy horns, before Alice. Then he slowly raised his head, looked at the girl again, as if he wanted to penetrate into her innermost thoughts, went to the dolmen and disappeared between the ancient stones. It is unknown where the fog came from and enveloped the dolmen. Alice was sure: this was her last meeting with Cernunnos. The supernatural being knew that she would come to the garden and was waiting for her to remind her of the mysterious past.
... Alice spent a restless night. She dreamed of scattered scraps of some events. In the morning she tried to piece them together. But in vain. Dreams have become like scraps of thoughts, which are simply impossible to combine into a single coherent story. Most of all, Alice was struck by a young attractive man who kissed her hand in the dream... Who is he? 
The brother and sister met in the dining room, where breakfast had already been served with great care. William noticed dark circles under his sister's eyes.
“Did you sleep badly, dear sister?” he asked politely.
Alice nodded.
“I dreamed of some scraps of events. I cannot understand: what is it for?.. Besides, I am not used to sleeping on someone else's bed.” 
William was about to argue that the bed on which Alice spent the night was not someone else's. For many years ago, in childhood and adolescence, she occupied this very room during her visits to the Scottish estate to aunt Grace. However, he restrained himself.
The manager ordered the carriage to be prepared, and the heirs went first to the local cemetery to pay tribute to aunt Grace, and then to the law office of ‘Aldridge and Son’, located in the nearest town. The owner of the office, Mr. Aldridge, retired and transferred all responsibilities to his thirty-year-old son Chris. It was he who was engaged in the last expression of the will of Mrs. Adrian. 
Alice involuntarily dozed off in the carriage. William didn't bother her. After a while, the carriage stopped near an old stone three-story house, on which the modest sign ‘Aldridge and Son’ was clearly visible. Alice woke up. William helped her out of the carriage.
The heirs entered the law office. It was small and consisted of two spacious rooms. One of them was Chris Aldridge's office, in the other, filled with shelves and cupboards with various documents and papers, his assistant worked.
Chris, not spoiled by visitors in this Scottish wilderness, immediately rushed to meet the heirs. 
“Am I honored to see Ms. Alice Adamson and Mr. William Adamson?” he asked politely.
“Yes, it's us...” William said shortly.
“I offer my condolences to you two on the passing of Mrs. Adrian, your aunt. Nevertheless, I welcome you two to ‘Aldridge and Son’ law office. I am Chris Aldridge.” 
William smiled politely. Alice couldn't take her eyes off Chris. She held out her right hand to the lawyer, in a leather glove, and he pretended to kiss her hand with a formal kiss.
At some point, the eyes of the heiress and Mr. Aldridge crossed. Alice recognized the man from her recent dream. The lawyer looked neat and slender. His dark brown, but not cheap, Scottish wool suit, favorably emphasized his slender figure. The tie, matching the suit, was neatly tied. Chris's dark red hair was styled in the latest London fashion as the man ordered the proper magazines from the capital. Born and raised in a small Scottish town, Mr. Aldridge nevertheless graduated from the University of Edinburgh and struggled to overcome the provincial complex. Therefore, he actively followed the newfangled trends in the capital. And in this regard, he even grew small sideburns. Well-groomed sideburns favorably framed the man's face, giving him both masculinity and respectability.
It did not escape Alice's eyes that Chris hesitated slightly. But then, quickly pulling himself together, he invited visitors to his office, the interior of which has not changed since the days of his father's youth. And thus, the continuity of generations was emphasized. Alice liked this. She sat down in a high-backed leather-covered chair, and William sat in the same chair across from her. The heirs set out to listen to the last expression of the will of aunt Grace, about which, however, they guessed so unmistakably. 
Mr. Aldridge took the will from the folder and read it to those present. According to the will, the nephew and niece of Mrs. Adrian received equal shares in the ownership of the house, the vast estate and the land of the deceased, which gave four thousand pounds sterling a year. And also cash savings in the amount of ten thousand pounds, respectively — five thousand to each heir. At the mention of such a substantial sum of money, William noticeably perked up: finally, his dream will come true, he is organizing an expedition to the cradle of civilization, Mesopotamia. 
A separate clause of the will stated that all jewelry and furs received Alice Adamson. Dresses, shoes and other clothing should be shared among the maids. Then another clause was the order as to what amounts are intended for the faithful servants, the maids and the manager of the estate.
The heirs signed the relevant documents confirming the entry into possession of both movable and immovable property and funds of Mrs. Adrian. There were only formalities that could be settled within a few days. 
According to Mr. Aldridge, the deceased kept the money in a local bank in a special savings account, which was ready, in accordance with the will, if not to give the entire amount in cash, then at least cash part of it. Because ten thousand pounds is too much money. Or transfer the entire above amount to a London bank, of which they were a branch.
Alice and William consulted among themselves and decided that transferring money to the London bank would be fine for them. Alice had already figured out that from five thousand pounds sterling she could receive annual interest of at least one hundred and fifty pounds. And this income will allow her to lead a comfortable life. 
A hundred pounds a year could rent a house in a trendy area of London. Moreover, the house is very solid: with a huge hall, a main staircase, two living rooms, two dining rooms, a guest room, an office, a library, five bedrooms, a spacious kitchen and rooms for maids. However, Alice did not intend to move anytime soon. This means that at least a hundred pounds she can safely spend on personal needs. In addition, the rent for the house she shared with her brother was fifty pounds a year, including the cost of the maid and other servants. And these costs fell a heavy burden on her shoulders. Now William will be able to more actively participate in family expenses. 
To all this, she will receive another two thousand pounds of annual income from the estate and lands of aunt Grace, which she rented out to tenants. If subtract from them taxes on land, the cost of maintaining the house and the salaries of the maids, the manager, then there will still be at least 1,500 pounds. Alice remembered that her aunt did not like to save. And her house has always been kept on a grand scale. Ms. Adamson did not want to incur unjustified expenses and intended to put an end to this waste. 
William did not plan to increase his money in a London bank, but to spend it on an expedition. However, he figured that five thousand pounds would still not be enough. But now, being with the money, he can find a sponsor. And first of all, he will once again turn to the British Museum. According to William's calculations, he lacked two or three thousand pounds sterling. In return, he will promise the Museum that most of the exhibits that he finds during excavations will be exhibited within its walls. And that would be a very strong argument. However, he will legally leave a number of finds in his collection. The spending of five thousand pounds did not frighten William. After all, there was still an annual income from the estate. 
The heirs, along with Aldridge, visited the bank and made the appropriate arrangements for the aunt's account. Actually, on this all formalities for the registration of the inheritance were completed. Alice and William intended to return to the estate, stay there for a couple of days and leave Scotland.
Meanwhile, Chris Aldridge took a moment to speak with Alice.
“I wanted to tell you for a long time...” he said somewhat hesitantly. “But I didn’t dare... Do not consider my words as audacity... I remember how you disappeared many years ago and then showed up a few days later...” 
Alice blushed deeply. The memory involuntarily made her feel ashamed of what she had never done. She wanted to argue something with Chris, but did not have time. Mr. Aldridge, meanwhile, continued:
“I... I wanted to tell you that I believe you. Here...” 
Alice raised her eyebrows in surprise.
“Do you believe me?” she wondered. “That I was in the land of the fairies?..” 
“Yes... The fact is that my great-grandfather also visited a magical land in his youth. After that, he began to manifest various supernatural abilities... But the times were different and he had to hide it. Otherwise, the church could accuse him of witchcraft and heresy. My father told me about it the day you returned to your aunt's estate. And then rumors spread around the neighborhood, claiming that you ran away with the acrobat, and he left you... Father always had a negative attitude towards this kind of gossip. People also talked about his grandfather, God knows what...” 
Alice involuntarily smiled and felt tremendous relief, as if a mountain had been lifted from her shoulders.
“And also, if you need qualified legal assistance: I am always at your service,” said Mr. Aldridge and looked pointedly at Alice.
She understood the meaning of this look. And she thought: “Well, now I am a promising bride, with money...” 
***
Upon returning from Scotland, Alice decided to go shopping and spend money on fashionable clothes. William, at the first opportunity, went to the management of the British Museum and offered to co-finance his expedition to Mesopotamia. They listened to him attentively, however, not for the first time, and promised to think about it. William hoped for a positive decision. 
... On the day when Alice intended to walk along the shopping arcade, she woke up early in the morning and was in an excellent mood. She tidied herself up, had breakfast and left the house. It was dry, cool, sunny weather: truly, a rarity for foggy Albion! After a little thought, the lady decided to walk to a public transport stop, an omnibus, the route of which was just past the shopping arcade. At some point, she regretted that she had recently sold the carriage left over from her father. The old horse still lived in the stable and was looked after by the gardener-stoker. Alice loved animals and did not dare to send her horse to the slaughterhouse. She allowed its to live out its life in comfort, despite the additional financial costs. However, now they seemed to her a trifle. The other day she was thinking of buying a new carriage, a beautiful calm horse and hiring a coachman.
Omnibuses started driving in London from eight in the morning. Alice rarely used public transport: the maid made the necessary purchases, and the visitors came themselves.
When the omnibus arrived at the stop (the coachman stopped in front of a well-dressed lady), Alice paid the conductor a fare and took a seat on the lower deck. She knew perfectly well that in London the upper deck was intended for men. There they sat in the open air on two benches enclosed by a barrier. 
Of course, the ladies could be on the upper deck too. But people looked at such ladies with disapproval, because there was a possibility of accidentally looking under their skirts. In addition, since the upper seats were deprived of a canopy, and passengers in case of bad weather faced the corresponding consequences. However, in case of bad weather, the men could use the lower deck, tacitly reserved for the ladies.
Alice sat down on the bench. The omnibus started off. It rode slowly, often stopping in front of well-dressed people.
“I'm afraid the path will take too long...” a lady sighed nearby.
“You seem to be right...” nodded another lady, opposite. “Apparently, it was worth hiring a personal carriage...” 
After a while, the omnibus stopped. In populous London, this was a common thing, for numerous carriages took up a lot of space on the roads, clung to each other by wheels. The horses were sometimes frightened, reared up. The coachmen shouted, swore, the passengers were nervous. Carriage breakdowns occurred periodically. And passers-by fell under the wheels or hooves of horses. And during the so-called ‘ush hour’, when the residents of London were shopping and making morning visits, complete chaos was happening on the central streets!
Since Alice rarely traveled by public transport, especially in the morning, she completely forgot about the possibility of getting into a traffic jam. And without knowing it, she went shopping just when a crowd of vehicles was happening on the central streets.
In addition, midges flew out of the straw that strewn the floor. Nasty insects (despite the cool season), living on the floor in wet straw, began to fly annoyingly inside the omnibus, trying to bite this or that lady.
“Oh, how unpleasant! I have to endure the inconvenience for the money!” mentally she complained. “Next time I'll hire a carriage...” 
The omnibus finally made it to the shopping arcade. Exhausted Alice rushed to its. In the arcade, her fatigue and irritation against public transport immediately disappeared. For her gaze opened exquisitely decorated showcases. And now Alice was able to buy the thing she liked. She walked towards the line occupied by fashion stores for women, intending to purchase several semi-finished dresses. So the bodice on this ‘dress’ was sewn, and the skirt was only cut out. And therefore the product was cheaper than the finished dress. Alice sewed skillfully, and the prospect of sewing did not bother her at all. So she could fit the dress to her figure. Then she intended to go to a hat shop located on the same line. Then buy a new pair of warm boots... Go to the haberdashery... In a word, go shopping.
***
While William was waiting for a response from the British Museum, spending time writing a promising (in his opinion) article, Alice, as usual, received another visitor at home in her office: an extremely superstitious, but wealthy, plump middle-aged lady.
It seemed to the lady that a neighbor in the form of a succubus appears to her husband at night and draws out all the male power from him. The woman told her friend about her suspicions, and the friend advised her to seek help from Ms. Adamson.
Alice, barely glancing at the visitor, immediately realized that there was no succubus[20] at all. And the lady's husband is simply cheating on her. So, he simply does not have the strength for his legal spouse.
But in the opinion of the medium, this was still an absolute problem. Therefore, a small intervention of supernatural forces in this situation does not hurt. However, it should not have been worth disappointing the client in her expectations: after all, the woman expected to see full-scale mysticism.
As expected, Ms. Adamson made a prediction on Tarot cards, ‘looked’ into a crystal ball, talked with a lady about aura, cosmic energy and obsession with a succubi. And she went directly to the magical rite of returning conjugal love.
“Mrs. Little,” the medium said to the visitor. “Now I will perform a ceremony that will strengthen your marriage. Today is just the right day for this...” 
“Oh, great!” Mrs. Little exclaimed emotionally. “What do I need to do?” 
“Don't worry, I'll explain everything to you...” 
Alice got up from her chair and took a small wicker chest from one of the shelves. From it the girl took out two thick candles, two medium and two thin ones, and also a very large opal.
The medium placed the candles in small silver candlesticks, placed them around the semi-precious stone. On one medium-thick candle with a sharp pen, the girl wrote the name of Mrs. Little, whose name was April, and on the other, her husband, Dave.
Then she lit the candles and stared at their flame. Silence reigned in the room for about a minute. Finally, Alice broke it by telling the visitor:
“Now, the turn has come to cast the spell... I will do it, and you, Mrs. Little, look at the fire and think about how your marriage is getting stronger.” 
“I understand,” the lady nodded. 
Alice, meanwhile, began to expressively cast a spell that the love of April and Dave is indestructible and nourishes their lives.
The candles were out, Ms. Adamson said to April again:
“Mrs. Little, since your spouse is under the rule of the ‘succubus’, you need to perform another ritual that will help him finally return to you.” 
From the medium's explanations, April realized that she needed to stick pins into the onion for three days, putting all her passion into action. And at the same time, cast a spell that Alice will teach her. And then put the onion in the sun so that it is saturated with positive cosmic energy...
Mrs. April listened to everything carefully and wrote down the magic words on paper. She thanked Alice warmly, paid her, and left the Adamsons' house, heading for her carriage. 
***
Expeditions of famous archaeologists William Kenneth Loftus in 1849, then Fulgence Fresnel in 1851, lifted the curtains over the ancient culture of Mesopotamia. Since then, not a single European archaeological expedition has set foot on the land of the ancient Sumerians. William Adamson intended to fix this and recover on a long journey, taking with him the latest achievements of science and technology. In particular, he planned to acquire a camera, which would allow him to make a more accurate description and documentation of future finds. 
At present, the ruins of Uruk, buried under a thousand-year-old layer of soil, were located near the city of Muthanna, which was under the rule of the Ottoman Empire. If the British Museum approved the upcoming expedition, William intended to hire workers in the city of Muthanna, to purchase provisions, draft animals, carts and tents. There was no point in bringing all this from London. For in the place of the planned expedition, everything was several times cheaper. William, although he became the owner of a considerable amount, did not intend to waste money. He understood that the excavation could take a long time, even for several years. It may be necessary to correspond with new sponsors from the excavation site. Or attract his own funds received annually from a Scottish estate. However, Mr. Adamson was willing to accept even such financial costs. In addition, he will have to pay the authorities of Muthanna to obtain permission to excavate.
From the clay tablets found by the Loftus expedition, a number of historical aspects were learned. In particular, information about the ancient rulers of Uruk. One of them was Gilgamesh. Various exploits and adventures were attributed to him. William Adamson spent almost a year working on the book ‘Sumerian Myths’. Bit by bit he collected the material from translations of Sumerian cuneiform. And that was painstaking work. In particular, William's interest was attracted by decryptions in which the rulers of Uruk were mentioned: Enmerkar, Lugalbanda and the later Ruler Utu-hengal. William cherished the hope, one might say — the dream, that he would be the first to draw a plan of the ancient city, through the streets of which Gilgamesh himself walked. 
Unfortunately, the ‘Sumerian Myths’ were published in a small print run. And they didn't bring Mr. Adamson a decent fee. In addition, the scholarly British society perceived this work as some other frivolous thing. For the tablets from which the decryption was made were often badly damaged and part of the cuneiform writing was irretrievably lost. William had to independently reconstruct the text so that it was logically coherent and complete. In the introduction of the book, the author nevertheless mentioned this circumstance.
...William clearly understood that the archaeological expedition he was planning was to some extent an adventure. After all, he risks not only finances, but also his reputation. 
The management of the British Museum took a long time to make a decision. William was already desperate to get funding for the museum and was looking for another sponsor. One day, a confident, blue-eyed American appeared on the threshold of his house, ready to invest in the excavations of Uruk. At first, William was delighted, until he realized that the American intends to take all the valuable finds overseas and sell them to collectors at a profit. William had nothing against private collections. However, the American with his pressure was clearly embarrassing and looked more like a rogue than a representative of the American Archaeological Fund. William promised to think over the guest's proposal for a while. Fortunately, the British Museum sent Mr. Adamson a notice of its agreement to fund a future expedition to Uruk. William was jubilant. For the British Museum took three months to make a decision. And February has already come. 
William hastened to share the good news with his sister at lunch. She reacted calmly.
“I knew that you were going to Uruk with or without the British Museum,” Alice said. “About a week ago I had a dream... A beautiful woman with golden hair came to me and said that you would find artifacts that would undermine our usual foundations... But I did not tell you about it. You still don't take my words seriously.” 
William scooped up the soup with a spoon and gladly swallowed its contents. Then he uttered:
“Thank you for your support, dear sister, even if it is so unusual.” 
Alice smiled skeptically and thought: “I did not tell you everything from my dream... Why? You won't believe it anyway... Go to Uruk... This expedition will completely change your life...” 

Chapter 3
From the book ‘Sumerian Myths’ by William Adamson.
Long ago, Heaven and Earth were one. And then there was no grass, no fish, no birds, no animals, no people in the world. And the Heavens and the Earth were merged, like one mountain in space. And they were filled with the eternal waters of the ocean's daughter Nammu, the foremother of all things. Nammu made a son and a daughter out of herself: Anu — Heaven and Ki — Earth. And she settled them separately: Anu on the top of the mountain, and Ki at its foot. 
Time passed, the children grew up. And they began to look around in search of each other. And then Nammu brought them together as husband and wife. And Ki was born from Anu, Lord Enlil, who filled everything around with his mighty breath. And later the spouses had seven more sons, seven elements, without which there would be no light and warmth, growth and prosperity in the world.
After that, by the will of Anu, younger deities, the Anunnaki, helpers and servants of Anu, were born to Ki. They began to connect with each other, like husbands and wives. And sons, daughters, grandchildren and granddaughters were born from their unions...
And one day it became crowded on the mountain, where the numerous offspring of Anu and Ki lived. And then the father of all deities Anu decided to increase the habitat for his descendants. He called his firstborn Enlil and said to him:
“This mountain has become cramped for you, your sisters and brothers. You need to tear off the top of it and divide it into two parts.” 
And then Anu and Enlil tore the mountain. Anu lifted the top up, and Enlil lowered the bottom down. Thus, the Earth and the Firmament appeared. Since the mountain was torn apart, not cut with a knife, the surface of the Earth was covered with mountains, gorges and various irregularities. 
Anu chose the Sky for his life, and left the Earth to Enlil. And he began to rush over its, fill its with the breath of life. Without him, there would be no clouds, no grass, no plants... Enlil's brothers and sisters illuminated the Earth and warmed. And then the land became so beautiful that the deities wished to stay on it.
They made a request to their elder brother Enlil:
“Give us a place on Earth where we can live together” 
And then Enlil created in the center of the Earth a city called Nippur[21]. And the brothers and sisters of Enlil settled there. They lived in justice, and Enlil gave the city law, and watched from above, so that they were not violated... 
He saw that Nippur was good, and so were its inhabitants. And then Enlil decided to settle in this city himself. He built himself a high, white platform in the center of the city and built a house of lapis lazuli on it. It rose with its top to the middle of heaven, spreading its shadow to all cardinal points...
A woman from the Anunnaki tribe named Nunbarshegunu lived in Nippur along with her beautiful daughter named Ninlil. There was the girl so beautiful that many Anunnaki paid attention to her. Therefore, Nunbarshegunu did not let her daughter go anywhere alone. But the girl was stubborn and insisted that her mother let her go to bathe in the waters of the Ninbirdu stream.
And then her mother said to her:
“Go, but only know that Enlil himself descends from his temple to the meadows beyond Nippur. If he sees you, do not agree to what he will offer you. Tell him: ‘I am still young. My breast has not matured, and my mouth is still small.’ And Enlil will depart from you!” 
But in the end, everything turned out as Nunbarshegunu feared. Seeing beautiful Ninlil bathing in the waters, Enlil descended to her as fast as the wind. The beauty refused him, and he retreated, pretending to agree with this. But when Ninlil came to bathe the next day, Enlil was already waiting for her in the reeds. He pounced on her, threw her to the bottom of the boat and sated himself with her innocent beauty against her will.
The senior deities found out about this. They gathered in council and decided to banish the criminal Enlil to the Underworld. He had to submit to this decision. But Ninlil conceived a child from him, so she decided to follow him. In the Underworld, her son Nanna was born, the future god of the moon. He was destined to ascend to heaven in order to illuminate the earth and indicate to mortals the change of time.
Also, in the Underworld, Ninlil gave birth to three more sons from Enlil. But they were not destined to see daylight. They should have stayed in the Underworld instead of their parents and older brother Nanna. For these are the laws of the Underworld: in order to leave it, you need to leave someone else in your place.
In the future, after the allotted time, Enlil and Ninlil returned to Heaven. Then the Earth was inhabited by people. And every year there were more and more of them. Enlil was annoyed that there were so many people, therefore, from time to time he sent various calamities to them: plague, drought or flood. Seldom did the meek Ninlil succeed in calming her formidable husband... 
***
After Heaven separated from Earth, the tribe of deities grew larger and suffered from food shortages. And then the deities turned to the foremother Nammu, begging her to satisfy their hunger.
Nammu awakened the god Enki, her son.
“Wake up! Save other deities from suffering!” she said.
And Enki answered her, without raising his head from the bed:
“I have done everything in my power. I was tired of toil. And my sisters and brothers have only fun and feasts in their heads.” 
“No,” Nammu objected to him, “you haven't done everything yet. It is necessary to create assistants who will take our and your concerns upon themselves.” 
“What assistants?” Enki wondered as he rose from the bed.
“People,” replied Nammu, “who will be like us in appearance, but will be mortal.” 
“And what will I make them from?” Enki wondered again.
“From my flesh, which is called clay. I will separate it from myself, pour it on the ground next to the water,” said Nammu. “And Ninmah will help you to sculpt. She will wet her hands in water, nibble off a piece of my flesh, and make these creations. And you will already find a use for them.” 
This conversation was heard by other deities, they gathered and said to Nammu:
“Finally, we will live without worries. Why don't you have a feast, Nammu? And serve the barley beer from your supply.” 
So the deities gathered for the feast. Barley beer was served on it. And the deities, praising this drink and the hostess, also proclaimed praise to those who will give them food in the future.
Enki and Ninmah also feasted, drank beer and became drunk.
“I will do what you asked and create people from the flesh of Nammu,” Ninmah said to Enki. “But how can I know if my creation turned out well or bad? And how is their fate to be determined?” 
“Sculpt as you please,” Enki replied. “The main thing is that people are like us. And their fate is already my concern...” 
And then Ninmah moistened her hands in water and took a piece of clay. But the goddess was drunk at that moment. Therefore, the figures that appeared were not perfect...
Here's a freak with crooked legs and a wrinkled face. And here is a creature without a beard, which was destined to be a woman. But where is its chest?
“What are you doing?” Enki exclaimed. “After all, such a couple will not have offspring!” 
Ninmah wanted to destroy her work, but Enki gave them a taste of bread and said:
“Let them stay. The first will be a palace servant, and the second will serve as a eunuch in a harem.” 
After that, Ninmah fashioned a second pair of people, then a third... But she made ugly people. Enki gave them bread to eat and determined their fate. Then he said:
“Ninmah, let's switch places. I will sculpt people, and you will start looking for a use for them.” 
And so they did. And Enki began to make people. On the second try, he sculpted a man with very thin arms and legs, a swollen belly and a hunched back. Enki was overjoyed that he was able to create the man, and he told Ninmah that she would appoint the fate of his creation.
But the goddess only laughed:
“What could be the fate of such a cripple? Look how his hands and head are shaking!” 
With these words she went up to the man and brought him bread. But he could not take it.
“This man is not alive,” said Ninmah. “He has no purpose on Earth...” 
Enki became angry:
“I have found a use for your freaks! Find a use for my freak too!
So Enki and Ninmah quarreled, saying many hurtful words to each other. But Ninmah had the last word. And she said:
“Enki, from now on there will be no place for you in Heaven. But it won't be on Earth either. You will go into the depths of the Earth and will not see the light...” 
***
If the god Anu created life on Earth, then the son of the goddess Nammu, Enki, ordered it. For originally the Earth was covered with impenetrable thickets and swamps, snakes, scorpions and fierce animals lived on it.
And then, in order to fix it all, Enki took the plow and began to uproot the bushes. He made the first furrows on the ground and sowed them with grain. And to preserve the harvest, god built barns. Also, he filled the Tigris and Euphrates rivers with life-giving water and fish. And on the banks of the rivers Enki planted reeds. After which he took up the sea and entrusted the care of it to the divine overseer... 
Enki decided to give the mountain pastures to the King of the mountains Sumukan, and entrusted the cattle to graze the shepherd god Dumuzid. Enki showed him how to get milk, build barns and sheepfolds. Then, he taught women to make threads from sheep wool and weave fabric from them. Then, the deity instructed the goddess Uttu to observe their work...
Only now there were no metals in the country between the two rivers for the creation of tools, jewelry and weapons. But Enki knew that there is much gold, silver and copper in the land of Meluhha[22], which can be reached by sea. And he showed the way to people there so that they could exchange the grain and fruits they grew for metals...
Enki also created the city of Eridu, and raised in it fresh waters from the Underground fresh ocean subject to him. And so that people do not behave like animals, Enki decided to create special regulations and laws. He wrote them down on stone tablets. And people had to honor these laws. 
***
Even before the deities divided the Earth among themselves, there was the country of Dilmun[23], which was surrounded by the lead waters of the abyss. There were no streams or rivers on that island until Enki opened the mouth of the Earth and poured fresh water through them. And then green fields and various plants appeared. Dilmun became a bright and peaceful land, and everyone living in it was happy.
The beautiful Ninhursag, the lady of purity, also lived on that island. Once Enki was seduced by her beauty, and lay down with her on the bed. And nine days later, Ninhursag's first daughter was born — the goddess Ninsar. She gave birth to a daughter without suffering.
Meanwhile, Enki departed from Ninhursag to the banks of his river. And there he lay down with Ninsar, not knowing that she was his daughter. Ninsar later gave birth to a daughter Ninkurra. Ninkurra gave birth to the goddess of weaving, Uttu. Enki liked Uttu too...
By that time, Ninhursag already knew that her husband was not faithful to her. She warned her granddaughter not to believe Enki and demanded marriage gifts from him. And Enki brought vegetables and fruits as a gift to Uttu, after which he lay down with her...
Meanwhile, Ninhursag gave birth to eight plants. All of them were born easily and without suffering. And the goddess began to think: what names should she give them? For without names there is no life...
When she finally came up with names, she came to announce them. And she found that Enki had eaten all eight plants. Ninhursag could not forgive him for the destruction of her children and betrayals. She cursed Enki by shouting:
“I don't want to see you again!” 
And she left the island...
Enki suffered terribly, and the whole world suffered with him, condolences to him. No one could help Enki except Ninhursag herself. Enki sent all the beasts to search for her, but none could find her. And his suffering increased. The world was heading for ruin. But the fox, the most agile of the animals, for the promised reward, found the trail of Ninhursag...
The fox found her, and it turned out that the goddess herself was already sorry that she had doomed her husband to torment. The goddess hurried after him to Dilmun, rushed to Enki and said:
“My husband, what hurts you?” 
His teeth ached so badly that he could not utter a word, but only grabbed the jaw. And then a very young goddess, Lady of the Jaw, was born to the Mother of all Deities. She touched Enki's chin and his toothache went away.
“What else hurts you?” Asked Ninhursag.
“Oh,” Enki replied, clutching his side.
And then Ninhursag gave birth to the goddess Ninta, the Lady of the Rib. Ninta touched Enki's sore spot and the pain was gone.
Thus, Ninhursag, with the help of eight healer-daughters, expelled eight ailments from Enki's body. He got to his feet.
And the couple then left the island and no longer quarreled.
And when, by the will of the deities, a flood occurred on earth, the elder Utnapishtim settled in Dilmun, to whom the deities bestowed immortality. 
***
This was before Enki gave laws to humans. And this happened after the great Enlil built the city of Nippur on Earth and populated it with the Anunnaki-deities. Life then was meager and poor.
People did not know grain, domestic animals, and did not even know how to weave. They walked naked, ate grass and roots.
And then the deities conceived to improve life on Earth. God Anu gathered everyone on the Mountain of Heaven and Earth, and the goddess of grain Ashnan and her sister, the goddess of sheep breeding, Lahar[24], were created there. The goddesses were supposed to satisfy the hunger and thirst of the Anunnaki. But even though the deities ate bread and drank milk, they could not get enough. And then the wise Enki suggested to Enlil to bring the goddesses down to the people on Earth.
Enlil thought and agreed. And the goddesses Lahar and Ashnan went to the people. And the hearts of the deities were filled with joy when they saw that wealth and abundance filled the country...
But one day, Ashnan and Lahar drank too much wine. And getting drunk, they started a dispute: which of them is more important and more necessary: Ashnan with her agriculture or Lahar with her cattle breeding?
Ashnan said:
“Sister, I am superior to you! Grain is used to make bread that satisfies hunger. And from the fruits of the earth make wine and beer that quench thirst. And the grain is growing everywhere! It's everywhere!” 
Lahar objected to her:
“Sister, from the wool of the sheep that I control, people make threads from which they weave fabric and sew clothes. They save from the cold. And also sheep give meat to satisfy hunger and milk to quench thirst!” 
“All your goats and rams, will end their lives at my feast!” Ashnan objected to her. “It depends only on my fruits and plants how they will be placed on the table! And the farmers who grow grain are driving cattle from the meadows!” 
“People beat your grain in a mortar, make flour!” Lahar was indignant. “They make dough from it, roll it out and put it in the oven! Grain is also for eating! Why then would the cattle be worse? Why are you better than me?” 
Ashnan began to take offense at this and further argue. Their dispute was completely deadlocked. And then Enki said to Enlil:
“May Lahar and Ashnan be together. Three parts of silver will strengthen their union, may it not be interrupted. But two parts are still due to the grain: for only bread can be satisfied, and wine gladdens the heart. They are more important to life than milk and wool. Therefore, Ashnan, who feeds people and deities, should take the first place, and her sister Lahar should honor her and recognize her seniority.” 
So the dispute between Lahar and Ashnan was resolved. 
***
The beautiful goddess Inanna, daughter of the moon god Nanna, lived in the heavenly palaces. And when she descended to the ground, the soil was covered with greenery and flowers.
And there was no equal to the goddess in beauty, therefore, the divine shepherd Dumuzid and the divine farmer Enkimdu loved her at the same time. They both wooed the goddess, but she hesitated and delayed the answer. While her brother, the sun god Utu, persuaded his sister to pay attention to the meek Dumuzid.
“Sister, let Dumuzid become your husband!” said the sun god. “He has wonderful herds that give milk! What else do you need?” 
“I will not become the wife of a shepherd!” the goddess, who liked Enkimdu more, disagreed. “I want to become the wife of a farmer who grows abundant grasses and grains!” 
Utu tried to compliment his sister on the advantages of a shepherd over a farmer, but Inanna did not agree. Enkimdu was more to her liking.
Then the rejected Dumuzid appeared to Inanna and in a passionate speech told her his advantages over a rival farmer. The goddess was impressed by his words.
And she invited the shepherd the next day to her mother's house, Ningal, in order to obtain consent to the marriage. The happy bridegroom went out for a walk along the river bank and suddenly met his rival Enkimdu. Determined and worried, Dumuzid was ready to fight him, but the good-natured Enkimdu replied that if Inanna chose the shepherd, so be it. This is Inanna's right, and he will not interfere. Instead, he offered Dumuzid friendship, which he happily accepted... 
***
In ancient times, the goddess Inanna decided to glorify and bless the city of the people of Uruk. She learned that the Lord of the universe, Enki, keeps the tables of wisdom and fate ‘me’. Therefore, she decided to get them and deliver them to Uruk...
And so, Inanna dressed up in the best clothes and became so beautiful that she illuminated everything around her with her beauty. And she set off.
Enki, seeing her from afar, summoned the servant of Isimud and addressed him:
“Come close, Isimud! Hear my words! A young girl comes here, all alone. Set the table with bowls of cold water, beer and flatbread. Then let her in here.” 
The servant obeyed the order, and Enki and Inanna sat down at the table together. The guest tasted the flatbread and washed it down with water. And Enki drank one by one the jars of beer. Inanna waited for him to get drunk. And when this happened, she asked him for the ‘me’ tables.
“Of course!” answered intoxicated Enki and gave Inanna all one hundred ‘me’ tablets.
The goddess waited until Enki fell asleep, took ‘me’ on the heavenly boat and flew to Uruk, dear to her heart. Enki awakened after a while and found that ‘me’ was not in their usual place...
Remembering nothing about what had happened, he called Isimud to him, who told him everything. So Enki learned to his horror that he himself had personally given the ‘me’ to Inanna.
“Oh, Isimud!” exclaimed the deity. “Hear me! Together with seven sea monsters go in pursuit of Inanna and take from her her heavenly boat and what is in it! Let the deceiver Inanna herself go to Uruk on foot!” 
Isimud and seven sea monsters caught up with the goddess. Isimud ordered to leave the heavenly boat to the goddess. Inanna, in response, began to complain that Enki had broken his word, and began to call the deities as witnesses. But Isimud did not want to listen to her and ordered the monsters to throw the goddess off the boat.
And then, in great offense, Inanna called her servant. He appeared and drove away the monsters, who seven times tried to take away from the goddess her heavenly boat. And after that, Inanna continued on her way to Uruk. She reached the city safely. And all its inhabitants came out to meet the goddess...
***
Once the goddess Inanna descended from the great Heavens and even left the Earth, descending into the Underworld. She left seven of her temples in seven cities, seven of her powers and took seven of her secrets from mortals.
There was a crown on the goddess, and a ribbon was tied on her forehead. Around her neck was a lapis lazuli necklace, a double gold pendant, gold bracelets on her arms. On her chest she had a net ‘To me, men, to me’, and on her hips there were bandages ‘Robe of the Lady.’
Next to the goddess was the herald of her desires. Inanna said, and he listened to her orders:
“Listen to me carefully, Ninshubur[25]. As soon as I hide and disappear from sight, cry pitifully at the burial mounds. In my honor, scratch your cheeks and body with blood, and tear your mouth with your nails. Beat the drums in front of the people and the Anunnaki. Tear your clothes to shreds and walk around the dwellings of great deities like a beggar. First, go to Enlil, and, kneeling before him, say: ‘Oh, Lord! Don’t let Inanna die in the terrible Underworld!” And if he doesn't listen, then do not waste your time and hurry to the wise Nanna, the Lord of all knowledge. Do not be lazy to him to repeat the same thing that you said to Enlil! If he is silent, then go to Enki, and repeat the same request to him! Enki knows both the waters of birth and the herbs of immortality! And now let's say goodbye: my path goes to the left, and yours to the right!” 
And so Inanna went to the mountain of lapis lazuli. On the mountain there were gates closed by seven bolts; she could not go further.
Then the goddess cried:
“Open the gates!” 
A gatekeeper named Neti asked her:
“Who are you? Why are you screaming like that?” 
Inanna answers him:
“Open quickly, I am Inanna, I stand in front of you.” 
“Inanna, why did you come to the Land of Sunset? To a place full of screams, groans and suffering?” 
“Gatekeeper Neti, I need to see my sister, the goddess Ereshkigal,” the goddess said in reply.
“Good, Inanna. Then take off your crown,” Neti told her.
“Why should I take off the crown?” 
“The Underworld has its own laws...” 
The goddess took off the crown, and one bolt became less. But the gatekeeper expects a new sacrifice from her and says:
“Now, you have to give the ribbon from your forehead.” 
Inanna obeyed. It became one more bolt less... To open the rest of the bolts, the goddess had to give her remaining things: the double gold pendant, gold bracelets, the net from the chest and the bandage from the hips.
“You can go now!” The gatekeeper told her.
And the naked goddess entered the underground cave. There she bowed before the throne of her sister Ereshkigal, Ruler of the Underworld. Seven judges of the Underworld, seven Anunnaki, obedient to the word of Ereshkigal, sat next to her on chairs.
And the soul of Inanna left the body from the icy gaze of her sister Ereshkigal. And the corpse of the goddess was hung on a hook next to the corpses of mortals...
Meanwhile, Ninshubur, the herald of Inanna's desires, did everything as the goddess told him. He burst into plaintive crying on the burial mounds, in her honor he scratched his cheeks and body, and tore his mouth with nails. He began to beat drums in front of the people and Anunnaki, tore his clothes to shreds and, like a beggar, began to bypass the dwellings of the great deities in Heaven. He first appeared to Enlil, fell on his knees before him and said:
“Oh, Lord! Don't let Inanna die in the terrible Underworld!” 
But Enlil did not heed the words of Ninshubur. And then the herald of the goddess hurried to the wise Nanna, and spoke in the same way as the goddess taught him. But Nanna did not heed his words either. And then Ninshubur went to Enki. And only Enki heeded his words and responded to the request...
He scraped the dirt out of his unpainted nails. And he made a creature out of this dirt. From other nails, covered with paint, he scraped out the dirt, and created another creature out of it. Enki placed these creatures in the palm of his hand, gave them instructions on how to behave in the Underworld. And he said to them:
“Fly! And don't come back without Inanna!” 
And the creatures flew on flies' wings, glorifying the one who pulled them out of the mud. They flew to the gate to the Underworld. Neti, the gatekeeper, did not notice them. And they entered the Underworld...
They did not find Ereshkigal on the throne: she gave birth in agony. Enki's creatures heard her groans and flew towards them. The Lady of the Underworld spoke not with her husband Nergal, the god of destructive forces, death and war, but with her womb. The goddess said:
“How long will you torment me with pain, my womb?” 
And then the creatures of Enki said to her:
“Oh, Ereshkigal, we can help you.” 
“If you two can, then banish the pain from my womb!” 
“Of course, Goddess! We will do it! And let's not take much for this job! Only a corpse on a hook...” 
“Take it, dung flies! Just spare me the pain!” exclaimed Ereshkigal.
And then Enki's creatures tensed and lifted Inanna's body from the hook. As Enki ordered them, they washed the body of the goddess with living water and touched the living grass that Enki had given them.
The goddess breathed again, got up and walked to the gate. She wanted to leave the Underworld, as the local Anunnaki caught up with her. And they said:
“Take your time, Inanna. If you want to leave this world, then you need to leave a ransom: soul for soul. The demons of death will be your retinue, and you will tell them the name of your replacement.” 
Inanna came out of the Underworld, followed by the demons of death...
The first to see Inanna was the herald of her desires, Ninshubur. His cheeks were covered with scars and cuts, his body in rags. Seeing the Lady alive, he knelt before her. And then the demons of death ran up with the words:
“We'll take him, and you can safely return to the city. We will leave you alone.” 
“No,” the goddess said emphatically, “you will not take him. For it was he who helped me open the path from the Underworld back to life.” 
The demons retreated from Ninshubur, and asked:
“Then who should we get? Tell us!” 
Inanna went to the glorious city of Ur and met the god Shara, revered there. He fell on his knees before the goddess.
And then the demons of death ran up with the words:
“Inanna, we will take him, and you return calmly to the city. We will leave you alone.” 
“No,” the goddess objected firmly, “you will not take him. For he knows many songs. Once he cut my nails and combed my curls, singing songs.” 
The demons stepped back from Shara, and asked:
“Then who should we get? Tell us!” 
And then Inanna went to the city of Kulab[26]. Her husband Dumuzid lived there. Before the goddess descended into the Underworld, he was her humble lover. But when Inanna left, Dumuzid placed a crown on his head and sat on the throne.
Seeing Dumuzid on the throne, the goddess screamed in anger, addressing the demons of death:
“Take him away! I don’t need him like that!” 
So Dumuzid replaced Inanna in the Underworld. 
***
There lived in the city of Nippur a son of Enlil named Ninurta. He had a sentient talking weapon with a terrifying brilliance, Sharur.
One day, Sharur said to Ninurta:
“My Lord, an evil demon named Asag dwells in the mountains. He is the offspring of the Kuru, a country that knows no return. Let's fly to the mountains and fight him!” 
And Ninurta flew into the mountains in order to fight Asag. But seeing demon's strength, he flew away, although he was not a coward. Sharur did not leave Ninurta, but remained by his side. And again Ninurta flew into the mountains to fight against Asag. They fought, lightning flashed, and the earth trembled. And in the end, Ninurta crushed Asag.
And then Kuru, the country that knows no return, decided to take revenge on Nippur. And the waters of death hit Nippur, the city of Ninurta. Famine fell on the country, the poisonous waters of death flowed through the channels. And after them came the enemies who took people into slavery.
And then the cunning Ninurta came to the aid of people. He brought stones, from which he erected a wall that blocked the path of the waters of death. And he sent life-giving waters into Nippur. And water poured into the fields, and grain grew on them, and the famine in the city ceased.
And the grief left the country. The celestial deities rejoiced at receiving earthly gifts. And Ninmah, who gave birth to people, admired Ninurta and visited him. And Ninurta turned to her:
“Glory to you, my Lady, that for my sake you dared to penetrate these lands without fear of battle. And the hill on which I am standing will become your mountain, and you will be its Queen.” 
***
A man named Adapa lived in the city of Eridu in ancient times. He fishing every day, going fishing in any weather. His fish was eaten by all the inhabitants of the city: both men and women, and children, and the elderly, and the servants of the temple of Enki.
And so, one morning, Adapa, as always, went to sea. The sea was calm and the fishing was going as well as never before. And each time, pulling out a large fish, Adapa respectfully called its by name and persuaded its to accept its fate.
He said to one of the fish:
“Forgive me for pulling you out of the water. But you have to lie down next to the other fish, which are already almost silent. And in the near future, to satisfy people's hunger...” 
So Adapa fished until noon, when his boat was filled with catch. And so, he began to turn off the fishing rod, when suddenly the South Wind appeared. With one breath he turned Adapa's boat along with all the catch... 
Throughout his life, Adapa was a quiet and gentle person, but he did not forgive the offenders. And the man, without thinking twice, grabbed the wing of the Wind, the boat tilted — all the fish fell into the sea. From the weight of his body, the Wind's wing broke and sagged lifelessly. The South Wind gave a groan and flew awkwardly to his dwelling at the end of the Earth. 
The sea calmed down, and Adapa swam to the shore... This time he did not have a catch, therefore, in Eridu, no one ate fish that day. And at once this became known to Enki, whom Adapa revered as like a father.
“What happened and where is your catch, my son?” asked Enki, going out to meet the fisherman. “And what about your boat?” 
“The boat was sunk by the South Wind, and I broke his wing,” Adapa admitted honestly. 
Enki was horrified and clutched his head. He said:
“What have you done, Adapa? Anu will not forgive you!” 
At this time, the god Anu, moving across the sky, was just examining his possessions. And he saw that the sea was motionless. And he called his servant and ordered him:
“Come down to the Earth. And find out why the sea has become motionless. Has something happened to the South Wind? Was he sick? Or is he tired of blowing and flying?” 
The servant did everything as the master ordered him, returned and said:
“Wise father of deities! The South Wind now lies in bed and groans! For the fisherman named Adapa broke his wing!” 
“What a daring mortal! How dare he?” Anu was furious. “Let him appear before me for judgment!” 
Enki heard this and spoke to his son. And he said to him:
“Go, Adapa! Anu is angry, and I can only help you with advice! Rub your hair, dust it, and put on black robes. If you confess, then perhaps the formidable heart of the Lord of the deities will soften... And when you enter the heavenly gates, be polite to their guards Dumuzid (who was freed by that time from the Underworld) and Geshtinanna[27]. Although they are servants, they can put in a word for you. And remember: if you are offered a treat, do not eat or drink anything. And reject other gifts too. 
Adapa thanked Enki and set off. He reached the place, and the guards of the heavenly gates ask him:
“Why did you appear in Haven in clothes that correspond to death and the Underworld?” 
Adapa answered them, with downcast eyes:
“Because on Earth two deities have disappeared from us: Dumuzid and Geshtinanna. So I wear mourning for them.” 
The guards looked at each other, and Adapa realized that his deception had succeeded. And the servants, meanwhile, ran forward in order to announce to the master about the arrival of Adapa. And they said:
“The man stands at the gate! His name is Adapa, and he is piety itself!” 
Anu softened a little and ordered:
“Pass he through!” 
And Adapa appeared before the heavenly throne. Anu asked him what had happened, and the fisherman told him everything.
“So the South Wind was the first to quarrel...” Anu said when Adapa told him his story. “If so, this matter changes... What are you standing? Lie down and sleep after the road!
Adapa remembered what Enki had said to him: “Sleep is like death,” and bowing down, replied:
“I have no time for sleep!” 
“Then sit down.” 
“Should I sit in the presence of Anu himself?” 
The Lord of Heaven liked Adapa, and he offered him water and food of life. But the fisherman refused, fearing that he would be given poison.
Anu was surprised and asked:
“Who is your advisor?” 
“My father Enki gave me instructions...” 
“His wisdom is not good for you,” Anu said scornfully. “As you were the fisherman, you will remain one. You did not keep eternal life; it swam away from you. Your descendants will also be mortal.” 
Then, Anu called the guards, and ordered them to return Adapa to the Earth. 
***
In those days, the city of Uruk was ruled by King Enmerkar[28]. And his commander Lugalbanda (the illegitimate son of the god Utu) helped him in this. In the center of Uruk there was a sacred place E-anna and a ziggurat[29] decorated with gold towered on it, in which the goddess Inanna herself lived.
And King Enmerkar set out to conquer the country of Aratta[30]. But for this it was necessary to pass the mountains. The mountains are terrible even for those who were born there. And for those who were born between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers, they are even worse. And the spirits of these mountains, protecting the country of Aratta, sent a disease to Lugalbanda, who advanced to the country of Aratta on a campaign. The spirits were sure that this would stop Lugalbanda.
But he, realizing that he could not go further, did not detain the troops. He summoned King Enmerkar, and asked permission to remain alone, assuring that he would catch up with the warriors even before they reached Aratta. Enmerkar knew that man simply did not promise anything, so he ordered the army to continue on the way.
The soldiers left, and Lugalbanda was left alone. He raised his eyes to the sky and thought: “Should the sun god Utu see that I was overcome by the evil deities of the local mountains? And he should help me...” 
But Utu didn't see it. He continued his way to the Kingdom of the Night.
And suddenly, the sound of wings was heard. Lugalbanda looked up, he saw a huge lion-headed bird above him, which overshadowed the radiance of the sun. Lugalbanda heard about this bird back in city of Uruk, and knew that her name was Anzud.
People said that Anzud had once stolen the signs of power and tables of the law from the sleeping Enlil, and flew away to the mountains. Upon awakening, Enlil discovered the loss and immediately understood who did it. Only the son of Enlil, Ninurta was able to catch Anzud from the third time and took the tablets of Enlil from her.
... And now Anzud, not noticing Lugalbanda, flew to the tree visible from afar.
Lugalbanda soon fell asleep, and in a dream his father, the god Utu, appeared to him. Utu explained that he had come to heal Lugalbanda. He anointed the patient's lips with something, and Lugalbanda woke up completely healthy.
But during the night the army went very far, therefore Lugalbanda understood that he simply could not catch up with the King. He decided to turn to Anzud for help. On the way to the Anzud nest, which is on a high tree, Lugalbanda saw a juniper grove. Knowing that this plant was pleasing to the deities, he plucked a few branches and put them in his back bag. 
Lugalbanda reached a giant tree and waited for Anzud to leave her nest. Lugalbanda climbed up and saw the still blind and squeaking chick of Anzud. He opened his beak and was hungry. Lugalbanda took a few chunks of fat from the bag and gave them to the chick. He tinted chick's eyes with antimony and made him a juniper wreath. And when the sound of the wings of the Anzud bird was heard, Lugalbanda hurried to leave her nest and hid in the branches.
Anzud approached the nest, and sees that her chick is sitting well-fed and contented. His eyes are tinted and he has the wreath on him. Anzud realized that someone was in her nest and shouted:
“Whoever it is, appear! I will reward you!” 
Lugalbanda came out and bowed to Anzud. The bird began to offer him riches and magic weapons. But the man replied that he would get a lot of silver in Aratta and defeat the enemies. And then the bird asked him:
“Then what do you want? Make any wish, and I will fulfill it!” 
“I ask you one thing: make me tireless in running,” asked Lugalbanda.
“Let it be so!” answered the bird. “Just do not reveal the secrets of my home to anyone and do not boast about the gift you received from me!” 
And so, the bird flies in the sky, and Lugalbanda runs along the ground, keeping up with her in speed. And Anzud shows him the way. Lugalbanda caught up with his army, and went with them to Aratta. The city is already visible, but the spirits are blocking the way. None of the warriors of Uruk can move on.
Then Enmerkar turned to the army, asking: who can return to Uruk and take the message to the goddess Inanna? After all, for this need to go through the mountains again! Lugalbanda volunteered. And Enmerkar asked him to ask the goddess, who is revered in Uruk, how to overcome evil spirits. 
And so, Lugalbanda ran along the ground, and Anzud flew in the sky, showing him the way. Lugalbanda reached Uruk and then the golden ziggurat. He knelt before the throne of the goddess Inanna, and told her everything. And Inanna answered him:
“I will help you. But I will ask you in return to get me a two-legged fish, which is found in the Euphrates. It lives in reeds, wags its tail, glitters with scales. And tamarisks grow on the same bank. Find a tamarisk, make a vat out of it, and then weave a fishing net from the reeds and catch that fish. Sacrifice its to me.” 
Lugalbanda did everything as Inanna taught him. He sacrificed the two-legged fish to her. And he was able to get a victory over Aratta for Uruk. Later, after Enmerkar, Lugalbanda became the Ruler of Uruk and married the goddess Ninsun, the patroness of shepherds and flocks.
***
After Lugalbanda, his son from the goddess Ninsun, Gilgamesh, ruled the city of Uruk. He was, like his father, half god. The goddess Aruru endowed him with unprecedented power. He had no equal among mortals, and did not know where to apply his power. Day and night he raged.
The people of Uruk could no longer endure their Ruler and prayed to the great goddess Aruru:
“Oh, the goddess who gave him immense strength, create the one who would be equal to him in strength! Let Gilgamesh compete with him in strength, and we will taste the peace!” 
The goddess Aruru heeded the request of people. She took a lump of clay, threw it into the steppe, and created Enkidu from the clay. His body was covered with hair. He grazed with gazelles in the steppes and crowded with other animals at the watering hole. He protected animals from hunters.
Once, a young hunter saw him at the watering hole. Hunter got scared and on his return home told his father everything.
The father listened to his son and said:
“Listen, son... You can't handle this man. Go to Uruk, to Gilgamesh, tell him everything. He can defeat the monster from the steppe.” 
The hunter did as his father told him: he told Gilgamesh about everything. The King listened to him, thought. And so, he decided to go to the temple of Inanna, to whose will people and animals are submissive.
Sacred prostitutes came out to meet the King. They served as priestesses in the temple and met with those who seek Inanna's mercy. Gilgamesh chose the most beautiful sacred prostitute named Shamhat and said to her:
“Leave the temple and go to the steppe, where my rival has recently appeared. And the art that you own, attract him, let him follow you” 
Shamhat went to the steppe. She met Enkidu there and seduced him. Enkidu could not resist her. And after that all the animals turned away from him. And Shamhat began to teach him human life: drink wine, eat bread and wear clothes.
Enkidu learned human life and came with Shamhat to Uruk, appeared before Gilgamesh. A battle began between them. They fought for a long time, not yielding to each other in strength. Their feet were knee-deep into the ground. 
It became difficult for them to fight, and then the King was the first to say:
“That we are stubborn like rams? I thought before that I could defeat anyone. But we turned out to be equal. You have enlightened me with your strength. Why do we have a quarrel?” 
After this Enkidu and Gilgamesh became friends and brothers.
As time went on, Enkidu began to get bored. Gilgamesh asked him: why is his friend sad? And Enkidu answered him:
“I sit idle; my strength is wasted.” 
And then the King suggested to him:
“I heard that the fierce monster Humbaba lives in the cedar forest. If we destroy it, then we will drive out evil and chop the cedar trees!” 
And the friends decided to go to the cedar forest of Humbaba. The people of Uruk, learning what the King was planning, left their homes. Elders walked in front of all. And when the King and Enkidu left the palace and announced their intention to defeat Humbaba, the elders began to dissuade them. For the monster from the cedar forest is powerful and the fight with him is unequal.
But Gilgamesh objected to them that together with Enkidu he would certainly defeat the monster. Then the elders blessed the brothers, and they went to the sanctuary of Egalmah, to the goddess Ninsun, the mother of the King. She offered a prayer to the sun god Utu and blessed her son and his friend.
And Gilgamesh and Enkidu set out on their journey. They got to the cedar forest where Humbaba lived. And now, the monster is coming to them: his mighty body is dressed in seven magic robes that radiate death... 
Suddenly a storm started. Utu, noticing the danger, released eight winds, and thunders rumbled, lightning flared. Lightning struck the metal monster. And then Humbaba spun like a splinter. A heartbreaking cry and pleas for mercy escaped from his mouth. But Enkidu said:
“Don't listen to Humbaba. This is the monster worthy of destruction! But first, we need to neutralize his robes that radiate death. Humbaba is not scary without them!” 
And Enkidu and Gilgamesh began to fight Humbaba. They defeated the monster, Gilgamesh tore off his first robe and threw its into a pit of water. The water in the pit began to boil, and hot steam began to flow. Enkidu threw a net over the other six robes, which crawled like snakes on the grass, and threw them into the pit too...
Then Gilgamesh chopped the cedars, although Enkidu persuaded him not to chop them, and they went to rest. The brothers washed themselves and put on clean clothes. And they already intended to return to Uruk...
Meanwhile, the goddess Inanna left her golden ziggurat and watched Gilgamesh from heaven. And he delighted her with his strength and courage. And the goddess desired him. She descended from her chariot from heaven. She began to offer Gilgamesh to become her husband. But he refused to marry her, knowing that the goddess' previous beloveds ended badly. And he listed them all...
Hearing his refusal, the goddess was angry. She soared straight into the sky and appeared before the throne of the heavenly father Anu. 
“Oh, Anu!” said the goddess. “Gilgamesh has insulted me! He listed all my past misdeeds! Let him be punished! Make a Bull to trample he! For if mortals insult us, their gifts will become scarce! Therefore, you must help in my revenge! And if you don’t wish, then I will descend into the Underworld and release the dead from there, so that they devour all the living!” 
“I agree with you,” Anu said in dismay. “Well, there will be a Bull for you, but only leave the dead in the Underworld! They shouldn't be with the living!” 
And the Lord of Heaven created a mighty Bull. And the goddess drove its to the Earth, to the city she hated. Having reached the ground, the Bull drank the water from the Euphrates in seven gulps and entered Uruk. From his breath a hole arose, and a hundred men fell into it. From the second breath, another hole arose, and two hundred inhabitants of the city died in it. 
Returning from the cedar forest, Gilgamesh and Enkidu heard a noise. They went to meet the Bull. They began to fight with its. And the Bull fell to the ground lifeless. The King cut the Bull's chest with a dagger and pulled out its huge heart.
And Inanna, climbing the wall of Uruk, shouted:
“Woe to you, Gilgamesh! You disgraced me by killing the Bull!” 
Enkidu, hearing her speech, tore the tail off the Bull and threw it right in the face of the goddess, saying:
“If you were closer, I would have dealt with you too! I would wrap your neck with the guts of the Bull you set on Uruk!” 
The goddess sobbed and called the sacred prostitutes from her temple in order to mourn the Bull. And Gilgamesh held a feast in the palace in honor of the victory.
At night he had an unusual dream, and he told Enkidu about it:
“I dreamed of a heavenly palace. There the immortal deities gathered for a council. The conversation was led by Anu, Enlil and Utu. Anu said to Enlil: ‘Why did they kill the Bull that we created? But not only this is their sin, for they stole the cedars that were guarded by Humbaba! They are worthy of death, let them pay with their lives!’ But Enlil objected to him: ‘No, let Enkidu die alone! And Gilgamesh is worthy of forgiveness!” Then Utu intervened in the conversation: ‘Why should he be punished? Was it not by your decision that the Bull and Humbaba were destroyed?’ Enlil got angry and said: ‘Be quiet, for I know that you are their advisor!’ Such is the dream.” 
Hearing this story, Enkidu turned pale. He became sad: from what should he die? After all, it was not he who chopped the cedars, and he persuaded the King not to touch them. Gilgamesh began to reassure his friend that he would bring gifts to the deities and ask them to save Enkidu's life.
But then Utu's voice came from the sky:
“The decision of the deities will not be canceled! This is the fate of people — to leave the world without a trace!” 
Then Enkidu began to curse Shamhat, which led him to people, and at the same time to his imminent death. But Utu objected to Enkidu that he was wrong, cursing Shamhat, therefore sun god removes the curse. After all, it was she who, having taught Enkidu human life, opened before him its joys.
Before long, Enkidu fell ill and passed away. Gilgamesh mourned his friend and buried him with all the honors. He realized that he was mortal, and death would overtake all humans. And he went into the desert. And he walked there until the mountains appeared, which were the border of the world. There was a cave in the mountain, locked by a brass door. It was guarded by guards with the bodies of scorpions and the heads of people, for behind its lay the entrance to the Underworld.
“Open the door for me,” Gilgamesh said. “I want to see the friend, even if he became dust.” 
The guards opened the door, and Gilgamesh went into a dark cave. He walked for a long time in the darkness, when suddenly he came out to a wonderful grove with trees from which wonderful fruits hung. Only these were not simple trees, but stone ones: their trunks were made of black stone, leaves were made of lapis lazuli, and the fruits were made of topaz, jasper, rubies and carnelians. This garden was made for the dead, to remind souls of the world of the living.
Leaving the grove, Gilgamesh saw the great lower abyss, above it a cliff, and on it a house with a closed door. Siduri lived there — the hostess who received the deities and treated them with wine. She saw Gilgamesh, who looked like a vagabond, was frightened and closed all the doors.
In the meantime, he approached Siduri's house and began to ask: why did she lock herself? The hostess asks him: who is he and where is he going? Gilgamesh told her who he was and where he was from, how he and Enkidu killed Humbaba, and how they together killed the Heavenly Bull.
Siduri opened the door and went outside. She began to ask Gilgamesh why his face was so gloomy? He answered her that he was haunted by thoughts of a dead friend.
And Siduri said in response:
“I don’t know what you are looking for. What are you aiming for? After all, the deities created people as mortals! Leave sad thoughts and have fun! Let me fill your cup with wine!” 
“I'm not looking for your advice and I don’t need wine! Tell me better, how can I cross this abyss?” answered the King.
The goddess spoke:
“There is no crossing here. Only the ferryman Urshanabi, who transports the dead, is sailing in a boat. He knows the way to Utnapishtim, the only mortal who has kept his life for centuries.” 
Gilgamesh said goodbye to the goddess, went to the river, like an abyss, and there he saw a man in a ferry. This was Urshanabi.
He said to Gilgamesh:
“Why are you wandering here? Lagged behind the dead? Sit down and I will take you to the Kingdom of the Dead.” 
“I have not lagged behind the dead and am still alive,” was the answer.
Urshanabi looked closely and wondered: indeed, there is a living person in front of him!
“What are you doing here?” he asked again.
Gilgamesh answered him that he wanted to find Utnapishtim and comprehend the secret of immortality. Urshanabi answered him:
“Sit down! I'll take you to Utnapishtim! Take the pole and help, but don't touch the water with your hands if you want to get to the place.” 
Gilgamesh reached the island where Utnapishtim lived. Utnapishtim asked him: why did he come? The King told about who he was and where he came from, about Enkidu, and that he wanted to find immortality.
Utnapishtim listened to him and said:
“Why don't you come to terms with human destiny?” 
“Why did you become immortal? Why are you better than me? How did you achieve eternal life?” 
“Well, I’ll reveal my secret,” Utnapishtim replied. “I once lived near the Euphrates River, in the city of Shuruppak. And one day the deities decided to exterminate all living on Earth. They argued for a long time how to do this, and in the end they decided to make a flood. They vowed to be silent about it. Only Enki broke his word, for I was kind to his heart, and he warned me. And I built a ship that looked like a box. I closed up all the cracks in it, filled them with resin. I went into it with my family, took the animals and provisions... And so, the flood began. For six days and seven nights, my ship sailed on the sea. And then the sea calmed down... I looked out the window: the sun was shining, but water was everywhere. And I realized: humanity has turned into clay. When the water became less and dry land appeared, I returned to the ground and offered prayers to the deities. Only Enlil was unhappy that people were still alive. But my patron Enki reproached him, saying that it was in vain that Enlil had caused the flood. After all, if there were too many people, he could have set lions or diseases on them! And Enki asked Enlil to show me and my wife a place where we could live without knowing death. And Enlil said to me: “Utnapishtim, now you and your wife are like immortal deities. In the distance, at the mouth of streams, henceforth your dwelling place. There, and death will not find you.” 
Suddenly Gilgamesh fell asleep and did not hear the end of the story. So Gilgamesh slept for seven days. And when he woke up, Utnapishtim ordered him to wash by the stream, change clothes and sit in the ferry to Urshanabi in order to return back. Utnapishtim scolded Urshanabi for bringing the mortal. And along the way, Utnapishtim gave the ferryman a task: to bring Gilgamesh home.
When the King had already boarded the ferry, Utnapishtim revealed to him one secret at parting:
“There is a flower with fiery petals and thorns at the bottom of the bottomless river. If you get it, you will be forever young.” 
Hearing this, Gilgamesh immediately rushed to the bottom for a flower. He took out the flower, went up to dry land and said to Urshanabi:
“Here it is, the famous flower! I will bring it to Uruk and test it on people! If the old man grows younger, then I will taste it!” 
Gilgamesh and Urshanabi left the Kingdom of the Dead. They wandered through the desert. They sat down by the lake. Gilgamesh plunged into the water, and when he got up, he saw a snake. It carried away the flower, changing skin.
Gilgamesh burst into tears, and he says to Urshanabi:
“For what have I tried and worked? I cannot find Enkidu now! I'm returning to Uruk with nothing!” 
And he returned to Uruk, where he invited Urshanabi to walk along the walls of the city, which were erected by him. Gilgamesh showed the guest the city and expressed the hope that the descendants would remember his deeds.
***
Archaeological excavations in Uruk have been going on for over a year. However, the golden sanctuary of Inanna, according to the Loftus expedition, has not yet been discovered by archaeologists. On more careful excavations, Adamson became convinced that Loftus had once found one of the temples located on the territory of E-anna. And it clearly had nothing to do with the golden sanctuary of the goddess.
Archaeologists actively excavated the temple of the god Anu, which had the shape of a ziggurat. Many sacred objects were found in it, including a sacred stone — the altar on which sacrifices were made to the great deity. The offerings were different: fruits, varied foods, sheep, goats, calves. The priests received them on certain days, saying a special prayer.[31]
In addition to fragments of the interior decoration of the temple, archaeologists have discovered cuneiform tablets with hymns dedicated not only to the god Anu, but also to other ancient Sumerian deities, ceremonies and prayers for the death of rulers, priests, priestesses and noble officials of Uruk, as well as numerous household records.
The finds fully met the expectations of the British Museum and paid for its financial expenses allocated for the expedition. However, Mr. Adamson did not intend to complete the excavation after the success achieved.
In London, in preparation for the expedition, William became friends with George Smith. It was Smith who actively supported Mr. Adamson in negotiations with the management of the British Museum. Mr. Smith was respected by his colleagues and they listened to his opinion.
George Smith's story as an Assyriologist began many years ago. Back in 1840, the English archaeologist Austin Henry Layard discovered the ancient city of Nineveh during excavations. Nineveh was considered the capital of the ancient Assyrian state, located on the territory of Iraq around the 8th-7th centuries BC. During the excavations, the cuneiform library of King Ashurbanipal was found.
King Ashurbanipal was an educated man. He wrote excellently in cuneiform and was able to read in Sumerian and Akkadian languages. Therefore, he collected a huge library (by the way, well preserved), consisting of more than twenty-five thousand tablets. And they all ended up in the British Museum.
Meanwhile, the talented self-taught George Smith worked as an assistant to the Egyptian-Assyrian branch at the museum. It was he who began to decipher the tablets, using the well-developed and proven methods of recognized historians and archaeologists. George Smith studied the Ashurbanipal tablets for many years.
By that time, Smith knew much better in cuneiform than his eminent colleagues in the museum. This was noticed by the famous Assyriologist Sir Henry Rawlinson, who also took part in the expedition to Nineveh. With his assistance, Smith became head of the Assyriology Department at the British Museum.
In the tablets from the Ashurbanipal library, Smith discovered fragments of the legends about Gilgamesh, King of the city of Uruk, and translated them. And when, at one of the meetings of the museum management, he found out that a certain William Adamson, who wrote a number of pseudoscientific (as the management believed) articles on Assyriology and the author of the book ‘Sumerian Myths’ intends to go on an expedition to Uruk, immediately spoke out in support of such a risky venture. And after a while he convinced Henry Rawlinson himself of the expediency of the expedition.
By the way, when writing the book on Sumerian myths, William Adamson used Smith's publications along with other scholars, which he mentioned in his book. 
***
... One of the sultry days, George Smith was completely exhausted and decided to lie down in the shade of a stunted tree growing next to the ruins of the Anu temple. He settled down on the warm ground, leaned his back against the crooked trunk and felt that the soil was sinking under he. The experienced archaeologist immediately realized that there could be an empty cavity under the tree. Probably, the nearby excavations have removed the upper layers of the soil near the tree.
‘Armed’ with the proper tools, he immediately began excavating. It soon became clear: under the tree is not just an empty cavity, it grew on a corridor with stone walls hidden in the ground.
After consulting with William, Smith recalled several people from the excavations of the Temple of Anu and occupied the corridor, confident that it would lead them either to a tomb or to an underground sanctuary.
George Smith's assumptions turned out to be correct. After a while, the corridor led the archaeologists to an underground tomb. In the tomb, the remains of an ancient warrior lay on a stone bed. He was dressed in well-preserved fragments of a cloak embroidered with gold threads and an almost decayed cotton shirt. On the neck and wrists of the remains were delicate gold jewelry, untouched by time. And on the skull there is a massive gold crown with precious stones. Many slaves and horses rested around the bed, accompanying the master in his afterlife. There were also various household items, according to the idea of the ancient Sumerians, necessary in another world: dishes, weapons, clothing, horse harness, a chariot. 
Such a find seemed to be a huge success, rather than previously found sacred objects. Smith and Adamson had no doubts about the success of the expedition from the very beginning. The assistants carefully sketched the found items and began to describe them in detail. William also took a number of photographs of the burial.
At the feet of the warrior was a clay tablet with cuneiform writing. Having deciphered it, William Adamson and George Smith realized that the tomb of a man named Bilgamesh had been discovered. Then the tablet briefly described the deeds of Bilgamesh. Having translated the cuneiform script, the Assyriologists had no doubt that Bilgamesh was one of the spelling variants of the name of Gilgamesh. This means that he was not only a real historical person (which is also confirmed by tablets from the Ashurbanipal library), but also a well-known ruler at one time.
For several months, archaeologists carefully examined the tomb. And they found three hundred and eighty-three perfectly preserved clay tablets. Specialists from the British Museum were delighted, especially George Smith. The tablets contained legends about King Gilgamesh and the history of Uruk. Smith was jubilant! Now he will be able to complete the work on the tales of Gilgamesh.
Archaeologists have carefully sketched, photographed and described the tomb and its contents. All the finds were carefully packed for shipment to the British Museum. However, according to the agreement concluded between the management of the Museum and Mr. Adamson, he had the right to leave part of the finds for his private collection. However, he had to coordinate this very scrupulous moment with the management of the Museum upon his return to London. At that time, Adamson did not have a collection, and he decided to fill this gap. 
Gilgamesh, according to the tablets, ruled Uruk for one hundred and twenty years. His deeds were sung by descendants in various legends, including in the Sumerian language. Gilgamesh gained fame as a Ruler, an adventurer and immortal seeker, a brave warrior.
Uruk used to maintain friendly relations with the neighboring city-state of Kish. The Ruler of Kish was called Aga. He once demanded that Uruk take part in expensive irrigation works, intending to develop the arid lands of Kish. Then the council of elders gathered in Uruk and offered to obey Aga. Gilgamesh also spoke at the meeting, for he belonged to a noble family: his father was Lugalbanda, and his mother was the goddess Ninsun. And after the death of Lugalbanda (the previous Ruler), Gilgamesh became Ensi — the Ruler.
He refused to help Kish. Motivating this by the fact that Kish is by no means asking for military assistance, but demanding, precisely demanding: to take part in his economic work. The council of elders tried to argue with the young Ensi: they say that his father, Lugalbanda, also signed an agreement with Kish. And that agreement meant not only military assistance to each other, but also economic assistance. However, Gilgamesh stood his ground: let Kish cope with its problems and fight the coming drought.
Meanwhile, the news of the young Ensi's impudent speeches reached Kish. King Aga was indignant, went with his squad to the ship and went along the Euphrates River to Uruk. However, Gilgamesh met Aga inappropriately — ordered him to get out back to Kish.
But Aga had no intention of doing that. To the insolent speeches of young Ensi, he replied with dignity:
“I did not come to Uruk to argue with you, Gilgamesh. And all the more not in order to hear insults from you. I intend to see the goddess Inanna. Let her judge us. And you dare not hinder it!” 
Gilgamesh tempered his ardor. He knew about the temper of the patroness of Uruk, and therefore Aga saw her and told her about his aspirations. Aga knelt down in front of Inanna, kissed the marble floor and said:
“For the last three years the land of Kish has been plagued by drought. Harvests have decreased, the cattle have become thinner. Another couple of such years and famine will begin in Kish. And I, as the Ruler of Kish, will not be able to pay Uruk the proper tribute. Therefore, I ask you, great goddess, help me!” 
Inanna listened attentively to Aga and asked:
“So what do you want, Ruler of Kish?” 
“I do not have enough people and funds to build irrigation facilities. They are too expensive.” 
Inanna thought about it. She understood perfectly well that hunger and discontent in Kish could cost much more than help.
“Uruk will help Kish!” she summed up.
Gilgamesh was furious. He always considered the inhabitants of Kish arrogant. For the rulers of Kish considered themselves the descendants of Jushur[32], one of the Anunnaki. However, Gilgamesh obeyed Inanna's order and sent aid to Aga. 
However, after a while old Aga died: he ruled his city for nearly sixty years. Gilgamesh, due to his origins, gained power in Kish. He annexed to his possessions such prosperous cities as: Adab, Nippur, Lagash (erected stone gates of extraordinary beauty), Umma.
Gilgamesh became a great ruler and was revered along with the deities. However, he did not forgive Inanna for his humiliation in the dispute with Aga. And therefore, he ordered to write history on clay tablets as follows:
“...The dynasty of the mighty and domineering Jushur ruled in Kish. The rulers who succeeded him were determined, unyielding and arrogant persons. One of them, Etana, in ancient times, tried, embracing the neck of an eagle, to ascend to heaven to the deities themselves. For a long time, no city dared to compete with Kish, which was ruled by such brave people as Etana.
But centuries passed, and Kish's power gradually weakened. Neighboring cities expanded and strengthened, and did not want to obey the rulers of Kish. The cities of Nippur, Sippar, Shuruppak, Eridu, Ur and Uruk were built. The last King of Kish, by the name of Aga, watched with great concern the strengthening of the southern cities. It became more and more difficult for him to maintain power over them.
Particularly dire news came from Uruk, where the brave hero Gilgamesh ruled. He was the son of the immortal goddess Ninsun and the mortal man Lugalbanda. From his mother he inherited divine wisdom and an unyielding will that does not recognize any obstacles, and from his father, alas, the sad fate of all people — a short (compared to the Anunnaki) life span. Unfortunately, the moment comes when the strongest and longest-lasting human must die.
Already in his youth, Gilgamesh began to show his indomitable character. The small town of Kulab was located near Uruk. The meek man ruled its, he was unable to resist the ever-increasing power of Gilgamesh and recognized his power.
Kulab and Uruk united into one city, and Gilgamesh ordered to enclose it with a mighty brick wall, behind which one could hide from any enemies. Now Gilgamesh no longer feared anyone and no longer sent gifts to Kish. The King of Kish, the arrogant Aga, went into a wild rage. He sent ambassadors to Gilgamesh with a demand to stop the strengthening of Uruk and Kulab and to recognize the legitimate rule of Kish, which from the earliest times of the first flood was considered the capital of Sumer. Ambassadors of Aga reminded the Ruler of Kulab and Uruk that for ten thousand years the royal house of their city had reigned supreme in Sumer. And not a single ensi dared to oppose Kish's divine authority. 
After listening to the speeches of the ambassadors, Gilgamesh did not answer a word and proudly walked out of the palace. Immediately, he ordered the city elders to be gathered in the main square and informed them of Aga's arrogance and his audacious claims.
“We should not,” he said, “obey the royal house of Kish, even though it boasts of its divine origin. My mother is the goddess Ninsun and my father is Lugalbanda, half god, half human. And why should I obey Kish? Moreover, the city of Uruk is protected by the goddess Inanna herself!” 
A rumble rolled through the ranks of the city elders. Meanwhile, Gilgamesh continued his fiery speech:
“We must crush the arrogant Ruler Aga with our weapons and achieve freedom and independence. Our goddess Inanna, patroness and caring mother of Uruk, will help us. Give me the opportunity to perform great deeds and glorify our divine Lady!” 
So said Gilgamesh. However, the wise, cautious and judicious elders, one after another, began to object to him. They reminded him that from the time of the great flood all the cities of Sumer had meekly obeyed Kish, and there was no harm from this to anyone. Each city independently decided its affairs and only paid tribute to the great capital.
Gilgamesh did not like these speeches of the overly cautious elders. And so he decided to summon to the square all the men of Kulab and Uruk, all who are capable of holding weapons in their hands. Mature men and vigorous youths turned out to be bolder than the gray-haired elders. With one voice they shouted that the times when Uruk and Kulab were weak and recognized the primacy of Kish had passed, that it was time to defeat the arrogant Aga.
When Gilgamesh, the Ruler of Uruk, heard the cheerful voices of brave warriors, his heart rejoiced, and his spirit enlightened. He summoned Aga's ambassadors, eagerly awaiting an answer, and invited them to return home empty-handed.
Thus began the war between Gilgamesh and Aga. It was not easy for the brave young hero to cope with the enemies. King of Kish led numerous troops gathered in the distant mountains and vast steppes, and his fleet sailed on the waters of the Euphrates. Within five days, Aga's fighting forces were already at the gates of Uruk. In less than ten days, they had already laid siege to Kulab and Uruk from all sides.
The first attack was repulsed, but the enemies continued the siege. Gilgamesh sent his warrior to negotiate with Aga, hoping to settle the matter peacefully, but King of Kish ordered to beat the ambassador in front of Gilgamesh, who was standing on the city wall.
The warriors of Kulab and Uruk came to a terrible anger at the sight of this cruelty. Rattling their weapons, they rushed to the gate and burst out in a powerful stream onto a wide plain, where the enemy ranks had already lined up.
Gilgamesh struck down with a mighty onslaught of the warriors brought by Aga. Like a whirlwind, he rushed to the bank of the Euphrates, where the enemy fleet was moored. He captured ships and chopped off their fronts, decorated with antelope heads.
The defeated Aga resigned himself and asked for peace. He recognized himself as governor of Gilgamesh, and the victor generously forgave him old grievances and extended his hand in a friendly manner. After these events Kish fell into decay and all the cities of Sumer began to recognize the great Uruk as their capital...” 
***
Also, Gilgamesh had a son, Ur-Nungal, his name is translated as ‘Admirer of the King’.
The study and description of the burial place of the Ruler of Uruk, as it seemed to William Adamson, was drawing to a close. William worked all night long when the heat of the day subsided, and fell asleep only in the morning. He has been working in this mode for over a year. Finally, his strength was exhausted. During the night, describing another artifact, William leaned on his travel desk and fell into oblivion. He saw his sister Alice.
“You rarely write to me, dear brother,” she chided with a smile. “I bet you completely forgot about our mother... However, just as she forgot about us...” 
William involuntarily felt a prick of conscience.
“I have too much work, Alice... Sorry, if something goes wrong... The excavation is still far from complete, there will be enough work in Uruk for many years. However, the money for the expedition is running out. I will be back to London soon...” 
“I am waiting for you, William... But first, you will find gold in the tomb... Be careful, check its walls...” 
William woke up as suddenly as he fell asleep. The sun has already risen. He quickly cleaned himself up and rushed to Smith's tent. He had a leisurely breakfast and gestured to the colleague to join. William sat down on a folding chair and George poured him coffee from a blackened coffeepot.
“You are clearly agitated, William...” he remarked.
William couldn't tell what really happened. He himself did not believe in dreams. But he was seized with a premonition that Alice had come to him for a reason. William sipped his coffee and took a bite of the jerky sandwich.
“I think it's too early to finish the work on Gilgamesh's tomb...” he said, trying to pull himself together and calm down.
Smith raised his eyebrows.
“Explain, sir!” 
“I have a version that there may be a secret chamber with jewels in one of the walls!” William blurted out.
George widened his eyes and froze with a cup half-filled with coffee in his right hand.
“Where did you get this information? Did I miss something?” Smith inquired resentfully.
Adamson shook his head.
“I'm feeling it! Just intuition!” 
“A-ah-ah!!!” said George. “Intuition... It's a good thing... Well, let's try to find out if your intuition is lying or not.” 
For the rest of the day, William, George and two of their assistants carefully, once again, surveyed the interior masonry of the tomb. Their search was crowned with success: when he tapped the stone walls, William discovered a cavity.
“Congratulations, Adamson!” Smith said triumphantly. “Your intuition is a very agreeable lady! However, what is behind the wall?!” 
The cavity was immediately opened and lit with kerosene lanterns. Indeed, jewelry has been kept in the secret chamber for more than four thousand years, including some golden tablets, as thick as cardboard and no larger than a sheet of a school notebook. William could not resist and picked up one of the tablets, covered with cuneiform, it turned out to be very strong. George and the assistants looked at its as if spellbound, unable to take their eyes off. 
“Golden tablet...” William whispered with delight and again illuminated the camera with his lantern.
“Apparently,” one of the assistants remarked, “there are many such tablets in the cache...
Smith agreed with him. Then he froze, trying to remember something. And then it dawned on him...
“William!” he screamed so loudly that Adamson dropped the tablet from his hands. It fell with a characteristic metallic sound on the stone floor.
The assistants froze with fear: what if it's not gold at all? And the find will be smashed to smithereens?
William quickly raised the tablet. On careful examination, he made sure that there was no damage to it. However, William drew attention to the fact that among the cuneiform signs, in the text, there are symbols that he did not know before. He wanted to tell Smith about it, but colleague got ahead of him.
“William!” Smith repeated, less emotionally. “I know what we found!” 
Adamson and his assistants looked questioningly at Smith.
“These are golden tablets ‘me’! They are briefly mentioned in the Ashurbanipal library! They keep wisdom, laws and information about the life of ancient deities and Sumerians! Ashurbanipal's contemporaries believed that the ‘me’ were created by the deities themselves!” 
William was struck like lightning by a guess.
“I remember! I remember! On a number of clay tablets from the Loftus expedition, there is also a mention of certain ‘me’, created by the deities themselves! I mentioned the ‘me’ tablets in the book of Sumerian myths. Oh my God! Is it really them?! We found them?! This is a world sensation!” 

To be continued…

In the next book: the story of ancient deities!

Excerpt from Book 2:
...The Blue Planet gradually approached and increased in size. The distance between its and the aircraft decreased. Inanna heard footsteps behind her, and turning to see Aruru. Aruru's appearance was quite attractive: her golden hair contrasted sharply with bright large green eyes. Despite this, Aruru preferred modest clothes in low-key tones.
“Inanna, we'll be landing soon,” she said enthusiastically. “I am looking forward to coming to our colony!”
Aruru was an optimist by nature. The long time spent on board the spacecraft, and even in a confined space and in the same team, seemed to have no effect on her. Nevertheless, Inanna felt pretty tired. She could no longer look at the same faces. She was sick of the monotonous food, and Dumuzid had been annoying lately.
The red-haired beauty increasingly thought that the next hundred, or even two hundred years, she would have to spend on Earth, devoid of the usual benefits and comfort. Inanna inwardly wondered at the enthusiasm of her aunts. It seemed that they were already on the ship were completely absorbed in the forthcoming research. And they discussed it incessantly. Sometimes it seemed to Inanna that her aunts were simply obsessed with science.
“...There is little left...” Inanna confirmed.
She turned her gaze to Lahar and Ashnan who had appeared in the compartment. Both, like two drops of water, are similar to each other: with wheat-colored hair and gray eyes. The eldest, Ashnan, loved to decorate her hair with hairpins made of fresh flowers and ears. The youngest, Lahar, styled her blonde hair in two tufts above her ears, somewhat reminiscent of sheep's horns.
Inanna, although she had never been to the Blue Planet before, she heard a lot about its from her parents, grandfather Enki and older brother Utu. Inanna in advance formed an idea of the local inhabitants of the Earth as primitive creatures. And she assumed that they would call Ashnan the goddess of grain, and Lahar — the goddess of cattle, respectively, according to their occupation. After all, Ashnan was engaged in the study and crossing of plants, and Lahar was enthusiastically breeding new species of animals. And because of her red hair, Inanna herself will be more likely to be revered as the goddess of the dawn. Inanna did not yet know how prophetic her assumptions would turn out to be. And that the women of Mesopotamia will dye their hair with henna so that they get a reddish tint.
The Anunnaki women spoke enthusiastically about science, using various difficult to pronounce words. Inanna was terribly annoyed, especially when the irrepressible energy of the twins burst out.
“I can't wait until I finally leave this cage! And I will breathe a little fresh air...” Inanna thought irritably. However, she smiled sweetly at her aunts.
After some time, Inanna's patience was rewarded — the ‘celestial chariot’ began to descend to Earth. The landing site was on the roof of a specially built ziggurat for this purpose, located between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers. Nearby was the city of Uruk, and the ziggurat was surrounded by a high stone wall for security reasons. Because the townspeople often came to worship the place where the deities in heavenly chariots descend to Earth. Some lucky ones even managed to see the deities with their own eyes.
A passage opened on the surface of the golden flying disc, and a staircase rolled out smoothly. The heavenly travelers descended along it to the roof of the ziggurat...




[1] Queen Victoria — years of life 1819-1901. Queen of Great Britain and Ireland from 1837 until her death. The era of Victoria's rule in history is called Victorian era. 
[2] City of London — is a city, ceremonial county and local government district, the historical core of London, which arose on the basis of the ancient Roman city of Londinium. 
[3] Fulgence Fresnel is a French orientalist, diplomat. Years of life 15 April 1795 — 30 November 1855. From 1851 to 1854 he headed a French scientific expedition to Mesopotamia.
[4] Julius (Jules) Oppert — years of life July 9, 1825 to August 21, 1905. French-German Assyriologist. One of the founders of Assyriology. 
[5]  Assyriology is a complex humanitarian discipline that studies the languages, scripts, cultures and history of Assyria, Babylonia and Mesopotamia.  
[6] Sir Henry Creswicke Rawlinson — British archaeologist and diplomat. Years of life 5 April 1810 – 5 March 1895. George Smith — English Assyriologist. Years of life. Years of life 26 March 1840 – 19 August 1876. 
[7] Uruk is an ancient city-state that existed 4000 years BC on the territory of modern Iraq. Active exploration of Uruk and its environs began only at the end of the 19th century. 
[8] Fairies — in European mythology, various spirits and mystical creatures: both good and evil.
[9] In 1904, during the demolition of a house in New York, where the Fox sisters lived, human remains were actually found in the basement. 
[10] Channeling is one of the practices of mediums, communication with supernatural forces.
[11] Bustle — padded undergarment, fashionable in the mid-to-late 19th century an adaptation in the form of a pillow, which was placed by the ladies from behind under the dress below the waist to give pomp to the figure.
[12] ‘Alice in Wonderland’, written by the English mathematician, poet and writer Charles Lutwidge Dodgson under the pseudonym Lewis Carroll, was published in 1865. 
[13] Omnibus (horse-bus or horse-drawn omnibus) is a multi-seat horse-drawn carriage for the transport of passengers. 
[14] Arm warmers — knitted sleeves worn on hands, fingerless gloves.
[15] Torque (torq, torc) is an ancient necklace made of gold or silver wire.
[16] Cernunnos is a Celtic deity. Cernunnos was portrayed as a deer with a torque around his neck.
[17] Dolmen — two tall parallel stones. Another option is possible: two stones from above overlap the third. 
[18] Korrigan are the keepers of the wells. They live underground, but at the same time they like to spend time near water bodies. A human can enter their world by walking through a dolmen, which is usually located near a source or lake. 
[19] Pixies are supernatural creatures from British mythology, sometimes considered to be a species of elves or fairies.
[20] Succubus — according to medieval beliefs, a demoness of lust and debauchery, visiting and seducing men.
[21] Nippur is the sacred city and religious center of Sumer in southern Mesopotamia (modern day Iraq). In Nippur there was a temple of the main god of the Sumerians — Enlil. 
[22] Meluhha is a remote country with which the Sumerians carried out sea trade. Mentioned in many Sumerian texts. The exact location is a matter of debate. According to some versions, it could be Oman, or Egypt, or a state in the Indus river valley. 
[23] Dilmun (possibly the modern island of Bahrain) is an island in the Persian Gulf known to the ancient Sumerians. In the beliefs of the Sumerians, Dilmun was considered the birthplace of humanity and the cradle of civilization. 
[24] Lahar is a Sumerian deity. According to some sources, this is the woman, and according to some sources, it is the man. In the novel, it is the woman. 
[25] Ninshubur is a deity from Sumerian mythology. According to some sources, this is the woman, and according to some sources, the man. In the novel, it is the man.
[26] The settlement of Kulab merged with Uruk and E-anna.
[27] Sister of Dumuzid
[28] Enmerkar is one of the first kings of Uruk.
[29] Ziggurat is a type of massive structure in ancient Mesopotamia. The ziggurat could be not only a temple, but also an administrative building.
[30] Aratta — land in Sumerian mythology. 
[31] With elements of text: Keram K. ‘Gods, tombs and scientists’. A novel of archeology. M., 1963. Foreign literature. Translation by A.S. Varshavsky.
[32] The first Ruler of Kish. Supposedly of divine origin and ruled for 1,200 years (approximately 10,000 BC). Then he was succeeded by several more Anunnaki successors.
