

CONJURER: THE LEGEND OF THE HOODED PHANTOM 

By Charles Chanda
Copyright 2013 Charles Chanda
Smashwords Edition 


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author
CHAPTER 1: It Begins
It’s well known fact that when one says the word magic; thoughts of the greats that have amazed us, Buatier De Kolta, Carl Herrmann the Great and his nephew Leon Herrmann and of course no list of greats would be complete without the greatest of them all, ‘Harry Houdini’. All these magicians are legends in their own rights, for their great trickery and sleight of hand that have come to make magic nothing more than an impression on our minds. 
Deception was the Game and they played it well, to convince the world that magic was nothing more than an illusion. 
But an illusion is one word Tom Bell would not use to describe magic, not at all; For you see Tom is a magician of sorts, some say a sorcerer others say enchanter. I on the other hand have come to call him by the name, ‘Conjuror: Last of the Wizards’.
In the evening of Januarys 20th, Tom was celebrating his 15th birthday. Laughter and fun filled his house as he and his friends celebrated long into that English night. 
As his friends left Tom’s house; Catherine, Toms’ mother started to clean up. Tom kissed her on the check and went to his bedroom. Catherine cleaned the living room and went into the kitchen to wash the dishes. While washing the dishes she remembered the times she had with Tom. She could see the memories on the kitchen window of the first time Tom hurt himself, had a fight at school and as a tear ran down her check she remembered the first time he called her Mom.
After washing the dishes Catherine looked at the kitchen clock. 11 o’clock it read 
‘It’s now or never’ she thought to herself. 
She walked up the stairs to Toms’ room and knocked at the door 
‘Come in’ answered Tom
 Catherine opened the door to find Tom sitting on the bed, ‘not yet asleep’ Catherine asked.
‘Um not yet, I ‘am just too excited about school starting’
‘Tom there is something you need to know before school starts tomorrow’ she began as she entered the room and kneed in front of him; gazing ever so into his eyes. ‘Tom a long time ago came the first of the Wizards; the first five Conjurers of Magic.’
‘Is this a bed time story’ Tom interrupted 
‘No, Not at all’ replied Catherine before continuing, ‘these Wizards included Adam the Wizard of life; Persephone the Wizard of Nature; Ra the Wizard of light; Albert the Wizard of time and Doom the Wizard of Death. Each was given a task in the creation of the magic dimension, where magical creatures could live. Once completed, Wizards ruled the magic dimensions and protected it until a hundred years ago they vanished without a trace.’
‘What happened to them?’ 
‘No one knows Tom; there appears to be a gap a hundred years ago and no magical creature remembers what happened.’ 
Tom feel back on his bed with laughter, ‘that was the coolest bed time story you have ever told me Mom’ he says while giggling out of control.
‘Tom this is serious’ she tries to explain, but he continued to laugh. Catherine wanting Tom to pay serious attention to her transformed herself into a Vampire. With her eyes glowing bright pink, fangs sticking from her mouth and silver colour long nails.
Tom found himself in a state of confusion and shock at what had become of his mother. He tried to scream, but Catherine quickly covered his mouth with her hands.
‘I’m going to remove my hand from your mouth, don’t scream’ she said, causing a node from Tom in agreement of her request. She removed her hand from Toms’ mouth and sat next to him on the bed. 
‘What are you’ in shock Tom asked
‘I am a Vampire’  
‘So that means that I am a Vampire; like you?’
‘No, you are a Wizard; the last Wizard in existence’
Tom found himself more confused than ever, ‘why am I not a Vampire like you’ he asked
‘Tom you are adopted; and as of tomorrow, you will be joining the School of Magic at West Minister, where you will learn how to use your magic powers to their fullest’ 
Tom sat there absorbing what Catherine was telling him, but only one thing seemed to hang around his mind; ‘My mom is a Vampire’ he thought to himself, ‘what if she eats me’. 
He jumped off his bed and dashed out the door, down the stairs, out the front door, into the streets and shouted, ‘help my mother is a Vampire’ only to be tackled by Catherine from behind, knocking him out.
‘Tom, Tom, Tom wake up or you will be late for school’ yelled Catherine the following morning. 
Tom pulled the sheets back from his head and pondered to himself of what happened the previous day, coming to the conclusion it was a dream and replied in a sleepy sounding mood ‘Let me sleep in Mom, please’. 
‘Please doesn’t get results Tom and I should know, I have been saying please to you for the past 15 years of my life. Now get up or you’re going to be late for school’
Tom got up, took a bath and put on a towel. He stood in the middle of his room looking at his posters of various celebrities he had come to adore, from Alicia Keys to Will Smith; all have come to give endless pleasure in music and movies, but it was Avril Lavigne that took his attention every time. He took down her poster, played her hit single girlfriend and began to replace the word girlfriend with boyfriend as he began to sing and dance, spinning round and round in the room staring ever longer in her eyes, unaware of his best friend Kate, walking in. 
‘What are you doing Tom’ she asked. 
Tom turned to the door way to find Kate standing there in her ever so tight jeans, as she rolled her blond long hair from the front of her face. 
‘I’m just getting ready for go to school’
‘That explains the no cloths then’, Kate replied as her head looked up and down at Tom. 
To his horror Tom quickly looked at himself, realizing that the towel he had slipped off as he pranced around, quickly covered himself up with the poster.  In shock he mumbled to ask Kate for the reason she was there
‘Catherine sent me up to call you for breakfast’ she answered. 
Both were embarrassed by the situation, making them feel uneasy and failing to look at one another. 
‘So I will see you down stairs’ Kate softly spook as she headed out 
‘Yah’ Tom answered.
Kate ran down stairs into the kitchen where Catherine was.
‘Well’ Catherine said, 
‘Well what? I didn’t see anything’ replied Kate rather bluntly. 
Catherine was puzzled at her response and thought it to be a misunderstanding, ‘I mean; is he coming down’ 
‘Oh yes, he will um, be down in a fairy minute’ Kate mumbled.
Tom came down stairs into kitchen, after putting on his cloths and combing his brown hair.
‘There you are sleepy head, ready for your last meal here?’ Catherine asked 
 ‘I’m not sure Kate and I will be able to stay for breakfast’, Tom answered wanting to leave as soon as possible to avoid sitting through the breakfast with Kate, as they both were still unable to look at one another.
‘Well then, you should be off to West Ministers Hall then shouldn’t you, seeing as that my cooking is no good to you know’ Catherine said as she started to storm out of the room.
‘Wait’ Tom’ shouted, ‘what do you mean, West Minister, aren’t we going to Liverpool High’ he asked. 
‘You didn’t tell him’ Kate asked. 
‘You tell him Kate, I don’t have the strength for another tackle’ Catherine answered
 Tom looking back and forth at Kate and Catherine, asked out loud, ‘what do you mean tell me; wait, was last night for real’. 
‘Come on Tom I tell you on the way’ Kate said, but Tom stood still, as he mind raced to understand everything that was happening 
Kate walked over to Tom ‘sleep-light’ she cast while extending her right hand in Toms face, emitting a blinding light, knocking Tom to sleep
Tom woke up on the bus to West Minister as if he was waking up from a good night sleep
‘Where am i?’
‘We are on the bus to West Minister’ Kate replied
‘Driver, driver get me off this bus’ Tom shouted as tried to escape from Kate, but Kate grabbed his hand and pulled back to his sit, using her super Fairy strength
‘That’s ok driver my friend is just a little scared about starting school’ she explained
‘Hey kid you better stay in school; life as a bus driver isn’t all it’s cracked up to be’ uttered the bus driver
‘Will you calm down Tom’ Kate instructed 
‘Calm down; I just found out I am adopted, a Wizard and my mother is a Vampire’ he said aloud
‘Will you keep your voice down before the whole world hears you?’
‘No I will not keep my voice down you; wait what are you?’
‘I am the girl who’s going to put you asleep again if you don’t calm down’ she threatens while wiggling her right hand fingers 
Tom relaxes as Kate’s wiggling figures strike a chord with his thought of the situation
‘Now may I assume that you remember everything your mother told you right’, Tom nodes his head, ‘then there is nothing to worry about, you are a Wizard and I am a Fairy; we are going to the School of Magic to learn to control our powers and that is the end of that; any questions you may have will be answered when we get there ok’
Tom nodes his head again, as he rests back in his chair 
‘Next stop, West Minster’, the bus driver said.
‘Welcome to West Minster Tom’ spoke Kate before she explains, ‘ it is known to all who see it, as the Parliament Houses of the British legislature, a great mass of buildings on the north bank of the River Thames in London. But what they don’t know is that its creator, Sir Charles Barry, was the one of the greatest admired people by Wizards of all time.  He built the tower to honor the Queen of England, but was influenced by the first five Wizards to secretly add a school to his design. One needs only to stand at the bottom of St Stephen's Tower and set their clock to it and behold their clocks strikes 12 before it, an extraordinarily testimony to the power of the Wizard Albert.’ 
Tom was caught breathless at the exterior, rich in late Gothic style that Wizards found delightful at the time and at its three massive towers: Victoria Tower, Middle Tower, and St Stephen's Tower.  
‘Wow’, exclaimed Tom, ‘is this cool or what’ he said, resulting in a slap on the back of his head from Kate 
‘Or what Tom, remember we are the creatures of the magic, so stop human dreaming and watch this’ 
Kate made a circle with her hands symbolizing the clock tower and cast the spell of magic entrance; ‘Enter-Magic-Creature’ Kate said.
The West Minster rose from the ground as a Tall tower rose beneath it. The top was black bricked followed by a body of water suspended in animation that supplied a waterfall at the bottom with a small silver door, the size of a rat hole.
Tom couldn’t believe his eyes, causing him to rub them.
‘Can anyone else see this’ he asked
‘Just us magic creatures’ Kate answered as mortals all around them kept on moving, as if nothing was there. 
‘Why is it so tall’ Tom asked Kate, 
‘I don’t know, perhaps someone among the Wizards hated the ground’ she answered.
They stared at the building just to have a Wiz appear before them.
An elf height being, with a short bunny noise, pointy ears that faced behind its’ head and big blue eyes with brown hair fur, wearing a black jacket with a white shirt inside, blue trousers and red shoes; stood in front of them. 
‘Welcome and come on in, you little delinquents.’ uttered the Wiz with a sense of revulsion. 
‘What’s that Kate’ asked Tom
The Wiz looked at Tom from bottom to top and angrily dejected, ‘you’re dumb aren’t you boy, no wonder you’re the only Wizard in the magic dimension; you were probably too stupid to disappear along with the rest of them. Now, shut up and come in’. 
‘But we won’t fit through the door it’s too small’ Tom whispered to Kate, 
‘Born, yesterday were we’ Wiz alleged, ‘now, let me give you a little advice kid, come closer’ Wiz instructed Tom as he moved a step closer, 
‘Closer’ said the Wiz, ‘I must wispier these words of wisdom in your ear’. 
Tom moved closer and knelt before the Wiz to hear its’ words of wisdom 
‘Now Tom what am about to tell you is going to shock the day light out of you’ Wiz said as he move towards Toms’ left ear to wispier, ‘with magic; nothing is impossible! Now get your lazy butt through that door before I kick it through!’ Wiz said, as he grabbed Tom left ear and tossed him towards the door.
Tom got up from the ground, surprised from the Wiz’s scream and strength, walked towards the door as Kate encouraged him on; with his heart beating faster and faster as the row of the waterfall grew louder and louder. He approached the door; he saw it beginning to grow and grow, until it was just little taller than him; he opened the door and walked through it. 
To his surprise it was a whole new world, as far as he could see thousand and hundreds of thousands of magic creatures all moving and talking and casting spells; it was the most amazing thing he has ever seen in his little life. 
‘Tom’ Kate shouted, ‘come on, your being left behind’. 
They walked following the Wiz across the halls of large paintings and flags, through the corridors and mirror doors until they reached the office of the Dean. A large wooden door stood there, carved with ancient Wizard symbols.
 The Wiz opened the door and in they entered; sitting on the chair behind the Deans’ table was  Dean Alexandra, a young witch with green red hair, blue eyes and a smile to kill, well as least that’s what Kate thought, as she looked at him. 
‘Dean, these are the new students to the school’ Wiz uttered.
‘Tom Bell and Kate little, Welcome to The School of Magic’ Dean Alexandra said, ‘I hope your stay here will be of the up most best, because here at The School of Magic we try our out most, to ensure that you are ready for everything magically related upon completion’. 
‘Sir when we walked through the door I couldn’t help but notice that this place is enormous, how come’ Tom asked.
‘Well Tom’ Dean Alexandra answered, ‘how many Universities have you heard of that offer the teachings that we offer’. 
‘Well none, but this one sir’ Tom replied. 
‘That is because Tom, we are the only one; you see the first five Wizards wanting to unite the magic dimension together made this school, where every magic creature from Giants, Fairies, Wizards, Witches, Zombies, Vampires, Zardlins’ and others would learn to use magical powers in peace and harmony’. 
‘What about the Wizards, is it true that I am the last Wizard in existence; what happened to the others’ Tom asked. 
‘No one knows Tom, but perhaps Mr. Bell the answers you seek will come to you, as you learn from here. This school was after all built by Wizards and it might just need a Wizard to unlock its’ ambiguities’ answered Dean Alexandra. 
Tom was disheartened by the answer, for deep in his heart he wanted nothing more than to know from where he came.
‘Mr. Wiz, will you kindly escort our guest to their dorm rooms’ instructed Dean Alexandra to the Wiz. 
Wiz lead the children back into the hall way and voiced to them, to follow him. As they walked through the corridors Tom looked back at the door, as the symbols on the door emitted a bright light at Tom causing him to stumble.
‘Tom, are you alright’ Kate asked, as her concern for Tom struck conversation.
‘Well yea, why do you ask’ Tom answered
‘I don’t know, I just thought after the whole Vampire Catherine thing and the last Wizard thing, you may be in need of a shoulder to cry on right about now’ Kate answered.
‘I’m not a baby Kate, I will be fine’ 
‘Here we are’ Wiz told the kids, ‘your dorm’. 
‘Wait how did we get here?’ Kate asked looking around for signs indicating there location, 
‘It’s simple just walk through a corridor, any corridor with the intent of going to your dorm room and your there’ Wiz replies with a dingy expression on his face. 
But both Kate and Tom stood there staring at Wiz, dumb minded to his explanation.
‘Look; at this school you can teleport to any location, well with a few exceptions such as the Dean’s office, or within classes or dorms or; you know what, any time by simply thinking of that location you will teleport there’ Wiz professed to them. 
‘But I thought you just said there were exceptions’ Tom said 
‘Yes they are; so if you try to go to those locations, you will fail to teleport ok!’ Wiz clarified. ‘Now step in front of the door mirror and look into the mirror; see the mirror, become the mirror’ Wiz instructed them, ‘now dance like a chicken’ he directed
‘What!’ Kate shouted. 
‘I said dance like a chicken’ Wiz replies, both Kate and Tom stared at Wiz, ‘do you want to get in or not’, Wiz asks them, 
‘Well yes’ Tom replies, 
‘Then dance like a chicken’ Wiz articulates. 
Tom and Kate begin to dance like chickens in front of the mirror, as Wiz asked of them. He then tells them to look to the left and the right, up and down, and turn around
‘Look at me’, Wiz tells them. ‘Do you know what I’m looking at?’ he utters as he stares in their eyes, ‘first class suckers! Ha!’ ‘Mirror-Image-Capture’, Wiz casts and no sooner had he, then the mirror captures their images. ‘The mirror has captured your images, only the two of you can enter the dorm’, Wiz explained
‘Wait our dorm’, Kate asks
‘Yep’ Wiz answers 
‘But I’m a girl’ Kate cried 
‘And I am a little girl dressed in a pink dress with a matching crown’, Wiz replied comically. ‘The room is big enough for an elephant and I should know my stepmom is an elephant so stop your cantankerous and get in there!’ Wiz said as he vanished.
‘Ok, so we just walk through the glass huh, ladies first’ Tom said to Kate.
 ‘Oh why thank you, cowardly chicken’, Kate replied with sarcasm.
As she walked through the glass, she entered a big white room with a fire burning in the center surrounded by a circle of couches and two stair ways on either side of her, leading to his and hers bedrooms.
 Kate spun around the room and said, ‘Tom this is cool’, but Tom did not answer, for unknown to Kate, as she was admiring the room Tom was admiring a girl he saw, ‘Lilly’. 
Lilly a tempered Vampire whose beauty and personality persuades advances from all men who come near her, walked pass Tom as he stood outside the door. 
Tom, drawn to her, unwilling follows her through the corridors to her dorm room door. He stares at mirror door when her image appears and asks, ‘who’s there and who have you come to see?’  
‘Why you’, Tom replies, ‘I am Tom’ 
‘Why have you come to see me’, 
‘To ask your name’ Tom replies the images question.
The mirror image disappears as the real Lilly comes through the mirror; Tom stumblingly says ‘hi, I’m Tom’. Lilly blushes and looks down to the ground before slowly looking up to Tom ‘My name is Lilly Vamps and you need to know something Tom’ 
‘What’, Tom asks with gazing eyes. 
Suddenly she grubs Tom by the throat with her hands, slamming him into the wall with great force. Her eyes turn bright green 
‘You may have been brought up by a Vampire, but if you ever for any reason try to date me, it will be your last act in life Wizard boy, understand?’ She asks. 
Tom answers by nodding his head slightly up and down as fear grips his mind.
Lilly releases her grip on Tom, allowing him to fall flat to the floor on his butt, turns and says ‘good day Tom, it has been a pleasure to meet you, we should do it again’ as she vanishes through the mirror.
 Tom catches his breath on the floor, to hear a whisper in his ear, ‘secrets are hidden, secrets are forbidden’ Tom frantically looks to the left and right of the corridor, but no one is in sight. He decides to head back to the dorm room unaware of the hooded figure behind him.
He enters his dorm to find Kate on the sofa near the fire place, reading a school guide book she had found 
‘What happened to you’ she asks, 
‘I ran into a hot Vampire Girl that’s what happened’ he answered. 
Kate momentary speechless asks if he was alright.
‘Yes, I mean I’m out of breath, but I think I will survive’, 
‘The school guide says that all of our classes and activities are with our mirror images and they will tell us tomorrow, so we better sleep’, 
‘Sleep’ Tom asks
‘Yea sleep, slumber, nap, snooze, doze, siesta, catnap, be dead to the world and all that!’ Kate replies. 
‘But’, Tom says before Kate interrupts 
‘But, But what? Vampy girl is waiting for you in the moon light, at a secret location to make out, stop day dreaming Tom she will probably try to chock you if you give her a chance’,
Tom stunned at her flare-up says, ‘I was just going to say that it’s still day light; and besides she has already tried to chock me’ he whispers to himself. 
‘Oh’, Kate replies nodding her head up and down slowly, ‘So’, she continues, ‘what do we do now’, 
‘I guess we could ask our mirror images for advice, I mean they have our programs then they should have some other information right’, Tom replies.
‘Good idea Tom, especially coming from someone who was recently introduced to magic’, Kate says. 
They walk towards their mirror door and ask their mirror images what they could do. 
The mirror images appear in the door and introduce themselves as IKate and ITom, with the ‘I’ standing for image
IKate suggest going the Mermaid Lake. ‘It’s beautiful this time of year and the Mermaids are very welcoming to new students’, IKate says before being interrupted by ITom
 ‘Oh magic dimension and maybe after that we can all knit sweaters for old people’ it comicality says, ‘what you want to do is go watch Wiz Ball’ ITom suggests.
‘What’s Wiz ball’ Kate asks ITom 
‘What’s Wiz ball? It’s the best game on earth. It comprise of 2 teams of 5 players; one Gate Keeper, 3 pillars and 1 Striker on each team; all using the Ra ball to score their opponent’ ITom explains with a fierily passion. 
‘Yah; I think I will go to Mermaid Lake’, Kate expressed, to which ITom said, ‘it looks like the grate Kate is a grate chicken to see Wiz ball’. 
‘I am absolutely not’, Kate replied angrily,
‘Than what are we waiting for’ Tom said, ‘wiz ball, here we come’, he shouted.


Chapter 2: Play Ball
When they entered the stadium of Wiz ball, there breathes’ went away as the sight of the four pillars of golden dragons holding up the ring of fire over the playing pitch. 
‘It’s amazing’, Kate said, but Tom didn’t reply, for once again his attention was caught by Lilly Vamps sitting directly ahead of them. He walks towards her and stands next to her, as she turns her head and looks upwards at him, turns back to the game while saying, ‘you better not sit next to me Wizard boy’. 
‘I won’t’, Tom answers rather amusingly, ‘Kate is’, he says and shouts to Kate to come and have a seat. 
Kate sits next to Lilly and Tom next to Kate, as they watch the match  
‘HI I’m Kate, what’s your name?’
Lilly turns towards her, ‘Lilly Vamps’ she answers, as they shake hands, ‘wait the Lilly Vamps, of the Vamps family’, Kate inquires, ‘yes’, she answers.
A large roar comes from the crowd as one of the team’s scores a goal. 
‘Who scored’, Kate asks 
Lilly answers, ‘The Wolf-Force; they’re a bunch of werewolves on the campus lead by number 5, Dax’. 
‘Dax’ Kate asks for conformation, 
‘Yes Dax’ Lilly replied, 
Kate gazed at Dax, this tall blonde, brown eyed guy with a smirk on his face. 
‘Do you know how the game is played’ Lilly asks of Kate, 
‘No’ she replies.
‘Well it quite simple, you have a circle pitch divided into four zones of two for each side. The first zones are held by the Gate Keeper and Gate Locker or Striker of the opposing team. The second zone is held by the pillars of each team. The job of the pillars is to pass the ball to the Striker at the other end of the pitch, while there path is being blocked by the pillars of the opposing team. Once the ball goes through the striker picks it up and uses it to score a goal.’
‘That sounds simple enough’ Kate answered 
‘Yes, I do believe that someone might come to that conclusion’ Lilly replies, ‘but there rules to follow, for instance the Gate Keeper cannot use any form of magic and so they have to be strong like a Werewolf or Vampire, better yet a Giant.’.
Kate turned her head towards the pitch to watch the match as the Wolf-Force lead the match against the Moon-Vampires 4-3; the crowd rowed and cheered both teams as Jack Bond broadcasts it from the broadcast studio.
‘Welcome back everybody to this amazing match as the Wolf-Force is on the verge of being undefeated in 12 matches, I Jack Bond am shaken not stirred and everybody in this stadium can feel the heat. The Moon-Vampire Gate Keeper passes the Ra-ball to pillar Mathew who passes it to his fellow pillar Frank as they desperately try to get back in this match, but the Wolf-Force pillar is standing strong and if I can add simply unstoppable, but wait the Moon-Vampires use a reverse edge move and the Ra ball passes between Patrick and Goth, Vince picks it up, its’ him against the Richard the Gate-Keeper. He dribbles the ball with his feet, he lefts it up to his face, wait Vampire-Shadow-Scream; the ball is appearing and disappearing everywhere, where will it end up. Wait what’s this Richard has closed his eyes, what the magic for; I don’t believe it he caught it with just by listening for the sound, Vince is shocked, I’m shocked, and the stadium is shocked at this. Richard better pass the ball out quickly to his pillars while there in this state of shock, wait what’s’ this he’s used his Werewolf-Howl to blast the ball all the way to Dax who jumps to great it; another Werewolf-Howl, the ball is blasting towards the goal; Yes It’s’ in, what a match, what a move and what strike from Dax, the Wolf-Force wins again and the crowd is simply loving it.’ 
Kate cheers and celebrates along with everyone else with the exception of Lilly
‘Why aren’t you cheering’ Kate asks Lilly
‘Hello, Vampire over here, plus I don’t give a dam’
‘That Dax is a wonderful player isn’t he’    
‘Don’t be taken by him’, a voice said behind them. As they looked behind, they saw a white haired guy with white sneakers, black jeans, and red shirt with white writings saying, ‘Die today or Never’.
‘Why?’ Kate asked him, 
‘Dax and his gang are well known for breaking all the rules regardless of consequences they might bring to others’ 
‘So their bad boys’ Lilly says with a smirk on her face, 
‘No’ he answers, ‘their evil and evil is what follows them’. 
Tom turned his head back towards the Wolf-Force with an uneasy feeling, but yet an acceptance of them. 
‘How do you know him’ Kate inquires of the mystery guy.
‘We go way back’, he answers as he stands to leave.
‘Well that was a waste of time’ Lilly utters as she watches the mystery guy leave
‘What do we do now’ Tom asked
‘I have to go back to my dorm; my so called roommate should have arrived by now’ Lilly said as she stood to leave saying her goodbyes on the way out, which was watched by Tom’s gazing eyes, which attracted Kate’s attention
‘Oh my magic that was her wasn’t it’ Kate asked Tom
‘Her who’
‘Don’t play dumb with me, earlier on you came in our dorm saying you met a hot Vampire girl and that was her’
‘Yah’
‘You are way out of your element here Tom’
‘What do you mean by that?’ 
‘She will never take a second look at you and it felt like she wasn’t going to a first look either’
‘She will, you’ll see, once I work my magic on her’
‘You may be a Wizard Tom but I think that’s one spell you can’t cast’ Kate replies as she heads off, out of the stadium followed by Tom into the halls of the school
As they walk through the corridors Tom notices that other creatures are staring at him as he walks pass them
‘What are they looking at’ Tom asks Kate
‘What do you think; you are the last Wizard in existence, everyone is bound to be curious about you’
As they continue walking, they bump into the Wolf-Force leader Dax, as he celebrates the victory with his crew
‘Well; so this is the Wizard I have heard so much about’ utters Dax 
‘Wow your Dax’ Kate blushes, only to have a black girl by the name of Tamara standing next to Dax, put her hands over his head and around his body with kiss on the check uttering, ‘My Dax’
Kate’s blushes quickly disappear as she realises he was already taken
‘You better watch yourself here Wizard, lots have changed since your kind ruled the magic dimensions’ Dax warns, as they continue on their way
‘I don’t think they like us’ Tom said to Kate, as they watched the Wolf-Force walk away 


Chapter 3: Learn all the way
The following day came, as Kate and Tom went to their first class of the day, Magic Guidance with Professor X. They entered class room 1001; a 4 corned black roomed with huge fire flies on the roof providing light to the class room. 
The desks where all facing Professor X; an average man, bold and wearing a red rob. He had a staff in his left hand, with a coiled snake at its top. At this point, Tom did not realize that Professor X was a Zardlin; a mythical creature, half Wizard, half Goblin who relies on his staff to cast spells of a lesser strength to Wizards, but equal to witches. 
Tom looked for two empty seats for him and Kate to seat side by side, but found Kate already seated next to Dax which was not pleasing to Tamara as she walked in, but a quick look at Professor X, convinced her not to cause a scene. Tom proceeded to sit in the middle desk, in the middle of row of the five rows. 
‘Take your seats students’ Professor X said. ‘Welcome to Magic Guidance, does anyone know what this course pertains’ the Professor asked as he looked at the students with intensity in his eyes, noticing Kate in the back ground staring at Dax. ‘You there’, he said while pointing at Kate with his staff, ‘answer me’. 
With the whole class staring at her, Kate briefly remembered her 4th year ballerina school show at Cambridge school of ballerina’s, where she chocked on stage with fright. Kate swallowed a big gulp of her saliva, before answering, ‘Isn’t it the study of magical spells.’
‘And beings,’ Professor X exclaimed. ‘Yes I will teach you the art of magical spells and when, where to use them, as well as introduce you to the beings that are found all around us in the magic dimensions which include, but not limited to the Sax-foam’ the Professor explained just to be interrupted by a scream from the class as the Sax-form picture appears on the painting.
‘Who screamed’, asks the Professor,
‘I did’, answers Xian Hsien, a Chinese girl with pink hair, cloths, and shoes. 
‘Why?’
‘Well Professor I was kind of scared’, she answers while lowering her head to the ground.
‘Fear is nothing to be ashamed of girl, but considering your father is the great Li Tieguai Hsien, it safe to say that it was some windy day when the apple fell from the tree’, the Professor uttered as he continued; the Bronco-hoax’,
‘No’, Xian screamed 
‘The Paxton’
‘No!’ Xian screamed again causing the Professor to twitch his left eye as sign of caution  
Professor X, ‘A fluffy Bunny’
‘No’, Xian screamed as the class looked at her. ‘I was bitten by a baby bunny, when I once visited the local Zoo in my Home Town’ she quickly tells them while lowering her head into the desk out of shame.
‘A Black-Rex’, the Professor continues as a No scream echoes the class.
‘Will you stop that Xian’, the Professor screams
 ‘But that wasn’t me’, Xian responds, ‘It came from outside, in the corridors’.
‘No’ scream rocks the class again as the Professor dashes towards the door with the class behind him. As he exits the door, into the white corridor he finds to his left a black hooded figure, black charming a Vampire student with a silver crested medallion that had a black charm gem in its center. 
The Professor shouts ‘Stop!’ as he begins to gives chase to the hooded figure, which turns toward the Professor and invokes a spell with the medallion towards the Professor who uses his staff to deflect the attack. 
The hooded figure takes flight from the scene as the Professor gave chase, casting spell after spell in the hope of stopping the hooded figure, but the figure doggies the Professors’ attempts of stopping it. 
As the chase continues through the corridors and passages, the figure heads into the clock tower where among the thousands of clocks the figure hides, listening to every sound with an effort to hear any sign of the Professor.
The Professor while searching for the figure notices a hooded figure in a clock’s mirror reflection, and goes round catching the figure by surprise
‘I have you now hooded’ says the Professor, backing the figure near the window at the corner. The hooded figure jumps through the widow all the way down into the river Themes; vanishing with the current. 
‘Block-Protect’, the Professor casts, while waving his staff up high over his head, creating a protective barrier between the school and the river.
‘Professor who was that’, Kate asks, causing the Professor to turn around to find Kate, Tom and Lilly behind him. 
‘Noting’, he replies, ‘go to your dorm rooms the class is canceled today’, he continues as he slowly turns his head towards the river, which cast a shiver down his spine as a memory passes through his mind.
A loud church bell rings throughout the school before the Dean’s voice gives an announcement across the school, ‘all students to their dorms’ it repeats several times 
Students from left to right head towards their dorms as the mirrors on the white corridor walls begin to float of the walls, to patrol the corridors. 
In their Dorm room Kate and Tom begin to comprehend the day’s events down stairs.
‘What just happened’ Kate asks to Tom 
‘I don’t know; how could I know, two days ago I was a normal boy and now I’m here, but it’s pretty clear that it wasn’t good’ 
ITom appears on the mirror door, ‘hey Tom, Lilly’s here and she asks to come on in’, 
‘What? You’re joking right’ 
‘Ok then I will tell her to beat it’
‘No, let her in’ Tom shouts. 
Lilly and Xian walk through the door.
‘Hey Lilly’ Tom says 
‘This is your dorm’ she asks, 
‘Well yeah, I share it with Kate here’ Tom responds. 
‘I would just like to say sorry to Kate, it must be torture being stuck with that, just as it is for me to share my dorm with her’ she utters while looking at Xian.
‘Why are you guys here’, Kate asked 
‘Xian got scared and I was hoping that I could possibly dump her on you guys’, Lilly answers
 ‘I’m not scared; I’m just concerned for my safety’, Xian added in a crummy manner. 
‘Do you guys know what happened today?’ Kate asked them. 
‘Well, I heard that it was the work of the hooded’, Lilly answered. 
‘The hooded’ Tom asks. 
‘Yah, the hooded; it’s supposed that this hooded figure, hint the name, hunts the corridors; waiting for unsuspecting students passing by, so that he can pounce and take their souls’, Lilly answered with an uneasy smile on her face. 
‘How do we protect ourselves?’ Kate asks 
Lilly answers, as she heads over the couch ‘You can’t? Over the past 99 years, I have heard that 195 students have been attacked with 5 being dragged away, never to be seen again’ Lilly answered. 
An uneasy came upon Tom and Kate as they each comprehended in their minds the very thought of the hooded.
Meanwhile the Dean had assembled the school teachers into congress over the incident;
Professor X began ‘we must find the hooded figure now, or close the school’,
Professor Abraham responded ‘We are the only magic school in the whole magic dimensions and you have us shut down. I beg your pardon sir, but I believe that the loss of your daughter to this hooded has clouded your judgment on matters’.’
Professor X angrily replied ‘don’t you bring my daughter into this, I’m thinking of the well-being of my students.’  
Professor Évora intervened ‘gentlemen, can we just take deep breath or do have to use my love portion on you two love-daddies.’
Professor X and Abraham stared at Professor Évora, both wondering how the Dean could employ such an individual to the school. Her pink hat and matching lipstick clash with her black hair and brown skin, making them wonder if she was silly or just crazy.
‘What of the others, what have you to say about this matter that has gathered here again’, Dean Alexandra asks
Professor Watson answered, ‘I agree with Professor X, but we can’t close the school and so may I suggest Warlock the Captain’. 
A big gasp enters the room, as the mention of Warlock the sailor is made. 
He is werewolf that became a pirate at sea; his ship ‘the full moon’ is the fastest ship in the world capable of sailing the highest tides known to man. He hasn’t been seen for over 30 years.
Professor X inquired of Professor Watson, ‘How did you come to find his location Professor Watson’,
‘I’m the Professor of Magical Artifacts Professor X; I tend to find such relics’ he replies
‘Just like you found Tom Bell’
‘Exactly!’ he replies as he remembers 15 years ago, while walking through the street found a baby floating in the basket in the river Themes and being a creature of opportunity knew of a young Vampire widow by the name of Catherine, seeking a child after the death of her beloved. He took Tom to her in the hopes of a reward which he got in the form of fifty thousand British pound sterling, but it was only moments of after payment did Tom cry causing lighting to strike and a storm to brew; at that moment both him and Catherine knew of Tom Wizard heritage. 
Dean Alexandra sought to end the meeting and added ‘Then it’s settled, the school will continue on and Professor Watson will ask on our behalf that Captain Warlock comes to our aid. Tomorrow we will tell the students that there is nothing wrong and they should not expect another disruption, Good Day everybody’.
The Professor X left the room while thinking of what happened to his daughter; making a silent vow that it wouldn’t happen again.
The following day, the students had been woken up by their mirror images from bed with a message from the Dean; ‘There is nothing to worry about as the situation that occurred yesterday has been resolved, thus carry on as if nothing had happened.’
Tom and Kate started off for class when they met Lilly and Xian in the corridor ‘Did you guys hear what the Dean said’ Kate asked 
‘Yea, it’s all political blubbering, they’re not going to announce that there is a killer Phantom in the school’ Lilly said 
‘We must do something’ Tom uttered
‘That is what we need, a real hero amongst our mist; now we just need to find a tall handsome guy to take the lead, no offense Tom, but you’re not that guy’ Kate answered his statement.
They arrived in room 1017 for their class with Professor Hilbert, Professor of Magic Transformation. He is a gray haired werewolf with a gray mustache on his face; claw scars on either side of his cheek, gave him a warrior edge image. 
‘Welcome to transformation class, were you will learn to transform into your true forms’ Professor Hilbert said 
‘Our true forms Professor’ Tom asked
‘Yes Tom, you see every magical creature has a true form; the true form comes back from the begging of the magic dimension as the creatures began to get grip of their magical powers. They developed a type of default state in which they can use their full powers.’ The Professor began to walk back and forth in front of the class as he continued, ‘every untrained creature such as yourselves has a phase that triggers the transformation; but on occasions it can be forced upon your, such as the full moon for us Werewolves and the scent of blood for you Vampires. Not being able to control these transformations can make a difference in your life’. 
‘Our lives Professor’ Tom asked from his desk again.       
‘Stand up for us Tom’ the Professor requested of Tom.
Which he did as the Professor continued ‘repeat after me, Wizard Arise’; upon repeating the Professor Tom began to fell a gust of energy coursing through his body, as a magical stream of blue light began to circle and transforming him. 
He looked at himself, gone where the black jeans and blue shirt, as he stood there in a green robe and holding a red wand in his right hand.  
‘You are now transformed Tom. How does it feel’ the Professor asked, ‘It feels amazing, I have never felt like this before’ he answered. 
‘Yes I’m sure that’s true Tom, but remember one thing’ the Professor said before he transformed into a gray werewolf that pounced on Tom. 
Its sharp big teeth in Toms face, as saliva dripped onto Toms face ‘never ever lose concentration or it will be cut short, as well as your life’ he uttered to Tom as his eyes turned towards Toms’ robe where the Professor noticed that the Wizards mark on Toms’ rob was different from the usual mark seen in the books; for fifth star representing the Wizard of Death that stood in the middle, was missing and replaced by something he did not know. ‘Let’s continue with the class Professor Abraham stated. 
At the docks of the school, the full moon, with Captain Warlock docked besides the school; this old ship with a statue of a cobra at either side of the helm and a mast made of dragon teeth was an amazing sight for the eyes. 
Captain Warlock walked off the moon colour ship; wearing his equally famous captains’ hat, made from the death cobra of India that he had killed years ago and was greeted by Professor Watson.
‘What be the news old friend’ Captain Warlock asked
‘This hooded figure has had a bad effect on our side business old friend’ Professor Watson said. 
‘Surly it is not that bad’ Captain Warlock said
‘Of course not’ quickly replied the Professor only to carry on, ‘its’ far worse, the Dean has had to enact several new security precautions around the school. Stealing artifacts was hard before, but now it has become somewhat dangerous.’
Captain Warlock uttered a laugh in face of Professor Watson before speaking ‘well then, I believe it’s’ time to start new scam somewhere else, pity, but before we leave there is still one artifact we must acquire at all cost.’
Professor Watson looks at the Captain with confusion and asks ‘what artifact, and did you not hear me, this place now has more security then a giants kitchen; we will never get whatever it is out of here so long as the hooded possess a threat.’   
‘Then I believe that it’s time for this hooded character to meet the afterlife’ Captain Warlock says with a tremendous laugh following.


CHAPTER 4: Learn to survive
Tom, Kate, Xian and Lilly entered the room 1001 for their class with Professor X.
 Professor X looked at the students entering the class one after another; it reminded him of his daughter and the first day she walked into his class. ‘I may have failed to protector her, but I will not fell them’, he thought to himself.
‘Welcome back students, today we look at something the Dean would not approve, but I believe must be covered’ he began with a purpose. ‘The hooded figure has been tormenting this school for many years and no one had ever done a thing about it. Well that ends here and now; last week I asked what the purpose of this class was and today I tell you it’s here to teach you to battle’. ‘Teleport-Class’ he casts with his staff striking the ground, sending all the students to a giant room filled with a vast array of training equipment. ‘Welcome to Victoria Tower, where Sir Charles Barry had created the Room of War’ he said, as the kids looked in all directions with excitement. ‘This room will teach all of you, all that you will need to know to defend yourselves from any attack’ Professor X said.
‘Kate’ Professor X called 
‘Yes’ she answered 
‘As the only fairy in my class I’ll start with you. Transform into your true form’ The Professor asked of her. 
She clapped her hands twice while saying ‘Fairy-Fantasy-Form’ and began to transform into a sun fairy; with bright orange and long hair, a bright yellow top with matching shorts and pink boots to follow; but what was most amazing was her wings that appeared to show the night twinkling stars. 
‘Werewolves you’re next, transform’ the Professor instructed as Dax and Willow steeped forward and began their transformation. 
‘Werewolf-Howl’ they uttered as they made their transformation; absorbing their cloths through the skin, as they released their fur hair of black and white, a marking of a young wolf; their hands and feet changed to paws as they finished their transformation with a great Howl.
‘Xian your next’ Professor X said, as Xian stepped forward and uttered ‘Ghost-Connect’. She began to fade slightly and developed red eyes; her pink hair had also changed to a bright green. 
The students were shocked and so was Professor X as he mumbled ‘How did you, When did you?’ 
‘My father while on an expedition in Africa stole a charm from a witch doctor, who in turn cast a charm on me and that’s how I became this, half ghost half witch.’ Xian explained to everyone
‘Can’t it be undone’ Kate asked 
‘No’ she answered, ‘the witch doctor died before my father could reach him and it’s believed he took the charm to the afterlife’ she continued, 
‘Professor isn’t there something that can be done’ asks Tom 
‘If what she says is true then no Tom, it would take a very powerful charm to break this and none are present that I know of’ he explains, but then turns to Tom, ‘but a very powerful Wizard could break it’ he continued.
Silence enters the class before Lilly says ‘So are we transforming or what’ standing to the left of the class having transformed into a full Vampire with green eyes, elongated nails, fangs and enhanced vision and hearing. 
‘Well done Lilly, transforming while not uttering the words is an advanced stage; perhaps you be kind enough to go through the first challenge’ the Professor says just to have Dean Alexandra enter the room accompanied by Captain Warlock and Professor Watson.
Dean Alexandra asks ‘What are you doing Professor X’ just to have Professor Watson intrude, ‘He’s teaching them to fight and revolt against you Dean Alexandra, if I may suggest expelling our esteemed Professor X without pay’ he says with a smirk on his face as he looks towards Professor X 
Professor X answers the accusation ‘your level of idiosyncrasy amazes me Professor Watson, I was simply showing the students that the can achieve greatness and what better way then here, where every great warrior once trained; surely a Fairy of your statue would understand’ with an equally smirked face towards Professor Watson.
Captain Warlock enters the argument, ‘I have to agree with the fine Professor X on this matter’ causing a look from Professor Watson to his old friend, ‘even if his training them to revolt against you he won’t succeed, not while the great Captain Warlock is in this school’     
‘Very well then, carry-on’ said the Dean as he left with the Professor and Captain. 
‘Now where were we’ the Professor X says as he continues to teach the students. 
Meanwhile in a corner of one of corridors Professor Watson and Captain Warlock meet.
‘What are you trying to pull here?’ angrily Professor Watson asks Captain Warlock
 ‘You should learn to be patient old friend and besides, supporting the initiative to capture the hooded is good in our favor; as it keeps the most open eyed Professor X out of our business.’ he answers as he turns his head both way to make sure none are around. ‘Remember the statue of Venus you couldn’t get me as it was too dangerous to move with the Professor X about’ Captain Warlock utters, catching the Professor off guard as he tries to read his mind.
‘That’s the artifact you were referring to earlier, that’s the one you want to steal’ Professor Watson asks. 
‘Well with this hooded character making the school distracted, they would never noticed it gone would they’ Captain Warlock answers with a smile as he continued, ‘vision it old friend, the statue of Venus, pride of the Fairy world, pure Gold’. He comes closer to Professor Watsons’ ear to whisper, ‘we will be set for life’ 
‘When will we do it’ Professor Watson asks with excitement on his face, ‘just be ready, it can happen at any time. Now I must prepare, plus it will give this hooded phantom a chance to prove the power it has against me and my werewolf-howl’ he says, as he transforms into a silver werewolf running through the corridors of the school before transporting to the top of the clock tower and unleashes a great Howl causing all the dogs of London to do the same. 


CHAPTER 5: We now live here
A several weeks had passed since the last attack by the hooded phantom and the kids were waking up on a Saturday morning when a message came from the Dean, ‘good morning students, insight of the current calm conditions at our school, restrictions on the amount activities to be carried out by our students is here by lifted and students my move about freely. Have a good day going about your business.’
Kate jumps out of her bed and begins to change. Tom also gets up and prepares himself for the day. They both meet down stairs where Kate with large smile on her face jumps up and down in excitement shouting over and over, ‘we are finally goanna explorer’. Tom couldn’t help but roll his eyes before asking his mirror image, ‘hey ITom, what can we do today’, but before ITom could respond Kate interrupts
‘Don’t you dare say anything; I have been planning this day for a long time now I will not have it hijacked by you two conniving dummies.’
Tom and ITom stare at each other before Tom responds, ‘so what are we going to do’. 
‘Let’s just say that we are going to explore everything’, 
‘Hugh’ Tom replies before Kate grabs his hand the drags him through the door and teleports them to a Snow-Castle-Victoria. 
Its’ a large castle always covered in snow from top to bottom surrounded by a forest of trees. ‘Come on’ Kate shouts as she runs off, followed by Tom as they run off to play in the snow.
After an hour playing at the castle Kate transports them to Mermaid-Lake where they surf the waves with the Mermaids before running off to Mt. Olympus, were they try to climb the mountain before Tom gets struck with air sickness forcing them to leave for streets of London, where they mingle among the people, as they go sightseeing before deciding to enter Jewells’ tea shop. The smell of fresh tea and cakes fills their noises as the inhale a deep breath, before sitting at a table next to the window overseeing the street.
‘This has been a wonderful day’ Kate says as Tom responds with a nod from his head in agreement. 
‘What will you, be having loves’ the waiter asks them, 
‘Tea with sponge cakes’ Tom answers, ‘and make sure the cake is warm’ he continued. 
Kate in amazement asks Tom, ‘you like warm sponge cakes’,
‘Not really’ he replies causing Kate to stare with an expression of what on her face. Tom picking the expression explains ‘I know that you like them and you planned the day, it’s’ the least I could contribute to the day.’ 
Kate lowers her face in shyness, wondering of what to say next; only to be interrupted by Lilly. 
‘Isn’t this cutie, the Fairy and Wizard tasting the sweet taste of cake’ Lilly says as both Tom and Kate turn their heads towards her, only to see Xian pop her head from behind her. 
‘Hi’ Xian says as Lilly sits next to Tom in a flirty manner, causing Kate to boil all over.
‘How did you manage to move in daylight’ Tom asks 
‘Didn’t Kate tell, you Tom’ Lilly answers. ‘Xian, sit next to Kate as I tell the story of the Vamps’ she says while looking Kate, dead in the eye with a smirk on her face. ‘You see Tom’ she starts while moving closer to him, ‘about ninety yes ago my great grandfather Drake Vamp went to Africa on an exhibition to find a lost bat of legend called the Vivian-Bat of sunshine. Its’ the only bat the can fly high in the sky in broad daylight. It was the belief of my grandfather that if he could find this bat he could find, its’ secrete to surviving the sun. He found it at the Cape of Good Hope, but it was fast as the wind and my father chased it all the north past a river called Zambezi, to the escarpment called Mulungushi. There he found a pit like no other; it was dark at the bottom and seemed endless. He did what any Vamp would do when faced with the unknown, he jumped.’ 
‘What happened next’ Tom asked, 
‘Well according to legend, my grandfather fell for four hours before hitting the floor, where he found Bat-City. It was full of bats of every kind and standing at the top of them all was the Vivian-Bat, with its’ super black skin and white eyes, it saw my grandfather and flew as fast as the wind, biting him on the neck. We Vamps from then forth could walk in the sunlight.’
‘Wow’ exclaimed Tom ‘that was simply amazing, don’t you think so Kate’ he asked only to find Kate respond with sarcasm 
‘Yea, especially like the part of the bat stood when bats legs can’t support standing’ she utters thrusting herself back on the chair,
‘It was a metaphor’ Lilly answers slamming her hand on the table. 
‘Ho look cake’ Xian says as the waiter brings the order, ‘will there be anything else’ the waiter asks 
‘No, our friends were just leaving’ Kate answers, 
‘Come on Kate, you don’t mean that’ Tom said to her. ‘Your right Tom, bring us an extra cup of tea and sponge cake for Xian here and a steak with extra garlic for that over there’ she says 
‘We don’t sell meat here’ the waiter replies
‘Who said anything about meat’ Kate angrily corrects the order. 
‘Just bring us two of the same please’ Tom orders the waiter,
 ‘Yes sir I will’ he answers, as he leaves whispering to himself, ‘I should probably call an undertaker for the poor boy.’
The kids dine at the Tea shop for an hour before heading back to the school were Lilly behind Kate’s’ back, asks Tom to a party at midnight. Tom agrees to the party and now has to find a way to ditch Kate. He ponders on several ideas as he walks with Kate along the corridors
‘What are you thinking about Tom’ Kate asks 
‘Nothing Kate, I’m just tired that’s all’ he answers before a floating bubble hovers in front of him. ‘What’s this he asks’ he asks, 
‘It’s a bubble message bubble; aka the BMB, just pop it to hear the message inside’.
Tom reaches out to pop the bubble to hear Lilly’s voice, ‘I can’t wait for tonight Tom, its goanna be special’ she says, causing Tom to quickly turn to Kate ‘I’m sorry Kate I was meaning to tell you’ he utters before Kate answering 
‘Tell me what’. 
Tom stands there in complete dumbness and asks ‘didn’t you hear the message’, 
‘No, only the receiver can hear the message’ she answers, as Tom catches a deep breath in relief. 
‘What did it say’ Kate asks, 
‘It’s nothing, just a reminder to take a book to the library that’s all; come on, we better get on moving.’
At the stroke of midnight, Tom got up from his bed and walked down the stairs slowly, so as to not wake up Kate. As he approached the mirror door Kate’s image popped in front of him, giving a fright. 
‘Where are you going at this time’ she asked 
‘None of your business’ Tom softly answered 
‘Then you don’t mind me waking up Kate’ she said, before ITom jumping her from behind, covering her mouth 
‘Go man, go’ shouted ITom, as Tom rushed through the door.
He arrived at the party, to be greeted by pop rock music being blasted all round him, as he looked for Lilly; turning around and around until she popped in front of him causing his second fright of the night. 
‘Are you ok’ she asked 
‘Yes, I ‘am just great’ he answered, as he began to dance to the music. 
Tom and Lilly danced for no less than 5 minutes when Kate walked in and shouted with a muzzling tone ‘Tom Bell, you are the worst friend a girl could ever have. I can’t believe you left for this party without me and to add insult with that ugly thing’, 
Lilly became as angry as an anguished dog. ‘What did you say you little rat’ she shouts
‘You heard me’ Kate answered as Lilly now walks towards her with Tom trying to hold her back. 
‘Say it to my face’ she tells Kate as they now stand face to face and toe to toe, before Tom jumps in between them 
‘Now ladies, there is no need to fight over me; there is plenty of me to go around’ he says to the both of them before they burst into laughs along with the crowd at the party. 
‘I told you he would think that we liked him’ Lilly says in laughter at which point Tom realises that he had been duped into this prank by the girls and leaves the room with laughs behind him.


Chapter 6: Know the secret 
Tom having left the party, walks slowly through the corridors in despair back to his dorm room only to be whispered to, ‘secretes are hidden, secretes are kept’. It was the same voice he had earlier heard, when first arrived at the school. Tom searches left to right, for the mystery speaker and shouts ‘is someone there’.
   ‘Seek the truth in the room of knowledge; ask for what is truly acknowledged’ it said to Tom. Tom continued to the dorm room with the riddle continually passing his mind until he realises ‘it’s the library; the room of knowledge is the library’ he says to himself before turning around and teleporting there.
He teleports into the library room where he finds himself alone with hundreds of thousands of books in the shelves. He sits at the table, where he greeted by the library keeper known as the ‘liber’ as its face presses from the table. 
‘Mr. Bell what book do you seek’ liber asks
‘A Wizard book’ he answers 
‘I have in my library thousands of books on Wizards, which of these do you ask for’ liber asks Tom.
Tom now finds himself lost; he has no idea what book to call for and must now solve the remainder of the riddle given to him. He recites the last part of the riddle over and over in his mind until remembering what Professor X once taught in class; about every creature having their place in the magic dimension acknowledge in a book of their own, that was hidden to all but members of that creature. 
‘I call the book of my creature’s acknowledgment’ he says.
Liber disappears back into the table as the library begins to shake; as a new shelf comes out from the ceiling. A book falls from it straight onto the table at the far end and begins to slide towards Tom. The book arrives at Toms seat where he picks it up; ‘The Wizards Book of Secretes’ it says to Tom in the voice he earlier heard, ‘will reveal secrets to the user when the user has a need of them’. 
Tom try’s to open the book, but fails as he uses all of his might to push it open unaware of the hooded phantom approaching him from behind. The phantom approaches Tom from behind raising his black charm towards Tom only to have Professor X jump through the shelf in front of Tom towards the phantom 
‘Blazing-Staff’ he cast with his staff striking the phantom through the shelves behind. The Professor chases towards the phantom only to find a pile of books.
‘Professor X’ Tom shouts as he rushes towards him, ‘Thank you’ he says, but Professor X is preoccupied with finding the phantom that he hardly notices Toms’ gratitude. 
Professors and students at the party all rush to the library to see what the commotion is about. 
‘What happened here’ Professor Abraham asks as Professor Watson and Captain Warlock enter the library. 
‘It was the phantom, it was after Tom’ Professor X says 
‘The phantom, impossible; our security is tight’ answers Captain Warlock 
‘Then I guess the security needs a recheck’ responds Professor X. 
‘Tom what are you doing here’ Professor Watson inquires of Tom 
‘I was getting a book’ Tom replies 
‘What book’ Professor Watson inquires again, 
‘This one’ Tom replies, as he shows the book causing a big gasp from the Professors including a now very attentive Professor X.
 ‘The Wizards Book of Secretes’ Professor Watson says, ‘give it to me’ he shouts as he reaches out to grab it, only to have Professor X block his path 
‘That belongs to a Wizard and a Wizard only’ he informs Professor Watson. 
‘Out of my way X’ Professor Watson says in a threatening manner only to have Professor X respond, ‘move me if you can’. 
The tension in the room reaches fever pitch as Dean Alexandra teleports in, ‘what are these student doing in here’ he shouts causing a stair in everyone but Professor Watson and X 
‘The Phantom has returned’ answered Kate, ‘and tried to attack Tom’ she continued. 
The Dean turned towards Tom and the Professors who were in a stare down, ‘what are you two doing’ he asks of the professors as he walks towards them 
‘Tom Bell has in his possession the Wizards Book of Secretes’ Professor Watson begins, ‘and this fool will not allow me to confiscate it for safe keeping’ he shouts with anger while pointing a figure at Professor X. 
‘The book, is a book of creatures and as such belong to a member of that creature and the last time I checked Tom is the last Wizard creature there is’ Professor X began to answer before finishing with this words, ‘that book belongs to a Wizard and only a Wizard’.
‘Professor X is right Professor Watson, the book belongs to Tom and you should leave it at that’ Dean Alexandra declares, only to have Professor Watson burst after the book using a movement spell to move Professor X out of the way. He starches his hand to grab the book only to have a burst of energy flash out of it, striking him backwards to the ground. 
The book leaves Tom, floats to the center of the room as it glows a bright passion red; the voice that called out to Tom with the riddle speaks out again, ‘this book of secrets belongs to the Wizard Tom and only to him do I reveal my secrets, call upon me when you truly need me the most, I’m forever at your service’. The Wizards book burst into a giant fire ball emitting a blind light forcing every to cover their eyes. The book vanished into thin air, leaving everyone shocked.  
‘All students, return to your dorms until tomorrow’s classes and I will see you Professor Watson in my office right now’ Dean Alexandra utters as the students start to head off to their dorms. 
‘Tom, are you alright’ asks Kate as the group surround Tom 
‘I’m fine, but the book is gone’ he replies 
‘No, it just waiting for call upon it’ answers Xian. 
Tom lefts his head to the ceiling, ‘but how am I supposed to call it’ he asks. 
‘We will figure it out later, but for now we have to go to our rooms’ Lilly said as they begin to walk away, closely watched over by Professor X who in turn is unaware of the Phantom closely watching over them all, from the shadows of the library.  


Chapter 7: Game On
Two weeks had passed from the library incident; Tom and Kate were in the fields of grass, a Fantasy Room within the school when Dax and the Wolf-Force showed up.
‘Is it my imagination or is the last Wizard looking a little bit extinct’ Dax says as he and his crew fall in laughter. 
‘Why don’t you shut up’ Kate screams as she stands up, 
‘You better learn to control your girlfriend Wizard or perhaps I should do it for you’ Dax says with a smirk on his face causing Kate to get angry,
 ‘Why you peace Giant spit, you dare utter such words, you will regret it’ she shouts at him.
‘Is that so little Fairy, then why don’t we make it interesting; I challenge you and your Wizard boyfriend to Wiz-ball, if I win, you have to be with me for the remainder of the semester as my Fairy slave’ Dax challenges Kate. 
Kate is taken back with Daxs’ challenge, she thinks to herself that it would be stupid to except such a challenge from the Wolf-Force, but before she could decline Lilly jumps in 
‘We accept that challenge, but if you lose, you and your crew has to run the corridors of the whole school naked’ Lilly said
‘We agree; see you at the stadium tomorrow’ Dax answers, as the Wolf Force turns and walks away while Kate shouts ‘no we don’t accept’ looking back and forth between the Wolf Force and Lilly
‘What are you thinking we can never beat them’ Kate shouts at Lilly.
‘Then you better get a maids’ costume’ Lilly answers. ‘We have do this, those idiots are going around the school like the own it’ Lilly continues as she begins to recount the bad thing the Wolf Force had done. ‘They got Kelvin the Giant and they shoved him into a Dwarf toilet, don’t ask me how but they did; Jacob the Vampire, they him took outside and gave him a sun burn; Iren the Witch, they bleached her green skin white and not to mention the fact they like to put everyone down every chance they get’ Lilly ended with a burning determination in her eyes, as she looked down at Tom; ‘and besides the school is already full of rumors about the Guardian Giovanni Battista Morgagni prophesy’
‘What prophesy’ Kate asked
‘Guardian Giovanni Battista Morgagni was the head of The Guards of Faith. They are a council formed when the Wizards vanished a hundred years. There were dark times Tom, chaos was every, so Guardian Giovanni made a speech to all magical dimensions in the hopes of calming everything down.’ Xian said as she began to recite the speech.
‘My fellow magical creatures, a dark day has been thrown on us; as the Wizards have vanished from the magic dimensions and their own dimension no longer seems to exist. Many of you seem to be with fear, but I say to you that fear belongs in the dimension of the abyss; never to be forgotten, but never to be reached. I have had a prophesy, in the darkest hour of the need of all magical creatures under a single roof;  a Wizard will return to restore the light, hope and the courage of all who lose it. For now, we, The Guards of Faith will stand guard over the dimensions day and night, until the return of the Wizards.’
Xian ended the speech and took a deep breath before kneeing before Tom, ‘this school is the only place in the magic dimensions that all magical creatures stand under one roof and the Hooded Phantom is by far the school darkest hour’ she said to Tom.
‘Just look around Tom, despite it being the greatest green field you can ever ask for, no one is here’ Lilly said to Tom after which Kate added 
‘She’s right Tom, everyone is so scared nowadays to even walk to classes’
‘Then why you do something about it Lilly’ Tom asked
‘Because the Wizard book of Secrets didn’t choose me, because I’m not a Wizard, but above all; there is something about you Tom, I felt it the first day I saw. When I walked through that mirror and you stood there, I felt that something I had been searching for was standing there. For the love of magic dimensions Tom, creatures across the dimensions are looking for hope and right now, that hope is you’ Lilly says.
Tom is overcome by their words and stands up, ‘ok, I agree, but we still need another member for the game tomorrow and not to mention the training’
‘We can train right away and of the other player, I think I know someone for that role’ Xian answered with a smile on her face.
Game day came as the stadium was full to capacity. The Professors and Dean Alexandra occupied the brick box, as much excitement could be felt all around.
In the dressing room, the gang got together
‘Wait, where is Xian?’ asked Tom
 ‘She said she was getting the last member of the team today’ answered Lilly as Xian and the fifth member walked in.
A white haired guy with white shoes black jeans and red shirt stood in front of them and they remembered him from the first match that Kate and Tom saw and from Professor X’s class. 
‘Guys, this is Willow, he is a Werewolf not to particularly fond of Dax and the Wolf-Force; so I believe he would make a great member to the Team’ says Xian. 
‘Welcome to the team’ Tom says as he starches his hand in greeting, only to have Willow turn it down 
‘I’m not here to join a team; I just want my chance at Dax and his gang. So let’s keep it simple’
A Wiz pops into the room and asks, ‘by what name am I to announce you by’, 
The gang is taken by surprise, as they never thought of a name for their team. Xian lefts her hand, ‘I know’ and skips to the Wiz to whispers in his ears the name of the teams. 
‘Very well’ utters the Wiz as the he pops off. 
‘What did you tell him’ ask Kate,
‘You will see’ Xian answers, as a horn blows. 
‘Its’ time’ Lilly says, ‘Tom take the lead’ 
Tom leads the team onto the pitch, as the Wiz announces to the crowd, ‘magical creatures of all kinds, walking onto the pitch for their first ever Ra-ball match; The Destined Five’. A large row fills the stadium, and now their adversaries, the undefeated Wolf-Force.’
The Wolf-Force entre the stadium in their Werewolf forms. Howling individually until they reach the center of the stadium, where they all unleash a great howl together that rocks the stadium. 
‘Teams, to your positions’ utter the Wiz. 
Willow occupies the Gatekeeper’s position while Kate, Lilly and Xian occupy the Pillars position leaving Tom with the Strikers position.
The row from the crowd grows and grows as Jack Bond the black bold Zardlin starts his radio broadcast on the match via magic wave radio, transmitting to the headsets in the stadium, being worn by all who care to listen.
‘Welcome everybody to this special event as the Destined Five take on the Wolf-Force in a first ever match. Now I don’t need to tell you that the Wolf-Force, have never been defeated in this arena, but the Destined Five have an ace up their sleeve in the form of Tom, the first ever Wizard to play the game, one can only imagine what he will do in this match. I Jack Bond will bring this match live thanks to magic dream, if you need a dream than magic dream is the pill for you’. ‘The match is about to start and the Destined Five have the ball thanks to coin toss won by Tom, could this be a sign of what is to come I wonder. Willow passes the ball to Xian who is blocked by Wolf-Force’s Goth who is standing tall, so she passes it to Kate who is also blocked by Felix and now she passes to Lilly, the fierily Vampire who now faces Keith. She twist and turns with the ball and jumps, Keith follows her, but wait it was Lilly’s’ shadow deception, she is still on the ground and passes it to Tom who picks it up’. 
Tom faced Richard the Gatekeeper pondering what action to undertake when he out of instinct gently lefts the ball over his head with his left hand and casts, ‘Flam-Of-Ra’ thrusting the ball towards Richard with a burning flame. Richard smirks at the flame and catches the ball with his right hand showing little sign of effort to this task casing, Jack Bond to commit, ‘well it looks like the Wizard skills, at the game are as legendary as his kind; extinct.’
Richard throws the ball to Goth who uses a Werewolf Howl to pass it to Felix, who also unleashes a Howl causing the ball to zoom pass Kate to Dax who adds to it, his Howl thrusting the ball towards Willow who despite trying to stop it with his own Howl, is hit by the ball drugging him through the Gate along with it,
 Dax mocks Willow, ‘is the little dog down already’ angering him
The crowd rows as Jack Bond continues his comments, ‘well, this is a story we have come to watch once too often, the Wolf-Force in the lead and in charge’
‘Come on guys, we can do it’ shouts Xian as Willow passes the ball to Lilly who tries to sneak the ball past Richard only to have Richard block and blast the ball past Lilly with a Werewolf-Slash. Dax picks it and with a smile on his face strikes using a Werewolf-Stalk causing the ball to zigzag in all directions before passing past Willow.
‘Another goal for the Wolf-Force, this is the script from the history books’ Jack Bond says as Dax again torments Willow 
‘You are as pathetic as your family’ which angered Willow.
‘Why you dirty dog’ shouts Willow as he transforms and attacks Dax, causing the gang to hold him back.
‘2 Fouls, 2 goals to the Wolf-Force’ declares the Empire-Wiz
‘It looks like a Ra-Wash to me fans and any hope for the Destined Five have just gone down the drain’ Jack Bond broadcasts. 
‘What was that’ asks Lilly
‘He made me angry’ answered Willow
‘That is no excuse to transform and attack; you just caused us two points’
‘Everybody, I know that this looks bad; if the Wolf-Force scores another goal its over’ Tom said
‘It’s already over Tom; no team has ever recovered from a deficit like this one’ Xian sadly said
‘No, I don’t believe that. You came to me because you saw something, you saw hope. We will win this match, but only if we pull together. Willow, an attack on Dax will last a moment, but a defeat; it will last forever. Now, let’s get out there and win this’ Tom said with determination. He had no idea that his determination was a natural Wizard instinct, expressed when most needed.
Willow passes the ball to Xian, who after receiving a node from Tom, spins around with it before unleashing it with her transparency attack; Goth tries to catch it, but the Ra-ball simply passes through him and arrives to Tom. ‘Trick-Treat’ Tom conjures, as he sends the ball straight at Richard, who catches it
‘Is that all you go Wizard’ Richard asks
‘Nope’ answers Tom, as the ball melts in Richard’s hands, before travelling along his hands to his back, where it reassembles itself before passing the goal line.
‘Did we just see that’ Jack Bond says in shock, as the crowd goes wild
Richard passes the ball to Keith, who tries to use his werewolf-howl to pass it past Lilly, but catches it.
‘Triple-threat’ she strikes, sending three balls past Keith and Tom; all the way to Richard who panics over which ball to go after.
‘A pillar has just scored; this is something I would have never thought possible had I not seen it’ Jack Bond with amazement said
Richard uses his Werewolf-howl to send the ball over everyone’s head, straight to Dax
‘This is the legendary Werewolf-Howl, Dax jumps to meet it. He howls, sending the ball straight towards Willow, who doesn’t have chance; wait, Willow deflects the howl with one of his own. The ball is blazing across the pitch as Kate, now Tom and even Richard jump out of the way; goal. The crowd is going wild; this could be the comeback of the game’ Jack Bond uttered
A wink to Dax from Willow enrages the young wolf. Richard passes to Goth, who passes to Felix. Felix twist and turns, trying to shake Kate off, long enough for a pass.
‘Kate; werewolf’s are sensitive to light’ Lilly advised her
‘Blind-light’ she strikes, causing Felix to drop the ball, that rows into Kate’s zone. ‘Solar-Storm’ she stroke, transforming the ball into a blazing sun, that travels straight to Tom
‘Double trouble’ Tom conjures, doubling the solar-storm strikes power
‘Werewolf-howl’ Richard utters, trying to stop the strike, but to no use as he jumps out of the way when the heat intensifies.
‘We stand at four-all people and the temperature is hitting sky high; one of these teams must give in, but the question is who.’
Richard passes to Goth, who tries to confuse Xian with a howl torment, but it doesn’t work. Xian intercepts the pass.
‘Tom; you might want to move out of the way’ she warned, ‘stop this wolf; dead-undead’ she strikes sending the Ra-ball with ghosts for company. The ghosts scream and howl; striking fear into Richard, such that he doesn’t move.
The stadium stands still as Jack Bond screams, ‘they did the impossible twice in one night, The Destined Five, are the victors today; watch them celebrate, as the crowd goes wild with excitement’
Sounds of whistle’s, hoots and cheers are head in the corridors the following day 
‘What is that’ Kate asked Tom and Xian before Lilly appeared, ‘have you forgotten Kate’ she says before the Wolf-Force appear in their birth day suits; running past them’
‘Oh yah and I without my vision glass’ Kate responded
‘Don’t worry; I had a friend of mine use a Google spell on them’
‘Google; as in the human company Google’ Tom enquires
‘Yes, I like Google’
‘How can you like Google, you’re a Vampire’ Kate asks
‘Ok; I on occasions use Google plus to socialize; my dimension isn’t that social, if you know what I mean’
‘Speaking of social, where is Willow?’
‘He is in the Room of War’ answered Xian
‘Should we pay him a visit?’ Tom said
‘Why the hell not, it is not like we have something to do’
‘I will catch up with you guys later’ Xian said
‘Sure thing’ Lilly replied, as they headed for the Room of War 


Chapter 8: The Fifth Has Joined
Willow while in the room of war, practicing as hard as he could the technique of the transformation is unaware of Dax transporting in.
‘So, the fallen Werewolf seeks to impress the world by joining a Wizard’ he uttered, as he slowly walks towards Willow, who now expressing a scene of discontent on his face 
‘You are unwelcomed Dax, leave before it is too late for you’ Willow threatens
 ‘Is this what has become of the house of Grey? Threatening in the present of friendship’ Dax says with a smile on his face, as he continues ‘How is it that you are still alive, did you run from the house as your family was slaughtered? Or did you beg the Hex-Clan for mercy on your bended knees’.
With anger burning inside Willow screams with a howling tone ‘Werewolf-Howl’ transforming into a werewolf charging Dax, who also transforms into a werewolf. 
Their fight begins to grow fiercer, as the bite and scratch one another, until they both start to unleash their full Werewolf powers.
‘Inner-shine’ Dax howls, as his eyes glow and unleashes a powerful flame from his mouth, but misses Willow as he jumps onto Dax 
‘Forgotten claws’ he howls, as his claws extended and struck Dax causing the young wolf to fall to the ground with Willow on top of him
‘Go ahead; do-it’ Dax says, daring Willow to end his life, but as Willow ponders his opportunity Lilly, Tom and Kate transport in 
‘Woe what’s going on here’ Kate asks 
‘There not fighting over you if that’s what your hopping for’ Lilly answers.
Willow transforms back to normal and stands on top of Dax, ‘We were just practicing’ he answers as he walks towards them unaware of Daxs anger in defeat 
‘Slash-Claws’ Dax howls as he charges towards Willow with his back turned, but before he could strike Lilly steps in between them
‘Forever-shield’ she invokes, blocking Daxs’ strike with a big blue wall shielding. ‘Some training you guys have here, but keep me out of it, that is, if you want to leave alive’ she says before pushing Dax away. 
Dax transforms back to his normal self, ‘this isn’t over Grey, you will join your pathetic family one of this days’ he yells as he transports out of the room. 
‘What was that about Willow’ Lilly asks 
‘None of your business’ he answers rather rudely. 
‘OK then I will just take the thank you for saving your life’ she says with an expression of disgruntlement on her face. 
‘I would have stopped it’ he shouts in Lilly’s face. 
‘Should we stop this’ Tom whispers to Kate 
‘No way, it just getting good’ she answers back. 
‘But what if they fight?’ Tom asks 
‘In that case, you better hope for her cloths to be ripped off’ she whispers back to Tom. 
Tom thinks about what Kate had just said causing an excitement to pass through his mind; causing his blood to flow faster and faster unaware that Vampires can scene this, as it causes a feeding frenzy among them. 
Lilly felt Toms blood flow and started to walk towards Tom with thrust in her eyes, as she could not help but think how testy he would be and as of Tom, he was wondering why Lilly was coming towards him causing his blood to flow faster and faster just to be interrupted by Xian transporting in. 
‘You guys’ she starts while out of breath, ‘there has been another attack, Its Dax, the Hooded has taken Dax’ she says, ‘down at Mermaid Lake’ she tells them. 
The kids ran to Mermaid Lake where Dax was taken to find a horrified sight, as the Mermaids laid on the beach dead. The Dean, Captain Warlock and Professor Watson and X transport onto the beach 
‘What the Magic happened here’ the Dean asks. 
Tamara a girl that was with Dax describes the event. ‘We were just walking along the beach, when the Hooded come out of nowhere and grabbed Dax, he tried to fight back but he was knocked out by some kind of spell and when the Mermaids tried to help the Hooded casted a spell and they just stopped and fell to the ground’
‘What kind of spell did the hooded cast’ Professor Watson asks, ‘was it witches spell, a fairy spell what girl!!’ he shouts demanding an answer from her.
‘It was a Wizard spell Professor’ she answers him with fear expression on her face 
‘How you can be sure’ Captain Warlock asks the girl, 
‘She’s telling the truth’ Professor X says as he inspects one of the Mermaid bodies lying there. ‘It was the forbidden spell of death that Wizards were known to cast in order to kill their enemies, friends, families’ Professor X adds with disgust on his face.
But it was Tom face that said it all; could it be; could there be another.
‘Student return to your dorms, as of this moment, travelling outside the school is forbidden Dean’ Alexandra shouts throughout the school, ‘and as of you Mr. Bell I will see you in my office’ he continues 
‘Surely you’re not suggesting that he did it’ Professor X interrupts 
‘Why the hell not, He had time and Motive’ Professor Watson adds 
‘That’s not true Professor, he was with us the whole time it happened’ Kate shouts at Professor Watson’s assertion 
‘She lying Professor’ Tamara shouts, ‘Dax told me of a fight he had with that gang just moments we meet at the beach’ she adds 
‘Enough’ Dean Alexandra shouts, ‘We will resolve this in time, as for now go to your dorms and stay there. 
‘Yeah, the guilty party or parties will be caught, as sure as I’m Captain Warlock’ he says.
At Lilly and Xian’s Dorm, the kids gather together; 
‘What just happened, one moment we are in the room of war and next we are on a beach surrounded by dead Mermaids and being proclaimed murderers’ Kate says, as she walks in circles.
‘We have nothing to hide, so stop your anxiously and sit down’ Lilly said.
‘It doesn’t take much for bad things to happen’ Willow spook, ‘My family was hunted down and destroyed by a clan; Dax’s family clan were our allies, but they never came to our aide. I was just a boy when it happened, I can barely remember my mother’s smell; what I would do for a smell of my mother. I didn’t do it, but I’m happy it happened’
‘You don’t mean that’ Xian said
‘But I Do’ he answered back, as he began to leave the room
‘Wait, we should stick together, that blabber mouth Tamara might open her mouth and make people think that we did it’ Lilly says
‘Yeah and if people hear what you just said Willow, then we must as well hang ourselves’ Tom says
‘If we could only have a way to find the hooded’ Kate says 
‘Great idea Kate, it’s not like we can’t talk to the hooded victims’ Lilly speaks with a scene of humor 
‘That’s true’ Xian says.
‘Wait what’ Tom says as they all stare at Xian, 
‘I can talk to dead people when I go Ghost’ 
‘Anybody’ Tom asks 
‘Well Yeah’ Lilly answers. 
The Kids ponder this new development as the Dean Alexandra assembles the Professors for another meeting.
‘Another Wizard walks this halls, and is now killing in broad day light, I fear the worst for our school and the magic dimension as a whole’ Dean Alexandra speaks with a tired expression on his face causing his youth to wither, reveling an old grey haired, face wrinkled, old man.
‘That will not happen, Dean Alexandra; for I know who the hooded is. It’s Tom Bell and his gang’ Captain Warlock says with an expression of pride on his face, as he leans back on the chair and brushes his mustache with his left hand.
‘Are we really paying this king of fools’ Professor X says, ‘we all know that the hooded has been around for years and Bell and his gang as our esteemed Captain says is behind this, has been around for what is it again, months!’
‘Than what do you say Professor X that we should bypass the fact that Tom is a Wizard with the ability to kill?’ Professor Watson asks as he slams on the table.    
‘He has no such ability and I believe that he doesn’t even know the spell of death’
‘For now Professor X; don’t forget that we now have a girl who saw the hooded cast the spell and has now perhaps told the whole school; If a certain Wizard was to hear this spell and use it, the situation would go from bad to worse’ Professor Watson argues 
‘This institution was founded by the first Wizards of Magic; who are we to throw out a Wizard on mere circumstances ‘Professor X says
‘Tom Bell will be allowed to stay for now, I want everyone here to keep an eye on everything, no matter how insignificant you think it is and as for you Captain Warlock you better find the hooded or find yourself out of here without pay’ Dean Alexandra says in an old tired voice, as he calls the meeting to an end and heads to his chamber to drink a youth concoction.
Meanwhile the kids had convinced Xian to make contact with a victim of the hooded seeking assistance, in the location of the Phantoms hide out. The gathered in a circle around Xian as she transformed into a Ghost and entered Trans like state;
‘Victims of the Phantom connect with me, tell your story’ she utters, not long after a figure comes from the shadows; it’s a little girl wearing a blue silk night gown, her pink eye told sadness, her with lips told thrust 
‘It was evil’ she utters in a small weak voice, ‘It came for me, as I went to class, it dragged me into the corridor and transported me’ she says
‘To were’ Willow asks the girl 
‘I don’t know, it was dark like a temple; yes a temple of sacrifice’ 
‘That can be anywhere in the world’ Lilly says 
‘There was a name at the top of temple’ the girl utters ‘Tezcatlipoca; Yes Tezcatlipoca!’ she says as she runs off, disappearing in the shadows of the room         
‘Ok, all we need to do is find Tezcatlipoca’ said Tom 
‘Yeah, but how Tom, we don’t even know what that is’ Kate uttered. 
‘Wiz would know’ Xian said having the gangs attention on her, ‘I just mean Wiz’s are the keepers of all knowledge aren’t they’ she continued.
‘OK, then how do we get a wiz to come and tell us’ Lilly asked.
‘It’s uncomplicated’ Xian answered, ‘all you need to do is say the pelage of the Wiz’. ‘In the Mist of Darkness or light; Truth is Knowledge’s Might; for this I call upon, The Wiz’s sight.’    
In an instance of saying the pelage a Wiz poops in. 
‘What knowledge do seek little girl’ the Wiz asks Xian. 
‘We need to find Tezcatlipoca’ Xian says
‘Tezcatlipoca is not a place, it’s a Wizard’ Wiz starts, grabbing the kid’s attention 
‘Tezcatlipoca, in Toltec and Aztec mythology and religion, was the god of the night sky, the moon and stars. Also called Yaotl (the warrior), this Wizard was associated with the forces of destruction and evil. Human sacrifice was introduced through the Wizards’ cult into central Mexico to sustain the Wizards’ youth for hundreds of years.’
‘Like a youth portion’ uttered Kate
‘No little fairy, for you see a youth portion only makes you look young, but feeding on the heart of a living creature will not only make you young, but powerful as well. However, it comes at the cost of your soul suffering forever, if you should die’ Wiz answers. ‘Now for one year before someone was to be the sacrifice to Tezcatlipoca, they were chosen to live in luxury and at the end of that year, during the fifth ritual month called Toxcatl that someone climbed the steps of a temple and was sacrificed by having the heart cut out.’
‘So Dax must be the prisoner that will be sacrificed by Tezcatlipoca at the next Toxcatl’ Kate says 
‘No’ Wiz answers, ‘another was taken from this school last year and it is her who will be sacrificed’ 
‘Who’ Kate asks 
‘Professors X’s daughter, Zoe’ 
The gang was shocked at the words Wiz had spoken; they had no idea that Professor X had a daughter or even that she was taken by the hooded.
‘Wiz where can we find the temple’ Willow asks 
‘The temple lies not in Mexico anymore, but in the heart of the amazon; take this map and go now, the sacrifice will start shortly.’
Willow gets the map from Wiz, ‘How will we get there, the corridor only transports us within the school’ Willow asks 
‘I’m aware of a large ship docked at the bottom of the harbor, perhaps one could take use it, if one knew that the secret phase to use the ship was moon sail’ Wiz mumbles, causing Mary to knee and kiss him on the cheek.    
‘Guys if we do this, we will be facing terrible danger that no other has ever faced, not to mention a Wizard’ Lilly says
‘Don’t worry, you got your own Wizard’ Tom quickly answers.


Chapter 9: Journey On
With nodding of the heads the set out to the dock where they took the ship and sailed it out of the river Themes unto the open sea heading to Brazil’s Amazon; to Boca de Acre in the heart of the Amazon. 
Meanwhile at the school, the Captain and Professor Watson had sneaked into the hall of artifacts; a big hall; it was housing the greatest collection of artifacts ever seen from Pharos treasure to the fairy gold dust, but it was the stature of Venus they were after. It stood in the center of the Hall, a large statue of a beautiful Fair Queen made of pure Gold.
‘Use your fairy powers to levitate it to the dock’ Captain Warlock said,
‘Levitate’ uttered the Professor waving his hands towards the stature as a means of control and guided it to the corridor where they transported it to the docks.
‘Where’s my ship’ shouted the Captain with rage, ‘has the world come to this, theft of private property’ he continued unaware that Professor Abraham and Professor X had followed them to the docks
‘What are you doing Professor Watson’ Professor X asks
‘Well I I’m, that is I was just cleaning it’ he mumbles
‘Don’t be a chicken you fairy, they know and that’s why the ship is gone. But we have come too far to come out of this empty handed’ Captain Warlock shouts as he transforms into a Werewolf followed by Professor Watson transformation into a Fairy.
Professor X and Abraham stamp their staffs to the ground as the uttered ‘Zardlin-Reborn’; there staff’s glow bright red, their clothes become bright green causing there transformation into full blown Zardlins.
‘You kill Professor Abraham and I will end our dear Professor X’ Captain Warlock instructs Professor Watson.
Meanwhile the kids had arrived at Boca de Acre only to find the village deserted. It was a ghost town with no one in sights as they entered the town.
‘Where is everyone gone’ Kate asked
‘Maybe they got a deal on used cars somewhere’ Willow 
A rumbling sound was heard as the ground shook beneath them, ‘Is it an earthquake’ shouted Tom
‘No! Look at the top of the hill in the forest’ Lilly answered as the kid gazed at the hill to see a red cloud gathering above it, as a temple rose from the ground. The Temple stood on top of the hill with two large human skulls at either side of it.
‘Looks like we have to trail through the forest to get there’ Tom said 
‘Or maybe we should just go home, I mean nobody knows we are here, we could just say we borrowed the ship for a bit of fun, yes! Fun’ Xian suggested with a shivering voice
‘But we will always know and we will always wonder what we could have done’ Tom answers her suggestion 
‘Well I don’t know about you guys, but I’m only here for Professor X’s daughter and nothing else’ Willow added to the discussion.
The kids started heading into the forest towards the temple as the battle intensified at the school,
‘Hallow-Scream’ Captain Warlock uttered, as a sonic wave left his Werewolf mouth towards Professor X,
‘Shield of Stone’ Professor X uttered, as he spun his staff in a circular motion creating a wall of stone to protect himself from the attack. ‘You will not get out of here Captain Warlock that I swear on my grave’ Professor X shouted towards Captain Warlock,
‘Now that’s an offer I can live with’ Captain Warlock uttered as he charged the Professor,
‘Why have you turned your back on the school’ Professor Abraham asked Professor Watson as the circled each other
‘I’m not going to spend the rest of my life as nothing more than a little Professor at this rotten school, I have ambitions, dreams and a destiny to fulfill.’ He answered, as he stroke the Professor with a sun beam emitted from his hands.   
The battle became colossal as both tried there upmost to gain the upper hand with spells and strength; destroying the dock and rocking the school, causing it to tilt from side to side.
‘The school is going to fall’ shouted Professor X to Professor Abraham
‘Hold it up I will protect you’ answered Professor Abraham 
Professor X ran towards the building, ‘Levitate-Stop’ he shouted while holding with both hands his staff pointed towards the building, as Professor Abraham came behind him, ‘Protect-Shield’ he uttered as he cast a protective shield around them. Captain Warlock and Professor Watson attacked them with tremendous power trying to break the shield. Processor Abraham tried to keep it up as Professor X was also struggling with stopping the build from collapsing.
‘I can’t hold on’ cried Professor X, ‘It going down’ he continued to cry 
‘What if I help’ answered Professor Abraham, 
‘But what about the shield?’ asked Professor X 
‘It will fall along with us, but the school shall stand forevermore’ he answered 
With a look at it each other, it was agreed that there sacrifice would be the only way to save the school. Professor Abraham released his hold on the shield as he turned to join Professor X and the both uttered ‘Levitate-Stop’ while both staff’s where crossed, causing a surge of energy to flow from them covering the school and stopping its tilts, but no sooner had they done this then did Captain Warlock attack from behind, 
‘Forgotten-Claws’ he shouted, as he ripped through them, causing them to fall to the ground.
With their cloths ripped apart, the Professors laid on the ground as Professor Watson looked on seeing Captain Warlock circling them, as if they were prey.
‘We have to get out of here’ Professor Watson said
‘No!, not until I test Zardlin flesh’ Captain Warlock answered, as he walked toward Professor X. ‘Time to join your daughter Professor’ he said as he opened his mouth to take a bit of the Professor head only to be stopped by Professor Évora who teleported in and casted a love spell on Captain Warlock and Professor Watson, ‘Love-Me-Mean-It’ she uttered.
‘Why Professor X and Abraham, what are you doing on the dirty floor with those dirty torn clothing’ she asked as she stood over them
‘Be careful Professor Évora, Captain Warlock and Professor Watson are trying to destroy the school’ Professor X said in a painful manner
‘You mean those two over there’ she answered while pointing at Professor Watson and Captain Warlock firmly under her love spell. ‘I don’t think that they will be doing any damage to us for a while’ she continued. ‘Now let get you two to the Magic Bay for treatment’ she said as she instructed Captain Warlock and Professor Watson to carry them to the bay.


Chapter 10: Fight for life
Meanwhile, back in the forest the kids were walking when they notice skeletons hanged on each tree; some old, some new; it was a gruesome sight for everyone to see; well, almost everyone
‘This is cool’ Lilly said
‘Cool? I know you’re a Vampire, but doesn’t this seem a bit I don’t know; hellish’ Kate said
‘Listen Fairy; you like your pretty, I like my dark; so why don’t we just stay out of each other’s’ Lilly answered.
‘Do you guys hear that’ Willow asked
‘I hear it too’ Lilly answered, as a thump sound became louder and louder heading towards them. The trees shook ever more violently as it became louder and louder and then silence was heard as it stopped. 
‘What was that’ Kate asked, as the kids turned around them to see what it was, but all they could see were the trees and skeletons that hang on them, until Xian screamed.
Eyes were seen in the shadows of the forest, eyes of red that glowed like that of a crocodile at night. The eyes moved out of the showdowns to unveil a large green scaled dragon.
‘Who enters my forest’ the dragon asked
‘We were just passing through towards the Temple’ Lilly answered
‘None but the lord of the Temple may pass through this forest’ the dragon remarked
‘Well that’s too bad because we are just about to do that’ Willow said, as smoke came from the dragons noise, it’s eyes glowed dark red and with an expression of anger it shouted, ‘Forest-Attack’.
The skeletons came off the trees and moved towards the kids; the tress rose from their roots and marched towards the kids both screaming, ‘Death to all who Trespass’.       
‘Nice move Willow’ Lilly uttered
‘Less talking more running’ Tom cried 
The kids started to run through the forest, as the tress reached out to grab them, they ran and ran up the hill being pursued by the skeletons until they reached the edge of the forest, where they found a path to the temple.
‘The skeletons are still coming’ cried Kate, 
‘You guys go ahead, I will hold them off’ said Xian. 
‘You can’t hold off an entire army’ Lilly said
‘I’m a ghost remember, if any one of us can handle the undead it’s me’ Xian answered with a fierce determination in her eyes, ‘Ghost-Connect’ she uttered as she transformed into a ghost.
‘Ghost-Shield’ Xian cried creating a large white wall shield between them and the skeleton army, ‘Go you guys, I will be fine’ she cried out to them. They kids turned and ran up the path leaving Xian behind to fight the skeleton army. They reached the top of the path and found a large red door with words on it,
‘What does it say’ Kate asked, 
‘It’s the language of the Wizards, but I can’t read it’ Lilly replied
‘It says’ Tom began, ‘they who cometh in, must be evil or evil will cometh to them’
‘We have come too far to turn back because of a silly warning’ Willow uttered, as he pushed the door open and walked in to be followed by the rest.
Xian was still holding the Ghost Shield in place only to notice large eyes in the night sky heading towards her, 
‘Dragon-Breath’ the dragon uttered, as it flew past her, unleashing a large fire ball towards her Ghost Shield; causing a large explosion, destroying the shield, forest and skeleton army.
Xian fell to the ground as the Dragon landed down on the ground, ‘Don’t fight little one; it will be easier for you and me’ the Dragon uttered
‘You would like that wouldn’t you, but guess what; that will never happen you piece of leather’ she cried out. ‘Ghost-Wave’ she uttered, as a large sonic vibration left her mouth towards the Dragon. The Dragon took flight evading the wave, but Xian unleashed the wave unto the Dragon in flight, as it dodged them the Dragon aggravated Xian,
‘Is that all you got little girl, I have seen a new born cause more damage than this; you have to kidding me’ Xian’s anger grew and grew from the taunting by the dragon as she took flight towards the Dragon unaware that the Dragon had planned it all
‘Dragon-Flight’ it uttered as it quickly flew up in the sky, Xian stopped to see the Dragon gone from sight only to have a white light coming towards her
‘What is that’ she asked herself 
‘Dragon-Spine-Fire’ the dragon uttered, as it spun in a fast moving fire blaze towards her
‘No’ she cried, but it was too late as the Dragon hit her with full massive force, creating explosion.
Xian woke up on the ground dazed and confused as her eye sight came back into focus, she found the Dragon on top of her
‘You fought well, but not well enough’ it uttered, ‘Dragon-Heat’ it continued as fire left its mouth towards her, engulfing her in flames as she screamed, ‘No’ to the amusement of the Dragon.
‘It’s a shame it had to end so fast’ the Dragon said 
‘Yes it is’ a voice answered from behind, it was Xian. She had cloned herself and sent the clone in the air to fight the Dragon, as she went invisible and waited for the dragon.
‘Ghost-Wave’ she cried, sending the sonic wave towards the Dragon; it caused the skin to peel of its flesh and as it screamed in horror, Xian noticed its beating Heart. ‘Ghost-Slayer’ she cried as her shadow left her side and transformed in to the Grimm Ripper, rushing towards the Dragon and with a single strike, killed the Dragon.
As the Dragon lay on the ground dead, Xian exhausted from the fight feel to the ground as well, to be covered by water from the falling rain that had started.


Chapter 11: The Hooded
After walking through the Temple door the kids found themselves in a grave yard; tomb stone after tomb stone lead the way to the bottom stair way that the climbed to the top; where they found a pit of fire and Zoe tied above it. Dax lay on the floor unconscious.
‘We are here to help’ Kate said to Zoe, but Zoe couldn’t respond as her mouth had duct tape on it. She shook her head the best that she could to warn the kids of the danger, as the Hooded Phantom floated from behind her to the ground.
‘Your days of terror are over Hooded Phantom’ Tom said as the hooded pushed back the hood to reveal its face.
‘Tamara!’ Kate said.
‘Welcome to my Temple of doom’ she said with a smirk on her face, ‘No one has ever found this place before, but I gasses it was bound to happen sooner or later’
‘Wait; the first day of class, you were with us when the Phantom attacked’ Kate questioned
‘A Clone is what you saw.’ 
‘Why are you doing this’ Lilly asked her
‘Why do you ask? Look at me you foolish little Vampire’ she uttered extending her arms sideways; ‘I’m hot, young and more powerful than any other magical creature in the magic dimension. And soon I will rule over everything that lives, all I need to do is consume the heart of a Zardlin and Wizard’ she continued, as she stared at Toms’ shocked expression. ‘You see Tom, hundreds of years ago when I ruled, I feed on the hearts of mortals, it kept me from aging, but those fools of Wizards, the first five outlawed it!; so I had to move from my home in Mexico to here, where I continued to practice in private. But they found me and imprisoned me in this Temple to die a slow painful death, for years I aged losing my beauty to time; but then their spell stopped for some reason and I was free. I wondered the forest and came upon a Fairy; I consumed the heart of the Fairy and not only did I retain my youth, my power grew tenfold’ she uttered with laughter 
‘You monster’ shouted Kate
‘You won’t get away with this’ Willow added
‘But I already have’ she answered and continued her story
‘I then headed to London and to my surprise, no Wizard in sight, not even the first five. I thought I was all clear and joined the school, were I consume the hearts of the students and to hide my identity I made the Hooded Phantom. It was glorious all those students, souls and power nothing stood in my way; until I heard that Professor Watson had discovered a Wizard boy. I was somewhat torn between the options of killing you or making you join me. I went to Catherine’s house and as she prepared your baby bath; I sneaked into your room; waved my wand towards you and prepared to kill you, until a thought crossed my mind; I could wait for you to grow up and develop your magic allowing me to consume it and you at the same time, thus making me the most powerful magical creature in the world’ 
‘How did you manage to stay in school for so long’ Lilly asked
‘I can transform into any creature I consume and as you can imagine over the years, I have gotten a lot to choose from; Tamara was the best choose for me this time; so sweet, so innocent; just like the day I consumed her heart.’ She answered
‘Well its time you gave it back’ Willow shouted
‘Come and get it boy or better yet, get her first’ she cried as she zapped the chain holding Zoe, causing he to fall into the pit; Willow quickly transformed and jumped into the pit, grabbing the chain by his mouth and the wall by his claws.
He mumbles through his mouth ‘Don’t Let Go’, Zoe rolls her eyes with a thought, ‘like I have a choice’ she mumbles through the duct tape.
Tom, Kate and Lilly transformed and attacked Tamara
‘Posterior-Stop’ Tom casts, just to have it blocked by Tamara
‘Sunshine-Blast’ Kate said, as a ball of light left her hand towards Tamara, who uses her wand to deflect it back at her.
‘Kate’ Tom shouted as she was hit         
‘So you want to play’ Lilly cries as she charges Tamara, ‘Play with this, Vampire-Bite’ 
‘Light-Shine’ Tamara cast sending a beam of light, blinding Lilly and stopping her charge. ‘Rebellion’ Tamara continues, striking Tamara with a beam causing her to fall back
Willow climbs from the pit with Zoe and joins the attack, ‘Werewolf-Freeze’ he utters, sending a blast of freeze ray towards Tamara, only to have her teleport behind him,
‘Repel’ she strikes Willow, blasting him forward.
‘We have to fight together’ Tom shouts, ‘all together now, let’s strike’
Tom strikes ‘Beam-Blast’,
Kate strikes ‘Sunshine-Halo’,
Lilly strikes ‘Vampire-Clap’,
And Willow strikes ‘Werewolf-Freeze’
The kids strike all at once, sending their attacks towards Tamara who with a smirk in her face counters with an adsorption spell,
‘Absorbing-orbing’ absorbing their attacks, creating a single massive ball of energy
‘Die Tom Bell’ she utters as she sends the energy towards Tom
‘Tom, watch out’ Kate screams
But Tom doesn’t move; he stands still as the ball of energy comes ever closer towards him and strikes. Tom stands after the strike unhurt; for Xian had come in-between him and the ball thus shielding Tom using her Ghost Shield. She lay down at Toms’ feet unconscious from the strike.
Tom stood there in shock as Tamara levitated the others in the air.
‘Sleep with the Mermaids’ she uttered, as she cast ‘Kill’, striking them, as she had stroke the Mermaids at the lake.
Tom from anger and instinct raised his wand and cast a spell, ‘Crucify’
A dark beam left his wand towards Tamara, who raised a shield, but it was destroyed as the dark beam stroke her, causing the souls of she had consumed to leave her; she fell to her knees and transformed to the true form of Tezcatlipoca; with a black stripe across his red Indian face and a mirror on his chest he uttered in disbelieve, ‘Master?’ He feel flat on the ground and died, upon which all who was killed with his Kill spell walk up; from the Mermaids at the lake, to the kids in the Temple.
‘What happened, Tom’ Kate asked, as she was getting up
‘More like what’s happening’ Willow added
‘The building’s collapsing; Willow, take Tom and Xian, I will get Kate and Zoe’ Lilly instructed, as they grabbed them and dashed out of the Temple before it collapsed on them.
The Temple collapsed on itself as the kids looked on
‘Did we do it’ Xian asked as she was waking up, just to be hugged by Tom
‘We better, be getting home’ Willow said
‘Wait what about Dax’ Kate asked 
‘He’s over there, behind the rocks’ Xian answered, ‘I dragged him out of the temple when I first entered and found you guys fighting Tamara’ she explained. ‘Sorry Willow’
‘Think nothing of it Xian’
‘Let’s get going then’ Lilly said
The boarded the ship and sailed home and as they docked at the dock yard, Professor X was waiting for them with other faculty members.
‘Just what the Magic do you think you’re doing, stealing a ship; leaving without permission, I out to’ he uttered only to be disrupted by his daughter on board the ship 
‘Dad’ she shouted
‘Zoe? Is that you?’
‘Dad!’
Professor X levitated on board the ship and hugged his daughter, as tears rolled down his chicks he thanked the Kids. 
It was the end of the semester at the school and the students were all preparing to go home. Tom and Kate were both in their rooms when Dean Alexandra walked in
‘Is there anyone here’ he shouted
‘Were here’ answered Kate and Tom as they came out of their rooms to greet the Dean
‘I have here a medal I want to give you guys, as you leave for your homes’ he said, ‘For the bravely you showed in defeating the Phantom’
‘Thanks Dean Alexandra, but what about the rest of the guys’ Kate responded
‘I have already given them theirs as the left last night’ he answered
‘They left last night’ Kate asked
‘Yes, they leave in other dimensions mind you and have to use the full moons power to enter that dimension’ he answered Kate  
‘In that case thanks Dean Alexandra’ Kate said, as she went back up her room to finish packing
‘I believe there is something you wish to ask of me Tom’ Dean Alexandra said
‘Dean; why didn’t the Mermaid or Dax die when The Phantom attacked them’ he asked
‘You see Tom, The Phantom  was an evil Wizard, but not a Dark Wizard and as such could only have paralyzed the victims with the ‘Kill’ spell and use the opportunity to kill them by cutting their hearts out. Only a Dark Wizard possesses the power to kill someone with a spell and the only two Wizards have done that, died a hundred and fifty years ago of years ago.’
Tom turned his head away from the Professor with thoughts of whether he was a Dark Wizard passing his mind and was caught by the Dean who asked Tom
‘Tom how did you kill the Hooded Phantom’
‘Like I said Dean, she deflected one of my spells to the roof and it collapsed on her’ he answered, as he walked back to his room
Tom and Kate left the school, into the grounds of West Minister; Kate saw her parents waiting for her and rushed off to greet them. Tom watched as they hugged and embraced each other causing a sense of loneliness. He waved good bye to Kate and headed home. As he approached the road to his house a cat jumped him; it was Mr. Charles and belonged to Mrs. Whitmore, a grumpy old neighbor that always troubled Tom with her Cat. 
She heard Tom scream as her cat jumped him and stepped out of her house calling her cat to her side
‘You should be ashamed Tom; scaring my young cat like that’ she shouted.  
Tom looked at Mrs. Whitmore and her cat and in a split moment cast the spell, 
‘Crucify!’
He kills poor Mrs. Whitmore and her cat.
###
